
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show. Yeah. We are here. We are here. I'm happy to see you. I'm Happy to back. I'm, we all come. Happy to see you. I miss y man. How'd The move go Long?


Mm, but I'm done. And we all, everybody's all good now. All comfy and cozy. Yeah. Happy as shit. Good stuff. Good stuff. Ish out here moving like an old nigga. For real. We gotta get it started from the kitchen in order to come in. Starting in the beginning. We gotta get him started in the kitchen par nigga. He like an old ass Chevy Nova nigga. Put a 87 nigga, you know with the alternator cranking Up. Push it and then he come back and sit down. Throw The neutral first. What's up? What's up Ish? Good day sir. Good seeing you. We was talking about you cooling down your tea. You made it very hot and then you ask for another water. So that's three waters. Water. You clocking the water. That niggas the water police.


Yo. Get Three water. You cooled This shit down. Then you sipped it Again. Oh yeah. We back to the mini waters in the fridge. Y'all did it. Y'all did it. I saw your post back to the little waters. Now don't worry. Kirklands is next. Kirklands is next. Those little bulls in it. Don't worry about it. Kirk. Kirklands don't worry about it. Kirkland. They coming for. Yeah. That's funny. Y'all disrespectful to hip hop. You. You won't even drink no Kirkland. Exactly. I'm drinking Kirkland. I told you some of that dirty water cook sometimes. Yep. Oh boy. Yeah. Not, not on the norm. You're not gonna drink no Kirkland every day. He'll put Kirkland down here and then You know something tells me I I could run somewhere and find clean water.


Won't be far either. Not at all. I could Feed it the worst. Quick, quick. I could be right back. I can save Gilli Tyler buddy. Good to see all y'all. We happy to see you Too. Good to see all y'all good to be back. I missed the gang man. For real. By X six is back. Finally it feel like it's been months. That's how I feel. Feel like I ain't been in this motherfucker at least a month. It do feel like that 'cause of the impact of the pod. So When you take a day off. No, that niggas be so impactful that When you come back. It is, you feel like you missed so much. It Feel like that. 'cause you niggas do The fuck. Fuck you nigga was say that. Look I set you up nigga set me Up. I set up, I walk right into the chat. That's why I feel like that.


And y'all got the nerve. Hey man, damn good to see you Oh. Shit welcome. We got the gang. The, that's funny. We're fully stabbed. Wow. Everybody made y'all miss y'all. Yo. The vibes feel so good when this crew is together. Like damn, whoever put this crew together must have thought the vibe would've been right if we all got got together. We're here. Wait. Know why it's real phony?


Because a few of you niggas try not to come to Texas. Oh. Shit. Wait, what happened? Yo That is true. The world lie nigga. This is the pho true in the world. don. Don't try to, don't try to. It was flipped that episode. Well no, no it's not just you. I'm speaking for me. It's not just you don't tell me what the fuck to do. Everybody shit. Everybody got here late. But That is, well not everybody, but I only bring it up to say 'cause I don't give a fuck about that. I, I want a flight back. I was in a red state for four days. I don't give a fuck. I'm not here to play. I'm not here dude. Trust me, there's nothing ag about me today man. Happy to be home. Oh my God. Said I was in a red state.


Shit. Shit a little different out there. It different from Blue. Yeah. Yeah. What number one I ne I told you I told It is just one of them other parts. But I'm gonna say it again. I never want to hear a million dollars. Not a lot of money. No more ever again. That's true. Oh my god. No. No. You saw something, something different. New York up north Young. Yeah, black sexy nigga privilege. We said that in the conversation. Oh well let's say it again. And I said Austin, when we start talking crazy, well let's say again them nigga I say This shit all the time. Them niggas with them overalls and pickups. But anyway, so everybody was late but who cares about that Fucking Shannon Sharp just got on ultra single ass for being late.


I can't wait to talk about it too. It's funny. It is funny but no. Yeah, no it was you. Ish hit me at noon said yo, I'm making a run. He hit me at 10 51. Y'all making a run. I be be there though. Like I'll be there when When I get there. I ain't su mr. The last two po. I ain't know. I didn't hear from him. I didn't know you came in yo. I said I don't know. I ain't spoke to nobody. Who cares? We all here. I'm happy to see y'all. Y'all look good. Y'all Smell good and we got shit to get to. Yes. Yes we do. I got a fake passion today somehow. Fake passion. Yeah, I gotta a I. gotta a fake like I'm into Ah. What we about to get. So you not really into what we about to.


Yo yo wait and I gotta try to do it respectfully. Yeah. It is so many different parties at play. It's like the fucking super awards. Thano, whatever, the Avengers versus X. Lot of different parties. Lot of different corporate groups at play. Some I'm cool with actually I'm cool with most of them. Fuck hate when that happened. Should just paid for all of 'em years ago. Oh my Lord Man should tape for Flat. So we're gonna see you at your most diplomatic today. Right? Maybe he get his Rockefeller chain finally. Oh. Shit. Yeah. The rock. You don't wear your amp chain on Tuesday. I don I don Amp. You ain't get one yet.


I gotta flip the network chain Ain't you? Ain't been enough because I I gotta I gotta Flip. That's cool. I gotta flip the network Chain. There you go. I want one. Yeah, I want rap my man. Yeah. Make sure you do Always. Yeah, always sure, always. Well I'm reciprocate. You was sending that Message today through to me. Niggas make sure you do nigga. This Nigga. Yeah. I don't know if I'm coming in today. I so fast. Hey Ian text him and say who the fuck You tell me. I look in the bathroom he and take me back To back. I'm like what the fuck is going on sir? I said I'm coming in right now. It was nine 30. I'm coming in talk y'all niggas. He said I'm not there. I said wait what? I ain't like it. I was on my way to get a pickup truck.


That is they on or something? Out there. Out there and hey Corey tried to go to CVS at 10 o'clock. Oh hey. Hey Corey. How'd that go? Hey, Corey needed some healthy stupid shit at 10 o'clock. He talking about he was running the concierge. Hey where's the nearest CVS? Oh it's right over there. But you shouldn't go Oh. Shit told over it's right there. But I wouldn't advise you to go. Really don't do that. Don't do that. Stay here. Don't do that. Stay where it's safe. I pulled out my little Uber eats. you know jail niggas ain't got the new apps. I said yo CCVS could deliver it Nigga It is cool. You ain't got a Brit life.


You ain't got a Brit life. Oh no. It is gonna end Corey over some floss or whatever. The fuck they was about to have a party nigga Advil. Yeah, he wanted some vegan toilet tissue, some stupid shit. That's crazy. Alright, let's argue or not. Let's do it. Make Com I. Don. Do not disrespect Wayne. He went crazy. Please can we make a pact? What can we pond today and not disrespect Wayne.


No Coach, listen Big please. Had two off. He came back. That nigga coming back. He got the Hitch. That's all I could do bro. He ready to go. Big hitch hit that Wawa early this morning. Huh? Mel gave you a little bit of ass on the gram. Huh? Gang is in today. Since I lost you, I'm lost. Hit a horses for the trouble. Your heart to God knows that I do anything. Forgive. Gimme another chance to need her in like a kidney.


I don't want to advance. Gimme back her hands. Gimme back her touch. I don't ask for much but I fucked up. I know I fucked up. I admit I fucked up. But everybody fucked up. Shout wherever you might be listening up. Fuck New Orleans. She was from Georgia, New Orleans. I was a When. I was a Gangster. She was my shoulder. You a pistol to my host.


Yeah. Shout to wherever you might be listening from. Hold DMV be more what up DC What up Virginia? What up Carolina is, what's good up in this bitch Atlanta. What's popping? Alright. That's the furthest time drove on. No, Florida's next. Florida's next. Florida's Florida. What? What? What up? What's good? Miami. Dubai, Australia, Africa. Motherfuck pick. I pointed at you and telling motherfucker fetch This will be fire in February.


come on, come on, Come on. I hear Go. come on she call. But if she get greedy, I down. You. Me wrong. I knock your head off your neck. The flight too long. I gotta a bed on a jet. The guns are drawn. I ain't talking about a, I pay these niggas with a reality check. Prepared for the worst, but still praying for the best. This game is a bitch. I got my hand up a the money don't Somebody.


I gotta chopper in the car. I gotta chopper in the car. The Boston accent. I gotta a chopper in the car. Mel never heard this song. come on down. Hey big icy nigga. Very appropriate. Very appropriate. come on. You gotta do it. We Got it. We gotta do it. Oh Shit S game.


New York Strip Club. Y'all know what to do this weekend. Motherfucker got the heart of a killer. Young guard in the building about start religion, about line up in order some missiles. Bring them straight to your block and go to war with two bitches. If you hit the head pin the rest fall position, shoot a nigga on his porch and make a phone in this kitchen. Got the bitch boy porch. We on the specifics. And I keep that torch baby. Call me Olympics red, white, blue. Flip skills like gymnasts and never give a bitch money, blood or kidneys. When the gun goes by, I be at the finish with my metal around my neck. Autograph from my tenderness. The land of the murder. Dope crack and syringes pull up on you in the coup. Her face engine.


Never talk to those that sat on the benches. I Man. Shout to all the musicians out there listening to This shit. All the record label niggas, all the execs. Some of y'all might get your feelings heard today. Try be with bitches with I'm crazy for being Wayne. Wayne is crazy. I'm being around him, still around like them. Trigger shave it. That's my hip. Hop in the ocean. I'm going save it. The salt Round of applause for the greatest gang on Earth.


Round of applause. Let's get this thing started out. Right mind, right money, right Ready for war. Let's keep that applause going. Why not? Let's lick the shot for Big Pop in heaven. Rest in peace to James Earl Jones. Huh? Keep the applause going. Rest in peace to everybody we have lost recently. Thank God for bringing us back together here at this time. Mute. Hmm. All right, what episode is this? 7 58. Welcome to episode 7 58 of the Joe Button podcast. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, happy to be here.


Host Joe Button here with a few really amazing people. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.


Brought to you by yeah, we go, they, they almost caught him slipping. Brought to you by a few, by sponsored by PrizePicks. You now to my right, the intelligent, the beautiful Melyssa Ford.


The legendary who? Who the legendary Melyssa Ford is in this bitch. Built for tough Hootie. Who out there Hooty Fucking who? How you feeling? You good? I'm feeling amazing. Great, great, great. Flip is here. Big queens. Flip queens. What up? What up? What up? Flip how you feel. Yo, y'all feel? I feel good. Feel great. Good. Glad to have you here with us today. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Ish here. Huh? Talk to him. Huh? King Wawa in the building. Ish here. Still looking disgruntled nigga. Matt. But can You. can You? can you answer like they asked you like We saw it. What? But then he don't believe that you Walked in looking angry dog.


That's my normal face. No, it's not. It's his resting Bitch face. How That is my normal face. You took it out. Yeah, that's, that's what it's called. Resting Bitch face. I'm just saying that's my regular, when them niggas be clipping me up and be saying I'm pouting. That's my normal face. my nigga. I'm Not power. No, they clipp you up with the incredible whatever that was. That was, they can't fake that way. Wasn't ai. That wasn't ai. No. That was different. But my regular face is my regular face, my nigga. Okay. All right. Got You. all right. Well glad, glad, glad you hear what your regular Face Experie. Fuck it. Up you go. Alright man. Making his return big freeze. The freezes of the freezes. Glad To be back man. Missed. Missed again. I missed y'all.


Miss. Welcome back ice. Welcome back. Welcome back. The music talks just weren't the same without you at all. True. I. gotta be honest with you. We really fell flat in the music talks without you. I missed you and I thought you'd be here Friday but I I Playing hooky Got a little fucked up. Yeah, I mean it's cool. Got your Pittsburgh shit on. I Mean, you know what I mean? I mean you here today. What'd you say? Got your Pittsburgh shit on. Of course. you know what I mean? Oh yeah. Shout out to everybody out there that did not lose in week one of fantasy football. come on, come On, come on Here I think. come on. Fla it up. Wait y'all, oh wait, I beat you With the weak you had? Yeah, about three points hurt. Hey, I ain't gonna hold you. I take the wave. Nah, no for sure. Tracy Saying Dukes was kicking my ass when the shit started.


I to open it today. Beat him by 0.5. No. Oh. And totally killed Bun B in the other league bun. That that was bad. Bun B was a non Pac that was bad. Bun B. Shout to you and Texas. I love you. come on. you know you the unc but It was bad. Yeah, them pigs. Look that squall look good at first. Squa didn't look too bad. Okay, listen, everybody's good. You Smell good. You look good. You remember Oh? Shit? Parks is here. I'm sorry It's all Oh, Myra's fine. I'm my apologies. It's all good. Park is here. PO is here. Corey is here. Wan is here. Fucking Imani is here. Ericson is here. Tanner's here. I don't know if Ke but still here. But I've been with him for four days so he probably should have went home. And that's it. That's everybody. Everybody looks good.


Smells good. Mental health check. Awesome Spirit check. Awesome. Amazing. Great. Monday. Kendrick was announced. We getting right to it. Oh. Shit Monday. Kendrick was announced to do the Super Bowl. Oh the internet. That's it. That's the topic. Nah, that was Sunday. Whatever it was. Whatever. Dropped That shit Sunday, right Before kickoff Sunday. My days is off. 'cause Red State shit, but oh you know, there you're just trying to stay alive. There was a Lot of, a lot of news happened on Sunday before the kickoff. Yeah. A lot. Tyrell, Tyre Kill Dak. Let's, let's keep it where we need to be. Yeah, let's, yeah, let's start With. Kendrick Lamar is announced to do the Super Bowl and everyone is in a, in a fur Civil war broke out.


Yes. Yes. Why? Well, alright so because It's in New Orleans. 'cause in New Orleans. So we, let's go back to last year. Get the shit off re right A right After the Super Bowl. Right after the Super Bowl last year when some of them Forgot. Let's go nigga go that some of them don't remember. Go into that mega nigga don't remember last year. Go to that Megamind encyclopedia nigga. Put him on Reed. Yeah nigga. Go to your thoughts. Go into your thoughts. This is exciting. I that nigga, that's the type of Bullhead he got. Like he got thoughts, got The thoughts, balling. We're like waiting with bated breath. Oh yeah. Take them back. Take them back. Freeze. Nah. So right after the Super Bowl last year was announced, you know, next year is New Orleans. So people already started putting the, like when Wayne is, is introduced on stage at his shows.


He comes up out of the, out of the, out of the middle of the stage and he comes up holding a cup. So they were putting a picture up, like replacing a cup with a football and Photoshopping and oh we definitely gonna get Wayne next year. So they know. So they're aware of the problem. What's the problem? Carry on. So already people were anticipating that what Do they think is in the cup? They know what's in the cup. So they aware what's in the cup. Yes. And that that cup has been a thing. Yes. Like for a while don don't hope. Now we are assuming, 'cause we don't see what's in the cup. It could be empty Cup. It's just a cup. It could be empty cup. Yes it's a cup. But if it ain't empty, we'll just put that in the fo cabinet.


Got it. So people have already been anticipating that, oh we It is New Orleans. we know we getting Wayne. So whenever the announcement come, it's like, it's definitely about to be Wayne. So when this happened, you had a lot of people like, okay this only happened a because of the Drake situation. 'cause Kendrick came out on top pause. Yeah. Had a great year. Some people can say based off of that. So it's like you snub Wayne in New Orleans. All he's meant for hip hop. We got whole Rock Nation who've been putting hip hop acts at the halftime show for The last few years. Yeah.


It kind of all tracks that this should, it should have been a no-brainer that It is Wayne. So that's where the upset people be getting upset came from. From right there. It's just like, yo, how do y'all fumble the, the only correct decision and now you give it to Kendrick. So self-induced rage Mostly. Yeah. Well what does the cast think about so many things? There's So much. What do you wanna start at? I Was gonna ask you a question, Mr. you know encyclopedia, when's the last time? Oh well y'all would know this. When's the last time Super Bowl was in New Orleans? Because there's been like 2013. 2013. Okay. 2013. And who was the Performance?


Beyonce, right? That was Beyonce. Beyonce. Oh, Okay. The, the Super Bowl halftime rarely follows local. Right? No, I know. That's what I, that was basically what I was alluding to by asking the question. Think I think the only time it has was the Duration was la Well so what happened the the LA situation. Some people could say the Usher Vegas Super Bowl because he had the Vegas residency. It tracked Usher doing his thing in Vegas. It tracked a little bit. Okay, a little bit. You had Miami Super Bowl. You had J Balvin, J Lo, j Lo Shara, j Shakira. That made sense. So some of these Super Bowls did really make sense with the halftime show, with the act performing.


But really because of that LA thing, it was like, okay, we doing rappers and we are doing something for the city. It's definitely what we have a rapper here. That would 100% make sense. So that's where the out a lot of that outage is coming from. Now I'm on the other side. I thought you had a question for Oh yeah, she asked it. That was her question the last time. Oh, that was the question. Yeah. So, I. I want, oh, you wanna build Up all the suspension? Sorry. No, I wanted to know that. But I think the Suspension come from him. Yeah. I wanna know is your other side, you're on the other side of the fence. You, you think that Wayne's catalog is not, you know, friendly to the massive audience that tunes into the, isn't Not really about a massive audience. Wayne don't have records for the Super Bowl.


What is just plain and simple? Wayne does not have, Wayne has a lot. her mixtape cult classic songs. Wayne has commercial records. But then When, you okay? We we gonna play Lollipop at the Super Bowl? Yes, yes, yes. Lick lick me like a lollipop at the super a million. Yes, yes. No we're Not. Yes you are. We want to hear Lollipop. No, we want to hear it. We are talking about the business of the NFL. Want to hear LLL lick me like a lollipop at the Super Bowl? No they don't. I don't know if Doritos wants to hear that. Yeah, that's what I, I'm talking about business money. No, they Don't. So he, he get the, the pop nigga. The Blow Pop niggas can sponsor this one. You can dissing the clean version. Yeah. It's what's what's the clean version of Lollop? You can not say click, click, click click me like a lollipop. You can not do that. You can say A lollipop.


It's not gonna work. I'm telling you it's not gonna work. I want to, if give the Lollipop It is a mega, mega mega smash. Give me the other Wayne records that he performs at the Super Bowl. A milli too. Keep going. Six foot. You got 13 minutes. Let me hear what he performs. A i I think you are getting carried away. If you got 13 minutes, Wayne and Friends could definitely Mr. Could definitely perform at the Super Bowl. Well first it wasn't announced as Wayne and Friends. I know it's Wayne. And that's, that's a whole nother conversation. It was announced but it was announced as Usher. Usher brings a football team up there with him. He bought the whole Atlanta with him. Exactly. So You can say Little Wayne as the headliner for the Super Bowl. And it could be Wayne with this person.


Wayne with that person. And we could get through 13 minutes Easy. The nigga got a catalog the size of the Wayne Absolutely could do a Super Bowl. Wayne could do a Super Bowl. I don Disagree. I'm telling you, I'm not mad. I'm not Wayne. Because You feel like you can't single handedly do it without bringing anyone. Is that your stance? But they all do though. That's No Ice is saying that Wayne don't have enough commercially friendly songs that's going transcend our demo for the big Super Bowl. Big, big wide Super Bowl. don. No, I understand that, but audience. But, but Dre bought out a lot of people. Right? That was announced. That was Wayne could bring out a lot of people. Drake, Nick, that's another Alright. Yeah, We're dancing here Wayne. Yeah, We Oh we are. That's a whole new topic. That's a whole, yeah. And, and I do want to get there.


Me too. Got it. Let's unpack this. Alright, so Ice doesn't think Wayne has the discography. I'm on the other side of that one. I'm the other Side of that too. I want to hear the Wayne Records. Let's take off Wayne and Friends. We, we are talking about Wayne Discography right now. Let me hear the Wayne Records that he could do at the Super Bowl. I'll help Amil. Six foot. Yeah, he can do six. Okay. Mr. Officer, He could do all he a gold dj. He could do all of those older records. Fireman and half a Carter three. He could do fireman, he could do a verse from some of the hot boy stuff that's gonna resonate with the Oh yes, with the audience. He could get 13 minutes. You can Wayne don't even do those verses on his shows.


You asked us what can he do? I'm just, I ain't saying what he's done on his own shows. I'm giving you songs that could be potentially audience friendly that could get 13 minutes out of them. Now to ISIS's point, I do think that there's probably better options. I'm not, that wasn't his point saying I'm just on my catalog on Yeah, I mean just, just what records if, if Wayne was selected and he had the, alright, let me put a set list together. What are the songs he's putting? I just wanted to hear it. I don't think he has enough of those records. Okay. So now what do you say to the people that say this could have been A-Y-M-Y-M-C-M-B thing? Well Now that goes in I'm, I'm in conspiracy landing. What's your conspiracy Again?


I believe there to be some shit at play where the corporations, companies higher ups have, are at war with Drake. I've been saying this, I've said the same thing. You said that So I don't think Wayne getting snubbed for the Super Bowl has anything to do with Wayne. But you saying you don't think Wayne s saying period. I don't. But for the people that's saying he did get snubbed. Okay, let's say, let me entertain that. If he did get snubbed, it's not because of him. It's because of his loyalty. We know if Wayne gets the Super Bowl, he's bringing Drake, he's bringing Drake, he's bringing Nick a given, Not a given.


I say it's a given. I say it's Out of loyalty only. And if I ain't gonna let you be the only one to start telling a little bit of truth up here, I don't know if none of them fuck with each other. It's not About fucking with each other. It's about optics on this stage right here. I don and I, I'm there. Wayne, Wayne I don care. Who Wayne you with? I'm down to die on my own hill. If I'm Drake, I can do the Super Bowl alone. No you can't. Yes I can. How? What do do you mean how I'm Drake? No, no, no. You have to be selected for that my nigga. I'm saying what you're saying for sure. So, I Amm on the Super Bowl list of people that can do this. So I don't know if Drake Today is willing to come out and cameo to Little Wayne. I don't know that that's an assumption for me.


If I'm Drake and I wanna do the Super Bowl, but I ain't getting a call, I probably inquired or whatever. But they, we know who's running the show behind the scenes. And if they not letting me do it, but my man is on here and my man fuck with me heavy and my man is loyal, I can get on here with my man. And I don't know that Drake don't have a beef with the Carters, That he don't have a beef. I don't know that. It's not tension there. I'm saying everywhere There is tension everywhere. Everywhere we turn here, I'm gonna assume that there is some type of tension. I'm Saying there is tension. I'm saying there is 100% tension with the Carters. I Go ahead, Lemme let say this. Even if Wayne didn't go, let's say I just wanted to put on for New Orleans.


We got 13 minutes. don don't necessarily have to go get Drake and Nikki. I could still bring features. I could still make it a New Orleans, Louisiana thing and get my 13 minutes off without the addition of Drake and Nikki, we just saw Essence Fest a couple months ago. It was a cash money reunion. And what did we come in here and talk about? How, what Wayne said, he not going if BG not going. No, no. Wayne, they did the reunion part and then it was a hot boys, big timers, all of them. And Wayne wasn't a part of that. Let them lead the stage. And then he came out and came out to do his solo thing. So y'all couldn't do Essence Fest together.


I'm supposed to believe y'all could do Super Bowl together. Super. No, but they Super Bowl is different. But Not just that. They, they, they planned something else after Essence Festival. After whatever they worked out. They still had a Yeah, they got, they got Louis, they got Wayne's Festival coming up and we'll see. But that's November. We'll see how that plays out. I can't speak to the future. I'm just talking about what happened. We saw y'all had the opportunity there to do that and you didn't do it. I don't necessarily know that the Super Bowl is gonna, That would happen To me. It's about impact and optics. Yeah. To me, So. I. I feel like Wayne is going to go above and beyond. So you talking about, I feel like when it comes to the Super Bowl, he's gonna amend whatever he has to amend just so it could, it can mean something. Personal feelings doesn't come into play when it's time for Super Bowl.


Sometimes it do. Who Wayne clearly has stood on business. Yes. Wayne's lawyers and and Rods for his people. Yeah. Which he showed to me. To me, this is no DI could see Wayne doing the same thing that Eminem did for the LA Super Bowl. And I'm saying that about, about Drake not knowing if he'll want to show up in cameo to Wayne. don don't know if Wayne want to share that spotlight with Drake at this point in his career. don don't know that. That's true. I don't know that Wayne. we Know for sure. We speculated Wayne As a legacy act today should have a checklist of things that he would like to do. And it should be seismic. The Super Bowl is one of them. There was already rumblings that it was something going on when they co headlined that shit and was doing like a versus tour.


Remember all this talking about that? Like Wayne Low Wayne versus Drake tour. Yeah. That that was a thing. I think that that's a thing that nobody is gonna talk about, but that's there. don don't know that. Ain't wanna share that stage with Drake. don don't know that It's possible. It is, it's Speculative. I'm being speculative of course here. But. yeah, no, but shit what I'm saying don't really got much to do with discography. And I'm with you on just Super Bowl ad dollars. If we put catalogs and music to the side, what have we seen from Wayne recently? That would make a board anoint him as the face and representative of black music at the biggest event of the year today.


What have we seen from Wayne? And that that that's The, the performances have not looked the greatest, but we're quiet about it because we love Wayne Wayne. No. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I I gotta push back there. 'cause I was on that side. The performance did, the performances were rough for a minute. I came in here and trashed his performances. It was the Amazon Prime show that he did completely sober. don don't know if that has something to do with it. 'cause Amazon was not allowing any type of anything there. And it was a great, but I'm, hold on, hold on Ice. He had a great performance. Ice. Great. You lose the, you lose the C-suite already. When. you have to say he was completely sober.


But it shows if he's sober, he can do that. I don't give a fuck what it shows. If you are sober, that's, That's just not just that Liability. If you're a board, if you're a board and it has to be a, if The fact that you have, you even have to consider It is, you know, massive question You. if you seen he could like again, and I went to his tour, I went to the Welcome to the Carter tour and he smoked that shit. You Said that. And I came in here, I was like, wow. All the shit that I talked about his performances, I walked it back because this was a different Wayne performing. It almost looks like he took this serious, some of them other shows, it looked like he wasn't taking 'em serious. They Were saying that Wayne wouldn't even show up for rehearsal. Somebody came out, I, I don't know if it was the Grammys or something.


Somebody came out and it was on Twitter saying that I worked with Wayne. We didn't even know like if he was gonna, he didn't show up for rehearsal. He was extremely difficult to work with on our end. And But that could be older. Like again, don don't know where. So all that shit does build up a reputation. These c All of these, All of these absolute situations. And maybe not in possibility. you right. Yeah. It takes a long time to rectify that. I'm just saying, I don't I don, I don't want to keep holding him to his performances. Look back, I understand because he's definitely improved in performance. Grammy's art director Sean Harrison speaks out and says, yeah, there you Go Grammy's. I've worked with Lil Wayne before for Grammy performance and personal feelings. That would be the biggest mistake ever.


Putting him as the headliner for the biggest performance of the year. The Super Bowl. He showed up to zero rehearsals. We didn't even think he would make the performance. Then last minute he was in the building and ran on stage for the performance. Ran off back into oblivion. LOL never even got to meet him after a week of rehearsals for a show. Kendrick Lamar is one of the greatest rap performers ever. And unapologetically black in his message. And it's during Black History month. It's going to be a spectacle. Well That was, that was the other thing that I was gonna say with Wayne. This is Black History Month We know where Wayne has stood. We know who side Wayne has stood on in terms of politics and all of that. Oh yeah, we've seen these pictures.


We've heard some of the statements he's made. And it could be those who are selecting the performer. We don't, they don't need that image right now. I didn't think about that too. I didn't think about that. That was, that was, that was a part of the discussion. A small part. Yeah. Oh yeah. No, they drawing everything in the speculative Gumbo. Yeah, pot. There's that. There's Wayne is a Republican and Trump, Trump, the, He said All Lives Matter Act is on stream talking about hov Reproached Drake for the title streaming thing. And that didn't work out. So now HOV Got it up for Drake. Pause. I don't, I Don't don don't subscribe to that Ho's done bad features for Drake. Then after, after that, after that, I don don't subscribe to that.


My man to pointed something out and he was just like, you know a lot of these hov pow POWs come from Drake. You worked on the Beyonce house album And then you did that album And, and did a house album and dropped it right before hers. And they ain't like that. Like I wouldn't like that if I'm them. I wouldn't. Because you gotta understand we dealing with the power part of money, power, respect. That's the part that we have to focus on. People with power are going to exert now. Like when this much is at at play. So yeah, I don't think they like that shit. I don't know what's behind it. But they ain't like that move that little house album after you worked on my shit? Hell no.


Oh, I also got a little bit of tea. What's it Spill it. come on now. Eh Eh, it's hot tea. Oh, we're ready. I'm sure you are. You got, you got The straw, you put a little more water. come on down. Team. I mean Cam and them kind of alluded to there being some behind the, something behind the scenes at play between the parties involved. And don don't know if I got the same tea as him, but I'm hearing that there was an event where something happened backstage that Yeah, Between whom I, I can't say, I can't say.


'cause the T is too hot. Something happened backstage at one of them shows. Put some milk in it, nigga. I can't, I can't. That's the salt. So put something different. come on. You gotta get It is some No, because it's, it's the hottest of teas. Oh, okay. It's the hottest of You Can't cool it down. It is the scorch. Right. Got it Got it. There's no way you New edition that one Got it novelty. You can't but the, but these things are at play. Like, can you say what not who, but What happened was there argument, a disagreement? There was something that went on backstage. That would affect the decision making and makers of events like this. And it just contributes to the reputation that Wayne has for being inconsistent.


I don don't know if he has that. I don't know if he has that reputation. Well, I mean we were we just what you just read, talking about the fact he didn't show up to any rehearsals. The fact that they can Can't, well that's one person's account. I don't wanna make that broad stroke. That's right. That's one person's Account. I mean, but that's, but the Grammy's is a really big deal. So the fact that we're talking about the Super Bowl, we're talking about big stages. And if you have, you know, even the smallest reputation of being inconsistent where people aren't gonna know how you're going to show up. If you're going to show up, the music Business is very small and at this level, It is tiny. Yes. These mega, mega huge corporate, they events, they talk. This is a very fucking small circle. Yes. So if any type of reputation is out there, it ain't gonna bo well for you. Right. And I want to preface this, I want to preface everything I say with, pardon me.


I wanna preface everything I say with, I'm upset that we announced a black hip hop halftime performer and we just muddy the water with who we think should have been. Yeah. Who y'all think should have been the black performers. Some of y'all out there It is y'all young kids that got platforms now. Y'all wasn't even alive for the a hundred years of Kid Rock and Guns N Roses, the, the hoop and Bruce Springsteen. Like y'all wasn't there. Yeah. This could have easily been Katy Perry or fucking Yes. Whoever we Thought it was gonna be Taylor or all This shit. We all was thinking Taylor. Anyway, so this is a win. Yeah.


So I really hate that. Huge. I'm super happy for Kendrick. And it's unfortunate that his mo Kendrick loves Wayne. Like Nick said that, and we'll get to Nick's brand later. But Kendrick loves Wayne. Like Kendrick is a hip hop guy. I'm sure He ain to see that commotion. It's just unfortunate because we, we, we know or we could assume that Wayne wanted this gig. There's an interview, there's a Couple of 'em where he, he was saying that he, he wanted to do this. He wanted to work towards giving them no option but to hire him for the gig. He wanted this. Yeah, but you know what? Oh man. I mean, I mean if y'all are the, if y'all are the advertisers and the investors with all of the money, y'all don't give a fuck about where the Super Bowl is.


If you have to make your pick between Kendrick, who for whatever reason had the hottest year on earth with the number one record and It is just culturally relevant Right this second versus Kim, One of the biggest ears by a rapper. Ever, ever And s ever squeaky Clean. Yes. Yeah. That's important. And and don't drink, don't smoke. That's what I'm saying. Like, and if you needed to see what this would look like, that Juneteenth show was enough. Right. That's true. That is, That is arguably the greatest show I've ever seen Streaming. Yes, yes. I've never seen nothing like that streaming. Yes. So you ain't even gotta be a fan of him. But wow, what a great representative. If you looking to do hip hop at the Super Bowl, he smoked that shit also.


Y'all are silly to believe that the people that are with the power and the money, power respect the power part of that. If y'all, their due diligence is different. They have spent years looking at potential performers for this date. If you got a parking ticket on Saturday morning, they know about it. If you forget the words to your show, they know about it. If you walking around just not looking the best, they know about it and they judge. That's some ground level shit talking about the Oh God said don't judge dumb niggas is judging. Yeah, no, that's a fact. It's true.


That's true. It's too much money at play and all of that to decide High take. I don't think Wayne is healthy enough to do the Super Bowl. Nah, I, You know how much ground That is to cover. This ain't the stage B, this ain't the stage. No, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta set the stage but It can't get healthier and nigga you gotta move around with them thousand dancers. You not Rihanna and pregnant, you have to get out there and do something. It's only but so much fireballs and Smoke they could put up there. Kendrick went out there for 90 seconds two years ago and brought the whole army and did the militant, the mailboxes. Yeah. come on, stop playing with me man. You have to be a showman. You have to go out there and be healthy enough.


I'm saying this, it's some, I don't think I'm healthy enough to do it. When Justin did it Justin Timberlake, I was like god damn. Like a lot of energy. It's just a lot of energy. It is tough. Y'all ain't seen Wayne look like that. Nowhere. Not nowhere. Yeah. In in the, in the resume of shit they're looking at too is the production values at your shows that you do and Kendrick's out there in fucking ninja suits and glass boxes doing all types of wild shit shows crazy. There's a, there's a very small list of people that do it at this level anyway in their free time. That's true. I think. And A couple of them ain't gonna get Picked. I think, I just think from a hip hop perspective, he was the most logical rational pick. Of course. Yes. I think that was the most, the year that he's had is incredible.


My Kendrick. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. What they saying about Wayne is how I felt about Kendrick. I seen that news break and went to go set my fantasy lineup. Didn't think nothing of it. I can't believe the internet has been ablaze like this for days. The worst hot takes Now. Well you know why? Well now wait now 'cause I don't wanna shit on it. I loved it. It felt like oh nine Twitter again. Yeah, I did like that. I like everybody shooting at somebody that fire me. It was Crazy. It was crazy. B but I just war. But I just could not, I just felt like Kendrick was a, when they, when they take that to the board, that gets the fastest approval.


One thing that this actually helps him, one thing that stuck out to me though is that it was hip hop against the fans though. It to me it looked like hip hop was more on Wayne should be there. The people from hip hop rappers, singers, whomever was like, nah, Lil Wayne should be there against Stan because Wayne should have his Kobe Bryant in the last year send off. But we can't send him off because he won't go. He won't retire. He's still active and he's still one of the best killing shit. So he can't get that sendoff. So he's still here. It's in a weird, he's in a weird spot. It's almost like, it's like purgatory. It's almost like the team That is too good to get a, a high draft pick but not good enough to win the chip to, to win the chip.


It's a tough spot to be in. And totally aside from that, what was telling to me, I'll be honest with you, what was telling to me was the engineer. Oh Fabian, Let me pull up what he said. Let me find it. I have to find what he said. He Also manages well He's also the manager now. And salute to that. Not salute to that. Not salute. Yeah, absolutely. That's your man. So You can do it. I'm not salute that at all. Me neither. Now When I. I find what he said. Let me find it first. Ya. Yeah. Why? Why? Why do you say Salute to him? Oh, I'm just saying for being a long time mixed engineer for, for Wayne to moving on to also managing him. It is great for him career wise. He needs as a mixed engineer.


Ute. Yes. Okay, I'll salute to that. Yeah. All right. Fabian, the engineer slash manager says, confused, disappointed, angry, but most of all inspired, we'll never again be in the position or have the goat in a position where we are at the mercy of someone else's decision. We will make the decisions. I like it. I like all that. It's the worst thing that could possibly happen. Why? Tell me more. Or I can start by saying what I do like about it. What mostly inspired and it sounds like we're gonna work harder so we can make this To make an undermine.


No one has to make a decision. Sure. It's two Ways. And you want your manager slash or engineer for that matter to go up for you like this. There's two ways You can take that though. Please. Like a stance of defiance. Meaning I don't, we don't need you guys. Like we don't, to me When. I first read It is like we don't need the Super Bowl. We not gonna allow them to dictate our work. dic Yeah. Dictate our work. That's how I took it initially. And until you said what you said, I took it like that. Like yo, fuck that. We don't need that. Anyway. You would Want your manager to go for you like this. I agree. I would. But Only thing I ain't like was the angry For certain topics. I am on the total opposite side of this and I'm, and I'm with the debate. I didn't Like the angry part.


I don't like it 'cause it's It is you think this helps you get in the Super Bowl or something later on? I don't think it hurts. Hurts Nor helps. I think it hurts. Why? I think, I think you coming off as bitter. Yeah. Yeah. Like I don this is, it's, it's not unprofessional. So It is un It is de It is 100% unprofessional. At this level. Yeah. At at this level. We don't know when Jay-Z is unhappy, we don't know when anybody at that level behind the scenes is unhappy. We don't. They just go away, sit in their room, be unhappy or deal with it behind the scenes. One, two, even if you have the right to do this, you're doing this during our rollout.


If I'm the Super Bowl I just announced and now there's commotion. Anything that could step on where we need their attention to be is an interruption and a distraction. That's how they're looking at it. Three you not nobody. And that's a problem because Wayne and the brand That is Wayne. And how we know and love Wayne for the business that we assume to be being done at the level of Wayne respectfully, not only do the, the people back there don't view the engineer dude as that they know you. They know your background. They got a foul cabinet on you.


They not looking at you like that. They don't think you built like that. And this further proves that you not built like that. Wayne should not be spoken for today on a topic like this from him. Now no That is a behind the scenes matter at this level. One, two, where's everybody else? If Fabian is the manager now, then where's everybody else that we know? Wayne has been here for 25 years. Over 25 years. we know some of the people that have done the business of Wayne when Wayne was at his greatest.


This is not megastar behavior, this is our level shit. This is Ian. Go get mad and tweet some shit. And I get mad at that nigga put the phone down. Yeah, you do put the phone down. Fuck is you talking about? Don't nobody need to know nothing. But where are all the people that we associate with Wayne? Where they at? That's what stood that Stood those people right away. We've never heard a real word from when shit was good or bad, but we associate the good with them. Those people are not around. Why are those people not around? That's That's the first thing that jumped out. I was like, who is this? Why is saying A c and d nigga The ho Russian snatch guru phone?


Well maybe he wouldn't guru be getting some of This shit off. Yeah, he guru Gu would be cooking. Yeah. But Gu is not just an engineer also. And He wouldn't cook. He wouldn't do that. He would never do this. He would never do this. Never. He would never do never. This is the first thing that let me know. Shit was fucked up. The engineer Oh Shit, He's the man. He's the, but he's the Managing now guy. Whoop. Great, great. That Looks a little wild. I'm sorry to say from a manager's point of view, from, is it the brand of Lil Wayne? Your engineer is now your manager out And talking during the superb No dog. That's not n no, not now. Not now. But Wayne could have just got, okay wait, it an you say there, there there's some il within circle within the Camp Circle.


I'm not saying that, I'm saying that the people we know to handle Lil Wayne, his Names We know that's been handling Wayne since, but they, they probably not there. Him But. yeah. We also, we've also heard the disgruntled shit about how niggas was mistreating him and handling his business. Yeah. He prob he probably got rid of that. So we moved away from that to over here to an unprofessional manager. That's your opinion. We know, unprofessional. That's not, not, that's not opinion. That is Unprofessional. This is a this is a mistake. Him, this is the wrong move. Him Speaking from emotional, it has nothing to do with his professionalism. Yes it does. It yes it does. Yes it does. But being emotion, yes. Yes. You have to check your emotions. Business, especially this level. That's not that bad. Okay. That's not that bad to me.


I I don't like the angry part because if you angry then that means that you're angry that Kendrick got selected. So I think he could have kept the angry part to himself, but the disappointing and the rest, it could be angry that we didn't get selected. I know. You don't have to be angry that Kendrick did just angry. We didn't, they weren't the same to me. But I think everything else he said was, wasn't it? I, I took the inspiration piece as, alright cool. Our number didn't get pulled today we gotta bust our ass to make sure our number get pulled. Nigga Didn't go do it and put the phone down. But look, Go Do it with the Phone. Like Joe said, if I'm the Super Bowl or if I'm, I'm whoever, ROC Nation, NFL, whoever behind this, this is our announcement. We got you over here ba your representative basically online throwing a tantrum over it that don't help us to wanna pick you next year.


That don't look like a tantrum to me. I think you don't say nothing. Don't step on that. You trying to do business with us. Yeah, we ain't trying to semantic it out. Maybe it's not a tantrum. You're right. But I don't think it was the best move in the position. And it don't make Wayne look like he's represented the best to accomplish some of the shit he would like to accomplish now. Like a Super Bowl. It's only but so much. That should be left on his checklist. He's done it. Yeah, he's won it. He's made it. He's lived it. He did it. Everything. It should be a couple things left. That's just really hard to get done. Again, I'm mad that we have to talk about Wayne, but I mean this Because I I I'm still on the assassin.


That is Kendrick What a year? Yeah. Yeah. Like I'm on that. What a fucking clinic in battling too. Jesus. Oh my God. Yo. They put up the screenshot with just the last four tweets. Yeah. Being the three disc tracks and a Super Bowl announcement. Even the announcement Come on. Even what he Said in the announcement. He still like, yo, That's why I love Kendrick. I told, I told y'all. I Told y'all Why why what benefit Is it to him, him to hit around too? Absolutely none. He said Why would Kendrick be wanting to jump back in the, the Fray? Yo shit is fucked up. When, you gotta use Fray Fray.


come on man. And back to that announcement. Where's the original for the announcement? Because this nigga is cynical. Here we go. Here we go. Look at this guy Man. Oh you taking the pat Shit. All this stuff you heard about America not wanting to fight, wanting to stay out of the war. Is he a mad man? There's a lot Of horsepower. Yes. Americans traditionally love to fight. All real Americans love the sting of battle and When. you were Kids and this is the general dude standing in front of the big flag. This is what Kendrick reenacted from Pat and Marble movie Pat, fastest runner, big league ball players the toughest boxers.


Americans love a winner and will not tolerate a loser. Americans play to win all the time. I wouldn't give a hoo in hell for a man lost and laugh. That's why Americans have never lost and will never lose a war. Oh that's dope. Canadian American. Yes. I never, I didn't even hear that shit though. What is, He's sick in the head and needs a lot of help. Yeah, you need leave. Is he already conceded though man? Like why you keep Kendrick is crazy. Son. Who conceded?


I feel Drake did. He said he didn't. No he didn't. No he didn't. He Run it back Un conceded When the un conceded. He Said he won. Run it back. Yeah. He said game two is gonna go whatever the fuck that was. Did He Right. There was man wrote that. He wrote that Shit. Ain't that, does Drake watch the Super Bowl? Come on, stop it. He dead. Probably not This year. He gonna be there. I'm just trying to picture February. All of us is gonna be in a packed living room somewhere. We not gonna be alone. Good food. We be, They, we gonna, It is gonna be girls there that don't even know nothing about the football. They Gonna be there in 3D nigga. Nigga, some of us gonna be watching on. We got big screens, Big couches. Big couches. Yeah. Like picture the scene.


Yeah. You gonna hang the coats up. It's gonna be a little cold. They gonna hang coats up. Hoses gonna get cold. Some niggas just gonna throw the coat over your shit. They'll disrespect it. Shit. Yeah, It's in the guest room. It's in the pile on the bed. you know where It is put on The bed? Yeah. Somebody little cousin gonna go back there steal from one of your guests. The pocket. Yeah. That's crazy. That's nasty. What I'm saying. That's the scene in February. And that's the thing about some of this little Wayne outrage. Y'all are watching Super Bowl for sure. They gonna watch. They hate watching them, huh? Believe that you gonna grab the remote and turn the volume up. All This shit, by the way is just leading into why Kendrick was the right pick. All this outrage and all that shit is just more traction and talk about the Super Bowl, which is more Advertising.


Yeah, that's which Is what they want. That's why I'm like, Joe said it fucked up the rollout. I'm like not even little it, I think it added to the rollout did Absolutely. It made it more about Wayne Than Kendrick. I understand what he's saying. Still bringing attention to the Super Bowl and the performance. But it's taken away from Kenrick the people, Not really the people that spent month months figuring out a rollout and spending the money to fucking the market. This thing. Don't wanna see nothing about Wayne. I agree. Now it may be, you're right, It is probably helpful right now. Yeah. But the people that did it, they ain't looking at it like that Until they get the little data research back impressions and all that shit. Then they're going like, okay, I guess Oh Shit It's Well that's my problem. I need Kendrick's name more.


Even in the, in the convo. This has turned into a Wayne conversation. Y'all niggas don't be even get Carter three anniversary performances. Don't beat me down now about how y'all just begging to see, come on yo dog. I was in Indianapolis like, yo, what the fuck are we doing on the internet? Yo, are we just hoot nannying? Yeah we just hoot because if you just acknowledge that that's what we doing because we ain't doing shit else. Fuck it. September let's just hoo nanny again, then I'm down with that fa people. But if y'all dead ass about this, y'all cannot be dead ass about this dead. Not dead ass. You cannot be dead ass about people Was just arguing from emotion.


They wasn't thinking it was just pure emotion y'all it should have been this. Alright, now tell me why. Because he from New Orleans. Right? Alright, but keep going. But do you think that everybody who's saying it should have been Wayne think that It is that Kendrick is undeserving of this? No. Well there's also the underlying, No I think they're saying it should have been Wayne and anybody other than Wayne is wrong. No, I think they're a little extra mad because It is Kendrick. But well of course They're Mad. Well because of the Ties, because of here that that part, that's the other conversation in there. And why is that? I'm sorry? Why is Jay-Z getting all of this? Yeah, I was just about to say that. Why is hope? Yo y'all the man. I didn't even think today was like a grab my whole avenger cape type of day.


But I'll get it. I store them shits down here, all different colors. I gotta defend Hove today. Why? Why? Because ultimately people look at this as his suggestion and decision. That's why That's Yeah. And in and in fairness to that, great. In fairness to that mentality, he does get a lot of credit for bringing black culture to the Super Bowl over the last five years since he got the gig with the NFL. So to take black Culture is going to the Super Bowl. But I'm saying in terms of the Super Bowl halftime performances, he gets credit for that. So he is going to get the, When he mad he gotta catch the side too. So this is the point. We champion Kendrick Lamar all year.


He's black excellence. Right. Nobody's I agree with. I'm just giving Nobody's denying that he's black excellence in the world. Now we're we're Agreeing. Oh wait. But it's even bigger than that. He's right. Not only is no one denying that the industry is waiting to Crown Kendrick, they've been waiting all year to let him know what, how he has been received for the year. Damn, I got some more T don don't wanna spill it 'cause I'm trying to pull a little Grammy move. But y'all know the t actually y'all know the Tee When I went to la. Yeah. Y'all know what happened. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They're waiting, they're lined up to give to give him that moment.


The Grammys is in February. They are giving right after the Super Bowl. They are giving him that moment. Hey fucking stupid Me was gonna come in here a week or two ago and echo some whack 100 shit. And be like, did Kendrick drop the ball? Did Kendrick wait too long? Hey, I'm So glad I stayed quiet. I told you belt. I'm glad you didn't do that. I know the fuck you was. I'm glad you didn't do that dumb shit. Well you haven't been here. Topics have been. It's been It is aint stop. Stop dead ass. Listen, don't nobody know when we come in here, the topics ain't really giving us what they need. You gotta pull a rabbit, you gotta make shit up. Did Kendrick drop the ball you guys? I Got it. I was ready to do it. To pull up the greatness.


I'm so glad I didn't do that. I'm glad. I'm glad that didn't happen. Kendrick, the Grammys is coming. Kendrick perfectly timed this thing of Ma Jiggy here. Super Bowl. The snippet that we never heard from. I expect some music to be coming. Oh for sure. I expect a tour to be coming. This is coming. I Be, he perfectly timed a watch. I wouldn't be shocked if he dropped the album in November. No, no. November I was gonna no, February, February album dropped in February. Oh Shit did he doing the same thing? Did the Super Bowl, he doing the same thing. Usher did. Hey, I'm walking off the stage and the album's available. Yeah, they just made Usher go perform in Vegas for two years leading up to this thing.


So we could see it back to their due diligence. They going to do it Kendrick album that we thought was dropping some bullshit. 'cause we don't know shit. August 8th It is coming in February. Yeah, we are dumb as hell. Right? No people thought that. Yeah, but all of us are dumb. Okay, let's just, all, all of us are dumb. Okay, we'll take it. Kendrick has proven time and time again that when he gets quiet y'all should get scared. King said Kendrick is the nigga that disappears when the bus passes. That is the perfect description of who we are dealing with Super Bowl February while you with your cousins Nana nieces, nephews the hoes. Yeah, the niggas the dope dealer niggas because you gonna have some illegal niggas over in your living room.


Damn Sir. No, It is, they're not gonna be all the way legit house full of contractors. Wait, no, no, no. It is not. It's gonna be some man's in a dice game. Yeah, some wins. Well wait, you know, contract. What illegals we talking No mind, go ahead. But that's, but that's, but that's all I'm saying. That album is coming then I think Kendrick hate Drake so much that he's trying to hibernate that nigga into oblivion. Yeah, I think he's trying to hibernate him. That was the move the whole time though. I know, I know. And we didn't see it. We didn't see nobody. That was the move the entire time. He trying to make him saying the word. Yeah. He trying to put him into 2026. Get him outta here. When do you guys think the conversation started to happen between Kendrick's team and like Hove or whatever, you know, the corporation of the Super Bowl.


That's the other thing about Wayne and Mike Rubin and that fanatics White party shit. It is some shit going on. I went, oh my God. It is shit going on. I want to tell everybody's business. I know more than I'm saying. I'm just saying everybody's mad at Wayne. Wayne was just with HOV at the Jacob Javit Center at the thing of Ma Jy a couple weeks ago. He was 40, 40 joint. 40 40. Wayne was just at the table when they was doing the Gods did shit. Wayne has been around HOV now. We don't know if he was positioning himself, but HOV has paid for the thing of Jigy.


Let's see, Jay-Z and Michael Rubin hosts $250,000 blackjack event in Atlantic City to launch fanatic sports book. The money at play is so much larger than we're talking about. Yeah. Like we having like cool hip hop discussions. It's the wrong talk. This ain't that. It's the wrong, it's that at all. This is not, not that talk. Anytime you hear the words sports and book together. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Not before my ad actually. Yeah. Let me get my ad talk. Let's get ready To No, no, yeah. It is coming.


It's coming. But I'm gonna get away from the sports book shit. I'm just saying fucking don don't know if Wayne was positioning himself or playing the game at that point. I think he genuinely fucked with him. Yeah, I I I also heard, remember he, I also heard that Drake and and Kendrick had a talk before any Disc record was released. I don't know if that's true or not, but I heard they spoke. I can see it. Did you hear how the, how the conversation went? Yeah. It went like the Teddy Pendergrass part of the, of the shit. Hey, how do you want this to go? You want what we doing?


Are we rapping? Okay then let's keep it. And he didn't keep it up. So when he told him that a bunch of times Yeah we I know that's why's not even like real. Yeah, he told him that a bunch of times. It's only T because to say it to him on the phone, like I know what that's like, like as When you about to fucking tear nigga. Lemme call and make sure first, Hey man, you want, we doing it for real. You did ass. Oh my god. Yo. You know I'm a all Right, this has been the brightest spot of the year for me. All of this kerfuffle and I like it. I do. It's hard not to because everybody really hates each other. All like od everybody hates each other. And if you not getting that right now, then you missing out on Days of Our Lives.


All my children General Hospital, the best of the So powers. See The thing is I really don't think that there's animosity between Wayne and Ho. I don't think it Oh no, Don't think so either. No. No. I don't think that Zero I don. I don't think that I think that don don't think that. I think don Don't think that. Like I said, I just think it's, people know who Wayne is and the type of loyal person he is. We not even putting him in a position to make that move that Eminem made in LA Drake. Why would you not doing it? Would you Fuck Jack's girl or Jack's ex or whoever That is, I only know this 'cause Aiden Ross got on the stream and talked to academics and said, ah, I drink my Jack's girl and yada yada yada.


I heard that shit was like of all the girls to fuck you. Fuck Jack's girl. You can keep that Peter in your face. He can't keep it open fucking inside. Yo. What do you think the draw the draw waistband on the boxer breeds? It's for, it's for When. you want to fuck the wrong nigga's girl. Y'all would fuck Jack's girl. You know who Jack's girl is? It is Jack. No. Okay. Yeah, but I wouldn't fuck Jack's girl or his ex girl and he's taking the long walks in the morning with Hove and Tata.


I'm not fucking nobody girl in that crew. You're gonna need to talk to that crew at some point or not, but be down with with what you do. Niggas just be horny son. That's what It is. Niggas be horny Man, so you don't have to fuck everybody's girl. I was gonna say, you don't horny just makes you I don. I hate to have to come in here and tell you You don't have to fuck everybody's girl, but niggas be horny and we gotta hold both parties accountable. But we ain't get into that because Drake seems like a a a serial girl fucker. Nice. It's gonna Get you in prob in some problems at some point. True. Hey man, Y'all know how I look at it. Both parties, nigga, you and her. Yep. Both responsible Drake is He not taking it?


Drake is in a tough spot, boy, I'm not gonna lie to you. And why are not thinking about why my bitch always wanna fuck Drake. Why niggas ain't thinking that? Let me not bring my bitch around this nigga. 'cause they gonna end up wanting to fuck this nigga later on. 'cause obviously he be extra nice. I heard how Hey. Yeah, I'm about to say that's stupid. Why? That's stupid. That's a real bad argument. I hate that argument. That's nasty. Not a bad argument. It's A horrible argument. It's not a bad argument at all. I don. That's a bad argument. Even. I know y'all don't. That's why Jersey Plants de seed Joe. you know them niggas that be extra nice, extra friendly. Extra friendly. Yo Y'all wanna tell the truth right now? Absolutely. come on, let's talk for a little bit and then I'll get to my, because I do have, I do have something. Thousand percent. Let's do it. Chicks will fuck a bunch of niggas. True. Yes.


A bunch of niggas have that toolbox that are, is unbeknownst to women. And if they go in their toolbox, it's effective. True. Yes. Why are you consistently going in that toolbox when certain people are bringing the girls around? Y'all? We, we in agreeance that girls is fucking, that ain't what my argument is. Why is your toolbox in every room with you? To me it's like, it's a power play. It's ego. It's ma it's That is what It is huge ego and it's a power play. It's not about it's not about the girl at all. And it's not about what? It's not about The drugs. She made a decision man. No, it has to do and Women. So you trying to Say no, it has to do with that Motherfucker.


Women have self do women have SelfControl? I'm not talking about, I'm not, why is she going to me? I'm not talking about her I think that it has more to, why is She going? You didn't just say why she going I'm Saying you making no, no, no. Making it seem like it has nothing to do with the girl. She still gotta go and get fucked. Exactly. The con it's the consistency is he keeps fucking his boys girls or ex girls, somebody that they had a relationship and They keep giving it up. They keep giving the Pussy up. That's not The point. To me, that's not the point. That's Not the point. It's not the point. So we not Giving women the power that they deserve saying that her body, her choice, Her body, her choice. You taking that Way? No, it's not. That's not the conversation. That is the conversation. I Wanna argue my argument and I don. I don't wanna move it either. I want you to finish so that we Can speak from Listen, there's nothing for me to finish with you.


You hit me a couple weeks ago and was like, nigga, if we was in this spot on our shit, you know what would happen? So. I don't have nothing to say to you because you understand exactly what I'm saying. I do with that Toolbox. I do. You don't Walk in every room with room with your toolbox. No, I agree. No you don't. I don't because I'm in a relationship. One if I'm single walking in there like Batman with my belt, that's cat. That's cat, that's cat, that's cat. That's talking cap nigga. But that's cap. That's not cap. Pause right now I'm not at 48 years old, you would have discernment on When. you pulled that two box out. Thank you. True. Listen to what I'm telling you. If It's true, then I not, I let you rock. I want rock. I'm letting You, I'm just pointing out that acknowledge That part Is true. Then what you previously said cannot Be.


That's not true. What I said is When I walk in the room. If I'm single, I'm coming in with my Batman belt on. Now if I pull my Batman boomerang out for this chick, I might not pull it out for that chick. But I'm equipped. So now when this chick that has a nigga starts giving me rhythm and I think that I like the chick back, it's up to me whether I want to go or not ice. Let me iceo with him real quick. Please don't jump in. I Every girl might Not I don have Newark boy talk. You get what I'm saying? All right, let's get back to it though. Sure. Let's get back to it. 'cause I understand your perspective, but I do think you, pardon? Let me try to paint a different picture. At our celebrity monopoly games we used to go to, I'm gonna assume everybody in there had somebody.


Oh yeah, I, I Don't remember everybody. Keep going. Me Neither. Keep Going, keep going, keep going. Because of your respect level for the people that we were in the room with, I do not think that you would pull that toolbox out in that room. I don't believe that. Maybe, maybe not. It's cont I Think there's a few rooms like that. There's some rooms that you right gonna walk in now. I think It is advantageous for you professionally. I see what you saying To where I hear you. Even if you know You can pop this nigga's girl, you not gonna pop this nigga's girl. Hey actually you gonna do the opposite nigga. You gonna throw your toolbox in the ocean. Yo chill. Yo chill. Actually I've heard you Say that. I know. Listen to what? Chill bro. You not listening to what I'm saying. What I'm saying is you are gonna use your own discernment on whether she's gonna get popped or not.


He has no discernment for me. I'm talking about for me, you ask me, I'm a, I'm a respect. I'm gonna speak on myself. Yo, I can't say that Drake don't got discernment. He might have wanted to fuck shorty. He might not respect the same nigga the way Joe button respects him. He might not. For me, I look at a nigga, if I hold the conversation with you, and I've said this a million times up here, I'm not gonna pop your chick. But if we high by your chick, It is chicken grease. If I'm gonna high by you and I like your girl, your girl's giving me rhythm. Put it in a fryer. She's copped. Yeah. So y'all hold these niggas at a certain level. Drake might not hold them same people at the same level that we holding them. He might not say, y'all don don't need you for discussing no business later on. Nigga I'm a billionaire myself in my own right.


Fuck you. Don't you think that That would could potentially be An issue? Yes, but I think it's an issue that he's prepared to deal with the same way if you fuck a bum nigga's girl that could potentially present an issue too. Did you know It kind of looks like that's what he's dealing with right now. What We talk about bum nigga kill you over they wife or over their girlfriend Sand. Right? So now When you fuck that nigga's girl. Fuck that. He don't got billion dollars. He got a gun. True. And a temper. There you go. And so we use the discernment for that too. I think he don't give a fuck if he fucked your chick. And That's the broke, the broke nigga didn't get the Met gala invite. I know, but the broke nigga got a dirty ass 38 and you fucking girl. That means the world To him. Right across street in the minivan right there, right across street in the minivan. The broke niggas time at the win is not the same experience as the nigga that's behind the, they have special barriers up to keep them niggas away from you broke niggas that'll kill niggas for fucking Your bitch.


Hey yo, niggas use discernment. I seen gang, I seen gangster niggas people use saying like, I ain't she giving me rhythm but I know how you give it up and find out. I know how to play and it's gonna be a war. So I'm gonna use discernment. So, so people do use discernment thousand percent, but at the same time when it comes to this Drake shit, we have to hold the women accountable as well. Listen, I feel like it's a, I feel like it's always a double. I feel like nobody holds the women accountable. You're just making it seem like this nigga going and taking It has nothing to do with that. A pussy. How Now, how you say all the time? My my body? No, because it has nothing to do with that. What it has to do with the dynamic between you and your man's. And it's consistently, who's saying That's his man Who's saying it's his friend, But why does he have the reputation of fucking everybody's fucking girl fucking because he fucking you nigga.


Okay, so that's the point that every, why does it look like all of a sudden everybody is anti-rape? Because you can't trust the nigga. It if, if he's outta your fucking eyesight to not fuck your bitch, Your bitch shouldn't fuck him. Okay nigga what? We talk Mel. If You, I know you don't wanna get on that motherfucker. Listen, Mel, why'd you bring the scale over Melyssa Ford? We, If you are in a tangent, but I will allow for You Are, you are in a relationship. You are in a relationship with any man. I don't care what his status level is. If you love that man, you should be able to go into a room with the Assassins Facts and come home to your man. Talk about untouched facts. Stop. In The event that that does not happen, your man has the right to look at both party shady.


Right? No Got it. Yes, I disagree. Yes, I know you do. If It ain't my friend and I and that dude ain't my friend, he don't owe me a motherfucking thing. Facts. It's you call everybody your friend. No, I do not. Alright, I'm done with you. And I'm going to say that you're absolutely right You. if you have a girl and she walks into a room full of fucking assassins and snipers and shit, you should believe that your girl is not gonna fuck any of 'em. I I agree with you on that point. But for me, and I think Joe's point is the conversation is more about Drake not honoring the dynamic between The cold, the Cold, fucking cold. Yeah. And that's the part keeping fucking cold. Yo, hold up in your scenario. Wait in your scenario and then we can move on. What's The cold?


Can I talk in your scenario and then we can move on. Homie. Don't even have to be mad that Drake fucked Homie could be under the ideology that yo the streets is the streets. I don't care about niggas fucking the girl. I care that you went out of your way to try to do it. Knowing how we was giving it up and that's it. We off on a tangent. This ain't really about Drake and who he fucking, I just think it was funny that Jack is not letting it go. Jack ain't letting it go and Jack clearly has some power in Pull somewhere and it's affecting him so Well you gotta live with him. You made your bed. You gotta lie. You gotta live with Pun intended. I'm with you. I'm with you. But I think a lot of these niggas who we hype up because their brands are hype up.


What they doing out there? It don't match. It don't match. They don't match at all. Got you. What you mean Prospects?


Prospects PrizePicks. Yeah. And thank God for PrizePicks. I'm, I said I was past my Drake quota for the year and somehow y'all found a way to get me to talk about Drake fucking other people's girls. I just wouldn't have fuck Jack's Girl. I kind of feel like you brought That up. No, I just had a question. Why would you fuck Jack's girl. Y'all really unpacked it. Y'all really unpacked it Boy. What? I know why you feel like you filled up. Go the prospects. I know Why you feel, why you back in the face? I know why you feel like you feel my boy? You know deep down Huh? My boy No deep down Sniper King nigga. The sniper King. I'm on him on Patreon nigga. Nigga I'm gonna crack his head. Only one of y'all made a song. I couldn't help it. you know that right? Ooh, I forgot Oh Shit thought man. Who Thoughts? He got his shit back at 21 years old. I might fuck your girl. I'm bam. I'm at 21. I might fuck your girl. I might lack the discernment to not fuck your girl at 2131. You weren 21 Probably When I nigga. When I was 22 when that happened. 22 my first time in Miami I was offered a threesome. I took it. I know too. Oh Shit Vegas. Look, look. Fuck s up prize fans. Yeah What's up? I seen Pat McAfee at the Colts game. Yeah. What's up Prize fans. I was there. Pat McAfee, tie Dye Blue Sleeveless hoodie on next to Tyree Halliburton. Good ass section. Boof with the TVs all in it. Yeah, I was ice grilling. What's up nigga? Yeah, JBP up in his piece. What's up? Say something. He ain't look at me. Damn he ain't look my way. I told I'm 3% famous in Indianapolis. Wow. Red State. Red State in Indianapolis. Well shit, I'd be beginning Texas a red state. We get fooled 'cause Houston and Turkey Lake Hu make a couple turns. Yeah. Dark red yo. You don't remember Texas It is fucking a red state until your Oh come on man. What the fuck is wrong with you? Not me. Somebody else. Go ahead man. Prospect, get ourselves on that pan bus. Hey that's When. you hit that beat 14 hour drive ain't gonna hurt you. How about that Greyhound? That's the amt. They Got it down and bitches. Oh. Oh my God. No. What the fuck It ain't just push gifts. Save yourself PrizePicks write it down. Little cranberry juice. All talk about favorite part. Alright. You already know what time It is. Yo, look at Fox. Right. Your shit that much. I'm gonna get fired. Oh man, I definitely gonna get fired. Okay, so Pride Fix. You already know what time It is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Super easy and simple to play. And if you got a television, you might have seen me doing a chest bump in the commercial. The national ad campaign, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Don't get quiet. Talk to them. Don't get quiet. Don't get quiet. Ain't seen them out them. Now listen, all you have to do is select two or more players look at their projected stat line and pick more or less on what you think they're gonna do. They also have season long games. So I'm going with Patrick Mahomes for more than 4,300 pass yards. Aaron Rogers for more than 37 thou. 3,700 pass yards after the other, the game the other night. I'm not so sure about that. And Tyreek Hill for more than 1300 receiving yards. Saquon Barkley for more than 10, 1050 Rush yards I think. I think that's safe. I think that that's safe. If you sign up today, you get $50 instantly. When, you play $5 and you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It is Garron TE one Caleb Williams passing yard gets you one win on PrizePicks every week. Sep in September. And it's a good thing 'cause he might only have one passing yard all of September. Boy did he look like shit out there. That's right. Only one yard gets you an automatic win every football week and in September That is four weeks of free. W So do not miss out on this deal with PrizePicks because It is gone when September ends and September is moving fast. Sure. Don't forget to use the promo code JBP and run your game.


Now I am getting back to the Super Bowl shenanigans and part of me is excited and may want to do it with our guest. I ain't gonna find now she got a lot of people here. This is a big budget. What? There's some really important people. I thought that the music industry just laid everybody off. They work for her. No, she hired them all. They all work for her. I know. Hey, I thought all you niggas was unemployed now. No, but they with our guests ladies and gentlemen, we are honored and privileged to have make some noise for Doshi. Yes.


Yes. Big Doshi in the building. Hi. I did not attribute this size budget to you. Yeah, She's doing It big. We still on that Doshi. You came in here like you were supposed to come in here period. Yeah, no. Yeah. No, you did it right. You did it right. Yeah. How are you? I'm Doing Good. Good. Yeah, I'm, I'm glad. How are you feeling? come on. I feel good. I know you feel, you gotta feel different with how people are receiving the project. Alligator Bites Never Heal. Yeah. No, I do feel a little different. I do. I feel good. you know, I feel like I'm supposed to feel. Yeah, Come on. Get shit on talk. Get shit on these bitches.


I feel how I'm supposed to feel. I feel like I have been like holding in constipated with shit and I finally have been able to release it. Big do and just shit finally. And it just feels so good to be shitless. It does. Stomach is straight. It feels really good. My stomach feels so good. That That is a great analogy and a great way to look at that. Yeah. Honestly. Stupid question, but were you surprised at all by the reception of this project? No, not at all. Good for you. You knew. You knew. I love that. Yes. Yeah, I did know because I feel like I bared a lot on this project. Not even just like personally, but also like the level of skill and intention that I put into it.


I just felt like real rap fans and people who read books and understand hip hop would appreciate it. Yeah. It, is that your audience? Like the people that read books and fuck with hiphop? I think so, yeah. It is, That's my that that's her for Sure. Do you feel like you jumped to the head of the line with this project in terms conversation? You messy. You being messy early Listen, you being messy. No. She's what line? She is a confident young woman. But what line and I love that we spend A what bitches is in the line. What you talking about? We spend a lot of time talking about, you know, females in hip hop and who is, you know, who's number one, who's number two. you know, we've had these debates all day long. This is A trap question.


I think that I push myself forward in my path. I think that the sound that I have on this project and just the way that I'm coming separated me from conversations period. From The field. Yeah. Nice. Honestly, we all agree. I think it Created some distance. So Yeah, what you do is not the same as the field that she's describing. I think. I think she, I think a different lane. It's a different way to me. She set herself apart completely and totally. Yeah. Yeah. You clip ride, you fucking clip ride. You always do that when a guest come up here. Kids don't fuck outta here With This. shit. You don't, you don't agree with me. I gotta see I.


gotta see. It's one spectacular project. M I'm not gonna lie to you. The the project is amazing. I'm not saying that just 'cause you here. Thank you. No, we've seen your No, we've said it here. Yeah, like thank you Top sent it to me early and I got to live with it early So. I kind of knew what it was hidden for before I saw the public react kind of the same way that I did. Were you shooting at anybody on the project? No, not specifically I. think that it's Like a broad stroke. I've built Shooting everyone. Yeah. I've built like a lot of frustration just being in the industry and kind of navigating like being new and then becoming seasoned. Like I've been signed to TD for I think four years and didn't drop a project.


And so like I've experienced a lot in that time and I just built a frustration of like feeling like the underdog, you know, for a long time. I still feel like the underdog and I still have a lot of growing to do, but I just felt like, stop fucking playing with me. But how difficult is, is it to convince the label? Right? Like they are they only moving when they feel like the music matches. Yo, stop fucking playing with me. Like talk to me about some of the frustrations of artist development. Like four years preparing for this. Like I say all the time we get our whole life to work on our debut. Yeah. So like talk to me about that process. Yeah, Well in those four years I released like two eps, which like, were just like whatever.


But When I started focusing on my debut album. It's like both of my labels were like, okay, this is really serious. you know what I mean? And what I just dropped is her mixtape. I still haven't dropped a full length album yet. So. I. What is that? What is that? I, we don't, we're old so we don't know what it means today when the shit that sound like a album is her mixtape. What's the difference? I don't fucking know. No, we know. you know. Perfect answer. That's perfect, perfect answer. We could have called this an album and it's still be great. I just think When, you put the word album there, it's like automatically so much pressure associated with it.


It has to sound like this. You gotta have hits and then that's a whole nother conversation because what the fuck does a hit? What is a hit? you know, anything could be a hit. You have those crazy alternative hits that come up every now and then. And then you have like your diluted like pops sounding hits and So I. Don't know. I think when you're focusing on an album and you use that word, the labels get a little bit more tense. Yeah. But when it's her mixtape, they're like, ah, do what the fuck you want. And I think they, and I think they use her mixtape to kind of set a bar now. Like especially in this case, what you, this is for a lot of folks, it's an introduction. Yes. So 100% You smacked that Hell. So now we got a bar. Hell yeah.


Yeah. And, and yeah it was amazing. Thank you. I have a question. I do. Okay. I thought long and hard if I was gonna ask you this, But Oh Lord. I am. Because why not? I let your album, I let her mixtape play all the way through. So I'm not all the way familiar with every title. But on the story track where you're talking about the guy that you met. Yeah. And you end up finding out that he had somebody else and that somebody else happened to be a dude guy. How'd you miss that? Wait, what? How did I miss that? Like, how'd you miss that? What?


Okay. And how did you, I have a lot of questions about that one verse. Okay. It happens. What an abstract story. Very bold of you to tell it. Yeah. How the fuck, first of all, It is very common. A lot of women what? It is very common. A lot of women are dating DL men and they just don't know they man as dl. That's true. Yes. It's very common. Yes, that's true. Yes. I've also dated a gay man before. Well, I mean he's bisexual, but gay is a number. Oh, so that's your bag. Not intentionally. I'm sure Don't, Don't speak for black women. Is That is that intentional? Which is saying like, I don't, I don't have an issue. I only, I'm, that's what I'm saying. Like I've dated free a bisexual man.


I'm bisexual. I have no problem with that. Okay. But Oh, so then what The fuck? You put him in A verse. Well you was D dl. That's different. So he didn't like When. you felt because he didn't, he didn't tell you because he wasn't, he was fronting about it. He wasn't open. Right. You were frightening about it. What is the difference? What Do you mean what's the difference? What mean allow me to make it called, if She Don't mind it called don mind. It is informed consent. But she don't, she don't mind it either way. She's talking about him not being upfront. It's called informed. The problem wasn't the problem wasn't that he cheated with a man. That's what I'm saying. I don't care that who you have sex with or what your sexual orientation is. You cheated on me. And then you said you were straight and you was not straight. That really does change the whole, your shoulder, your shoulders side.


You, it's a lot of secrets there. Like it's a lot of secrets there. You cheating On Me and you dude came to you as a woman, said you was Nah, dude came to Doshi as a woman. That's crazy. No, that's crazy. But. yeah, it's, it's more common than you think. Got it Got it. Gimme your favorite song on the project versus your favorite session. Ooh, that's a good question. Favorite song? Probably Catfish. Favorite session? Alligator. Bites. Never Heal. The last track. Can I ask you what that title means? Yeah, I was gonna say we, the title we all, yeah, She's been scorned. She Been hurt. I What? They bit her.


The scars sound like a kiss. The scars are never going Like metaphorical. I am still trying to unpack it myself. 'cause I'm, I'm trying to understand it too. I don't know. Something about it feels like sad but also like encouraging at the same time. I guess it's just kind of like shit happens. You get hurt, you heal from it, but scar tissue is left. Exactly. Okay. Alligator Bites are big bites. Yeah. Yeah. You can't, you can't get rid of anybody. We Might lose our arm. Shit. Don. Hell yeah. So the shark did what? It's a joke. The shark bit the lady shit. But there's something did Yeah, yeah, yeah. It Is a New York thing. No, no girl happened in Florida when the shark bit the lady in the water. Oh, That really happened.


Oh. Where you originally from? Tampa, Florida. Tampa. Love Tampa. Been there and you're, and you're into I've been there before. Okay. Had some times in Tampa. Stop that Threesome County. Yeah, It's threesome County up there. They Jump you over there, they jump you for real. Go over there and have a time for one night. Three V one. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It is true. Damn. What was I saying? Y'all Y'all fucked. We fucked you up. Freaky shit man. Y'all know about Tampa. It's fine. Tampa's A time. I think so. It's the Time Most difficult thing you've had to work through in the last four years. Personally and professionally.


Hmm. Let's get into some of these alligator bites. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. What together did Probably balancing, how do I say this? Come on, take say it girl. Truthfully Say it. Don't think truthfully and honestly. It's Like figuring out, balancing my creative expression with like business. I've been dealing with this like relationship of like my art as a commodity and you know, I'm in a business but also like I'm such a pure hearted, like creative at the same time. And so like I'm balancing metrics with creativity and that's been interesting.


Tough, tough, Right? How old are you? Yeah, 26. I'm flying with Chris Green and tde, so I'm gonna leave, I'm running away from that. That was cool. I'm getting the fuck away from that one. You're into the arts? Yeah. Heavily. This album taught me that. I had no idea about that, but it was some joint I'm a RB head at at. Really? Yes. Oh, Okay. I'm an RB head. The most RB head here Lies. Yo, we'll have that conversation later. Keep Going. I'm the most RB head here. So on some of those joints where, and you came in on this like hard, hard like rapid rap. I'm into that Hard, hard beats. Yeah.


Hard lyrics and in some way midway through, like while I'm listening and the Got it playing on the Bluetooth, I'm like, Oh Shit Smooth That would be smooth Therapeutic sounds. Yeah. I was like, I did, I had no idea that that was really, I really Like to sing. I love to sing. I can tell I started off singing, I didn't know before Rapping. So that was kind of my first love. I was in chorus. And then I also, you're also a dancer, correct? Yes ma'am. Because then I started doing the research on some of the videos and it's like, okay to even have this type of vision, it's not, you can't just be a rapper. You're doing other shit. Yeah. Like you moving around, like I said, the r and b shit. So When I don't know who found you or how they found you.


Yeah. But did they find you singing Or dancing? Kind of doing both. I got like, I blew up with my song Guilty Lucky Fruit Cake, like on TikTok and I'm kind of singing and rapping in that one, but I'm really rapping my ass off. So they found me kind of doing both. And I had this EP and like every single song sounded different on it and I was singing and rapping. Mm. Yeah. So for your debut Yeah. Song, Which one will no, your debut album. Which one do you think you'll lean toward more? I think, And It is even that asking you to make a tough decision because you're very artsy. Why can't I do it all? I Would, I'm gonna always do both.


That's like asking Lauren Hill, like, you gonna rap or you gonna sing? She's gonna S singing on rap, be On, you know, It's like asking Lauren on time. Right? Stop ice. So They canceled the shit outta that Fuji store. But. yeah. So I'm gonna probably always do both. Okay. In the middle. Yeah. Okay. So now is it one of those things where like was there something to prove to anybody that's actually working your career? Like behind you? Oh yeah. 100%. I wanted to, like I am on td, I'm the first female rapper of TD That is a, that has been a lot of pressure for me. I bet like It is very, very high expectation.


The standard at TEDE is very, very high. And I had a lot to prove to myself and I felt like to my label, because on a deep level I wanna make them proud, but also like, I wanna prove my rap ability. I'm trying to be as great as, if not greater than some of the greatest rappers in hip hop that are on my label. So yeah, That's gotta be a pressure, right? Like hearing AB and Kendrick and just all the, because them them niggas go. Yeah. So how does the development work? Do you do songs in the studio and then you send it over to them and then wait for them to like tear it apart or big it up?


Or do they just kinda let you cook for a minute and we'll eventually figure out what, what Sticks? Yeah, they let me cook for a minute top. Just lets me just making sure that I'm consistently in the studio and I keep sending songs and like the ones that they really like, they'll be like, oh, we really like this, we really like that. Whatever, you know, try third verses instead of just two, try this, try that. you know, and versus it kind of like verse builds up and then everybody on the label, we kind of like send music back and forth. Like, I send stuff to Soul, soul, send stuff to Me and you know, we kind of help each other like naturally. And it, it helps me exercise that muscle. Are you gonna Super Bowl? Oh yeah.


I gotta be there. Ooh. What, what, what trick tricked you. I tricked you with that question. Congratulations to him. Definitely 100% Congrat. come on, clap it up. Clap it up. Clap it up in this motherfucker. Stop it. What do you think about all of the, all of the, the hoop commotion and the hoopla and the hoot nanny since this has been in now this I don. I was so happy we had the today. By the way, can I tell you, the messy little bitch inside of me was like, yeah, yeah, we got Doey during Kendrick Super Bowl announcement. Okay. Honest to God, I don't know much about it because I'm not on Twitter anymore, I promise.


Oh, you've been prepped by one of them white people in the back room. Yes. Got it Got it media swear this girl, girl. I don't know much about it, but I'm really happy for Kendrick. I'm really, really glad that he got this opportunity. It feels like it aligns, it feels great. He has the hints, he has like the culture. I think this is great. This is a great moment, right? What's the problem? She media drain. She didn't address the other, the elephant in the room. You, if you doesn't even need We talk about, you know what the elephant is. If not, if you're not media dream. What? I don't, I'm, I'm not on twi. I really do not. The elephant Is That is that people feel like it should have been waned because it's in New Orleans. Girl. That's it. That's it. That's it. We don't agree. Okay. Yeah, we don't, we don't agree y'all what the fuck?


Yo I think that Wayne is more than capable to do the Super Bowl and I think he is deserving to do the Super Bowl. Both of them are deserving. Like, Did You know your shit girl? Yeah. Y'all did a good job back there. Oh my god. Now gonna be up to this. And now I gotta go in my bag of questions that you label Heads might not be aware of. Yeah. Now look what y'all made me do. Yeah. Fuck outta here. So what we sad when reason left, Are we sad? Oh, I loved reason. Yeah. Yeah, Because, and I only think about it. I'm not trying to be messy even though I am, but I only think about it because like your debut is gonna come at some point.


You're kicking ass right now. Yeah, you Are. She is Just from the sound of your shit. Honestly, I would expect to hear Kendrick, but I know that's not how things work. So in talking to reason, I know he had a problem with maybe wanting a Kendrick and maybe the label being like, eh, nigga move. You're not, you're not ready for all That. is there some type of positioning or bartering that needs to take place to guarantee the feature act on the label, be present on your debut project? Or is that like new act entitlement to think? Yeah, a rap and asleep So. I mean, what are you asking? I'm asking mean by that. I'm, I'm, I'm asking is there, is there an assumption that Kendrick would feature on your debut project because of your style stylistically and because of your close proximity and, And labels?


I'm gonna say It is, I don't, I don't assume anything. Yeah. And I also don't feel entitled to a Kendrick feature, but I would absolutely love that. Like that's the goal. I'm sure that, like for my debut project, I'm gonna ask, eventually I'm gonna ask Top if he could ask Kendrick or ask Kendrick myself. And I'm ask, see when it comes to that. But I'm gonna be real don don't think I have the record right now for that opportunity. I think I would have to come a certain way and I don't, I don't think I'm ready for it. Nah, I I love that because I I love that from you That, that's I think that is that was, that was dope. That was a dope answer. Yeah. Well placed humility. That was amazing answer. But I, some of the beats and some of the tracks on, on your mixtape, I could have definitely heard him over, I would've preferred to hear him over some of those fire ass beats.


Hmm. And I think it would've been a good synergy. I think it would've been an all right marriage. See the way you feel about Kendrick with that, when I'm listening to her tape, I hear Tyler, Oh I love Tyler. I Hear Tyler and I'm not, and I'm not busting none of them. I'm not busting a Tyler gun or a Kendrick gun on her mixtape. I ahead all I can hold her mixtape down myself. It Was time for us to get to it. Yeah. Yeah. Ha Have you worked with Daylight? No. Who's that? Doesn't he sound over? So sorry if that's, I'm not sure of Daylight's label situation is they Led a producer or No, He's a rapper. He's a producer rapper. He's A producer, rapper. Oh, he's a, a battle rapper. He raps will punch a bunch. Oh, very cool. Yeah. Yeah. He's a cool guy and and he is nice. So whenever you check him out, you check him out.


Got it. When when can we expect, when do you expect the debut album to drop Chill? That's the question. Honestly. I'm like with where this mixtape is headed. I don't think I wanna rush into it. I, It is growing right now and I'm not sure. I don't know. Was this A situation where you are working on both concurrently and kind of just pick some of these for her mixtape? Or did you make this very intentionally, like these are for her mixtape and I'll get to the album When I get to it. Actually yes I did. I made like the top of the project is intentionally made for her mixtape and then like towards the middle, lower middle to the end. Those are songs that I had accumulated over the years that I just needed to get off that nobody really cared about that much.


The arrangement was crazy. Thank you. Like the arrangement was like Joe said, you know, it starts off super, super hard and then it like kind of softens out. It softens out and gets so super smooth. It's almost like you're telling a story. Thank you. And it seems very intense. I appreciate that. I feel like that went over people's heads. No, we were talking about that up here. Didn't sexy. It did not go over our head. It was, it was very, very sexy. And we were, I I was wondering about the intentionality behind, you know Yeah. The song arrangement on the album. Yeah. Or sorry, mixtape. I felt Like the storytelling and context, having context in this mixtape was most important. Especially if I was gonna do 19 songs. I originally wanted to do 22 songs. Top was like, hey, reel it. Then So I was like, okay, that's cool.


Good call Top. But yeah, good call I think that with context it was important for me to be brutally honest about the shit that I've been going through. And then we need to heal and then we can celebrate and we can get to the lit shit when we get to the bottom of the album. But I felt like people need this right now. We need to talk about our feelings, we need to tell stories. We need these hip hop beats. I want to reinforce tradition and hip hop again and be lyrically contextual. And that's why I made it that way. Yeah, it Seems pretty intentional 'cause I listened to some of the older eps and you had a lot more like uptempo kinda house almost. Yeah. Vibes where that wasn't really as present on her mixtape.


Yeah, exactly. I didn't think that was necessary. I feel especially being in this new place where I am spiritually and like personally, I'm on like my sober shit right now. I don't smoke, I don't drink no nick and tea, no nothing. And I have been gravitating back towards my roots and I grew up, I started, I taught myself how to rap through Boomba beats and Sounds like it. My first rap song I ever made was a dis So I have a Dis dis. So you dissing one of these bitches. You should never tell Her. My roots are in like battle rapping and in boomba. And I wanted it to reflect that sonically. Oh, So you're not gonna say who you dissed. You just definitely Got. it didn't got somebody Got. it didn't specifically, I I, this is not about anybody specifically.


I, and a lot of things I'm talking about, I actually discuss like a lot of label frustration that I had Got it, you know what I mean? It's not about anybody specifically. I don't really kick it with people like that, that to have anybody to this. One thing I like about what she just said is she said that We talk about our issues then we heal. We was talking about that the other day, how people, they, they talk about what they're going through but they don't talk about the healing process. I thought that was important. Yeah, I like that they talk about what triggers them and never get to fixing. Yeah, fixing, fixing. I like that she said that. Yes. What is your, here's time time for Joe Bird. Joe's bird questions. What is your sign? I like his shoes. Thank you Leo. Leo, what's your sign? Virgo. Really? What does he give? I see that. I see that Virgos talk.


Stop it. But what does he give Stylist? Hey, I'm a I'm a Leo g Gemini. Hey, I'm a Gemini. I like Gini you July Leo. Not even my rise. August Leo don don't do the July. Do you know your numerology, your, your empath number? Okay. You Not an imp stop that empath shit like you try. I don't do that bro. Don't come up here and act like you want your, in your impact back. You not see, nobody knows our empath. No man. You don't know it neither. Stop Joe. Well I know mine. you know too. Are you in a relationship? Are you single? I'm In a relationship, yes. You happy with the the person? Yes. Alright. Alright, cool. Check now. Now would be the time to trash him if you are not.


What else? What else, what else, what else, what else? A day in the life of Doshi outside of music consists of what? Like what do you like to do when it's Staying at home? Eating cereal. Watching total drama Island being completely normal. Kicking it with my parents and walking around barefoot outside. Making music in the studio with my panties on. Just chilling reading books. What are you reading right now? So clap it up for these girls. Knowing Married, I ain't, I'm a one man. What? Clap it up for these girls knowing they parents. Those are my favorite. What girls doing? That's not a given. Not a given. What? You can't say That serious boy.


Anyway, this guy's, what's wrong with I like that. Go ahead. What? Oh, so what are you reading right now? It's called Ain't I'm a Woman and it's about black women and feminism unpacking that Ain't and and I'm woman and I'm a woman. I'm a ain't I a woman like that. It's really, really good. You still live in Tampa or you did you move Out? That was my question. No, I'm la How do you like it? Culture shock. You fell for the, oh, you fell for the talk. It's cool. It's cool. I've, I've, I've settled in now. She Miss home. She hate that Shit. She home. She hate, she absolutely hates la. She doesn't have a choice in the matter. How Long have you been there? I think three years now. Oh. Oh, she hates she four. No, four. I've been four. What was the biggest culture shock?


When you got there because LA is different. Food is trash. Food is trash. Right. The food is crazy. The smog word, the people Assholes. But I found my people now. It's cool. Your tribe. Yeah. You found your And When. I say the people. I really mean like I had to navigate like how industry people move. I'm like really from like the country. So like I didn't know How transactional people Are to Yeah. And I also didn't know how to like properly interact. I would walk into meetings like in a bonnet, like, what's up? Let's, let's talk about the money. Like, Oh. you know what I mean? I'm Just, oh, you didn't realize that. They like to talk about taking a meeting to, to take another meeting, Talk around things.


I'm very like straightforward. Let's just talk about what the hell we gotta talk about. Yeah. They just wanna take a meeting on a rooftop and look good and selfies and talk about taking the next Meeting. That wasn't her experience, nor did she say that that was you. I'm reading through the Lines. That was you and in the cast couch. What? Oh my God. I'm Gonna up later. It's fine. It's fine. It's cool. Everybody didn't go through that. She just sound like she trying to find her way in, in LA around fak and phony industry people. Fake. Yeah. Do you have any stories of that yet? Have you been bitten? Burnt? Yo. She Got bit by alligator, nigga. come on. Yo. After alligator?


Nah, not really. Like She got Protection really to my myself. Like Don don't. She's full of shit. Damn. She, nah. She don't seem like she beat for the mix. No, like I don't, I don't beat around like she Don't gimme mixy. If You, if you limit the mix this, then you kind of limit some of the Able to control it more. Yeah. What pressure are you feeling currently? Or has it been a Alleviate? Yeah, yeah, yeah. She can't save. No, don't save her. Don't save her. Don't save her girl. Don't save her. My girl back there. Just give us some silence. The GL glasses is back there. She watching. Good. What you think? I think the pressure I'm feeling currently is just like, I feel like I have a real opportunity to advance my career.


Nice. And I don't wanna fuck up and I want to do everything right and I think I feel that I put that pressure on myself right now. I just wanna do it right and yeah. Oh, this is great. Okay, so that means some nights when your partner wants to Netflix and chill, you gotta go, yo I gotta run outside. Yeah. I gotta Is that? Yeah. Does that cause any drama? No. Not at all. Fuck. Fuck Yeah. No, not at all. I've been through that already, So everybody's supportive. I've lost a relationship over this business before I've, I've been through that already. That's out the window. Really? Yeah. Did it scorn you?


Did you walk away? Jaded? Not jaded, but it definitely taught me a lot and I was like, I cannot, my standards for my partner are different now because of the industry that I'm in. You have to have different criteria for the people you date. When, you're in this business that a fact Got. Tell me, tell me what areas you as an artist in the creative field, like you need, you need to work on and improve. Personally, nobody said it to you. Nobody's even noticed. But When, you go to bed at night, you're like, I could improve in this area. Musically. I'll say musically I want to, I just wanna write better songs. That's it. I wanna write better songs I really admire and look up to like Kendrick Lamar in the sense of like, he can tell his story and talk about his feelings and make it a hit and like, I would love that.


That is what I would like to do. No, I like it. That's Songwriting is under undervalued in today's hip hop especially. Yeah. I just wanna to get better with my pin. Who's your favorite rapper growing up and who's up the best rapper? Hold up, hold up, Hold up. She skipped the personal side of that question. Oh, My bad. Oh, I did. Is there an area that you feel you need to improve on personally that could correlate to how successful you are professionally? Feel the Word. No, I'm perfect. I love her for real. Every answer Perfect.


Every single answer I fuck with you doi. I do. I do. Do you have any, do you have any floating debut album titles that you want to share? Mad I don Early with us, us Don don't I have no idea. I have no idea what I'm doing. I don know. I have no idea what I'm doing. I have no idea what's doing. Now. Top of them is not letting that fly at all. At all. They not letting that go at all. Yeah. Okay. Okay. It's okay. It's okay. What? Have no idea what I'm doing. Debut. Favorite food, Cereal. Favorite rapper. You'll treat yourself, treat yourself better. Favorite cereal?


Frosted Flakes. Oh, you're a real one. Alright. You're a real one. Okay. Favorite rapper. Oh no, that's hard. I know Lil Wayne. Okay. Yeah. Best rapper. Arrest her. Ooh. Best rapper. 26. 26 Kendrick Lamar. Okay. Oh, you are messy. Yo. Yo, I thought you wasn't messy. Wow. Oh my God. Now was not the timer. The room. Jesus time. Feed the room. Let's see, let's see, let's see. I don't want to ask about tour.


Don't want to ask about the next project anymore. Can you cook? Can I cook? Yep. Oh no. My favorite. I not you from Tampa though. She's 26 years old. I can't Got What the fuck does that mean? She from Tampa. Women In this generation in that age bracket. What? What, what? Say that again. Women in the age, in your age bracket of this generation are not interested in being domestic in Well, Domestic. The ones with a career. Remember she read, she reading, she's reading a book about feminism. Oh, you right. Am a woman or I'm a woman or whatever. It is can't Cook. Women of this generation. Oh Yeah. Oh, I'm a police. Oh, white. You said that as a white man.


Get interested. That's the boy that's kind of stripping me out. Wow. I walked into, I walked into it. Yeah, you right. There's whatever she, yeah. Let see. Yeah, I can't. Who were some of your inspirations like growing up? Growing Up was 10 years ago. Listen, Stop. She just grew up. She just, It's clear that she has been a creative for a very, very long time. Yeah. And also she is a dancer. you know, ballet Tap, ERY Badu, miss T, Nicki Minaj, Kanye West, Beyonce, Lil Wayne, Kendrick Tyler. That's my vibe.


Okay. That's my bag. Yeah, that Fits. Are there any questions that you always wish interviewers would ask you but they never get around to? I think like more about the actual like songs and music and lyrics. That would be nice because I'd be like, did nobody hear that Triple Entendre just threw in there? Did that just go over y'all head? Girl, we're not gonna talk about that. Nobody wants to talk about the double entendre that I came in on the intro. One song out has double entendre back to back. Nobody heard that. She has a point.


But I'm a lover of rapping hip hop so I'd be wanting to talk about the raps, but that's cool. You do. Do you know that they don't talk about the raps anymore? Yeah. No. At all. They don't talk about that rap. They don't. And the entendre went over the triple ent did. The people that are reviewing these things don't even get the double and triple quadruple. Yeah. Hold entendre. Yeah. Yeah. At all. Sorry. Yeah. Unfortunately Journalism is all right. I don know it's Weird. Do you think we're journalists? No, Absolutely. come on. Alright. Alright. Alright. Good. As long as you know nothing about this, it journalistic the next five years of Doshi to you.


Looks like what Child And how do your parents feel? Really proud. My mom is super proud. My dad is super proud. Nice. That's what's up next five years. I don't, I don't know. I'm just a girl. I'm 26. don don't know what's going on. Ideally I love 'em. Just Okay. Yeah. That's a great catchall. Yeah. Ideally maybe a Grammy nom would be nice. There you go. You know. There you go. Speak it to existence. Five years Arena tour. Okay. Would be nice. Within five Maybe on the fifth year. Fourth debut album obviously.


And Star Icon. Hopefully y'all have like, you know. I love it. Lot of money, lots of it. Really, really rich. Like stupid Rich. Oh yeah, yeah man. Five years. Your man will be happy that Yeah. And the parents gotta gotta show the parents. It was all worth it. What'd you say? Hey she don't skip a beat. I said, I said your man will be happy then please Stop. Why? That's my favorite part of this though. don. Don't have a man. Oh, your girl will be happy. Yes. Your girl will be happy. I'm sure. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Get to the money period.


Well, I hate y'all. I hate y'all. Who all of y'all? Scott, I think I got everything. Alright, I think I got everything I need. Are you getting used to doing the press thing yet? How is this kind of like a new endeavor for you as far as Nah. Going around. You've been doing it For what? No, it's not new. She's Been making a runs. Yeah, she been making runs. I seen her, But I think like more like shit like this is new like on camera. Got it, you know, That's supposed to radio or Something. Yeah. Besides like radio and article stuff. This is cooler. This is more fun. More laid back. Yeah. Not journalists.


Huh? We're not journalists, right? No. We're I like that. Shoot the shit They, they ask you the real vanilla questions all in the Yeah, Every, Every single interview is the same question. Not every single one. Yeah, every single one. Yeah, they do. I feel like Parks asked you, but I still want to ask. How many songs in total did you record for this project? Like how many were, Oh my god. Did you have to scrap? Not scrap but put to the side. Jada can answer that. How many, how many do we have on the, that Means it's a high number. Like on the list over the four years. See exactly Like, just like the list we had just like to choose from. To choose from. Probably like 40, right?


It's like 40 or 50. God. Yeah. Budget is big. Yo. Every word she say I just hear like the budget being where it need to be. You recording at home or are you going to the studio? Most time? I Record at home first and then I take what I record at home and I take it to the studio. Got it. Okay. I hate the studio. Yeah. Really hate It. What about it? No Windows. Stark Facts. I feel facts. You were Smoking facts and like just a bunch of people standing over. Let me it like back the fuck up. It is gross. It's gross. Anybody in the studio that's not a musician ever come tell you what you need to maybe do with the song that you're actively working on? Oh hell no.


They know. She seems like she'll kick them right out. Yeah. No I don. I don't do that. Back the fuck up. Unless you finna get on this mic and spit. Don't tell me shit about shit. Since you hate the studio so much, how do you make the experience tolerable for you? Because I've seen like certain artists like, you know, they'll just eat food drinks they lay on the floor, they wear, you know, like they'll personalize After. Have to record it at home. Home. Like literally record the whole song at home. Literally in my drawers, barefoot do it how I want and then I take it right to the studio, knock it out an hour and we go back. Yeah. Preparation. Get in it Out. Got it. Got It. Got it. Smart. That's it. Smart It Is smart Economic. That too. Yeah. Label's probably happy about that.


We did the thing Joe. We did it. No, you did. We Did it Joe. We Did It. is there anything that we can do to continue to support you Just Outside of listening to the music? Music Also You thank you so much. I saw the clip of y'all talking about my song and I really appreciate it. You talked about a couple songs. Thank I really, really appreciate that. Thank you for just like, you know, acknowledging my art and I know I'm, you know, still a up and coming artist, but you really like gave me my flowers and I appreciate that. No, we thank you. Yeah, We really liked it. That project was Really amazing. It's amazing.


For real. Yeah. I would play my song but I done played. I done played my shit. They already know that. Wait, what's your song? That beat? Hold up. Let's do it. Hold up. Let me get to my Jones. I wonder which one, It. Is this your favorite? Yes. Yeah, I'm gonna go with you. Do do do. Y'all can talk. It's one of the top five albums of the year for me personally. And I think it's been a pretty, it's been a pretty good year for music. Yes. So It is, maybe it's just 'cause it was so outta left field for me that I wasn't expecting it. But I appreciate it either way. What were you expecting For you? I didn't really have any expectation. Ah. I knew you're over there. So, I expect quality. Do you like that?


What do, do you like being underestimated or, and I say this with complete respect, maybe not even thought of hell no. Do you feel like, but do you feel like that puts you in an advantage delivering heat? I mean maybe it does, but I don't like it. Oh, Oh this girl. What the Can we turn this When, I, Chinese When I feel uneasy. Fall to my knees, take a line truth as sweat drips down my tits.


I contemplate how to ever get like this. I contemplate how to ever get this rich or get this bag. I wonder what? I wonder what my all think. When I lying. The way my ideas flow when I'm not the way my hips slow, but don don't like the way it feels when my vices are absent. I'm not there. Good taste. Lemme Tell you something. Good. Taste This right here. Yeah. Oh man, I wish I rap still. I wish Ira still this, you did this on all levels three. Three, Level, Scorer on this One. It's my fiance. bad bitches get but That is burning when them tables turn.


You can call back call. But I can't call back feeling fall. Lemme tell you something. Death row into profit My nigga beat my nigga back. Black bitches always bending back was on the soft doing face was playing. Figure now I'm making six now. Yo, who did the, who did the, who did the fucking order These?


Who did the order? Me? No, you, that's ka You didn't me. Me. No, you did by yourself. No, you did. Me and my engineer Jada. No way. That's The only opinion I would listen to because everybody was like, Put the hits at the top. Shut the fuck up, shut Off. Shut the fuck up with real musicians to organize the album. Shut up. That's what I'm saying. That Is my vibe. I my city, despite the fact that they hated me. I'm breaking bread with bird bitches. Like I'm making peace with the fact that I'm going popping shit. I'm making popping shit, but I'm still popping Shit, dog.


Yes. Huh? Yes, yes, yes. Those are my two favorites Too. Really? Yeah. I'm that nigga. No, for real, because I was already in a vibe with the project. Tom tricked me when he sent me the fucking project. He, he tricked me. Yo, here check this out. He just slips up casually. He just like, Hey man, here, just listen to that. And you're all telling you know what you think, period. Yeah. Press play all types of that shit with my bag. And then thank you. This dope remix, remix, death row remix. That shit remix that shit. All right. Period. Put one of them niggas put thet, BE niggas on this. Yes. Yes. All yes. Yes.


Okay. Okay. I'm done. I'm done. Clip rotten. You're so stupid. Yo. I couldn't be happier for you. Thank you. Congratulations on everything. Hopefully as you blow up, you will remember this address. Don't Forget the little people and you will come back and visit us. Yeah. After we filling out the arenas and we get the number ones. I hope that you get everything coming your way. Thank you. Like your, your your, your spirit speaks. Thank You. It does. Thank you. It does. I could tell you read. I could tell you read. We got parents and shit. Nah, she's fly stage the room and all that shit.


She's fly. No, you, you, you, you one of the people that ask people meet you. I think I think that they will want to support you. Thank you you for I appreciate that. Aww. Cass, do we have Yeah, we had a little mushy moment. We had a little mushy. Cass, do we have any final questions for Doshi who will be at the Super Bowl and watching? No, no questions. Just congratulations. Congrat. Congratulations. Thank you. And thank you for some great music. Yes, we are very happy for you. Appreciate You. All right, Sayles. We are clapping it up for Doci. come on. Make some noise. Make some noise for Doci. Please. Anytime you're in the New Jersey area, you are officially a friend of the show. Come back and visit. We'll order sushi and shit.


Oh, bury it. We'll get Frosted Flakes from Acme. come on. We'll do it the way it's supposed to be done. Ladies and gentlemen. Doshi Alligator. Bites Never Heal available in your phone and on DSPs right this second. If you haven't heard it, you are shorting yourself. You are missing out yourself. If you Get your chicken The tour. Hey girl, girl, girl. Oh, we gotta go. We got the approval. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah, wait. We got approval. Get your tickets to the door. Get the fucking ticket. I love that. Here's the selling out.


Every day we'll be at the New York show. For sure. For sure. We'll be at the New York show. We there even though I don't know if the girls go. Yeah, the girls will be there. I'm Coming. Come on. We'll fuck a girl and Reid, we'll go check out the Doshi fans. Doshi, we love you. Continue. Success Knees And the smoked that outfit. The stylist smoked that outfit. She, I wonder what my friends all think. When. I love in. I love the way my Look at us being hip hop.


Look. Come On, get your back back. come on. We Not there. Yeah, yeah we Can. I'm telling you we can. Yeah. I'm telling Y'all heard how good I sounded doing that. Was itching on that? Did y Yeah. I Good. Yo, hold up. Look at his head. Yeah. Nah, look it It is don't want me to come back to the game. It is don't want me to come back to the game. Oh, I love to doing that. It is cool. Listen, anybody that's ever been a Joe Biden music fan already know what that beat would happen. That beat and a free Monday night from Parks. About seven And a half free, seven and a half minutes and and call the guitarist and some guitar and Jeremy Guitar.


Jeremy right there. Jeremy's still good. Yeah. Hell yeah Man. When I. Come back to the game. Jeremy. The guitarist is coming too. Yeah, no doubt they going. They gonna see. I'm gonna show 'em the game. They're missing guitar solos nigga. You ain't got that from nobody but me and Renny. Question for y'all before we get back to I 10 more minutes to Super Bowl talk, we'll move on. There are other things to talk about. I wanna talk about my trip. I wanna talk about some of the sports shit that's going on. My new question for y'all and one of my favorite segments is coming in here to kick my girl back in. Have y'all noticed that? I noticed. I worry. But No, she's a Trooper. Okay, cool. She's a trooper. She only got a little mad once.


But she's the trooper. She understands that the gig is a gig. Question for y'all. Is a Range Rover a mom truck? No. No. Rich mom maybe? Yes. Yeah. Rich mom. The Land Rovers you, We have a yes No. A no a yes, yes no a no. Only if it's a rich mom. A and a yes. Okay. Shit. She wanna arrange.


Well She hasn't been Think first. Careful with your words. Wait, look at Ish. She was banking on Ish to agree. 'cause he is a capitalist. She banked on Ish to agree that arranges a mom truck. She Got it. But the other night, after a long day of work, I feel like your girl could see you a little delirious on the phone or just not catch you slipping. Yes. Yes. Oh no, no, no. I feel like your girl know spots where you not all the way on your dean. Fuck yes. And they try you. Yes. I don't hear y'all ever talk about it. So, I thought I was just sweet.


No, you not. They experts at that. And her birthday is coming and she slipped up and said something about A range. A range. Yeah. And I thought that she had left the range of the gifts that I've been given Because you never range go to the gun range. A shooting range, Range For the That's what I'm saying, Nigga. I been, I feel like giving a good gift. I feel like she hit a hundred thousand dollars. Jump in what a gift should be and we had a fight about it. Really? You damn right. What was the fight about you? What does buying a woman a car look like today? I've never done that.


So to me what it means is you gonna take your little upside down car to somewhere nice that you wouldn't normally be allowed in. And then you're going come to your man and he's gonna give you 20 or 30. So you could get in the vehicle that you want to get in and then you will take care of the note. That was not her understanding of it, Her understanding. You can, So her understanding because of Instagram. Well, how would you know I'm not rich? The last, the last week would assume ahead. It's not boring ahead. Oh, what was I saying? No, I Instagram. So, so that, so now the Instagram area has fucked shit up. So she started talking about, had a bow on This shit.


So she thought she had me. She said, well what about the rich men who just put the, the car or the truck in the driveway with a bow on the That's right. And she said, what about how are they able to take that car back during the breakup if the girl is paying the note? That's what she said. Can I ask a question? I've been in, don't ask nothing. I've been in this game for years. Made, made me animals. Made me animals. That was a fast ball up the plate. Lemme tell you what I told him. I said, well then he didn't buy her car. He bought him a car And let her drive it.


Let it cook, let it bake. Let bake chicken. Nigga, If you want me to buy me a car, then I win. All right. And I'll put a bow on it. It'll be, I'll have Some nigga come out and sing a song. A mariachi band from crib. Yeah. You can take your Instagram pics. And then I'm protecting this So. I can snatch that shit back if you do something, do it. And that's been our thing. But I got stuck on what a mom car is like. I left that a mom car to me means something that you could beat up. Something that you could put on together like A minivan. Something nice, but something that's durable and You can beat A arrange is a luxury vehicle beat up.


It don't drive like a mom car. It ain't designed like a mom car. These seats ain't a mom car. So then I pull up to Zaire shit 'cause I'm in Indianapolis, I'm in Red State. I ain't doing shit. I pull up to Zaire shit, he got some fly mom shit in the driveway. I said, let me ask this rich nigga. And I asked him, and don't you know he agreed with her. He's in a range, a Escalade start naming nigga trucks. So today there's no such thing as a mom truck. That's what I got. There's no such thing as a mom truck. Oh, a mom truck is a car that a man would drive to when ho say we don't drive X fives, we give 'em the baby mamas niggas didn't wanna be seen in X five no more. Right. But if a mom truck is a range in an Escalade than It is no more mom truck.


It's just a fly ass truck. Yeah. Okay. So moving on. I Don I don Unpack it Might, you don't want unpack it too much more. That shit. Get the fuck outta I I think that shit mom trucks don't give a fuck. What you talking the G The GE is the mom trucks. Yeah, that's what I, you know what I look at it as. That might be the same price range. I think I look at it as a girl car. Yeah. Right. Like mom, I separate mom and girl. Okay. Like I look at the GLE, like that's a girl car. I look at a X five. Like that's a girl car is a GWA and mom truck. No. No. Why? That's the only one. I was gonna say that before. The, the GWA is the only one that I don't necessarily look at as a mom truck.


Tell Me why. Like if you got kids, right, so When, you say Mom, you thinking about the kid. So you gotta think about something. Car seats and shit. Yeah. Like you gotta think about car row, car seats or soccer practice or Yeah. Lacrosse. You throwing all the shit in the back. Yes. You want something that's reliable, durable, but you still want it to be fly. Yeah. Luxury I guess, you know what I'm saying? For your kids. So the, the, the, the GWA is the only one in my opinion that don't fit that mold. Oh. As mom car. But it's a girl. It can be your a girl's car. Safety's Also important. Yeah. I go get that Volvo X Don't ask me for no range When, you see me looking at garage. There you go. Kia Telluride, I think that that's exactly why she would be looking at you. And that's the problem.


So that was the next level of the fight I've watched. Which is 'cause I said that I don't have Coof. I'm shocked I said it. I'm shocked that Don't ask me for a range while I'm looking for Ferrari. She did that woman bullshit. Oh. So you would want to be in a Ferrari and your girl be in a Ford. And then I took a long pause and said, yes. Chevy Nigga Uber bitch whatcha talking about, I asked Joe stop. What is wrong with me? The guy I took it outta me. The guy being in the Ferrari and the girl being in the fort. I'm still stuck on the fact that there was a conversation about the Note. Somebody what note? There was no conversation about a note.


It was a conversation about what does it mean to buy a woman a car today in 2024. Yeah. I didn't think that there should be a conversation about a note at all. If I'm not going to buy a Ferrari outright Ish and ice no help Now y both of you. No, I I want him to Not do a ice. I'm not doing, I want him to not do a ice. Don't fix your glasses, nigga. Speak I. don wanna hear my elaborate? What she talking about Go ice. You do realize I'm talking to him. Oh, there you go. Yep. Not talking to you. I'm talking to you. I ain't saying word. Exactly. Look, look, I'm talking to him. Oh, so alright. Say it, say it Again. I'm talking to him. Casey Patty. I I just find it funny. I just, I'm curious as to why there was a conversation about a note at all. She's saying that you should versus this what you should pay the car outright. Yeah. Buy The car. Yeah, bro.


She's saying that you should pay the car outright, which she have that she needs to do that. And That is women privilege and girl math right there. That's why they get rich niggas. I've had that happen. Don't crack your knuckle. Don't do a Ish nigga talk. I'm pulling the ice. No, no pull. I'm doing the ice. I'm doing ice. If I wouldn't go pay for a Ferrari outright right this second, I would still, I would still get the fucking finance. Or at least Ferrari and Range Ferrari are, are those are, those are different worlds. Those are, that's, that's literally like two, $300 thou 200, $300,000 difference. So that's completely different. We're not, there's, there's It is comparing apples to fucking cucumbers. Okay. So I bought, we're together.


Me. and you are in a relationship. Yeah. Five years Me. and you are in a relationship five years. I solid. I've been holding you fucking down all your fuck shit. I've been dealing with all your fuck shit. I take it on, I take it all on the chin. Well, that could be taken two ways. Hey, listen, if it, if it flies, it flies, let it fly. Okay, let's do it. We've been together that long. I I buy you a truck outright. I'm with your eyebrows. Whatever your eyebrows doing, I'm with that. I buy you the truck outright. And also in these five years, I've also seen your spending habits too. It is, it might Not be the, it might might not be the top factor, but it might be like number 10.


You can do that. His money. That's fine, fine, fine. I Don't think You can do that. Fine. Y'all agree with No, No. I know they don't agree with me. I buy you the Car. I not disagreeing with that. Huh? don Don't disagree with that point. Oh, that particular point I don understand You don't disagree that you, you think your woman should watch your spending habits of the money that she what she Made no matter I think that that's a part of y'all world and that's a part of Y's life. Yes. No matter So I in that. But in that you've watched me spend money on me, you've also watched me spend money on you. So that's a part of that. Like, don don't say no to you. Oh, Don don't know If I get you the car outright no note.


Oh, I see the trap. Nice forefront. Nevermind. I can't. It's real life ramification. It is a trap. Can My Scorpios Way to go? Well you Scorpios ain't shit. So let's get to it's get to it. We No. So you do some fuck shit. You do some fuck shit. How do I go about getting the car back that I paid for outright for you? Nigga? You got The money. Highest. You don't, you don't consider it a loss. Let it talk. Let her cook. Look, You don't consider it a fucking loss. Fuck out because the minute it drives off the law, the depreciates anyways. Fuck So. I. So fuck outta here. We so fuck outta you. Consider appreciation. Yo, yo, Trevor John on you niggas go get my car. Please go get my car, get the pickup truck. Take that shit off the property, nigga. Consider it a loss. This shit like hell on the nigga.


Hell, hell on Earth. I'm taking that shit back off the property and I'm giving you a letter. So listen this second, you know What this is. Fuck you talking about? I Got it. I Got it. It's the fallacy of sunken costs. Excuse me. The fallacy. I don't try to pick wordy ways outta this, right? I'm not, the fallacy of sunken costs is attaching sentimental value to something. That is just inanimate and loses value because it just does like a car does. There's, there's like what maybe one or two cars that appreciate in value or maintain their value. I don't know what they are, but I'm sure one of y'all motherfuckers know it. No, it loses value to the dealer that that manufactured it. No, no, No. It might even lose value to you.


But it still has a value. It's not value. The value It is not zero. So I buy a $200,000 car and it's no longer worth 200. But it's worth 1 25. Okay, guess what? It's still worth. Okay, now, okay, now hold on, let's present 1 25. Okay, now hold on. Which is a couple watches. Exactly. So let's, so let's present. It's my 1 25. So Let's present the scenario. Do I have One 20 5K worth addictive ship? Let's Present the scenario that they're together five years and that they carry on for the next fucking 20. Okay. So I. Think why is Mel? Yeah, I do agree that he should buy her the car. Let's just say it like that. I do agree, but I also fuck feel like if he does buy the car, he has a right to take it back. Check this out. Me. I feel that When you, it's 2024. Take take it back for What? If she do anything outta pocket. I feel, I feel I agree with you.


Amen. Nigga, you Got it Peggy, What does, what does out of pocket mean? I, I that's, that's too much. Jesus, you know what out pocket means? Amen. Cheating That is out pocket. The Only thing that's out, I, I don't agree with that either. You don't think you should hit the callback? Bitch. Aaron, join us nigga. Get on our side. This was a, hey, this was a lay for nigga, nigga. He gave his doors away. Nigga those doors. Yo. Stop. I thought you know me. Sorry. I thought you know Shit bitch as nigga. You Got it away. Yo listen, I just feel like, I feel like When you give somebody something to take it back.


It's some bitch ass shit. That's fine. Stop it. I do feel like that red Pill, blue Pills, You can sign for the note. you right or You can sign this note right here saying You can do some bullshit. You can give the car back. You can keep a match. That is that gonna have an agreement? We gonna have an agreement. Listen, That means you gonna sign Red Pill, blue Pill. You gonna sign for The Cardinal 2020 Or you gonna sign for the fact that yo, if you do some bullshit, you this car comes home. You getting the so 21 Wagoner nigga. No, a difference between an $80,000 truck and a buck 80. They ain't 80,001. No Wagon is Expensive in 2021. Oh, 2020. Now y I trying to get one nigga. Them shits Is high as I.


gotta get the Grand Wagoner too. I tried to get you Wagon is expensive. That is a buck 30, Bro. We could leave this. This wasn't on my topic board. That's Fine. That's a fire topic though. And later on, on Paton, Like I hit her and said, did you right after Zaire told me that an Escalade and a Range Rover is a mom truck. I hit her like okay, but Zaire is in a red state, wealthy white people Indianapolis. But I mean shit show so she shit Texas is a red state. Yeah, wealthy. I just think privilege is taken. Oh Boy. So you real, real quick. Hold on real quick. Ish and ice. Yo, if you give a vehicle, you pay it full out cash. No. You if you went No, no, you wouldn't take it back. Would you take the car back if you yes Ish. You wouldn't, I wouldn't At All. You encounter as a loss.


Yeah. If you watching your man's spending habits. Respect. You shouldn't ask for a range while he trying to buy a Ferrari. No, that's a perfect time, man. That just don't make sense to me. No it's not. No it's not I don Sense. I'm Ferrari. I get it. But I'm trying buy a range. I get what you're saying. She know you not buying in full out joints, you know No Shit. She know what I'm going, I'm trying to buy a, you know, I'm looking at a Ferrari. I see how you look. Okay, I see you look at It. I'm glad you got the fuck outta there too. Yeah, I was, I was hitting the nigga yo leave. I didn't leave. The nigga didn't leave. Nigga just told me I got the tire insurance I was looking for. All right. He walked out. He ain't leave. I didn't leave. I, I left after lunch and Expresso nigga, I'm I'm going back. No, that car I posted that you seen. That's not the car that I was looking at.


No, I'm just saying that's the car that my car was next to. I ain't gonna Lie. That car is a $1.8 million car that you was looking at. Yeah, that SP two. Yeah. I was like, Joe, please Leave nigga, I get my hands on 1.8 million of disposable income and he'll sell it to me. Is there a such thing I'm going back and you know what needs to happen for that to happen? Me not to buy a fucking raise. RI ain't, Hey y'all, I'm with you. Hey, I, I looked at that picture on the stories and I started the pocket watch, but I just said, you know what, I ain't even pocket it was a headache for me. It too much. I hear this nigga, y'all ain't got pocket ain't, I'm telling you I cannot afford that vehicle, nor can I make sense to the purchase.


Hey, hey look, You could afford it but you Just went nigga, 1.8 on a car after I just left Indianapolis. No, you can't make sense of it. I just left Indianapolis. I looked You're not even gonna drive. Really? This Nigga Immediately and said, Jojo, go home. Just leave. That Car was fired on. Nah, that was the Ferrari niggas hitting me on the up. They like, Hey, forgot to send you this heat. No, forgot I took these pics anyway. Are we done with Super Bowl? No, No. There there was more outrage. Go ahead. Get the shit off. You know. Does anybody have the post Nick Nicki jumped In. There was a bunch of posts. Yeah, she went, She went real crazy on Twitter. Well, I mean she stands up for her guy. Sure. Again, it was lot of loyalty being shown.


Let's, let's, the lines was drawn and people were riding for what side they believed was right or or who should have got denied. The elephant in the room is, do you think Jay-Z snubbed him or do you think Jay-Z had anything to do with Wayne not being picked? That's the elephant that the world is talking about. Yeah. You think he had, you think he did that? I say yes purposely. No, no. You adding words just by him being on the committee. I Mean him on the committee had a a a some input. Yeah. The shit that's going around is that there's a board, then there's the director and the consultant of the Super Bowl. Right? And then that goes To the, and that goes to the city and the city has to approve. So the the, the aha moment is New Orleans picked Kendrick.


That That is what the word on the curb is. That's not me saying that. Let's say that's true. That don't mean Wayne was on that list. So that still don't say nothing to me. They could have, even the committee that picked it could have said no Wayne, If Wayne is on that list, I think Kendrick is still getting picked. I don't think it matters whether this year you're on the list or not. This I Agree with the year that Kendrick Gamar Has had. Yes, Kendrick is getting picked. Hey, all you niggas with your outrage, have a blast for the next few months. Have a blast. It's fun. The internet outrage about shit from people that don't matter in the grand scheme of things. We all gonna watch the Super Bowl. We all want to tweet away when Kendrick go out there, whether good or bad is gonna be engagement, they're gonna get their money's worth. Stop man. Y'all know the show he about to put on, there Was a tweet that Nikki, you know, speaks to directly.


It's, it says the first rapper to headline the Super Bowl halftime show needed to be someone who would represent the art to its highest degree. That was not Little Wayne in 2024. And so I think that this is where she really, you know, where the battery was in her back. She was already upset. But then she was, she went off after this one. She, what was her reply? Her reply to this tweet was, God will punish you. Mark my words. She, she's wordsmith. I leave And he's performing not like us. Okay So hold on. The man Thousand percent, The man that has not pushed pushed his pen the hardest but gave the game more than one hip hop icon as well as his as well on his watch.


Represent the rap game. The best rapper don't represent the rap game well enough for you black people. Wow. If this don't hurt your heart to read, it will one day. Look at how our legends are. Keep being treated after they've given so much to us. Who are you, you God, judgmental swine. Delete. LOL. You will regret tweeting this life is funny that way. Don't you dare turn your nose up at Lil Wayne, et cetera, et cetera, et Cetera. I love that from Nikki. Me too. And, and I think that she's correcting that. I feel like it's foul that anybody is speaking ill on the legend. That is Lil Wayne just because of the Kendrick selection. But wait, why you like that from her but don't like that from his engineer? No, not from the engineer. I'm saying Because he's speaking both The engineers.


The engineer is your representation. Yeah. Got it. That's your man. That is your It is not this engineers, this is your homie. I see, I see. Doing what they supposed. I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm with you. Like, I Like, I like Birdman jumping in. Saying what He said like I I like the people that are What did Birdman Say? Birdman said big man shaking. SFM or SM fh. Yeah You can read like me. Sorry these niggas, these niggas pussy. She Talking about she read bitch At Nicky, at Drake at Wayne. Y-M-C-M-B. I'm gonna make these niggas respect us on Gladys Put that on Miss Gladys P and shit. For real? That mean he dead ass. Yeah That means he dead serious. He put on Gladys that means he dead ass despite Facts. Yeah. She doesn't necessarily come right out and say Jay-Z but she names somebody.


She names G Roberson in one of her tweets. Are you gonna read the tweet or Not? Yeah. God forbid if Wayne was to leave this earth right now, the culture would be in mourning. Yes we will. Absolutely. That's why so many people keep saying to give our legends their flowers while they're still around to Smell them sitting around all day playing games with people's life and legacy. God ain't sleep G Roberton. You will learn that too very soon. Who the hell is G Roberson G Rob, I don't know what G Roberson is doing today. Yeah. Last I knew he was Kanye in Kanye's camp. He Fucked with Kanye. He fucked with Nicky at one point. He fucked with Wayne at one point. He fucked with Rockefeller. I met him during the Rockefeller days. Not my Rockefeller days.


Fuck y'all. But When I was on Def Jam and g Robeson was working with Rockefeller. That's When. I met him. Great guy. Standup guy does a lot of high level business. He's one of them. He's one of them back there that you ain't supposed to know. But the music business people know him and he does a lot of work. Gotcha. Yeah. I'm not mad at Nicky going off on whoever you go off of. I I I'm not me neither. I'm, I'm not. And feel how you feel. Nick has a little, Nikki has some type of something with Rock Nation. Yes. And the relationships, the the Meg and the, who knows about the Beyonce shit. I'm not even talking about none of that. Now. Meg is besties with Beyonce. There, there's politics behind this that we have no idea about.


It is, It is all I'm saying. I think it's bigger than the music and the representation and who's doing what, who picked who This big deep politics that, that are driving This shit. I just think, bro, we keep hearing and this ain't no no slight at, you know, y'all know I'm a Avenger as well too. It might not even be whole, but we keep hearing Rock Nation in certain conversations when shit is happening. I'm, I'm trying to speak very general here without going into detail, but you know the trial, it was brought up in there, what was going on and people were assuming there was some politics behind the scenes happening. This here could be some politics behind the scenes happening.


If a lot of This shit just be looking connected. I'm, you know, some people believe in the conspiracy theories, some don't. But if shit start to look like a duck a little bit, I might believe it's a duck over there. So, so let me ask you 'cause it It is a deep, a deeper thing. And to Joe's point, I always say that the money, power and respect the power is the relationships. Yes. So When, you start playing big boy games and niggas with power look out for their own facts in any genre. This don't take This shit off. Hip hop ain't do nigga ain got nothing with music. Yeah. This shit don't got nothing to do with him. Life and life niggas with power look out for their own. If ICE's daughter needs a job and I'm in the position to get her a job, guess what happens?


She got a fucking, she gets the job. Yeah. don don't care who the other applicants are. That's how the world works. That's a fact. You understand what what I'm saying? And So I just think that this, this is a lesson. Now I don't necessarily know if Jay-Z is out here pulling, playing puppet master. I'm just saying in, in the real world. That's how This shit works. And to, to your point, When, you piss off one of them people. They they, they got power. They have power and they have relationships and that phone call can go very long and affect you in more ways than one. There you go. True. Yo, good luck to all parties involved. We will be watching the Super Bowl. I'm I'm watching the Super Bowl either way and I don't think you niggas got the coones enough to not watch it.


Oh, please. Y'all, y'all, there's outrageous They can't they can't wait to watch it. And even, even the the the hate Watch it. Yeah. Hate watch it. They can't wait to hate watch It. All of y'all out there called me and absolute lunatic for saying that Travis Scott's numbers was a so sack of shit. Y'all I gotta meet you. Y'all told me that. And respect to Parks. That's my man. I ain't even talking about, I'm talking about the rest of Y niggas. Y'all told me. Yes, of course. Travis Castell dad. Yep. Oh It is one of his best projects. Said The last album sold Remember? And the newer generation, the last album, dude 500. I came on here and said some shit that was wrong but it didn't matter in the grand scheme of things. Some Travis Scott numbers was easy to spot being a sack of shit.


And great minds always tell y'all fuck the first week. Let's look at the second biggest drop in hip hip hop history. Biggest drop in hip hop history. A 96, 90 7% drop from 500 or whatever. That bogus number I don change. It's, it's all fake. It's all bullshit. don don't care. So I'm calling you Travis Scott fans to the carpet for calling me crazy for saying that me and I and you and me, I was never saying that Travis is unable to do that. He just didn't do it here. He just did not do that here with the album that came out before and now you here and again that nigga put some Asics or some special shit in a box.


Put some T-shirts in a box. Like enough of these fucking bundle games. Enough. That's all it want. Y'all owe me an apology. That is all I'm saying. I want my apology. I don't care Y'all out there that don't know shit about shit. When a fucking music professional is telling you, hey this looks fishy, just shut the fuck up and roll with it. That's it. Who knows more. Y'all who never sold no records or me who sold a little, little, little bit of records. Me, me, Oh Shit Travis Scott.


With the economy being what It is, ain't no new album, great artist, nobody know where it unid this. Now you going come piss on niggas tell us it's raining and just do this off the whim, off the cuff, out the blue. No rollout, no pro nothing. No promo, nothing. Just 500 Smacker nothing. Travis Scott. Oh yo. My old my my 2010 album Yeah. Is now on Stream. It is the number one selling album ever. Drake. It Drake ain't selling this three Travis. 60 week one Scott is coming week one to tear the Travis Scott. Get the fuck outta here. Did he the I know you niggas that play the bundle games. He is the bundle game. It ain't just him but I'm saying he is the game though.


He is the fuck motherfucker niggas. He's the bundle game. When they came up with the bundle game, they pulled Travis Scott in the fucking back office. Hey this is what we want to do. Sell some Asics. And I'm freestyling with ass. What? I know. I know. But. yeah, It is him. It is shorty that I can't say 'cause y'all gonna attack me but her. It's a couple of them. Taylor did it but she do it different respect. Taylor, she can get that off. She d she can get that off. But even that the best of the best. The biggest of the biggest. Everybody Beyonce sold 600 pounds. This nigga might sell 500 Taylor couple 1.9 Got it.


Hey you Got it. Put the whole industry down though. No, the world is our our country. Right, right, right. The supermarket, everything is down. Everything. The gas station I keep seeing niggas pulling and pull out. Yeah, you ain't stand there long. Oh Nah. They ain't no money to Spend. I was in Indianapolis. I'm telling you. You seen, you see what? I'm happy you went there India. Yeah, for real. Why? Because you seem to have gotten an education here. Oh. And Perspective change. So shout to Jeff Teak. Shout to fucking dj. Shout to Bishop. I went to do the five 20 podcast. I fucked with them 'cause I was out there. We had a blast. We had a slice. I bet we laughed and laughed and laughed.


When niggas have a certain sense of humor where You can just laugh at shit. That ain't even really supposed to be funny. Like somebody just say a sentence like Jeff G say yo, congrats on your gold plaque. Stop playing. I know your sense of humor dog. Stop playing with me up in here. Did Zaire shit. Shout trenches. Shout. Shout to ej. Shout to Tim. Shout to Zaire. Did the Trenches podcast. We was going out there as a crew. I was going to do Zaire shit. But they had a game week one. They was playing the Texans. We met somebody that worked for the dream who was playing the Fever.


So we got some Kailin Clark got some Kailin Clark tickets right after that. But we go to the game. I'm on the sideline with it now. I hit Zaire the night before and said Hey what do I wear? Just Joe. It's a football game. Don don't go to football games. Oh okay. What did you have on yo? Throw a little. You got a coat jersey on You. if you had on some of them wide ass Bergdorf pants, you better not. you know What you had on yo. I didn't know what the wear was. What did you tell us? What you Now we gotta know So I. You get a little Jersey. So stupid ass me. I call, I had ball, I hit a linebacker the day before. Hey what do I wear? He says treat it like it's front court side of the NBA game. I said the NBA game is indoors.


He said our shit is indoors. We got a retractable roof. He did. He did Ish. I said okay cool. He Did It. Throwing, throwing. Listen, I'm thinking it's a little nippy. I'm not Indianapolis nigga. I throw him throw on Dior pan Dior sweats. Oh My God. You had, you had some Crocs On Dior sweats? Nah, put them Dior sweats, Dior sweat top Cool on the feet. I think I gave 'em some Chanels or what was that? Some ess, some whites. Some of these You can dirty up some dirty some shit. Them whites that was dirty already. That's why she won Range roll. Yeah. Yeah. I'm with her. Yeah. I don't Think that your girl should be able to watch your spending habits and then come to you and say shit based on what you think you make.


My girl don't even know what I make no mind your fucking Business. No. She know what you ain't. Your girl Know what you make Ballpark. No, no, no. Don't say Stop, stop, Stop. We do that too much. Don't save Niggas. She know what I make here. Same thing. Same thing. We the same nigga. She know what I make. I'm here nigga. She don't know what nigga. I'm like this is the only definitive salary that I Got. it is me. No, what I'm saying my other money. You answer my question. You answered. Don't point at me neither. Nigga answer my question nigga. Your wife know what you make up here. Does your girl know what you make?


No. Alright. You a G So. I. Yeah, he He's the collector. She's in her half. So we ain't even gonna Does your roster know what you make your roster? Absolutely not. Ooh. Oh stop, stop, stop. You pulling ice. You pulling the ice in. You pulling ice right now? I am. You gonna do it? Yeah. I'm pulling ice. Wow. Oh. wow. Oh. Shit. Boy. I light you up. I'm telling you. So, I, So. I. Go to the game. Zaire tell me to be at the game around 11:00 AM I know games have start at one, but I'm thinking hey, it's an experience. Tgy. I'm not gonna tailgate. Tiana was telling me about the tailgate shit. don don't. I don't have no balcony at my hotel.


So I gotta come downstairs to smoke. I'm not used to that. I'm used to a four seasons balcony where I do what I want. You do the old school shit. Pay the five. No, you don don. He don't believe in that. No, you really not old Joe no more. I might take it back. I think I gotta take it back. Not yet. Not yet. Wait till we have our fight first. Wait till we have our fight. Fuck me up because I got you two niggas. I got you two niggas. But let's have my fight. Yeah, I didn't pay the fine. I'm not gonna smoke in this beautiful establishment and have the housekeeping people come in and be like, ah. Not in the red state. They already calling me Monkey and all types of shit. Lemme just go downstairs. They stop man. They ain't call you no memes. I'm telling you that It is different.


Whites out there. I feel like a lot of them had like a red state nose like they eyes was sunken. The nose got pointy. Like they, like in New York, the whites got a myriad of noses. It's like a melting pot of noses. Yes. They go to Jersey so the whites are here. But fuck it cool. I go downstairs, it's game day 8:00 AM Them niggas in nap town and shout the nap town. I'm making my jokes but man I had an amazing time out there. Go downstairs. Them in town. Wake up 8:00 AM with the sports jerseys on. Yeah, 8:00 AM They got, fuck it don't matter. Andrew Luck, Payne Manning, Marvin, Harrison jerseys, they ready And the shit right there. The field is in walking distance.


Yeah, it's right there. We missed that. We missed that football culture in New Jersey because our shit is in West Bubble Falls. We can't walk, we gotta drop. But when You can walk to the stadium, whole different vibe. So, I get there. I play the So, I'm on the sideline, I'm on the fucking grass. That field is a much bigger in person. This is your first football game, don Don't go to football game. You don't go. Wow. Okay. You don't fucking with football. Why would I go to football area bro? You, because they're It is an experience. You like football. Yeah, it's an experience. It's It is ain. All the tailgating shit is lit too. That's, that's what I was saying. I don know what That is. Tailgating shit is lit. It's a party outside cooking, grilling, drinking. But then also the fancy experience. you know when you're in celeb, look at, look at the two bougie ones.


I know you see Nigga Tiana just told me she was tailgating. Nigga had to fire Jones This shit. It is, I'm telling you she was. I said what the fuck is that? I'm thinking you following behind the car. I didn't know what the fuck that was. You the, I said you up like that. You tailgating motherfuckers. She said no nigga, her voice was gone. So, I can't understand what she was saying. So, I don't know what I'm doing on the field before the game. But I am watching the players come out. They're doing their intro shit and I'm following Tim around. Tim is like, yo yo. Come to the front. Come to the front. Like the front little come front little shit. During the pre-war up shit. So. I come to the front by Zaire wife Tim is over there. Zaire run over there. I've only ever seen Zaire in New York.


Like you was just at my birthday party. Like you come to pod, like I know Pod Zaire. You seen that one that that was Pads on Different nigga. First of all, When I walked in When I walked in Lucas Oil stadium. Them niggas gave me a Cols T-shirt and a pamphlet that had Zaire on it, making some football faces. I was like, Oh, Shit. That's my man. Look. So he run over there to the side like let's go Joe, I'm ready. No let's go. He turned out It is like, who are you right now? It's killer right there. Oh. Shit. This cts out here. Yeah, this my nigga with the CTE turned up on these niggas. Ct E activated. What the fuck?


But, but it's cool. That part is over. I walked in my seat. It is me, Corey and Ke. I go to my seat. Beautiful time over there. Like I said, Tyrese, Halliburton, fucking Pat McAfee over there, Isly a couple fans recognize me. I'm 3% famous out there. And then they say, and now it's time to stand for the national Anthem. Anthem. And you in that red seat. Sit your ass down if you want. So everybody stood up, they done It is a hundred niggas done. Came out and carried a flag out on the field. Yeah. Folding up and shook it like this. Yeah, yeah. The big flash. Me and Cory sitting there. Hey, the whole field done stood up. Everybody standing up. No y'all didn't. Me and Cory sitting there.


Y'all sack. No, look at Co. I say, nigga, you better put your hat over your heart or some shit. So. I. Take my little hat off. I put it over my heart and hit him. When I hit him with one of these sitting down. Man, let me tell you, I hit one of these in a red state. I know I Colin Kaepernick field boy. That whole stadium looked at me like the hard er you, you gonna sit right there boy, you gonna sit boy we Finn to have us hanging party. Get the, get the Hey stop. That's say nigga old.


We'll teach you some more. We'll teach you. So then I'm kneeing somebody else name too. Yeah. On a player's name. So. I. Stand up. There you go. Cool. And I hit the little lift every voice and sing or whatever the words are. That was the dude That's a black shit. You you talking? No, it's the other one. It's the white one. Yeah. And I'm sitting there listening to the words, It is, I don't never listen to the lyrics of songs y'all ever listen to at a football game. The words of the national anthem really hit you. And if it was a rap song, I think the public would have a better understanding of what it's saying. If it was a rap song, it would just say Yo saved them. Niggas bomb on the niggas.


Hey, hey we went, we loaded up We on. We slid. Yeah, we slid on them niggas one eliminated down and now we're smoking on them. You, whoever wrote that shit. They did a good job. Fancy shit. What's the word again? Give it to me. Oh say can you see that's Smoke Harris. Yo. We never heard the verse that they took out. Yes, but they'll do that. Oh man. What? So what's after the twilight last gleaming. Because that's when they killed nigga the rockets ran. Rockets ran in and the bomb, the bombs bursting in air.


They made that sound break. Gave proof through the night that we were still riding. Yeah. Yeah. They killed niggas. No, no. But anyway, I stood up and so that was a drill record because Condition. That was the first drill record. That was the first drill record. Yo, you need to call out again. you right. Were you right that on them nigga some somehow I think you got a point. They was shoving it to the To the south. To the south, right. So. I stood up. I stood up, sung This shit. Sat back down a few quick shout outs to have. Nothing to do with this broadcast. I want to give out. I want to shout out to Monique who was the Houston Texas fan. Texans fan seated right in front of me with her. Plus one who didn't give a fuck about where we was at.


Anytime the Texans did something good boy. She let that stadium back. She turned up? Yeah, she turned around. Oh Y niggas where at? I was like, girl, you is black. We we all black girl, you about get all that go. I'm sitting right here girl. But. yeah, she made the time. We had a blast. I want to shout out some spot on Uber Eat that held me down at I as I was breaking my diet the whole time. Some shit called meltdown. Best breakfast sandwiches ever. I was ordering my ass off. And then on the last day, Zaire sends us to the fucking soul food spot, which is our country kitchen with a K. Those people kept that restaurant open for only me, Corey and Ke.


We ordered everything. Fried, okra, Mac. Oh. We was sitting there like, oh the blacks. Oh I knew he was gonna buy, he gonna find out some black black people out here. Yo, that happened to me recently. I was down all the way down, you know, south Jersey, whatever. Are you up? And a dude Walked up to me. He was like, yo, you from here? I'm like, nah, not really. I was, you know, I could find some soul food. And I'm like, yeah, took the spot sometimes When you out there like that. You wanna find some blacks, you know, find you a black. I thought, I thought you was implying that a store stayed open for you. No sir. No, no sir. No sir. No sir. Because you up nigga we We up to you.


I'm not, I'm not up. Okay. I'm not up. Stand out Your business. We order some black eyed peas, Mac and cheese, catfish and grits. Some motherfucking shrimp. We ordered some motherfucking cream. Corn, shrimp and grits. Oh my God. We bugged out in there for establishment that was trying to close and stayed open to hold us down. Oh my God. Shout to black people in nap town. Thursday of the chest in the morning. J one wasn't heard. Some J one wasn't born yet. When that was out. But. yeah. I had a great time in nap town. Shout out to the white people out there that did not look at me weird.


The people that did not look at me like, what the fuck is he doing out here? Nigga boy, nigga boy. And chapter racist niggas too. Like I like to know when niggas were, I told you I was going to get in elevators by myself. They was like, oh no. You can take that one up. I'll wait. I'll wait for the next one. They Had segregated elevators still. Yeah, I was going through the hotel door. Nice hotel, five star shit. I'm going through the side little handicap door. They was coming that way. And then they bust a hard left to the revolving doors. Damn man, You don't even want me to hold the door for you. I don walk out that door. Ire your nigga there. I, I had a good time out there, but it's very different. It just, It is still amazing to me that somewhere that's two hours away by flight could be so a Completely different.


You can get in the car for two hours and Be in a different world. Be in a totally, Totally, totally different. But I had a great time in Nap town. Shout out to everybody in Nap Town. Shout out to Kailyn Clark. Fever game. Niggas was lit. Niggas had a blast out there man. Real good time. That dope. I am gonna go back out there maybe somewhere around week 10. Ish. Nice. They buy week as week four. Team. I think we play them this year. I'm about to. Yeah. I told, I told Pop Pittsburgh player And they come out here. They got the jet and the Giants, they got the jet and the, so they'll be out here. Shout, shout out to the trenches. Shout out to all five 20 podcast. Jeff, Tegan, all 'em had a blast. Had a really good time out there. I know Y'all nigga zone silly Time. Oh yeah, we're in Indianapolis Too. Niggas are amazing. That's it. Oh That's my birthday weekend. Te Mix. It's lining up a little bit. There you go.


It's Lining up a little bit. Looking Like something. When's your birthday? October 18th. You Libra. I am. Who comes here? No Z. We play in indie. Ah. Might work out. And I'm going on my vacation next week. I'm outta here. Y'all gotta hold it down in Cabo. I'm not going shopping. I'm taking whatever little tiger stripe swim trunks I got and I'm going what? And then you go on vacation right after me. I'm going on vacation right After me. But you don't have no Tiger stripe swim trunks And When. you go on vacation, Huh? When. you go on vacation. I'm gonna vacation and I'm gonna vacation after you. Oh, they tricked me again and try to throw some bash for gang.


Gang gang win. Got some $80,000 house But. yeah, just me and her. Can't wait. Nobody going. Just me and my baby. Who trick That nigga is Five. Oh, Richard's Gonna be so much fun. He tight sick. Nah, this is exactly what I was Mel not Going open for You not pulling up? No. Oh I thought niggas was going. I you usually lemme stay at your Business. Well that pod that I was like Mel pulled some bullshit so the vacation is canceled the next week she came in here and said I'm going on vacation. So she went on vacation. Everybody here has taken their vacation.


Maybe except for a couple of us. This little section. I didn't take my vacation yet. But hey, Your vacation's gonna last the longest though. This Little road mouth, Little cat Corner. I ain My vacation. Vacation. When. you just put me Take no vacation yet. You said you were going, I know it's Me And you and Park who Was last week down to workup in this bitch. These three do the fuck they want anyway. Nigga Niggas ain't taking vacation yet. Do y'all want to get into We was on football a little bit. Do y'all wanna get into what happened with Tyreek Hill? We could. We could. And the body cam footage was released. I think it was disgusting. Y'all take it away please. It's even more disgusting. I'm obviously a Dolphins fan. Been very out about that for years. Yes. So I watch a lot of dolphins podcasts with a lot of local media.


It turns out, aside from the egregiousness of the video, the lane that he was pulled over in is reserved for players and staff and anybody affiliated media with the game. So not only was it, I think they caught him for 10 miles an hour over the speed limit. But We know who's in this lane. You're in a McLaren F1 or whatever the fucking car is. Some wild shit. you know exactly what the fuck you're doing. And this is all additional police hired by the Miami Dolphins to make sure this event is safe. Wow. So anybody out there that's gonna be like, oh, Tyreek's asshole or whatever. He was acting like a dick or seen it all.


I've seen it all this week. you know, That week adds more context. He wasn't a lot more context. Now it's like all I'm one of those, but These motherfuckers were power tripping. I'm one of those saying that he was acting like a dick. How? But with that context, do you still hold the same opinion? Yes. Why? Yes. I hold the same opinion. How? Granted, I I'm not saying that the cops were Justice. The is a coon. No, stop it. Fucking huh? I Got it. I just want to ask how. Yeah. Y'all Have It. Is he being, I'm I'm trying to How? Oh Shit. He don't like that coon shit. No, no, No. I don't. I fan don don't care. I promise. Okay, go ahead. Police inconveniencing you for any reason. Right. They do that We know this. Not saying it's correct. Not saying they should. we know This shit happens.


I'm saying is at that point you have two choices. You could just hand do what you gotta do to get the fuck outta there. Or you could be a dick and make things worse. We as black men know this. He, him choosing to act the way he did made things worse. Not saying it was right for it to start from the beginning, but you made things worse. Huh? What do you do? I just told you, you ain't saying nothing. I want you to be specific and tell out I'm being specific. The whole rolling the window up, the talking to 'em like, yo yo, don't knock on my window like that. You are, you are cop These We know police are looking for a reason to be agitated. We know that. I'm not saying it's right.


Listen, I told y'all my procedure When I get pulled over by a cop. Why? Because I'm trying to get the fuck outta here. That's why, not saying I should have to do any of that. I shouldn't, but I'm trying to get the fuck outta here as fast as I can. Give me the ticket. I'm not even gonna say that. But let officer, whatever. I gotta, yeah. Cool. Let me get my ticket. If it, if it's something that's fucked up or It is wrong or you did some bullshit, I'll fight it in court. But I'm not gonna sit here and antagonize or be a dickhead to you knowing that you got the power in this situation. 'cause I don't. And you have. And and we gotta recognize that they got the power. So why do I want to antagonize a motherfucker who got the power, who could be just trying to fuck with me anyway?


Why? I'm gonna give you a reason. Somebody with In. I am. I'm just waiting. Go I don. Cut 'em off we go. Parks, just before you do question. Sure. So you said the cops were basically like hired by The There additional police hired to work The event. Do you think that Tyreek knew that? Maybe. I'm sure it's probably known to some level. Okay. Even if he did or he did. Boom. If I'm going 10 miles over the speed limit, I broke the law. Correct. You pull me over. Correct. Please issue me my summons issue me my ticket, which is my penalty for breaking the law. Right. And let me be on my way. That is how the situation gets handled.


Yo. So, so in that anybody that's going 10 miles over the speed limit, do you pull them outta their car? Nothing was warranted to pull him out of the car. I could say whatever the fuck I want to say. We see white people talk down to the cops every fucking day. Can You, can you stop right there? We not white people. We gotta stop doing that. I'm still speaking. We gotta, we not white people. I don't want to be white. What I'm telling you is your job is to fucking protect and serve nigga. Give me my ticket and let me go on about my merry way. My motherfucking car costs a half a million dollars. Don't be beating on my fucking window like that. And I'm Tyreek Hill. I don't want anybody riding by to pull their phone out and see me getting a ticket.


So that's the reason for me lifting up my window, bro. There's a way to say that. Listen, we gonna agree to disagree. Yo. It's not here it yo dog. I don't have to cower and tiptoe If you beaten on my window and you know what? They are going to react the way they react. we know this is my point. History has shown us that I'm not disagreeing with with you that still don't make it right And that still don't mean weird. I'm not saying that's right. I never said Right. You're not saying that he should shut the fuck up and cower and take his ticket so that he could get home safely. I'm not saying nothing about a cower. I'm saying the whole, yo, why you banging on my window? Just get my shit So, I could go. All of that type of shit. It is going to attack. And I was like, how wasn't this like, like right before the beginning of the game? Yes. Yeah. So he has somewhere to go though. Yes. Yes. He got somewhere to go. Yes. And you know that. And his face is on the side of the fucking arena.


He's a My name is on the fucking pamphlet. Yeah. Yo dog, you are doing this on purpose. Yo, get out of the car. They didn't give him an opportunity to step out of the car. They grabbed him by his fucking face and pulled him out of the car. And there's time when he's sitting on the thing cuffed already. They say get on the ground. He goes to get on the ground. The nigga starts choking him and damn near put all his body weight up. Said I Just got surgery on me. Just got surgery on my knee. And then on top of it, the way they treated Kaly Campbell, who's No we not blaming the victims for being fucking victims. That's what you're doing. You're saying he bought this on himself. I'm not blaming the victim for blaming, for being a victim. I'm telling you before it even Got it don't have to get to that point is what I'm saying. I I know. That's all I'm saying. That's it. I'm saying that we know you saying you have been stopped by the cops.


How many times? A million. I have been stopped by the cops a million times. I know that they will do that type of shit. All they need is a reason. I know. So I'm not gonna give you the reason. That's what I'm saying. But not if you're in a lane. But they do it without the reason. But not if you're in a lane. They Didn't have a reason. I'm alright. Not If you're in a lane that's dedicated to the players and the media. Bro. You don't have a reason. He's in rush to get a Reason to be beating on my window in my half a million dollar car Here. Here's my thing that you Can't pay for. I'm, Listen, here's my thing. My thing is that I feel like the police need to work on deescalation. That's the only problem I have. Like work on deescalation. No, for real. Like they Escalated. They escalated it. Course Percent still. But still that was It is, It is a lot of egos. And, and of, but when it comes to racism, We know this.


It is racism. Yeah. And fuck, Listen, the the deck is stacked against you. When. you get pulled over by a cop. Let's keep it a buck. We know this. So now we have the option of Yeah, I he's well within his right to say everything he said. I'm not saying he should. You called him an asshole though. I'm saying being an asshole, being an asshole warrant, you have to take what comes with being an asshole. You could do it. I'm not saying that, that he did nothing illegal. I'm not saying he did nothing. But you have to know if I be an asshole, he might wanna be an asshole Too true. His his being an asshole is gonna be worse than mine. It's gonna make my day longer. Because He has the power. He has the power in this situation. His being an asshole can make my day very long.


Or I could just, you know what I, I know what I could say to you. Let me get my fucking ticket. So I can go And what? And I have my lawyer and my people and whoever else deal with This shit. Nigga's on the phone go with his agent. When he got pulled over. I'm on the phone with Drew Rosenhaus who got down there immediately too. Who's not, who's not an agent. First of all, he is. That nigga's fucking superman. He So I did what I'm supposed to do. I get pulled over, I'm calling my agent and I'm on the phone with my agent and I roll my window up. You beating on my window my nigga. You wouldn't have beat on the window of some white lady Or a white quarterback? No. Probably wouldn't have. So probably would not have. I Think. And the way they treated Klay Campbell who's a a 16 year vet has won the society whatever the good for the community.


Yeah. That shit yo dog. He's Just there to check on him and they start fucking, they put him in cuffs Bro. I think what we forget too is these people have been rich and have been superstars so long that they don't follow normal rules. Neither. We looking at it like yeah. Ice. If you and I, we in Westfield, we in Clark somewhere, we know that they be on bullshit time. We gonna get home to our family. That's our objective. This is Tyreek Hill then nigga makes more money than the fucking mayor. So if I'm riding through here, 10 mil, 10 miles an hour, sir, gimme my tickets. So I could go on about my mery way. Yeah. He got a game. You don't have the, you don't have the authority or the to talk to me the way you want and I can't return fire. I'm just asking you this simple question. Do you think if he's pulled over, even them being a, even them pulling him over was a dick move.


Yes. We I'm agreeing with y'all. Yes. Just so that we are clear here. I am agreeing with y'all. Even them pulling him over was a dick move. Do you think he walk up there and he don't do none of that extra shit? He just goes off. We don't Know. We don't know. I just, I said do you think we don't know. I I I don't know because my thing is under your mental, under your mental premise, they would've never pulled him over if they was willing to just be cool, they would've never pulled him over. Man, we know what It is. The cop had less, which means that it ain't no guarantee that they would've just let him go on about his merry way without demeaning him. The cop has Some money on the game man. P makes an amazing point that it should be police or people from the community to end up policing the community because have certain care agree about it.


A hundred Percent. I understand what you saying. That's a very passive response from black people. Right? Like hey we're black so we're under a different code of conduct than white people. The reality of It is one, he enforced his rights. Like many people don't know. We do not have to roll a window all the way down. We don't have to when niggas come up, we don't have to do that. That's not correct. I understand that. Correct. I get it Correct. But he enforced his rights. One, two, any police officer, and I'm saying this coming back from a sports town, we again, we in New York privilege, sometimes it's tougher for us to see the effect and the correlation between the city, the politics of the city, the sports team, The financial shit.


With the time with the sports Team. Lemme tell you something, that girl Caitlyn Clark, I don't want to hear another bad word about it. And I'm black. I don't want to hear another peep. I don't wanna hear another peep. We'll get into Andrew Reese in a second. I don't want to hear another peep from the gentleman. I met out. I'm outside. We just outside smoking homeboy that works for the other team says Yo, this is our average attendance and when this white girl come to town, we have to go get the building for 20,000. That affects the city. That impacts the city, the restaurant, the town, everything. Everything. Hotels, cash, everything about economics. If them police had one job, I'm not talking about the black and white of the matter. Y'all could have that debate.


That's without me. If they had one job, it's to recognize the superstar. True they did. And other cops they, the other one did. He was like too late. Do you know who That is too late. And he didn't know too late. But that made no that's, that's when it started to escalate. I feel like the dude got mad that that, oh that's Tyreek. Killes is doing this 'cause he's Tyreek Hill. So Let's curl get, because you get those cops. And I'm sharing this. I've had similar experiences. I've had experiences being in a really nice car in a neighborhood that maybe it shouldn't have been in. And the new cops pull you over. They just been on the job for a month or two and they following protocol, they lock you up, turn around nigga. And then when the sergeant come, Hey Joe, they're new.


They don't know better. They didn't know. We'll get you in and outta here as fast, as fast as we can. If I were here, that wouldn't have happen. Sometimes you get the cop where the partner will try to tell him, Hey that's somebody and that angers the cop. That's more in charge. So all of those things are in effect. Tyre Hill, who Michael Rappaport drafted second in our fucking fantasy football league. Who means something to that city 200 yards and up when he get going dog, you lose your job if you put him to the floor and he break a hit and his, he's already his game day put on and his game day. Yeah. Stop. Stop. I feel like it's their job to know the superstar.


The environment. The environment. Just the environment. Not to be a bum ass nigga and correlate everything to the strip club. But at the strip club there's niggas that you got a little name and you walk up to the door and the security don't give a fuck about none of that. Get your fucking ass outta here. We patting you down. We doing what we do. And It is those people that when they walk up to the strip club, It is the security's job to know that that's Sierra It is your job to know that That is fucking Ty. God I'm just freestyling. Yeah. Shit. Like this has to be handled differently. And for them cops not to know that in such close proximity of the stadium on game day is a vital mistake. It could have been some, it could have been intentional, vital mistake. It could have literally been, oh then lose your job.


It could have been some money on it. Then lose your job. So now you got Mike McCarthy gotta go to the podium and say what hurts me the most is that I don't know how that feels because it's would never happen to, wouldn't be happening. And he played into the fact that he's biracial and like I outwardly look more white. So I it, it fucks to me more. Yeah. And then you got the other star players on the team that's like, yo dog, this fucked me up, don don't know. I still don't know how to respond to this. Or And then you add on to black people trauma. Right. And not to get deep, 'cause I'm not all right now, but now you add on to my trauma. When Tyreek scored that touchdown and do the handcuff celebration, That was crazy.


I Mean you gotta do it. But bro we watching from home. Daw cut. We seen this, we seen this whole thing. We seen this whole thing Play out And so and so my thing is I think that that's my point. But I think that him saying, fam you doing all this extra shit and we see it on tape. I think that that When you cower. Nothing changes. I think the fact that he handled it in the manner in which he handled It is a positive. And I'm not saying that 'cause he black, I'm not saying, I'm not saying Cower, I'm not saying that 'cause he black. 'cause I think what they did to golfer do was fucked up that day. That he took the lane that he wasn't supposed to take. And then they took him and arrested before the fucking masters. I think that was fucked up. But they ain't slam him to The ground. They ain't going no Physical shit.


They didn't shove they fucking nightstick in his face. No bro, They didn't do that. I'm a world class athlete. I'm in compliance and you still put your knee on my back. Yeah. If you Dealing with Put your 200 if you was Dealing with normal blacks, nigga we the fix injury that day. Come On, Come on my back. My Neck. Yo. I was sitting standing up. He was standing up. They said get on it. It sure Scam time dog. The dude ran over there and jumped on him and put his body weight on him. You could've really hurt this nigga word. Now what is the state of Florida's economy gonna suffer behind your fucking little dick energy? come on my nigga. Like I'm not car. I I'm not, I'm not riding with that. Disgusting. I'm not riding with that Dog. I'm with you. The niggas could have not made the playoffs behind this one game.


That's true. It's a lot of potential ramifications behind you and your fucking ego. Like get the fuck out there Over again. A lane That is predetermined to be for players, for players, for staff. Staff or whatever. It's like from the rip it's all bad, All bad. It's all bad. On to happier subjects. How did the men here feel about week one not to be misogyny? We Got it like week one, two. How did everybody feel about week one? I ain't really talking about on flip, but week one Greatest shit in the world. come on now. Yeah, we, it was a, it was a bad, it was an ugly game. But given the circumstances, I'm not mad at it. I take a one. I like the grit. I like that they came out, Hey man, we gotta win without a touchdown. It is, it goes what I was saying, defense, defense, defense, defense, defense.


And Bo went up there and did his fucking thing. He's kicking from 56, 57. He, he went crazy. But again, still a defense. As long As he rock. Hold it down, don don't care who got, who got, who's quarterbacking. You know, I think that the the bills care about trading the chiefs pick That would become Xavier worthy. No, but they they should a little bit, but Whatever. They should still be sick over the Pat Mahomes pick that they traded. Yeah, that too. You're developing a bad pattern. Yeah. Yeah. you know what happens though? We could, we could say that in in in hindsight. In hindsight. Because even if they had to pick, you don't necessarily know if you picking, if I trade you Tom Brady, I'm never trading with you again.


Fuck are you talking about If I trade you Pat Mahomes, we will never get on the phone again. But you didn't trade Pat Mahomes. He did trade. Pat MAs you technically You traded the pick. They traded Pat Mahomes. They still To pick Back Mahome. I'm not trading a team that whoops my ass every year. Exactly. That's my whole family. That's why I'm Mad at y'all. Yo. That's what Carl ID is for now. Yeah, That's that's what I'm at y'all for. I'm On phone. We bummed. I'm mad at y'all 'cause y'all gave this motherfucker in, in our division. He got weapons on the outside of him. He got an offensive line and he pissed off. Yeah. And I maybe should have taken him round one over AJ Brown. But AJ Brown showed up. Brown Ball out. J did. I'm sad for the Packers. I didn't like all the hype they were getting preseason. But I didn't wanna see that get derailed in the way they did In the last five seconds of the game.


When I had Reed on my team who scored 36 points and and willed me to victory. He, He put up for me too. It's Alright. Highest scoring. Wide receiver in fantasy football. I drafted him round five, six or some shit. I got him late and here go Jordan. Love. He not even Jordan Love Jalen Carter I. think that was five seconds left in the game. Malik Willis. Who's the backup? Fuck Malik Willis. I've been in India. I Like him But good for you. Yeah, I've been in Indianapolis talking to football players about how they feel about Malik Willis. Especially since the Colts have him week two. Ah, They're probably excited about that. A feast. They're gonna get Tana Hill Probably a feast and they just lost.


They about to tear that boy up in Green Bay. Yeah. Or they better is I won't be able to get on Instagram for a while, I'll tell you that much. He was tough back in the day. And them football players, them niggas look different in person. Yeah. Huge pause. No, some of 'em be tiny. Ah, okay. Alright. come on man. Stay. That niggas just freaks. I'm done. No, I wasn't even talking like that. But them, them, they let, forget it man. On to more boring news or maybe not boring. We'll see tonight. Who's excited about the presidential debate going on tonight? I didn't realize it was today. I'm a watch. That's what I'm here.


People are having People, people are having parties. A couple of my friends are having debate parties. Watch parties. Yep. Yeah. You going Ish? I I doubt it. Wherever you at a at nigga You gotta fucking mature friend group. That don't sound bad. Yeah, A couple my friends have debate points that Don't sound like a horrible idea. A debate. Little Charcuterie. Mel. Suggested. Suggested that last suggested that we watch It in Don't want hang out with Mel. Okay. That's Pete Mel. Do you think people here want to hang with you? I'm fine. Besides Amani and Flip. Everybody wants to to hang Out with I'm sorry. Keep me out that I don't wanna hang out with nobody I don My bad. I don't wanna hang out with none you. That's Nobody bad. But mine Only is I wanna hang out with nigga because real You think I nigga?


Yes. Yes. And I positioned it as being like Friendsgiving have trays of food invite people watch on this big ass shit right there. And you'll fuck You if you sign it. Stop fucking talking. Like I ain't motherfucking fun. Okay. Fuck you. That's a fact. Fuck You. Y'all gotta stop. And I thought it would be a Really, really Wait. Yeah. Manipulate nigga talking to you nigga let's talking to You can watch the fucking debate with me if she signed the NDA trick me up later. Yeah. I already know how that, how that's gonna, I came over, it was around nine Ish. The lights were dim, candles were lit, 8 cents were burning. He offered me something to drink. Yeah. Hey he cooked a meal while I was hungry.


I started to feel a little, I started getting, I started getting hot and he was my boss. That's funny. No sir. Nah. Insisted I drink. Isn't that basically written into my contract in some form or fashion Anyways. Wait, which part? Oh. Shit. See they don't know. They don't know. Yeah. So before lawsuit, arbitration, listen I read my fucking contract. Okay. You don't got anything to worry about young man? Well no that's not true. s true. That ain't true. The arbitrator still Spanky all contract says Alex smoke a little bit. I mother fuck we talking about? And then I'm leaving this that I could do what the fuck I want on set.


Pretty much That is not on set. That ain't the set. Oh. If we watch it here it's Yes, It is key. Invited me to set after hours after hours. This ain't the set. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. But wait, how I I was braless. How I Oh Shit? Hell no, no. Stop. But wait they different from Iani. No shit. Come here nigga. She wasn't be in there right now. Where she walked in that that nigga Joe. What my baby up? That nigga was scared nigga. Nigga had This shit falling out.


Charade was on Mel before Mel even got hired on some. That's a Scorpio. That is a Scorpio and S Corpio Ting. So yeah, but wait and oh that's funny son. I'm gonna say this and then I'm leaving this. I'm getting the fuck. This is how Ill I am in terms of foresight. It also says, and then I'm leaving. I swear to God I'm out. Don't even respond to this. But it also says in the event that one of you fuck niggas do something outside of this workplace that I don't know about with Mel.


I'm clear. Hey genius. Yo you are a fucking Oh. Shit. You think It is my first run of the mill nigga is a you. right. Whoa. Oh that's funny. Yeah fool. Smart Mistakes are sometimes very expensive. Oh it Behooves You to learn from them. This nigga is a idiot.


That's A batt nigga. Sick all traumatized. Yo. Yo yo man Nigga is a company. Oh I got the message man. Hey burn me once loud and clear. Alright. Yo you're that's the end of that segment y'all gonna have like, but if you wanna watch the debate, I'm down. Okay I'm down. You can watch it with me. I ain't doing nothing. Okay. Oh man, that's funny. Oh Shit shit. Well we was talking about she Lawsuits and shit. She gonna jam one or something. Musical chairs not One of, We know that's her goal.


No. About Goose. Gooses answer Goose. Goose up cold or lucky. Damn. That's what I love about you my nigga. You do that nigga. It is them eyes. It is, see the nigga It is I see the future nigga. I going, the nigga I gotta clean. Yeah I gotta clean. Nigga start at he nigga telling like no he got outta there nigga he got outta there. Go ahead. That's right man. Big man. Oh fuck ain't talking about Oh Shit all. No I was saying we was just talking about lawsuits and shit. Deshaun Watson.


Why are we talking about him? He's back. He's Back. Yeah. He's got two more lawsuits. He got another massage. Yes. You lying Voices two More And this one is alleging sex. Yes. Yeah. Non-consensual sex. Yeah. Yep. Started off as a massage. No more massage and then trans. Yeah, no More massages. I Got it. Is he getting massages from women that specialize in giving massages? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Physical therapists. Why he don't just call Bill Belichick and find out where to go? Why he don't just go to Craigslist? The problem with this is, See He's not, he's no longer, they don't see the value on the field enough to handle this like they did the first time.


And apparently they got a little loophole in the contract. Oh I'm sure. Which was the highest ever. And that's the fuck up part that they fuck around And find out. No, no. They fuck around be sending. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. We trying to get over there, trying to get out yo, where's some little shit be a little flirty, seduce this nigga you fuck around and seduce the nigga and now we got him, we Got it out. We gave that nigga the highest paid contract Ever. Damn. You were cynical nigga to get, that's real life. He's talking about $250 million and you are not producing guaranteed. And I know you got a a Twitch. I'm gonna go on and send that over there to you bro. What? Yes. Okay.


So I'm trying to save my money now. Okay. So what does the loophole say? It's a, it's a, some character clause Like morality clause. You Do some fuck in a Football contract. Bad allegations going Into it. So it was his personally? Yes. Yes. Ah, okay. So what so he fight Like I don't have an arbitration clause in my contract. Oh Shit gotta Get one boy many times y'all were smoking hooping shit. Oh you better figure I'm in your shit. You can make a big amendment nigga capital. I added that shit in Hery as soon as he, That's what I'm saying. We don't got that in our Contracts. Him Alright man, lemme call a lawyer.


Shut Up. Never went with me on no hoop. Dick Shook me. She's like all bye. I like bye. Hey Andrew, dial it up. It was, It was always Okay so what, Okay, so no, no, no. Before he left, before he got to Cleveland, he used to play for Houston. He had allegations of sexual No I know Impropriety. Yes. And so now When, you go to the new team of us being on the hook for your bullshit We on we some closes in there, Some protections in there. So does this mean that he loses everything? Don don't know. I ain't read his contract but His play on the field mean he about to lose everything. He is sticking it up. He's sticking up. Yeah, he's thinking it up. He's sticking it Up.


And that should be a good football Team. And for the team It is like, all right, if we not getting our, our investment ain get that out. We need to find a way outta This shit. Yeah, I get that. So yeah. So we gonna send Self-Sabotage is a motherfucker. Huh? He ain't self-Sabotage. That is self-Sabotage. Are these new allegations? That is So I mean like new or this occurred prior to him being with Cleveland People 2021 of us. 2020. Yeah. So that was before that. That's before then. That's not even Yeah that's, that's not this I'm wrong with because that's important but still a try to get their way out of that. Mm. That's his g his contract was fully guaranteed. Yep. Every dollar.


Every dollar. Oh. Speaking of contracts, how you feel? I'm cool. I think. What does that mean? Oh, Oh, Shit, Oh Shit. What? Look at these two I don Nigga acting Grumpy Nigga got here nigga. He not saying what up the niggas he, he won past nigga. Yeah. Make sure. Alright. I mean I'm, I'm, I'm happy. I I I told everybody even up here you can't find a a Dak. So even if we let him go, we going be shitty for the next four or 5, 6, 7 years Could be because there's no quarterback out here with Dak Prescott's numbers. Sure. Put put DAXs numbers next to Mahomes numbers and you don't have a name at the top you gonna pick wrong.


Okay. You get what I'm saying? So I, It is not D you know you was gonna get paid. Yeah. Did you Pretty much well have a choice but to pay, if you get A good quarterback you got Paid. I didn't think we was gonna give him 60. Shh. Race the rate Highest highest nfl Highest L in history. In history. First 60 million. Yes. Yeah. 231 240. Like there's barely even any little wiggle in there. Yo. Jerry Got it man. Salute. Yeah Jerry That Man franchise. Yeah. Are Y'all gonna be able to play Pay Parsons? Yes. 'cause they can just restructure someone's contract next year. The way that shit works is like let's say Dak makes 60 You can go to Dak and be like yo, we gonna give you 31 million this year and next year and we'll back load the contract for your next two years.


They Can Essentially just pay all that shit be Funny pay pay cash for your contract and call it a signing bonus and move it to All that shit. Be funny. But that's What happens. NFL teams can do whatever the fuck they want too. As long as the owner's willing to pay And Jerry will pay And Jerry will pay. Alright. It's the long and short of it. That nigga Jim Ey run that shit out There. I bet you do. And an Indianapolis airport is too big for nothing. Yeah Like Yo, what's wrong with you dog? Dead ass like the Red State niggas get all The money. It's a major City in the country. Dog. Yeah. Jamer spending out there. I do have a part of the show from someone named Goat xl.


What's Up Goat? Okay, What's happening? Hey Goat XL says personal slash signature products lust and light to everyone. Let's talk branding talk Freaky shit. Yeah. With the recent release of Sexy Red's lip gloss line. It got me to thinking what product or signature item could each one of you see yourself putting your stamp and brand on. We've already seen Ish putting his stamp on hoodies and mugs to build his brand. But for the rest of the group, what items or products would you back as part of your personal brand? For example, I could see Parks developing a signature product in the audio realm. Maybe a microphone, headphones or even a full podcasting audio kit.


Stole my idea and gave it to Parks. It's fine. I've had that Idea for years. That's my pee. We will fight later. Ice could be behind some smart glass frames that are both functional and stylish. Joe might bring out a line of button beard oil to keep that beard game strong. No bullshit. Not watching the debate. I'm not watching the debate with you. I'm not watching the the debate with you now. What would be the product that best represents you and your brand? I feel like he kind of answered that question for us first. Yeah, he Did us couple of us. Yeah. He or she. I'm not mad at the beard oil or beard, anything for that man. I'm not mad at podcasts.


One stop shop equipment tool sets, like all of that I feel like is in my wheelhouse. Mines what? Say you Mines would be an energy drink. Well, four Lo five Loco new, four Locos with K two. Yeah. A little bit of headache. You start to my shit. It'll be some, Hey Salt Bay gonna put the, the fit in there. Little Bit of yo, a little Dasher fence Dash fit Stupid Mel. What's say you Probably something in the health and wellness fitness realm. I'm getting these onesies off. Like This is how you get the maximum workout when Bernice is gone.


Oh my God. You don't fucking start. When's she coming up here? Uhoh. Why She does? I like Her. She is coming up here and And she is likable. Yes she is like nice woman. I'll just be talking shit to, to Mel. But You do. You do. But yeah, I could see a lot of stuff in the health, fitness and wellness space. Supplements, athletic gear, athletic wear. Yeah. That would be me. I could see it. I could do that very easily. I could see, I would support that too. Anybody else looking at me? What? What? What he suggested for me. It would probably be something in like a a a Parenting line. Like socks or something. Right. A what Line? Ooh, a parenting line. Oh. I was thinking about something Like some boxes maybe Like think about something with music And shit.


I got ice maker machine. Yeah. Shit, you gonna get some techy ass idea. Hey you gonna get some shit outta Sharper Images. Shit. The ice is ice maker. Hey Sharper Images. Sharper images. Shit. Yo. Y'all buy what Shit outta sharper. Damn right. Y'all are bombs Crazy back in the day. Yeah. Sharp shit. Well I couldn't afford out here. Yeah them niggas used have a store in the mall. Every Mall I used to just go sit and chill. Sit in a chair press button I knew was gonna say and and they get outta there. I'm ain. Affordable shit and Sharper Image. Hitachi. Oh here you go. Just go.


Here you go. You go right to the Hitachi. That's what you need to put Parks, Oh Shit For sure. He answered it for you. That Too. Yeah he did. And I've had conversations in that Real, maybe some things in the works. Yeah. Come on. Whoa, whoa huh. Things In the worst. Here go pocket. Watch you go. I've been letting you slide white guy but I'm on your ass too. What up some EQ shit. Yeah, you got some shit going on. Parks Little this little that with waves or Waves. You had a meet, you had a meeting with Levi's nigga? No, No. I do know with Mont. They be front Parks. You got, Parks got. He started acting bad in the summertime. Pulled out the colorful pumas. Hey. Hey. It's the fall. It is time to act. It's the fall. Yeah, it's not the fall.


Not yet. Well you're right, it's not the fall. That's They gonna crush everybody With the terms. We still got a few of these 80 degree days out there. Shoot, we got 80 Degrees this weekend coming up. Yeah. 80, 87. That is trash. This shit is trash. Why? Huh? you know he wasn't. I love fall. I love fall. you know me. Me too. I love fall. Fall in New York. I'm trying to get like carried from sex in the city nigga. Fuck they talking about? Layered up. It's time to layer up. It's time to separate the men from the boys when it's layer time, huh? Yeah. Parks pull your little sheepskin out. Yeah. False that. That's how white dicks look. This shit come with fur.


Little hairy little Muffy baby. Dicks. He pull. I nigga got the, yeah, you said Muppet baby nigga. He's got Cashmere helmets huh? God damn. He bringing sexy bags nigga. He sexy bags. Oh man. The Sheepskin condoms. That's why it was a pause. That's what I'm saying. The sheep I don condoms. Yeah, the sheepskin condoms. Yeah. Who the fuck was Lambkin? Oh? Shit? Same shit. Lamb. Sheep. Fuck shit. Lambkin. Dejo. I never used one. It seems a little weird that. Oh, okay. Alright, alright, alright.


What's fucking wrong with you bro? He, he can't help himself. Man. You gotta take that completely off. you know, shit. Hey here you go. Tell him everything that happened. Yeah, yeah. Recap. Recap the bleep. This nigga's a G. What else is important or unimportant? I think we covered everything for the most part. That is Important. When, you say rest in peace to James Earl Jones. Yes. I said at the top, but we can get into it. Let's toss it to Mel. Who's our fucking movie actress extraordinaire. He, he lived in a nice long life. He died at 93. Oh Right. Good. James Earl Jones Coming to a, a black legend. Huh? Oh. wow. Oh. wow. No, no, no, no, no, no.


Let Neil Diamond die. No, no, no, no, No, no, no, no. Because I was gonna bring it up on Patreon because you know everybody is an RAP. James Earl Jones. But then a lot of people came outta the woodwork like fuck him. He hated black people. He hated black women. Had a lot of negative things to say and I was like, Oh Shit and So I just wrote up on the board. I was like, is a person's death the time to bring up their sorted history? So I really wanted to kind of leave that for like a Patreon subject so we could kind of dive into that. I had At that, Apparently he had Rest some peace, mana, rest in peace. 50 50, 60 year acting career. Darth Va Darling on Broadway Fences. He was in Fences. Yeah.


Original. The original. But if you go watch some old, old, old movie, you'll see James Earl Jones pop up and you'll be like, damn shit from the seventies, you be like, what the fuck? Sixties. Yo, you knew kids stopped pulling up old tweets on fucking James Earl Jones. Yo. No, it interviews a lot in 93 he did interviews and said what? Alluding to the fact that he just was not into black women. What did he say? Yeah, We'll find it. We'll find it. That's why I wanted to save it for Pat. It doesn't seem appropriate to mention it. Time Doesn't really? Yeah, I Don't think so. Well you brought it up though. I, because I had a topic on the board because this is not the first person you set up that this happens to set. you know, You set up, you set up, you know I set up, you set up another Joe button narrative.


Huh? You Did nigga. They going, what's up? Alright, let me play white. Outstanding man. Lemme play white. Outstanding Rest in James Earl Jones. I don't really want to hear about his past neither. And what he did wrong. Right now he's the voice for mad black shit. Wasn't he Mufasa or something? Yes, It is Mufasa. come on man. Mufasa means a lot and dark Maer While Yeah. You know. Yes sir. Don't try to look at my screen. If you don't know slaps, you just don't know slaps. You mix. So you should know the slap money.


Lord, you look amazing over there. You look beautiful. Oh My Lord. Here we go. Let's go. Bull Davis. Oh, They don't know out there. If you white at home, sing along. Wave your hand from side. Oh see, let's go. When. I. you right. Still crazy. Let's go break Black. Black inside, down inside. They don't know. It is fine. It is fine.


It is fine. Amani, you know about Paul Davis. Don't do that. What? That's the shit they don't know. Music up in this piece. Nah, I don't know. Music. Is there anything else that we have to cover today? I don't believe so. No, I don't think So. I don't think so either. don, don't So. I do indeed have a sleeper. I am playing a record from a gentleman named August oh eight who passed away. Rest In Peace. Peace. Rest in peace to August oh eight. And apparently his parents or estate holders on August 8th released a tribute project. Oh, from him?


For him. I think they did this the last two August Eighths. Okay. I'm not sure. I'm not looking at it. I just think the song is Heat and Rest in Peace. August 8th, this record August oh eight. This record is called Bruises. you know, I mean we still got a few days of summer left. I Happy Feet.


Happy Feet out there. Whoa. 1, 2, 3. Come On. come on, Mer. I wasn't expecting that. I mean, My bad for the end of summer.


All right. That is brand new. Brand new, brand new music from August oh eight. Again. Rest in peace. This song is called Bruises. Hey, hey, hey. Wait up, wait up. Okay. That song is called Bruises Available in your phone and on DSPs right this second. And the name of that project is Pretend it's okay. That's tough in your phone right now. Rest in peace and do, yes sir.


Yeah, that was tough. I'm gonna play a record off of LLS project. There you go. This record is called 30 Decembers Off the Force. Love that record. Yeah, this record is hard. Love that. Record hard. You wasn't here. You left me on an island. When these niggas came in with their, I came up off the street, took some pissy steps up to the belly of the beast. Which way I go. Kind of confusing. The machines are not working. There ain't no tokens or nothing.


And This shit done changed on the side and it's like I died. I came back. Different faces and ages on their phones or computers. No one is reading the papers. Don't know who's contagious. White lady look funny. This black kid talking about dropping 40 or 20. Only thing on my mind, she won't take nothing from me and the nurse sitting across from me, she really look lovely. And the lady sitting next to me was slow to move her stuff. She ain't want to let me sit down. Afraid of how I get down. Ain't dealing with that shit. Now I'm going on a ride. I wonder how these people feeling really deep inside of home. But again, This shit don't feel like I remember. Matter of fact, it been about 30 Decembers and these kids don't even know who I am. You don't know you in the presence of a real maid man. You staying too close.


Ain't nothing sweet. No sugar, no glucose. Move for the bread and you toast. Been so long, the whole world turned upside down while I was gone. I'm looking at the signs. I don't want to read 'em wrong. You can cut it with a knife. The vibes are so strong. I stand up, step off, step on new platforms. Wow. This shit done really transform her new breeder killers. Yellow wa backs against the wall. Looking at me with a Sno. We sizing each other up. I'll hit motherfuckers up. But I really want peace today. We born like a cease day. They hungry looking at me as if I took their feet away. I Smell the emotions deep down. They are hoping to escape this invisible mental prison.


They're living in like a zombie, walking dead head down and giving in. I see a crack of like the monsters closing in. This dude is staring at me. What a feeling. Holding it in. So a girl who had a rough life living in the moment, playing music on the phone, we conversated briefly. I could tell she hold a home energy in her eyes, make people move aside to do behind the counter. Had a million dollar smile, but something told me he gonna make the world pay for it. When the Bob's in the air, you just can't ignore it. So that's my cue to slaughter off with my crew home. Sweet home to th self be true. Mine didn't sky, but keep a street level view inspiration for the future. Dreams we will pursue. If I made it off the streets of Queens, You can too.


It's been 30 Decembers, still remembering you. A lifelong hero's journey. And I'm always in route. What has now become wine? Started off as me and fruit. It's been 30 Decembers out here. Nurturing roots. It's been 30 Decembers. 30 Decembers. This well aint like I remember 30 Decembers. 30 Decembers, 30 Decembers. This well aint like I remember 30 Decembers. 30 Decembers. 30 Decembers as well. Ain't like I remember. 30 Decembers. 30 Decembers. 30 Decembers as well. Ain't like I remember. 30 Decembers. 30 Decembers. 30 Decembers as well. Ain't like I remember Hear you girl.


Shout on nigga. This ain't about me. Don't put me in there. That's 30. Decembers LL, COOL J, Dirty Decembers, ll and Q-tips smoked at regardless of what Parks. And these niggas gotta say, nah, they smoke Parks bus. That's crazy. That's cool. That's cool. I'm going to jersey. This is Ransom V Don and Conway Midlife crisis.


Congratulations. You made it to 50 years. Congrats. What many didn't think right now that you'd still be here fast, but after this confession. Attention to filler air. Not to mention the thriller affair, but but the last decades of your life that's been ill affairs. You can say that we never knew enough. And while we celebrate, they laugh and them niggas crewed it up. A billion dollar year finished, driven to ruin us. Created by a few of us, owned by those who don't carry the same humor as us. Who to trust when everybody looks to steal what a rappers to like a sweet tooth got us rocking on Sugar Hill. Should have never took the deal. But hindsight, It is 2020. Yes. Now we streaming. They paying us a set of pennies. Might have been when Jay started title then the biggest artist in the world.


He tried to win vitamin we could have united then, but they all got franked when it was time to fight to win. But fear is a spike sin when Jay could Su and Irv trying to put that license in a union for the artist. Yeah, guess this is where the fight begins. Why we've never heard this since somebody had the earth to think. Heard your blink. Feds came in tonight and left Jay's print on a murdered Inc. Damn. Instead of owning rap, we sold some crack. Got a golden plaque for my black soul and turned every soul a black while rolling dice. If you weren on the crack and we saw of control substance who's controlling that? While these old schoolers are doing interviews and spreading their own rumors, happy with backstage passes, they should have the main access showing off all of they slave lashes.


Instead of fighting for all our freedom, they remained the rappers happy with occasional tributes and their dedication while a young about spinning blocks and medication. What a desecration. May I practice better patience, but don't stop the party for me. Continue celebrating chaos. It's Mid, Life, Crisis, Ransom, V, Don and Conway. The machine off Big Jersey is my attitude Was fire right there. Big Jersey. Super fire. Shout out to R, always R. You got real good skin. Pause. I'm watching your little Instagram pictures from wherever you be at that we can't say he Out there. That nigga's skin has got that melanin sun When. you closer to the sun Ray Ran.


Look good. Anywhere in all that summertime, Ralph Lauren. Shit. don don't know how you still Rapp in the street. Shit, My bad. I'm going to Is the streak over Old new music. It is. Oh, the streak is over. Finally let the rest of us breathe on the sleepers. You have been going a little crazy lately and I've been waiting on your demise. So finally We are here. Play some wax here real quick. Gentleman's name is Justin Garner. The song is called RED. HOT. You hear me talking to you nigga? Ooh. Oh man. Oh Shit. The street keeps going ever, ever since he stopped talking to Mel, he be killing these shit.


But You can. We don't need Nomani Sleeper today. My heart and I break yours back. But You can When you touch. You can get in.


You ain't never this nigga You can keep You if you want. You can As Justin.


Garner RED HOT. And it was hot. Yo, why'd you say it was new old music. When did it come out? 22 Fire meant by New Old. Okay, Well nigga, shut the fuck up. Okay. I did. No, you said no. You said new old music and you played Christopher Williams or some shit like that. That's what I was thinking. Wasn't today. No, it was like several. It was like two months ago or Something new for the people that have never heard the slap old for the time it was I know and that's why I asked him why he said you. This is a new, he's not talking to you anymore. She trying to find any, Hey, when did that suck?


Hey, what did, what did? You can help me out right now. I'm not new old. I'm not even saying nothing because you know me. It was new and old. I am Off my fucking back. Back. I Answered you. you know that I Help. It is over. The first six votes you got here was It is over man. Yo, you are. Stop trying to find reasons. I've been looking for those. My sleeper is, I've been looking for those fatigues, but those from those camouflages. So stupid. Oh man. Oh, Okay. Sorry. You know what Sakari came up with? What Happened? No. Even worse. Even worse. I might tell the story on Pedro. Okay, this song Oh Shit Oh Shit Parks.


Has anybody ever played this before? I don't believe so. Okay, this is called Ellipses by serpentwithfeet and Orion Sun. Nobody Has played this. Nobody has played serving me. No, we never heard this nigga promise you. Nobody. That's all you. I promise. That's all you Ma. Oh Shit.


You Like This shit. Ready? This shit. Fire. Right? I see you right. Oh Shit. Get crazy bro. Going, I love you. You you want me to Dig a remix coming though? Pause Inside Joe, Will you me in the What do I? Hell, Okay. Do you still think I'm gonna This? shit? So annoying. Okay, Come on, you Kind of good.


That is ellipses by serpentwithfeet With Dragon Teeth Bras And Orion Sun and Orion Sun, who I believe is from Jersey. I do fuck with Orion's son. Big Jersey. Yes. Yes. Okay. OMG. I. gotta talk to the nigga from Zeus about getting us a show. I no longer feel like this is a pod. We did it. We beat the pod game. Yo. Now It is, It is Zeus time Now y Holler. We gotta turn it up on minute. Go Holler at le me over there. Yeah. Come on to fucking little Tuby action. I embrace It. Yeah man. Oh my Lord.


I am rushing to Patreon because everything is funny. I am gonna play this little slap after my computer. Stop. Changes changing colors. Why is this gray right now? Did I break my shit? Oh man, maybe that's the sun. Well, whatever. Here we go. Whatever. Still confused something about you. Well, I'm looking at you. Keep looking at me scared now. Right? What is wrong with y'all film, baby. It's just Justin. Feel good, right?


Listen, You know the cover for that song is you. You're a freak. You are a freak. You know what? Acapella. Acapella. Listen, keep us in your prayers. Lemme put the headphones on so y'all know. I mean business. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be their dead ass. Don't skip one of us, each and every one of us. Throw us, throw our name in the prayer hat for sure.


Until the next time we bid you a do farewell. Adios, Ariba, dci OTA arvo. So long. Goodbye. Those all mean goodbye. Or a simple head nod will suffice. Remember that life is a series of moments and moments pass. We do. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. We want to thank our higher power for gathering us all here today. And hopefully we will meet back, same time, same place this weekend. It was so great to get the entire gang together, including our fucking Josh Hart Deuce McBride twosome over there, you and Jay Juan.


That's who you would be. Josh Hart. He would be Deuce McBride. But we had a slice. Today was fun. We wanna shout out our guest Doshi. We want to thank our other guests that canceled. Thank God nigga. For their sake. Thank God you was coming in here to heat. Yeah. And there was some more shit that popped up. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. No, I guess might have left. Might have had our first walk off. Yeah, for real. Because dumb abs was, you seen them shit. What? Them abs? What? Yo, come back up here so we can talk about This shit.


Yeah. Nah, because I had questions nigga. Super Bowl and abs. Back to Justin. Y'all hold it down out there man. Everybody have a good week. Enjoy yourself. Kiss the people that you love. Hug thy neighbor. Touch some grass. Do something lit this weekend, man. What it flag? Did you, he sent the cover of Mel's flag. Did you see it? No. Yeah. Take a little I don. Look. Just go a look quick. I don don't look at my phone while we're recording. Well just take a look at it. Lemme, he sent the cover of Mel's sleeper. Melyssa Ford. What is it? Did y'all like the song? No. What's wrong with you? Not now. Not now.


Not now. Just now. You took it. Not now. I hate that song now. Yeah, lemme see it. Fuck that song. It was, I sent it to you too. You said It is a nigga sucking on another nigga's nipples. See, It is not just my spot. Y'all sound mad, homophobic right now. Homo. What the, did you like the song? No. No. Did you like I didn't like the song. Not Now. And This shit is called Grip. Oh my God. I didn't do the math. I didn't do the science. Yo Math. come on. And now that I'm looking at his name, serpentwithfeet, I'm done. I'm not, they gonna say I'm are you haters? They gonna say I'm on some obsession. Y'all are haters. You liked the song until you saw the artwork.


This nigga got the Ish contacts in Shit like that. Get your heart attack nipple. And she gonna find somebody with some pretty eyes. Boy. Oh. Shit. All right, y'all hold it down out there. Stay well. Stay blessed. Help. Peace, love, health, wealth and prosperity again. Shout to our guest. Shout to Patroni. Shout to all the subgroups out there. Shout to everybody. Hey listening. We couldn't do it without you. Our little clip is going viral of how we reacted when not like us came out.


We saw the dancing around Ish. I love Mel getting up and dancing. Y'all see that little white girl Bop? She do to not like us. Oh my. Any fun plans for the week? Any fun plans for the week? Fun plans for the week. You still settling in? Nah, I'm about to settle it in. But it It is 87 degrees. So. I on find out. Do some fun. When? This weekend? This weekend. Oh. I'm in Cabo and it's not 87 out there. So. I Don't think I'm trying stunt. It's not, It might be higher, you know. Nah, 80, 85. The week before was the 90 something hour. I hate when that happens. Not don don't be liking that shit. The extra heat. Right. But You don't do nothing.


Yeah, but she gonna want to go out there and tan. I gotta sit there looking stupid. Oh, you Don't want, when it's Sunday now she'll be like, oh my god, I can't even tan. All right girl, come on, let's go put a DVD on and do what we do with just fucking lay down and Eat. That's it. We get to fucking Eat. That's it. Damn. You can't tan them. That's crazy. Oh Damn. I know, but come on up. This nigga's nuts. you know that right? That is Strange. Huh? You because that's the fact. He's nuts. It is a facto. Niggas do fucking eat. That's it nigga. Yo. You don't come lay down girl. Shut. come on, Come on, yo. come on. You don't need a resort though, Right? No. The hell though Nigga. Nigga is fucking nigga we got chefs In there. No I ain't Gimme Some pancakes with some bananas on the side.


Please. I ain't get the 90 room mansion to leave it. Walking around this whole shit. Butt ass. Hey We gonna talk about that on Paton. How nigga left? Niggas left. You hanging for real? How you stupid nigga? I can't wait until I, nigga. Yeah, because the date changed like three times. And then I got Disinvited Get ice, get, I'm not, I'm not involved In this. And then you took a vacation? Yes. Because I thought I figured This shit was not happening. No, because he told us it wasn't happening And disinvited me. So again, Well I disinvited you 'cause you was Wildling. But then I went behind your back and asked niggas, yo, should I, you want Mel to come then I'm gonna fly Mel out. Nigga said no. So Mel A Don huh?


Huh? What the What? What? Nothing. Nothing at all. Yeah, we not Mandy, yo can you shit don't mean nothing to us. Can You, can you play Styles P Good times for me. Why? Just real quick. I just, I just wanna see how how it sits on me. I had nothing to do with you. I just play how it sits on you. Yeah, course. Are you mocking me? No, I have nothing to do with you. A song. I have anything to you. This whole episode, girl, I got no problem.


Shit. Every day I need an ounce and a half. Sp the only flow that you know with a bounce in the half. Listen kid, I need to mount the cast. So. I can roll up, hop in the whipping, like bounce to the A. I get hot 'cause I'm in the hood. The guns is around to take a punch just to ease the pain and humble me now and I roll something up because if I'm sober dog, I just might flip, grab my guns and hold something up. I get pie a kite. I'm in the zone alone motherfucker. I'm dying at So I up back fat as I could. You got SP hood?


No. Hey we got four more hours of this I. gotta get it. Ain't four vac K. Now stop it. Stop enough. PJBP. Where would You, would you be without the J BP now? Y'all look great. I gotta play it again. JBP Where Would you be without that nigga? Haw, smashed. you know shit. Smash his guy so mad at me. He said nigga, hold on, hold up. Wait. Huh? Nigga wait. You gonna keep going? you know what's Funny about it? How do you tie, how did you tie your shoelaces like that?


You what style is That? is that Che some people? Shit. Che. Where'd you get that hoodie from? I've been looking for any like Girl It is over. There's no more is you. That nigga. Huh? There's no more questions. Yo. When, I put this TV show out. If they let me, if I could get y'all's TV rights, if yo It is gonna be crazy nigga walking in a nigga party. A nigga walked in a nigga party like it was his birthday. Yo. Surprise yo. I gotta believed. Hit everybody. Surprise Oh. Shit. Everybody it I, no he not lying. Y'all swear to God he not lying.


Everybody was happy to see you. Huh? Dead. Yeah. Nah, dead as proposed at my wedding. Pretty much white. Yeah. Wore white. Yo. You're a fucking fool. A nutcase. Why are you like this? Honestly, tell us before we leave white nigga. We would just hype to see him. Yo. We, I acknowledged whole area was that whole nigga. He was like Oh, Shit. It's like Case we were talking. What? I swear to God. No I know. I know. He said that nigga girl looked like nigga, why you to see that nigga for high Stop y'all.


You coming? Coming. Oh. Shit. Yeah. We have a lot of fun on, on Paton. We are. Listen, enjoy yourselves out there. Rest in peace to James Earl Jones. Rest in peace be king. Rest in peace. Rich homie. Quan fucking rich homie Quan and rest in peace. Fatman scoop fat Fatman scoop. We love y'all. Hold it down one.