
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Oh, let's go. Let's go. Yo, this is Where The Magic Happens in pun intended. Oh shit. Yeah, that was dope. My mistake. One each time. This is Where The Magic Happens.


Let's go. Huh? And my boy. Eh? Yeah. Yeah my boy. Come on boy. Back. We back. Yeah. Welcome back. I about say little welcome back. Isn't, isn't Chance in the cut. Isn't the my boy. I got my boy back. We back idiot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ready now? Yeah man. Go to any block now. Any block. Huh? You know how It is. Yeah. Get your guy back. I go to any project now. See you boy. Yeah we you nigga. Yo. And then Mark coming in the couple. Hey.


Oh. Shout out to my girl Mel here with us in spirit. Always at work. Shout out to Mel which is dope for the fight, Mel Spirit. That's fly for the fight. I got it. Like I'm just saying for the fight like when we go to the block, got her spirit better to have her spirit than Oh my God. Is there a way to fix it? Duck. How y doing? I think he's being funny talking about some flies. He police, he punched him. Police we have get off of to see you nigga. How you feeling to be back A man up in this piece? I'm good. Mean cool. Don't do cool shit. Be what? But not today. How you feeling? My nigga don't do that man.


Of of a few words shit today buddy. Yeah don't start there. You know. Use as many words with me as you used with Mouse Jones. Nigga talk. Oh shit. The same amount of words. I did a word count. Nigga talk with me. Let's go a word count with Mouse Jones. Yeah. I just been up here not shooting at nobody for real. Idiot been up. I just been up here like being reactive to things. Here we go. Just giving bullshit. Takes the topics nigga. I ain't had nobody to just randomly shoot at me. Yeah. I've been letting fucking mark been shining up here because I can't shoot it. Niggas. Yeah. Come on man. My man's back now you back. We miss you nigga.


We back. We miss you nigga. Act. Act like we up nigga. Likewise. We love you. Act like you likewise said likewise. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Came with the fresh. Shay came here with the fresh Shay. Oh yeah? Cleaned up. Nice. What you thought? What your thought in ain't no place this. I love you nigga. This nigga walking chook box. He Don't say I love you back but We love you. That foot is wrapped up. Boy. Ain't stop nothing. Yeah, I know nigga moving out here like he moving out here like he Cliff. I don't know what that is. He Cliff yo. Don't know who heath clip is. You? Yes Nigga don't, don't look. No I ain't say You right. It is a Cat nigga.


Oh yeah. He was the man. He was a thug. We happy to see you Ish. Likewise my brother. How do you feel man? You got the surgery. Went all the way. He flew out. Got the Yeah, It was, I'm good actually. I thought it would've, I would've been in way more pain but it ain't really, it ain't really hurt. Like on a, you know how they say grade your pain on a one to 10? Yeah. I don't think I ever really went over a five. Oh yeah, you from start to finish. Even y'all seen me when, when, when the shit happened. I was still laughing, cracking jokes and all that shit. Niggas like no you couldn't have definitely tore your shit. You, you being too silly. Usually niggas that usually they say dog niggas be calling the ambulance and being a different type of pain. Well you been shot before Too. Yeah. And nigga And And has that good insurance he got.


Yeah. Oh yeah. And niggas, they ain't gonna let that pain get, get butt so high and niggas With your past that you know that that knock anything down y'all niggas, you got no heart. You got no tolerance. Nigga got pain tolerance nigga knock niggas, niggas, wives nigga you don't give a Fuck that. Your heart not there. You don't feel shit Man. You don't feel shit back in the day. Yeah. Where did this come from? Back in the day. Back in the day. Right. This nigga's a nutcase bro. Back In the day he ain't give a fuck man, Look at him. That's not true. Look at look. That's not true though. I'm good though. Thank you fast. Look, Beat those eyes yo. It Be the eyes. No he was slimmer back then. Hey, We're not gonna body shame Ish to start this. He's injured. He's injured. Are you kidding me? How do you expect him? How long been going?


Two weeks. How do you expect him to get in the gym? I meant old like this. I'm in the gym. This is the pod gym when you miss a few episodes. Yo. I don't know why people haven't picked up on that one yet. You gotta exercise. Nobody picked up on that one yet. Gotta come back in shape. If there's ever a time where you miss one, don't let it be two or more episodes when you get back. Surprise, surprise. It's up. Jokes on you buddy. It's up the whole, the whole through. Nigga had the whole and tuck them jokes Bo. Yeah. Come on. Body shaming is in. Everything gets in. You crazy. My man is back. Have You been doing a lot of candy to like deal with the pain? Zero. Oh no candy Nigga. Triceps is strong nigga. You been holding yourself up, huh?


Oh yeah. You gonna get, You gonna get stronger. You. Oh Yeah. Nah, shit. Different. I know. Welcome nigga. Lose Weight. It's annoying. Lose weight. I'm down with You. Right. Cool. I'm in the gym. Let's do it. Can't get up and snack So often. I know it's annoying. I ain't even gonna joke too much on your shit. 'cause I do know that it's, I'm sure it, nah you know what It is yo. It make you feel helpless. I bet. Like from so mental. Fuck the physical part. Yeah, the mental part is more like, Have you considered going shopping for a sweet ass cane? What? Fuck no. Cane ain't gonna help you. Why? At some point you're gonna need a Cane. It ain't enough. You, you gotta, you could get a as all my motherfucking bins, I got bins. That's true. But eventually bike. Yeah about bike. Some rims on my shit.


I'm be popping out here. Oh you gonna trick your shit out whites on this shit. I ordered the bag. I'm sorry. You gonna put the back a little Saddleback for white dog. I came in this bitch today with four waters. That shit almost killed me outside. I had to, now I'm put em in my bag. You know what I mean? Bet bet ain't off because you're injured it. No it's not. Bet ain't off 'cause you're injured. Four. He killed some time. He wasn't here for two weeks. Nigga. He killed some time but you know. Nah we can, why don't you just Amazon or whatever. Some water's here too. That's not part, that's not our, that's not the, we can't do that. We gotta bring water every time you come bring water. Yeah. That's cool though. But that water, you know shit's heavy. Yeah. So I'm, I'm on the crutches.


The back and you Got help. And you got help 'cause wife, you listen to the joints so she makes sure. Yeah. Get your water. Don't forget I put it on the counter of you. I put it on your little Willie. I got your keys on top of the water. Nigga. Get your water. I like that. So how long they think you're gonna be like this? You need an intern? I go to the physical therapist next week for this. Hopefully I could get this off. Remember I had the boot. I wasn't supposed to have the boot. Ah. The first doctor I went to was on some goofy shit. So I wasn't supposed to had a boot. I was supposed to had this, you know what I'm saying? Pitch the right way and all that to to, to promote the healing. 'cause your foot supposed to be, your foot's supposed to literally be like you stepping on the gas 'cause it's bringing your tendon back up to touch each other.


That nigga had me like this stretch. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Which is counterproductive. And they said that the scar tissue and all that shit has started forming. You could be walk fucked up for the rest of your life. So we're not doing that. So it's fixed now. Right? It's being done the right way. Yeah, because honestly I didn't care about all of that. Yo. Your act anyway bro. Yo, the boot, the boot is like four months. I'll probably be on the booth for four months. Is is it being done? Thank you. Yeah. Yeah be there you go. I ain't want to hear your testimony making It is an idiot bro. It is an idiot. Oh shit man. I'm so happy you word four months though. Happy as shit man. Four months roughly. Got it. Oh right In time for the summer.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Ooh. Hey you ain't fooling nobody dick. Yo. Yo. What's wrong with y'all? Us? Us? Yeah You right. Yo us. You right. Niggas turned everything into some bullshit. I heard the clip yo. Yeah. Word. You went to LA Oh word. Oh you went for the surgery? Huh? We looked up. Looked up what? The doctor? Yes. You nigga's got a mental problem. Hey what the hell? You right. I'm not ready over here. Y'all do what y'all want to do the phone lock and just be forgetting everything that the Doctor doing. That doctor shout we charade working together. Lock phone now.


The mental Ass fucking got Man. We happy to see you man. Yeah, Thank you. Damn son. I know and it's cool. You be Lucking up with the nice doctors. Were you cracking jokes? Did you give the doctor a nickname? Hey Doc E Huh? Doc E. Something wrong with did You get the Aaron Roger shit. Yeah. So It's like some It's new real, real minimal. Yeah. Yeah. Small shit like little couple holes screws and they pull it up dude and pull it down. Oh get, get that deer antler spray. That's next. I'm sorry, what's wrong? Wi Ray Lewis shit. Deer antler spray. Yeah Man, that man good to get You right. Go ahead. Oh you didn't forget how the pod right.


As long as you forget that's it. There you go. Yeah, Poquito come back speaking Spani. Yeah. Yeah he was in California so that makes sense. Yeah, adds up Track. I ain't go outside out there yo. I know. Scared I don. No, not, not at all. I'm scared not in LA. Nigga's crazy anyway. A lot going on. What I missed? I don't know. What did you miss since you've been gone? Yeah. What has happened differently since Ish's been gone? Not a whole Lot. Not really, but this is Juju Nigga. We out here moving man. We just waiting nigga. We kept a seat warm for you to come back. That's It. Nothing happened. You ain't make shit Phil. They forced me to be, they forced me to be that guy didn't want to look this way but I quit smoking.


You did? Yeah. Congratulations. Huh? I quit smoking man. I hate that guy. No, no. I hate the guy that just walks in the middle of the prom. Walks up by the fucking function. Just does that. I really that I depi. How many days you want? This is week two or three. That's good nigga. Fuck that. You know it. Week two and three breathing and shit. Some stamina, breathing shit. I spoke to your mother. Yeah, she told me. So you, you and Corey I bought you some. What you gonna call it patches? Mullin leaf. Oh. Ah, you Own Mul Leaf? Oh yeah, Mullen Leaf real good for you. But I gave it away but I I'll buy you something.


I did but I bought it some. Come on. I told you I was buying it. You, you gave my shit awareness to somebody. No, lemme tell you what, you don't skip a beat? No look, you don't skip a beat. I wanna hear this. Don't let it run. Please. I bought, I bought the mullen leaf for Joe. For Joe and only Joe? Yeah. Okay then Danny called. Oh say yo man, the mullen leaf yo. Yeah, my love, my mugs are low off. Nah. And then my godfather, I told y'all he was having some issues and some surgeries and all that shit. So I gave it to him to make him to phlegm out his lungs and all that. Right. So I was just like, yo, I'll replace it and buy Joe another one. So did you replace it and buy Joe another one? No. You can't walk? Not yet. Yeah, not yet. Now it's Amazon Park tried to give you a out.


I did. Yeah. Good. All God does is fucking play tricks on me. See he do that and it force you to have to care about his godfather. Hey yo. What's wrong with you Ike? What's, why you the stick is a nut ball. Yo. Fuck man. Like when he put it that way It is like you good all man you good dog? Nah, but I got you though. In my, my head. All I heard was I gave it away. I'm getting your shit away to somebody. I put your fucking call him up yo. Alright. No I'm joking, I'm joking, I'm joking, I'm joking, I'm joking. Coming to re coming to re report the pills? Yeah. Oh yes. Toxic jokes. Yeah. Fucking go. Oh, I feel so good.


Alright. Ah, my phone. Yeah. Yeah. Get up. This shit. Did y'all keep fucking talking when it comes? Get up the griz, get out, get outta there. Oh, you in my phone? Yeah. Your shit lit. You in my phone. This shit like the tunneling. Oh. Sick shit. Chill shit. Go through that shit. It is, It is. Hills in there. No hell, he just can, It is. Fuck it up. Alright, I'm ready. Come on. If you go to the doctor and you say you're depressed, they always ask have you thought about killing yourself? Right. They always have to ask that. But they don't ask anything after. If you say no, they just go on to the next question. They just go, oh, do you have any allergies? That's it. You don't care about anything else.


And then I was like, what would happen if they asked one more question? What if they asked, have you thought about murder? Am I Killing one of Y'all? You thought about killing yourself? No. Have you thought about killing someone else? Actually, I have a list and I have school tomorrow. Oh. Oh shit. Shit. I sit alone in my book. Okay, lemme drop. I I didn ain't know you was going there.


Headlight. I can't sleep being burned. Four walls just staring at a nigga. I'm paranoid sleeping with my favorite. Your my mother's always dressing. I ain't living right but I ain't going out without a a fight here. Go see every time my eyes close, I start sweating, the blood starts coming out my nose. Mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2. What up. Up what up Out there. But I don know who It is. So I'm watching my in the covers. I don the motherfucker heels a black hat like I own a black suit and a cane like my own. Somebody say take a hear. Fuck that shit. This nigga trying to kill me.


When every 20 seconds got pee out my window. Investigating a joint for Oh, feels good. Checking my feels so good. I'm staring at the one. So happy to be here with you on today. It is fucked. Make big money. I drive big cars. Every, always for the ladies. Wait for the ladies night. Shout the dope boys. The dope girls out there suck headlights. That move that I ran out the block.


Where is that nigga? Last week that I shot. But it was Yes sir.


Shout entrepreneurs out there on the podcast is out there 22 years ago to keep it on track. Shout on the 8th of October. Toast. My granddaddy came sober. All the fingers in the toes. Now I suppose little black boy grow No matter where you listen from out. Big girl love trauma. The time she was 21 had another one. This one to girl. Let's name a the first best in Peace. Anybody we lost recently out there.


The boat working out there. All the DJs out there. Listen. All the streamers out there goes all the out there. All the up, up. What up, what Up When back? Hey, let's start with some hip hop, hip microphone.


Check. One, two, one, two, one, two. Greatest, greatest podcast on earth. So happy to be here with my brothers. Keep that applause going for the best crew in the whole world. Yes Sir. We these drops out the way real quick. Yes sir. Flip, flip, flip, flip again. Shout out to our sister Mel here with us in spirit always. For sure. What, what episode is this? Eight 10.


Welcome to episode eight 10 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by Powered By Fueled by PrizePicks. PrizePicks Gang you.


I am your humble, grateful gracious. Happy to be here. Fully dressed, smoke free host Joe Button here with some really amazing people. To my right Queens. Get the money. Queens get the money. Big queen. Slip in in the building. I'm here nigga. I'm here to his right. There We go. Oh Hey. Oh. Woodbridge is finest. King Wawa Mr. Thousand doors himself. Huh?


Happy Ramadan. Everybody out there you might know Miss Ish might Nomez whatever fake name he gave you in the club that night. Hey Might know Miss Dance might know Miss Ish. We so happy to have him back. Man. Feeling good, Feeling great taking this out there. Please make some noise. Poor brother man. Come on man. Come on man. Man, man. There we go buddy. I just want the hook buddy. Come on. Where we at? Alright. It is too much going on. You right there. Back to noise. I don't know man. What it there? Right there.


Just chill. We need Hit, we fucking hit Let go. Alright nigga. You ain't all that. Alright you here nigga. Alright. You ain't you cool. It makes you a little bit. Yeah, we you cool. All stupid sir. Welcome, welcome, welcome work. Welcome back bro. Big freeze is in the building. Yes sir. Up them all brother Ice. Mr. Tank it further. Don't make them do it. You got The hoodie too. Oh for sure. You know I almost gonna get the Hoodie. Hey, how Yeah, what you take Expert chicken and Material out.


Oh, some things It is. Don't change You right back here. Ain't Mr. A beat right at it? Mr. Beat on this part. I was just feeling it. Pause. Okay. We good. Gimme some feedback. I'm cool. Oh shit. Shit. Oh shit. Shady. Shady sha. I ain't say nothing shady. How's aftermath? I mean that's an open for interpretation sometimes when you don't say nothing. It is shady. Yeah man, all that shit's like shady to me. My momma said ain't gonna lie. You ain't gonna lie. He stupid though. It is cool though. I spoke to my mama yesterday so play with me if you want you and Corey today. Why? Hey nigga. That's my peoples. Hey it could be your peoples all you want. Say the wrong thing to me and it won't be no collard greens. Say it. Sorry.


No sorry. Say the wrong thing to me. You don't got juice like that. There won't be no Turkey wing. Are you worried about all your shoes being fucked up? Because one foot's gonna be worn and the other One's not. Yo, I was coming up the stairs other day and scrape the shit outta my sneak on the, I'm like You gonna have one good Foot. So now the right gonna be fucked up and the left is gonna be new in the box. It's some bullshit. What's most annoying about this? Just looking at your shit being wrapped up is thinking of being about to shower and, and them telling me to go get a fucking glad garbage bag. Yeah, they gotta put the bag. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. They got fly new shit now. What they got some vacu seal shit. Yeah. Oh good. And the shit come up like somebody recognized that that glad bag was a mistake and they probably fucking filthy rich.


You damn right. Put a glad bag with a on it. You know what I'm saying? Yo. It is man. No park. You can't really get your, you know what I mean? You can't can't get your shit in no more. What shit in what? You can't. You can't get busy. Oh, it's blow jobs Central. Yeah. Alright. Oh, I ain't saying nothing for that's bad. What blow jobs? No, I wasn't saying blow jobs are bad. I'm just saying that you can't, I'm saying, I'm saying it's great to be in a a position of hey, I'm handicapped for a few months. Chill anything. Should I lie about the handicap? I'd be in a relationship lying my ass like, oh I my legs Charlie artist. Do you gotta get up back. Oh my legs man. My knees get on top.


Yeah, you do it. You do it. Yeah man. There you go. Little couch. Action. And look where your brain is during Word. During the injury. Yeah. Listen, all you gotta do to get filthy rich out there is change the world. That vacuum seal shit is a great idea. Where's Yeah, it's that back. Yeah, that shit. That garbage bag. Shit that it's trash. That wasn't it at all. Oh, Parks is here. I didn. Hey guys, there we go. Hey guys. El My fighters PO is here. Corey is here. Ke is here. Ian is here. Maybe. I don't know. Ericson is here. Avon and Tan are here. Last but certainly not least each and every one of you guys are here. How's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling? What's pop? What's pop? What's popping?


Feeling good. Feeling great. Great man. Great. Great. All right. Good. You're not telling me it's been an hour since I started this. No, no, no. Okay. I'm about to say nice Friday. Have I lost all perception of time? No. It is a Friday. Yes sir. My man bad. Wherever y'all wanna start. Anywhere y'all wanna start? Huh? Anywhere in the world. I'm down to do it. Listen until you get to the gang stuff. I mean My, my trouble, Once we get to the gang top way, I'm telling y'all now I'm tapping out after 10 years in this. I don't feel like that has to be in my ministry. I don't feel like I have to come in here and cover the gang stuff for you guys. Yeah. When Lisa Evers does it. I'll find out about it when y'all tell me about it.


I'll find out about it. And too in, unless y'all, y'all can do it when we get there. Y'all who? Besides me being a disruptor up here, there's been some disruption elsewhere. You know, just hilarious in The Breakfast Club, you know, things be going on up there. It's been a little bit messy and I just want the wonderful Messy in public. Yeah. She's messy in public. Very, very messy. I Mean they capitalize, you know what I'm saying? They capitalize on opening. I think it's dope. You know something that we should practice up here. When it comes to me when I blow up, let's just capitalize. You know they took a page out. Your book came up off that They killing this shit. Negativity highlighted came Up. I ain't, I ain't gonna hold you. I was on hating a little bit. Yeah, they body a little bit of it was hate they body that shit.


What They are bodying that shit. What Is shit, we in a content game my nigga. They bodying. Yeah. Yo, a part of this gig is being box office. We dinosaurs in that. Yeah, You right. That's really what It is. I say it all the time. A part of this is being box office. So it's, It is one thing for fans and just an audience to speculate about what's going on somewhere. It is totally different for one of them people to get home and eat a little bit and get the May. Maybe cut up the, to have a smoothie. Whoa. Something, you know, have a little bit of free time on your hand house.


Clean. I mean, nothing. Ain't got shit to do. Nothing to do. There ain't nothing knowing tonight. Yeah. Yeah. Kids sleep. Yeah, no, no awards, no Grammys, no nothing. And just look over. See they phone right there. Fully charged all green. Oh my Lord. Five bars new. Oh come on. Come on. 5G. What's the good one, jt? I don't even know the good one. Uc, 4K, whatever that shit is saying up there. Ooh. And then he just grab their phone and say, you know what? You know what? You know what? Go live. I'm gonna let 'em have it. I'm gonna fucking let these fucking strangers know what's going on. It's, It is some two words bro. Bro. And what's been happening? Some two words. What's the go live?


I'm gonna go totally off script for this one tonight. Tell all my business that was looking like that. Good. That was looking like, that shit reminded me of the good tequila nights. Oh shit. That shit was like, you just be like, you know what, today's the last day I'm putting up with this. I'm tired of that bitch. I'm tired of that bitch. So a part of me is there with it. A part of me is there with it, nigga. You know how happy I, I think that shit happened right after the pod. It like pod day right after yo, nothing fit. Nothing gets me more excited than as soon as pod day is over. Oh, it's the greatest. The next work day is done. Yeah, exactly. It's the greatest. By the time I get home, it's news hot on the shit.


Are you shitting me nigga? I went right to my topic list. Just said this, did this and gave you Bob topic. Did that. Listen damn, just did such an amazing job being the messiest nigga I've ever seen in my life that I went to bed contempt. Happy. Not me. Not me. I went to bed and was like, yo, no you bugging. I got enough from that shit. I went to bed like, all right, I'm getting up early and I'm going to FM radio for the first time in years. Right? The 1 0 5 0.1. I was so complete. I Fuck that. But then I woke oven, no more sleeping.


Sleeping in bed. And I picked up my phone, I seen the energy out there. I seen a few clips dog getting, I said, Ooh, some breakfast, white breakfast. Wait, what? It's the most important meal of the day. Tell wait you not. No you lying. Because God got a good sense of humor. You not telling me that this bitch did all that last night and came to work. Went to work. That was gangster. No, this is some of the greatest theater. Well that's when you sleep it off for me. This was some of the greatest theater we seen in a while. She woke up and got dressed, talk about Black Air Force One Energy early. Oh and y'all gotta be there early.


Mad early. Yeah. So you there at 5:00 AM five 30, shit might not at somebody. Oh you ain't asleep. You hear the nigga already already hot from I ain't, I'm nigga. And what I walked in there there and what I'm here sit down like nothing happened that's gangster. And came in there to my corporate job with just a Baltimore understanding of things. I was about to say. That's that be more shit. That is shit. That's my favorite. Yo, there's so many components here that are great and fun a lot that are not so great and fun. So where do y'all want to start in that? Start at the live start with with her excuse. Yeah. Yeah. Her telling her story.


So we all know that she was outta work for some time and as a result, as per her, she referred another young lady to fill in, in her stead. She was Pregnant. Yeah. Yeah. So the other Aternity leave. The other young lady came in and now allegedly the radio station told her that this is what we doing. This is a temporary thing. She a producer. When she came back it was four mics. And now shorty done robbed her of her segment allegedly. And wouldn't shut the fuck up. That's the gist that I got out of it. Just had a problem with that. And perception out there was, oh, we kinda like her.


She, she's killing, she's doing us a little bit better than Jess was saying, yo, I'm, I'm in the comments. I'm reading the comments while I'm away. I'm away having a baby. I picked this person, y'all pitting two black women against each other. It was loaded that, that one were the mistake happened. Yep. Reading the comments, reading the comic, paying too much day of attention to them comments. I, I read that. But here's my problem with that. I got Jess comes from social media. Media being a media personality and comics engagement is what fuels us To go. You are no longer on social media. Hold on, hold on, hold on. When you become used to that, you guys come from that where there's no comics. Monsters. Y don't come From That's not true. That's not true at all. When Dick, We come from where there's no comics we come from, From Comic.


Back in the days They was Type of nigga, we had to read it in the newspaper, double XL talking. He talking, we're not 60. Listen MySpace and shit. It wasn't like that. It wasn't as engaging and as quick as, as it as It is now, niggas had flip phones and motherfucking next tales when he was popping how he came up. I'm talking about how you came up. I'm talking about being in media. We have been, What I'm trying to tell you is that the young lady come from that engaging in the comments. When you come from that same thing with me, you become used to reading it and taking criticism from your audience in order to do, in order to say like what I'm gonna do next. It, it helps you. It fuels You. That's dope. If you're business that you're using the comments for or on social media.


Right. Got it. If you're a a social media personality, that's what she, you might listen to the comments. She's not anymore. She's a radio broadcast personality. She's 33 years old. And for me, I say it a lot on here, that's not an excuse for me. You don't behave like where you come from. You behave like where you're going. That too Easier said than done. But I understand easier than Done. A lot of people's easier. It is easier said than done. I You the walkin t-shirt, that just happens a lot because I 'cause flip often in these times of these conversations goes to where we come from and true. All cool. That's true. Cool. We come from that. True. But, so I don't, but But niggas throw you out in the fucking middle of the ocean and say, expect you to learn how to swim.


There's steps to becoming a swimmer. True. There's steps to adjusting to the media to, to what's going on. I agree with that. The same thing. I can use myself an example, but I I wouldn't, it's just steps. It's not as easy when you are accustom of doing things one way. Yeah. If she's accustom of going through the convers and saying, yo, my popularity or my credibility relies on this. That's what you're used to. It just takes steps. It's not as easy as you guys make it seem. I agree. But the difference is wait, wait, hold on, hold on hold. Because she's also used to being one of the people like talking shit online. How about people? So if you, if you come from that, you kind of got, you already have a builtin understanding of how that shit works. That's not true. Ice.


It sounds good in theory. That's not true. It is true. He is one of them. I'm one of them. And Ice takes a joke. Way worse than a bunch of us take them. I'm talking about so talking About comment. Exactly. I'm talking about comic. Hold on, lemme finish. I'm talking about, I'm just talking about giving power to comics. Cool. We ice friends, we love ice. Ice Don't take jokes well from us. He's gotten really great since you've been going. He got better. No, I'm just saying we've been light his ass up. But you get my point. Yo Ice knows that we love ice. I've been laying it on time. We'll go to war with ice. So now if he can't take a joke good from us, imagine what strangers might do in Theory to Ice when he reading the shit.


You understand what I'm saying? Now lemme give you the other side of that. I think that's so backwards though. It is very backwards. Lemme give you the opposite. My friends are joking on me that that's not quite the same. That love me. Hold on Ish. Lemme, can I lemme speak that as the person you're speaking about. Yeah. I give more of a fuck what y'all have to say than them. That's what that was the mentality before was That's what I'm getting bro. You making a face. I'm telling you something. That's what I'm saying. I'm trying to, I give more of a fuck what y'all have to say than them. Which is why they, they've said way worse shit than has been said about me with the jokes up here since they from, for, from forever. So also we don't, we don't need to get caught here because Jess replied to this. She by saying, 'cause she, she dismissed that notion. She was like, no, I just happened to think and feel the same way as some of the people that are online.


It's not me reading the comments and being affected by them. It's, I feel like this and we got a savvy audience who's picking up on the shit and Yeah, we agree. They not influencing me. This is how I already feel. Yeah, she, she said that. Gotcha. Okay. I just want all Yeah, okay. Parts of the argument to be represented here so we don't need to get Yeah, yeah. Gotcha. Caught up right there. Gotcha. When I first heard her statement, I was rolling with her. IIII was agreeing with her like yo dog again, even for us, we, four years into this, I had to turn off the comments for myself because I don't be wanting to See that shit. That shit really will affect how you, it's a public perception Right.


That somebody has of you that is totally wrong. Right. Okay. And and my nigga, we could say, yo, who gives a fuck what the public think? Who cares? Most people care, bro. I don't give a fuck how many, how tough niggas come in here and act like they don't give a fuck. Joe cares and Joe been doing this shit for 25 years and the public like Joe will modify some shit predicated on what the, the, the comments say we all do. We human beings bro. Yeah man. You have, that's not true. You have slow down, slow down, slow down, slow down. I don things. I don think it's off of the comments. I've Joe tell that I don I believe And I said it my own career, that a lot of that's market research.


So you have to be able to read and filter what you should be reading and what you shouldn't be reading. None of that should, like, has that other effect on me. What's the other? Well like I tell story times stack bundles couldn't read comments 'cause he wanted to drive to people's houses and and hurt them. I never feel like that. I never am angry at the things they say. Everybody different and I understand it. Listen, the number one fear in the country for a while was speaking in public. So I make it akin to that. Like is that like a deadly shark coming at you? No, but it's something that people were afraid of.


So yes, that's for sure. It's the thing for Jess when you say It is not as easy as it sounds. The flip side to that for me could be, it could be as easy as it sounds. You coming on a show that has been active for 15 years, 13 years. However not only active but probably somewhere around number one for most of the time most of the They've been there. Yeah. Since they started starting. No matter what you think of from today, legacy's legacy here and what It is. So if these people are telling you, like when Envy and Charlemagne are saying, Hey, they kick my back in plenty of times and I still gotta come in here and do what I gotta do.


And Jess's response was, yeah, but that's how y'all carry it. That's not how I carry it. She missing the memo. She is, she missing the memo right there is your ego and your pride and how you carry it comes secondary to the gift the job. I'm agreeing with you. I I I I'm, I'm totally in agreeing with agreement with you. What I'm saying is Envy and Charlemagne are 15, 20 years in it's 'cause they both been on the radio pre-breakfast club. Right. So it's like a veteran football player telling this young football player, yo, this is what, how you should carry it. You get to that level, you get to that level of thicker skin that she may not have right now at this point in her career.


Okay, wait, that's what I don Wait, wait. Because we still conflating things and, and I want be clear and concise in what I'm trying to say. Granted, I'm rolling with your theory. You ain't there yet. This shit affects you and it bother you. I think that's okay. Cool. Another line needs to be drawn before you get to the internet knowing it's okay. What you mean. Oh true. Yes. I agree with that. We talking about two different lines. Yes, totally. I'm not mad at her for feeling however she feel felt about comments. You just had a baby. This new girl is kind of ill Lauren is dope at the what, what she's being asked to do the gig. They're dope in different ways and they're women.


So I mean, alright can we say it? Can we say it here? We can say it. Where can we say it at? We can say it. We can can say it. You can say it's the same place. Is it safe to say it today? If we have a bleep button? No. Say it the E word. No. It is two chicks and a they gonna do what they gonna do it s like women hate each other. Yeah, they're gonna do it. I think This is where our sound effect would normally come in. In a, in a Istic. I don't think it's that though, but I'm listening. It's It is about, it happens a lot. It happens. I'm not saying it's happening here but a but you to take that into account that two women in the same place, 2K corso, you put 'em in the same cage, you gotta take account for 'em two. You do two king lions also. I think Jess is mistaken and again this is me saying it.


I think she's mistaken in calling it her segment. Her whole thinking around her segment and I left and then y'all started giving the segment to Lauren. To Lauren to do, I just followed her on Instagram. Am I saying her name right? Lauren. Lauren, yeah. And then they start giving the segment to Lauren. And then when I get back to work, Lauren is still in the room. I understand that. It's like you ask somebody to come over for a threesome when y'all finish fucking, that person's still there. I'm serious. It's the same exact thing. So I get her looking at it funny and she even addressed it in her clip. She said, I see why Angela y didn't stay the way that they handle shit up there.


They just not, they just not, it's a lot of framing of shit be wrong. I don't get that. I'm gonna be honest. 'cause this is still business at the end of the day. No, that part. Yeah. And it's not your It it's not your company. It's not You took the words outta my mouth. It's not your company. I think that that gets conflated a lot even up sometimes. But you can still feel a way about how the people are conducting business companies lie to you all the time. Yeah. Even after about what's going on. But what But what I'm saying is the team lied to you about the direction they're going. Well yeah, that part we've seen that happen. A, I think they told her one thing somebody, somebody told her something and I think that's where her biggest gripe was. Yo fam, y'all told me X cool. I come back to work, y'all still telling me X if things have changed, let me know things have changed.


So now that I can move around, y'all telling me X and I but moving why? I see why. That's, that's the point I was making with the topics Jess. That that show has to have a seat. Preferably a lady, a woman to run through the hot topics and internet fodder and famous people gossip for better. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I mean it's the hot topic portion when he does it fucking everybody, everybody, every show, every show has it know where it comes from. You do it. Yeah, I do it right. I try to put a little nigga umph on it but it's still the same. Yeah same shit. Just with the mess was her IP that she created on Instagram that was done a certain way with some opinions to her.


It was a little more than just a run of the hot topics. And that that the line is blurred again because Jess, whether you there or not, somebody has to sit segment is gonna happen, sit there and run through hot topics. Hot topics, topics. Yes. Yeah. Whether we call it Nancy's news, what call it whatever the fuck we call it, word on the street, anything. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever we call it. She didn't need to get to combining ips just with the mess. Should have been just with the mess away from The Breakfast Club and whatever this topic segment is, then that needs to be that. And it also, listen Lauren is really good though. That too, I didn't know about all her TMZ background and all that.


That's always the mistake though though. But it's real easy to look at her and listen to her. She could read. I'm seriously, that's the mistake they took. They put Jess in a position to where she was fucking up the shit because she wasn't reading with the, with the fluidness is all I'm saying. It's a fact. It's not Joe saying it. So y'all have to look at me. Stupid didn didn't say nothing. No, no I'm not, I'm just trying to listen. But she, but see that's where you, that's where the mistake come in because if, if I'm suggesting somebody to hold it down while I'm going, I don't wanna suggest nobody that's better at certain things than me. But why not? If you confident what You do. 'cause that motherfucker might stick. But that's the other thing where Because It is the mess you confident in what you're doing.


You can suggest somebody let, I want go On better than me. Alright, listen, that's, that's the other spot where control was the illusion. I'm putting somebody here as the company. That's good. No matter what. If you have a suggestion that will help. Awesome. But you don't call this shot. Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah. But the company lied to you And she kept saying, she kept saying I'm the one that put her there. I'm the one that put no baby. You not, you not the one. Even if the one even she was never on the radar. You're not the one that did that. You didn't pick they, they still had to pick that. You right. She's, but see she suggested her. Come on, let's have the uncomfortable conversation. No, listen. So the first day I'm pro Jess, I'm, I'm riding with how she explained it, how she delivered it, all of those things.


It just seemed like corporate doing some corporate shit. So I was rocking with her the first day until the next day. And then I was like, that's when she went to work and when she went to work and, and they all confronted and now you hear the other sides of the story because there's always other sides of the story. Sure. And now envy is saying fam, if you felt like that, that's cool. I spoke to you off camera and I told you that let me know what you feel and we going handle it. 'cause I fuck with you and I love you and I rock with you. I'm gonna do what you say. If you don't want shorty in here, she don't have to be in here. Right. That's the other thing. Stop right there and highlight that shit yo. When somebody is coming to you and asking for honesty sometimes, sometimes it's best to be honest.


Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like we live in a world too much where Yes, our egos and our dicks start. Well not in her case, but don't do that bro. Our dick start Talking. Don't do what I'm gonna get you don't do that. Stop. I'm serious about what I'm saying. Stop bro. I don't know what you think about, I'm serious about what I'm saying. You're not, that was the moment to say how you really close. How I don't want this young lady true in the room while I'm here. Are you talking about her? This was pitched to me as the three of us. Yes. And it should be the three of us. She can get her great producing ass to where she was. I'm sorry, I thought you, I thought you were saying speaking from the corporate side to tell Jess that no shorty is doing good so she's gonna stay in the room. That's what I Thought. No N said that he if I if I Come to flip.


No, I understand. You're not gonna find an easy way to, to deliver messages anyway if I come. It's not about the messages. It's It is just saying if if, if he say yo flip, be honest. Tell me how you feel about up here and you lie. We do what the mail all the time we do with the Mel all the time. Yeah Mel you wants to hire another girl? No, hell no. I don't want the thought of nah Mel cut her eyes in and a bitch and she think she thinks you done walked in here. You that Mel dead honest. No, don't hire girl. She ain't gotta go further. True. You know I now look, now imagine if Mel said yeah sure hire another girl. It'll it'll be and then we hire a girl. I I I was, I thought you was speaking for another, I thought you was saying envy and them, you should have been honest to her in real time.


I'm saying she shoulda been honest. Got it. Envy I'm with you because Envy said yo, I pulled you to the side. You my nigga and I fuck with you. If yo, if we have a conversation and some topics come up and I'm like flip and I pull you to the side on the balcony and be like, yo dog did that bother you? Do you mind when I speak on this and you like nah I don't give a fuck my nigga and Then feel The way and then when I come in here and start talking about that shit you like yo, that's fucked up. He be bringing my such and such into this like yo fam, I gave you an opportunity in which to say I agree that you felt a certain way. Yeah that's true. So that's what they said. They said that yo they pulled her and was like, yo dog, if you don't want her in the room, we'll make it to be what? She not in the room. You said Nah, I don't give a fuck Because sometimes you wanna be Because now Shorty's greatness going be here with you Now because sometimes you wanna be a team player, you wanna show that there's nothing that's bothering you.


You want be careful for morale up there. Be Careful about that because obviously it bothers. Now if you say that then it comes out that you said that you don't want this girl who is killing on there. How did that make you look at the End? How does it make you look now A Team player? Yo. And that's the trick to be team player. You gotta be a team player. You have to be a team player. Yeah. Got it. As far as you can't trick greatness. You know what it takes to be great being great. So if you know that later on, actually that comes up today when I fucking do my quit smoking shit, I'm not smoking. Last time when I quit smoking and then I picked up again, I was sneaking to go smoke like I was tricking anybody but my own self and my own body. So now I don't do it because there is nobody to trick but you, you true. But you gonna know when you can't breathe. This ain't for nobody else.


Yeah that ain't for nobody else. That's for yo. If you know what's about to happen when this girl come work here full time, save it, save yourself. That's true. If you think of and this girl is good and this girl is attractive and she could read and she got a background and, and she's winning over public perception by just doing the job and she's non-threatening like could fit in. Like she could work with three of y'all. She could work with four of y'all. It's mad problem step with It is good at her job ass head ass girl. Yeah. If just being honest with yourself. That's true nigga. If you like yo, nah, I don't care if Steph, come on, Steph gonna Steph when he get on the court, my nigga Steph is gonna Steph and yo man, that's why y'all reacted to Mark Lamont when we I why, Why you keep doing That?


Because that's me and Mark joke and I love that joke. LA y'all need to watch that clip. Who y'all, when I was like, yo man, think about Mark Lamont coming up nigga. Yeah. You keep forgetting the fact that You know what He doing talking about Yo stop. Yo, I'll fry you up. I'm that is me and Mark Joe. No Earlier what you did that earlier that day. What you did, what did you say earlier that day you were work And that's Bullshit. Hold On. That's not what took place on it. Stop. I'm just telling you what our joke is. You was because we at that footage like that. Don't don't make the joke like that. Exactly. Did you see the footage he's being I was there. I was honest with you see the footage? I was here but did you see the footage? I wanna watch the footage.


No, didn didn't see but I I I remember the moment he criticized our work earlier today. No nigga Joe was playing with our intelligence that day. Joe was playing with our intelligence saying Yo, I'm bringing Mark Lamont up here. Lamar, Lamont Hill here for y'all. You wasn't bringing him here for us. You were bringing him here for you. There's a very big difference. See? Not to me. We ain't have what's for y'all, what's for y'all is for me. True. Ah come on. But you said y'all, I don't think it's a difference. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You said y'all, I'm bringing him up here to give y'all some relief so that each one of y'all could have a day off every week and me and me so that each one of y'all could have a day off every week. Oh I forgot about that. I forgot all about that shit. Oh, didn didn't I didn. I forgot these. We ain't got the days off nigga.


You must have forgot. I didn't forget. So why we didn't get our days off ake because Mark is too great. What that gotta do with our days? See I got you. I'm here. You don't have man Man, I'm Sprite. I'm Sprite, I'm lively today M right. You got, you said you ain't forget ain't ain't he Sprite nigga stick to one point. He got you. He don't have me. No, I'm responding to the point initially that was the thinking with Mark and that's what he liked to do. Not account for thinking changing. That's true. Okay. Everybody gets the day off. When Mark got here, he was great at his gig. Amazing with everybody that was here. Amazing. Killed it. So I just kept him. What'd that guy do? What that gotta do with if he so No, no, no.


I got him. He was too great. I got him. Nobody gets a day off now and he's so great. No look, look, if Mark is so great, why is that a tough decision to make? No, which I'm agreeing that Mark is amazing but if Mark is so great then when you give ice a week off the first week, Mike Mark is so great that we not gonna miss ice. Then when you give Mel a day off the second week, Mark's filling in. So we not gonna miss Mel then Ish. Then flip and go around the board and that was week and he didn't get your premise and you told me I couldn't get a day off. He didn't get his dad. But that's not what happened. He didn't get his dad. What happened is you insert a player that improved everybody and everything. So now you keep player in I don't understand. No, the play I don't understand. We are not talking about the player.


The player stay we talking about y'all. Yeah, no y'all a better when he so everybody in that's bad to say no. Which means that your premise sucks Kaka because maybe it did. Oh yeah, did your premise was phony. Fuck I, no, I didn't know Mark was gonna come in and do that. Stop. That's not true. I'm not letting you, there's no way you gonna say I did not know that Mark was gonna do that. So what you brought, I don't want keep breaking the, but I did not think that Mark was gonna be, what do that guy do with everybody in here getting their respective day off? I never remember. Wait, let me reply to you because stupid me thought that everybody was already giving their best, which was a false premise. What do the I'm We on know You roll.


You better roll. I'm we pick. I don think I got you. You don't Pat Paton, I think I got you. Bring this back to Paton. You can't stand here on this if you want. Definitely if you want. I don't think he got you wanna talk about Pom nigga. There you go with the bullshit. Got your favorite uncle is back. I get it, I get it. Favorite uncle I'm be back too. You know what you like now I'm happy to be back too. I ain't gonna say it but you know what you sound like now. That was no low blow. All right, well you continue on. Let continue. Continue on now. That was nasty. That was crazy. What? He just said. No you was you too nigga. You nigga that was you.


Crazy right. Bad lady nigga. Impro two Yo. Joe is bogged out. Yo. You not. You bogged out too. I am but he crazy. Yeah. Oh yo you boy you special my tomorrow. Shout my nigga. You special but in. Thank you. My brain missed this type of gymnastics. Get your As back work nigga. In closing man. Prayers. Everybody up there man. No, no, no, no. We ain't closing. You what? Talking about ain. Nowhere near closing shit about that stuff. If you tired of this, hit the 15 second button buddy. A couple times. Yeah. I'm, I'm staying right here More. I ain't even throw the trick question out there. Oh, didn didn't know there was more there because now Charlotte, so I thought she went up there and they squashed it.


No wait, hold. I wanna defend Charlamagne folks by a minute. I, and, and I seen, 'cause you know, I don't really watch the watch club. I wanted y'all forcing me to defend Charlamagne. Charlemagne and Joe are really similar assholes. Try to turn everything to a joke. See that Charlemagne kept trying to joke them. But that producing, I'm producing time Tom because that is the part where I was like, you know what? I'm forced to come to work and shoot Charlemagne some bell. 'cause maybe people just don't understand. But I didn't like people holding him to the fire for saying that he was gaslighting. I mean, even in the moment Lauren did it to him, but she was like, yo, you keep laughing through it.


But this is real shit that we never addressed because y'all get to laugh. And I understand that point, but I don't for one second think that Charlemagne was trying to make light of anything that was going on. He wasn't either. He trying to make the show. I think he was being a professional. Yeah. I think It is still a show. You talking about somebody who has probably been in the most uncomfortable media moments in the past decade. That is true. He has a bunch of them. That is true. He got a bunch of them. He a compilation of them. No, that's his list. He's in the lead. Yeah, he's in the of uncomfortable media moments. I think this was another uncomfortable media moment. And we are watching a professional try to navigate through something.


I agree. Thousand percent that I tried to work through before it got here. That didn't work. But now we, so now we in the moment. Let me just try to navigate that. Right. And they was on his ass. I didn't appreciate that at all. I think I felt like it was an attack on me. I, when I looked at him and all of the shit he was saying and all of the shit he was doing, you just kept coming to my brain like, that's some shit Joe Day. Me coming. Yeah. I ain't gonna hold you. It did make you understand you a little bit more. No, that's, that's the shit you would've did. That's some shit you would've said without, without being in the situation. Yes. That was it made me understand you a little bit more. I was like, that's some shit did. But also if you understand me then you know that I tried to avoid us getting to this exact moment way before we got to this moment.


That's true. Which is what it looked like they did. But, and I could see something else when she said that Charlemagne text her and was like, no, tell her shut the fuck up. That's something you would've did. I thought that was, I thought that was great advice too. It's not great advice because now that gets us to over here further. You know what I'm saying? Way further again, Charlemagne's and, and It is not wrong. Charlemagne's brain is, the show is paramount before any of us. That's how, how this should be treated. This all this art, Movies, music, tv, broadcast, anything creative. The the product should come before I'm not, I just wanted to get that out. No truth. No listen.


And the other side is, I'm not saying you saying it, but the other, anything other than that is a disagreement. True. And that's the big problem. A whole bunch of money came into the content space and now we are dealing with a whole bunch of just humans in the content space. But the content space used to be everybody saying the gig is the gig. Yeah. No, no, no. Look, so I saw Joe in Charlemagne when he like, no, that's some shit. Ian would've said, no bitch, shut the fuck up and we gonna rock with that. Right. I saw that. And I'm like, yeah, because he's putting the show first. What you not understanding though is these are human beings that may not view it from your lens because they not there yet.


And in that moment you're not thinking this is a show in, in the moment. She's not. He is. And I'm talking about, I'm talking about the people that Yes. Yes. You're not thinking show in that moment. Yo, you know where it's okay to not think Show hold, hold on off the show. Off the show. Yeah. Anywhere off the show. You want to not think about the show. You could go do that when you are here or not here, but you know. Yeah, you are on company time. It is Showtime. You art time, you are audience's time part. I've been home mad not man, lemme take that back. 'cause they hang on to my words. Literally. But I've been home jealous at these sports niggas. Oh, I'm so jealous. 'cause I'm a competitor.


I want to compete. These sports niggas are turning it up. They, they wildling out there. And by default that means that fucking cam and them is wilding. Brandon Jennings just all just talking on his show was like, yo, you know what? Honestly I'm better than everybody that came out in my, in my draft class. I'm better than Ty Law. Ty Law. I'm better than fucking Drew Holiday. Line him up. I'm better than Jeff Teague. And I'm sitting there whether he's supposed to say this stuff or not. Damn. That looks fun. I'm just watching the effects of you saying it. Yo, that looks fun and that look everybody reps, every bro niggas. And now the show is hit its score but it's a little different.


And I'm looking like that's what's missing people. That's just for the content. I don't give a fuck. But no, see what, what the rep reply is be in their space. We could how you looking at me? Lace em up nigga. Right. We could prove this right. I'm gonna crack your fucking head. Lace em up. Jeff t probably was like you said who missing the point though? Look, look I get it but wait, lemme just say it for the people that may not, he don't have to know how to beat them. Three people in one-on-one. He could lose when Tylo responded and Tylo was a beast. But when he responded, my first thought looking at the clip was you'll never beat him at the content game because you just on there personal.


You just replying. Yeah. Im you impersonal personal. You score 45 once you da da da. It just wasn't as saucy as Brandon saying whatever the fuck he said. I'm jealous that shit. I Love it. Turn up, compete, compete, compete. Niggas is getting too busy out here. And I done ran outta all the names of the people's backs. I like to kick in last decade. Now I'm fucking older, mature, fly with everybody. Everybody's cool. I care about y'all's feelings and mental health. All that shit that didn't exist before. No you now I'm coming in here. You want me And just reacting to shit point. You be trying to get me to shoot at him. I let's all shoot no nigga. See that. Shoot. You be wanting me to shoot.


I ain't your pit bull nigga. I know, but you should be. But you should be. See, and that's the problem. You too much of your own man with dignity. As soon as I get somebody that's my pit, Buller coming here flips pit pit. No he not. No you're not. He still, he still tried to be his own man. He's a puppy pit. But he tried to be his own man. My own, I need I, that's the problem. Everybody's their own man. So why don't you shoot yourself, nigga? Oh shoot yourself. Wait, I don't, not no more don't wanna shoot at not at the niggas you want. Shoot at you. Shoot that niggas who won't back have to give you Go shoot, take it all. Go shoot at Jeff t reminds who you were. Nigga Joe Button won't shoot. Jeff, you'll shoot today won. You'll shoot that nigga without guns. I love Jeff t though. I know. Wait, I'm sure not shooting at Jeff.


No, I I'm sure Brandon does too. I'm talking, I'm making a comparison shoot at the Jeff Teague or the Steven Jackson or the Matt Barnes or the Gill in that arena. You won't, you don't shoot no more like that. I can't and I wouldn't. That's what I'm saying, the equivalent to Gilbert Arenas. No, the difference. The difference. You won't shoot at him. The not anymore. Yeah. Nigga pray. Yeah. Our father with Art in heaven, how th name thy kingdom, thy will be done Earth. You won't trespass let shoot, you won't trespass. Nigga ain't going on that block one. I want to start with first. I love you. I love him too. And you got the power to grow.


I wanna start with, I love Ish and I like a refreshed, rejuvenated Ish. Oh boy. It pushes me to be the best I can be that to the side. You're right. Thank you. Here we go. You're right. Thank you. But I wouldn't and I won't because I don't have a peer in the space. Oh you I don't have top of the Fu J huh? Yes. I'm telling you something. It's subjective though. Yeah, it's not. It is. It is. It's not. It's not. It's not how I'm telling you because it's quantifiable. I'm telling you it's not. It's not, it's not.


Now I wanna say rest in peace. Combat Jack. I feel like anybody black that's in this space doing it, we stand on his shoulders. True. Yes. That's a fact. I like it. Yeah. I start there rest in peace. Combat you the net pause. Anything else? It's very different. So I don't, and I wouldn't because stop the people are building. I've been there. I love these people. It's a whole new genre for everybody. Everybody go crazy but Joe get, get out of the black space 'cause we not urban, there are podcasts then they can talk yo, then they can talk you, you talk. Shoot. We talking about shoe shooting. We need a clip that say beat. We talking about yo fuck no nigga.


We hot right now. All them white people you talking about. I didn't say no color. The people. People. The table. You said outta the black space. So you're right. They could be Filipino, whoever they talk. Yeah. Yeah if you at that table then talk. But they not talking. Whatcha talking about? No, no, no. You said and I'm not coming out to just start shooting at the serial podcast. What do you think? I look like It is an art to this shit still. Damn the serious. No I'm not coming in tomorrow. The shooting. Yeah. Them niggas is they. They the ones the fuck talking about. I know you talking about. So whatcha talking about you can't fuck with them nigga. Nigga. Yeah. The serious you said you, you said you you they not your peer. So coming here and growing a crusade against, okay so all call her daddy so lemme span your fucking head.


So lemme add onto that. So lemme add to it. Your fucking head my at my peers we don't behave that way. What song is that? Bitch song is that we don't behave that way. I need to upon our song. That's when you win. When you win game. What's favorite word? One of the perks you get is you don't have to, I know, I know you talking continue to shoot at the niggas without guns and play it safe. That's all. I mean he'll shoot. Wait, I don't even think I be shooting at my, my who. I'm not shooting at podcasting no more. I don I know you shoot that nigga. I said he gotta shoot, he don't shoot anymore. He, that nigga said plays.


I wanna what Brandon did, if you wanna do what Brandon did, nigga pick up a ball. No pick up a gun. Ruined everything. Picking up a ball. Oh no that won't happen again. Who you telling I ain't ruin everything back, back. But I don't mean exactly what he did. I just, somebody coming in, we are making light of it just going crazy. I think a lot I think. And so when I see somebody going crazy, like something ticks on me know what thence Is. I think the problem is real quick is It is relationships. Nah To me like if, if niggas ain't care about relationships, niggas just go Crazy. That's part of it. No but this plays a big part. Them niggas is talking about, we talking about content space now them niggas talking about hooping. Hold on. Niggas in our demo bleep this name gonna see you outside and might have a problem.


So that's where it gets a little different. I was just getting ready to say content. I don't look that way. We living in content. I don't Love it that way at all. You shoot back. I don, I don't, I don't make it look like that at all. We in the content space. But even that And you would go crazy. You would be out here going crazy. Oh yeah but you choose not to because like I said, him at nigga freeze, talk to him freeze who you know won't shoot back. Ah. If I went, if I win a like that it would get expensive. Yeah but he ain't exempt. I can make it so he could never see me stay in the house. He would only see me in the strip club. That's the only place he would bump into me. That's all I gotta see you at. Oh nigga, you know how I feel. If we been targeted, fuck you talking about?


I'm talking about and when I'm moving around moving and shaking looking a certain way just by myself, that could get uncomfortable. That will be expensive. But if you talk a certain way than shit invest you could do that. No I'd just rather not live that way. That's what I'm saying. That's what we're saying. That's what we that's what we saying though. That's what we saying. That's all. That's the only difference in this space. This space is niggas like niggas. Yo, his ego's still there. He trying to, he like this, he trying to battle some to say No I don't think we having no conversation here that I haven't had on my own time. It just, It is just me Pondering a new thought. You Gotta just watch yourself bro. Real time sir. IRL nigga IRT and real time watch yourself nigga you start twitching your lip that Imani nigga start doing that, that lip twitch.


Okay. Count count to 10. Count who, who side let's get back to creation. So that, that's the difference because even Me nigga It is the Same thing I be, I know niggas Jeff because you have to go and you, it gets expensive and you have to go all the way. Sometimes You gotta be prepared to go where one, wherever It is going. The first thing Nigga to do, yo bring that camera and we going like it gets real tricky outside. So if you stand there, just some niggas that stand on that. But there's some niggas Ain't Niggas that do but the niggas that do it are not outside. Not just that they Are a thousand miles away in their fucking crib. Not just that though. Like the Jeff Teague shit, it ain't no disrespect there. Yeah we talking about hooping. We just talk. I Get it, I get it.


So I, if Jeff Teague sees Gilbert arenas, they probably laugh over this shit. They gonna laugh. You know I gave you 50 and come on you nigga don't forget I, you know you couldn't handle my motherfucking carry my gym socks nigga da da da da duh. In our space and in our medium, when you say something shit about somebody it goes right to disrespect. You have to see them outside. It's gonna go immediately. Look at your button, look at your but nigga Put some clothes on you freaky ass boy. You get what I'm saying? So it's different ain. Bitch hook spot system nigga showed up with Bear spray. Oh I what you Say? You ain't been to the hookah spot system? Nigga showed up with Bear Spray. My son was there nigga we was there together. Nigga Said so. Oh he bought you for the for the Oh shit Was the pit bull nigga You a baby pit Me don't bring me around nigga.


It'll be too expensive to bring me arounds, snf. Oh shit. Shit. Oh she gonna be snf that little, I know that nigga. Watch your gonna, he's a cat nigga. Fat shit don't call me. That nigga be too expensive. Bring outside girl I'm gonna go all the way out yo. No but, but when I heard Charlemagne I, I saw like similarities. So that was an education. Yeah, just watching how they navigated that and handled it. But once Envy and Charlamagne said Yo dog, we came to you on the side and said yo, how do you want to handle this? Let us know And you elected to handle it like X.


Now you can't come and complain about how we handled it like X because that was a decision that you said. So now I jumped, jumped ship. Yeah I just didn't didn didn't like the I you you're pitting us against each other. Like fam we, we came to you and said this, I'm cool. Just don't lie. Like some people that's it. But you know what It is, like you said, flip a lot of people It is ego based. It's egos. It is. And I don't wanna look like that person. They the hood. I can't go with the shit and so yeah, nah, I don't care about that. When you really care Is there a wrong time to get pregnant? No. You From a business perspective or A person. I'm just asking y'all however you take it.


However you carry. I thought that was crazy. Said that too. Yeah. However you carry is carry. I wanted to get pregnant now. It is, it's okay. And then after that we'll do the A. Yes. And that'll be the end of that. Yes. No. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Professionally. Unfortunately. Unfortunately yes. There's not a wrong time but you gotta take what come along with it. Yeah. So that the timing could be Wrong. Shout out to her. She has a blessing For your business. I'm not saying personally. Yeah, yeah. For for From a business aspect there can be a wrong time. She said she planned It. She said she planned it. I don't think I did it on purpose. I wanted a baby. So that's what I did. Yeah. I don't think it's right after. I don't think it's the wrong time. I think that from what I heard and I don't wanna disrespect none of the people involved. I think that from what I heard, had sheath spoken up and been honest and forthright with them and said, yo dog, I'm not comfortable with what I came back to.


They would've fixed it. Let's modify this And if they would've modified it then she would've been straight. True. That's what I think. I'm just saying based on what they said professionally, there is a wrong time to for that. That's all. Yeah. Yeah. What you say professionally? Professional's? Wrong time to get pregnant. Yeah. It can't, it can't hurt you. It it can hurt. I'm not saying nothing about children being a blessing. You know I agree with all of that. I'm just saying professionally, timing can, can affect you. I want to speak on this but I feel like I'll put my foot in my mouth. You Yeah, don't do it. Don't do it. I want to talk, I wanna speak truth to power on this subject right now.


But nah, I don know if it's worth It. Nah, We good. Nah you trying to manifest the baby. It is coming. It's Coming. You with some sleep boy You know what's coming. That nigga right with some sleep. Twin girls. Twin Girls. I know twin girls boy. He gonna be Yo, I can't wait. I cannot wait watch. You don't swear. Yep. Something different. Yep. Can't wait bro. Y'all fucking swear. Swear don't y'all know this girl think that if I propose It is supposed to be super ill because I did it twice before to other people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The bar set nigga if you don't knock that bullshit, the fuck the bar set Nigga playing up proposing you gotta go to the Moon or some shit.


You not gonna say Fucking you got proposing space. I understand that. We can't say that. That don't make sense making. Yeah that's what I'm saying. This is like the fucking push gift. Like what are we talking about Here? But you bo the other topic you gotta body that One no topic Shit. The helicopter Nigga. I'm not saying nothing because I ain't get You a ring hanging on the helicopter. Hip Hop. That is some of the Yeah that's some of the worst logic Ive heard. So old nigga you was there. I don't care if love and hip hop body, that is some of the worst logic. I'm sure that there are women out there that think like that. So I'm shutting up. You, you gotta Use real life health issues. Like my back fucked up. I can't go on my knees. You gotta say shit like that. I got sclerosis. What you got GETT can't have been down No. On my knees. It Is like the stupid ass girls that was like oh my god don't bring me to this beautiful amazing restaurant with the great vibe and the great food.


If you brought someone else here before, It is like why that? Yeah. I like this place. That's it. That's the exact reason that I'm bringing you here. Yeah. This shit. I know the vibe in the food is good. Yeah We Had a blast. Me and what's the face? They came here. Yeah. Why would I not want you to experience that? I mean I could go back and get her we go again. No. Or I could take you to some new shit that the vibe ain't popping and the food is trash. That part, that part is absolutely true. But I've only experienced the shitty fool with you ma. What Crazy fucking shit. Yeah. Come with some, come with some subpar proposal though. Watch how that play out. This Shit gonna be regular so I don't think Hey Check your text message real quick while you sitting next there. The ring. I don't even know what, I don't even know what that means. I was what is a subpar proposal?


I know it's not our business to say It is. It is there that I'm gonna say, you know you have a bar set. Yeah You just gotta collect under that created Nigga Bro. It's really that simple. Like you woke and she's telling him put some thought into it. Yeah subpar, you'll do great nigga. And She is telling him, I seen you two times before. Don't Hey won't get seen. This won't get seen. Shit. Nah, You right. You out your goddamn damn mind Now Corey right though. Okay. Okay. Unless Joe decide to have, because she's not gonna know when it's coming first have to be the person to say record. It would be his Decision. I'm only even thinking about this because I want to get it done before ice. What? Racing me for If you gonna do something stupid like fucking ho and Carriages.


No You gonna put fucking in the river park. Pink Roses all over New Jersey, Northern New Jersey. You gonna try to raise the bar and change shit for men moving forward. I'm not fucking with you. I'm doing what she would want. Yeah, I don't like that. I know you don't. Yeah, I don't like that. The the proposal not for me. Shit. Fucking don't try to up it on that. That's not the exactly what you do. Exactly. You do what she wants. I'm not paying these niggas no mind. Yeah. Yo don't up it. It is not upping 'cause it's every up. It is different for every woman. Mm. I'm doing what my woman wants and they ruined my idea already. I told y'all I was gonna go to Turkey leg hut, put the ring inside one of the Turkey legs. Don't go when she hungry. Yeah.


Have them bring it to the table because that was the first dm. Damn you at that Turkey leg hut? That's my squad girl. See? Oh that, that would've worked. That was fine. Sentimental. That was fire. Yo, you know how I know I'm super toxic. I'm gonna say this and I'm gonna move off this topic. Oh man. Lemme get my pillow ready. Y'all know there's people out there today that I won't even Say happy birthday to. Oh no. That's toxic. Do you know that there's women out there that I will not DM or text or just Say happy birthday. I don't understand what's, what's wrong with that. You understand? Yes you do. Like you mean your exes or people that people People.


Women. Women. That's a problem. I ain't, yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Why? I got something I wanna say that shit to. That's so toxic. How that is toxic To not be able to Say Happy Birthday too. Fuck birthday. How is that toxic? Toxic? I don't feel like him. I'm just saying if it, if I don't, I don't fuck with you, you know? No, that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying Happy Birthday is gonna lead to you fucking the girl. Okay. You can have that. So you can't Say happy birthday 'cause she gonna say, oh Thank you something. Or you could just have Say happy birthday and have some control and don't fuck the girl. You don't see. I'm sitting here like what the fuck is, I ain't know. That's what you was talking about. You crazy as hell. Fuck the girl.


No, you Don Say happy birthday and it go right. Why do we gotta go pa? It's just gonna lead to you Got it bro. Shit just gonna fall. Shit gonna be like, you don't have to put a candle in they cake my nigga. You could Say happy birthday and keep it Pushing. Oh, wish. What's wrong with you? Yeah, but he shouldn't, you shouldn't even put paint that position for nobody. You shouldn't even put nobody in that type of predicament dog. Honestly. You different. Yeah, yeah. Salute. Yeah, you bet. I mean that's some other shit. Must be nice to be him. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, you can't even, can't even beat it off. You're like, no, get away from me. No, because he just there. You can't even run from it. You just go. I Love it. I play the worst on the part so y'all can play the best. You made this scenario, scenario. I know, I know.


And y'all like, no. No man, that boy. Stop nigga. Come on prize bitch. That's my man gonna try pull me in. My man is back there nigga. Try pull me in the swamp with a nigga because I seen you Say happy birthday to bitches. Do that. Yo, this guy is different bro. This nigga try pull me in the swamp with Yeah. Ooh. Non-smoking vocals. Oh this nigga is bitch. Not the non-smoking vocals. All y'all know what time It is. Time. My favorite part of the show, PrizePicks. All right. PrizePicks is the best place to get real live, real money sports action.


With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings. PrizePicks has made daily fan fantasy sports accessible to all really simple and easy to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 1000 times your money. So run your game all season long with PrizePicks. Okay, what are we going, what do we got? What do we got? What do we got this week I'm going with and I can't freestyle my line. Give me Jimmy Butler for more than six assists. Gimme Carl Anthony Towns for four.


He's so moody. Nah, he killing. He's so moody. He's killing bro. He's such a moody guy and it ain't no Jalen. He's killing. I'll take the more than the 26. I'll take more than 26 and give me Austin res for less than 33 points. He's killing too. I know. He's, I know, I know he's, yeah. And you know what, Quentin Grimes? Yes he is. He's killing Quentin Grimes going absolutely crazy out crazy. I like Jimmy Butler in the Warriors. I do. Yeah. I like it. Yeah. Let me see, let me see. Let me see if you download the app right this second and use promo code JBP.


You'll get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat if you download PrizePicks right this very second and you promo code JBP, you get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game. Alright. What you got for me? What you got for me? Wanna talk music? Was there any music? Couple joint dropped. Okay, we got, we got the Leon Thomas MUTT remix. We did get that. That he's been, you know, announcing Teasing was coming with with Chris Brown. I know everybody up here love the Leon Thomas album.


Absolutely indeed. MUTT is one of the favorites for sure. If not the favorite. Yeah, it it's, It is high up there. Did y'all get a chance to hear it? I did. I did. Yep. All right, let me hear a little, little bit. I ain't heard let, let's let the people hear a little bit of case they missed it. Let's see. Come on now. Bap. Bap B Bap BBB. Here we go. Bong.


Alright. First verse is the same. I know what we here for, you know, so let's just get to it. Here we go. Boy. Sounds good. There he does real good. Alright, there you go. There you go. CB remix. Because he already had the Freddie Gibbs remix on, featured on the same album. Shout out to Chris Brown. This sounds great. It does. Shout to Breezy Bishop. Glad I got it. Yeah, listen, if you could put one of your better songs out with Chris Brown on it, you should do it. What? You should do it. That sounds fire. No brainer. You put one of your worst songs out with it might become your best. Absolutely right. Shout out to friends of the show Leon Thomas, man. For sure. Facts, facts, facts. Who else came out? Kevin Gates. Kevin Gates. Yeah. Yeah. Kevin Gates came out, he dropped. I'm him too, which is, you know, follow up to I'm him. Of course I I played, it actually dropped on Thursday, which was a little weird to me. Okay. I, I've noticed a couple, I saw like a couple albums, couple singles. People are starting to drop on Thursdays. I don't know if there's some marketing or billboard game they playing now with that. But anyway, the album's great. Like Kevin Gates has become Mr. Consistent to me. He really don't miss on a project. I'm, I'm pausing that anyway. Consistent. Kevin Gates has been Mr. Consistent for me on me. I said for me for he is for me on wall. If you said that would be, I'm giving the wall all either way. I'm just giving it one. I'll take it. Hey listen. So but you said something about his last project. Yeah. Yeah. He really liked his last project, his last, last time he came through. I kinda wanna watch the you good? I'm Chilling body. Just wanna make sure you good body. The last project too. Every time I call this nigga come over, he come slay some shit. Slay the speakers. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah, I'm probably gonna play a sleep off of it. He had two singles or Yeah, two singles that he dropped prior to the album. Kevin Gates is on my Mount Rushmore of niggas I want to interview but I won't. I wanna see the Bobby interview. Bobby's shit she holding on. She holding on for sure. Still I wanna watch this one. Just Hold on. She on I watch any Kevin Gates interview? I don't care. He's on that list. Good interview bro. Never get jokes off these niggas man. Anyways. Bobby, she the one on the defibrillator or she on clear Bob one shit she's holding on. She gonna find him black. She gotta find a black. I mean niggas don't never go to fucking Uncle Jesse from full house to fucking keep him afloat. Nah, that ain't gonna work anyway. Go Kevin Gates. Yeah, good project. Check it out. Shout him too on your cool Jesse. Yo Bobby's shit is in the pit. Speaking of you was wrong. Which happens every leap year. What? How often leap your car again? I don't know. A couple times you here I'm stupid. Oh, I was about to say four months. Every three weeks. I'll be wrong. Lemme not do that. 'cause I, when I listen back to the pod, I sound like a nigga that think he ain't wrong a lot. So I'll take that back. I'd be wrong and I just gotta learn how to sound like I'd be wrong. Yeah, because the way you describe hell bro to us. Yeah man, Baby Steps. That's dope bro. Part of the gift though is sounding right in the wrong. It's tricky. Yeah. But anyway, but at least you could admit that I'm wrong. The pit, let me hear, where was I wrong? How was I Wrongest? I it good first of all. Yes. Yeah, the pit is good. It is good. I wasn't never trying to say the pit wasn't good by the way. No, but the you didn't sell it at all the way you Yeah. You didn't do it right Pitch. You didn't, the way you sold it. I started with it's, it's like a old FX show. I don't get that. Stop it. And then y'all said New FX or old? I said Old fx and y'all was like, oh that's good. So I'm not, wasn't trying to downplay it. Well the way you, you downplayed it though. You were saying shit, don't connect between the, between the people that work there. You made it seem like outside of the patience, there's no story that carry on from episode to episode. First off, it's, it's, it's almost 24 based where the entire season takes place in one day. Every episode is an hour in the same emergency room. So you, that's that's part of, that's part of the problem I was speaking to. How is that part of the problem doing? That's kind of because, because because it's too many patients coming in with problems. I don't wanna say too many, like it's not good. But when you first watch it, I was overwhelmed by the patients that were coming in and all of the story and problems that the patients had. True. But even the patients, it's not like they coming in and rolling out in the same, same episode. So all of this shit is ongoing. I mean I'm only at episode five or six right now I'm only at seven. So I'm, I'm still early on. I think it's a 15 season, a 15 episode season from what I've been told. Damn. It's some wild, like it's, I think that's Gene Wild. I haven't seen wild, wild shit. And a lot of the healthcare people that like that work in emergency rooms and shit. 'cause I've been tweeting about it, they hitting me like, yo nigga, this is what we see. For real. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people saying this is the closest depiction of what the emergency room really look like that we've seen on television. And that's what I was gonna say, I never saw the show but I, I've dated a few nurses in my day. Oh, oh we know you and we know and no, they be saying like, that shit is crazy. So this person right here might come in with a gunshot wound. This person right here come in with pneumonia. This Yes. Like, so yes. That shit is moving around like that. You saying you ain't like that they was going through one whole day with one different episode per, per per hour. No, I was saying I come from House and Grey's Anatomy. Grey's Anatomy, which meant there were storylines, multiple storylines with the people that worked in these places on this show as, as up to the point where I was watching it, the storyline just came from the patients. But if you, but that's not even, but if you are in one day right, it outta me in house. We might see when Johnny met Cathy and now they start fucking, and you know what I'm saying? You in a one day scenario. I met episode seven. I ain't seen that yet. Gotcha. That was all I was trying to say. Wasn't John say it wasn't a good show from episode one? I I, I'm not, I don't have all the names yet, but from episode one, me, me and me and my lady watching and I'm like, okay. They was fucking, you can tell who was fucking the, the, the main doctor in the, the the black girl with the short hair. With the short hair, you can tell. And then by I'm at like, like I said, five or six. Somebody said to her, yeah but no talk to him. Y'all have history. She's like, yeah, but that was ages ago. I'm like, you could tell, you could see the interaction between them that there's something there. Shorty's pregnant now we guessing. Okay. Is it this nigga like what's going on? Like there his story, I'm in episode seven and I still don't have that. They was fucking, I have, they said it. I Oh, didn didn't hear Shorty said it to her. She, she was like, she didn't say we were fucking, she said, y'all have history or y'all dated that. Don't say that we were y'all. Oh, we dated ages ago or something like that. She said, listen, I'm not trying to say I didn't miss anything either, but that's what I, I haven't heard that. I'm gonna give it a buck. That's what I took. I said Joe, this looks like the way you explain, explain it. Yeah. That's literally what I said. This nigga had to have been on the phone or not fully paying attention to it. Distracted a little bit because then you could miss shit. No, that was my take. I got it. I didn't miss nothing. I watched something and came back with my take mine. But you might've missed, missed that part with one of the Nigerian realtors. Yeah. I would've had to miss a lot of parts. I mean episode seven and I don't see the doctors fucking, I see the interns are fuckups and the OGs in the hospital are keeping this together. I don't see nobody fucking Gotcha. I don't see nobody related to no and the other shit. I don't see it yet. The other shit. I, but that's not me saying it's bad. Please. The other shit I like about the show, I think I was three episodes in and we done already seen two or three people die. Like they not, it ain't all happy ending shit. They ain't saving everybody. Yeah. This ain't happy. And this is real shit. The one little young dude who, it's his, I think it's his first day or something there like there's a lot of re students working as well. Lost a patient on the table. He's sitting there. They all tell him, yo, he gone. He just won't give up. Just press press and press no yo. No, no, I, he's gonna be all right. No fam, he gone. Now you gotta live with that. That's the other thing that's kind of disturbing about the show. And then, and then week leave. Yeah. For me, this is not an a for me, I just, I really like the show in, in, in in closing. Death is so sudden sometimes. I know I gave y'all enough of that in the last part so we can skip it. Damn. But watching the show, It is like he, he in here for one thing. They roll him in here. Oh shit, we did something wrong. He's dead. We lost him. Like, god damn, no gimme a snap or some shit. First the fucking, the teenage boy that came in there. Yeah that was the one. Don't, not a teenage boy. I'm thinking about somebody else, the teenage boy that came in there and his parents just would not accept the, so the doctor is trying, yo the doctor, his bedside manner is out this world. Like in a good way or a bad way? In a good way. Okay. Like they already know he's brain dead, it's over. But he don't wanna just lay that on the family too quick. Yo, we'll run another test. Alright, we're gonna go do this now. This one takes an hour to come back. He and they telling him, yo, you holding up this spot. We got a whole, yo, they waiting room is nuts. We holding up this spot. Yo, get this kid outta here. He's like, no, I'm trying to help the family. The parents don't understand. We are gonna work our way through this. This is giving them time to prepare for the news that I really gotta give. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Got it. This shit is fired though, so check it out. There we go. Watch it. Yeah, watch it. Okay. Watch it. I might, that's good. We do all that shit and say I might, I might. Well I mean It sounds, it sounds kind dark and dark, You Know what I mean? It's, it's, it's it's not though. Oh God. It's just, it's just real shit. Yeah. I could never, never. And I was watching that shit. I'm like, yo, about 30 minutes in said I went home first day. Oh nigga what gone they numbed to that shirt. Back to my breakfast club topic. Let me get off this pit for a little bit. Yeah, yeah, for sure. I don't think that there's a wrong time to get pregnant either. I do think that if you get pregnant at the wrong time and your replacement is really, really, really good, then you're coming back to deal with some different circumstances. It's possible. And I don't want to, I'm not comp, I'm never gonna compare pregnancy to injury. But in in sports you don't plan on the injury. Right. Drew Blesser. Yep. All of them. All of them. Like, I don't wanna say it but yeah. All of them. And that's gotta be tough for women right? To weigh that. Yeah. To weigh That's where the career versus that's where that argument comes from. Career versus family. Yeah. Well there's some women that don't connect the two, there's some women that don't connect the two and there's some that do well, some careers one won't affect the other. Sure. And then there's other careers where one directly affects the other. I've spoken to older, successful business women that have made the decision to not have children because of the path that they were on. Yeah. My, my job is so my it even demanding it even takes, it kind of even takes precedent over rural relationships. And I was about to say, yo, my job is so demanding that I can't even really get serious with this person because I can't give them that much time. King. And the, and the other part of that to add to what you're saying is right, there's some women that are making their decision not just based on them and how they feel and their job trajectory, but they're the breadwinner of the relationship. They making my sit down. It's fuck shit fucked up now. Yeah. Yeah. Some, so for some women it ain't can't it ain't just them. I can't do it for us. It is deep. Yeah. I told you I'm glad that that men don't have to make that decision. I would fuck it up too. It'll be, it'll be, I would do wrong. Unfortunately it'll be a lot less babies out here if we had to make that decision. Niggas are selfish when it come to that. Come getting to the money nigga. Niggas be selfish once they get the girl pregnant. I know, but I'm talking about if the pregnancy would stop a man's career, a lot less niggas is gonna choose to


go get that bag. I agree. 'cause that's where our value is. The world looks at our value is the cash. Fuck. You get to the back much the passion in the moment. Fuck all that shit. How much money you make. That's true. We are definitely niggas put the bag above everything else. Not saying it's a good thing but, but you ask, you ask, you asking niggas to sit down for like a year more than a year by the time you go get right after the baby. Eh, it's a lot sir. Hey wait, wait. That's when I look. Stop. Look at the little sonogram. Oh I'm sorry Jeffrey.


You so I love this little dot. Little dot. These hoes. Oh man Jeffrey, he was gonna be a star. Oh if we didn't make the wrong decision. Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh man. And you can't do that in front of the girl 'cause she got a connection to the dot on the paper. She like look it's right there. You're like where? I know the name of it. The gestation sack. That shit is this big. That's what It is. What they be dead ass connected. That's the name of it to that little motherfucker. I'm lying. They like, look Jeff's right there. You be a dude like wait where you just look like some Nintendo static like you playing Pong nigga look like the early stages of some shit.


I'm abandoned. Don't touch me this nigga. Yo, you can't stop yo. Look, look how they look with both parents A dot. None of y'all know I'm blowing it on this loser being yo, y'all think that niggas had to always be mature is all I'm saying And I ain't when y'all do this, I don't give a fuck. I play Eric B and Rakim to support what I'm saying about You better not. I done had these conversations before. Come on We you better not don't play. You didn't. We can move on. Huh? You had them conversations? Yes. Oh yes. Awa. Here we go.


Uncle. Eat. What up? Alright, what else We got? What else we got? What's happening? It's a lot happening. It's a lot happening nigga. The Feds is doing They they done a sweep nigga. Criminal minds. Let's go Doing the sweep man. The Fed. Take it away. Take it away. Listen. Well I'm not your criminal expert. Yes, you're, yes. You're yo, you got kicked out of Both. Yeah. Oh shit. Shit. Hey yo. Listen old man nigga when you got, listen, stop the feds right now. I mean it's, It is been a lot going on the rolling sixties. The Crips, you know the feds swept out on them. Charged 'em with a Rico car. A Rico case.


Yeah. Big UNM. Yeah. The Feds also arrested yellow Bey connected with the, you know, mo three thing. That's state was state. That state. Yeah that's state. Okay. But it's something going but but it's something going on in law enforcement right now where all the police is locking people up. Yeah. It's called social media. I nigga, I don't know. I'm kind of nervous. I asked Joe, yo listen big dog. Look if they coming here for me, what are you doing? Are you letting them in? We had a discussion off camera. Hopefully the behind the scenes quarter. But they are on niggas asses. I think it's the start of the second quarter. The budgets is opening up and niggas want to get paid. That's my lighthearted thing about it because you know it's a lot of people that families are hurt and there's a lot of things going on right now.


I don't wanna make jokes about the people that's currently getting arrested, but yeah, the feds are doing the sweep Joe. I know, but you a civilian. I am So, But I mean the way they worked, they like, they, they captured shit from 15 years, 16 years ago. And they know he, he You was in a T-Mobile commercial 15 years ago. You know they know you're a good kid. No they know that nigga. We was a T-Mobile commercial gangster killer. Wait, are nigga Had their Gucci rag on The caddy? Yeah. Gucci Gary nigga I told you I tried to scam nigga I what happened when I tried to scam. But they, they coming back for everything nigga. They see everything and they know everything. Bring Flip in that office. That nigga gonna do the Anthony Anderson.


He did it. The fuck Outta there? Hell he did it. Hell no Do it Up here. Shit. Oh Shit. That's just more for jokes. I know. I know. Now when your freedom is On the line, jokes become serious. Put pressure, it put pressure on y'all but nah man, I feel like I don't know what's going on. They tired of nigga shit like I'm a civilian so I'm mind my civilian business. That's what talking about. Apparently some of y'all out there are not civilians and y'all are in a different business. Do You think social media And y'all are out there in a different business telling and showing them the business you in, which I don't really get but I figure I'm just not evolved enough or educated enough in y'all side of the business. But if I was in y'all side of the business, I wouldn't do the business like that.


My thing is me being on this side of it, I shouldn't know y'all side of the that is him niggas. The fact that I know it means the people that trying to lock y'all up. Yeah. Know it. Do y'all think social media solving most of these crimes? Yes. Yes. Yeah. No, I think the police are solving most of the crimes using social media. Dodo on social media are giving them the evidence. And all I gotta do is go, oh that was a no no, no. That was an interview doing that you did in 2019. Let me put that with the interview you did in 2022. Let me put this with the another different nigga's interview in 2023. Ha. Yeah dog. They making this shit so easy now a motherfucker could walk off the street and investigate this case and have it all the way laid out. You don't even have to connect it. They telling you yo, yesterday Freeze. I did this.


Are you on the side of blaming the interviewer or interviewee? Interviewee? For Sure. So you're not blaming the Interview. Wait interviewee is the one that's talking, right? Yeah. And I'm a little slow. Yes. That's who I'm, that's who I'm blaming. So you're blaming the person that's actually sitting on the couch, ex couch. You shouldn't On the couch, you're a criminal and you have shit to hide. Hide it. You should not be in front of a camera. It hide it about anything. Hide it about anything. A thousand percent put a lot of down. Now you have some of them that are trying to either transition into a different career, talk about music. But, and and I've seen, I've seen those people get interviewed. I've seen the interviewer try to trip them up and they move accordingly. I'm not mad at that but I'm talking about the people that you ain't even trying to, you just want some shine.


I agree with you, but we gotta be honest. A lot of niggas man, they, they don't, they, their glory days is past them. So some of these interviewers are offered in the bag and when you offer a bag, sometimes the bag is juicy enough to go. You sit up there and go talk. You know what I mean? They offer a bag or they offer a monthly stipend. They do. You know what I mean? I'm not even, and I That's, I don't agree with it. That's a certain portion of it. I do, I do. Devil advocated The wrong damn Time. No I do. No I am on his side Playing the devil the Advocate. I am on his side. Why you always that get at me like that? I'm on his side about I feel like you shouldn't sit there and talk but niggas is offering money. But it ain't even, I offered money before when I was, when I was up come here and talk. I did. And the numbers I made triple It ain't even just them that's talking though.


It's niggas who ain't yesteryear. Niggas who who still are. You Know the trick. Listen, lemme explain that. You know the trick to to the media shit. You bring somebody up there to talk about a situation, you pay them that opens up the door for somebody to come respond. Now you have a long history of content that you can make money off of. True. And that's all niggas is thinking about. If I sit up here right now and talk about Joe Schmo, nigga, yo, back in the days nigga I violated Joe hit with a bat bow nigga fucked up Joe Schmos gonna do an interview of respond and most likely the person that's interviewing me is gonna interview him. Okay, now, now this money, now let's move that to the side. A pool of money. What do you say to the nigga that takes his own camera and do this and start Talking? I don't agree with that. I don they're Doing with none of it. But it's the Don't what you say to the guy that wants you to have bigger aspirations.


No nigga who want, what do you say to the nigga you only Nigga that one property, nigga that nigga. That's not true. Nigga who want and while loing them, Look. So what happens to the nigga that look you so stupid. Niggas Don't want niggas that have big operations. Niggas are fa niggas are fascinated by the stories nigga, we sit here and we watch them. I watch that nigga. What's that nigga that breakdown up? Okay, What I'm trying to say is, and I don't want to say this, you should, the murder should be more important than the digital footprint. I agree with you. If we did that, nobody should know we did that. No, no. You the nigga smacked Joe Schmo with a shovel. Right? You just said he smacked Joe for Joe Schmo to now come on that same show. Yeah. And said yeah that's why we caught his brother by the stoplight and we put two in them.


Joe Schmo is a fucking idiot my nigga. I agree with That, that way I do wanna play devil's advocate a little bit in some of this. Okay? Because the same way I watch American Greed and be applauding them white people with some of the crimes they come up with, I don't really have the biggest problem with, I wouldn't do it. But with robbing and charging you to get it back, cool. I'm stay but I think that's just You, right? Street, street taxes. It is, It is. Now why are you getting on a camera saying I'm not talking about that We robbed him and we we and we made him pay to get it back. You are connected. I don't think you should have said that. But nobody knows if you don't say it.


I think. I think so. And you talking about saying and I agree that's wrong. A step further than that big freeze. Amen. I'm seeing the crime. But I think some con hey some, Some of these crimes they ain't talked about and I see 'em on whatever site is On. You still gotta remember there's niggas that tell. So like bro, there's niggas out here. So we talking about interviewers, there's still situations that happened where niggas use that as leverage to get free. Sure. Y'all know this problem that happened over here's Part nigga niggas are talking and they not, there's no threat to they we talking about two different things. I understand. When the police do police work to cash you, that's different. They earned it. When niggas is out here making these niggas put me in jail and they didn't have to do no work to put you in jail, you are a fucking idiot because you only doing it for the sake of being more famous.


I'm with you niggas out here putting the themselves in jail, not even another nigga. Street respect. They put Themselves in jail. So then why do people get mad at the interviewers? Yo, you doing this, y'all doing that. I think The interviewers that Need every Interview about everything but the criminals right now Yeah. Like I'm still stuck on that. Doesn't want y'all to know that it's all the criminals. It is all the criminals and it's gonna sound like that. So I say all the time wanna say no, I just said about the criminals. You the only one that I say all the time. You can't even when we joke about the behind the scenes camera, what do I say? I say, if you don't say it, if you don't say it, you don't have to worry about it going out. Yeah. Just if you got some shit you don't want out, shut the fuck up. True. That's it. True. That's true. That's it right there. And don't even fuck with the little illusions and nothing.


Yeah. Shut the fuck up. Yeah. But in today's time, Well how about stop doing crime? Right. Well, Well I ain't lie. Well, that crime is gonna always be there. Ain't gonna say Stop doing crime is always gonna be there. You don't. And I think that that's why we don't really highlight the, the, the criminals. I mean, it's our responsibility to do so. But the, the world is filled with crime. Absolutely. Became desensitized to crime. We kind of expect crime to happen. So when we not sitting here condemning the criminals, or even some of them are our peers, it's because the world is filled with it. Well the world, It happens every day. Nothing gonna change. Crime is gonna happen. The Real problem is niggas made the criminals the hero's. Exactly. Niggas Made the cri. So now other niggas wanna be the hero. Mm.


That's a good point. That's really what It is. We look up to. But that's been up Drugs to killing. Looked up to the drug dealer killing Somebody. The Drug dealer was the man. It's like that since the beginning of the time. Know It is. But now, social media and shit. Now you knew shit by word of mouth. You knew shit by word of mouth. You knew shit if you, unless you saw it, it's worse now. Social media and these camera phones and all of this shit got peep got the criminal himself wanting to broadcast to the world that I am the criminal. So that my name rings bells. Not just on my block in my hood, but across the world. He's right. That's why I always say like, we have this discussion before. Do we think the OGs from back in the day would've behaved this way? I always say yes. I just think they just didn't have the medium to do it.


They wouldn't because we watching OGs who was running around back then do the same shit today. I'm with you. Because now they got the mediums because now they're trying to be stars on the internet. They wanna know. Yeah. You had to answer the niggas back in the day. So, but It is different. I mean It is what It is. Bam. I've seen this fed sweeping la. I'm a civilian. What the hell do I got to say this shit? I, I a hey, I don't care about it. I see it and some of It is juicy. So I read it. I'm a civilian. None of this shit is any, don't affect my world at all. I don't, I'm not up in arms about it. Like just, but everybody else is not the seriousness out but us as black men, it's still horrible that 'cause they, 'cause they programming our kids to do that dumb shit.


Exactly. So it's a bad thing. Wait, who's programming our kids to do what? The motherfuckers that the kids are seeing on Vlad or Adam or whatever, they, they want to do that shit. My oldest don't look up to none of that. I know you. He's an ally. Exactly. My oldest don't look up to none of that. I can't speak for Mine neither. What, what the Kids is on. But be, be the, the male influence and male role model that you would like to see. There you go. And my kids don't look up to none. That shit. There you go. I don't get it. It's not my business. I'm not downplaying nothing. I'm not slighting nothing. Everybody's path is they own path. But that ain't for me at all. And this ain't for them. True. There you go. Yeah. And this ain't for them. I've never been happy to be called a lame or square and all that other shit. I Love it. Now. Some of that shit I do like, Hey, hold up now.


I wanna be honest. I don't wanna lie. Stop playing man. It is what he gonna do now. He gonna let him do it. I'm not playing. Let him do it. He gonna do it. Some of that shit I like. Like What? Like what? Listen, it's like, it's like, hey, my, my, my Islamic brothers. Sometimes the people that come from different belief systems, He Just, yo, can y'all stop doing that thing where y'all just pussy? So I can't No, I he said clip. Oh, I'm sorry to not start. I'm Sorry. Take it back. My like, like when you talk to people from, even It is Jewish, you talk to people that's just from wherever they from. They might say some shit and you be like, Hey, I agree with some of that. And then they get to the point it's like, oh, okay.


I got gotta take a step back. Even It is like the clips of, of Big U taxing the movies that come through the town. I do agree with that a little bit. Cool. I know that It is against the law. And that's where I think that's where it stops right there. I agree with some of that. Thinking It is again, back the street tax. But if you know it's against the law, don't hold a camera up to your face. Say it, confirm that this is happening and then upload It. I don't he did that. Yes. Okay then. That's what I'm talking about. I'm not, the crime is gonna be the crime. The criminal is always gonna be there. The criminal has been there since the beginning of time. I mean, I I some of the stuff, if a nigga, if, if, if a nigga beat you out 1.5 million with tricky dice and you have a connected, Oh that story was crazy too.


Yo, some of this shit is a juicy story. I You have a connected Go get it back. Loaded Dice. Adrian Broner. That's my, and I'm bringing the rappers and whoever I'm bringing them through, I'm bringing them through. Yo. Hey, running. You know what, you know what it tells me though? Like there's a, there's a, there's a luxury in being a civilian. Like it's a privilege in being civilian because like some of this shit is so off your radar, you wouldn't even know shit that when you read it, It is like really off your radar. But we know it 'cause we come from this shit. Like we know that somebody is setting up the spot for all the celebrities to come to. We got the loaded diets and money on the wood and ah, ah, ah, shit.


I was just watching a poker movie about this. I just picked some random movie on, on Apple. That's my shit. Now I'm just watching old movies. But in the, in the poker movie, they, whoever house that was that they went to for the poker game, that was that Fight Night show. Got it Robbed. Remember the Fight Night show? Oh yeah. That was that, That was that. Yeah, that was that. There's been a few. We gonna set up the big the big game. We gonna have all the money in town coming. Where we gonna get it robbed. Kevin Hart. Kevin Hart knew. I ain't see it. I didn't See that movie. I didn't see it. But it was a serious, a show. Shit was good. But that, that's the thing, yo, we know. That's why we make, we sit here and make the jokes. Well not jokes, but Allstar weekend, BET weekend. Yo. Y'all be careful out there. Not only because they just running down robbing you, but they'll set you up. That's what they're doing. Yes. I'm gonna protect you and then set you up in the back end.


Yeah. Or put a, I'm gonna put a chicken on you. Chicken is the easy way to get 'em. I'm gonna put a chick on you. Your rest in peace take off. But like yeah, the dice game outta town, like yeah, I'm good. I'm in the hotel. My, my nigga. But see, and that's, that's the, that's the I know the bravado of the rapper. I know because now if you stay in the hotel the whole time, you pussy. No, no, no. Or you just, you looked at, at Pus just not into Name Pusy. Some of these things. My name Vagina, like The point that bar me most about that takeoff shit is he wasn't playing. Yeah. He wasn't, wasn't playing. I'm in, I'm in, I'm in the cut. Yeah. Man, that shit is just disheartening. Rest, rest in peace, rest, peace and anybody else we lost. But this shit is disheartening and it's, It is tough to read.


And again, just more consumption of shit. That's like, ugh. I just, again, we, we, we, we'll, we'll be lie or fools. If we sat up here and say y'all want all the crime to stop, it's not gonna stop. I don't want all the crime. But if you're going to do crime, just do this shit. Smart. You crazy as hell. Are you crazy? Like I, when I read dumb criminals, I just be like, crime, yo, What's wrong? I don't want y'all to stop stealing them expensive ass mattresses. And my my my man, they Don't steal 'em. They just, I don't want y'all stop stealing some expensive shit that's, that's exclusive that I can't get anymore. I need you like nigga some shit need it. Nigga go inside. I don't gonna fuck you. Take all the risk. Meet me behind somewhere in the alley.


On, on, on with with the cobblestones on the floor. You know, because niggas and Yeah. Kind crazy. I ain't gonna lie to niggas be getting to it. Nigga alley niggas, them alley sellers. I Heard that it works. That's exactly what my man told me. I don't know nothing about A TV like this nigga off the truck. You got it. Can you carry it yourself? Listen, once my mom said, Hey, them people catch you up, you're done knocking them. Knock, stop thinking about crying. And once I realized that they had a charge for anything my brain could think of, it was like, all right, y'all win. Yeah. And, and the other, the other one for me was once I realized you could just be over there with them, you ain't even gotta be doing it and get wrapped up in shit.


Got it. That's it. How old were you when you just saw your life on the wrong track? Like headed toward crime, A life of crime now. Oh, that never fuck you talking About. I was stealing at a young age. Never. I was getting a lot of trouble. You still now as an adult. I don the fuck you talking about? I do You still getting Snickers at the gas station? I was still, now I I should try. No you shouldn't. If I read that you got picked up Petty theft, boy Don't come To work now. Are y'all judging me? Yes. Yes. That's bad because y'all don't know what, what, what could have happened. I'll loan you some money my nigga. Good luck. That's why I fuck with you. Yeah. You got some money now. I want Y'all not touching this yellow Beesy stuff.


Y'all done with that too? I don't really know. Know the Details behind They picked them up. Yeah. We can move all This is not a crime show. It is, It Is. The same niggas they wanted to shoot at the crime niggas on top of Apple, apple Podcast. Hey you niggas over there. Them niggas is killing it over there. That them crime shows. What? That's that Shit. Oh my God. It should show you how fucked up the America's thinking is. Yeah. Yeah. Niggas is obsessed with the shit. Yeah. Actually speaking of crime shows, but not speaking of crime shows. Got a guest today, special guest. Not that he's from a crime show, but I feel like I've seen crime shows. Didn't they make the crime show after him nigga?


I feel like the guest. It is some crime shit. There's no fuck. It is. It is a scam somewhere. Oh, it could be. It could be. We have a very special guest come. I'm very excited 'cause I've seen this guy on a lot of other places, but I don't feel like he's ever gotten like the black media test. He can't, we don't, we can't fuck with us. He can't fuck with him. He can't fuck with us though. Yeah. We got him. I think so too. For sure. For Sure. And he should be soon. He should be soon. Is there anything that we have to get off of our minds, bodies and souls before our guest arrives? Yo, we not gonna talk about this. 5:00 AM in Toronto ref. This allegedly running around because we drifted out. I just don't believe it. That's why with AI today, I got a homie who, who who hit me up at Troll hit me up ahead of time and said, yo, I'm about to troll these niggas.


I said, what, what you about to do? He said, you know how there was always rumors of 50 writing the the games entire documentary album. I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna use AI to make reference tracks for the entire documentary documentary album. And he did it. And if you would listen to it and not know any better, you'd be like, oh shit. It it, it just confirmed a rumor. That's why today, I don't believe none of this shit no more. Okay, so The need a little more all Reference tracks using fifties voice. Yes. Wanna hear 'em? No. No. You know I got 'em. But yeah, he made all reference tracks of the documentary using fifties voice, the entire album, top to bottom, the trickery.


This trickery. That's just where we are. Yo. Okay, well on the internet for the people that are unaware, there are, there are references from allegedly Drake timestamp records. 5 5 5. Which is the best one, in my opinion. No, I'm not rolling. My man said it to me last night. And I will say this, I don't know if it's fake or real, but in regards to all the, the Drake ghostwriting songs, I will say that he made them a lot more swaggy than most ghostwriting situations have worked out. All the other big ghostwriting people that we know about the Dres, the puffs, whoever, whoever the reference track was better. Yeah, I'm with you. Drake's. Yeah. Yeah.


Drake's versions be way, way, way better than The reference tracks way Better. So I got, even if it, if It is fake, if It is real, I don't really care if any of the reference tracks that we've heard from Drake. Shit, he added a lot of swag to him. I have to give him that. If it's real, I'm gonna care. I'm just, I don't believe it's real. Agree. Agree. I don't believe It is real at all. Yeah. Not with the timestamp shit. No. Even though I do feel like he ain't rap like that and probably won't be rapping like that anytime soon. I still need more than that. That ref to believe that that's, I need more than a little, The guy on that ref sound like somebody doing a spoof or bad version of hearing Drake rap. No, That guy exists. I'm not saying you don't be other, other records from Dude. I just don't know if it's this is real.


I don't believe that that guy has this ref from however many years ago and sent it to Drake and Drake patterned after that. I don't believe that. I just don't believe for that to happen, especially with everything that has been going on with Drake from Ghost Fighting Rumors from years ago, put that out. That this would've, this would've made it way out before today. Before now. I mean, it's been rumblings on it, but I just don't believe this one. I ain't rolling Me neither. I'm different. I gotta, I gotta get more evidence. I, it could be true, but I would have to hear more. And what And a snippet on Twitter. Twitter wouldn't be some more fire from that dude. Not nothing. He's got other, my nigga, if you can write that, He's got other records. I, 'cause my man sent me Smokers.


No, but you could hear the Rhyme style and it's like, oh shit. I mean, there is some believability in there. Gotcha. But I gotta hear more than a Twitter leaked reference. Gotcha. I need to see, I need to see a video of him writing and recording a reference track with somebody who died maybe a year or so after that happened in the video. And both of them saying the date, like, I need un like the evidence gotta be, you can't even dispute It. I'm gonna still listen to the record regardless too. Exactly. Me too. But last time I said, this is when the Quentin Quentin Miller five pack randomly popped up outta nowhere of him doing all of your favorite Drake songs from that album.


But it ain't, I need, I need more pause. I'm not, I'm not rolling with that. I'm not in the slightest. All right. All right. We rolling? I'm rolling. I'm with you. I need more too. Yeah. To say that a timestamp is not a times. I do know I do. You ain't going, Hey, I may not have been all the way Overed out last year, but whoever this new nigga is, you, you can't get me against the, that's whoever the fuck is. I do that on my own, sir. You who the fuck are you nigga? Hell no. Stupid. Yeah. Anyway. All right. What else is important up here? What's, what's up with that Eminem engineer Stanley Files?


Oh, one of the Strange Brothers got, they found someone leaked a bunch of m and m records and I, I think it was Frederick, a producer put up some, Hey, I'm trying to listen to these songs or whatever. And it traced back to one of the Strange Brothers was selling off shit from the Hard Drive, from the cuts. And they ran down on 'em. They found all types of sessions as an engineer would have video, VHS and all that shit. But apparently, allegedly he was selling the shit to Bootleggers. Yo. It is a, It is a whole black market for that. It exists. I've, I've seen it. It, it's pay him through, they do group buys where they'll set the price dumb high and everybody pitching.


You know, they'll, they'll put a little something out to just show you. I do have these songs that It is real, it's hundreds of thousands of dollars on the line. And it'll be a group of people. All right, we all put up whatever, whatever. And they'll sell this. They'll sell the records. That's crazy. How, And It is also Discovery. I just jam How much money you made from that? I haven't, I, I was tempted, but loyalty. 'cause I was very tempted. I was like, eh, might can get this Glass House album off. But I wouldn't do that. I was tempted. I ain't gonna lie to y'all. I've never been tempted. Shit. It's not worth it. I was joking on Twitter and I was like, yo, 250 k, I'll do it. They was like, yo, if, if you somebody hit me, like if you serious, we can get in a group by and get about 400. I was like, Ugh. I think it's odd 'cause the number they said was $50,000.


That don't really seem like enough. I've seen one track on there go for, for for six figures. Dang. Because again, it's a pool of people putting the money together. And then it's just Bitcoin purchasing shit like that. Starving engineer. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. That's Crazy. Baby need shoes With all the credit, with all the credits he's got. He could make more than 50 grand. My kid can't eat these tracks. Yeah, ball. Yo. You said what's crazy? You got 14 bricks in that bag right there? Yeah. Mom Spaghetti. My baby ain't got no spaghetti. Nigga let this shit go. Fuck you talking yo. I ain't, I ain't See that Ain't nothing. They stealing tracks.


Man. J was just telling me he was at Joelle's house and he said that somebody stole a hundred songs. His whole album and shit like that before. That shit's fucked up. That's fucked Up. I could break it To your studio and just raid it and take everything. It is. It don't even be that it yo niggas. Oh, I have, right now, I have about, I think 170 right now. Unreleased Chris Brown records. Right. The way they get the songs. How you got it nigga? I'm, I'm gonna tell you free. What the hell I'm going to tell you a nigga that's not a part of crime. You do a lot of crime. Shit. I didn't do shit. Why you having in your Phone? The crime fall his lap. Somebody sent them to me. Yo Didn didn't go get 'em free. I'm gonna tell you how. Yeah. And that's not with him. But I know certain instances where people just get music like that.


Yo, you have a group of folks over you playing music, you dip off, you Chilling or something. Somebody walk right up to your laptop, pop a USB in and drag it. You don't know nothing gone. This has happened a bunch of times. It is the, it it, you know how fast It is now with digital files. You're a criminal Now, sir. I'm not a criminal. You're a criminal. That's good. I'm not a criminal. CB gonna fuck you. See y'all people that do that hit me so I can tell you how much you gonna get for some of these artists. Y'all stealing. They sitting here just trying to have like a cool talk. I'm, I'll get you to save some time. What you mean? What you mean? Yo man got just new, got this new such and such.


Nigga you coulda put that back in the computer. Don't nobody want that shit. Yo, let's make sure that you stealing the music of a desirable act. You spent 1799 on that flash drive. Yeah. Don't nobody want that bullshit. Fucking you should have bought some motherfucking five guys with that money. Yeah. You coming to Barbershop trying to sell the wrong Ali Vegas nigga. Oh, hey yo. Come on Joe. No, that's my man. Shout to Ali Vegas. Charles. I'm just saying in 2025 you trying to Nah, nah, nah. You right. You got that racist. Use my name. You trying to sell some Joe button held up now though. Hold up now. Hold up. Don't play too much now I got a nice one. Mic sell Joe button.


I got a nice unreleased 36 pack. Oh my Lord. Oh real. Swear to God. Freeze. How much y'all think the, y'all can sell a Eminem track for today in Newark? You wouldn't sell it in Newark, but it ain't gonna go for much if you were trying to sell it on the street. I'm gonna keep it a buck. Okay. You walk in, I walk. I'm not trying to be funny. No. I walk, I walk in with, with with a Eminem track. Nah, that's that, that that barber shop. That's the barbershop in the hood. You walk in there with an Eminem track and you getting jazz. Jeff turn That shit. But if you go to Super cuts, let me ask you something. Do you think that you gonna go to a barbershop that's in the hood for life?


Yes. You just like the The ambiance, the environment. I love The barbershop. Oh, got it. I love the barbershop. Sorry. You know shit happened at the barbershop, right? Yeah. Alright, think about it again. Let me re-ask, do you think that you gonna go to a barbershop that's in the hood for life? Who talking to, well, you didn't answer but freeze answer. So I'm asking my barber not in the hood. What? So I'm talking to freeze. Yeah. Barber is in Chinatown somewhere. Philippines, Nigga come On top of the restaurant. Gotta go up the steps. Yeah. In the story where the egg bros and shit is at stop. You can't say that.


No. That niggas is racist. Yo freeze. Do you think you're gonna go like for your whole life? No, not my whole life. Freeze Likes freeze Like that. But I do like, I do love, I do love the Freezes around the area in his mind that where he don't, he could hear criminal shit without being a criminal. That's your bad Anywhere, nigga. I'm always in the hood though. I'm learning. I Don't be outside on the block, bro. I'm always in the hood. The Muslim brothers you be running with. I'm learning all y'all niggas. I learned about youre, you be doing a lot of bullshit to say I do bullshit. Yeah. Gimme an example. Please. You just around bullshit. Okay. Having Stolen music is bullshit. I did not steal any music. Flip. We don't have anything else in music. Nah, we don't.


No, I don. I don't do none of that shit no more. Last album I leak. Nevermind. Okay. I think It is a good time for our special guest. Let's get it man. I'm set. Let's go. Let's go play with him. Alright. Mic check. Mic check. We have a very, very, very special guest. Lemme put my headphones on. Facts. Manis A guy that is pretty booked and busy. Yes, he is very difficult to get ahold of this man, but somehow he found the time. Appreciate that he found the time and the love in his heart to come. Bless us ladies and gentlemen. Olds perman in the building.


Olds perman in the building. Thank you Joe bud. Thank you gentlemen. Now, now olds what a, what is your occupation when you have to write it down. That is a good question. Magician. A liar. No, I mean it's a mentalist on paper. You asked my wife, I'm just mental. But here's what, everybody knows what a magician is, right? Everybody knows in their mind. You think a magician, you think card tricks. You might think David Blaine, David Copperfield. You started with a card tricks. So, I mean I love card tricks. I love card tricks. Trust me, I love card tricks. That was a start. The evolution is now I can do the tricks, but I don't need any props. It's just in your mind.


So it's magic of the mind. It's kinda like the next level. You've seen a lot of magicians. You haven't seen me. So it's kind of where I no longer need props. I could, you could drop me off in front of 5,000 people. It's just me. The show is me. I don't need bunnies. I don't need boxes. Mm. No. Slight a hand on that type of stuff. I could still do it, don't get me wrong. But it's not what I do anymore. Got it. Gotcha. Okay. You upgraded. That's child's play upgrade. Exactly. Okay. You have a publicist. I have I few. A few publicists. I guess so. 'cause this is my thing. How do you figure out that you can do this? Right? How did you learn that you have this gift? Because Magician, I think Three Card Monte in Vegas.


Yep. I think somebody with the rabbit and the hat, I think The Prestige and all these other movies. Movies. That's a good movie, right? Theres a Excellent movie. Best Movie Callback right there. One of the best movies ever to prestige. But when I see you, like I learned about you on Hard knocks, Nice Jets fan And it's Giants. But I watched it. Everyone's like, why didn't you tell us what happened to Aaron Rods? If you're that good. Same thing happened to him. Yo, You should see how much hate I got For the, for the Jets one. Oh no. I mean when, when Rogers went down in the first play, you know the first, yeah, the first drive. And everyone was like, I didn predict that. Oh, it's the mentalist. What the hell? Yeah, yeah. No, but that looks real.


The reactions look real. Oh, it's all real. I feel like this gift has to come from a dark place. Huh? I'll be honest with you. I, I, yeah, I that's, I was up watching videos and everything. You talking about like some devil magic or some shit? No, I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. But that's what I thought I was. It all comes from the light. I Was like, he's a witch. Yeah. I feel like straight up. But even at witches bru, witches don't necessarily gotta be bad. I'm talking about the the ones that they would've had out there in the 16 hundreds. Yeah. This is some type of intuitive gift that he has. And I'm assuming he is had it since young, right? Yeah. I got, I got lucky on my timelines. 16 hundreds. I wouldn't be here with you. I would've been first show and burned at the stake.


On the stake. So it's, it's a gift. But I would describe it as, you know, you have a gift for music, right? Yes. And so certain people have that. So people don't, they could train their whole life. It's either in you, whether you said God gave it to you or came in you somehow. But you can get better at it. So I think anyone could do what I'm doing in a way they could learn some of the mentalism stuff, but will they get good enough at it to do it at this level? I mean, that's probably a no. Otherwise there'd be more people. But it's kind of a trained talent. It's an innate talent that you could train. It's kinda like sports. You think everybody, Aaron Rodgers, think that's all talent. No, that's hard work. That's like decades and decades of working your butt off, outworking the person next to you. I outwork my competition at what I do.


That's a fact. At at what age did you first realize, Hey, I got something. Yeah. I feel like Dad was beating the brakes outta you. And you needed to start knowing what was on dad's mind before he got home. I see the belt shake a little. I'm like, that belt's about to come on. And that's one with a buckle too. That's no good. No good. If my dad hears this, you were not beating. That's the one my mom Used. Not beating me. A couple of good slaps. I think back in the day, A couple of good slaps set you straight. Put the fear of God in me. Things have changed now. Oh my Lord. So from when you were, let's just say 10, 12 years old. So I have really good intuition. I'll tell you a really unusual story that can't explain, but my, my mom, I have twin sisters that are older than me for fraternal.


And then when I was a kid, this is a real weird story. I always kept having to make believe like an imaginary friend. I said, I have a twin. I have a twin. Because I was so obsessed with them having twins. And then when I was 12, my mom told me, you did have a twin who died at birth. And that's a true story. She never told me. They know how to tell me that. I was a twin also. And I, I was born in Israel. It was during a war in Lebanon and it was kind of, all the doctors were in a different location. It was a, you know, at birth the, the twin died. And it was this weird thing where I'm like, I always knew that. And it freaked me out. And until she told me it never clicked. And so I always had very good intuition. I'm not psychic. I don't believe that I'm psychic. It's not supernatural. But there's intuitive things that I don't care. You know, where you are spiritually, you've had experiences where you are like, how did I know that percent?


Right? Everyone knows that. But we always say, nah, that wasn't real. Right? But if you can tap into that, there's instinct. So a lot of the time when I'm on TV and you see things and people go, it's fake. I love when haters go. It's fake and comic. That's, that's the best compliment you can give me. Like, have you ever seen the Joe Burrow clip? Yes. Yes. Joe Burrow clip's probably the most popular. Have you seen that one? I haven't. Here, should I tell you real quick? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Tell him I, I'm at the Bengals facility. I go in there with ES pn, shout out to my man Adam Schefter. And we go in there, they tell us right off the bat, Joe Burrow's not gonna be involved. He's, he's shy. He's a good dude, but he's shy. It's not his fault. And he goes, he doesn't really wanna be involved. And they go, don't even call on him nothing. I go in there, let me do what I do. I get in there and I warm them up. I start freaking out.


Everybody in the team, he's a team leader. So I get them fired up. Should we get Joe in here? They go, yeah. Yeah. And Joe stands up. I have not spoken a word to Joe on lives. And my kids and my wife and Adam Scheffer went out here and told everybody, pat McAfee's, like Dave talked to him before. Dude, he didn't talk. They didn't even say he could, he could use him in the show. I've never talked to this man a word in my life before. I tell him to stand up and I say, look around this room, all my eligible receivers stand up. This is so tight. End wide receivers. Everyone stand up, you know, full depth chart. I say, look at the room, look at me. I write down in huge and I show the camera, throw the ball. Anybody you want. Bam. First person he throws to nailed it. Everyone's like, you know, do you get lucky? I go double or nothing. Same thing. Look at it.


Throws it to another guy. Nailed it. Third time, this one was, he fakes to Jamar. So Jamar and then he throws to another guy. Boom. Exactly. The play I call, he goes nuts. And you see like Joe Burrow who doesn't react like watch the video later. Yeah. So when you ask me that is something that I waited two years to do that I was figuring out how I would do it. What he would do, what would happen. How do you, you know, when you walk in a maze, what makes you turn left? What makes you turn right? I know if you're gonna turn right, I know if you are about to turn left, we're gonna turn right and then decide to go left at the end. I was in his head more than he was. How does this, how has this gift helped you with Xs of yours?


We gotta ask that right Now. How has it helped you in your, get the XFiles in your romantic life? It sounds like it would a hindrance. Really. Oh, not enough. Let me tell you. Married 12 years. My power's only for good now. So yeah. Unfortunately these skills are wasted. You know what, I was In College. That boy good, that boy, good boy, boy In college. It didn't help me. It helped all my friends. 'cause I was the ultimate wing man. They're like, let's get you over here. Yeah, yeah. Girls, come on over. I line em up. Then I move outta the way. My boys are like, yo, that's my gut. That's my guy right there. And then they go in for the kill. Woo. Yeah. It's better than your thumb. That's his way of saying, I used to be a pretty good wingman.


My son, he's, yeah, he's a great wing man. Back in my day, back in my Day, they didn't even, they, at first they would be nice about it. Like, I'll buy you a beer then like, dude, just come do tricks for these girls. I'm like, what is this? So you're, you're aware who your competitors are. Sure. But it's really one of those games where there's not much competition in this. Because there's so few of us and there's so much demand. And the more people do this, like it's, it's bringing awareness. If you were to talk to people two, three years ago, I think a lot of people in this country would be like, what's a mentalist? And now because of all the sports clips and all these things, it's hit like that level of you're hearing about it more. You know it. And it's kind of defined a genre, you know. That's kind of where I'm at with it. Right. Because if I'm a competitor of yours Yep.


Still because it's so, so niche. Yeah. My success kind of relies somewhat on how well you do Rising tides lift all ships. Like I got a lot of buddies who were kind of me five, 10 years ago and they're getting a lot of these things because people hear about 'em. They call me, they can't afford me. They're like, let's take that. I can only be one place at a time. Something fell. I did that with my mind. Sorry, Don't start, don't start shaking up Corey. Man, flip, Flip. Might need a change of underwear right now. I don saw flip's the one who said it was devil magic and he just shit His pants. I ain't say nothing man.


I'm just listening. You thought though, nah, flip is, Flip is afraid to talk right now. Like he's sitting here, he's sitting still. He is sure. This is the most still I've ever seen him. He's got a Bottle of holy water in his pants. Ready? Yeah. I'm just trying to, I'm trying to figure out where, you know, I'm trying, I'm trying to be a mentalist in my own way. Yeah. Trying to see if exactly. No, you are. Well you are in your own way. Different kind of mentors, different definitions right in front of the company. So, but back to you and, and your competitors. Yep. I guess if you all don't succeed as a collective, where does that leave the genre? No, I don't know. That's a great question. Listen, I'm just trying to always innovate.


So I keep getting opportunities and I keep trying to do new things. You're a kicking ass. Yeah. Thank you. Appreciate it. And just kind of do new things that excite me because it's kind of one of those things where it, again, great peril to music. I, I love comedians, I love musicians. Just things that excite me. And I love watching people who they try and do something where it's not necessarily for other people. You do something that makes you excited. The best songs are always ones you didn't try to make a hit, you just did something that was real and authentic. And then people connect with it. That's what I keep doing where I like to do things. Where if I'm excited about what I'm doing in the room, other people Love it. Like the football, what's the number one thing I would wanna do? Bam. You're with the quarterback. Tell me who he's gonna throw the ball to. Right? That's a billion dollar question. So that's what I did. I said, how could I pull that off?


And that's the other thing. Did did you go through the phase where it's like, okay, before you realized how valuable this thing was, did you go through the phase where, Hey, how can I use my gift to just make money and Make That's I'm doing now still. Well, you're killing now. Yeah. Listen, I I I I'm talking about when you were trying to like gas lotto numbers. Oh, I was, I was hustling since I was 13 years old. So I started doing this. So I was 13 at 14. I walked half a mile from my house in Farmington Hills, Michigan. Got a restaurant job where I was this little four foot nothing guy doing card tricks. The people that are like, what do you want from me right now? And that was the school of hard knocks for me. That's literally how I learned to approach people, win people over and start kind of getting inside their head.


Do You play the lottery? So I can't win the lottery true story because what I do has nothing to do with, with random odds. Probability. Does that make sense? No, but it's not. Got it. A a psychic could tell you they could know the future. So like for example, I'm trying to predict the final four. Yesterday I was on CBS. If you didn't see what Charles Barkley, Kenny Smith, great clip. I don dunno if this is gonna air. And we sealed right there. It's not my bracket. I told 'em straight up I'm not gonna get a bracket. Right. It's impossible. Yeah. But to get the final four is not actually as hard as you think to get. The final four is about one in, I think it's 12,000. 'cause you're probably gonna get sleeper. There's gonna be a Cinderella. No, but thing about it, it's four outta 64. It's not that tough. Right. And most years, most years it's one or two one seeds. Right. So like, statistically, I'm telling you it's not crazy.


But to get the elite eight, guess who wins and get the final four is one out 25 million at least. Wow. So I don't know that I'm gonna get it right. I'll tell You right here, right now, everyone's like, are you gonna bet on the hell yeah. I'm betting on it. I guess Kenny Smith's pin code. I said, I'm betting with your money, Kenny. So that's something where it's not a trick. That's where I'm hoping I get it right. And I might get one or two wrong, but like, it's kind of like, I've guessed Super Bowls. I've gotten four out of five the last five years, but I don't, I didn't get every year. I can't, it's not psychic. I don't know the lottery. It's still pretty good numbers. But if You guys were picking the lottery numbers, if you were picking the lottery numbers instead of a machine, I bet I could get it. Damn. Could you? Got you. Could you? Because I know how people think. Got you. Got you, got You got I, I have a question.


Your competitors, right? Do you guys help each other look out for one another? Is it like that or is more competition base? I mean, there's a couple people in the biz that are, there's so few of us that are a little more, how would I describe it? Competitive in that sense. Yeah. But quite frankly, like I have people, it, it's probably the same way as if you think of comedians who kind of run jokes by each other to punch it up. You know how they do that. Like gimme another tag, do this, features on songs, anything like that. I have other people that are really smart thinkers where we bounce ideas off each other and I just go, what do you think of this? How do we do this? And we just kind of, I don't ideate, like when I'm doing a lot of stuff for tv, I gotta come up with new things. And I have people that I think about it with. I like to run a lot. I go running and I, I come up with stuff I, I was gonna ask or you said that the, the Joe Burrow thing took you two years to come up with To to, to figure out how it's gonna do it.


Yeah. So it wasn't necessarily like a spare of the moment random thing. It was something that you planned out Aren't all the best things in life. Yeah. I mean, like, I, I mean it looks, that's kinda like the, you know, when you see those divers do eight flips and land perfectly, no splash. It looks so easy. You go do that belly. So it, it looked flop easy. It looked easy. It looked like it was spur of the moment. It is spur of the moment as far as they're concerned. But for me there were, there were hundreds of hours put into the preparation. Gotcha, gotcha. Into how that would play out. Every possible situation in that room I kind of accounted for. Gotcha. What about like Vegas or card games or dice games or anything like that where the odds are much lower, Right? So what, or do you part Lower participate or are you good at it?


You know what, if you go in there, you cheat, they kick you out and then you're blacklisted. So I've heard from other people, no, I'm, I'm kidding. I'm good. I need you for Bacca rock. He's like, let's go. Right. You know what, let's try something fun. We'll do a little performance later. But this is what I want flip to do. 'cause he's he's freaked out at me. Is is I could, I could go, I'm glad That, you know, he's freaked out At you. I could go get a deck of cards. Right? I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna, I'm not doing that again. But picture this in your hands. Pretend you're holding in the deck of cards. Right. And, and do some fancy moves for the listeners. Pretend to fancy moves. Pretend you're shuffling them. See some acting flip. I Don know what he's doing right there. That look a little suspect. I he's making pizza though. Yeah. He's got the artificial intelligence hands.


It is Interesting. Imagine that. You know what? You just drop a few on the ground. A few just dropped. Oh, ain't making a little mess. It doesn't matter. Don't mess up the mic. And you dropped a few more. And then we look down at the deck, all these cards and we count 'em and I count the deck and you know how many cards are in the deck? 52. 52. Guess. But when I count cheater, he's only got 51. 'cause flip put one in his pocket. Right. You know what I'm saying? He's got one in his spot. Now hold up, hold up. I want you watch, don't tell me that card that's in your pocket. You're imagining right now. Think in your mind. Red, black. Don't say anything. Red black. Think hearts, diamonds. Club space. Hearts, diamonds. Club space. If You have a card in your pocket, I'm punching in your face.


I'm telling You right now. It's, I invisible. It's invisible. It's invisible. Punching you dead in your face. I swear. I wanna See that. I wanna See that. I better not have a card in your pocket, man. Alright. Chill out. I'm a clunky with this puppy. I'm telling here. Chill out. You'll be honest, right? If I, if I guess this right. Look this way. Ace. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10. Jack, queen, king, ace, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Jack, queen, king. You imagined one cart. You took it out, you put it in your pocket. You didn't really put it in your pocket, but you pretended to. That's what I told you to do. Black card spades. It was a king of spades, wasn't it?


You can't hear him right now, but he's freaking out. It is A king of spas. I don he was, it was king of spades. Yes. It was a king of spades. Don't hold the reaction in right now. Feel like I'm selling you. What's thing? King of spades. What the fuck wrong with you man? Because that was a card he gave me. Man. That man, I didn't give it to you. That Was card. I didn give you a card. Was a card he picked From earlier. It was a king of spades. King of spades. What? He put it in the pocket. Oh my God. The black God. Yo. I didn. He did a trick to me. He did that. Yo Ian gave you some money outside set. It was a king of spades. It was the kick of space. It was swear to God Ice. Yes. Don't let him beat the whole room yet. Nah, it's impossible.


Don't start with me. Let's Say he's imagining a card. Okay. We got an empty chair right there. You see it? Nick? Listener Can't see we got parked right here. Right? But but right there is an empty chair And you get to fill in that chair. Okay? And I, you're gonna do it in your mind. I was going to take your phone out and get a photo, but no, no. I don't even want it. I want it in your head. You could. Somebody's sitting right there and you know what you're doing. You're on the edge of your seat. You're, you're you. You got questions lined up. And I make this exciting. 'cause normally I would think of somebody alive, but dead or alive. Man, woman, whatever. Somebody that you have not have the que. Hold on. If you look over there, I don't put you on the spot. Okay. Do you know what question you would ask this person? Or you're not even sure yet? I'm not even sure of the question yet.


Okay. You're not even sure the person. Alright, hold on. Hold. Think of this thing is, I think I know. Gotta be under pressure. You think you know his person? Yeah, I think I do. Don't say, don't say I won't. Oh shit. Come on. He pull my books. Come on. Here's What I do. Here's what I do. I got a pad of paper and a marker. Don't say the name that You think it is. 'cause you know him. We just met what? When I walked in the door. Right? Right. How many letters are in this person's first name that you think he picked that you, that I think that you think he picked? Just tell me the number of letters. Six. Well don't say see I just watch his face. No, no. I don't want you to say, I could tell just by looking right there at ICE's face that he was wrong. It's not six letters is it? No, it's not six letters. It's not six. You got it wrong. Good try though. Okay. Look at hell me.


Stick to your day job. No, We just got back to that. The listener who you know, the person to comment. Gonna make stage scripted. Did before I walked in this room, had we ever spoken a word in our life? No. Is there any, did I tell you who you would have to pick? Did I some way say you gotta go. Absolutely. Go. Come on, do this. I'll slip you a hundred. Nothing. Right. Nothing. Hold he could, would've thought of anybody. Anybody hold down. Freeze. Alright. He gonna get it wrong. Hold down. We got this. No, Look, he's got his arms locked around. Yeah. No body language. Nobody. No. The body language is clear. You got hands crossed and legs crossed. That's a hundred percent a dude vibe. It's a guy.


I know you picked a guy. If it was a woman, you gotta spread 'em out a little more. Yeah. You know what I'm Saying? You can't be that tight. The Pelvic, you can't be that that tight. You gotta get him room to breathe. Can't be that tight. No, that's a guy. Guy. Tight. The pelvic buddy. That's a guy vibe with the pelvis. Hey, loosen up in your hips. Yeah. Alright. Alright. When you said six to him, you know what I saw? It's too much. Name's shorter ice. Close your eyes. Yo. Don't close your eyes when a dude. No, no. I wanna show everybody in the room. I don't wanna show you. Are your eyes closed? Come Eyes Are closed. Folks. Don't say this out loud. Don't say this out loud. Everyone in the room get a peek. If you guys saw it, say yeah.


It better not be Alright. No worry. I'll fight this shit out of free so Everybody knows. Has everyone all of you say? Yeah. If you just saw what I wrote down. Yes. Yes. I can't change my mind. Yes. Yes. Ice. Ice. Open your eyes. Someone's sitting right in that chair. It is only in your brain. You're seeing him right there in that chair. Anyone, anyone? I said who's sitting in that chair? Tell us. I don't wanna say it though, because Hey Yo. Chris Burn. Chris Brown. Chris Brown. That was an easy one. That's an easy one. I'm not blown away sensation though.


Yo. And your dog. Yo, why the fuck you at work thinking about Rick Brown? Yo. No, no, no. He said, he said somebody that we would, I would love to have on the podcast. Yeah. Yeah. But interview you. You throw a curve ball over the place. I didn. I thought it was Nipsey. God damn. That's why I said sick. I thought it was Nipsey thought was I was doing yo. Who I thought it was Jesus. I was saying either him I was Alan Iverson or Chris Burn. I was that exactly. I was, yo see, good thing I don't have this gift. Boy, You think it be in trouble.


Have your ass Look at park's all nervous over there. Now, lately I'm not crazy. I'm not going Hold up. What's up with you? Yo, I ain't spoke the dude. But that was an easy one. I don't, I don't think it was that hard. Neither if he picked mine. Well, you was wrong. Parks Parks you them wrong. But how much history you got with Joe? How long you known Joe? Since what? Oh 7, 0 8, something like that. Pull Us down. Parks coming Up on almost 20 years, right? Yeah. Not quite. So you know, you, you, you lose your bank card. They call you up and they go Parks. How do we know you're really you and not the guy who stole the card? Okay. Right. So they say, what's your mom's maiden name? But hear me out. Mom's maiden name. They don't say that anymore. 'cause my mom's on Facebook. You wanna know who my mom is? She likes every photo.


She comes and says that's It is my number one fan. So that's not a good question. What I like to ask people is ask me a question that nobody would know. Even your boy from 17 years, he's not gonna know this. True. Okay, so when I walked in this room, full transparency, I walked up to Parks. I said, come up with the question. Don't say it to anybody. Don't write this question down. Don't nothing. Think of a question that none of us would know. Yeah. There is no way in the world. I could know what that question is, could I? No. Not a chance. No one in this room would know what the question is. Forget the Answer. Forget the answer or answer. I'm talking about. I'm talking about even what question you're gonna, it's not mother's maiden name, is it? No. Okay, so Of course not.


If you ask the question out loud, you put it out in the universe. Could any of us know the answer? No. Okay. What's the question? When we were teenagers, a couple of my friends, when we would get real fucked up, would say a phrase to each other. Okay. Okay. No more, don't say anything more. Imagine you're in front of a keyboard, but with computer different than te thumbs is texting. Put your hands like on a keyboard right now in front of you. You got uncrossed your legs. Alright. So I feel like now you're cheating. I want you to imagine bullshit that you type the answer. You don't have to actually move your fingers. You just gotta think about it. Okay? Alright. Look what he did. I saw it. See? Why'd I position him like that?


I think a flip is still shook up from before you see in this, he's like, how the Hell shook up? Now, How'd you know he's a king of spas? Alright. You tapped your thumb once. What's on a keyboard? Everyone take a moment. Space bar. Space bar. Bar, space bar Ish. Boom. You did that in between two words. It's two words, isn't it? The answer's two words. It is two words. Yeah. What? What are you going? Yeah. Two words. How would I known that he acted like that was normal? Alright, hold on. Yeah, he is sleeping on. Yeah. And that was hate. Of course it's two words. Yeah. That was easy. Alright, don't hit on your bread fringe. Which word is more interesting to you? The first one or the second one? Or you don't care? Don't care. Don't care. Don't care.


Alright. Think of either word. You do it. Okay. You thought of second word? No. Oh no. Yeah. Parks. Oh, good. I like his movement around. See, he's, he's the opposite. He does the opposite. He looks this way. When he looks that way, he's kind of watch Now we'll figure him out. You're thinking of the first word. Then pick any letter in the first word. Don't tell him which one. All the letters in front of you. Boom. You grab one out and you take that letter like it's a Scrabble tile. And you can hold it in your hand. Can you See that letter. Yes. So what he did is he looked at the first letter 'cause his eyes went to the left. That's the first letter we read left to right. But he does the opposite. You didn't think of the first letter, did you? No. See he did that to look to throw me off.


Come on. Who are you talking to right now? Yeah, that's what he did at the little secret meeting. I think you jumped and then you grabbed one and I thought it was like right near the middle, but it wasn't in the middle. It's not the last letter. Is it either? No. N are you thinking of an n? I am. You are yo Fam Holy shit part. See that? That that's real talk right there. He just thought of a letter. I knew it was an N. It sounded like an M in my mind. Is there, on a scale of one to 10, you've seen all the stuff I've done, but this is for you. You called me out. Where on a one 10 is Impossible. Impossible. Where does this fall for you? Eight. How do we make it a 10? Hold on, I got it.


I got the second word. Yo. Parks. If you let him make it a 10 right now, he Said I have the second word. Yeah, you had Nate for the first word. Holy shit. But when I go right there, no. And I wrote this. You better not. You want me to show you or you want me to say it to you? Say it. Yeah. Yeah. Your boys here, you see him? You're nine years old. You're high five. Bing chow. How the fuck did you get that? No, wait, wait, wait, wait. Is it bing Chow? That's bing Chow. Is that right? Holy shit. Yo. What the fuck is going on? Bullshit Is this? That was a good way to, I see what you tried to do though. What? Why? On terms of the throw off. Like Oh yeah, the, Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That was a great, that's a good whatever He thought that.


Yeah. And he came up with this shit. This little Peter Parker looked this motherfucker, this guy is fucking great. And He like a Tom Traveler or something like you. That's what Pat McAfee calls me was traveled back in Time. He did be his pen and his little pad to write On, you know, no pens, no pads, no Nothing. Oh, you got 'em Joe. You got me? Good Joe. Have you written down a thing? Have you written down anything? Have you whispered something to somebody? Have you said anything to anyone in this room? No. So when I walked in here again, we had like one minute before I came on air and I you, we mentioned something interesting, which is the fact that yesterday I had somebody think of someone that had passed away and I shared that with you. It was like, it was a weird thing at a show.


And I, they, they said, this person, are they alive and dead? I'm like, I think they're dead. 'cause it's just their body language. And you told me you had thought of someone a few days ago where you were going through your phone and they popped up and it was someone who passed away. Is that right? Yeah. I'm not guessing that person. Nothing to do. You shared that information with me so I don't want people to think later. Oh, he told him so he's using it. But that's something weird which just popped in your head. Something just popped in your head that you weren't expecting. Yeah. And I said to you, think of someone in your phone that you have not talked to in a while. That you've literally, you've not talked to this person in a while, hasn't been the last day or two otherwise too recent. You might have just said their name on the podcast guy or girl. And I want you to think of that person. And then what if we called them right now?


What if we call them right now, put them on air. Everyone heard it and you said to them a word, two words, three words, like something, a phrase, something that they would understand. And none of us would get like bing chow. Can you close your eyes? Close your eyes and and think of what Fuck talking right now. Think of what you would say to them. A man tell you, close your eyes and your first thought is to puck her up. Yeah, just the cheek. Was it? Tell me it was two words, right? Oh Yeah. Two words. Open your eyes, notice your body language earlier. Ice was tight. You went open. I think it's a female. You were thinking of a female. Am I right? Yeah. Yeah. Come On. That's Easy. Yeah, that is easy.


Oh, you know Joe's like, I'm not thinking Of any guys. Met my girl. Alright. My girl do this every night. I'm in a train her. She's like, look at him Joe. You think of another girl? I tried to make it a guy cut in. I'm sorry baby. Yo, What do you, do you call her by her name or a nickname? S good. That's a general question. That's a good question. I don't know the answer to that. Perfect. That's good. That's good. All right. I don't know If this is her real name or fake name. Shit. You just think they call her mother named her heaven.


Why are you talking about It's cool, it's hard talk. That was solid. Solid. Pick a letter. You know what? Same thing I did. Parks. Pick a letter. Here's her, her name or her nickname. God given name. Maybe her. I picked a letter already, bro. I'm not, I'm him. I'm not him. I'm him. Like, know who you're dealing with here? Yeah. You See that? Yeah. I felt like more than one felt like more than one bitch. The letter. The letter you just thought of. Oh, there's more than one of it in the name Isn't there? Yeah, there's more than one. There's more than one. It's like Michelle with two Ls. I saw it. You it looked at two of them. Okay. At Two probability.


You're doing it. Probability I'm not doing probability. Okay, I'm with you. And you were thinking of me. My name's a weird one. OOZZ. You thought of a Z, didn't you? I did think of a Z. And it sounds like the word jazz. Ma Jasmine, is that her name? What the no, what the And I would've gotten away with it if it wasn't, if it wasn't the kids Z. Hey, that was fucking impressive. Wait, Wait. He was gonna call her on the phone. He was gonna call her on the phone and he said he was gonna tell her two words.


Oh shit. That's yeah, it's two words. Oh, Two words. Oh, you about to get, man that was holding trouble. Now turn it up. Do it. Do it. Let fucking go. Was he gonna say a place that was my first, my first instinct was he's gonna tell her a place. Why was it a place? But now No, he's looking away. No, it's not a place I View. Oh shit. Do they know Jasmine? Y'all know Ja. I don't know. I don names. I don't think so. I think he knows her through someone. I think it's not a place. I think he knows her through someone. Somebody connected somebody. You don't talk to her. You know her through someone else. Sums up.


Sums up. Two words. Two words. You know What guy, I'm about to go block you from my girl page. I know that much. Joe, how about this? You go, you took somebody else chick. You go in another room, in another room. Let's Timestamp all this shit. You know what you said? It is my pen. This is a pen. I don't care what? I don't wanna write it 'cause people can't hear it when we're on there. What if, what if you write this down somewhere or you don't wanna write it. I wrote it. Oh No, no. You not write anything. There's nothing here. Here. How could I reveal this? I don't wanna show anything visual. I don't wanna just say it. Think of the first word. It's a guy, somebody that knows the two of you. Two words. Is it a first and last name?


Common ones. Yo, Michael. Paul. Yo, I'm You took MP work again? No, no, no, no. It's a joke. Yo. It is. All right. Holy shit guy's. Good. The guy's good? Yo, this shit scary. I ain't gonna hold you all man. You got buddy. You want, I'm dumbfounded. I got a headache. I'm trying to think of how He's, I tried to throw him off. Yeah, I tried to just picture that had nothing to do with me at all. God damn. I've never heard Joe Joe button this quiet in my whole life.


Yeah, no, you're good. Nah, if my girlfriend got in touch with you got some of your powers, it's over. That is ridiculous. Where does somebody learn how to do this and mother Fuck do my book's coming out this, this year. My book's coming out later this year. And What happens when you're, when you're, what happens when Happens to my daughters become teenagers? They're gonna be in a lot of trouble. That's true. Yeah. That's a good point. Or when you're negotiating, hold on. Don't tell them. No, I got That. I'm pretty good with negotiations. Don't say, I bet you fuck it up. Yeah. Don't say what are the downsides of the gift? Mine's always racing. You know, I'm always thinking. But I think that's like anybody's kind of a DHD I'm always thinking of stuff.


I'm always watching stuff. But it's, it's a switch. It's not like a, it's with me all the time. I've gotta focus to do it. You see what I'm saying? It's kind of, you gotta turn it on. Yeah. You got like some Gil Grissom shit going on with you. What is Gil Grissom? Gil Grissom was the guy on the original CSI. Ah, okay. But he was the one, he was like the mind that. Is It annoying? I feel like you can read people so well. Like is it annoying, like meeting people and kind of seeing Through liars Bullshit immediately? No, not really. I'm fine with it. I Feel like it would ruin my social. I, I feel like I could greet people pretty well and I Right. Don't wanna hang out with people. 'cause I can tell they're full of shit. Yeah. At your level. I feel like you must not wanna talk to anybody.


It, It would go down that path a little bit. But no, I, I still enjoy it. Yeah. When you see it, do you ignore it? I try to turn off the mentalist stuff when I'm in day to day. Got it. For sake of like, your mind not racing. Got it. It's kinda like revving an engine. It takes a lot of focus to do it. Mm. Do you, do you ignore it at times? Like if you, if you're talking to somebody just casually and you see the bullshit and it's like, eh, you know what? I know you bullshit. I'll ignore it and still continue. Yeah. It's good when you're interviewing people or negotiating Negotiation, negotiating. Yeah. Amazing. They don't stand a chance. No chance. Where do you stand on Iowa? Ayahuasca? I've never done ayahuasca, but I mean, I'm all for it. I've got a hundred buddies that have done it and you know, I think psychedelics are You've done mushrooms or any, any psychedelic at all?


I've Been psychedelics. Yeah. For sure. Okay. I think I've had some of my best ideas on it. I was about to Say, does it life changing? Does it Heighten your, your, your existing gift? You wanna hear a funny story? Yes. I mean, it's a great story. So this was in Amsterdam before weed was legal. And I'm not a big cannabis guy, but like, I don't know, just not back in the day. High school. Different story. I'm in Amsterdam and there's tricks that I would do that were magic tricks. Not like this, even though this stuff will freak you out too. But I would do tricks that were designed specifically for stoners back then. And I had a part trick. I Feel like easy work, easy work, But there's ones that really mess with you. So in Amsterdam there's a guy, I meet them and this is before weed was legal here, you know, you go to Amsterdam, I was on a layover. It's a big deal to go to like Bulldog Cafe and smoke.


And I meet this group where one dude's on mushrooms and he's really tripping hard. And I walk up to him and we're doing, I do some card tricks. Everyone's kind of cool. And then I have one for him that's like the trick. And it's one where I tell somebody pick a card and they hold it in their hand, face up. So you hold it in your hand. Like imagine king of spades for You right there. Flip. And he's holding the card. And I take the other card and I just wave them. I go slow. I go, don't blink. And he's holding the card and I wave the cards over. And when I moved the card slow, the card shrinks to one quarter of the size, like, like a mini card just in his hand. He looked at the card, he looked at me, he looked at the card, he looked at me. He dropped the card and he ran. Man, he ran out. God, right? Yes. And yo, I left two and a half hours later to go to the airport.


They still didn't know where he was. He was black, right? Well he was white. He was white. I, I ain't fucking with them. I would like to see him like talk to big mama. Oh yeah. She kicking him out quick. Get him and that devil worship. I, I wonder if that guy remembers that. Like, I just wanna know, I'm hoping he's safe. I'm hoping he's okay. I hope he's seen my success and been like, yo, that guy really messed me up in Amsterdam. But I'll never forget that guy with pupils that were the size of his eyes looked at me, thought he just saw God. Like, not even in me. He thought like, Oh yeah. I mean he was, he did not even know what hit him. I think the whole universe deconstructed in front of him. You still know how to do that trick? I still do, but I don't, I don't do it anymore. Oh, gotcha. It's a kind, kind of a little slight of hand thing.


I still do though. You, you, you were saying earlier that a couple minutes ago that thinking you think a lot, right? So Yep. Where do you have to go to or you know, sort of decompress or think less like what do you have to do? Is it in your room with your Family? Question me, with my kids. I, I can't be thinking. What's that? No. I's a great question. Question. No, I think, I think when you're with your family, it kind of just, there's so much input. I have four kids and so none of them one on the way. God bless. And it's very busy house. Congratulations Joe. Congratulations. Thank you. Don't congratulate me. Congratulations. My wife. She does all the hard work that Part too. There you Go. But, but I think with kids, I tried to be present. I'm gone a lot. So when I'm home I try to really be present and enjoy them. And like, you can't be thinking when there's kids running around doing this.


It's, it's, it's chaos. It's my favorite kind of chaos. But same. And you say you have to focus so much that and they don't like it. So I'm on tv. They're like, I was on right before the Super Bowl, biggest appearance of my life. My kids, I, I go do magic shows that their school. But I'm not that good at these magic shows. I haven't done them in like 20 years. And these kids eat you alive. Like what's in your hand? Lemme see your thumb. Oh my God. Open your pocket. There's definitely something in your pocket. I'm like, yo, what? Look, can't get your hand outta my pocket. I'm like rethinking my career choice. After this one show, I came home and one of our friends in the building saw me. He thought somebody died. My face was like, actually like, what just happened? I go, I think, I think I gotta quit my job. My second grader just like, they just destroyed me. And so when I did the Super Bowl, they called me on FaceTime right afterwards. Biggest appearance ever. Randy Moss freaking out.


Adam Schefter was on ES ESPN right before Super Bowl. And they go just, you talk too much. Do the trick with the candy. 'cause I have a trick where just make candy appear. They're like, just do that one. Yeah, do that one, do that one look, look Bad. Like, like great directorial notes. Like stop doing all the tricks with the mind stuff. Just make more candy. Just make pop up. Yep. That was it. That's the wild The Kids brought me right back down. Is it tough? Is It, is it tough for you? Like, It is for me to explain to like my partner that I had a long day of work. Like she's just like, you talk for a living, right? So, but you was just like, I travel a lot. You were just thinking. So like, I'm traveling like crazy. Like if you see my schedule next week, I have six shows in four days. I crossed the country twice. I got two red eyes where I'm sleeping on planes, waking up 8:00 AM I'm already on stage for 3000 people.


So how Many days out the year you going? Probably About one 15. Oh wow. Damn Gosh. Yeah. Oh, you getting to it In the bag? 3000 people. Oh yeah. We pocket Watch up here. Yeah. Up here. Up here. And you're, and you're the person that's nearest you in your competition? Or do they, do they do venues in similar size or do they have a touring outfit set up? So I don't tour as much. It's interesting enough. I do some, a little bit of that, but I do corporate events. So I kind of went, I cut out where you would think to yourself normally ha Negotiating.


So they, it's always better when somebody spends not their own money. When I'm buying tickets for a show, hey, take it. I'm like, how much is this show? But when it's a corporation, Nabisco you saying Biscuit Money. Biscuit money Joe. So no, I just do all different corporate events. I do some other things, but the TV stuff, but again, I don't even see it as competition because I, I, we turned down much more shows than we take in, which is really a great problem to have. But it's from all the exposure from TV and then really focused in the last few years on social media and saw that in ways where I think some people really didn't understand the power of viral clips. Yeah. And consistency and what it could Do for Business. Yeah. It is dopamine. If you're on TikTok, hundreds of millions of views. People see like the right clips. Like a Joe Burrow, I, I literally carpool with, with another, a couple other dads and moms in this thing.


They don't know what I do. I look like an accountant. Gil Grissom right there. This one guy thought I was a lawyer. He's like, he goes and he shows me his phone. Three people sent him to Joe Burrow in the same week. He goes, Joe, that dude looks just like you. I'm like, that is me. He's like, how do you do this? He's like, this is what you do for a job. He's like, I thought you were a lawyer. I'm like, yeah, I never said anything. Well, but he, it's, it's, you know, it's kind of a niche. Oh, they did, Did it, did it, did it change how they talk to you? Not really, Because you know now people thinking, Oh shit here. Now when he says to me I can't take the kids from subway pool. I'm like, I know what you're really doing. I know what's going on. What? No, I'm kidding. What? Don't lie and say you're sick. That's a fake call. I'm, I'm, I'm so, I'm so, I'm, I'm so upset that he, that he won here. I'm saying I thought that we would be the place to stump him.


I'm still, I'm still waiting for mine. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. His broken foot's throwing me off. I can't get in his head. You know what, we'll try one thing. Here we go. Get him Ish. Oh, you're smiling already Ish. You're the last, you're the last, the last hope Ish. The last sweep the room. Well, we Can't, we can't repeat. I can't have you do like what he did. I can't even do It. Is gotta be something new. Something new. So, but you know what? Your phone grab your phone. You thought of somebody and you thought of Jasmine. There was a reason you picked that person. For some reason she popped in your head, no, you're not in trouble. I'm not Doing this that You think it is. Go to your contacts, but hold the phone where I can't see it. Hold the phone where I can't see It.


Oh God. I'll stop talking to you again nigga. Hey, depending on what he pull out. It is you get your Start looking through. Oh, what do you, is it Galaxy? What do you got? I don't know how to, I don't know. And Galaxy, does it tell you how many contacts you have or no, This is this. I got a fire. He setting you up. I don't care. I don care. Way to the bottom. He's got too many to know. This guy's popular. No, this one. It is Light. Light flex. Extremely Popular. Light flex. Alright, you're looking through. Can you See, can You see? He is got a privacy screen. He's got private. You can't see anything. Alright, obviously, here's what I'm gonna do. I'm moving Mike over. And you're not mobile. The foot, the Achilles. You're gonna tip your phone so ice can't see it and you can't see.


Now if you just hold, I'm away. If you just hold somebody by accident, it's a butt dial. I don't want you to butt dial. That's important Here, can you bring the phone closer? I don't wanna see, but I don want you to do It. Is it scrolling? Yes. Yeah. So you're, you're gonna do this. I don dunno if you can see, can you see, I can see it a little bit. You're gonna scroll, but go up and down and whenever you want. Can you see is it moving? You're gonna stop somewhere and I want you to, to stop. But it's very important. Don't accidentally butt dial or call somebody. You're just gonna keep scrolling like I was doing. Hold it like this. Lower, like flip your hand. Start scrolling. Look when you're done, give it a couple scrolls. Now is he going down? Is he going up? Is he gonna go to a, is he gonna go Z? Whenever you wanna say I'm done Scrolling. Come on man. I'm done. Bring It close to your body.


Hold us down Now. Hold on. Before he looks it's not one name. Does everybody understand if he, if it's one name, he did it wrong. He should be on a list. If you, if you take and go through, you just end up on a list. And I don't know where you started. Do you start the top? So probably in the A's or do you, you probably didn't start the bottom. Bottom. I was in the middle, in the middle's. Good. Alright. Give it too much information. Bring Yeah. Don't tell him bring, bring it tight. Ain't not, not Fran. And don't look guys, he's Tricking you. I'm looking away. Now you're gonna see a bunch of names and I'm gonna have you do this. Look at a name somewhere in the middle. So you get to choose and try to, Okay, You see one, put it back to your chest. How many names were on that whole screen?


Probably, probably 15, 20. So it's, It is impossible. Right? Right. Even if I gave you the phone and said look at all the names you couldn't know who you just pick. I had debate. I was trying to see the body language. It wasn't a shift. It wasn't noticeable. Yeah. Did you pick a guy? No. Oh See I See that opposite. Alright, let's go Ish. Yeah, He wears where you go. You passed the test. He wears a lot of long Johns. Think of her. You know what I want. Here's what I wanna do. I'm gonna let you change in the middle. Look back at that person's name. Was it a first and last name That I picked? Yeah. Look at that name. Wherever It is in the middle. And I want you, I'm gonna see if I can see the difference when he changes. Watch, keep looking. Don't change where you're on the screen, but with your eyes. Just keep going up until you run outta names to look at till you get to the top of the list.


It's like three girls, then one guy, then two. Then you ended on another girl person at the top. Is it a female? It is. See 'cause you did the same thing. I'm always watching for tells. The tells are when people do something different. Don't talk to me. Do you know her? Do I know the girl that's at the top of my list? Yeah. Whoever you looked at last. The last person you did, you registered different. You looked like you had a very different expression. Do you know her? Well, We cool. Look this way at me. We cool. Put the phone down. Something there. I shouldn't, you know, I'm going for it. Think about this. He picked anywhere in his phone. He picked anything he wanted. He changed name what? Six, seven times.


It's not a family member said we Cool. Never that. No, no, never. Never a family member. Doc. You got him. He keep everybody falling nose. Oh shit. Hey, doc is killing a girl and not family. This is so on brand. It's a first and last name. Think of her first name. It's Kathy Lee. Some shit that's on my phone now. Okay. Yeah, I don because this is different than the assignment that you gave me. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Forget assignment. Not that assignment. It was a trick, man. No, he thought of somebody famous. I want you to do something fresh. Come on. I'm not doubling down. I wonder who this is.


Me Too. I'm on the edge of my seat. Me Too. I want to know mean Parks. You had theories, Parks the whole time. Had theories. He goes, oh man. Maybe, maybe maybe he, he knew what he was gonna pick or maybe like he, he's gonna leave you and he's gonna try to deconstruct us. But how could this be? Yeah, he changed his mind five or six times. I wanna know this girl. He thinking About, think of the first letter. Did you speak Spanish? No. No. He was about to say Poquito. Did you See that? Yeah. Yo, he, he was okay. I think so. He rolled his tongue. Rolled. What's the first letter of her name? First letter On my phone.


Not RRI knew it was an RI knew it. I knew it. And now what names with an R? Damn. You know I got it. I got it. Get the Fucking D. Oh yeah. That's definitely sexy name. That's A sexy name. Hey, that's definitely Parks. He didn't write anything. He didn't say anything. He didn't do anything. He didn't whisper. He looked at his phone. He changed his mind a bunch of times. You know that boy. Tell us All, what's her first name that Was on my phone. You keep saying on your phone. Renee. Renee. Renee. Oh my Jesus. Marion Joseph. Man, what the hell is going on in here? Yo, what the fuck is going on? Yo?


Hey, I like your poker face. Yeah, you did good. You did good. I like your poker face. You fought, you fought, you fought you. That was a one you fought. That nigga Fought the good fight. You fought that, man. You're still smokey. But I mean, oh my God. This guy man. I I I'm speechless. Yeah, that's something different. I, I don't, well now at least IAnd it like ice. Ice came into this thinking we're gonna get this guy that, that was, we all Came too. Me too. I was like, he's never been on anything black. No. You know what though? Look, look, look. In the assignment that he gave me, he gave me a person. He said, yo, pick up somebody that you would have on the couches. So, you know, when my brain started going, I'm like, nah, Lisa, nah, he might watch the show. So I was like, no, I'm not going. You know, my normal, highly buried J-Lo I So if he would've picked that other part, yeah, it would've been, I was like, I That I'll leave that in the back.


That that's a hanging dragon. I told Ice who the person was. I was like, he can't, nobody in here would be like that person. Yeah. I wasn't even against it. Yeah. That was extremely impressive. I can't, I can't lie to you. That was amazing. All right, so all skepticism is out the window now, right? Yeah. It's something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, there's something going on. Yeah, It is up. There's up, there's something there. I don, I don't know what It is, but Bing Chow. How do you pull that? How do you pull that? How do you nickname Yo Dog? How do you pull that? I even went and searched to see if you ever tweeted that phrase. Never. You didn't? Never. I didn't even say the phrase. It was my friends that said the phrase to each other. That was crazy. Yo Bing Chow. I don't know what it means. I don't even like, Listen, he got me twice deep.


Doubled in mine. He guessed one name and then another name that was two Names. And the best trick is I made Flip Disappear in the middle. So Oh my God, that card fucked up up. Yo yo, that that card fucked up. Flip Had it change his drawers? It did. It did. Flip. Flip is out there. Yeah, that really fucked him up. King. Where, where can, where can people see you? Where can people find best way to Find out where I'm gonna be is my socials. It looks like Oz. Everybody blamed my parents Israeli name, but it looks like Oz. So it's at Ooz. The Mentalist. But it's Ooz. So it sounds like somebody owes you money at Ooz. The Mentalist. It's, you know, Instagram, Twitter, TikTok, Facebook, everything. But typically you're gonna see me a lot on tv.


I got a lot of things coming up Nice. A lot of sports teams. I do a lot of stuff with CNBC. So Finance, Nabisco Nabisco. Yeah. All of The, all of the big Corporate company Stadium. Come on. It's that corporate Money. And then, yeah, you know what? Just working on a bunch of new fun things. And the book. You said I Got a book coming out end of the year. Yes. And the book is coming out. The book Is gonna be, the book is not, I'm not gonna teach you to do this. Oh, damnit, that's what I was supposed to ask. Say the what? I'm gonna 49th Law of Power. Yeah. No. So honestly, what I, what I, it's a lens of here. Here's the key is you can see what I do, how to read people more effectively. But it's for the sake of entertainment. But what if you could take some of these skills, write these principles and mentals and apply them to your everyday life. You know, in relationships at work. Like knowing when's the right time to go to your boss and ask for that raise.


Or what's, what's your right moment? How do you remember things better? How can you get inside other people's heads? It's gonna be better for negotiations. Know if people are lying to you. Just tips and tricks that are very useful. All right. And that book is banned in America. I Hope not. Publisher needs to go get big. Jesus. I'm gonna buy that book. Yeah, I'm getting that book. That is, I'm getting that book. Bullshit you pulled today. That was, yo, that's nuts. Flip is still shut. Yeah, he, It is a little bit Worried about flip right now. I'm A little worried. We're gonna ask him to leave in a second. It is. All right. He can't get in your mind anymore buddy. Yeah, my mind. Look at me. Think of your social security at TM No, I'm telling, That was the crazy one.


I saw you do the pin number joint. Yeah. With Kenny. No, that was, it was all was a football player or something. You Dude with DK Had him so number and then had two teammates stand up. What's your jersey Number? Oh no, that was Josh Allen. Josh Allen dog. That was absolutely what I'm insane. That was absolutely, that was ridiculous. Certain things take years. I, I like to run and run like marathons, ultra marathons. I was out running right before that was was going on. I was in Pittsburgh 'cause they were playing Steelers. I was running 20 miles and at mile 18 I figured out how I was gonna finish that trick. 'cause I didn't know how to end it. I didn't know how it would end at the end. I was like, came to me and it was an hour later we did that for Josh Allen. So sometimes it's man serendipitous. I got a question for you. It has nothing to do with anything that we've discussed. It has nothing to do with any mentalist shit.


Yeah. I just kind of wanna know where you stand. Hit me. Who was wrong between Siegfried and Roy and the tiger? Yo, I, I've Which side are you on? I've heard varying counts on that one. But he didn't even blame the tiger. 'cause I guess if the tigers, again, I don't wanna misspeak here, but those tigers have certain rules where like you can't do certain things like chimpanzees. Yeah. You know chimpanzees, if they see you feed another chimp and not them, they'll tear you to shreds. They're, I did not know that. Yeah, they will. I did not know that. There's like big things where food, you can't bring food in with chimps. There's like, and those chimps are so strong. They rip rip you limb crazy. Literally. You ever See that person got their face really horrific. So with the tigers, I think there's certain things where they don't think they're biting you.


'cause think a tiger that big, if they even play bite you, like my dog bites me, he's 10 pounds. Nothing. Yeah. A tiger play bites you. You're dead. Yeah. So my understanding is something happened that, I don't know what it was, but it was like some sort of thing that was a cardinal rule that you don't do. And he didn't know. Like he, he knows how to deal with tigers, but something happened where he didn't blame him like he did something wrong where he had a smell on him or something weird. And that they found out afterwards. And that was what a reference though. Joe Siegfried and Roy Throwback And I don't know if you've seen the clip that's been going around on the internet for a few years, I wanna say of the elephant. Did you see the clip of the element elephant that runs after the the tourist Bus?


Oh, I saw that one. I saw that. And, and the woman passed away and there was a rumor that the, the tourist people had killed the elephant's kid or wife or something. And then the elephant remembered. Wow. So he waited and he ran and did something to these people. Yo, I believe that a hundred percent. You know, crows remember faces Crow? Yeah. They did a thing with crows where like if one of these people like you throw something out. Yeah, they, you they're gonna shit right on your head. My sister had Experience, they hold a grudge. My sister hadn't experience with crows. I may have mention it on this podcast before where someone told her that and she like befriended the crows basically. She talked to 'em, she would put shit out for 'em and they started bringing her shit and showing up at the same spot the next day. Yeah. Like that shit is for Real. You they have a language. They're very smart. Yeah, we do, we do tribute with my kids.


And this is here make this, make this podcast entertaining and educational. Do you know what a group of crows is called? No. A murder. A Murder. That's A true story. It is true. A group of crows called a murder. Yeah. It's weird because my son said That got a murder with the blacks. S that bullshit. Hey, hey. Gotta fucking put murder with the black. What's wrong with you man? I didn. I didn't name him. Be quiet man. Okay. For me, for me, my final question. Yeah. The same way you have this gifts, I'll tell Tim he's right the same way you have this gift, he's right with humans. Clearly. Do you see things in just the earth that maybe the average person or the normal set of eyes doesn't pay attention to?


Do you do, do you think that the earth too, the planet gives off cues and clues as to what it may be thinking or feeling? That's A great question. Yeah, that Is. I don't think, I mean, I think that on a deeper level, but not like the mentalism thing. 'cause the mentalism thing is really, it's a set of skills. So it's, it's really, it's kinda like psychology influencing people. There, there's this, it, it's really, if you think about a chef, you know how a chef has, let's say you got chicken, you got fish, you've got steak, you got all these ingredients. I got sauces. I can make all these recipes. So when I come up with my stuff, I have different ways to do certain things. And then it's like, it's kinda like jazz, kinda like that chopped show where like, you gimme this, you gimme that, I'm gonna whip up recipe. So like right now, I don't always know what's gonna happen when I walked in this room, but I kind of started leaning into things that would work and things that didn't work.


I moved away from. So it's kinda like, it's really true. Like playing jazz. I didn't come in here, you saw me walk in. You're like, how's guy gonna pull this off? We're in a living room. How could you do this? There's no setup, there's no staging. For my bigger show, it's a little more of a production. But I think the mentalism is something that's a series of steps that you can learn to do. That's kind of what the whole book's all about. That's more of like a spiritual question. But I think, I mean, I think there's definitely some energy and something do with the planet and I, I don't know how to tap into that. I mean, what do you think Ayahuasca? Have you done that Ayahuasca? No. Oh, You mentioned to me. So I, I've heard wild stories from people. Shit. Enough mushrooms. You'll start seeing the seeing and feeling the earth. I agree. And shit.


I had one one. The plants. Oh, go ahead. Go ahead. I just have one final question. Are there times when you're wrong? Yeah, a hundred percent. Yeah. And how do, how do you navigate through that? The, the best, the the, the way you see how good you get at this is that people don't know when you're wrong. So that, that's the real art. Is that, what if I told you that in this room I had more than one thing wrong, but you didn't ever see it because I just pivoted around or moved around. It's kinda like, just like duck. And we, it's like Floyd Mayweather doesn't get hit, but does he make mistakes? Sure. So in my show, there's things that didn't go right, like LA yesterday I was on TV and I guarantee you something went very wrong, but I worked around it so quickly. You didn't notice, I noticed you didn't getting stuff like wrong like, like just boom.


Like you just guess something totally wrong and then you're stuck is very difficult on live tv because if there's no more time to get out of it, then you're stuck in a corner. And the worst thing is if the last thing is wrong, but it happens. I, I assure like if you Would've picked the girl's name wrong for me, there would've been no, nothing you could have done. Yeah, but I didn't, I didn't just say I'm gonna guess the name. I, I figured out a letter and then I got Gotcha. I it came together. Right. You noticed that. I understand. It's not a got, it's actually truly like some people just say, tell me right now what It is. I'm like, I don't know it yet. Like I gotta figure it out. I got, It's like a puzzle. It's a puzzle. It's exactly a puzzle. It's Wheel of Fortune. Got it. Only I can put together the letters before Fan White turns 'em around. Gotta Be this. I already know what they are when they're in your head.


It's better Than Wheel of Fortune. Yeah. Yeah. Wheel of Fortune. Keep giving you a bunch of clues. You went from r to a full name. Yep. I feel like there's some crime shows Last name. Hold on, hold on. Oh, last name sounds the same. It's like a rhyming isn't it? Dovey, dovey dove Is it? Don't tell me that's it. Sorry. No, It is Dover, but Dover. Yo. That's crazy. Yo, that's, you gonna let do that on the walkout. Me on the walkout. Gonna, yo, it had be you. I know how you met the girl through Michael Paul. You tell me it Had to be you man. That's a pretty name you're thinking about over there, Dover.


Hey, Hey do boy freak as boy. That's a nice name. Look up me too. Me too, me too. Alright, so No, We good. We good Done with him. We good? We good with him? We good my whole day. Hopefully we don't see him anymore, right? Yes, please. Well unless we need some information. The Only other place you're gonna see me is flip in his nightmares Is what I'm thinking. Leave me alone. Make some noise for old. Thank you Jvp. Thank you man. We are so appreciative. Crazy. I'm a believer. No, no, no. I'm a, I'm officially, I'm Going around the circle.


High fives down the line. I Love it. Thank you Gentlemen. Thank you. No Thank you man. What? That was crazy. What did the round of applause for my guy and he get some real applause. Old Pearlman, a mentalist in this piece. Mentalist. He was doing Some shit. Fucking called witch cry for some shit. I'm, I ain't rolling man. I will say anytime I ever saw that on tv, I never believe that shit. Me either. Me neither. Me either. For him to do it the way he did it in this room to each one of us. Like, come on man. What the fuck is going on here? It's, It is something to that shit. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna get down to the bottom Fam. He's good. I'm I'm, he's good. I don't have nothing to say. He's good. He did it. He did it. Yeah. Fuck me up bro. I'm not gonna Fuck that Shit's gonna fuck you up.


I'm let be replaying all this shit in my mind. You fly B how? Why wait, why? I need to figure out how he did it. Why y'all saying Ching? I'm going to watch and analyze this video like I'm a NFL quarterback word. I need to see where did I slip up Word All that gave it away right there. No wonder. No wonder a male like sitting here looking at your phone nigga You would be like JaMarcus tussle. He was an NFL quarterback. Lemme think of who you who you would be nigga said JaMarcus Tus. You trying to think of some fly ass quarterback. It is wrong. Be like Vince old. What the Fuck Something Wrongest. I old. Something is wrong with him. Yo.


Looking at my phone nigga. I just think it's fly. Son Get out My phone. You be doing like five things at one time's. Why Sit here. That don't mean you could just look at people's phone. This Shit nigga. I'm giving you credit for being Flag. That's flip back somebody. It don't matter where he sit. He gonna look in your phone. He's crazy bro. That nigga be sitting up there. That nigga be he being Ish. Phone, mouth, phone. Yeah but I don't say shit. I don't say shit about y'all niggas. His Shit just, okay. My sleeper proving, proving yet again that I am always gonna be a sucker for a dead president sample. I don't care. What y'all. Oh god I don't care. I don't care. I am playing NTG. This record is called Whatever For You.


I'll do Whatever For You. Don't play You. I don watching Face on Call. Daddy, Hurry up and get ready. Drop your add. Niggas talking all than that. But they don't at me always got an attitude. I'm trying to make you happy every night We fuck with on your Twitter you Jackie find for too but I can't lie. She got the daddy so you bust on her face. It is good for her acne. I can Fuck that bitch wrong. She gonna try me. I be in my feelings too baby. I'm gonna massage you from prejudice to a paddy for sure.


I do Whatever For You. 10 K for your, You Know I play, I be watching Face On Me. Alright. That's brand new music. That's NTG featuring Bay Swag.


That record is called Whatever For You. Available in your phone And on on with DSP. DSPs. DSPs right this very second. Every, all right. I told y'all about the album earlier. No man, I don, I don't know what they did for you. It is cool. You think it Ola? Yeah they did something. It's not, it's not. That's a nice song nigga. Isn't that Ola? Huh? But he been in the hospital. If he come out the hospital he'll See that that song has a little bit of motion now. Yeah, I think you would like where it has motion at too. Of course he would UA I think you would really appreciate who this song has some motion with. It's all I'm saying. I hear you talking. That's it nigga. It should be walking, walking in the spot like this answer the s Little mad medical bike rolling in nigga holding back.


Hey y'all laughing Should work in the spot. Little Medicaid bike. That shit, that shit will work. They give for free. Right. A little sympathy come right over. What's wrong? What happened? You got the bike for free? Yeah. No that shit cost. But I got mine for free. The doctor gave it to me. The little Obamacare bike Shit's like three 50 nigga. Nah does three 50. Yeah like I said, I told y'all about the album. Definitely gonna play off of this Kevin Gates. I'm him too. This is the intro track called Therapy Sessions. Let me give some Kevin Gates come up here man I ask some questions to fucking Kevin Gates. I ain't gonna hold you. Get in nigga get back in your bag.


I gotta ask him a Emotions caught wheel inside. Lot of compartmentalized trauma. I ain't never talked with you about mine so I'm gonna kill me a nigga mama. I ain't even talking bitch dying. They saying hurt people hurt people. Bitch I'm destroyed on the inside might look cool. Call me collective bitch. I go hard on the inside. Silly me believing in a bitch nigga these nigga throw on the inside, put some work down, pull your skirt down. These niggas throw on the inside Cartier lenses. I don't get offended. I quickly remembered I'm offing about shit.


No sense of pretending I'm no longer rocking. My Cartier watches. Cartier water, my Damnest YI don't even like the name to go with it before I go shopping or door the ing. I want a nigga brand to go with it. Big bra here. Big trend. Topic. I put that on my, I'm gonna get with you know that it's floating. I'm standing on business. I get in they face and I handle 'em a 50. You know I'm on 10 when I stand in the trenches internet I keep a positive image in the vicinity. I'm in the 10 you get in my presence. You know the detention took care of whole ass niggas helping broke ass hoes. Wasn't even work speaking on me. Keep my name out your dick so I could get off the Grammy. Commit you a murder. Know you ain't never been off in no gangster. Shit. Back up and ran. I'm back on my purpose. When I was with y'all I was going to circles. You hang with a clock. You part of the circle. I figured it out. I got back in my back.


Yellow caliber matching a Rory convertible. Hold up. Yeah I might have went over your head. I I push a button and all of a sudden still live at home with your mother. Go to your room and go get in your bed. You controlling the gutter. You know I'm th men you know put to sleep you switch, you get up again. Look how they nigga image won't even tell the public where they imagine you taking away from your family. You guilty, you committed everyone else get a slap on the wrist every time you go win. It's a different facility Caught lot of compartmentalized trauma. I ain't never talked with you about mine. Swam a kill me a nigga. My I ain't even talking bitch said people hurt people bitch I'm destroyed on the inside.


You ain't. You don't get by and jack me on heavy whenever you stepping and willing Make an example the Mexican caught by people who matter call I just went on and said I knew that you ain't understanding on my jacket I don to but I'm up rank you know my daddy remember when he was the one to rap me booming. A lot of these niggas be acting. Tell him to speak on it. You know they missing a lot of them. Facts you touching. We take off the gloves and your fingers supposed to be as bra warehouse package delivered in Palace just got off the home with the bread of Dawn.


He throw me the LM Slam bands name. Rain. I don't post up on the gram post up in the trap. Pray to wake up take these extra gram for my swag. No I'm yet, I don't really go nowhere out of town. Shop saw me, park my smoker Pump again. Take my number, let me Battle Spring. I'm about to sha when the business getting handled I be quick, quick to cancel plans so you still be thinking about me. Thank you ma'am. Thank you ma'am. Metro pcsb jumpers bump everything. Me ain't chasing down. Bitches good as bitch and talk good as bitch.


Get s out my face and go you ahead. And that was Therapy Sessions. Kevin Gates featuring Lingo. It's the first track off of his new album. I'm him too in your phones on DSPs. Kevin Gates come up here bro. Come up here man. Get these questions. I'm going to Houston. This is Marcus Clay. Mama Told Me Who the fuck is Marcus Clay before you start your day put this shit on your playlist to understand I'm a future alist.


Fuck the judge and the bailiff and every music critic that's spewing hate making that shit contagious. It's some shit that I can't let you niggas get away with. You tried to play me now. Homicide's my only payment. Yo. Yo yo. I can't hear nothing in the headphones. I ain't no music in in the okay I was in the cut like peroxide. I knew the game is mine from the moment we locked eyes. Bitch I was outside on tour. Bon sure how could you doubt. I contoured the meaning of clay and it outlines the reasoning of my existence. This is hieroglyphics Psychophysics he fishing. I seen the dog in the back of my mind. I watched family turn the fo in the blink an You ever wanted to kill a nigga you share blood with with the same last name and you share blood with.


That's the main reason why me and trusses were same people that say they love you leave you disgusted. I'm the last motherfucker you fucker should fuck with. Keep thinking you tough bitch sleep in the dust stiff but fuck all that shit. Let's get back to this rap shit. They placed me in the wilderness like John the Baptist and I ain't have a goddamn thing. Bitch I gave up every thing for this shit. Ain't no playing bees backup to relax for. What the fuck you think I rap for? To sit back for clearing my throat.


Asking for hope. How could you go against my kid? That's a note. All those years of crying tears when they locked you up 45 years man. Yeah that really fucked me up. But I gotta move on from this certain wish I could bring my mama back alive from the dirt but in the meantime I gotta keep it steady on my mean grind and do everything to feed mine. That's Mama Told Me Marcus Cliff. That sure was fire. Yeah he's done. That was hard. He was super dope. That was definitely hard. Them down south. Niggas got a cheat code with they accents too. They turn you on. No nigga crazy right here talking about that. Fuck you saying? Fuck other put up. Accents are better than Yeah you were.


They nevermind never moving on. Moving on. I don what? Saying moving on them. They don't be playing fair. Right. Moving the fuck. They just smooth. What you got? They just down south boy and they hospitable. Come on. They got You right. They got You right where they want you. I hate these. I just wanna say that you've been like the absolutely hate every day is a they got you when your trip down there. Huh? They a complete chi cold? Yeah as a kid. When you went down in South? Huh? Niggas that's who you fell in love. Right? No mob. No nothing with them voices. They dope playing. Fair. They got and they got backyard freeze. They got backyards. Hell me, you can run around you York.


Niggas don't know nothing about that. We got backyards up here yo. Oh yeah. And driveways and grass. Alright, come on. Alright. What? What Renee? Dover drop. I'm going to, you'll remember the Renee Dover got some heat coming. Yo. What happened? I'm going to Alex Isley. Yo. The song is called Hands Well Rock Hands got gotta use the hands out. The feet's fucked up. Right, exactly. Gotta use the hands now. Been traveling and it's been too long. Oh yo.


Let's go Alex. We feel like mine since I've been home. Need to know Alex. Not Alex. Shades on my Skin. You hater Nothing like the feeling that I left that I can't seem to go reach hands.


Just touch me with your your hands. You help me with your poems anticipated. I've meditating on the places your career. Take in a state of Couldn away when you feel me.


Make sure I don forget slip though. One I can't go without out reach. But you're close enough. I just touch you.


Help me with your hands. Hands. That's Alex Isley Hayes. Good shit show. Good shape. That's my nigga. Don't look at me boy. Don't look at me. That nigga know when he got some heat. That's fire now. That shit was bad. Fire. Keep it to yourself. I was Gate keep it. Nah, that was crazy head nigga. He ain't even on today. The sleeper battle was on Paul. How you know? I don't even, you find that record Bazooka. How you found that?


I got, I got a app. What the fuck you mean? Oh, I'm just saying you don't know that person personally. Do Alex Isley is a, Alex Isley is pretty known person. Oh, I, I don't know. She fine. I mean I didn't know she dropped some shit last week. How you know, and I'm, it wasn't, it wasn't last week. It says March 14th. Get step your game up. Oh shit. Apple said that. I don't know. You get the, it was February. It's a camper record. That's why it was February. It's a what record? It's a camper record. It's not really a camper. Right there. February 28th. I got that. Let's go eat Let's go eat. It's all right ake. Oh, I'm looking at the strip down your hands. Lemme see. Mm. And you stole one of my joints. They told me about strip.


Huh? What's the name? The internet told no one of my sleepers. Oh. It's what's her name? Same questions. Still A Oh yeah. Pretty much. That was fire. God damn. The world told me it's cool you, that was the end of the sleepers, right? You got now drop? Nah, nah was out here though. Now shout Black. Nah. Yeah, I still doing that. Y'all a freak part two, You know what I mean? I'm getting ready to do some work man. Ah. Your hands so stupid. YI don't feel like there's anything else I need to get off my heart.


Let's see here. That's the weekend. It's the weekend. What's up? What's happening? What's happening? Family shit. Chilling. Shit. Yeah, same going on the spot, feeding the homeless. We going in the spots. You going where? All the spots. Oh, y'all outside moving around? Yeah. On the, on the motorbike. Yeah. Nick, I'm trying to tell you something. That boy get the scooting boy. I'm trying the bike works. That's a joke, nigga. No it ain't outside. You ain't fooling me. I don ain't got nothing to planned. I mean, I'd love to sound different so we could all not sound so washed. But nah, I don't really have nothing to planned. Sometimes it's all right. Yeah, It is chill for a little bit. Got single.


Listen Bill Bur said It is fucking eight hours of sleep. It is a new pussy. Ain't gonna lie. You ain't lying. I can't get eight. Oh. That's too much for you. You can can't take, you can't take take that. You can't take that. You can't take the eight, eight hours worth of just finish sound. Say the old day like a strong five six. I can't A UA lot. Ease it in. Right boy. Take your time. Rush Rush them nigga with eight is a Chico and they boys.


I don Southern Boys. I ain't street. When you looking at me. I need a soldier. Stand up if You know what I mean. Shit. Holy I You had no limit. Do not play that right now. No, we gotta it like that. We got nigga I'm the hottest. I see why you was at eight at the table now. Now I got you. That's funny. Got you. Now you seen at home anything? Here you go. Okay. All right. I was just asking you absolutely what I'm saying. Disgusting. Where to end the podcast?


I'll be back at the table. Yeah. Kurt t y'all did it for you. Go free freeze, take it further. Freeze. Holler, freeze. You could kick it with Kelly no longer. Call them further. That is absolutely disgusting. So the baddies are insecure. That's true. That's true. We are gay as hell now y'all, y'all Oh shit. Some soul isn't he? Go ahead, ask them where they at with the background. Where they at? Where they at?


Oh my Lord. All alright listen man. Holy disgusting. Hopefully y'all have enjoyed this podcast as much as we enjoy delivering it to you. Keep us in your breath. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time I bid you a new farewell. Idio Reba DCI Asta. Hey Yeah, Destiny's Child was saying whatever the hell anything they wanted to. Kelly married a white dude hold from the project. Where was they getting this from?


Instead of saying she, her verse talking about ho Her verse. Yeah she was, she was talking about Ho. Oh I don know we like them boys. BPK. Okay. I didn't have how money? Three words. I don't have it memorized. I just heard it yesterday because this one hits ho a little bit. Oh yeah. That nigga got the first, you got sold to Memorized. I just wrote it yesterday. And you were sitting there thinking about Chris Brown. I ain't forgetting about that neither nigga. And you were sitting there thinking about I don't care. I don't care. I didn dead or alive. Dead or alive. Anybody dead or alive at the top of that nigga? Mine was Chris. Chris Brown Breezy.


You want a breezy remix? Phenomenal. Yo, y'all hold it down man. We getting the fuck outta here. We'll call everybody. Enjoy your weekend. Shout the hey listeners. The first and last time. Listen. Hey, hey, hey Freeze. I don't think you should be singing this like that nigga. Just chill. Let the song play. Music is music. Fuck y'all. He trying to have a a cool head nod to this shit. It is over. It is too late. I don't Yeah, but you head no. Can't be cool. Yes It is. I don't care. You, you seen Kelly in this video? Yes I did. Amazing. What about her?


Definitely did. What about her? Hey, what you talk about nigga Hands? I was trying to learn that dance, that little shit they was doing. Let's say do it right now when you on your little boot. Nah, some shit. Y'all turn this shit off. Y you gonna be mad. You cut way a minute. If I catch you outside. Cut Wayne all on that meta bike. I'm gonna kick it down. Right. You crazy. Y'all are bugging yo. No, no. He could go but I better not see him. I better not See that little Obama kid bike riding around. Yeah, you, you really are. Whiling and Young money is It is Army. Yo. Wait, I'm telling you something but you gonna be in the spot with it or you gonna chain it up outside? No, you gonna the sym you, you gonna change.


You gonna change it on the fire, not the bike rack. Raise the bikerack next to the city bikes. Yo. No fighting the words right? No, We good? All right, y'all down. No, no, no. Biden And good dad bitch. Bad round floor. Welcome home man. We missed that energy man. We missed you man. We missed you dog. We good energy. We did miss this guy. We did peace. Shout our sister Mel again. Missing peace bro. Our system, our sister in Christ, Mel, big Mel Spirit and that's that. Here we go. Islam. J-B-P-J-B Psych.


Fuck y'all back. Don't try to rush through it. Come on. No. Now don't try to rush through the JBP though. Don't try to do that.