
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show that The fuck. Get your hands out. Alright, we ready? We ready? We ready? Hey, we're ready. Yes, sir. What's popping? What's happening? Mark? You might want a microphone.


Oh, something. We're talking the most shit, right? Yeah. Mr. We don't need a board. We don't need a board professional. We don't need a board. I know he used To his table. Y'all used to have me over there. I forgot. I forgot. Shout out to Ish, by the way. Shout him out. Indeed. My brother Who's getting his, his, his, his, his, his injury handled. I, I found him a surgeon. I found him an excellent surgeon. So she's gonna take care of him. Okay. All right. Where's the surgeon? Here? LA. Oh, for real? Wow. Yeah, Sure. Yeah. I found good black woman surgeon dope. Incredible. Yeah, She's, I, I ruptured my achilles as well. I didn't use her, but I thought this is a really good opportunity to give a black woman a chance.


Why You send them the who deal? What kind of shit is that? Is Achilles? Hold on. Hold on. Yo is my brain. No, no. Is my brain just sick in the head? That sounds some blood. Like I don't wanna I don't wanna be sick in the head 'cause I wanna give black woman props and all praise. Yeah, but that ain't sound like props. That was insane. Mark. No, I'm, I'm just teasing ish. 'cause I know he is nervous. She probably won't hear this. No, she's an excellent, I honestly one of the best in the country. She's amazing. She gave me a lot of good advice on my, on on mine. I just happened to not go to her because I didn't discover her. Till afterward I would've gone to her. And she's amazing. I was happy to, to, to pass the connection over. I mean, she's so dope and that's why he went all the way across the country to, to, to see her.


She's amazing. I mean, in one version of the story, I'm sure all of that's true. What's the other version? In the other version? This black surgeon lady is dope enough to start this podcast with a five minute ad. And though I didn't go see her from my surgery for whatever reason 'cause she's so great. But there was something that happened that I didn't go see her. Damn, fuck. Hey, I didn't talk during yours. I didn't talk during yours. Yo, this lady is the dopest surgeon in the world. But when I tried to go see this black lady, I went over, went To the white man, But something happened to where I couldn't get it done.


I'm not saying that's the wife, I mean, but what I can do is suggest My man's Her to my Man's who Has the same white injury And he could fly. There's a flight involved. You could fly long flight, Long flight, Long flight. You could fly it to this black lady surgeon. You Gotta stay over there to recover. And I would assume there's some pretty good surgeons right here in New York. Talk Along. Hey, that's the thing about New York, y'all. Hey, if you never been, Hey, hey.


They got the best of the best. The, the premium, the best of everything. The best in the fucking whole Universe. They come here, happens to just be across the water right there. You could see, you could see that's, that's, That's the crazy part of that about it At New York got dope surgeons. Yes. And because this was a recommendation and because she's so good, it made sense. You know what I mean? I didn No, it make a lot of sense. I don't know what to asking. I agree with you. It make all the sense in the world. Niggas is crazy. Oh my God. That's funny, nigga. Oh Man. My girl will put that lady old history on the tv. Oh yeah. Black lady surgeon. Huh?


La Huh? What's her name? What time we going? My girl going right to her gram. That's girls Wikipedia for bitches. They gram. Oh man. How y'all doing? It's good to see y'all. Good. Good to be seeing you. How you feeling? I I'm Feeling great. I feel great. Guy with my trainer yesterday. He gave me the, the stretch out the stretch. I needed pause. Yeah. Did the right thing with my body. My meal prep going great. Oh. Meal prep? My my no smoking is going great. Okay. It is going all right. Shit was going all right. That's what I'm talking about. I was over here getting educated. Mel was teaching me some health shit over here.


What'd she Teach you? I was teaching him about a herniated disc. Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Annoying. Yeah. Who has that? Oh yeah. I need to hip of you. It is, It is. You got it too. Where's, where's yours? L six L seven. Mine's in my cervical spine, so. Oh. It goes up here. How y'all, how you do that Car accident? That's okay of you. Oh. In the lumbar. Fucking, fucking, I ain't gonna hold you. So was tearing that shit up. No, Jesus. When he looked at Mel and was like L seven, That, oh that's, I was like, how you do that?


I was trying to be nice. Good Thing you skipped the game. Oh. Herniated disc nigga. Ain't the male version of that. Just a hernia. No, just have a hernia. No, No. Different part. Totally, totally Different. Oh my lord. Holy man. Different Keep relating. Go ahead. But anyway, I was getting educated on that 'cause I didn't know Just as annoying What it was or how you get that Injections, all that shit. I, I ain't doing the Surgery. You got injections. I had trigger point injections my lower back Here. What was the trigger point? Girl Down? I'm asking for real. We doing, I don dunno nothing about a Right there.


We Nigga got a B Nigga got injections by his. Damn. How your lower back It is? Nah, my shit fucked up, Nigga. But your lower back, what you been doing with your lower back, Aren't you? Oh, I can't tell y'all nothing. Mayonnaise supposed to get that there. You supposed to have Oh my shoulder. I No nigga you lift wrong, you can fuck your lower back up. You didn't wear a five. You didn't wear a five. Oh man. Car accidents. So all that shit happened though.


Oh shit. But how do you even go find that out about yourself? Your Go to the doctor? Yes. That's how, that's how you, and then they'll Start to say for your back, for your lower back though. You start complaining about back pain enough. I never did. Wait, stop. Don't go. You don't complain. But let's stop right there. Got it. I've never complained about my lower back being in pain. What I'm saying You can take it. Oh shit. There you got the insane injury. Reverse mail guy. That was a nice reverse. It was. Oh, well played sir. Oh Man. But yeah, then they go send you off of, you know, mri, MRIs, all that shit. And they put it up. Oh yeah, you got a herniated disc.


Let me know if you need, I got a back guy. I got some Tylenol. So you're gonna send him to a bad guy? Oh Yeah. I mean from everything About the story. Everything about the story. Sound like that's what he needs An orthopedist. At some point today, I do want to see a picture of the, the black surgeon. Sure, I will. She's she's, she's a brilliant sister. That wasn't what was in question. That wasn't what was in question. I know I don at some point I just, he gonna show. No, no. Pull it up. I show her. I show her. That's gonna tell the whole story. That's the story told already. I know. But they like to come in here and give pros to black sisters. He's gonna receive some good care.


She is. That was Hate. It's not ca it's not hate. Actually it's not. It's just the opposite. A study came out that more, that people fare better when they have a female doctor or a female surgeon, especially a black one. They take Care of you. My girl male is sitting here with the ice packs specs glued to her shoulders. Because if I didn't, I wouldn't be able to look at your pretty face motherfucker. 'cause my neck was only about this much mobility about 20 minutes ago. How'd you hurt your neck? Your Back? That's Hate cervical. It's a herniated disc. No, But was it like an act car accident? It Well, yes. I I did have one where that's The origin of it.


Oh yeah. Oh, it's that you still getting pain From that? I mean, it no, it, it's gradual. Gotcha. Like, it, it probably started there like, well, minor. Okay, I I got Acupuncturist that should See that one. Please. He just snake out everybody. I mean, this is one way to look at it. Everything she's saying is true. There we go. What's also true is, my God, don't play about me. You, you one of them people. My God, every, every month I tell y'all, my god, don't play about me. It just so happens to be factual that Mel came in here and had a field day about niggas health.


Y'all. Oh shit. She was on cloud 10. And my god said a word. A word. A word. That's how you feel. Damn. Broke it up. That's how you do it. Watch this. Look at my girl. God damn. Yeah. The problem is, is that I probably keep exacerbating it because I won't leave the gym. That's, that's probably another reverse car. Oh yeah, that's Probably, it's Reverse Card Day. Yeah, It is. That's probably it's Reverse Card Day. And now that I've slept on it, I'm ready for Pilate class. Oh really? I'm ready. You've been doing some research or something? Listen, if the basketball clips sold like that Mel Melon, some Lululemon at the front.


Wait, I thought I had to wear a snowsuit. Nah, I thought we had to like, you know, never take the focus off of. Oh, okay. Hey. No, we're here for it. All right. Oh Yeah. I don't even think none of us gonna be in this clip. Right. This shit gonna fly. Oh man. All right. I'm having fun. I'm having a good time. I like it. Having a good time. We got, it's a beautiful weather. Beautiful weather out here. Yes, it's back. Yes It is. It is a beautiful day. No surprise. A few niggas have called out. Yeah, they they do it every time. Every time. They timid around 65 ish. Some emergencies.


Car trouble. Surgery. Surgery. All types of shit. Start going on. Alright. Alright. Mic check. Mic check. Mic check. Mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2. Hey. Feeling good? Feeling great. All brave due. Woke me up this morning. Thank God. Thank God. Shout to my Muslim brothers man. 5 55. Not soon enough. No, I know, I know. My brother's just going through it.


He popped his body, the sandwich in front of you. He popped his a double roast beef sandwich. So this is delicious. Your old Ramadan, right? Like damn. Oh my Lord. Oh wait for the ladies. Wait for the ladies. Whoa. Thank you. Thank you. 30, 40, 50 chapter.


Wherever you might be listening from. Of course. First last time listeners, all a listeners out. It's been a long time.


See you Haven't changed ya. It's good To see. Anyway. March moving like it got somewhere to be sure is out there. I ain't gonna hold you. It's gonna be cookout season real soon. Hey, shout the niggas that bring crab legs to the cookout. Word. Hey, All the sharing out there, all the high schoolers. Big Jersey. Big Jersey. Of course. Whole New York City to Carolinas. Hey, Shout to our brothers that couldn't be here today.


We love you in. Yes sir, no microphone. Check one, two, what Is this?


Let's keep this applause going. Hey, for the best crew in the world, mark is handing me a picture of this black surgeon in la Okay. Wonderful, wonderful black Surgeon. Wonderful woman, wonderful woman. And that's all I'll say. I Get these drops out the way Quick. What episode is this? 8 0 7. Mel And Mark.


Mark. Mark. Alright.


Welcome to episode 807 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by Powered by Fuel, by PrizePicks PrizePicks Gang year.


I'm your humble, grateful, gracious, and fully dressed host Joe Button here with some really amazing people. To my right. You already know her name. The beautiful, the intelligent Melyssa Ford is in the building. Dr. Mark Lamont Hill is in the building fresh off of a one V five. Right. I seen that one V five one Pierce. Is that old? No, that's new. I hate them motherfuckers Man. I seen you on Pierce. That's where you go to get your shit off. They tried to jump my man. Exactly man. For real. Every time they tried to jump every fucking time, man. What was the subject? It is always something to do with race. They always make, they always ask me a race question, then I answer the race question. They go, why you bringing up race? And then they all jump over me every fucking time. You smoke that shit though. Oh I was, I was killing Em.


Nah, you go over there and eat. I ain't gonna hold you. Yeah. Was fun. You do Big freeze The Freezes of them all. Huh, Mr. Take it further. Him himself. Let's do, that's the nickname right there. Big Guys. Big Parks in the building. Yep. Fucking pose here. Cory's here. My dad is here. Ericsson is here. Ian and Ke might still be here. Avon and Tanner are here by remote last but certainly not least each and every one of you guys are here. What's Pop's? Pop's popping. No. What's good shit, shout. Our brothers flipping is here with us in spirit for sure. Zero. Yeah. Flip had a an emergency fresh off of the room. Yeah, fresh off of the room over the weekend.


Oh, I watched some of that and I just got paid. Emergency. Yeah. The funds hit. Yeah. Yeah. Shout out to my brothers. Shout out to my brothers. How y'all Feeling? Good. I'm Feeling good man. Feel excellent man. This weather make me feel better. Absolutely. Even inside I don't even care. It's just nice. And the time change, like normally I don't be liking that shit. Yeah, I'm, I'm cool with it man. It's a little rough. Yeah man. This shit was all right This time and time changes fucking me up. Really? Yeah. It's fucking me up a little bit. But I'm happy that it's here. Yes and yes. Yes. Yeah. We lost an hour so I keep waking up earlier Word. So my four 30 is three 30. Oh. I'll wake up later. So now I'm up at three 30 in the morning sitting there looking stupid, watching old movies.


I did watch The Social Network again. What a great movie. I saw you tweet out. Like, it's amazing. Are you watching the social network at like 6:00 AM It's very different watching it now. Yeah. Three 30 in the morning. I said, you know what I've been mean to seeing again the social network. That's An interesting choice. It's, it's one of those movies that I interpret differently as an adult. Like an adult. Adult like in my forties. Well we've kinda seen the shit play out inside. Yeah. Yeah. Justin Timberlake. What a sack of shit in the social network. But anyway, we won't talk about that. So Yeah, I'm just waking up earlier and earlier. Well I'm if, if anybody fasting that extra hour is not the best.


It is not your friend. I Saw you say that. Yeah, Because It is been 5 58 to break fast now it's 6 58. That's that hour's crucial. Yeah. The hour on though. Nah, 'cause they not you sleep Though. You, you get on the other end. You get the, the the back on the other end if you wake up to eat. 'cause you get to sleep an extra hour before that. But I don't, I I usually go to bed at like, like you, I'm up all night and then I miss breakfast and then I'm going till six o'clock and now I'm going to seven o'clock. So for me, I don't, I don't get the advantage of the other side of it. I ain't gonna say I'm up all night now I'm in bed. That's true. I I hit that bed around seven o'clock. That's the fire shit boy. Just being in bed when I used to live with Cory and he was old and I was young and hot. Fuck. And Cory just used to stay in the room and never leave for like months at a time.


I used to be hitting the streets. I used to look up to him and be like, how the fuck does he do that shit now? Now you get it. Yeah. Shit. She Like, all right nigga. What? That's the goal. I really only need a room. They lucky this say the nineties when rent in a room was still fashionably cool. I would, I would get a room and if you caught the room that didn't have the shared bathroom. What? Ooh, shout to 95. I room saved my life when I was running away from home. Oh hell Yeah. 50 a week. Yeah. Yeah. You shit me anyway. What are we talking about?


Let's fight about shit. Alright. Yo, I'm telling y'all now I'm not taking none of this news serious. I don't feel like there's that much serious No. Some of this shit is a little serious. Every Single day there's some kind of catastrophic event happening or you know, Trump signs another fucking, you know, I don a piece of paper, toilet paper. It's fucked up Shit. I'm blocking some of that shit up. Yeah, Yeah. I start reading a lot of shit, shit For me, what made me nervous was hearing that JD was coming for y'all. Mm. I heard he went the fuck y'all up. Oh yeah. Let's, let's get right to it. Jermaine Dupri is on ice and Melyssa Ford's ass. That's who as on. Yeah. Ooh, he right on your H seven. Was it eight?


Yeah. LLL two. Yeah. L three. What what hurts? H seven. Jermaine Dupri has replied to all of their responses to his independent tweet and he made a video. In that video he highlights the Joe Button podcast and how we framed his question to make it appear like he was comparing Indie versus major and that wasn't his goal at all. Well we didn't frame that. Yeah. You feel like he did that all on his own? I think we Just read the tweet and Yeah. Yeah. That's how you tweeted that. Why would y'all, what's the benefit of being independent basically is what he asked.


I'm not framing anything. Well, well lemme let y'all 'cause y'all the ones with the smoke. Nah, I ain't got No smoke. He on y'all ass. He not on, that's not the, he not on my ass. But go ahead, finish. You can finish. I was gonna say, I haven't actually heard what he's had to say. So he, we have a little bit to play. I I'm more than he Like a six, excuse me, six, seven minute clip up. Oh Christ. Okay. And majority of it was just him explaining, basically saying, I understand what independent is because I've done X, Y, Z. So he broke down how he found Don Andrea, how he, you know, everything her, her album was all independent, all funded by him.


No, no outside backing, nothing like that. He addressed people saying how he quote unquote fumbled having lotto because she, she started on the rap game show and he was saying the winner of that show, you got a chain you got for him to produce a song. We don't care about all that shit. He's saying his point was, yeah, That's a sick prize by the way, Who is the winner anyways? Do we know who they are? Right. Did we talk about that Jay Jane? No, this is years ago. No, I'm saying Lotto is where she is and where is the winner of that show? It is the worst gift anyways. We don't keep going. We don't, that's that's not what the point, the point, His point was what is special about being independent?


I don't think that it was Some of the things that people were naming freedom and having your rights and so forth and so on. He was saying I have got that and I know people that have those same things or majors on majors. So what is specific specifically special about being an independent? Everybody don't Get that on the major. I just, I was about to say like he again, he still sounds like he's speaking from a privileged standpoint. Oh you want to smoke? It's not smoke though. It's like, it's literally just like addressing, you know, commentary that's going back and forth. Like I don't have anything personal against the guy. But the fact of the matter is, is that it still sounds like he's speaking from a privileged position.


'cause like Parks just said, it's not, just because you're on a major doesn't guarantee that you're going to have all of that. And it just seems like you're Trying to get part of tomorrow. Let her go, let her go. Come on, come on. Let her go. Somebody gotta break up your your, your stretch. I see you girl. No, I'm coming for it soon as you Stop. No, because that's No, no, no, no. I'm talking shit. Go ahead. Okay. No, it just, it just seems like, like I said, he's speaking from a privileged position and like I said as well, that it might be an antiquated thought process. I just don't like the fact that he even, even mentioning, I know people or majors that got their, their masters and all that.


They had to negotiate that probably down the line. You not getting signed today. Well unless you scorching hot, you might could, you might could leverage some of that today. Right. But that's again a small, those who are scorching hot kind of realize, hey I got here. He, It sounds like he's referring to outliers, you know what I'm saying? So it's, it's the exception to the rule. And so it's, it's kind of like, you know, when they use the success of a black person to say, see racism doesn't exist. You know, there's opportunity is is bountiful know the fuck. It's not. You know what I'm saying? Like that's, it seems like he's making, you know, kind of trying to create that kind of argument and it still falls a little flat to me.


Do you think that he's got it wrong or do you think he's carrying the water for the majors? That's what it, the latter. It sounds like. I mean, according to him, all he was doing was asking a question and we should never make it so in hip hop that somebody is unable to ask A question. But, but here's the, here's the problem with that. That's what he said. I, I hear that. And if he weren't Jermaine Dupri, it would be like me saying on Twitter, what's the point of black History Month? I could just be asking a question. But you would expect that I would know the answer to that based on who I am and where I am in the world after 40 years in the is Black History month, February or April? Both. It's all year round. It's All year round. So we get Two, we just get February. We just get February. We used to get a week now we get 'em all now.


But We Don't really get shit anymore according to Trump. But if it's April. Alright, So It is like when Jermaine Dupri says, what's the difference? It's hard to take it as a earnest question when he's an industry veteran, a legend, somebody who knows the business inside and out. It's hard for me to believe that he needs to ask that question to Twitter. And that's why I keep saying it's an antiquated thought process because it's Like a meek tweet. No comment. But I'll say this, if, if you heard me say what's the point of black history month, you would, you would interpret it as me saying something's wrong with it because it's me asking as opposed to a 12-year-old asking. Yeah, you're more informed. Right. So you would assume, if I'm asking, I'm asking it with a, with a point of view already. If Jermaine Dupri is saying, what's the difference between a major and an independent when you spent your whole life in the music business since you were this big, literally I gotta assume you have an opinion on it that you're trying to communicate through that Question.


And the way he worded it, it almost sounded like he was, I'm not putting words in your mouth, pause. I don't want you to have no smoke over here. It almost seemed like you were looking down at the people that wanted to be independence. That was a logical way to perceive what he said. It's like, yo, y'all want a lot of, y'all want the same thing that you that you would, you would want being on a major. Okay. Guess who's not getting a Jerma Dre It, It is not a rapper And Male and All. I don't want it. It's You and male but You put a, but you've put a tweet like that out into the ether. Not everybody's going to agree with you. It's going to create discourse and it's going to create conversation. I Thought the tweet was engaged with firm to begin with.


I just, And You said that I Was getting ready to say and people know that. Yeah. What you just said. You know if I put a tweet out what it's going to do. Yeah. Like I know I could create a conversation even if it's just boredom or whatever. I know I could create a conversation off this. Right. So All of that's true. But Tamels earlier point, it really could just be him speaking from his privilege like we've already stated. Yeah. And that's not to say that he's never worked independent projects. Nope. Never worked with independent artists. I'm clear who Jermaine Dupri is for sure. But his story is not everyone's story. It's not most of our story. It's certainly was not my story and my experience in dealing with major labels.


Like and I think there's more of me than there are of him For sure. Agreed. Agreed. So when you start putting options in front of people face and they start to go get educated about what they are willing to deal with when independents are trying to figure out how they can maximize their audience. Yeah. Some of the things you hear independently sound a lot more favorable to the artist than the typical 'cause I'm a dinosaur now too. Typical major label experience. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie too, my experience being basically B2B business to business in music, I'm still waiting. I'm mad checks from major labels from months.


Wow. Some cases years independence. It might be less money but I get paid before The shit comes out. And that's why I also said, I think part of his tweet I could see if he spoke, let's say he spoke to five artists that he was just trying to work with or something. Right. Yo, what you want, you know, what type of situation you looking for? And they all speaking, nah, I want, I wanna be independent, I don't want X, Y and z. I could see him down taking that question to say, yo, why all y'all want be independent? Like I, when we first addressed it, I said it sounds like it might have a little bit of frustration in It is I can't get no artist that I'm trying to sign because all y'all wanna be independent now everybody, a lot of people woke up, they're not falling for that music industry gaffled no more.


Some still are but a lot of people got this information out here realizing, hey I'm not gonna sign a bad deal. I'll wait. Well that's what was interesting to me. He said I know people who have gotten this deal. He didn't say I signed people to that kind of deal. Like on Soso was he giving people them the independent label kind of deals at Soso def? Was he doing that Independent label? What I'm saying is he saying there are majors that get all the, all the, all the good stuff that independents get. You can get it on a major. And I'm saying well he had a label. Right? True. He didn't say I'm giving those deals out. 'cause then that would make sense to me. Like, why y'all going over there? I can get you outta here. He said, I know people who got that. Mm. So it doesn't sound like he's giving them out either. Oh yeah. Here, no beat For you Neither.


Fuck. Damn. Yep. Sorry there was my rap career. Darn it. Missed the chance Funify Remix used It as a bed underneath your Yeah. Right night school shit. Right. If you guys want to hear what Jermaine Dupri had to say about it, you can go on YouTube there, there are entire clips of him explaining his thought process. I don't want to just one side this thing. Yeah, please by all means. Go check out what he had to say about it. But yeah, I'm outta that. I might need a be one day. Sorry. That's That's that's my man man. But I love Dine d Jermaine Dupri. That's My game. Yeah. I mean like nobody's disputing his legendary status in a game. Never. It's just, you know, sometimes Feels like y'all Not even a little bit, not even a little Shit.


Not at all. Not even a little, little fucking shit Disturber When you disagree with something sad Man. That's it. People Disagree with me all goddamn dates. Yeah, No, no, no. I'm talking shit. That's It bro. Joking. Get some shit started. No, no, no, no. I'm telling, I'm telling I'm Chilling. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not, I'm not. Shout to Jermaine debris. Come on. What else can we fight about? Let's not recap somebody doing a recap of our recap of what they said. Facts. Come on. What can we fight about? Let's fight about Doshi. I was just gonna raise of the show, show friend of the show Friend of the show. I Love Doci. I mean, I don't know now. Oh shit. I stand with Doci first. I still, I have to acknowledge she was in Paris Fashion Week.


Holy shit. Whoever her team is. She won. She won. She won. She won. She won. Hands down. She was that girl at Paris Fashion Week. Just had to say that time. Did you see Ice Spice leaving the OFFWHITE event? No. Why? Why did she leave? No, it was over. It was over. She was leaving the event draped in some offwhite shit. Al you didn't see it. So how could you say who won That would kind of speak to it? Because She didn't see, because I didn't see it because, because everybody was posting Doce. 'cause she won Paris Fashion Week. She looked great. Amazing Ice Spike it.


Oh that was the joke. Got it. You never gonna get an Ice Spice feature. That's true. Damn Fuck. I Know you are looking forward to that Yo Joe button feature and ice fighting. That's another reverse card. I wanna just point that out. But go ahead. Back to Doshi. So she was doing, it was like a Hot Ones Challenge. Hot ones. Yep. Yeah. And she was asked, she Did Hot Ones without Sean. Yeah, they've been doing that lately though. I'm not mad at it. That was, that was Ms. Malone. Shout out to Ms. Malone. They Did it with SSA in them for And Kiki for that movie.


The same format. The same format. Okay. Got it. Put you with somebody that you are. Yeah. Yeah. Got it, got it. Alright. So she did Hot Ones without Sean. Her and Miss Milan Shout to Miss Milan friend of the show and she was asked a question about what her, what would, what would her red flag be? And she wrote it answer down and she said if the guy says he's a straight man, that's a red flag. And everybody was just up in arms agenda and intact and It's exhausting. It. It was So what do y'all, what do y'all gotta say about it? I stand with Doche on that, You know what I mean?


Not in the sense that I think straight. You Don't like straight men either. Not my thing. Yeah. Not my thing. No, it It is. She's, she's entitled to have a flag for herself. Sure. And I felt like if she said like, fuck all straight men, that's different. Right. I felt like she was saying this is a red flag for me. And based on her experiences also she's dated guys who are bi. Yeah. Yeah. That's, she's got a type and From what I understand, she herself is pretty sexually fluid. Yeah. So if that's, if that's your bag and those type of guys you want as well, then yeah. That might be a flag for her. What Was some of the criticism? Alright, I just wanna say if you guys continue down this route, I'm gonna be against Doshi.


Go ahead. I'm on Doshi side. If y'all, if y'all continue to be so adamant in your, You got a one V four coming up. I think I'm on Doshi side too. I'm I'm definitely on side. I'm down. We All with Doce. I gotta do it now, then I gotta do it. I gotta do it. The criticisms, Mel and, and I had some like private conversations about it. It was the, the, the choosing of the word red flag. Okay. And a lot of people feel like red flag doesn't Necessarily, women don't know what red flag means. Yes. That's really what it boil down to. That's the criticism. That is a broad statement. That's what a okay. No, no. That's what a lot of the criticism came from because people were saying red flag means danger. So you're saying straight men are a danger. This is, that's Red flag means.


Well I don don't think it does either. Yeah. That wouldn't necessarily say A red flag is like a is like a just a sign that something is is is concerning. It doesn't to be danger warning. Like For, oh knock, hold on. Fuck. No. No. Like, like, like if you, like if you go to a job interview, you show up an hour late. That's a red flag. Look the definition 'cause I I I had this conversation and I was with you. A red flag is used as a warning of danger. Yes. But not physical danger is what I'm saying. For example, Danger, it didn't say Physical Right. But of Some danger. So back to my point. This is a Remix not to bring it up again of that stupid fucking bear question. It is, It is, It is. It kind of is. This is a Remix of that one. If Doci is fluid, which she is, to my knowledge, she don't date straight men.


So if you're asking somebody what is a red flag in the people that you date and you respond with people that you don't date, then what is the point of that other than to be divisive and to offend because you try or or to, or to warrant some type of attention. And This is where, this is where I took her side. I just think it was misinterpreted. I think she didn't, I think she treated red flag is what is something you See that makes you say, oh nah I'm good. Yeah, Exactly. That's how people Red and that's more the red. So to her, so, so let's say doce like to do some things with her dude that a straight man might not be okay with. Like use your imagination.


I don I Don you do it. But we don't even have to do that. She, she allegedly. 'cause I can't speak to no nobody. Sex business don't date straight men. Cool. What I'm saying is She might have even said that up here. I feel like she did, but I could be wrong. Yeah, she did. So something like that. So then what the fuck is she talking about straight men for? Because If she is, which is fucked. If she's on a date with a guy, hold On, let, let me land first. Which is fucked up because you know, mark and people speak a lot about representation and how it's important to be represented in certain spaces. So when we have Doce up here and when we see Doce getting these awards and when we see her winning, like straight black men feel represented also.


Like it still could can they can identify with that. That's fine. We still could feel Represented. So there, so there's really no point in yo whoever is carrying a baton for you let 'em carry the baton. So You say she's, you said She's, whether they, whether they fucking Asian, whether they gay, whether they transgender. It is no reason to pinpoint anybody who not only you're representing but who's carrying the baton for you. So you feel like and say red flag danger. So you feel Like her, you feel like that was her alienating a certain portion of her fan base just by saying something like that. I mean Not, I think it's blown out proportion though. I absolutely agree. I think Doshi was just literally saying, I think she was being performing and she's on the first with a guy and and the guy says, or she just meets a guy, get a guy number or something and y'all get to talking and he, he, he lets her know he's a straight man.


I'm good. I also think good show, that show is a especially and I don't think there's nothing wrong with that. I think it's a little, she like think That's why I'm saying it's, I think there's a lot of, I think there's a lot of performance Y'all pulling out and a little every excuse nor did she don't know what red flag mean. She's joking. And what's the other one y'all said? No, See I'm, I'm saying I do think she know a red flag. Me. I think she's using the way most people use it. I think that, I think that she has a type and I think it's okay to say that when I meet somebody who's not that thing, I'm good. That's a, that's a flag for me. For example, if she, but that's, But wait, that's exactly where, where we're having the, the, the disagreement here, right? If somebody asks me, Hey, what's the red flag for, for you and your dating?


And I say, gay women, I get you here. Here's then, then I can't act fucking, I can't act surprised when the gay women say, wait, Wait, wait, wait. No, but But here's the difference. Wouldn't that be a red flag For you? What'd you say? Wouldn't be wouldn't red flag for you. It wouldn't be a red flag if because she doesn't like men. Well, But that's not the point. I get what he's saying. He's saying obviously if, if you, if this, if this whole sort is something you don't deal with, then saying that there are red flags, just alienates them. 'cause that's not your type I I I mean that's not your thing. I I hear that. What I'm saying is I don't operate from the, from the premise that she doesn't date any straight men. I think based on all the interviews I've seen, she dates men and she does not have a problem dating bisexual men.


And I think that there's a certain thing she wants in men what emotionally, physically, sexually, whatever, that she tends to find in men who are not straight. And so the red flag for her comes when she meets the dude who's straight. I would, I would like somebody who's potentially the, the, the the female rapper that's gonna fucking carry the next however many years with all the success. And she's extremely talented. Yeah. To not be on some, hey, let's divide the people and straight man of the red flag and yada yada for her. I do not think that that, I do not think I don that she I'm not saying that and I'm I'm But that is how you, that is how it Came off. Okay. So Joe, Joe, Joe if you like threesomes all the time, all you wanted was threesomes, right? Whoever you with, they gotta be down with threesomes. Right?


And somebody said, what's a red red flag for you? And you said, and they said a straight girl. Would that be, would that be alienating straight women? You want a girl who's who, who's bisexual Who with the shits? Yeah. It's no different. It's The same thing. It's the same Thing. Oh. I don't see it that way at All. All we did was switch to gender. I don't see it that way at all. Then that's all you gotta do sometimes for it to not Yeah, exactly. To shit. For it to just suddenly Reverse. I don't see it that way at all. And again, I'm not making a big deal out this, but it became a big deal because Yeah, that's 'cause the people, it became a big deal because the people that did not fit her type preference, whatever you wanna call it, were the ones offended age old Twitter.


And that's always what happens. Yeah. You could sit there and say, I don't, A woman could say I don't like short men. You know, who gonna get mad? Short men Even if they don't like her. Right. Even If they don't give a, even if they were never checking for her, they're mad because they're, they're they're alienated outta something they never wanted. She seems to get a particular rise outta people on Twitter too for some reason. Because, Well a lot of it ties back to who she's with The label, the TD part. Okay. Gotcha. So there's that going on. And then there's, you know, people can't understand and I'm, I'm tired of the whole industry plant thing. Yo do's been working for years. Yeah. Facts. Like an industry plant is somebody that popped up yesterday that nobody knew who they were and they're getting every look in the world and like she's been working. Fuck, don't make me be on the other side of this one Too.


Don't Be on the other side of it. And then Raquel and then at the same time I am quick to offer somebody grace when they are have newly been thrust into like the upper echelon of fame. You know what I'm saying? Like you're not always going to have, you know, to say the right thing thing. You're not a fucking fucking robot. You know what I'm saying? So you're gonna say something and you're being cheeky and facetious and then all of a sudden the Internet's coming after you and you're like, wait, hold on one second here. I just like a lot of butt play with, you know, in my sex life and straight guys tend not to fucking like that. That's why it's a red flag for me. 'cause I really like butt play. I Also imagine as bisexuals being with other bisexuals is probably a little easier 'cause you can understand each other's Shit that that's exa I think that that was what she was leading to and this was just like a really a shortcut in terms of explaining that that is her preference.


Because like you said, It is a playful show and she didn't want to get into all the specifics about, but butt play. Well that's Not true because Miss Milan said, oh, I was gonna say men for you. So it ain't just they both sitting here jokey, jokey. It is a playful show. It is. No, me and my fucking bestie are like-minded when it comes to this area at least. And 'cause Miss Milan was supposed to guess for her. So, so yeah, my best friend knows where I stand on this and I would've loved to Have Heard the actual answer to the question, Hey, what is a red Flag in the people that you date? That was the first thing I asked her when she came here. Hey, that verse on, on the album where you were dating the, the bisexual dude and then you went through his phone and saw that he thought he was down.


That's intriguing. It is. You don't need to insert straight, straight guys in this. Just be intriguing. But there is a thing, there is a thing. I'm not jumping on it 'cause it's gonna make me seem like one of 'em niggas that I'm not. But there is a thing of straight men feeling like there's the erasure of them from television and from yada yada yada. That is the thing. It's a thing. It is not a Joe button thing. Yeah. It's a, it's a thing Dan. I'm not saying that I'm enforcing that because, Because it's crazy. But I mean, part of communication is knowing how you come off. Sure. That that that's true. Part of communication is knowing how you come off. I'm just saying that's it. Straight mail. I end with that.


Fair enough. I'll Leave it there. Yeah. I end with that. The old preference argument. That's it really, really gets people hot. That's It. That's it. See I'm not looking at it like a preference argument. Maybe that's my problem. That's all I saw with this. Yeah. Preference. Yeah. They don't argue with nobody about their preferences. Yes. She, I think That's all she was saying. Yes, she can, they do it every single day. That's called podcasting. But, But how you but how you handle things that fall outside of your preferences says something True. You can have a preference is this is what I learned. Y'all, y'all all know me. Mm. Y'all getting, you know, but they know me. Y'all know I have a preference and what I've learned and it took me years to grasp it fully, but pause to you can have your preference.


You don't have to put down what's not your preference in order to have your preference. That's it. That's it. That's it. And I don't think she, I don that's, she was doing exactly. I don't think that's what she was doing. And I Guess that's the part that's open for interpretation. Yes. Yeah. There we go. Yes. Alright. That wasn't the worst doci argument. Fuck. I feel like I failed then. And shout out to Doci. She was just what? Billboards Woman of the year. The year Word. Absolutely. That's the part that makes people feel a little plan. I Why? Just to clear Why she had a fucking incredible year. Yeah. It was a fucking incredible Year. I don't think people understand the difference between like worked hard and now we're getting breaking through reaping The benefits of your hard Work.


But we're literally seeing videos of her four years ago manifesting the success that she has right now sitting in her room. Like, you know what I'm saying? Just hoping against hope that this pans out for her. You think she's playing Joe? I think yeah. I think it's a trap. It's not a trap. Absolutely a trap. It's a trap. It is a trap. It is a trap. And I can't fall in a trap. 'cause like I said, I see her and it still represents me. I'm a black man. So why would you want to eat, even if you felt like that, why would you wanna say that? I'm not, that's not how I move. And I don't think she's a plant.


But to the people that think she's a plant, it's very easy to see why they think she's a plant. They don't feel as though I'm not speaking, I'm speaking for 'em. They don't feel as though what's happening with her has much to do with the impact from her album. That's it. I think That's a Mistake. They don't, they don't feel like the music is the thing that's making all of these, all of these looks and looks and awards and the accolades. I ain't gonna lie, my mom sent me a clip last night of, oh no, she sent me a clip of Lauryn Hill at Roberta Flacks funeral killed that.


But I think before that it was a picture of Doce doing op Yeah. With Lauren Hill. And I don't think she's a plant and said to myself, oh, that's exactly what I wanted to see Doce doing Op with Lauryn Hill. Like, come on y'all like, come on. I think that's just, I think, I think that's Lauren blessing her Good. Very much so. Good. I'm only talking about how things appear Mark. No, I'm With you. She Done that. Has she done that to anybody else? Lauren, Nicki kind of bowed before her and, and you know, gave her her love and praise and she showed love back. This is the first time I've seen her sort of outreach to woman rapper. Yeah. That's what I'm, has she done that? Yeah. Maybe it's the first time she thinks somebody should take the torch.


Or maybe Lauren's like, all right, it's probably time for me to pass the torch since this second album come. Got it. You know, I I I could respect that. I don't know. I, I feel like in every industry I've ever been in or seen when someone is successful, one, it's always from a grind that people didn't see and then the people who didn't get it then say that person's a plan. I remember when Tyne Hasi Coates became a big star, or Melyssa Harris Perry on tv. Cornell West was like, they're a liberal plant. Right. I'm not even joking. Right. And when I was an activist in movements, whenever somebody got too close to the leader, they're an agent. Right. It's like at every movement, every organization when people don't succeed. So everybody looking around says they must have got there 'cause they cheated.


They're they're secret mason. They're part of a secret. And we do that with everything. We think anybody who's successful or not us. Illuminati. Illuminati. That's what I'm trying to say. Yeah. Thank you. Every everybody got there the wrong way. Hate. Yeah. It is just hate really. It is hate everybody got there the wrong way except You. Right. Because you ain't get there yet. Exactly. That's why. Yeah. Well and there's people that believe in the music industry button. Right? Well I I think we all, I believe in the That's true too. Yeah. But I also think that you have to work, the plants don't have to work to get them to push the button. That's a fact. They're chosen and the button is pushed. I think those who worked and worked and worked and Then the button can make things look plan.


Yeah. But that's if you don't pay attention if you didn't see anything beforehand. So I, I'm not mad at nobody that says do cheese's a plant because they might not have seen the previous work. But that's where people can come in and inform you. No, this girl's been working. Yeah. And you see the, This ain't her first mix tape. This ain't her first. None of this. And you see the, she's been grinding And you see the culmination of all of that hard work o specifically over the course of this last year. Like her tiny desk, that was one of the best of 20, 24. She killed shit fire. Like that shit was fire. Her performance of the Grammys, her winning best rap album. Like all of this is just, it's part and parcel with all of the work that she has put in. You don't just get to that level of talent just by fucking accident it's Home.


See that don't really be a, oh my God, y'all. Oh man. Where's flip Joe? Help me understand Because I don't want to take, I'm not taking the other side in all of this. However, we still talk in music industry, in the music industry, the hard work is never hard. Work is not what culminates the stardom. No. Right. That's like your number one. It's Great that you, it's a combination talent. That's awesome. That's like the bars in hell. Alright. Hard, hard work. But there's millions and millions. And It is back to me telling Jermaine Dupri there's more of me than It is of him.


There's a millions of people that worked hard for sure. And are talented that fall into the black Hole. That's a fact. Correct. So It's a rare meeting where works hard and very talented comes together. Mm. Yeah. You're saying what I'm saying? I think, Oh, okay. Carry on. Yeah. I'm I'm saying niggas that work hard and have all the talent in the world fall by the wayside and you don't hear, He said no, everybody That worked hard don't have all that talent. He said that black holes filled people who didn't do both. You could Just be a hard worker, screwed, be not talented And know there's a third leg of sticking with it. And tho the intersection of those three things is Rare.


But I feel like the hip hop underground is filled with people who work they ass off grind, got a lot of talent and never make it big. And they do that shit for 30 years. Define make it big. They never get out of working Joe's Pub. No disrespect to Joe's Pub, but I'm saying if your goal is to be, you know, major label filling stages, you never get to ma. You know what I mean? That's their grind. Like I think there's a lot of people, like Joe said, who are super talented and work really hard and stick to it. I mean it how many musicians we know. Always, always playing local, local spots never blow up bands never make, I mean I person, this goes Back to the independent, this goes back to the JD conversation to some degree. 'cause some people choose to do that, Don't want That shit. And not just that, some people just never were, they didn't get the right visibility. They weren't seen by the right person. That's What I'm Time a plant though.


You get what I'm saying? Right. You could be working hard, working hard, working hard. And then the CEO of such and such just happened to be having lunch at the spot where you playing a guitar? Oh shit, this dude is ill, he's a beast. And that meeting changes your life. Well, can Y'all explain something? Me, who is an example of a plant? 'cause maybe then maybe I don't have, what's a clear un indis indisputable example of a plant? See, because then I Could compare it. Your names. Yeah. Like who would be, who would we say is a plant? I say Lil Nas X is a plant. Okay, what I Say what's, what's million dollar baby dude, Tommy Ri Richard Richmond. What makes it, When I say those people that are just, you literally popped up overnight with a, with a hit.


And that's not because Number one, you don't get number, you don't get to top of the charts without backing from, from somewhere. Okay. You're not gonna just, that's back to the hard work and talent thing. That's not getting you number one. So It is Justin Bieber playing? No, he was, I mean, because I'm like, if somebody's an internet sensation and then the label says, you know what, this dude just got 50 million prodigy. You know what I mean? They got all the stuff I'm gonna, well, Internet sensation doesn't speak to talent, But that's what I'm saying. So, so the lil Nas X piece of It is, is he a plant or is he somebody who they said, look, he can create an audience. Let's, let's escalate him to the top. That's what a plant would be though. Then, then Where's the hard work? Where's the, where's the grind?


Got you. So if you make it to the top too fast, you're a plant. If I don't see the hard work, if I don't see the grind that you've been actively, okay. You know, if, if you drop a record today and, and it goes viral or whatever, I'm not bad at that. Like, Angelo ball's not a plant to you. No, he's not a player. But he got, he got, he Got, he got, he got a viral hit And then he got a, a big deal. That's what I'm saying. But where's the grind? Where, Where's do you see him at on the cover of, do you see him on the award shows? Do you see him at what top of the charts? You don't see those things. Got you. Even I mean it's, It is kind of, That's where I said that's why said Just try to make some shit look like it's happening organically and it's not Okay. That, that, that, okay. Viral The the, the bald brother, brother that we talking about here had had a song independently that made noise for two weeks and then the labels got involved and you could see their push.


That one's also a little different 'cause he had a audience, he had his name. So it's a little Easier. The name of the Audience had a name they was gonna check with anyway. I'm not giving you my plant list because all hell would break loose. I was trying try that. That was nice. What he did. Lil Nas X and Yeah, the Safe ones. Yeah, I safe. I ain't jump out the window. It's some other ones. It is being messy. Oh no, it's some other ones. Absolutely It is. What did they rhyme with? Nope. I'm, you got, you'd got me three years ago. I, Fair Enough. I tried Because the problem, and I'm cool with some of the niggas that's be signing plants, so even if you don't fuck with the plant, It is like, eh, my man.


Fuck that boss is my man. Man, go ahead. Go ahead and get your shit off. Goddammit. It is Christina Aguilar Latin. She's, I think so. I think she has half. Yeah, I think maybe her dad or something like that is, I ain't know. Poto was a white girl. Poto. Yeah, Poto. That was it. That was my only question. That was hella random. Extremely random. What? What inspired that? Something I saw on the internet. It was one of the old videos and they was like, why didn't we, why didn't we call her out for appropriating back in the day? And in the conversation was like, she's Latin. I was like, wait, she is.


I don't fucking know what Christina, Her father is Ecuadorian. Ecuadorian. There we go. There you Go. Oh, that's one of those. Oh, she was the first one to grow up in the house without her dad and then use his equity in the music business. That's the thing. Now I've never seen dads get so much love like they getting now. Oh shit. Hey my dad, my dad, my dad was mixed And he was mixed race and he was Advocated. He was my dad. Holy shit. They gotta stop that shit. And to answer that person's question, 'cause nobody gave a fuck about appropriation back then, unfortunately. That's some new shit. That's true. That's the absolutely true. That's shit Gwen Stefani walking around with like, Bro, nobody cared. Are are you dope? Can you sing? Can you rap, can you, whatever. Alright. That's all we cared about back then. Them Gwen Stefani days.


Bring him back Man. Gwen still looks good too. I love Yeah. I'm Gwen Stefani. Nelly Fudo, all that Nelly Fitro went crazy, right? Huh? I ain't heard from her. I don I don Know what happened. She's still performing. Is she including, She's still performing. Did she go crazy? No, she had a child. She went through, why Are you not answering my question purposely? She did not go, She went Since she was public about, about the postpartum that she experienced after childbirth and also she has, you know, had some insecurities with her physical appearance as a result. And so the Answer She did not do Nelly Vido is the one that went crazy a little bit.


Not she had a mental Breakdown on stage. She had a nervous breakdown. Yeah. I'm just basing this off some fucking reels to her. I'd seen where she was. She was acting like Tory Lane's dad. The fuck I seen her, I seen them reels because I wrote down in my notes one day, Hey, why won't nobody tell Nelly Vido to shut the fuck up? I think she was going through postpartum note. Thank you. She was, she was on the Road's Women's history month. She Was in the road in oh seven. It is. Yeah. Yes It Is. March, yes. That that's when It is. Every March For 30 years they didn't give a fuck. Hey. But the woman month right behind the niggas.


Hey, let's get both them groups of fuck out out the way early Before the weather bring, we Can enjoy the spring. Alright, y'all are horrible. I hope she's doing Better. I hope she's doing better. Yeah, I hope she's doing good work. She had some slaps. She did. Okay, I don. Alright, so I don remember that many. We'll go. Can I ask y'all the boat question? Can I ask the boat question? Sure. Again. So the internet last week was All Internetting internetting for sure. And people were outraged because people asked the boat question. The question was, if you are in a boat with your husband, wife, significant other, and your child a baby, How old were they specific about it being a baby?


Like newborn baby or like what the Old, I think what I saw was 10 months, but I I oh fuck. But I'm not, go ahead. But I, I'll double check that. But let's just assume for now It is 10 month old baby and you can only save one. Who do you save? Now the question itself got people going, but what got people really going was this woman in particular who made a video saying we can make another baby. I chose that man. He's the head of my household. He is my king. Oh, I Saw this, I saw this. I'm Choosing him. We'll just make another baby queen. And people said She got biblical On it too, I think. Yeah. Oh, she got real biblical on it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She hit some thou shout dots and the next thing I know The tid. Wait, was she black tsunami?


Of Course she was. She was black. Yeah. Got it. Yeah. And so people were like, how dare you? Well what's the Average? How you gonna let your baby drown for this   Alright, well y'all am first. I don't have no kids. Same. We're out of this 10 months though. I don't even really know the baby like that in two months, 10 months. I think my daughter might have had it. Was she walking? Like What? What if her answer was two? What if it was two? What if it was right now that's different. Oh, no, no, no. Right now It is different. Sorry. You girl gotta go. Yeah, She gotta go. Sorry baby. I love you. Why you can't say both?


Supposed to say I'll leave and then they survive. Actually I was thinking like, I really can't swear. I mean, I just have to go for myself just to be extra Sick. I'm Bringing nobody, I'm bringing this life jacket. No, I don't think there's a wrong answer. I don't think there's a wrong answer. It would be hard for me to look, look at an innocent child and and leave them though. I feel like the niggas Do it every day. That's shit. Yeah, but they leave me in the crib. I was about to say, why, why you, why you looking back? That's the trick for sure. I'll be Right back. Don't look at me in the eyes. The fuck. Oh shit. I don't see me leaving.


No baby. I love my wife. I probably would take the, I would take the baby. I feel like I could. Yeah, I mean you, you can, you can't make another person. So whoever, you can't replace either of 'em. But I, I'll probably take the baby. Yes You can. You can't make, you can make another baby. No. I mean you Can't make that person just like you. You like, You might make a better person. You don't even know man. Man, you seen the dating scene and if the baby's ill like that, it'll find a way. Make through the Stronger Michael Phelps would've made it happen. Baby. Yeah, baby. I Baby. Yeah. Yeah. The baby be all Right. I think an adult had a better chance of swimming in a 10 month old, right? No, No. Y'all niggas crazy. No, you throw a baby in the water.


They, they just naturally just like, kind of like rotate their body and Back. Just throw this last week. Yeah, it was die was somebody threw up, he was Like five or something. Come on babies. Yeah, babies can swim And we go find out. So Joe, I'm hearing you say A 10 month old. Yeah. Please man, I'm keeping my wife facts My wife And, and we gonna fuck tonight and the in the name of the baby. Oh. Oh lil Derek. Oh fuck. Damn. Yeah, we play some quick. Put some quick, quick. Real fast. Real fast. It's gonna be a nine break. Yep. Hey look, I was looking at my wife. Hey, this new baby has been beating our ass.


We did need a break anyway. She needed a little 10 month break post bar, them all types of shit going on. Yeah, that baby clean all that up. Yeah, that baby is getting punted. Wait, there's so many in the middle of the ocean. There's so many babies available for adoption that need a good home. I'm not gonna hold you gonna pick up another one? That baby might get a gronk spike outta me. So at what age does the answer change? Does it change a two? This needs a three for you? Or if he two then you have to deal with it like a man. You outta here if you two, So you just taking your wife every time. I just agree with the lady to whereas we gonna make another kid, I think me and my wife are gonna make another kid and I'm clipped see, So I gotta keep mine.


I think you got a better chance of finding another wife than you do another baby. Oh shit. Yo. I'm just saying you can brought Another woman that's kind of similar. I see What I see what Pierce Morgan and them be saying about you. Think about it. Yo my nigga, they got some points. How long you been married again? Like a year and a half. We been together, together, together. We together like a long time. It is Fucked up out there. When you find the right one, It is fucked up. You know how hard it's to make a baby? Mm. And the only you get. No, I'm saying How hard is it to make a baby? Not you. No, you, I'm saying for a, for a lot of people, the older you get, the harder It is. By, once you turn 40, your percentage is into 1%. Hey Mark. Mark, You got a couple dollars Mark? I don know what you talking about.


Fuck is You talking about You got a couple dollars niggas, It ain't all the doctors. You could Be over there checking the boxes off of y want No, no, not this, this. Alright, we can, we can't get a baby. Let's go get a dog. Wow. Hey, Why gotta be a baby again? Let's get a Cat. We tried that before. Didn't work out, cat. Won't we got the boat so dog can swim, right? Oh, y'all are terrible people. Mel, what would you choose? You gotta Ask Mel. No, I'm sorry. Me and Parks are, we have no kids so we, we, we out this Hypothetical. We ain't, I ain't got no 10 month old. Mel ain't saving no man. Never. Are You crazy? Y'all got my girl Mel.


Fuck that. Think she's saving a man's. No, actually that's kind of crazy that you would say that. 'cause exactly to ICE's point how fucked up It is out there. It's would be much easy for y'all to find somebody than It is for me. Hey Mel. Yes. You are the man and Daisy on a boat. What a victim. Now, now who stays? I'm not a victim at all. It Is, It is tough being beautiful. It's called a gift and a curse for a resident for a reason. I know you don't know anything about That. Are you Is a man or daisy? No, no, no, no. Dais can swim. Daisy can swim. Well Not with that dumb ass jacket Daisy.


Right Fucking meat bubble. And and Daisy would just be so easy to save. I'll just put her on my head and then, you know, hold onto my man. But if you Had to choose between Your major daisy. No, no. God no. There's no choice. There's choice. We all you choose with our kids on the Don't lip us choose so long anyway. All dogs go to heaven. Somebody might say neither do or men, but you know. Oh shit. I'm just saying like relationship wise, you know what I mean? He could come and go. Daisy's gonna last for A long time. It be fucked up if you leave, if you, if you save the dude and then he break up with you when you get She wants to save Daisy. She don't wanna say it. I'm mad. We even are spending 10 seconds on saving Daisy. Man. If we don't kill, if we don't kill Daisy and go head on about this damn broadcast Fucking Daisy, You probably just throw Daisy too.


They need to stop coming up with all these trick ass questions for men anyway. Yeah, It was for both. It was for everybody. Like getting, the women answered it first. The women answered it first and most of the women took their man, which shocked me. I women would save their children. That's How bad it's out There. Jesus. No, there's just women out there that love men. I know that. That's shocking to No, no, no, don't start, don't don Don't don't. No, no. Don't keep that narrative up. That's, that's like really? That's super fucked up. And I will, I will fight you, you know, on the fucking BTS camera. That's bullshit. No, She didn't even sound inspired when you said that. You didn't sound inspired at all when you said that. I'm, because I'm No, that is fucked up. I have like, Hey, wanna bring up more fights, High standards, More shit that everybody out there fighting over?


Sure. DDG and Halle Bailey. Oh, No, no, no, no, no. D dgs. Gotta wait for prospects. Oh sorry, sorry. DI was letting you cook in case something really hot came off the press. But nah. DDG time for my time for my favorite Part of the Show.


PrizePicks. All right. PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really simple and easy to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players. Look at their projected stat line for a shot to win up to 1000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with PrizePicks. All right, what we got for day? What we got for the day? Let's go all, let's go Give you a couple games. We got OKC and the Celtics. OKC. Give me Shaa. Oh and the Celtics. Gimme Shaa and Tatum both more than more than 25. Wait, what'd I say bad about Tatum? Nothing. Nothing's just been on your ass. Yeah, you make


sure you clean it up. Yeah. Uhuh, Gimme Shaa and Tatum. More than 20 five's. That's it. All right, we got, we got Nick the Blazers Damn a back and I, oh, not a back to back, but close enough to a back to back. Nixon and I Blazers. Ugh. Gimme Kat. Gimme Kat, gimme ka for more than 22. All right. I'm not touching the Blazers. Timber will's nuggets. Mm. I'm such a groupie. My, my, my my PrizePicks. Let me know how big of a group he gimme an I want Ant man.


Oh yeah. I'll take Anthony Edwards for more than 23 points I don't need anymore. I'm cool, I'm cool, I'm cool. That, that, that did it for me. Don't forget, if you download the app right this second, PrizePicks in you promo code JBP, you get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat if you download PrizePicks right now and use promo code JJBP, you get $50 instantly after your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game. Alright, let's have a little bit of fun. The Relay girl in Virginia, I Don't know nothing about this and this is my favorite time of podcast.


This is awesome Parks. You gotta this though man. You have to see it. Okay, let me, lemme Google it. You do have to see it. Somebody said the clip room. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it was, it was a relay, you know, relay race, you run around, you pass the baton to the next runner. Sure. So young lady's running and the girl coming up behind her just took the baton and cold cocked her right in the back of the motherfucking head. Shit. Rock shit. Oh shit. I'm seeing right in the fucking knocking right in the head. But now she's being interviewed saying She caught a concussion. She dropped out of the relay raid. That was the funniest part.


But she Couldn no more her seeing her flail off to the side. Like Think, imagine you running somebody just knock you upside your fucking Head. Nah, that shit looked like the death and temple run. Like when you fall, when you fall off the cliff. Like She got Fucked up. She wasn't in the race no more. Nah. And this is how high school relay race, right? Yeah. That was some more, yeah. Oh my Lord. Wait and then to make, to add insult to injury. No pun. All pun. Then she does an interview. Oh, here's the quote. Nobody's going to believe me because I can admit from the video it does look purposeful, but I know my intentions and I would never hit anybody on purpose.


Then she said after a couple of times hitting her, my baton got stuck behind her back like this and it rolled up her back. I lost my balance when I pumped my arms again and she got hit. So that doesn't even seem physiologically possible to accidentally at full speed bust somebody in the head three or four times with a baton. Fair nigga lying. Yeah, she rock shorty. So, so you are physically hurt but you're not thinking of my mental right? Mm, they're going off of one angle. Just the attacker All the time got stuck behind her back like this and it rolled up her back.


I lost my balance and when I pumped my arms again she got hit. But I know my intentions and I would never hit somebody on purpose. They're assuming my character calling me ghettos, racist slurs, death threats, all of this just because of a nine second video. Oh man, I am here to take up for the attacker. Wait, what? He's being a shit disturber. Clearly she blacked out for a second. That happens sometimes there's a five to six, seven second lapse in time that you can't account for or sometimes you feel strong in your fucking bullshit and you do it and it take for you to go back to the dressing room, see the footage and say I was Wilding.


Okay. That was me And I've kind of got some experience with this type of stuff. So I'm here to tell you the truth about she was sleepwalking about what really happened. She was sleep running. No, no, no, no, no. But I'm here to tell you the truth as, as someone that comes from the hood, I can tell this attacker girl this what happened. The attacker girl asked her to do some shit right before this race. Whatever we attacking this girl for. It just happened two minutes ago, 90 seconds ago.


So we was tying our shoes getting ready to go out there and the attacker girl must have said something like, Hey girl, can you pass me a water? And the girl was like, bitch, no fuck you. It was like, oh, oh again, okay. Oh okay. Yeah. The attacker girl asked us something simple like, Hey girl mama tom, right over there you think you throw it to me real quick? And the bitch said something slick out the mouth like we wasn't about to race and now I'm attacking you. Bow boom. Fucking yeah. Don't talk slick to me two minutes ago if I'm gonna be running behind you with the baton able to clock your dumb ass upside the head.


Yep. Okay. To preface, you know how many times he a hypothetical how many times we've been talking to somebody out in the world and they said something stupid and you thought to yourself, if only I had a baton, small Little metal, three To five inch metal object right now. Ah, slam this lady inside a fucking head. She just so happened to have it. So I don't think we should be killing her for having it. I don't. I Ain't even killing her for that. I'm killing her for the response. Yo. What about my mental and it just looked like that from the video. No my nigga, we saw the video. You should go watch the video. Yeah, I just thought she's video.


It looks pretty. I think she should go watch the video. It looks intentional. It's intimidating. Show me the video from right before I clocked. You own it though? Show me the video from right before I bust your stupid ass upside the head that's gonna tell the story. We was in line in the water fountain. You, you stayed there for 10 minutes. I said yo can I get something to drink? You said something slick. All right bitch. Now you about to bow. That's high school you said right? Yes. Yeah, This shit started over Instagram. Oh shit. Or that, you Know how these niggas get up it up Right. Okay, I'm gonna see her. Yo. The problem, this is the problem. Y'all kids out there today are too soft.


I come from Nancy Kerrigan nigga hold up. You know where I come from nigga. The icecap in the Olympics. It is wild. This is just a regular high school track. Meet Gold medals on the line. This ain't, this ain't nothing but a baton. My bitch had on ice skates did a cartwheel, tried to Chun lee her neck. She tried to end her end end homeboy and the dude. Yeah, that's what that shit was so fun back then. It Really was. That was a good time. Nancy Carrigan. Yo, that was crazy. I come from fucking, what's shorty name?


They cut nigga to cut the nigga dick off. Bobby. Bobby Stop it. Yo. I come from when bitches get pissed off they end shit. This ain't nothing but a little baton be beep beep. Don't put that back in the air though. Don't you don't need them knowing about that one. Yeah, Well keep my shit. Yeah. Yeah. They went and found this dick. They did. They went And found that nigga Dick was in the bushes. She threw that shit out. That nigga Dick was in the bushes in the woods. That's crazy. Put That shit back on ice. If you cut my dick off, leave it in the house, bitch don't pick my shit up and toss it into the woods. Fucking threw That shit out to. Yeah. Thank God the police found my shit in the booking fucking bushes. You nigga. That's funny, right? Huh?


And she probably cut your shit off on small. No, Right at the base. I Thought it was a dick. Come on. Cut the tiny meat. Thought the belly button in the, it was a dick. It is just a little baton is all I'm trying to say. Oh man. Yeah, that's all I'm trying to say. Ain't Never all a little baton. Yeah, and when you wait, listen, side note this don't have nothing to do with this. And when you wake up early in the morning at three 30 in the morning like me and just start watching, She ain't got no business watching. I just been watching random clips of Bill Clinton.


That's an interesting choice. What? Well, 'cause we was talking about the, the, the Lorraina Bobby girl. Right. Which led me to some of the things we've seen in the nineties, which was Bill getting his dick sucked in the fucking joint. That was the, the reveal. That was the tale. If you just look at clips of Bill Clinton around women. Yeah It is the Yo It is the funniest shit in the world. It's yo And then when you connect that to Pizzerias and Hillary. Oh my god yo. Waking up early. It don't do it. Don't do the brain no good. It don't do the brain no good. Don't sound like it.


Bill Clinton is on some bullshit. He Was bitch and why don't why nobody say nothing. I mean they did, they tried to impeach him for they, he don't get his Dicks socks. But they got him. Yeah, for the line. They tried to get him for the lion but they were just mad and he was fucking on. They know Bill Clinton name was on the damn. Y'all know if there was one place to be was Epstein Island, y know God damn well. But I heard Bill heard used To get busy out there. I mean I I know, I know two models. One is pretty well known. That told me how Bill used to get down. You know how Bill get down? Oh yeah. They, the Secret Service started snitching on him. They used to call Air Force one Air fuck one Oh shit. Because, because he would bring him on the plane.


That sounds Right. And it sounds lit. What the fuck are we talking about? No, damn. I guess what else you gonna do if you the president I Didn. Did they, they give you any Details? There's only one way to compete. Oh yeah. I'm just wondering if like the BDE was actually Bd. They didn't tell me that part. I, well, but I Are you inquiring about if Bill Clinton was home? It's a logical question, you know, to ask Right After hearing that he was, you know, on air fuck one. Yeah, I didn't ask when she told me. I Just thought, I just thought she might have volunteered The info by the way. Right, right. Was he hanging?


But I feel like if I feel like women volunteer that when they want you to do that. That's what I mean. That's So she didn't say nothing. So that might be a tail in and of itself. But I didn't ask. She definitely, yeah, I was, I I was impressed at Bill to be honest. Fuck it on Air Force one, This particular model. I was like damn. I was like damn. Really? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Salute. He had, he had a time, nineties was his era. You don't say run. All you could do Is just die now. Like ain't nothing left. Gotta be tough to go back to the old ball of chain. Right. Exactly. Y'all shit. So y'all wouldn't wild if y'all was the president?


No. Okay, got it. No, I would, I would hold the dignity of the office. Got it. No, no, no. You, no you wouldn't Lock. Let him lie. No you wouldn't. Yes I would man. Shit. Sure. I respect the position. Yeah, what Position? That's what you would do. Gotcha. You would respect the position for sure. It's a couple different positions. S that nigga Mark could be in there with his foot on the desk. Like the insurrection niggas. Mark could be in him putting his dick on the desk. Margaret. That'd be the next season scandal. Oh shit. Oh shit. I know I would do some wild shit.


White House dog. I did some wild shit and just regular house that was white. That's my point though. Niggas would wow the fuck out. Tell me about me, Tell me about the time you fucking snuck the hostess of the poker poker game into a closet while your wife was home. When your girl was home. What? Your house. That was very specific. That was Your house. Don't got no like secret compartments or rooms that it would take your wife about 20 minutes to get to. You get all right over. I Just asking, I just asking. Y S Not, there's not a basement or a attic or a Secret hallway spot over There.


Well the previous owner was a photographer, so there's a dark room somewhere. We just, We just take your wife. You'd at least be able to hear the footsteps coming in at 4:00 AM Why Do niggas do, why do people fuck at their house like cheat in they house? Laziness. Is It, is it like the thrill? I was gonna say is it the thrill of the, the danger, The wills you voted do Probably both Hotels, they house the car, the car, the movies, the bathroom, anywhere else. Anywhere but home. Literally anywhere. Right. Literally Steve Jobs dead it that Steve Jobs dead it all that cheating in the hotel. Shit. It is all, that's like an excellent link up. That's like a, that's a meetup. Cheating in the hotel is a meetup that's like bike a week. Oh shit.


Yeah. That's like Myrtle Beach or some shit. Oh shit. Nah, you caught cheating at a hotel. I mean, home feels like a even worse. Nah. Alright. I I'll take the opposing side. I guess I'm forced yet again. Basic defendants, they keep misrepresenting me. But now home sounds private, safe. You know everything. You got a password in your cameras. Yeah. Home sound like, I mean That just feels, I mean, yeah, I couldn't imagine feels Morally wrong. Right? I mean, cheating feels morally wrong to me. But like, But that's just an extra Area. The house just an extra level of disrespect.


Like I feel like your, your partner could get over you cheating. You cheating like in y'all bed or y'all crib. Y'all couch, y'all closet, whatever the fuck It is. Like, sound like, Hey Mark. I feel like that would be harder to get. Like if, if my wife cheated on me in the house, I'd feel worse. Mark, Your partner's not ever supposed to find out that that happened in house or anyone. No. No. They could get you for the cheating in the house. How did they find that out? Oh my god. You dropped the ball somewhere. We did not side dropped the ball. Come on man. Drop the ball somewhere. It's not you dropping the ball. Oh you was fucking the chick with hair, makeup on the, I was fucking the chick on glitter, fucking glitter body.


The hair coming in this house that is dark shitting me. Cancer patients got good buty too. Yo, she hard to come back to that one. They got nothing, nothing, nothing. Let 'em on. Is it bad to be turned on by cancer survivors? Oh my gosh. Y'all are strong. They're resilient. Resilient. Y'all sick. I I just want to say y'all are sick. That shit is sexy man. And if they kill the caption, all this shit almost took me out. When they're ringing the bell, you be like, well look I won just ball with a few cards.


You'd be like, yeah, I would fuck this shit. You know what? Forget it. Forget it. Nope. Nevermind. They they need luck too. They need luck too. They, they need love off. I thought it was some fire against a survivor. You gotta bless him. You gotta bless em. That's bad. They, no, I don't think it's Bad at all. All then why y'all Getting on tens? I'm saying It's dark. It's funny. It Is dark. It's dark. It is dark to say cancer survivors be fire. Yes. No, I don't think so. But That should be Light. That should be A beacon of hope. Hold On.


So Don't Help Her bark. That didn't, that didn't kill her. Let me try. Right. Men just be, she'd be button strong. I'm leaving this. Oh, that's too far. Holy Shit. Get better. So listen, Oh, Speaking of fucking the heir, the heir of the Hermes estate wants to leave his fortune to the gardener.


So he's thinking about adopting the gardener so that the gardener can be the successor to his $11 billion estate. He is without wife. The the heir. Okay. Not the gardener. He doesn't have a wife. He doesn't have children. Which is why they say he's considering this. The gardener does have a wife and children. I gotta c the yard. How long they been fucking, that's his yard. See me? That's the first thing I thought. Right, right. I'm seeing people say, oh, the gardener probably was the only one that treated him like a human. And he was really nice to him. I'm like, he was fucking that. Nah, he was working at E seven.


I'm like, yo, he was busting that gardener. Oh man, God. Yeah man, I'm not leaving nobody. $11 billion and 6 million in our real estate houses Everywhere. This is the second one of these billionaire dudes that decided to leave the money to the gardener. Hmm. So while y'all are onto something now we just gonna expose the truth. S Good ssy. Yeah, exactly. That's the takeaway. The Garden gardener's got that fire. Fuck cancer patients. It is the gardener. A gardener. Yeah. Holy shit. Shit Man. So Literally gardener man.


What come up? Why he gotta adopt a gardener? Why can't you just give a gardener the money? That's a good, probably because maybe other members of the family might. You said he ain't got No. Also If he adopts a gardener, wouldn just fall under a different category in porn. Hub. Yeah. Stepchild. Yeah. I mean I feel like there's a genre there. Oh God. Sub genre might move it up. Oh yeah, no, that's, let's move it up the Yeah, yeah. Move up might Make the, I don't feel like the gardener can go home and explain that to his wife and kids just and get the gardener line off. I think you can, you bring 11 billion, I guess you could with $11 billion you can get Anything off. That's a fact. I fucking killed those ledgers baby. I fucking killed the fucking please.


11 billion. Like I fuck the garden baby. Here's $11 billion. Go. You gotta go home and just tell the truth. Right. Fuck it. I think gardeners might just be fast. If I got a billion dollars and every day I look out my window, you out there looking good. Got all on his body, bent over in the Bushes, sucking the sun off sun, all out there shining on you. I mean, look at the sun shining on the garden out there like that. It's crazy. Strong hands. Watch in the front yard. Watch in the backyard. At least assuming too The grass start looking greener. The plants growing around you so You know you good with his hands. Usually it's the pool Boys. And you a cancer Survivor, nigga.


It is my robe. Sometimes You gotta grab the robe and just go outside like, yo, what you doing man? What you doing? Yo, let's go Spark up a conversation. Take, let's take a break man. Come on. Come here. Pop. Put your ass up in this room. Brought you some lemonade. Yeah. Gar. These fucking pubes Say You missed some grass. Sick. 11 Billy though. Jesus. Wow. Would you fuck your gardener for 11 Billy? Yes. Yes. I fuck pretty much anything. I about say you insert any, any word in that, in that, in that, in that space.


I don't care. 11 billion. Yes. What Would you do if you had 11 billion? What would you do right now? Whatever the fuck I want. But what? But what is that? But what is that? What does it look like? What now? You done fucked the gardener. You got gardener saliva all on your shit. You in't shower like you, you got that 11 billion. 11 billion. What are you going to do besides shower Nigga And shit, if the gardener gave you 11 billion? I ain't, it ain't over when you get in the shower. Hey, go ahead and walk up in there Pablo Ray from round two. Oh man.


Definitely gotta wash your back. Yo. The guard putting it down too. The garden bust his Ass. He putting it down. We terrible. Absolutely. How do we get here? I don dunno. Do y'all think there's a such thing as and then we can find something else to talk about instead of letting my ignorant brain lead where the party is going. Do y'all think there's like a such thing as like death guilt, right? Like let's say you the, the, the heir dude and you got all this money. You've been busting the gardener ass for 60 years. 60 years straight. No kids, no wife, just gardener ass.


What's Wrong Still with just dying on the, you know, good looking tip. Or you could be somewhere in the middle right? A little away. You could leave 1 million. Yeah, you did that thing while I was on earth. But leaving them 11 million. Yeah, that's a lot. From what I read, it was something where it's like a something if he just were to pass the money would go to like in some foundation or he didn't want it to do that. So it's like this is my way of controlling where it go. That's Spite. Yeah. A lot of the niggas do that though. A lot of them niggas have. I don't want it. What, what showing am I watching? Fuck anything on Zeus Like a die.


I am watching everything On Zeus. Fucking, I'm not gonna hold you. I'm, I'm heavy on the Zeus channel. What you watching Milky the plumber? What's his name? What's my man name to keep fighting? Everybody that whack 100 just got into some shit. Oh, Aaron the plumber. Aaron the plumber? Yeah. Milky, Milky. The plumber fucking you. He's back on that shit. Joe Just gonna fuck his whole Staff word. Boy. Whoa. You work in his and I'm talking his house staff. Yeah. Yeah. Clear that up. I wouldn't do that Power dynamics. That's That's fair. I don't know if it's still power dynamics. If you bought, if you gave him 11 Billy. No, he's got the power. I About to say Pablo got the power Pay for that. Yeah. But nah, it's, It is, It is.


People be trying to like find ways to, I don't want it to go here. So let me find a way to circumvent that By giving it to the gardener though. Nah, I seen people left the fucking money to they cat Facts. Yeah. And their dogs. Yeah. That's wild. Some Mail shit. 100% Male do something stupid like that. Oh, it's today for long Living Everlasting Life. For the record. No, I wouldn't. Just saying the people in my family that will get the stuff. Do y'all want to talk about Oh Hold on. Real. I I, I just, just to clear it up. He has, it was a succession agreement that he had with a charity that he established in 2011.


So if he don't have any, like Any heirs. Yeah. Any heirs, then it goes to them. Oh. So he ain't got no choice now he's like, Fuck that charity. Yeah, I got it. Yeah. I don't, It is not going to this charity. Let me, all right, cool. How bad must you hate the charity to wanna give all $11 billion to your gardener? A lot? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Unless he made some deal with the gardener. Like I'm gonna give this to you and then you distributed the way I want it to. Yeah, That's, that's probably what It is. And I said It is half and he's leaving him half of the Fortune. Fortune. Damn shit. Do y'all have gardeners? I don't, no, I don't have a gar gardener. He got a gardener. He don't like live there. But I got a gardener. Okay. Luis.


Just coincidentally You fucking racists the Louis Luis. Huh? Luis. He was the best qualified For the Job. He had a fat ass didn't he? That's what it was. Aw So nasty. What, what background is he? I don't know. I didn't ask. Do y'all, we gotta talk about Odell and Odell and Jte. Come on. Yeah, come on. We've had enough fun with the gardener and the cancer survivor. Shout to y'all. Y'all do be looking good. And I'm feeling low low hair like bald.


You like bald? Hell, what a sucker. If they can blow off the ball. Absolute sucker for, for bald Caesar low hair on a woman that's already says I Love it. The confidence too. The confidence that that different confidence. Different level of Yeah, but I don, I, the ball was never my thing. Not even in the Ja era. Never my thing. I don't What about like the half ball? I don wanna just be and then feel the same shit as mine. Like wait a minute. Hold. I don't wanna feel that. What about like the, the Rihanna, Cassie, half ball. Hold up for a second bar just so we clear her head is not gonna feel like yours. Help me. Help me. Help me. If you met a girl and her head Like Yours, you shouldn't be with that shit.


She's smart. And then yes, I would be with her. I told you I ain't been back to the strip club since my little baldhead girl start buying wigs. Yeah. That would turn me off. My little, my little bald, Bald Stripper I used to speak so highly of. And she's still fine. She's still fine. Even with the wig. But it's not the same. I went there with my girl after hyping up the ball. Girl you gonna come out with a wig. I'm like, bitch, this is not what Now you just look like the rest of them Wonder. That shit is sexy. Wonder what money did. Huh? Wonder what money did. Her money might've went like everybody. Not really. It's it's a smaller market for that. Everybody not with the ball. So maybe her putting a wig on might've opened.


Well people would've been with it. Yeah, but I spent more than that. So like Amber Rose. Oh yeah, that's true. It ain't like Amber Rose. Amber Rose. I didn't even know how to head that. Don't count. Fair enough. Thank you. See, so it does count. See Amber Rose and, and abuse nigga. I don don't give a what? You what? What? I remember the day them things leaked. Mm Oh. Niggas went to work. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna lie to you. Come on now we there. I ain't gonna lie. Niggas was there. Niggas went to work. I called wasn't short. I was there. That Respectfully slu.


Yeah. Do women do that man? What? Like what we saying with Amber? Like when her shit's, when her shit's dropped, like niggas went to work. Like has a dude shit ever dropped and then y'all went to work? I Can't necessarily speak for myself, but I'm sure. Yeah. Which, Which? Your Group chat you said? Yeah. About Words. I don't know. Yeah. Put it on someone else. Yeah. I mean, Yeah. Y'all ain't see the Mufasa drop and go run to a closet? No. No you wouldn't. You would've needed to see more. So which one did you See that made you do it?


Me? I said Didn didn't do that. But your, Your home, your group chat. Oh yeah. Your group chat. Yeah. Somebody else. Somebody friend. Like, oh shit, such and such. I'm about to go get the Rose. You know Chris Brown's pictures kind of had women, you know, little Going to work. Yeah, Probably. Yeah. Was that age, bro, you can't do that man. I Mean, how old was he at the time? Wasn't he like in his thirties? Like early Thirties? You going to jail? He's trying to trip up. He trying to trip you up. Yo. And again, I did not again. I did not. Oh, it Wasn't her. Yes, the group chat group shot.


But yeah, the girls start telling on theyself, start naming some college players and shit. Oh, she say Chris Brown. Go ahead. Girl was Stru. Oh, Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's Where we at Serious matter. Oh yeah. Serious Matter. I don't feel like I need to talk on serious matters with Mark is here. Yeah. I feel like that's a mark thing they Both issued. And if Mel is dead in support, then take it away. You Break it down. You break it Down. Listen, I'll just read what they each, what they each had to say and then we can proceed to, you know, converse about that.


This is Drew's statement. This statement about what? Yeah. Oh, sorry. What happened? So they've been named in By a Jane Doe. Oh, Jane Doe. Yeah. In puff lawsuits These fucking Jane do is getting it done right now. Yeah. So Drew case Druski said this allegation is a fabricated lie. I wasn't a public figure in 2018. I was broke living with my mom without any connections to the entertainment industry at the time of this allegation. So the inclusion of my name is truly outlandish. Good choice of words. My heart breaks for actual victims of abuse. But I'm fully confident that the evidence will expose this falsehood and the individuals who are maliciously trying to game the legal system to pedal false narratives.


And the, and the narrative is that Beckham Druski Diddy singer, rapper, oh I don know she's a rapper. This singer Jaguar Wright among others. It is a dozen people. This is a wild, this is a wild, wild orgy right there That they All these Jane Puff moms. I old you man. Oh shit. These, these Jane doe journals. She crazy. The allegation Jaguar in the Mix. Yeah. They threw Jagging, which is interesting. Which is Where I, which is so crazy. Always check out. I check out at any site of Jaguar rights, name likeness or anything. Well they're accused of kidnapping, drugging and assaulting multiple in individuals after allegedly Diddy heard her saying that she believed that he was involved in the murder of Tupac.


So basically, so the idea is Diddy thinks he heard, she said something about Tupac. So he assembled Druski, Odell Beckham Justice Justice League. And they all assaulted this woman. Two Jane Doe and another woman who, whose name I won't say, but his name is listed on the court document. Like I don't wanna do a whole bunch of laughing. Y'all don't believe Jane Doe? I'm gonna say that. It sounds pretty preposterous. It Does. It just sounds pretty preposterous. We're not laughing at the matter. No, We're because essay is serious. Laughing at the specifics. The specifics are fucking Wild. Laughing. Me being shady What Druski Said, I like that little, you know what I mean?


Like we don't want to, He said my heart breaks for actual victims of abuse. We go, but I am fully confident that the evidence will expose this falsehood, blah, blah Blah. Don't we don't, we don't want to hear Drew's response. 'cause that's what made shit believable. Okay. What about Odell? Get to Odells. I got you. Odell was like, say word that my name is in this shit. Boy, I'll tell you what, this world makes absolutely no sense. I am covered by God. He will prevail. I know who I am. I know who you are. Keep your head Odell And name will be cleared. Shit's stupid. Odell. Get a publicist. My nigga. Ell, I'm not gonna Hold that. That's a terrible Mistake. Take take your your Bitcoin salary. He went and did the Bitcoin.


You right. He did, he did take 10 Bitcoin satoshi and go get you a fucking a publicist. So you can not sound like this Odell. Yeah. Bad. Because you the one need a publicist. Because if my brain, It is good to going. No, no, no. Stop Drew Ski. All right. That's my man. I have to leave him. I don't see it. I don't see it. My imagination is great enough to insert Odell. Whoa. Yo, my god. That was the pause of the year, bro. That was egregious. You went to work with, I mean I wasn't finished, but It is God.


It's a hostile work environment now, man. God damn. As I was saying, Odell in some fucking story. Smarty Van. But yeah, that was egregious. I got it. That was wild. Ell get a publicist, man. What did Jack Raw right? Episode. She hasn't respond. I don know. I was shocked. That's the one I want to hear. Yeah, I wanna hear that. Did y'all read the complaint? No. Let's sir. It went into detail what took place and it Said like, Oh yeah, Druski was using the girls like a slipping slide. Right. Jumping on top of her with the baby. Stop. We can't laugh at this Parks.


But yes, he he jumped on her and used it as a slipping slide. I don't believe that Druski did that. I don't believe it just, I don't believe any of this happening Logistically. I just don't see how that can physically happen. Yo. It is him. So y'all laughing at the James do. Y'all Are not laughing, Laughing, smelling Mark. Oh, y'all laughing at the Jane Doe. No, We're Laughing. I'm not laughing at the Jane Doe Park's. His reaction. I'm laughing in part we not believing all women. That image is insane. Ice, continue please. Is there any more to it that No, that was what's that was the Most ludicrous part. What was Jaguar doing?


I I, I feel, I feel really bad for the, we're at a moment now where there's a feeding frenzy because Diddy has so many cases and so many charges and there are a lot of lawyers, unscrupulous lawyers who are just throwing everything at the wall hoping that people will be so afraid of having their name in the news that they'll pay to not have their name in the news. And I think more people are coming forward and saying, I'm not, I'm not going with that. There are a lot of women out there and men who are assaulted, who are harmed. And I hate that stories like this get the attention and not the ones that are actually legitimate implausible. And I'm not, and for me in this case, it's not even that. I don't believe the Jane doe It is that I don't, even if there are Jane do a lot of these lawyers make up people, you know, they, they, they literally manufacture people to make a case hoping that they can get paid.


So, you know, I I hope the truth comes out and it prevails. But this is, this is not a good thing. I Ain't gonna hold you. I watched a lot of scandal when that show was out. This shit looked like a play outta Olivia Pope's playbook to me. Mm. What's the strategy If I'm puff Oh, you think it's a puff strategy. Oh, got it. Just keep throwing a bunch of bullshit out there and let it happen. Keep signing executive orders. That's another reverse card. That is a reverse card. I'm just saying if, if, if this is a, a great play, not saying he did it, but if you were Shady bitches existed before this puff trial came About. I'm not, I'm talking about if I'm on trial and there's some that I did, let me get a bunch of this bullshit out there. And when people start to see, okay, that's bullshit.


Now you might start to question everything and this helps his case. Damn. Yeah. That's the idea that, that that is a legitimate strategy. I don't know if It is puff strategy. Yeah. I'm not saying it. But, but, But it, it does cast out. And that's the thing. Oftentimes when people are accused of egregious crimes and lots of them, it makes the ju fighter hard to to yeah. To imagine that it's true. 'cause they don't believe this might, could conceivably do a hundred things. Or If you did, if you did three things, but we got 20 cases here and 15 of the 20 are complete bullshit. Like you could just see through it. It is after a while you're like, all right, I see what's going on here. All of these are bullshit. And and that's the thing. It raises doubt in people's mind. Yeah. It'll raise doubt. It It'll be interesting when a trial, and look, we, we, That's a bold strategy.


Let me throw a bunch of fake rape cases my way to help me beat because They're getting beat. Because that's bold. Because if they're debunked before we even go to trial, then I can start to say, yo, it's, it's just all been bullshit. I think that takes too much of the onus off of shady bitches and shady lawyers. And I think we have enough years of seeing shady bitches and shady lawyers go to work and not enough be done when we actually find out that it's people being shady. That's true. There there's no, there, there needs to be a law changed. Absolutely. There, there needs to be something changed so that something is done and these people are handled differently. Agreed. Do I believe that Druski and Odell and these people, do I believe this?


No, I don't. Lemme just stick with Druski. 'cause I really don't believe that about him. Many Do I believe any of this about Druski? Absolutely not. Is it gonna matter when he, when his innocence is fucking proven? Absolutely not. It's not gonna matter at all. Just somebody searching the name Druski right now and seeing some of this bullshit from a j Jane Doe is impactful. It is enough. That's enough that that, yeah, that's more than enough. You talking about somebody who had two, two commercials running in two Bowl. You talking about somebody who's at the peak, prime of his career and just, just the allegation, just the lie. 'cause I'm, 'cause I believe it's a lie. That lie is hurtful.


That lie is enough. Even when disproven is enough to get companies, the damage will still be done. Yo dog, the risk is not worth the reward. I'm stepping away from this and I don't think that's fair. It's not, I don't think that's fair. There Needs to be some type of a a, a false allegation, false accusation law or something that's, there Needs to be, I mean there is, there are. I mean there is, there are. There are. But How often? No. Then they need to update it or they need to start Enforcing it. They they don't, they don't, they don't enforce It is the issue. The, the, it needs to be enforced. And it's not just for sexual assault, it's for everything. But I think part of the issue is we live in a society that doesn't believe women, women and doesn't believe survivors in general. Men or women, but particularly doesn't believe women. Right. And I think people are reluctant to add more to the pile that will discourage people from coming forward when they are assaulted and when they are harmed.


That's the other side of that is that I agree, if you're lying, you should be held accountable. But there's a lot of people who aren't lying who still get called liars. And if there's more laws and more intimidation and more threats against those people, then they're gonna be even more afraid to stand up and speak out. So that's the thing. See, I think even that is part of the problem that muddies the waters. We not talking about actual victims and, and the fear that they have with coming forward and people not believing, but unfortunately get lumped. Let me land. We talking about people that it's proven in this Jay-Z case recently. They say TMZ done say that. Other people said, we have evidence that says this girl conspired with Tony Busby to come up with this plot. Right.


Case closed. Yeah. We not talking about leaving it, leaving it open for what you think and open for interpretation. We talking about when it's a clear proven fact that this person is lying on somebody, there needs to be penalties. I I agree with you. I'm saying the, the the downside of that is that if you start enforcing that law, or there's a sense that that law is gonna be enforced, witnesses and victims get intimidated all the time. And that becomes another tool that the other side will use. Powerful people will say, well if you come forward, I'm gonna make you look like a liar. I'm gonna call the police on you. You are gonna go to jail. They do it all the time. Especially in these cases Where it's difficult to prove. I get that to begin with. I get what I'm Yeah, You're saying it's open and shut, but but that gives, I'm Saying when it's open and shut.


Right. What you're saying, it's, it's not that, but it still has implications. Yeah. That's all I'm saying. Yeah. I get it. I get it, Man. But that slip and slide is wild. And also, And but until they do something about it, we not gonna stop seeing this. That's true. And just, just 'cause you mentioned that Jay-Z accuser, there's another statement that came out after that where she says, they asked her to sign an affidavit saying her claims are false and she refused and she's doubling down that I didn't conspire with him and this happened. Got it. So they're going back and forth with that. We got It. And she has to, 'cause if she doesn't do that, then she gets prosecuted. Yeah. So she'd rather it look like a he said, she said, then she loses than it look like Okay.


I admit, I lied. Then they 'cause with Jay-Z's resources and the public attention, if she says, yeah, I conspired, the next step is she's getting prosecuted. Yeah. Perjury, fraud, all those things Nasty. It's, It is, It is disgusting, bro. Yeah. I hate it Because how do you avoid that? Like, that's what I was thinking when the story broke. When the story broke, I was like, Hmm, what an interesting concoction of people to put in a story. Like Gimme Odell, Jaguar Druski. Like, I wouldn't have even scripted this. It Was like, he's just looked at her algorithm, right? Yeah. And just said he's all page shit. Yeah, yeah. And just said, okay, that's rough. I say after the Super Bowl, like you said, Druski Hass been in two commercials.


His name, he's up. Every name is everywhere now. You Google Diddy, sexual assault, Jaguar's gonna come up. I mean, it, it literally feels like just a mishmash of of, of people. Yeah. And I know, I know Jaguar wasn't involved in it. I, I am confident that Jaguar wasn't involved in anything. As confident as I'm with Druski for whatever reason. You know, just 'cause I know who people mix with and who people don't. And when you look at the time period of 2018, it just doesn't add up. I mean, Odell was, he wouldn't, he's never been in that part of California before. And, and I think Druski said the same thing. It is just, I don't know. A lot, a lot of It is, is looks like it's just A mess. You not inviting Jaguar Wright to the same freak off if you invited Odell to Yeah. That part. Sorry. Respectfully, Or, I mean, yeah.


Respectfully. Yeah. Niggas just made the free call. Oh my God, man. It is over, it's over Free off at your own risk. You can't even do it the Flyway no more. We done guys lost track of what the Flyway is, right? With consent. Yeah. Yeah. And LEDs consent. LEDs should come up with a list real quick. Look at, look At y'all. You can have that, bro. Look at y let, I wasn't at you. No, I was not. I wasn't. Yes you was. Yes, you were there.


Ice. This is, see when they talk about the lie ice you, I don who to believe Ice was there. The freak off B Ice was always at the freak off. How'd you know it was going to be a freak off to avoid it? I wasn't there. The lights. Yeah, the, but didn't he install them? Tell him about the New Year Eve part. Now I support and lights you Back to that installation joke. You back to that installation, Joe. It was a good callback. He's Installing the LEDs Now. I'm doing that. LEDs. Yo. Yo. Tell him about the New Year's Eve party. What you was doing. What I was doing. We was, it was a party. We was having fun at a party that wasn't a freak off.


How that started out, freak off as shit. Yes, it was, it was New Year's. He was installing TVs. Some like, everybody wanted to watch the ball drop. I had to get Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I paid that one. I paid, I paid that one. I paid that one. But yeah, I had to get the TV working, so, you know, that's it. Then the ball dropped. Mm. It's Cool for you. That's it, man. I won't tell nobody else. I wasn't You was there. I was not. Isn't that wrong being there as long as it's consent. Yeah. You never been to a freak off. No. You know, hel went and locked himself in the bathroom for four hours. That nigga locked himself in the bathroom for five hours. He's on this game, boy. Yep. Playing Call of Duty.


That nigga hel pulled something off to the side and got missing Right. For the night. See y'all in the morning, big homie. I I, I don't remember this. He's talking about, oh, those are the best nights, man. Anyway. Wanna talk about Nelly? What did Nelly do? He said, I wanna talk about Nelly's ex. Why are we never talking about that Nelly's ex? I don't even, I don't even wanna get when the exes do that, I don't even wanna get 'em. No light. Wait, what happened? Yeah, my head, Nelly's ex said, when I broke up with Nelly, I did so thinking that the space, the time and the distance would bring us closer together.


And maybe he would spin the block and Oh, whoops. We we would be tighter. He did, he did spin the, he spun the block. He just turned right. He, he spun a different block. He spun a different block. Let's think about spinning. Got somebody, got Ashanti pregnant and married her. Yep. So, yeah. L ho Hold your LX has gotta learn to hold their Ls word. Like, why you even speaking on him? Happy happily married man. Was This a recent post? Yeah, she, this was recent. This was recent. Oh, okay. All right. 'cause I know she was saying something. She's been saying something. Every time she pop up it's because she's talking about him. Yeah. Don't do that while I'm in my happiest. Don't do that.


Period. Go sit down. Go get happy. How about that? I can understand. The first time that she made the statement, it was like, you know, I'm sure she, she was inundated with a lot of people saying something, so she wanted to perhaps give some clarity. Now, marriage kid born girl. Yeah. Abort mission. Abort mission. Just Go find, use some happiness. Be like people, I got mine. Simple, very simple rules. When you have, when you have an ex that is now engaged or married, shut the fuck up. Shut up. You're done now, agreed. Speaking about that relationship out, out of respect. Agreed. Right. Agreed. But unfortunately, when that's all that will get you posted, you gotta hold onto that.


That's what happened. 'cause she could go talk about anything else. We wouldn't be up here talking about it. That's true. But back to Nelly. Oh yeah. What else? So Nelly was up there. He, he, he was saying that basically was The drink champs, right? Yeah, Drink Champs. He was saying that basically his daughters are always allowed back home no matter what, no matter how old they are, y'all can come back home. He was like, sons, you know, if something happened hard times, whatever, you can come back home couch for a couple days, but you, that's it. You gotta, you gotta get up and go get it after that. Mm. That's ridiculous. I will give my take after I hear you guys' take, so I know which take to give.


It's one of those. Oh, I mean, I, I believe it should, you should be like that for all your kids, period. A thousand percent. Which way they all can come back or they all can't come back. Yeah. No, no, no. They all can come back and ain't, I don, I'm not with the kicking y'all out the house and that, that whole, alright, now you're 18, you gotta go be your own person and go survive in this fucked up world. I'm not, I'm not with that. And if you out there 20, 30, 40, I don't care. And you need to come back home, bring your ass back home. I think some kids should come home and some kids shouldn't. But I don't, it's not gendered for me. It's just like some kids I know need a kick in the ass. Like, I came home, I dropped out.


When I dropped outta college, I, I came home and my mom gave me like December, January, February. I, she said, you gotta get a job or get out. Then when I got the job, she was like, you got till June. I got the job in February. By May I was out. I didn't because she knew that I needed that. She knew that if I stayed around and did nothing, I, I was gonna keep doing nothing. I got other, another sibling who was there until two years ago. You know what I'm saying? That saved A little bit. Alright, go ahead. I'm sorry. Hating. No, that was definitely hate. I got another sibling. I got kicked out. But this, I got this other sibling, nigga, I'm related to that just two years ago.


Grown ass nigga. Alright. My bad. Fair Enough. I didn't mean to make it sound like that, but not to get all heavy with it. But I remember before my dad died, I, I asked him, I had hired my brother to do something for me. My dad said I always worried that he would be fuck you. I'm talking about what my dad said on his deathbed. No, but before. Damn. But before I know what he said. I'm laughing. You do this shit to me all the time. You said yo, I hired my brother to do something and then my dad. So I have this voice of the older black parents on their deathbed saying, you better, you better take care of you better take care of little, take care little Danny. That's basically what he said.


What what hes, what he, you know, lemme not say, 'cause my, he might watch this at some point, but I'll just say what my parents expressed was that they had concerns that some of us, if they didn't go to the right way, could end up homeless, could end up out on the street. And so I used to not understand that until I became a parent. Oh You was on the wrong route. Me Little bit, little bit. But But You Right. You got yourself together. You gotta Figure this shit out. But like, no, but the point is like some kids, you know will be okay. Some kids you really worry about like this kid ain't gonna be okay. Some kids are gonna fail and you could see it from early. Early from like Five. Yeah, You right. Dead ass.


I'm just being a dick. But it's true. It's, it's True. No, it's true. It's true. I got some cousins and nephews I know I'll be taking care of at 20 years. Dog. We got, we had a, a little, little cousin and this is fucked up. We should not say this about kids, but my whole family knew by maybe four years old he was gonna jail. Mm. Right. And guess What? Yeah, you could See that. Guess what? Yeah, He's in jail. That's what my dad said about my brother. Exactly. Like We knew it. They was building it for him. He, you damn. Yeah. Yeah. And It is bad but It is the truth. So no, that's it. So as a parent, if you know, if you See that for your kid and you're like, if I keep them in this house, at least they'll have food, clothing, and shelter.


I'll be okay. And I said to my mom, you need to put him out. If he's homeless, he's homeless. If you know at some point he gotta stay on his own too. She said yeah, but if he doesn't I don't want to, I don't want that guilt. She said I'm only gonna be around another 15, 20 years. The fuck y wait, wait for me to die to put him on you. You do that when I'm going. I don't want that guilt. And it sounded fucked up. But then fuck Joe, Joe. I mean, yo, am I hearing this shit differently? No I than the rest of y'all. What? Oh because y'all just going along. Let him get back. What? What I say? What I say? I said something fucked up. I mean Yeah. Yeah. I To put him out party. Yeah. Yeah. If a nigga is 45 at home.


Oh shit, I could hear how you was still letting your dad know. Yo, I ain't gonna hold you. It is creeping out. I can hear exactly the tone in that. Talk with dad. You ain't fucking looking out for Frazier. Yo. It be homeless. Did he owe me? Give the fuck outta here pop. Come on now. And you was, and you was clearly headed down like a doctor path. Like you was looking good By that point. Come on man. But the whole point is you can't do that. But if you know Fra, my thing is, I believe Frazier could be anything but I think y'all calling him by protecting. 'cause y'all so scared. He is not.


Mm. And they're like, we know him better than you. And that's the thing I had, I didn't learn until I got older is maybe I ain't know what the fuck I was talking about. Your Parents know their kids do now. Yeah. You know your kid ain't, you kid ain't gonna make it. You know? Yeah. Some kids are special or not right Now. You know Parents on their death bed boy. And that's the other thing, yo, we ain't respected enough coming up, but parent rent, I was rebellious against that. Yeah. Joe, gimme in here. Gimme a minute. Put something toward this rent now. Little $50, little 70 something little honey. She was grateful for whatever. Right. And we wasn't paying.


We had, We had a Problem with that. Yeah. We wasn't paying that shit. That parent ran. I paid my shit. Nah, we had a, I had a problem. Parents Will tell, pick a bill, nigga, light bill, phone bill, You paying something. Holy shit. Yo, this is too funny. Can your kids come home with you, come home to you whenever they want. Yeah, for as long as they want. I'm gonna say yeah. Okay. Because parenthood is a lifetime job. Shit. I mean, especially if though, If you have a the mean mean, if you have the means, it's not like you're living in a one bedroom apartment anymore. When we're talking about Nelly or Joe or something like that. Like If I was, Yeah, I would just get my kid a crib If I was apartment. Don't come living with me. Yeah, It is. What's the other option?


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like I, I was just, I was, I was with some family and I was asking about some cousins that I haven't seen in a long time, like 20 some odd years. I'm like, yo, what's up? What's such and such? And they was like, yo man. Yeah. He over on such and such doing. He, he getting high now and he doing this and, and it's like, not saying you could prevent it, but if you could at least try and his parents, they, they just wash their hands with him and now he just out here. So nah, I, I would, I would go through everything. I would try everything before that. Yeah. I don't care if it was, if I had a studio. If I'm living in the studio apartment and he need, Hey nigga you pick us out, we gonna figure it out.


Figure It out. I'm with that. I just feel like sometimes the thing you think is gonna make them better is I'm saying do whatever will make your kid better. But sometimes we think bringing him in does that and, and enables, I get it. It is enable Him. That's all I'm saying. Like, Like so when Pop left the house and you and your brother's name, like you kept it like that. Right? You didn't go, you didn't go take your homeless brother to court. So they only left it in two of the three. There's there's three of us that they both have and they left it in two of our names. Frazier didn't get it. It wasn't F's. So they knew iced him out the game. They knew, they knew they iced him out the game. Damn Frazier. I I gave him his money though. Good for him. Like I said, I don't do people dirty, but We On some kick rock shit. Right.


Hey, we don't never want you again. Alright, now take this and go. Not of daddy gone. You better make it last. Don't you show your as I say, yeah. Mark, were you worried that he was going to like spend it like immediately? Let let me say this. I'm sorry I didn't give it to him. I have it. He's in prison so I can't give it to him. But it's, it's, it's, it's in a trust. It's in an account. It's in an account form him. Oh shit. Maybe I, I think what you, I think that's commendable. Come on. I got your money. But I'm gonna, hold on. I'm gonna hold it right here my nigga. I got you though. Wait, do you, what do you Mean mail it to him? Vocabulary is too extensive. How's his books to be stuck on the word?


I put money in his books every week and I don't take it outta the money. I don't take it. I If you take, if you take his books money out of his account, I could, but I don't. Mel Can you stop asking serious questions right now, please? I no, we ain't trying to joke. It's, I'm, I'm there with you. How much money for his books? The max you can do every three days is 300. So I do like 500 a week. So you don't do the max? No, No. Nope. But I also send him sneakers. I'm like, he needs new sneakers. Hey my bro. Hey brother. Hey Listen, I sent him sneakers. I sent him books. Hey, I wasn't, I just bought him a tv. Hey, I wasn't around for y'all. Bring 'em man. I don dunno. Hey, you handle 'em how you want handle them. I put a lot of money on the books, man. Holy shit. Yo. You niggas start getting entitled though man.


I know. My fucking, my older brother views money different than me and always has. So my mom knows that it's a thing. Like I'm mad generous with it. I don't care. Ah, here card money to take whatever shirt off my back. Yeah. That ain't my brother. He's the, he's sweet. So if you need something done, it'll show up. He's sweet in action. Yeah. And action. He do all the shit that I don't do. Right. So she's got a good balance. Good, good. But in terms of money, frugal Scrooge, he's keeping it and he keep getting raises too.


Oh wow. And my mom keep getting set up. Hey, now you got that raise you like hell no. Get your ass the fuck outta he downplayed to her Need new glasses? No, he's adamant. Oh, you downplay it. No, not at all. He oh, he say, Oh yeah, now I gotta call my mom because now I'm talking behind her back. Hell no, you don't downplay. He saying I've seen that one before. No, no. I've seen that one with them. Glasses Work just fine. Staying closer. Oh shit. Stand close. No, that's funny. That's fucked up though. Lemme see if she answer real quick. 'cause I'll get in trouble for talking about my family behind back and she listens to the bar.


Shout. Hello? Hey Ma, I'm on air. Oh. Huh? I'm telling, I'm telling them about how Verron is stingy with money and I'm not. Verron said, See that that's how he was 20 years ago. Von said what? He's not stingy. He used to be 20 years ago. Okay. But we know the truth. I know, but we, we looking at, we are looking through a different lens. Listen a Different lens. Oh wait, did she doing that shit? Don't protective Protect. Protect.


We on protect We on No protective. We on, I have, I have two sons that I love. There You go. S Right Miss Bank. Hey, I'm gonna hang up and tell truth. I Have two sons that I love immensely and my son says he used to be chief 20 years ago. All right. Do you think he's chief? I take the fifth. That's all we need to know. Okay. But we're different in that regard. Hallelujah. Thank you, God. Oh man. All right, fine. My mom got me back on the right route, so I ain't gonna keep my brother back in. All right. Right.


All right. Alright. Bye. Later. Bye Bye. So anyway, it was time for my mom. Now here come the truth. It was time for my mom to get some of her affairs in order. And I said, so you gonna trust him with any money after you go? And she says she loves us both and that she loves us both. Got it. Got it. Sometimes you gotta talk to your parents. Had a true conversation. You really do. Boy, boy. Oh boy. Yo, yo, mark, let Frazier have it. Holy shit.


Frazier. You ain't have a chance. Frazier deserved it. Holy shit. Frazier didn't have a shot in hell yeah. Oh my God. Yo. Good God. Ah, damn. Anyways, all right. What else? What else is funny? Not funny, important, unimportant. I can't believe you tried to throw postpartum on Nard. I mean She did have postpartum. That's true. That just don't address what we were saying, but the whole story Yeah, that's all, that's all Kind of does though. A Little bit. No, it don't. And that's the problem when a guy is saying this person is off her marbles. That's wrong for y'all to assume we saying that because she's on postpartum.


No, we recognize the postpartum. No, I think that there, there was not a recognition of her being postpartum. It was just somebody just calling her fucking crazy. And I'm like, there might be a legitimate reason for it. Like a chemical imbalance. So she's crazy. So you saying what the fuck? I said I'm not, I am not. Do y'all care about Mark wasn't here for our LeBron Stephen, A conversation that we had, but then footage came out of LeBron key keying with Richard Jefferson. Yeah. After the, after the event where he was basically like, yeah. Steven egging up there and saying, LeBron, I'm talking to you as a father.


Yeah. Was the last straw for me. Right. So That, that changed a lot for me. I was about to say, when we were having a conversation, I felt like some people really weren't all the way aware of everything Stephen A has been saying once You once Yeah. That changed a lot for me. That, that as a father part. 'cause now you're not speaking on him, you're not even speaking on Bronny as an athlete. You're not critiquing him as an athlete. You're critiquing critiquing him as my son and, and my parenting. Like he was like, I'm asking you as a father to, to not allow him to play and all this, bro. I think his son was nice. Yeah, yeah. In that sense because you He was nice. Yeah. I remember, remember the morning where that episode of First take aired, I was getting dressed. I wanna say maybe for work even.


And when Stephen A got into that and I get content creation and building suspense, but he did too great of a job at it for what led he, I mean for what followed. He was like for LeBron as a father, man, that's, I got kids, I got kids as a dad. Honestly, it's time to, and I, I stopped and looked at the TV like, hey, that was heavy for Yeah, yeah. Whatever basketball conversation you have coming right now. Yeah. It's a lot. Yeah. You can't, you can't do that. What LeBron was this, you can't do that shit. So I, I agree that LeBron had every right to confront Stephen A and I didn't want Stephen A to criticize Bronny on the father son tip.


You can just criticize him as a basketball player in the way every other GM and coach has who has that Position. That's the side that I was on. Yeah. Do we never though say to somebody, Hey, you're making a bad choice as a parent. I mean you, for example, when LaVar Ball and he turned out to be right, but when LaVar Ball took Lalo out of high school and put him overseas, lots of people said, that's unfair. You're trying to make a kid a pro and said of focusing on his education. Are we allowed to say that? Are we allowed to tell parents who are in the public parenting that they're making bad choices as parents? No. Ever. You can't How, who are you to say that that's a bad choice? I mean, You have to say that when all Arrows point to it being a bad choice.


Like that was the thing about Stephen A to LeBron, you saying as a father, with all of this buildup to somebody who's been the example, who's been in his kid's life this entire life, the kid ain't out there robbing and carjacking and stealing You talking about a kid who's in the NBA with his dad who just Almost died. Yeah. In college with the, with the hardship that went on. Like that ain't the time. Don't Tell me as a Father though, don't tell me what to do. Don't do as, as a dad. I'm the only dad that's ever been in this position in the entire history of the league. Facts. Yeah. You can't talk to me about that. Now if the decision's bad, even with the LaVar bullshit, like my son is going to play overseas, he's gonna forego his college, yada, yada, yada yada.


Like if you're telling me something's going wrong there, that's an opinion. It's not rooted in. Again, my son is a murderer. My son is stabbing people. My son is drugged out. My son has a gambling problem. My son is, yeah, I don I don. And and there's too many times where this has come up with Stephen, A specifically, like you mentioned LaVar Ball, we mentioned fucking LeBron. There was another instance where this happened. I have to jog my memory, but, But even with the LaVar bullshit, I don't care. Can't nobody say you are making a bad decision as a parent. You can't tell him that. That's my thing. You can't tell me as a parent, I'm, you are doing this wrong.


I got two in apostle in the league. Disagree with that part, but I I got two and impossible in the league. And the possible has a record deal somewhere. Yeah. We should, we should trust his judgment at this point. But what I'm saying is, and again, I fully agree with LeBron and what he did, and I fully disagree with Stephen. A I'm just saying there are moments where I, I don't accept the rule that we just should never criticize people's parenting. That's all I'm saying. Because I think there are times where, where, where we should listen. Give An example of that. Are you would criticize somebody's parenting. But give an example, give an example of a time where it's applicable to Criticize Somebody's. We, we, we black people. So every other day in the winter time course we see white a quote on that. Yeah.


Put a coat on that baby. We do that every, put a coat on that baby. It is too cold for that baby to be out here without a coat. That is parental criticism. A ballad Stage. Parents, we tend to call 'em stage minds. Really Stage parents often exploit their kids. Right. They often try To live through. Yeah. Yeah. And we criticize the shit outta that. And I don't think that's unfair or unreasonable too. But you can't tell them you're making a bad decision. But The criticism in it, That's all. You could just be like, yo, you're pushing, you might be pushing that kid too hard. You might be doing this. How do you know? Yeah, we telling they wanna do That's the same thing. No it's not. You said you might be telling them that's Bad parenting. This is, you are making a bad decision. Now what if people could have told Joe Jackson, he was making a bad decision, pushing the Jacksons and then the kids turn out to be, that wasn't a bad decision.


You see what I'm saying? You can't tell nobody. But what if you are making, but what if I said beating the shit outta Tito to make him play the guitar better Was bad parenting or bad choice? Would that be okay for me to say? No, you can't tell him that. Okay. Okay. So that, that's What we, that's my thing. Can't you can't tell somebody you are making a bad decision. You are this, this is bad parenting. You shouldn't tell somebody that. Yeah. I, I get it. Unless All arrows point to like, if we gotta get fu now and child protective services involved. Tito definitely wanted Fus by which I'll give, I'll Give you, I'll give you one and rest in peace. The, the, the father son duo that, that took p and b rock outta here, rest in peace. Now you could say to that dad, bringing your son on that is a bad, like you've ruined both of their, both of you, you've ruined three lives.


Well, more lives More. He's ruined a lives, lives. You've Ruined a lot of Lives. Rest in peace. That's an instance where, and that's extreme, but that's an instance where you can say you are doing, you did a bad, you made a bad decision, bad parenting, et cetera. Hey, to not go as extreme as ice is going. The whole conversation when Nick Cannon kept popping him out was, you're bad, you're bad parenting. That's bad. That's bad fatherhood. There's no way you can be in all of these places at once. And y that was the entire conversation. Are we allowed to Say that? Is that wrong? Well, what I told, because I told Nick to his face, I said, you're being selfish. I still didn't say you're being a bad parent. This just feel semantic. It is. No, no, no, no. It's, it's bad Though. Bad bad parent is Different. Bad parent is a different level of accusatory than selfish. So if I say to Nick, right, as a father, you should want just to use Stephen A language as a father.


You shouldn't want to have 10 kids in 10 places because you can't be present for all of them. That's in bad taste. Very, That's in bad taste. You, who are you to say what I should and shouldn't want as a father? And who are you to say, 'cause he got enough money. Who's, who are you to say that I don't build a compound with all of us living here? You don't know what our living situation is. Yeah, I'm Just saying hypothetical. I I'm criticizing that. But that, but That's why you can't make that assessment that this is bad Parenting. And that's why it feels like a slippery slope. 'cause while I agree with the LeBron Stephen A criticisms, I think Stephen A went too far. That's not necessary. 'cause again, the worst case scenario is he's a bad NB player or whatever. Right. That's not a, that's not a bad outcome. Yeah. That's the outcome that 99.9% of the world will never get. You can't criticize 'em for that.


I get that. But the other extreme, when we talk about calling fus or you know, calling child services on somebody that's extreme, where we all agree you can criticize that. But in the middle is a bunch of choices that I might think are unethical. Like pulling a kid outta school or depriving kids of their social experiences or not letting, You know what I mean? These are all things that I might say are bad and are signs of bad parenting. So I'm with you. I'm, I'm hearing what you're saying loud and clear. And It is like, I probably wouldn't use that language of bad parenting 'cause it sounds accusatory, but we do all judge people's parents. I'm just saying Stevie ain't the first nigga to judge somebody's parenting. Oh No. You could judge it. But again, and and that's by your own personal. We Judge it and take it on TV and act like you having a heart to heart man to man dad to dad conversation when like you said, the worst case scenario is you're a bad NBA player.


Like stop. That's it. I agree with that. Yeah. That part I agree with a hundred Percent. I got my son with a guaranteed contract making his own money doing what I, I'm assuming he loves to do on my team. We, we we play together. Yeah. Where's the bad parenting in that? I don't think that's bad parenting. Even if I don't agree with the choice and I, I don't necessarily agree with the choice. I, I I think it's, I don't think it's bad parenting. I think it's, and I think if I'm gonna defer to somebody's expertise on, unless I'm gonna defer to LeBron's, You know what I mean? Like he's the, he's one of the goats like fuck it. Exactly. He, he deserves the, he deserves the opportunity to be wrong about it. I agree. Yeah. I just don't like telling people y'all are bad parents. Fair not with it. Especially when your private life is so private.


Yeah. Like Stephen A has made it a point to keep his private life extremely private. That's A good one. We don't see his kids, we don't know about his kids. We don't hear about his kids. We don't hear about his dating. We don't know nothing about none of that. So don't just because you hang your hat on that now point all of the guns at the guy who's in the public doing it a certain way. It's just not, and, and I didn't like Stephen a's response to the, the LeBron's Richard Jefferson conversation It didn't make. Which was, which was Oh, so it wa it was about you. It wasn't about the kid. No, no buddy. It's still about the kid. He was saying I'm, he had a problem with you saying, oh, I'm speaking to you as a father because you're a father.


To who everything after that was about the kid. Like, I just don't like how Stephen A is handling this specific topic. But I I I'll shut up until he goes on Gilbert to talk about it. 'cause I'm sure they'll talk about it over there. Oh yeah, he's doing good with arena soon. Shout out to you. Oh, okay. Today? Yeah. Yeah. I can't, can't wait to see. Can't wait to see what else is going on. Gary Cole is getting Tommy John's surgery if you're a Yankees fan. Not great. That's crazy. Season's over. I'm not gonna go that far. I'm being an asshole. Yeah, no, that Far I'm, I'm just wishing the worst. Want The Yankees. I Want him to be healthy. I want the Yankees to Lose. Got it. Why do you want the Yankees? It's just all New York team son for you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


That's it. At least you're consistent. Yeah. Yeah. I hate doing all of them. Damn. Yeah, I, I'll take Yankees over the Mets, but I hate all of 'em. Okay, well And you take any Yankee contract over Poor George contract. Alright. Reverse card. That was low. Yeah. Reverse car, reverse card. That was Low. Just saying. Yeah, Just saying I'm, I'm over all that. I want them to blow that whole team up at this point. Yep. That's where I'm at. Yeah. That's exactly where I'm at with it. Justin Fields to the Jets. Anything, anything, anything. I, I Love it. I like Justin Fields. I I, I wanted him to have the, the shot in Pittsburgh. I don't think he got a fair shake. He didn't. And I really wanted, especially with us getting DK over there, now you got Pickens dk you still got Fry move.


You got, you have some options. I would, I would've liked to have seen how he would have performed given a shot with the whole, the whole season. Yeah. So I didn't like it. But I, I hope he balls out with the Jets like, and his contract, like his agent did that. I actually don't like him going the Jets 'cause I like him and I feel like the Jets is a black hole for quarterbacks. When was the last time you saw a Good Jets quarterback situation? Damn. Damn. I think that's, I think that's overhyped a little bit. Maybe, but I understand it. Maybe. But We watched Mad Liner have a blast for the Jets. That was 20 Years ago. What year was that? It was a while ago.


20 years. It's A long time. Mark Sanchez. Mark. Yeah. I mean, that's who Im at. I said Matt Liner. I met Mark Sanchez. I'm sorry, but that's still 20 years ago. Yeah, 20 years ago. I hope, I hope he has a, I hope he balls out still. Listen Justin Fields, if you give him a starting spot on a team, he's gonna do something. Yeah. I can't speak for the team's results with A, with a system that's trying to put him in position to succeed. Yeah. Yeah. He'll, Because that wasn't the case in Chicago. He'll be fine. I I've seen Mike Kaiser win five weeks in a row with starting Justin Fields and fantasy, picking him up on waiver. He's Ous he's he's gotten a bad, a bad rep in the, in the league. He's much better than being a backup quarterback and all that shit.


Absolutely. That he's the positions he's been in. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. I'm over here watching free agency news. I'm just waiting for it to happen. So, you know what's Coming. Aaron Rogers to the Steelers. Although I could see him, I also could see him going to the Vikings. You know the funny shit though. I can See That too. I, I Might, the Vikings Just redid their entire offensive line. You're not doing that for JJ McCarthy, who's might be good, but They might, they might really like him. They might like really like him. They Might, that's a a lot of investment for, especially for a team that's been competitive for, for last three or four years. Their plan was JJ McCarthy last year. It was. So they clearly saw something that said, Hey, we are ready to go with him and we don't think we'll lose all these games with a rookie quarterback.


But they had a backup player And they, and they let Sam Donald know pretty much all season long, Hey, we're not bringing you back. Right. We're not paying you. You're 10 and one Jesus. Yeah, but we're not bringing you back. That says that there's some faith in the young quarterback back there and not for nothing. That draft probably will go down as one of the greatest quarterback drafts. Yeah. I've been hearing as qbi heavy special. Yeah. I see y'all got rid of Daniel Jones. Yeah, he's an indie. We been got rid of Daniel Jones. Yeah, That's fuck Yeah, he wasn't, he was on the bike. He wasn't Oh yeah, he on the bike. Fuck That. Fuck. I'm trying to make jokes on you. We should have did that before the San Iqua. That's what I was talking about.


It is cool. Pardon? Yeah. Whoopsy. No, but the funny shit is I'm, as much as I say I hate it, I can See that Aaron Rogers and Aaron Rogers shit working in, in Pittsburgh, it Would absolutely work. Same, by the way, does everything left? What you mean skill wise? He still balled out last year at times. Okay. I think I'm really Asking because I don't know. Oh, okay. Yo, the Jets won games last year. Yeah, they did. And they lost a lot of games by By very coin Margins. Yeah, by close possession. Yeah. Okay. So it ain't as bad as they make it out to be. I mean it probably was in the building and for the organization. No, the Building was an absolute mess. Yeah. That, that was, that was awful. Coaches their assistant, everybody GMs everything Midseason. So, but see, I don't think that the Steelers will let Aaron Rogers have that power that the Jets and the Packers gave him different Brand organizations.


That's, that's not, that's not gonna fly Over here. That ain't gonna work over here. Yeah. Yeah. It's not gonna fly over here. That's why I think he Nor Will Pickens and Metcalf let him come over there and just get to talk in any type of way. Yeah. That's what's gonna be Interesting though. That's the movie Metcalf and Pickens on the same team all season long. Yep. Book it. I might drive, I might drive to Pittsburgh. I might go to a game. So somebody put a meme up and it was like the, the Steelers huddle. Okay. We're running a halfback dive and then it says Pickens and Metcalf down the field. They got, both of 'em are fighting, beating the shit out of the defenders. It is like dog, this is going to be, if it work, it work, it's gonna be great. Yeah.


I'm just waiting for the news though man. Because I said if, if, if Aaron Rodgers comes, I'm going to the commanders. Okay. Commanders been making some moves too. They made some nice moves. Deebo, they got Laramie Tunsell from the Texans yesterday. And your, your cousin's the offensive coach right? For y'all off offensive line Coach. Yeah, he's assistant assistant coach. Hold on. Yeah. Yeah. Got Line coach. They just got Stu. Yeah. Pause. But yeah, pause. But yeah, shout to s they they, they gunning for y'all. Yeah, no, I know. That's what I hear. Usually made the trade today too, didn't they? Eagle? Yeah, they CJ Gardner Johnson. Yeah. Yeah. Eagles already have, I think I said six players have already left for the Defense. Yeah. We, we we got sleigh. Yeah. And Milton went to New England.


Oh, we talking football. Xavier worthy. Yeah. This is a mess. Yeah. Yeah. This, this one is, this one's a little, This kinda follows the accusations. Accusation. Yeah. Yes it does. False accusation. Yes, it does chain from earlier. So for those who don't know, I guess, well, the way the news broke was Xavier worthy was arrested, right? Yeah. And DA DV accusation. Yes. Yes. Excuse me. For dv. And then as more information came out, it wasn't him. That was The the Aggressive. Yes. Thank you. That's the word I'm trying. He's the victim. He was the victim. Right.


Okay. And and the allegation Was that the argument started because he broke up with her because she was cheating, Right? Correct. She caught him cheating and then he, she started attacking him. Allegedly. This is all allegedly. Yes. He called the cops ignored. She called the cops, he gets arrested. Mm. Now a nasty situation cast. How do we feel about that? One Chiefs was probably disappointed. That ain't normally how they they do business. Eddie Reid was pissed. Yeah. The chief said, wait, you were the victim, you're cut.


Get the hell outta here. Oh shit man. Yeah, that one, that Was nasty. A toxic little, that's a toxic little crew. Yeah. They don't care. Yeah. Hey, hey, What's my man name in the crash? The pian walked away like Superman. She rice? Yeah. Rash rice. Tyre had his fair share of incidents. Yeah. Tyree, they didn't care. Andy Reed. Andy Reed. Yeah. Shit. They cut. Kareem Hunt brought him back. Yeah. Yeah. Listen man, Can you play Right? Can you give us a ring my nigga. That's all we care about. We'll clean up the other shit. Y'all gonna feel the Mahomes raft next season buddy, for this lost season. You Think so? Yes. For the Super Bowl loss?


Yes. I don't think so. I think any, everybody can See That. We cut, we cut ass all regular season and it was made to look like that in the Super Bowl. Nah, they too arrogant for that. They're not letting that. Right? No way. Agreed. I lost a better team though. It's gonna be tough. I don't think so. I agree with you. Yeah. I'm just talking about what the arrogance is going to do. I mean, he might have a chip on the show season To start. That's the last thing. You wanted to have a chip on the shoulder. Yeah, that's true. He's a Monster. Alright. We do have a Part of the Show. Someone named Daniel needs our help. What's Up Daniel? What's Up? Daniel says, so I'm a new father. Congratulations. Word, don't get in the boat.


My wife and I gave birth to our beautiful son named dj. Okay. At times my wife and I go back and forth about our parenting skills. She says I'm being too hard on him because I let him cry sometimes. He likes to fight his sleep and he's really attached to his mother to the point that I feel a certain way. The reason I'm not home as much is because I work two jobs to support my family. At the moment, my wife and I have started clashing about how I should be home more and be a better father. Like if I stay home, we won't have a crib to live in.


So JBP don't put pressure on us, nigga. Can you please help me on how I can better communicate with my wife about being a better father and husband? Well show Her The bills. Nothing, nothing better to help with that than an eviction notice. Yeah. Show her the bills. Lay 'em out. Hey, let them niggas come tape that little note to your door right there. That daddy, get it done. Hey, y'all got 12 days to beat the fuck outta here. Let her walk in the house and, and, and, and the click watch. Yeah. The lights off. If you, if he's working two jobs to support the household and you want him home more, then he can't work.


Like It is just simple math because there's the other option. But It is, I'm gonna sound like an asshole if I say it. Go ahead. Go get a job. Okay. Well, kids are a job. I'm domestic. Labor is labor. I I'm not saying that. I'm not saying not emotion, it's The job. But if he, if you want me home more and I am out working to get the financials to keep us afloat, take some of that burden off me, then I can be home more. My only problem with what he's saying is, and, and you gotta talk, talk a lot of dads off this ledge is the, the child having an attachment to the mom shouldn't be concerned an impediment on your fathering.


Right. And, and your fatherhood. Like moms play a role. It's a role that dad can't play, won't play. It is not possible. And dad plays a role. Y'all both have to have a role. That's where the balance come In. I feel like that's something that you want to encourage. Yes. It's not something you should look at with spite or resentment. Because if you get, if you get to the bottom of what your issue is, which is, Hey, I'm not home. I'm paying these bills, trying to be the best dad I could be, then that kind of aligns with the child having a pretty good bond with mom. Right. So I don't want you to contradict your own point here in this. Yeah. Like, you want that. That's fire. No matter what me and my kids' moms ever went through, I use my oldest because my youngest is my youngest.


But no matter what we was going through, like you want, I wanted him to love mom. Absolutely. Speak Highly of mom. Noted. She'll be there. And, and how you, how you look at mom is how you gonna look at women? Yes. Good One. So You want that relationship For sure. You want your kid to, to have a healthy respect of women. And mom, He mentions that she's got a problem with how much he lets their son cry and then mentions sleep training. I don't know this, is there a general rule of thumb when it comes to sleep training? Yes. When it c and, and letting them cry it out versus, I, I, I would like to know how old the child is because that, that's important here. Yeah.


They say 10 months old. Did I? No, no. That's my boat. That's That's the boat. I kind of, yeah, I got boat. But you get the feeling that the child is relative very young. I'm my new father. Yeah. That's all he says. My wife and I son, DJ time. You go back and forth by paying, he doesn't say age. I don't care. Yeah. He don't say, This is what I say. I mean, it cried out, which is a fight that parents have all the time. I've had to argue with my wife too. Same. You know what I mean? It's like, all right, come on, cry it out. According to studies doesn't work. Right. Like you're not supposed to cry it out. It also sends a message to kids that when they're emotionally vulnerable, no one's gonna be there for them. They will stop crying at some point. But the the question is, what does it do to them long term? Exactly. Not at some point when I go put this oatmeal, when I, when I start mixing the food and the milk together, It is going, It is gonna put this Noise.


And that's the other side. That's the other side. Like that quiet out shit. 'cause I used to have that same argument. Yeah. The quiet out. I still gotta sleep. So no, let's, I I, 'cause she was, my, my baby moms was more of a, oh, you gotta let her, gotta let her cry a little bit. We can't just pick her up. Can't put her in the bed with you. I'm like, dog, I hear all that, that sound good, but I gotta be up at six. Yeah. So whatever puts her to sleep, I'm doing it because I have to. And my job was, if I fall asleep behind the wheel, it's gonna be some people dying. Right. So See that's where some patriarchy, see we don't have the talks about topics where patriarchy comes in handy. Like for Lex, it was understood when he started crying, you get up.


It was, You wasn't getting up. No. I had to be to work at six. Oh Yeah. See, I had Be to work at six in the morning. I got it. I'm not, I'm, it's not a shared responsibility at that point because I, because you Have to see, I have mine. I gotta get this rest. When he started crying, get your ass up and when you need an emergency break, that's what I'll be for You. Right. But this is not something that will be a shared responsibility for me. Yeah. Whatever people's house. I don't just responsibility. Yeah, exactly. For me, I still got up, like I had to get up at 6:00 AM 7:00 AM I still got, I I saw I was in charge of the overnight shift. So, And still dear phrase like that, yo, so you got a heart in there somewhere. Just, Just not for free. Just not For free. But see, but see Mark again in diff It is different. Like I'm just using my example.


Yeah. I'm driving. Yeah, no. So I can't be behind the wheel. Sleepy. Yeah. That's say every Situation. So It is very, yeah. Yeah. But, but I, I think having the conversation about the parenting is always going to be, there's one parent that wants to be tougher and there's one parent that wants to be lighter and you have to figure that out. It has to be a middle o otherwise it's gonna be, It is gonna get ugly. And I just, you're gonna start to Resent it. I'm also wondering if the reason why he's letting his child cry it out is because it's a boy child. I'm just wondering if that's like an, a factor that might be be playing into this might be Sometimes, Sometimes it plays a role in people's minds. Yeah. Bring some gender into it. No, I mean like she's right. It yeah. I mean like it goes back to the whole Nelly thing of, you know, my daughters can come home and stay for as long as they want, but my son's that, you know, TikTok motherfucker, You gotta get up and go get It.


Exactly. And it's just like, I think that that lens to what toxic masculinity actually is, is not letting male children or like understanding that you need your male children need comfort, you know, and don't always need to be tr you know, like treated harshly because they're a man. You know what I'm saying? Two Right. Or three or four, one, Whatever. No, just, but just in, just in general. No, I agree. You right though. You right. I agree. Absolutely. Right. Like my son is at a stage right now where he's whining a lot. He's, he's, he's a toddler so he does toddler shit. And I find it so fucking annoying. Like when he turns his back I'm like, shut the fuck up. Like whatever he's not looking at because I'd be so frustrated, like I'd be really frustrated. But he does this whining thing and I suspect that if he were a girl, You, you'd Yeah.


Much more patient. Yes. It would still irritate the shit outta, 'cause I hate whiners in general. I hate life. I hate whis. But the fact that it's a boy, I know it, there's a part of me that is like, stop bitching and I gotta constantly work through that. And I don't say that to him, but I be thinking it sometimes. And I know it's like he's two, it's not gender, it shouldn't be any of that. But I still have to work through that. And so that's, that's, that's some of the stuff you gotta think about and, and again, work through in yourself. You're Absolutely right. Because I know with with my daughter, she's five and that's all she does is whine, whine, whine, whine. My, my girls three kids and our, our kids are all in order. 5, 6, 7, 8. They don't whine. They chill as shit. It is just my daughter. Yeah. That does this shit all for every little thing. And I'm, so I hear why I get up and run because, because it's right.


It's my baby girl. And If that was a boy and She'd be like, yo, you, you, you she know you going to do it. The kids will be in the garage with the little TV that just show me what the fuck they got going. The little monitor shit. Yeah, that's it. They go get they old space somewhere. All the way over there. Hey these little babies want to cry. We going to ignore the fucking a ignore the age restrictions on the lullaby speaker. Which we, we not gonna get the one that's for, for infants to two. We getting the 5-year-old one. That nigga used to cry, turn, speak up, turn up that lullaby. Lullaby loud as hell and go right back to bed. Yeah. What else? Some little tricks to get the baby to go back to bed.


Benadryl. Yo. Hey that's bad parenting them talk don't be had about parents be drugging the kids. I know people that do brandy, whiskey, all that shit. Yeah. Yeah. When a kid's teething. Yeah. Put that right on the gums of gums. Right on the gums. Let's get that little Oh yeah. Suckers some Macallan Macallan 25 push. Hey I know where to fix this. Come here, come here. Take this Ludy 13 real quick. Oh shit. Hey hopefully we was able to help you. My brother. Yeah man. Oh man. But had that talk with your, with your wiz man.


Had that, had that talk. Nothing beats, beats a problem. Like communication, have healthy communication. That's it. True indeed. That's really it. Huh. And with that said, I am going with a record by KWN featuring Kehlani. This record is called Worst Behavior.


You Ain't, That is brand new music.


Brand new music from Kwn featuring Kehlani. That record is called Worst Behavior Available in your phone and on DSPs right this very second. That's hard. That was good shit. Before I get to my sleeper, did y'all hear that r Kelly remixed Chris Brown's residuals? Yep. Yes. Okay, cool. I was too pussy to play it on the main. We Can get to it on The picture but I gotta save it for the Patreon. Got it. Save like he really just wanted know where his money at. That's, He wanna know where his residuals at. Yeah. He ain't talking no girl. He talking to labels. Where my shit At? Ah okay. Where my shit, where my shit, who got my monies?


Somebody making money off my catalog log. Where is it? But all right, so Alright Kelly you know they ain't giving You right What's Save it so Jacquees and DeJ Loaf put part two of their fucking friend zone mixtape out. Okay. Eight years I think since the last one. Okay so My Sleeper is, It is actually a part two of one of the better songs on the first one which is called You Still Belong to Somebody Else. I wanna invite some stripper and just cut up. But go ahead, turn Up. You belong. You Still Belong to Somebody Else? That's the name of this one?


Yeah. Somebody. What you been up to for the last couple years? Same shit. Alright. It's in world. What's going On in your World? You tell me what's going on in your Feeling Good. I'm still picturing, I still, I'm Still still my distraction.


It is been, I Don Care. I in Still. You Belong. Belong.


I'm not in Atlanta. You still with your girl. See that Be like, And that was, You Still Belong to Somebody Else off of Fuck Friend Zone two. Jacquees and DeJ Loaf. Yo. It's, It is some shit on that mixtape though. Yeah. I'm sure It is. Some shit on there. Fuck. That song was absolutely fire. Imagine how this sound with some verses. You know that's the new shit today. They, they wrote the hook. That's good. That's cool. Gave gave him a verse and got up outta there. You Went at the strip club tonight? Nah, they, It is some shit on they tape though. Salute the though.


All right. I'm gonna go to my guy Little Vic with 38 Spesh and Fason and RJ Payne. This is Santa Huh? Yeah. You know, let's go. Huh? Huh? Now if I See that pain on my daughter face, my heart will break instantly. My son and my daughter seen a father make history. Even though I started late initially stacked up enough pipes and drums to orchestrate a symphony. Huh? Street ministry. Unique energy rapping and selling crack on that guy in each industry. Me and drugs got a deep chemistry, flip a square into another square gear.


Complete symmetry. Huh? You'll never see my enemies and my friend's faces. They feel y'all wear those energy and don't embrace it. I'm still dealing with temptation, but I stay away from bitches. That's basic. That never been places outpatient. Impatient. The only one in this gym with Louis Vuitton. Windbreakers an entertainer that's impatient but money motivated. My gym trainer has been My, I bottle them, bottle lit, them niggas got, but my posse got it. The kamika. I pull up and caught the heater, then park something right in the top of Jesus.


Wash. Sat in Aquafina. This in Indonesia is in the fighter for freedom. Heart of a lion hy in my dreams. Now I sere of my team follow the leaders. My queen far from a Cameron. She's solid. That's my kadeisha. To follower of the prophet off. They tried to outta Veia. Not a stack on me. My pockets is full of la. I'm probably with Vigar. He told me to meet Matt to, It is Shaq. It is disturbing to be the dream.


I deserve to wear a turban with virgins feeding me crates. Got an urgency for the cake. Last nigga tried to stop me, died with his eyes open. He permanently awake, determined to beat this tape, this fri head. They'll put you in the fucking wheelchair. That's courtesy of the, and then the booth working purposely to this lake. The only thing that's concerning me is today still can't afford an attorney to beat case. But on my, I be out in vision 2020. I don't wear a chain. I'm trying to purchase state. Everything real. Couldn't be further from being fake. You listen. Fucking murder. Third degree in this state.


I prefer to be in the space dangerous with the iron. And I keep it underground 'cause the famous niggas is dying. That's Santoria by Little Vic featuring 38 Spesh Fa Sean and RJ Payne Fire. Fuck with it. Big Mel. Mine is called Overqualified by Durand Bernarr. Oh okay. Doer Talented artist. Yes.


A finding good shit is I got that overnight.


I, I'm the with the and stay doing the making sure you come do whatever. When you do the work check. Does anybody ever refer check? Is anybody on their way to work? Shit, I don know. I've As Durand Bernarr Overqualified and his project is hard and I'm only talking about his project being hard.


I don't know what else is hard. I don't play it often. 'cause if I put it on Hide your niggas. If I put that little slap right there, hide your I I got it. Niggas is getting bad. I mean you backing your dms with it. Watch your mouth. I'm just No, no, no. I ain't know what you was on. No, not I didn't know what you was on. No, I'm telling you what I'm on. No. Okay, got no. The answer is no. Got it. Tell me. Fuck outta here. Mark. Mark. All I'm playing a little slap on the Black Panther two soundtrack. This is from St. John's most recent album festival season. It is called Fuck Being Sad Oh's my shit Days.


I don even stressed out out. I've been going through bad funeral. Cribb finally got me crile from my way. The ball ain. Never learned how to dribble first. They like how I scrabble then Ain't like how I scribbled. I paint my pitches but words. I hope you noticed the riddle. Wish I was friends with my but her hottest riddle, she still hate me a little that to hurt me a little bottom.


You know I'm fresh out the ghetto all nice, hot enough to put on. I had to drop outta college. That shit was truly a blessing. I ain't, I mean your job, you gotta hear my confession. My mama crying. My money. My sister really stressing. That's from my lack of affection on the train with my uniform.


I don't pack a weapon because it could happen a second. I don't be lacking of stepping. That was back in no 10. Thank God he track my progression. I thought my father effectiveness on I don days. I don tired, bad SAINt JHN.


Fuck being sad. Alright Because fuck being sad, you know? Yeah. Who wants that? Who wants that? Like emo Travis. Okay, You said all that and y'all got sad. Look at y'all sad as shit. Yeah, that's true. You right. Eating Chips. Same. Same. Ain't snack hour man. Yeah right. You right about to go get my little meal prep. I ain't gonna hold you. This is the thing about meal prep, right When you get to the end is when it start cooking.


Now I'm scraping the corners of the fucking meal Prep. Yeah. Don't be, I don't like that meal prep show 'cause it don't be enough. That's the point. That's the point. Yeah. No I know that's the point. That's why I don't like it too. Well I'm gonna need two feet. I double it up. That's the best thing. It is more important in the gym man. I keep hearing that. They say you can't outrun your mouth. I am not looking forward to starting this gym shit bro. I'm telling you it's gonna change your life. I know I'm about to be fucked up. Yeah, the first couple weeks It is gonna be rough for you bro. Yeah. So once you get past that, It is gonna feel so good though. Yeah, It feels good. Summer body loading. It is gonna feel good. You gonna like it. Yeah It does. Now I'm not promising the summer body part. I know you over 20 years that and that one summer.


Did I see you and be like, you know what, You're really bo bodying this shit. Yo, your body kind of bo body. We'll see though. I just wanna get in better shape. That's, it's about being healthy. That's about who cares about. I can go buy some abs can do that. It's been done. Yeah, the rappers did it. Yeah, they was waiting for y'all. They was waiting on y'all to come in here and break down the the Drake tweet. What Drake tweet? I don't know. I don't care. I mean the Instagram I don I'm still Drake. I don't know. Was it a, Was it a music link attached to the two? Nah. Cool. Alright Then. No, Let me know when that happens. Right.


Some of the fan comments I get offended by. Oh my god. I'm Gonna hit the 15th second Than skip button. When Joe and them break down, they're Drake. Such a bitch. Ass up nigga. What the fuck could you fuck you take us four here. You never gonna come clean about what was going on there. Cisco tour. Huh? I'm gonna ask you that for a few months. You won't tell me Come clean. Like what? Like what was you doing? Dancing. I keep seeing footage go around of you on the Cisco tour with my girl.


My girl Glow Belo. I was dancing. Look at Mark. Look at Mark. I forgot people could see it. I'm sorry. Look at Mark. Listen man, keep us in your prayer. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do farewell Adio, Reba Dichi, OTA arvo. So long bow. A simple head nod will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and boy do moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. And lastly, the baddies are insecure.


The stagnant women want to travel when to close minded. Women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol. You might need it. Hey, Anybody got any interest in plans this week? Anything going on this week that I may be able to exploit? Entertainment purposes? Hey, Is anybody going to dance on a tour? Huh? Come on, gimme something. Gimme something. I will it. Alright. Nothing popping this week. Nothing popping this week at enjoying the weather mellow vibe. That's it. Soldier, you just starting the gym bro. That's that's, that's enough for me. I'm gonna start gardening, Trying to get this Money.


That's funny. I might take the cover off one of these cars and pick a highway. There you go. Just go drive and drive my stupid ass back home. Ain't nothing else to do. Just can't wait for that 60 degree to hit right. Nah, I'm just trying to explore other avenues of fun. I'm trying to get outside of The normal Normalcy. I'm so, hey, I'm waiting on the either bowling or skate room shit too, man. Oh yeah. Know it's, it's coming. I am 1000% down. It is coming. Trying to let my body heal up for the bowling. Me and my girl went bowling. My thumbs still fucked up a little bit. Me and my girl went bowling. I bowled like a 73. You know something like, so first, first game in You bowled at 73 FAO was my first game in at least 12 years.


Oh wow. What's she Bowl 83. The first game Girl Power. Oh, y'all can't go bowl with me. Nah, that's what I'm getting at. That is absolutely disgusting. Listen fam, I mean it's better than what it said. It is going in with his girl. He let her bowl a 2 75 or Something. Oh yeah. No, that's not happening. Yeah, no, that's not happening. I pull the bumpers out before that happen. Yeah. You not about to put no two nothing up on me. Watch here, watch this. That is hilarious though. Ain't no good movies out or nothing if you bored it. Oh, on Netflix they got, they got some bullshit on Netflix but it's funny. I don't even remember the name of it. So lemme shut up.


That's what the fuck I was watching. You just said Netflix and may remember Some stupid show that's like a, a spoof ary of Genie Bus and the Lakers and they, and the team is called The Waves. That show is funny. I didn't Watch it. I saw It is funny. It is Cheesy Running Point. It. That's it. Running Point. Running Point. Running Point. Say less. It is actually a well, well, well written show. And they're really, really funny. Oh. I mean they're really funny in that whatever It is Running play. When I watched on Netflix. What Beauty in Black? Yeah. Oh, I'm a, that's all I'm gonna say. It's on my list. I don't know what beauty in black Tyler Perry. That's all you need to know. Nevermind. That's it. That's it. I don't support it.


I don't support him. That's it. I've been supporting him for years. It's a Patreon conversation man. 'cause this anti-black What? What? What he's doing on them shows. Yeah. It is him not supporting him. Oh well we gonna have conversation on Patreon. Oh great. Yeah, we, we'll hold back. That's where we happen. I see some other anti-black going on. This nigga is bugging all y'all. Hold it. Damn. We go until next time. And just remember all the things you said your not for Daddy.


JPP Bitch.