
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show, Sir Yo, wake it up out there. Lemme not yell. Some of y'all just waking up. Some of y'all just waking up at up in the morning. Wake it up. Wake it up. Get your coffee, get your drugs. Get your fucking what else you need in the morning?


Cereal. Coochie man. Huh? Light up a cig, huh? Kill yourself coochie. Huh? Get some morning cancer for the cig Smokers out there. Hey, waking bakers. Wake Bakers. Hey, we don't give, we don't give a fuck about life. Just smoking away 10 stones early in the morning. The waking bakers. Yes. Everybody feeling good? Everybody feeling good? Feeling good? This crazy. It's crazy. Hey. Telling y'all war. What was up? I'm telling y'all something. I'm just feeling good. Oh, okay. Yeah. You. can I feel good all over like Stephanie Mills? Yeah. Let it out. Let it out. How's everybody doing? Feel good. Fantastic. Good. As good as you Feel Good. Good, good.


I have been tracking statistics from the last few pods. Okay? Just so everyone knows, I've been tracking the words said on the pod. Yeah, look, now he got technical Difficulties. That Part, that part's got technical difficulty. It's cool. You my man. You ain't go nowhere but your time. Oh man, buddy. I said to him, how is this possible? I got everybody time. I'm not giving away if you don't want it, but I have your average word count per pod. Who wants theirs? I get who wants? Who wants to know? Who wants to know how much time per pod they talk me?


No, you ain't the funny one. Ah, you still kind of funny though. I'll pull it up nigga. I don't don't, don't get both. Hey, listen out. You ain't one of the funnier ones. I'm just saying. You told me to scale it back. Let's go ice. Let's go ice. Yeah, say it. That little one liner shit is cool till you start looking at the, the, the metro that you got a good gig buddy. That that one line King right there. How's everybody doing? Mark We up. We got Mark Lamont Hill in the building. What's up in Nigga Network? New nigga Network. New. Alright, we're gonna have a real good time today. We're gonna have a really good show for y'all today. Everybody's in a good mood, good vibes, and we got long work days ahead.


Long work days ahead, but not today. Here for a good time. Not a long time today. Yeah, please. Alright, let me find some nigga network news stuff to start with. I'm in such a good mood and hopefully the audience is as well. We are. I'm I said no audience nigga. I'm down about, I'm down with the watching I. don. I don't care about y'all mood. Y'all, y'all get paid to pretend like you in a good mood even when you're not but them out there. I hope y'all in a good mood. Let me see here. Let me see. This is conducted in operation that killed Osama bin Laden. Abu a car. Alti is dead. The United States launched a targeted operation against that compound.


They did a lot of shooting and they did a lot of blasting. Even not going through the front door. you know, you think you go through the door. If you're a normal person, you say, knock, knock. May I come A firefight? They killed Osama bin Laden and took custody of his body. He died like a dog Was not marked. The end of our effort. A beautiful dog. We get Thanks for the men who carried out this operation And I don't get any credit for this, but that's okay. I never do. Here we're May God bless you and may God bless the United States of America And I'm writing a book.


Woo. Mike Sha like a Mo a flame burned by the fire. Oh yeah. My love is blind. Yeah, That's the way love goes. Yes sir. This is When. you identify the neo hole. So the neo soul hole that you looking for in the, in the club. When this come on, you lock eyes with her. Good, good vibes. Always for the ladies. Always for the ladies. Always shout to each and every one of y'all idea.


Shout to wherever you might be listening from. Shout to the first and last time. Listeners shout to the hey listeners as well. We couldn't do it without you. Whole New York City. New York City. I'm here for a good time, not Atlanta, DC What's going on out there? All 12 12 12.


ATL 12. Alright, we cancel Puff. Not one 12. Not one 12. We won. Stop. We don stop. Hey. Alright. We at the end of July, that mean the kids is back to school. Depending on what state you live at, in August, August is when the pressure is on for y'all. Some of y'all that have not had a fun summer, August is crunch time. The shot clock is dwindling down. It is. Book your vacation plans. Fuck that person that you've been holding out off on Fuckings. Go to a waterpark or some nut shit. Go to a park.


Shout them niggas to the park right now. Or you working out niggas. Hey Now this is my shit. Microphone. Check one, two, what is podcast, Joey?


Hey, get these drops out the way real quick. Come on man. My beautiful baby. I love you out there. Let's get Parks up in this piece. Let's get ice and ish up in this piece. Get everybody in the game. Flip and Mel and mark, mark, mark, mark. Don't do that. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Nigga don't add him to, don't add him. Tie, drop. Why Flipping Mel silent and then welcome to our guest. Okay. That's one way to drop series. That's one way to do it. Yeah, he is my man. I fuck with you. But he can't just do that. You can't be in the drop, I'm sorry. Show how fly nigga is because you respect the nigga on the, on the media level. I know.


Nah, mark. Know that. I know this is my man. This is my man. I didn't know that. Oh. Alright. That's my man. I'm so happy to be here with everybody today. I'm so happy to be here. What episode is this? 7 46. Welcome to episode 7 46 of the Joe Button podcast. I'm your humble, grateful, gracious, highly favored host Joe button man. What a beautiful day it is, man. Thank God. Well, there's some silence to just praise God man. Woke us up with breath in our lungs this morning. Come on. Grateful for everything that we have. Yo you all crazy. So like, oh I just love you, but you just that nigga the way I'm crazy because I'm thinking, God, God is good. You the Way you navigate through shit, man. It's just so like nigga fuck the elephant man.


I love you son. He is the elephant. No, no. I just love you. I just wanna say how much I love you. Oh, you got an elephant And thank God. Come on. We can talk about that. No, no. Happy birthday. Flip. Yes. Happy, happy birthday tan. Happy tan Birthday. Your birthday was yesterday A work, right? Fuck your birthday. I had no idea his birthday was yesterday. Spoke to you. Happy on the post. I know I spoke to you yesterday. We spoke yesterday and I didn't know it was his birthday. Wow. Damn. Well, I'm happy he was born though. How? No, I'm happy you was born up. How's it feel? I don Dunno know how old you turned? 38. 37. You turned 37? Yes. Oh, that explains a lot. You was 36. Got it. My behavior 37.


It's time to shape up. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm focused. Well, At least by 38. Yeah. That's why I would like, you know, When, you have time to give me the analytics that you found about, you know, how much I speak on the pod. Whenever you have time. I will. Thank you. I will, I will. Anybody who wants theirs, I'll I will Give it. Yeah, Man. We ain't running from that. We ain't running from that word. We're Not. I'm trying to have a good pod. don don't want to, I don't want to poke. don don't want poke and prod and then people get mad. Start rolling they eyes at me to the camera, right? Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm in a good mood. Let stop doing this. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm in a great mood. I hate you with that. The office There. Some of y'all are speaking for less than three minutes per pod. Whoa. Some of y'all are speaking for less than two minutes per pod, Really?


And we'll address it all at the end of everyone's term. No way. We'll get to it. We'll get to it. Parks is sick, but everybody else, we gotta talk. And I used to say it too. I guess he just signed this shit. I'm in a really great mood. I hope everyone else is too. We are, we are, we are. We are a good, I have, beside me Big Mel. Big Mel is in the building. Who, who? Who? Flip is in the building. Mark Lamont Hill is here. Is is here. Parks is here. Ian is here. Ke is here. Corey is here. Poet's here. Amani is here. Ericsson is here. How is everybody doing? How's everybody feeling? It's popping. Was popping Bro. I felt good bro. How's everybody Summer so far? Huh? Oh, I be a great summer man. I can't complain.


Didn't the people say they didn't like When? you did this. What? No. Ask how everybody's doing. Which is an indictment against y'all. Come on. Stop trying to make me, I'm not shooting at y'all. I just, I'm not shooting at No, Because You can. I'm done asking niggas how they weak weekend was. 'cause y niggas not lit. Now I'm asking Summer. Summer. How's everyone summer going? How's it been? Summer Been cool. Summer. Do we plan on ending with a bang? What's Happening of to half to end the summer with a bang? Summer been cool. I caught a couple shows, you know, had a little bit outside. a little bit. So Lot of shows. Lot of shows. Lot of shows. A lot of shows. Lot shows. It felt Good to be back in seeing shows again. That's true. Yeah, that's true. Something Is good for me. you know, just Making money, making that fatty.


Yeah, we see you. Good for you. Congrats. Once I triple it up I'm out. But you know something is good. Someone's good. Some's great man. I gotta, you know, you my man. They might be out before then. Oh, you must be tripping up soon tomorrow. What? You close to your drink? you know, you know What Happened last time. I'm joking. you know Yo, everything I say When, I. Sit down here is a joke. I'm not serious about none of it. Refer to the tag in the front. That's true. The end. They won't. They won't. They won't at all. No they won't. We was talking about shows. Do y'all wanna start with nobody being able to perform in Toronto? We Could. We could. We could. Who's the latest that got Is the latest sir.


And I fuck with sir. But this was hilarious because when the schoolboy show got canceled somebody tweeted sir and said I guess you gonna be the next one to be canceled. This was like two weeks ago. I guess you gonna be the next one to be canceled because they just canceled schoolboy. He retweeted that and said my shit ain't canceled. And then mistake went in earlier this morning, said, damn, this tweet aged like shit. It Was like, oh you must have got canceled. I wish they'd tell us why their shows are getting canceled. The police are canceling them. No, the police, they can't perform here. That's why it's canceled. But the Police are canceling It don't matter who canceling it, It's coming from, we know where it's Coming from. They can't listen. I'm gonna give y'all a list. That's why it's corny. And anybody on this list cannot perform here.


Sirs on tv. No Fly zone. Yes, yes. Sirs. No Fly zone. We've all heard that before. So they basically Going to the police and saying it's gonna be a problem if They come. No, they just flexing muscle what I'm saying. But the police are the ones canceling the show check. Well they're not school for the schoolboy show. They were saying police did it, but the police put out something and said we didn't do it. The police put a responsibility. My point is there's no way of knowing exactly why. Right. But we are speculating that OVO has deaded any TDE member from performance. We're speculating it. It seems pretty obvious at this point. Yes. Niggas couldn't hear the sir slaps in Toronto and all. No. Y'all got the r and b dudes Involved. Yes. That's crazy. Yes. You like this. I respect it.


I'm saying I like it. Listen, we did the same shit in Jersey. I don respect it. Why? You don't respect it. Mark play if we, Michael A. Little closer, play this. I respect it. If you win the battle because then you dancing on the grave, you look, you look like a sucker. If You if you lose now you saying now you can't come to my now your r and b singers can't come and perform in my, in my country. Well everybody still popping shit. So now I'm okay. I might have lost the battle. I'm gonna win the war. I'm a flex real muscle. Y'all can't come here. I run this time It seems like sore loser shit a little bit. At Percent percent is I'm not He lost. Yeah. I didn't even know he had much power to do that though. Are you kidding? I didn't I didn. This is the person that said, man, I know you got some issues, but I can get you through the border. Yeah, but listen, When that man can do that, he got a different type of Power over.


It's not in Toronto, it's Canada. Yeah. He's like the unofficial, he's got like the keys to the city. This the country. The country, the, yeah. He considered like the province. Yeah, but he's considered like a national treasure. How long you knew this for? Everybody knows it. I I I Everybody knows it. Don't start your shit in your email. No, I do not. In your candidate. She, she get notifications. Well, lemme just say gossip. Hey, my ex is still powerful. I I am. Shit. I am gonna start my shit because if, if he says the talking, that means Drake might have sent Yo. You better not. You better be up there. Saboteur. Yo. You're not up here as a Drake Mole, are you? Uhuh? No. Nah. Dead ass. What the fuck? Saboteur.


You speak to him a lot and I'm Down with you. I'm Down. I don't want you so close to me. If you a Drake Mole, I am not. You have to move to that couch. I am not a Drake Mole. I am not. I take it word. I believe you. I I wish she's not. Trust me. Gimme your pound Man. She's, this is why will shoo Drake a little be on the so, so loser point. If he was the sorest of losers, he would let them niggas come and then do something to him. Yeah, well no. Nah. 'cause if you do that, then you risk trick. Trick wasn't gonna stop y'all from coming to Detroit again. Detroit is different from Toronto. Different people we talking about too though. Exactly. Trick. Trick. Wanted y'all to get on the plane to come to Detroit. Shout Detroit. Shout to the D. Shout. Shout Trick. Shout to, that's different Niggas Trick was, Hey come on.


Yeah, I got your rider. I got everything you need at the show You talking about And then what happens? Street Dudes though. Exactly. Right. That's totally different. E 40. E 40 and Biggie Street. Dude, Don watch your mouth. No, he booked them nigga through pennies at Biggie. Nigga Don don't bring that up again. What? He booked Biggie through pennies At him. You did Y'all in New York though. Don't bring that up again. I'm not in New York. I'm You wanna talk about the shit you said about Biggie and Pop? We New Jersey. Yo. Alright, I, I say it what I said about Biggie. And It out about Biggie Pop. We took it out. You didn't say It. That's 'cause y'all a pussy. I talk. So say it again. I talk on a talk show. So. I don't need y'all to edit me nigga. Sometimes, but So I don't need y'all. Edit. I'll call Parks late at night. When.


I need that. No, you needed that edit though. I don't think So I, So I was doing a what if. Okay. I didn't say it. I said what if Biggie and Pop were the biggest bi was the biggest bisexual hip hop battle ever in the history Of hip hop. Yeah. I wasn't expecting that. You said it another life. Why is that so bad to say? Very, You mean like you think it might have possible or you just speculating on Some Well it's, it's rude and impolite to guess someone's sexuality. Right. That's rude. That's true. So I've never even especially Deceased, especially legend Deceased. Well that's When. you should be able to do it man.


Nigga Dan for a little bit. He might have been dog. I listen to too much biggie. So as an adult now all of the lyrics that as a writer I wasn't sure I would've put there. It's made me wonder from time to time. That's Why I assume he is not. 'cause if he was actually in the closet, biggie wouldn't write that shit Exactly back then. He wouldn't be, you know, I ain't gonna say But you know what I mean, In the closet means nobody knows. Yes. It means you're hiding your sexuality. I'm talking saying, I'm not saying Daddy was closeted Yo sexuality. See this is what, this Is why we edited this shit back Then. It was frowned Upon. So he wouldn't like it still is I agree with him. I agree with him. Like back then it was frowned upon.


See y'all make it. Y'all make it like salacious distasteful with your thoughts about being bisexual. Yeah, back then. But I don't have a problem with Biggie or Pac being bisexual. They still two of the best rappers ever. If they were, and again, I'm not saying that they were, I'm saying that that juices that beef up a little more in my mind. Pause what? Yo. That was why that was That's what Juice up the beef. Pun intended Juice. That's like a quadruple entendre. Yeah. That that's all. So that's what I said. We edited it out. I didn't think it was the biggest a deal. You said it a little differently too, but my, my crew is so pussy that When I just say shit that I think is normal.


They get the no stop performing sometimes. Sometimes that is saving that different last time. Shit. Yourself. What Happened. That is not What Happened at all. Right. You said it differently. We got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 people here saying I don't care. Whatever I said last time I found out or I found a way to come articulated the way I needed to say it. Which I implore you all to do. Yeah. But if we didn't edit it out, you wouldn't have found a way to articulate it. No. I didn had time for talk about it. Got it. That's what I said about the big impact. Shit. That's all. Now what was I talking about? I don't remember what the fuck how we got here. We were talking about the about Drake. The point for me is Drake isn't built for street shit.


Right. And he don't pretend he is. So he's not going. How do we know that? No, he do pretend. He, he pretend a little bit. He pretend. Fair enough. Mob. Mob ties. Fair enough. Fair enough. I think it's smart to say don't come to my, like you You can invite him to your city, get him touched. But then Drake gotta go on the road. Drake gotta travel everywhere and Drake don't want to deal with that in every city. He don't wanna go to Oakland and deal with that. He don't wanna go to LA and deal with that. He don't wanna go go to Detroit and deal with that. So he'd rather just cancel their shows. I Guess I will shoot Drake a little bit of bail in that. Maybe he's more concerned about what his associates may do than anything else He Could potentially be doing on some Yo. Let me just avoid this mess By That's smart. That's a good way. That is By canceling your shows.


Yeah. Yeah. Coming Out together. Helping. He might be Man I think that man just petty And it just like, this is my way of getting a haha at you. And I don't think, it ain't, I'm not thinking about what could happen to you or nothing. It's, oh, you coming here. No you're not. And I'm gonna show you that you can't come here. None of y'all, What Happens? You beat me in the beef. 'cause you beat me in a battle Basically because Your man beat me in the battle because I'm petty. Although, although When, I, When, I talk, I've talked to Drake's people, some of Drake's people, the way they frame it is we're not mad that we lost a beef. We're mad that he made me a pedophile. That's what they, that's what they say. And every time I talk to them they say the same thing. We don't care about the rap shit. But now you turn me into a pedophile, which is the worst thing You can do to a person.


And I'm like, I don't think people really think Drake is a pedophile. A pedophile. I mean it might pedophiles a lot. Hey y'all, y'all taking my biggie P to another level. All right. But I'm just saying but that, that, that, that's, that's the thing. So, so they're arguing. That's how they just, because you can't justify shutting somebody out of a city forever because, because you lost a battle. My only problem with that, and I'm not here to rehash the beat, but my problem with that is Kendrick said leave this alone. I'll leave it alone. He, he came with the, the, if you take it there, I'm taking it further. DV allegations and then Came that Led To, yeah. Right after Kendrick said leave it alone. I'll leave it alone. Drake said you beating your wife. Why? Why in Brooklyn? Why y'all not married?


Been a long engagement. I'm hiking down the mountain. I'm tired outta breath. 'cause you're short, like you said, a lot of shit. Your Shoes a little Now don't be mad 'cause one person's mud stuck. Right. But even in the mud sticking. Right. And that again, the difference between Kendrick when he put the lines together like When, I be dissing niggas. I be trying to be lyrical. Kendrick every line was not trying to be lyrical. No he wasn't. He was trying to find the most clever way for these things, these points to stick to the world that don't even care about lyrics. And he succeeded in that Drake on the, you beat your wife. Shit. He didn't make it sloppy enough.


He didn't harmonize That. He didn't do that minor on a drop. Yeah, that was He He breeze through it. Yeah. He didn't. Yeah. Y'all see DJ's scheme playing on, not like us over there. Alright. Not like us Still on the charts. I do think that's impressive. It is. It Is still on the charts. Three or four, somewhere around the Tommy Rich guide that everybody loves. It's, it's still a top record. I know people Saying it's Song of the Summer. We, we, I tried to debate about it for a little bit, but it's the song of the summer. Come on. Is it the biggest rep? Is it, is it the biggest battle song ever now? Yes I would. I would say so. Nah, I wouldn't. I wouldn't. I'm not What's bigger? I'm not saying the biggest. Not the best. The biggest. Well Wait. Biggest in terms of what? In terms of numbers streaming like Airplane air, I mean that Right.


Which You can just measure but also like impact on the culture, impact on society. Like Hit him up. Yes hit Hit 'em up. Took us by storm. I still don't, don don't have Back. Not like us beating back to Back still shit. Oh no shit. Nah, it beats back to back. I don't think So I don't know if the beats hit him up. I don't know if the beats hit 'em up. I gotta see how long, 'cause music don't last too much today. So hit 'em up. When it came out, there was the phase where we had to find a mix tape with it. Then it was the faith where it spread. We in the streets then it may be picked up And it played for the next however many years today. I don't know if life expectancy of music is is That It is So I. Think you gotta judge things on a scale, a different scale a little bit, a different Scale Curve.


If you Not like us will be one of the biggest dis songs ever. It will be one of Yeah, for sure. Not to re has the beef. I don't think I have any more Drake news. I'm still blasting that godo that that shit is that shit. Fire. don don't want no more. That shit is fire on the weekend too. I was moving around. That shit felt good. What else is important? I would get into the Tory shit, but they gonna say I'm thirsty to get into the Tory shit, but I am thirsty. We can do it. You all thirsty man. I'm Thirsty. Why not get me Some. Come on. I'm thirsty. Come on. Let's go. Let's Get it. Let's do it. Am I starting? Of course you are Pussy Nigga. I'm, I'm, I'm right behind you nigga. You gotta, you gotta step on a Ledge on this one. Okay.


No I don't. See that's my problem again, other people's ledge. I don't view that as my ledge. Any of y'all out there that believed that Tory Lanez picked up a gun while he was with two girls? That he popped them both said dance bitch and shot her in the foot. I stand by, you're an idiot. I never left that. I never left it. Now I'm not saying that he don't deserve to be where he is because the charge don't have nothing to do with none of that. Exactly. Yes. But even in that, there was politics in that court case. And the more it comes out, I'm feeling Tory Lane's dad being mad. Anybody that knows What Happened. So the driver came out and said, gave his statement finally Affidavit.


And in that statement he details, this is like our first real account. don don't really listen to Kelsey, Meg and Tori. 'cause they wasn't fray of it. The driver got low. So this is our first account from somebody who was there that's not, that just got low, never gave a story. And he says, we got in the car, the two, that's when it came out that he was fucking, both of us or both of them rather. They said pull the car over. One went to a bus stop, Tory went over there, consoled her, they got back in the car, drove a little more, then they stopped again. And then they both, then according to the driver, Kelsey and Meg get out, started arguing. Started arguing and Fighting.


Kelsey Pulls a, a hammer. Tory goes, grabs Kelsey. And the driver says he did not see who pulled the trigger 'cause his back was turned but the gun went off. So that's what we have there. For some that changes absolutely nothing for some it changes everything. I never believed that. IIII believe the whole time that Tori really liked Meg, he did. It definitely changes her accounts of What Happened when she went, who was that with Gail and said he said dance or whatever, whatever. But in terms of the, the trial and shit, I don't think it changed anything. 'cause again, he was arrested for holding a gun or wielding a firearm in some type of way.


Correct. Now, I mean maybe shorty should have been prosecuted in the same manner. But I guess because she got Immunity, she cooperated. Well that's where the politics come in. 'cause she got the immunity deal. Yeah. Why do we trust the driver? We don't. Okay. And my other thing is I looked at, I read, we know him. I read that Whole thing. That shit was dated December. Why are we just seeing this now? Like After Everything And Why did, didn't submit it. What's that? They didn't submit it and they didn't want to cross examinee him. I, I read somewhere, and I don't know if this is factual, but they said that the defense didn't wanna break him up because it didn't necessarily clarify the situation for their case. Yeah, yeah. Again, we, once we read the charges, You can at least impeach the, the other witness.


I mean, 'cause part of what you wanna do is you want to impeach the other witness. Right. So, so if his account makes Meg's account seem untruthful, even if it brings in a whole bunch of other stuff, then you, the jury might be like, well don don't know who to believe. Right. And if, if I'm on trial for something I and the jury's like, I don't know who to believe. That's why, that's why I want to That's reasonable Doubt. Yeah. That's the, that's the whole point of the trial is reasonable doubt. Right. Only one juror has to basically just feel Like, but they had that, they had the witness that lived in the house that said he saw the little one, But the witness was also accused. And that's what I believe the witness was also accused of speaking to the correct. To the da. Yeah. With the politics. That's That's the building. Yeah. The witness was also coming off the elevator with exactly accused of that.


My thing is that Meg has, you know, shout out to her. She has went out her way to tell this story and to paint Tory in the light and rightfully so. But if this is true, then her whole credibility is shot to Me. See, I don't say rightfully so because he shot me and I got shot or not the same. True Rightfully so. Meaning whatever her reason is, I don't know. I'm not in her mind. I could just speak for me that I look at her differently. I was already reluctant initially, but now I look at, okay, now you just lied on the nigga. Well and you but Why but why I'm not really going. Why Couldn't, why couldn't the driver be lying if I'm employed by him? This is my guy. True So. I gonna, I'm gonna write up whatever I need to write up to make Him look for.


But then if You, if you look at, if you look at the steps that it took, remember Kelsey asked for immunity that should have said something, you know, everybody breeze past it to look at Tory. But that should have said like, why did And, it said something to something of us like, nigga, why she ask for that? Not Only did she, not only did she ask for immunity, then God the stand and, and So I don't remember anything. So let's just make it look a little bit different. I kind of believe, I've said it for a while that I don't know if anybody really knows who pulled the trigger that you said that led to, to them getting shot. It it sounds like, it sounds like it was a big Reus. Yes. But What Mag No, I mean hate y'all. Why? He's right. He said that though before I did say it and I stayed by it. It all, I I believe Meg, I I I believe Meg from the beginning, the phone call from jail from Tory was the thing to me that put it over the top.


He sounded like somebody who did something. He sounded guilty. And the physical evidence seems to be consistent with him doing it. Nah, I that Because that phone call could've literally again, He apologized for something they just found out. Don't fuck both of them. Don't say I'm apologizing for shooting you. Yeah. He, he is accountable for the events that led up to that. If you fucked her and you fucked a friend and now they fighting and it's the big fight and somebody ends up getting injured if you a man. See that's why I disagree man. Rules and how to society views an apology is just very different. Society views n apology as a mission of guilt. Man rules is as a man you say sorry when you're wrong. Wrong. I'm even sorry that this whole thing happened. Yes.


I'm sorry I put you in jail though. That's some shit you say at the crib. No You can sit there from jail. When, you have time to think Yo, I'm sorry I didn't put you in that po in that position. Yeah, But when you're in jail, you know that every single phone call is being Recorded. That's what I'm saying. Y'all believe that Tori shot her in the foot? Yes, Absolutely. You believe that? He said dance bitch that I can't say, you know what I mean? It's hard for me to believe that she would make that up. So if I had to put my money on it, I would say yes. It's Hard. It's for you to believe that she would make up saying dance bitch, If I begin from the premise that he shot her, then I have no reason. I'm trusting her account. And so then yeah, I would be, I would, I it's more likely that he said that then he didn't say that. I think that's scary. Alright. Right. So lemme hold on. Lemme ask, lemme ask you a question.


Very, so you said you have a hard time believing that she would lie about that. About that particular, that particular detail. Yeah. So when she went on there and Gail and lied that she even fucked him. I could totally see that. So It is clear that you will lie about some shit involving this dude. I don't think that she's above not telling the truth. I don't think anybody's above not telling the truth. But there are certain lies that people tell women often talk about. Women often get shamed for their sex partners. They often get that part discredit for their sex partners. They get judged for their sex partners. How many, how often? Who, you know what I mean? I could see that. And, and again, if it's just a he said, she said, I'm not saying lock him up for me. It's the she said it, she's the witness. Which is different. But Ma ma, I'm sorry but you just gave her an out.


What I'm saying is that if you lied about having sex with somebody, You can lie about anything you lied in front of gay You can't say Oh, I understand why she would lie about that. You going up there to garnish sympathy and to for whatever reason it looked like. But if you lied about fucking him, you lie, you, you capable of lying about anything. Sure. And I and that of fucking him is what led to the fight. Exactly. No, but but what I'm saying is if it was just her account, then I would say yeah, he shouldn't be guilty because it he said, she said But, but, but I'm saying if you add that, she's saying he shot me, which gotta count for something. Right. Okay. Because if you walk into me right now and shoot me, I, the the cops said, I said he said, she said, mark said When you shot. Nah. Like I got Shot. That's not as simple as that though. No, But there's another witness that it is not.


But you got another witness that says the little guy shoots the shoot shot her. You got Who witness said that? The dude from the window. The Neighbor. The neighbor that was in the window. He didn't say he shot it. He said he didn't say that. I saw a gun go off. And he said he saw the little guy with the gun. Right. So now, so he's in possession of the gun. That's After he wrestled her. He spoke to them the prosecuting Yes. And office And just say that was the case. Remember the driver said he was trying to take the gun from her. So if he was successful, he would be the guy with the gun. Yo. I don't even want to get into the, he say, she say part of this, all of them involved have reason to lie. True. Everybody there has reason to lie. So I'm not really going with who do I trust more? I'm just going with nigga thoughts.


For real. What is more likely Tori leaves the studio goes to Kylie. Jenner's house is having a blast. Think he about to get the foursome popping off. Meg gets jealous. we know how they got in the car. What's more likely that Tory was just so angered in that car that he took Kelsey's gun and shot her. 'cause there's a few people that listen. Some people know who's gun. It was like, listen, that, that why I, I I can't share how we know whose gun that was. So he took her gun and shot her. Why? Why was he so mad? Because that's the scary part. That's back to that whole man versus bear in the woods. Shit. Y'all think a man is just shooting a girl for no reason.


Gimme the reason. 'cause all 'cause the only reason we got was I said that I had more number ones than him. I shit on his career. You telling me now you telling me that the black male ego's a motherfucker though man. No, it ain't that much of a motherfucker. Yeah, that's it ain't that much. Or or what's more or what's more believable? Two people that was running around as best friends, new in the music industry. One gets covid, comes back, finds out, finds out. Her best friend is fucking a nigga that she is fucking on and, and they drunk and hot. That's the other piece of it. And, and this nigga just was about to get some Kylie Jenner ass. We just left there. We made him leave. Hey, get outta the pool. Come on, you come with us. That guy is shooting. No, that guy wants to go back. That guy wants to leave y'all and double back to Kylie Jenners as even if he drunk and high and his ego been bruise and he and he's angry.


I mean, people do crazy shit. So you jail's a fool with people that make irrational decisions. That's true. So you but you believe that is more likely than the girl's situation? I don't think they necessarily compete in stories. It, the beef could have started with them. With them, with them going at it. It could have been her gun. If it starts there then how does Tori end up in shooting somebody a again male ego get bruised, disrespect, frustration, high drunk, not all the way saying any of these things. I'm not saying he's not, I'm saying all this. I believe he's ill tempered. Yeah, I do believe he's, I've seen niggas get shot for and I'm sure y'all have for less than that. I've, I've never seen a celebrity do it. That's fair. I've never seen a celebrity shoot somebody for less. People that have a lot going on. He has a lot. He had a lot going on.


One of the hottest artists out now. Not as successful as her at the time. But I'm not you, I'm pressed to believe rapper Chris do tub. I just, I I really just don't think that all of that is being taken into account in this heated moment. Like you said, that is fueled by drugs and alcohol. But wait, in the heated moment, why is Tory heated? I got one number one, you might do this. Somebody tell me why Tory Lanez would be heated in that moment. So I popped you. I popped you. I'm the one that want to tell about it. Well, I can certainly see him being very annoyed don. Don't think I, I still think that it wasn't necessarily him intentionally shooting. If he did, in fact was the person that pulled the trigger. I think it was a Scuffle. Just recklessness scuffle. It was a bunch of fucking Uff or maybe Shot the ground and just actually You can actually scuffle and recklessness is still different than he shot me, which has been my beef with Meg this entire time.


Got you. Why would she make it up? Seriously? I mean, well first of all I think it's above her. I don't think she made it up. Okay. It's above her. She's a, she's a mere pawn in this. She's not, she's, this play is greater than her. She didn't make nothing up it. Hmm. I ain't gonna say who I think made it up. Okay. But it wasn't her. Okay. And who set the play to make sure it gets out that way and stays that way? Yeah. Well actually niggas out there know who it is. I ain't saying it on my bro. I'm not saying that shit. But I, I know exactly who it is. I know how that gun got there. I know who gun it was and I thought it was weird that the last time we talked about this shit, Kelsey jumped in my DM talking about, Hey don't, don't talk about this no more. Why you got immunity?


That's odd. It's just odd. Why wouldn't you want somebody to talk about one of the big biggest cases and have many years that, that was odd to me. Yeah. I think this is a scary state if that's what we think about of black men. It's a really scary state. But don don't think it's about how we see black men. I think it's black men. You just took one of, you just took somebody that's in the top 5% and said he'll shoot somebody because male ego is You said that. No, I didn't say it. I said it after he got locked up for shooting somebody. Like I didn't look at him and say that's the nigga that shoot somebody I didn. He did not get locked up for shooting somebody. Fuck. That's the, and that's really the problem. Like that's not what he was locked up for. What, what I'm Saying, and that's what everybody's emotions got involved when we're talking about the case is then did he shoot her?


Did he not shoot her? That's not what the trial is. That's Not what the trial is. That's not what the trial is about. But that's fair. But my point is, I don't, I don't believe that black men are prone to violence or more likely to shoot one, one person than another person. I just think in this particular case, given all the evidence, he seems inclined to do that. I don't think most black men are, I just think based on what I learned from him about this case, he seems like somebody That would do that. Okay. I don't know em, I can't, you know, I can't speak to it. I ain't gonna speak to 'em. I mean I ain't gonna speak to that part. Yeah. I don't know nobody well enough to know if they're gonna kill somebody or not. That's fair. Well some people do, but I don't talk about that anyway. Yeah, Listen, I mean like we said, it don't change the charge. Right. It don't change what you in there for.


I still don't think we'll ever know the real full truth unless some miraculous fucking ring camera comes out That, see that's the other part to me, I do believe this in this day and age, It's hard to believe nothing. There's no camera, no footage, nothing. Which further makes me believe in the, the political accusation of it don't really, I believe it bro. I think that the simplest answer is often the best one. Some things types things look complicated and it's a conspiracy. And sometimes it's just what it looks like. So. I agree. Just not here. Fair enough. Just not here. But I do agree with that. Something happened today. They got camera footage from everywhere in, in a matter of minutes. Good shit too. So What you think? Good, crisp. So what you think that it was like so that there was cameras and just the video evidence was suppressed?


Yes. Reason scandal I think got episode of scandal. So it's total conspiracy. I'm Not, no, I'm not saying. I just believe there's a reason we didn't see video. I agree. Think there is video. I would never know the reason. I agree. I believe that they found some that it's hard to believe you can't walk down the street. You can't without an Uber. You can't walk down the street without being on somebody's camera. I might be mistaken, this is a literal question, but didn't this take place in a, in like a lane way? Like an alleyway there? No, no, It was on the street. It was on the street. Okay. Like a residential, a residential Neighborhood. No, I know, I know the street that they were on, but I thought that the vehicle had kind of pulled out and ended up on the main street. But the whole altercation took place in like an alleyway. And if that was the fact, then I could see why there wouldn't be any cameras kind of, or very few cameras facing an alleyway.


If There was a accusation of it being at a bus stop that in particular, I would think that there would be some surveillance. 'cause bus stop absolutely is fucking public property, government property. But there'd Be blind spots, you know what I mean? Yeah, no doubt. Again, it could be a conspiracy. I don't know. I I tend to not believe conspiracies for the most part. Me too. How many, how many women? You Well wait, you married now or some shit? So let me, how many women are you familiar with from Texas? Oh, I spend some time in Texas. I've, I've dated women from Texas. How were they temper wise? The calmest women I've, I've I've ever met in my life. Especially ones from Houston. Are you being sarcastic? No. Yeah.


Yeah. I'm being enthusiastic. No, no. I I I get it southern. I get it. I get it. Shit. South, north people be hot, people be hot tempered, you know what I mean? But I, I get to Texas state. No, no, no more in the south. A bitches shit you than up here. And it carry down there. Everybody got a gun in, in Texas. It's a little different. That's true. They will back out on you fast. And if we, and and if this story is true and then I'll move on then Why, why are Megan Kelsey now speaking? I mean the whole sex thing is enough, right? Yes. I hate y'all. No, No. That would be enough. Hell no. Women, women have not spoken for less. Not no, but so fast. Hold on. When something traumatic happens, a lot of times that makes the situation men's the situation Mark Lamont Hill and I keep trying to leave this, I keep trying to leave It Mark Lamel if they're best friends and I'm rolling with your story of Tory Lane's ego with shot and he shot her.


Yeah. Yeah. That ain't the time that best friends stop talking. Shit. This, I stay here for you. I go to the trial and I'm not fucking with you no more. 'cause you still fuck my dude. That's, that's that. That's, that's the energy. Yeah. Yo Mark, stop it, Man. And that was, and that's That. would you Say? You mean you are a woman? What? No. Oh Shit There Mel. I just, I feel like I just walked Into something. No you didn't. No, no you didn't. I agree with you in terms of that being enough to completely end a friendship because of the fact that Kelsey was fucking him first and then Meg came behind her back. That is some serious betrayal shit. That is some shit. I would never speak to you again regardless of what, what unfolded.


But you Wouldn't shoot her. Yeah. So it's serious betrayal. But you wouldn't shoot her. Yeah. Not You can not speak to somebody, not wanna shoot them. Hey dogs, You can, you can't be like Yo. I don't fuck her no more. Like I'm Not gonna, there's people That would like to shoot definitely people I would like to shoot. But do I think But will I actually do it? No, but Can I say something? Hold on real fast. The people that you might really wanna shoot in the moment you drunk and high and got the gun, you think you're thinking logically or you thinking I'm gonna shoot this motherfucker Me. Yes, I am thinking logically, but You're drunk and High. I understand that. I have been drunk and high in many situations and I I walked out of it relatively unscathed.


I didn't beat anyone up. I didn't kill anybody. Why? I didn't do the, why Is it possible that, why is it impossible that Kelsey could not shoot somebody drunk and high? But, but wait. But man, I want to go back to what you said. You said that real quick, When, you had your accident, a lot of people reached out to you to check on you. Yeah. And you said even some people that you didn't think That would reach out to you. No, no, no, no. I it was the opposite. A lot of people posted about me but did not reach out to Me. Okay. I just wanted to make sure. Okay. Ga, what you gonna say, Joe? Yeah, but I think that that lens to what? And when she Sees him, she's gonna shoot him. No, but I think that that lens to what you were saying about the interview with Gail, why she would lie about having sex with him because of the shame that's often associated with women having partners and also fucking your friend's man is not the shit that you wanna tell the world you actually fucking did when your whole, you know, kind of persona is based on being a fucking girl's girl.


So, I agree with all of that. I agree with that. But wouldn't, that's a good point. But I but on top of that, wouldn't there be more reasons to lie? I agree with those being reasons to lie. I just think that there's more reasons to lie because that looks, that adds a motive To me. What he, what ended up happening is this situation became larger than life. And I do believe that there were, you know, like puppet masters in this whole situation and Meg was the, the one who was forward facing and she was forced to make, you know, decisions in real time and speak on things that she was not prepared to speak on. She's a young girl. She lost a, she's lost her parents. She's like, I think that so much pressure was put on her to be perfect and answer the questions That would be acceptable.


That she just, she made a lot of missteps and a lot of people penalized her for it. That's a really good point. And we, but if she lies, she deserves to be penalized. Y'all be putting all these fucking women's standards on slides. I'm outta here. I'm done. I'm done with y'all, y'all. All of those. I'm just gonna say one word. Patriarchy. Okay. But go on. That's the Word. How is that patriarchy? I'm not, it's not, it's not an example. But you wanna talk about not The system. Yeah, the system is 'cause it's a system where women, it's, it is the same shit with black men. Like if a black world gets shot, you can't be like, well he was a drug dealer because if you're a drug dealer, I still shouldn't get shot by the police. But we always gotta have him on a horse. We gotta show he had a great, he was going to college. We gotta say all this great shit about him because if not, then it's suddenly he's not a a, a sympathetic victim. Yeah.


Same thing with with I'm saying with with with Meg it's like oh if she fucked the dude, if she fucked the dude or she fucked her homegirl's dude, then whatever happened to her she deserves 'cause she's not the right kind of woman's. I saying What? That's the patriarch. A lot of people said that. A lot of people were saying that was, that was, lemme speak for myself. That was some public sentiment that she deserved what she got because she was fucking her friend's man. Okay, well Lemme speak, Talk to adults. We don't Feel like anybody, I'm gonna speak for myself. I'm not saying she deserved anything that that happened to her. We are just speaking on the who did it part and that key piece of information at the time. Finding out that Yo you was fucking on your friend's dude, your friend is upset and your friend had a gun And you're not to friend. It could create and you're not speaking to your friend anymore and y'all Still ain't talking.


So that could say, oh maybe the friend Shot you. That sounds a lot worse than It goes to motor. Hey This nigga has an ego. And it what I'm saying, bruised and I, I've Seen niggas do wild shit when they ego is bruised. It don't take a lot. I Agree with that. I do agree with that. I just don't think that When you hold it up against this other stuff that it holds. But I do agree with that. Male egos fragile as hell. That's true. Listen, I hate to sound like Ikea a lied about this M Tory Lanez found his fucking jail Pro pro tools. I'm fine, I'm fine. I'm sorry. I do want, I do want Tory to get come home 'cause I feel like it's fucked up but I'm getting the slaps slaps stupid. I'm here for the slaps.


If I ain't, if I, if I'm not having Thanksgiving dinner with none of you niggas, I am here for the slaps. That's it. Yeah. I ain't heard none of it is is it? Oh no. How good is it? It's, it's good. It's pretty good. I I heard like his engineers should get an award. I heard like the actual sound quality. It sound Fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. It sound like, sound like he in the basement studio. How you do that? They got technology. They outdated jail man. They got tablets. They got tablets. Yeah. My brother call me jail every day with a tablet. It's all fuzzy as, I can't recognize his face. This nigga making Gray May, I think May Adams did that to incentivize blacks to come to jail. Hey y'all, y'all got pro tools?


Shit now that's a conspiracy I Believe. Oh no, me too, me too. Listen thoughts and prayers to all Indeed. Yeah, indeed. Thought. And I do think we'll never get the truth. Don don't think so either. Unless, like I said, some of this fucking ring footage comes out somewhere at some point. The funny shit, if I'm toy, I might sue that bodyguard. You mean the driver? Yep. Why? Because if you're a bodyguard or you're security, then why are we here? Well, I mean he's really bad at this job. Is there a distinction? They said the, I mean really bad. They said the driver. They said driver. Well he said driver Slash bodyguard but that's, oh okay.


That's the other problem. Got It. Yes. Your driver should not be your, you niggas should hire a driver, not your man from and security from your hood and security. Not your man from your hoods. True bonded. You need a driver licensed and you need security. I don, professional. I don't professional for both. I don't care if the driver is licensed to carry. That means nothing to me. Right. Just Means you got two Guns. Y Yeah. You need two. Yeah, you need two separate. Because if that happens, don don't think any of this happens. Why is Tory the one that got get out, break this, fight up. Grab her. Why? 'cause you parking. Right. Hold on y'all. Hold on, hold on. First of all, first of all Andy, you hear, you hear these motherfuckers yelling and fighting in the background. It ain't a, a smooth Escalade drive.


That's true. Nigga When, you gonna jump in here. You here telling me I ain't got no slaps. I'm not, I'm number 97 on the charts. you know where My ego is? Yeah, You know what I'm saying? Say it again. Say it again. Say it again. But when is the hired help ever going to fucking intervene in something like that? A Professional. A professional. No, always. Huh? A Professional. A professional. That's what he's gonna do. He's he's there to deescalate these situations. Security. No Security. We talking about. Okay. Okay. We gotta make, we gotta be clear on the distinction. Was he security or driver? 'cause all it said was driver. He was both. Okay. Well, if he is not licensed and bonded and a super professional and he sees a gun come out, I am, I'm not getting involved. I don't wanna get shot.


That might have been his fucking sentiment as to why he did not get involved and why he didn't say anything. How many times are you having an argument with somebody and your driver is just looking face forward? And I'm not speaking about you, I'm just, I'm just talking about in general as being, you know, you know, high profile people, When, you driver is looking ahead. They're not looking in the rear view mirror. They're not paying attention. They're like my driver. He says yes. Said in, in the affidavit. I was the driver and bodyguard of Mr. Day Star Peterson. So he's occupying both roles. You dropped a fucking ball, buddy. Oh, you're terrible. Yeah. Terrible. Yeah. And I read this shit that Didn't get them to the destination an got Zero stars.


Right. Would not recommend. And I'll read this shit that Megan Cunniff sent out. We can, and this is old, this is from them not calling the, the driver's witness. We came to the conclusion that we're not gonna call him because obviously his testimony is gonna be putting the gun in the hands of Kelsey. And that's what he told all of us when we just didn't interview upstairs. At this point, my position was that the jury believes our theory. I think Sean Kelly already put the gun in Kelsey's hand. And if they're going to believe that he took the gun from him and you started to shoot it yourself, to me is kind of an absurd argument. I agree with that. Adding another person to say, who has adding another person to say, who has some connections to you as a security or a friend or whatever, they may link up, isn't gonna do anything.


So why didn't the defense call him as a witness? Because they, again, I think from what I read, it is just that they didn't believe that his testimony or whatever in the affidavit helped nor hurt. It's kind of still, We don't have any information to Reed. Will is, is with his defense attorney. I was about to say. That's who his beef is. Not fucking, I been pissed at my lawyer. I would be pissed at my fucking lawyer. And I hope that the lawyers that are handling his appeals are not, is not the same defense team. Because I would be screaming at y'all get that nigga on the fucking stand. I'd have to beef With everybody If I was toing. Well, obviously, but I'd be really pissed off that this is coming out now. And my defense attorneys did not think to put him on the stand. Just even if he gets annihilated by prosecution, you know, cross-examination.


I don't give a shit as long as it creates reasonable doubt. That's it. That is what I, what I think happened. 'cause I like I said this before, he definitely should have a beef with his attorneys. Because if you knew these was the charges and you knew what the evidence was, you should have took the plea One. Agreed. Everybody thinks that. Yes. Now, Now two. I also think that his defense thought that that neighbor was gonna say something different and they flipped them when they saw him coming off that elevator. That's what I, that's what I really, that was the turning point. I agree. So we don't need to call the driver because we know what the neighbor is about to say. And that's gonna clear, that's gonna create the doubt we need to beat this case. That is true. And when the plea, when the plea deal was, was given to them, their job is to say, this is, this is what they're offering and this is What you looking At.


And it's Tory, it's Tory's decision as to whether or not he wants or not. It's to ultimately who makes that decision? Not Here. If your lawyers are telling you, Yo, we don't stand a chance to win this. You, you take this plea. You take the plea. Or if the lawyer is saying, we don't need to call this person. You about override. Exactly. You paying these people. He paid a lot of money and lawyer fees. I really think that driver, I mean that neighbor being flipped was, was the turning point. And then by then it was too late for them. They're like, oh shit. He went up there and said, what? You fucked us Tory, myself, plenty of other black men out there have had horrible things happen to them from fucking some mid. So y'all be careful.


Y'all be careful. Yeah. That's all I got. No, no, no. That's it. I'm With you. Just being greedy with the Mid Blacks, nigga. It is fucking crazy. And the mid, a flip on you. The mid a flip on you like she bad. Oh. Oh. You be looking at her in the face. She she be talking, talking big baddy bullshit shit. You just staring at her fucking like mustache. Bitch. You got a goatee bitch. You got a beard. Yeah. And it. So I don't need you for nothing. Oh God. Prince Oil involved with that. Indeed. Indeed. What else? What else? What else? Puff is not having a good week.


What Happened to Puff Now Year. A Tupac's family camp Work. Yeah. Puff is, so they PAC's family has retained one of them. Shapiro a good one. A good Shapiro because it looks like they're looking to open up the investigation. His name is mentioned in the Kefi D Tupac shit. They're saying that he put a million dollars on PAC's head. So lawsuit's coming, They, well, they trying to do a little bit more than that. They're trying to find a direct connection And To validate what Kife D said and tie him into it. Mm. And then alleged excerpts from Kim Porter's book that she was writing have somehow hit the internet.


Ooh. Oh, y'all didn't see that I didn didn't see that. Didn't see that. I didn't see that. What? Well, that's why I stay glued to my phone during I got you. Oh, I got you. Let's see. And, it doesn't look the Greatest. These, these were, these were portions that were clipped out of the, yeah. Published Version. And this is alleged 'cause who knows if it was in there. Okay. Sean yelled, no. So who the fuck are they from? I was bewildered and told him, honestly, I don't know, probably just a fan. He threw the attached card at me. I picked it up to read it. Sean. I, he slapped me so hard. I hit the ground. Sean yelled, who the fuck were you with the other night? I looked down at the card that was lying on the ground next to me.


And it read the other night was amazing. We must do it again. I tried to explain Sean. He threw the flowers at me. That's not how this works. You have my child. You don't touch anyone unless I allow it. I pleaded with him. Sean, please. He yelled at me. What? I tried my best to calm him down. He probably didn't know it didn't come up. You're publicly dating someone else. So he screamed at me And. it somehow seemed even more intense. So you didn't tell him back off Sean? I didn't. And then outta nowhere he hit me with a chair. I don don't remember anything after that until I Woke up in the hospital room. My arm was in a cast hanging from a sling. My face hurt. My eyebrow was in immense pain, as was my lip.


As I came to, as I came to, the first face I saw was the man that put me here. Shit, It continues. I understand. I understand. You're angry. I glar at him as I cut him off. I'm serious, Sean. He spoke blandly with no energy. And tell them what, that you had a, that you had a car accident. They'll pity you that you hit your head. don. Don't know what tone he's speaking in here. He was going to make me look crazy. They were going to believe him. He was a kingpin. You are a fucking bastard. Sean spent the next six months helping me heal and working his way back into my life and into my bed. I was so damn stupid. And of course I wasn't cast for either movie.


From what I understand, the producer died of pneumonia Shit. Rest Peaces com Porter. Let's start there. Recipe rest, peace. Kim Porter and Pac and Biggie and Pac and Big. Yeah, for sure. Okay. Yeah. I got no words. Yeah, That's, I don't know if it's true or not. I mean, but the, the excerpt I'm saying Yeah, same. I'm not saying I don't believe Kim. If Kim said it, I believe it. But I don't know if that's an authentic, you know, thing. None of us do. But I will say after seeing the Cassie video, that's all we really need to know. To know that he's capable of something like that. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And it's, it's, it's, it's interesting because for decades now, we've known enough about Puff to be able to cancel him, to dismiss him.


And we don't, we, we don't, we we, we don't cancel him for jerking, you know, artist Stuff. Rappers, sorry. You, you, you, yeah. All, all meanings of that term. Right. Jerking rappers. Well, actually, actually the second meeting is actually what we have canceled him for. That's the interesting thing, right? Is that the, the domestic violence isn't what gets puff canceled. It's not stealing rapper's money, allegedly. It's not any of that stuff. It's suddenly when all these allegations come out and the allegations are tied to other men. Mm. Now all of a sudden and all the no Diddy stuff starts happening. You think he should have been canceled for stealing publishing? I think in our culture, if we're saying I'm not in our culture. Yeah. I think, I think as artists we could say we don't, we don't mess with him.


'cause he, he steals, he jerks us. Right. I mean, same thing. And I say that by all, not just Didi. I mean there's a million white motherfuckers that been doing it forever. We could say we don't mess with people that do X, Y, and Z whether it is domestic violence, whether it's whatever the thing is. Right? Mm. But we don't care. you know what I mean? If snitch snitches, if, if somebody, if somebody's a snitch, we stop messing with 'em. Even if they got slaps, we still say, yeah, but you're a snitch. That's, that violates our culture. I'm just saying not I, no, but not I understand what you're saying. But, but a lot of people do. Right. And, and that's beginning to change. Right. But all I'm saying is that maybe I wish we had a different code of conduct that also made this outside of the bounds of what's allowable too. That's all. Not just, oh wait, he, he, he sleeping with dudes allegedly.


Oh, then, yeah. Yeah. Because that seems to be the thing that you can't come back from in hip hop. Everything else is kind of inbound Damn near with Puff. I think with Puff it wasn't even that. It was, it was the Cassie video. Like Cassie's initial accusation is what started everybody. Yes. When she filed that suit, it was Oh shit. 'cause everybody believed her right away. Not everybody. No. Everybody Believed, didn't believe all, not everybody. And there was a bunch of people going online to, to say it's a money grab and you know, you Right. The typical thing that they fucking say, you Know, she was believed, but people felt that she was complicit complic. Right, right, right. They believed it happened. Yeah. Well, especially when the settlement happened so quickly. I think that's when the money grab stuff became a little bit more Rather than people looking at the fact that he settled so quickly because he did not want any more evidence to come out against him.


He Didn't settle quick enough. Right. He should have, again, lawyers, bad advice, bad, Bad time to Procrastinate. Right? Yeah. Yeah. You ain't have a strong hand to be negotiated. You should just wrote that check from the beginning. You know, it is funny, you talk about what we will and won't cancel someone for interesting debate that I've seen being had is Robert Downey Junior's criminal record. Yeah. Versus Jonathan Major's criminal record. I had just talk with my girl the other day and she brought up all of those time, ah, this guy's criminal record. And I was like, yeah, but one, it has DV on his shit. What were the accusations against Robert Dunny Jr.


Again? It was, it was drugs. There Was a lot of drugs. Yeah. Drug binges. He was, it broke somebody house and like fell Asleep. Long jacket. You didn't care about this A lot. Lot of, a lot of, but it was mostly drug. It Wasn't violent shit though. No, not that I've seen That is difference I don say say the wrong thing. That's a difference. A big difference. Yeah. And I mean, let me remind people that Robert Downey Jr. Wasn't all, it was a time where he had a hard time. Absolutely. Yeah. So In case you wanna do the whole race card thing that you do, Jonathan Majors, I do feel bad for him because it's what? Third degree assault, which means that you didn't intend to do this. Someone just got hurt in the process. But what do you guys think? What do you guys think? Robert Downey Jr.


Was announced. He's playing Dr. Doom and the Avengers. This Dr. Doomsday. Yes. 2026 Yo. As much as I hate it, I do think his fly to tease something that's two years away. Oh, they do way more than that. They, they at them festival, I mean at the conventions will put the whole slate up for you from like in 2022, they showing you shit that's coming out in 2027. I think more people should do that. But they're probably the only people able to do that. Yeah. 'cause they got the whole, you know, they, they're telling you we're tying everything into each other. But where, where do y'all fall on this stuff? I love it. Bringing him back. And there was rumors he was coming back to the MCU anyway. People thought they was gonna try to bring back Ironman or do something different.


For those who don't understand how he's able to play Ironman Ironman And, and Dr. Doom break It down. It it's, It's a multiverse thing. Like, I don't know how many people saw Deadpool in Wolverine. I went and saw it. I did too. I'm not really trying to spoil it, none of that shit. But Chris Evans appears. I saw Nerd shit. Chris Evans appears in the movie now. Chris Evans was formally Captain America in all of the movies appears as it's Johnny Storm, but he appears as Johnny Storm. Yes. From the Fantastic Four because it's in a different universe where this occurs. Like everything we know is y'all comic book fans know this part too Earth 6 1 6. That's, but these things are taking place somewhere else got so yeah. This, this person in another universe could look differently.


So, So kind of like dark matter the whole like going through the doors. Yes. Not dis similar. It similar felt like similar. Okay. That's the only reason why I can even understand what you're saying right now is because Dark Matter made it's multiverse shit. It's multiverse. It's multiverse shit. It's multiverse. Got It. This is wild. This is the coolest podcast in America. And y'all all turning the fucking nerds when y'all start talking about comic book, like all, all of y'all Dark matter, what the fuck is y'all talking about? It's only male ice and Parks to the nerds. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm a nerd. I I, I stand up in that mark. He Didn't watch Dark Matter. No, don don't Watch That shit. That was an excellent show minus the ending. But I digress. But watched. But the show was fantastic Too. I didn't watch Dark Dark Matter, but I did watch Dead Pull and Wolverine And you read all 'em comic books and stuff? No, Don don't read comic books.


Okay. You just watch the Show. I Just do the movie. That's mine and his beef, he's an MCU guy. I'm a Marvel comic guy and they're two different Worlds. They're two different worlds. Got you. Like I'm a comic book guy. So whatever was happening in the eighties and nineties, I could tell, you know about the comic book. I got you. They erase that shit. The eraser of comic books. It's now MCU and they look down on comic book niggas. No we don't. That's, that's why Our beef really stems from comic book Dudes look down on the tv, the film. That's, that's really what happens when we get to talking about the MCU, which started in 2009 with Iron Man one. That's where that really began. We get to talking about the MCU, they jump in and say, Hey, that ain't What Happened in the comic. That's not how it really happened in 1986 on page 34.


And we'll sit there and say Stan Lee ain't writing it like that. Right. So we'll sit there and say, Hey, that's cool, but this ain't the comic. But We don't care about Stan Lee and his legacy. Stanley Lee appeared at all the movies we do. Yeah, he was, he was Involved. He was involved up until his death. Yeah. Up until, no, he was being mistreated. But, And then after he died, shit be involved. Shit started going a little left. Shit started going a little left. I'm tired of all this multi universe shit. I'll be honest with you. I enjoyed the movie though. I had, it was funny. It was entertaining, but it Was a Deadpool movie with, It was a good bad movie. Yeah. I enjoyed it. I like, to me this was a Guardians of the Galaxy slash Antman movie. Meaning it's the glue behind the main movies. Yeah. Like this tied in all that multiverse, well, excuse me, multiverse shit that they've been doing.


So now When, you start to see other shit happening. If you watch this movie, you'll understand a little bit Better loop, sir. Loophole. This movie gave them a loophole To do Whatever the fuck they want to, they gave him an album, which I'm not mad at because the franchise is so financially successful and the biggest stars have all been killed off in, in endgame. So let's figure out how to remix this shit. And it iss. Good to see you, Jackman. It's good to see what ring. Yeah, that was Weird. But haven't they been battling like even I read that there was a line in the movie like, hey, you pick a find time to join. We're on a bit of a look. Oh yeah. Yeah. They said they, they did fourth wall shit. The whole Yeah, they, the whole, that's what Deadpool does though. He does That a lot and all, all movies. But this was even more, yeah, this Was way out. He took shots at Fox. They were really talking.


Disney bought it from Foxy. It was, It was good. It was entertaining. Jonathan Majors was supposed to be Kang in what? Everything. Everything. Yeah. He, and now there's no Kang. Anyway, He was railroaded Joe, you know that. So he was introduced shouldn't have Fucking white girl. Y'all niggas like fucking white girls. Go ahead. So What Happened. Not me. Not me. You talking about nigga, I'm cool. He was railroading nigga. I'm good. Well, I mean, man, listen, attention talks bro. They have to play the game. If they kept him, are they willing to deal with the negative attention that came with it? Yes. That's what any company does, bro. They have to look at this. All right, look, they go up there to they board and say, Yo look. What's the odds or what's the risk of keeping him?


What will we potentially have to deal with? How can this affect the bottom line? If they start making too much noise, boycotting and all that type of shit, then they'll say, Yo, we can, but this Is the biggert. Do real quick. don don't want to bo this out. This is the bigger picture to me that they could build you up and just take you down. Nigga do that shit right in front of our eyes. Well that's with him. Huh? That's America. Yeah. No, but I don nigga. But I'm not gonna, we have to put our foot down for something. I think Jonathan, Jonathan Majors Is that, excuse me, Jonathan Majors is that Well, we, yes, a little bit. Not that you Know how we put our foot down, but I'm gonna let you Finish. The nigga was, he was on his way. He was, he was dead. His face was everywhere. Yeah, absolutely. you know what I'm saying? And then they had the fucking video in 4K of how he tried to avoid this woman.


And now look, What, Happened to him, at some point, they just doing shit right in front of our faces to show that we control you niggas and we could do whatever we want. And I, I look at the Jonathan major situation as such, I may be wrong, but that's how I look at it. Because once that came out, it's been like, okay, he's vindicated. Let's, let's move on, let's bring him back. We seen a lot of people do things and they'll, they'll sit you down for a little bit and they'll bring you back. And if they don't bring him back, I think that they're just doing whatever they want. 'cause we niggas, I mean in, in fairness, you think that there's still, it's, it's been six months since the trial. This like, there might be room eventually for him to come. I Think he gonna be back. I just think this is his sit down period. Okay. I think it's just, this is a sit down period. Well, the way he crying on, on, on crying when niggas is talking to him and the way he's looking and dancing around.


Look like he just fucked up. Oh yeah. He, he having a breakdown right now. Be he be fucked, fucked up bro. He was, was on hey list to damn there. He was on a like he'd be fucked up too. You any, any of us would be fucked up or I'd be fucked up too, bro. I would do it off the cameras. That's all I'm saying. Just don't, don't do that no more there. Shit. All that shit. Don't do that. Just sit down and get out the way. Nigga was shaking his hand talking to me crying. Mid fucking red carpet. That's what I saying. I'm like, Yo nigga, get off the red carpet. Go cry, go home. Go cry in the corner. Yeah. Go home and cry. Go place to cry. Right at home. You have to cry. Go outside in Every one of these topics so far, all I'm hearing is pussy getting you jammed up. Yeah. And pussy will get you Jammed up and pussy will get you jammed up.


So how do you avoid it? Puff aside? 'cause he, that's D but Pussy is getting you jammed up. Well people let the pussy jammed up. It's pu it's not pussy because that that that it puy. I'll tell you why it's not pussy. I mean it's pussy adjacent. This is what I mean. Oh, this got Yo. What I like. Well, can I ask you a question before you, before you continue, do you believe all women? I believe all women that are telling the truth. Fucking answer. Take a walk. Hey, I got him. Hey, you got I got him. I got him. You got him? I got him. No, here's the thing. Here's the thing. I, and don't lose your train of thought on the pussy adjacent shit.


Got I just that to ask how does that ask him? Don't listen. This the look, it's the horny that's doing than pussy. Yeah. Tell me about it. Men and women are both capable of lying. Believe women didn't, didn't mean believe all women at all times in every place. That's what it has become. It's become like a caricature. They said they treated like that today. Yeah. Because that's what it's become. That's the extreme. That's the extreme argument. Right. Just take affirmative action. People say extreme argument is that every black person should get any job. That was never the thing. It was all qualified. Black people should have access to the job. Right. Believe women means that we don't begin from a presumption that women are lying. And the problem is when women would, for example with sexual assault, when they would say that they were sexually assaulted people would be be like, prove you were sexually assaulted. 'cause we don't believe you. What were you wearing? We don't believe you.


Why were you there at three in the morning? We don't believe you. So believe women, men, let's operate from a, in a cultural kind of mindset that says that all women are just as capable and just as human as men. And therefore we should listen to them and take their stories as credible and not as lying until proven otherwise. That's what believe women means. And and So, I believe women to that extent. That doesn't mean that every story is credible. Okay? But that's a black thing though, mom. I agree. Guilty to to proven it is guilty to proven innocent. That's a black, it's not just a woman thing. It is not. But even in black communities, black men, we often do that to black women too. Like, fuck was she with Desiree Washington? Why was she at Mike Tyson hotel at two in the morning, blah blah, blah, blah. Right. So even in our community, we, we double down on it instead of saying, look, white people don't believe shit we say so maybe we should listen to women more.


We do the opposite. That's all I'm saying. But you Know why people say those things though. Right? Not saying I do I fuck with y'all. But you know why they say it though? Why you talking about the history of black men being, Because there are people that I call I don. There are people that changed the story after the fact. Fact For sure fact. So this is why people will sit there and say, because people try to give this person a benefit of the doubt too. So it's like, you know what, I've seen instances where how this could be, okay, y'all did this and now she comes back 'cause she's upset or something and say something different. Right? And that's the same thing white people do when they find the, the, the most extreme example of black on black violence or a drug deal and a theft. Or they find the one welfare mother that went to three states and collected checks.


And then that becomes a stereotype for that. That becomes a stereotype for all black people or all black women. I'm just saying we don't, we often replicate white supremacy in our own communities against each other and against women. That's, that's all I'm saying. But again, I don't believe all women are telling the truth. But to the pussy adjacent point. Yeah. Yeah. But What I'm saying is when we say pussy gets you in trouble, it suggests that there's something inherently dangerous about women and and engaging women that puts you in this situation. And. it lets us off the hook. I'm saying that it's our response to, it's how we treat it. Like it's The horny. It's not the Pussy that that's it's the horny. Yes. Thank you. You said it a lot better than me. Yeah, it's the, it's the horny not the pussy. Right. It's pussy. Don You can get lots of pussy and not get in trouble.


Yeah. Right. That's true. you know what I mean? How, how was it the horny and the Jonathan Majors case? I'm not speaking to the Jonathan Majors case because That's what we were On. You were saying no, the the common thread. I'm saying it's not the common thread. 'cause don don't think that's the thread in with Tory Lanez. No. don don't know enough about the Jonathan Majors case to say whether that was or not. Got it. I'm just saying that in general, I don't think that that's the commentary. I think that those are very different, very different situations. And a lot of time it's how we respond to things. It's how we it's what we need. And, and, and nothing is more dangerous than somebody who didn't get pussy to be honest, real shit before they got on. Whether it's famous or a website or followers, whatever. However you got Mix. Well, I mean actually the horny can be applied to the Jonathan major situation because the whole idea, the the whole reason quote unquote behind the fight is because, well it was alleged that he was looking at texts and texting back and forth with another woman.


And that is what she saw. And that is where the fight started. So, But That's, how's that him being horny, Obviously he's horny for the woman that he's talking to in front of his girlfriend that he has not broken up with. That's the horny. You can talk to women while you're in a relationship. Oh, She can, but obviously what she saw, Nobody knows what she Saw. She knows what she saw. That's what set off Yo. Women get a lot of fucking and grace about things. Pardon me for a second. How, how do we know that her set off meter is at the right experience? We know, that's what I'm saying. you know, this guy was texting a girl and at the height of creed as the littest dude in the world, women be wanting the littest dude.


And then when lit, shit happens. Now it's the thing he's texting a girl, Cool, you texting a girl, but you're not you, you that bold to text. You're not what you, that bold to text a girl right there next in front of your Girl. Exactly. There's consequences. Whoa, whoa. Oh my god. When I say that there. Stop it. When, I say that there's consequences. It doesn't mean that what ends up happening is deserved. That's not what I'm saying. There is consequences for the fact that you are texting another woman in front of your woman and you might not know how she's going to react. I got you. And if that's the way she reacted, that's the consequence. You got it. Okay. I I'm, I'm with her. I think that there should not be consequences if you're just texting a girl.


I think before we speak about consequences, we should know the contents of the text. For sure. For sure. We shouldn't just, he was texting a girl in front of his girl who fucking cares. So if that's enough I know, but that's my next point. If that's enough for you to jeopardize all that you see going on. Especially if you calling yourself in a real relationship with somebody. Let's throw this whole kit, kitten, caboodle down the toilet. 'cause you were texting a girl, please. I mean, please, no, nobody thinks that they're throwing it down the fucking drain. They're thinking in the moment. This can go back to the whole to and Meg situation of as to how like, you know, the situation just can become so heated in like the blink of an eye.


That is what took place in this car. He's texting a woman in front of his girlfriend. He, this is also an indication of maybe some dishonesty and that she's got one foot outside the door. But he's not articulating that. Do you know how upsetting That would be to a person? Not necessarily even a woman. Okay. So that can lead to A becoming heated. He don't, he she, She's not thinking, my God, we're gonna have the biggest fight in the world. It's gonna result in me being fucking harmed. And he's gonna go to court and your career and your career's gonna be fucked as a moment. He's not thinking that. He's not thinking that. He's texting another woman in front of his girlfriend. She gets pissed. Shit goes down. It Would be a whole lot of lines. Just for bitches is nuts. There's too many words.


Bitches is nuts. That's a nuts decision to make. To me. I think that that is wild decision. Lemme lemme just let just ask you why is that just a nuts distance? Why you couldn't wait to get home to text her? Like why you couldn't wait till you're away from her to text. I'm j just if if it was just the text that set her off. We don't know What Happened. We don't know if she, she caught him texting this girl before. We don't know anything. If the foul I'm with y'all. We don't know that though. That's why I'm not with y'all. Or if the recipient is foul. Well I think the re Oh yeah, yeah. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. She might not have read shit. Just might have seen Amanda's was Whoever. I'm just Talking That's I'm what I'm saying. Or maybe and also might have seen the name and Drew what?


Saying drew some conclusions. What as to what's really actually Happen if you've even kept doing this thing. Thank you. Right. So but Here's the thing. That's what I'm saying. But one applies to one and one does apply to the other. So you're saying that it's a consequence, like she's not thinking in future tense that this would happen. But sometimes women and people expect men to think had to think in future tense. Like to avoid the issue. Sometimes a lot of people say that, that, well you should have thought about that before you did this. Or you should have said that's hypocritical. If she didn't like some, he probably, he, he also didn't think that it would go like that. He also didn't think by being in this car, I got the biggest movie out being in this car, texting whoe, whomever, that my girl act like That. No, he thought like that he was running for his life from Sure.


No. After she Started, He wasn't, he didn't, Hey crazy psycho white bitch, get away from me. You about to ruin my whole future. After, After. Not initially. I don't think he initially thought that Joe don don't think he I know because I don't think the text he was send was that foul. Yeah, but what if it was, and that's question that's don't think the Texas send was that foul. We don't know what it was. It's Fucked up man. But you taking the stands for men though. I'm, I'm going to stand for men. When they getting jammed up. Niggas is getting jammed up out here. Mom Don't see it like that. That's A lesson. No, no. I I understand that. Mark and Mel, you know, mark and Mindy. Mark and me. Damn. What the fuck was that about Yo men out there And you have to learn this.


You have to leave the end. True. That's it. You have to leave. That's it. You can't be around the the girl that's angry, the girl's emotional, the girl's going through your phone. The girl that's seen something, the girl that's throwing shit at you. The girl that's creating mess. The girl that is gonna weaponize your success against you. Like all of that shit is found the fucked Up shit about is that it's all found is gonna sound crazy, but toxic women are some, it's Good. I know nigga to hide good Pussy Is good behind toxic Pussy is the best They get to hide. So a lot of, a lot of niggas, it's a, it is a high When. you fucking with toxic pussy, you know that there's a thrill in the moment. I'm with you. I love a toxic bitch. Hey, I'm the one that's gonna hold it down. Can I just say one word here? Yes Ma'am.


Consequences to fucking wear toxic puss. Consequences. You take that shit on. Okay. It's on you. Accountability. That's a fact. Whoa. you know what's funny? I'm gonna start saying that to y shit. Y'all about toxic dick, Bro. We talk, look, we Start saying that to y'all anyway. Kicking the toxic dick. And then consequences coming from picking the toxic. Absolutely. There are tons of consequences for It. We've had this conversation with a friend about a girl that he was courting or whatever and was like, Yo, she crazy. You sure you wanna do that? What might come with that? He still did it. And The crazy came Out. Oh yeah, Amani don't care. Well, I wasn't saying that. I wasn't doing that.


Amani don't Care. I wasn't doing that. Yo, Amani was away for somewhere. And somebody that he was fucking with just happened to be back at the house and was talking to me. She was talking and she was talking and she was talking. And as she kept talking, I said, oh Shit, she's nuts. This bitch is psycho her than maybe anyone knows. I need to alert my friend. So Armani comes back, I pull up inside, Hey, hey big dog. That girl, she was talking to me about you When, you left. Here's some of what she was saying. I want you to know she's a little crazy. Are you gonna continue to deal? Yeah. Yes. That's My bad.


Yeah, I The king. Why do y'all make that choice? It's the thrill. Amani would need to answer for it. But we, everybody in this room said y'all, y'all did it. Right. I've run From top done. Those girls have almost ruined my life. Double Digit amount of time. But you ran from The Even I didn't learn the first time. I didn't learn the second time. What draws you to it? I didn't learn the third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth time. It took 14 times to say, oh, I can't, that's me. I think that if you continue the behavior, your your lesson's coming. you Know what? I think it's, and real quick, I think it's deeper than that. And I don't want to get too deep, but I felt like Psycho lick your nipples good. It's, it's something that's missing in your life.


And so that's where I was going. That's where I, that's what I'm saying because When I thought about somebody coming to my crib and shit like that. It was the attention that she was giving me. The fact that you go this far for me or to get my attention. That's what I liked about it. And her pussy was good. Yeah. you know What I'm saying? My psycho bitch was cooking four kids and Uber and a little plate. She put the plate in the Uber, send it over to me whenever I was hungry. It'd be something in us that draws us to that chaos. you know what I mean? Yes, absolutely. I'm I'm decades past that chaos. I'm happily married in, in not single, but When I was single. Like that was like, that was the, that was drawn to how did, because you don't like, unless you putting up a facade, how did you handle it? Come on, Come on, come on.


YI think you should leave the Premises If you don't leave. No, he hit he in with a man. Ma'am. Yes. You don't need to do this ma'am. You don't need Why? Why are we doing this? What Are you getting out of this? Oh, oh man. you know, it's Mr. Long I don remember man, You man right there, man. Don't let them see n niggas fool you. Right. They felt guilty in New York related business. If you're, if you're listening and you're from another place, You can either hit the little 15 second skip button or just cut the shit off completely.


But this next topic is near and dear to my heart. I'm extremely hurt, saddened and disappointed by this. But it is only New York business. And I do have to speak to tradition up here. So I will play it. This one fucking hurts bad. This one hurts New Yorkers niggas. That's cool. Niggas that left the club to get some pussy or left the club to hit a little diner.


Neptune Diner story Is of very own. This one hits home for me too. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Neptune Diner in Astoria. Yeah Man. Right there under the train. Y'all know spot. Y'all know, y'all know where it's at. Hey, if you cool and you're in New York, you know this diner. You've been there before. Okay. What Happened. You had a slice. It's no longer, It's Over. It's no longer Take 35 years. They were there. Yes. They raised the the rents something outrageous. They're gonna build some luxury high rise. Shit. Damn, This one really hurts. You know where it is. The one before the bridge. I Know. Now I know Neptune Diner. I didn't know it was closed. Everybody, all niggas get robbed at Neptune. Donna. Yes. This is the danger nigga. I can't believe they getting rid of Neptune Diner.


That hurt also in New York News. The Starbucks right there on fucking as master Place after place. Yeah. Crazy. Crazy. And they did, and and, and they didn't raise the rent there. They really, they did not raise the rent. There thought Starbucks Leaving rent too. That Starbucks on Astor. Right. Aster is no longer it's boarded up the news. Went out there and tried to investigate and the owners was like, nah, we didn't raise rent. We, we, we just gave em contract and nothing happened. So rest in peace. Starbucks over there. But more importantly Neptune Diner on fucking Yeah. Ben Historian man. Damn. All Right. You wanna get the rest of the rest in pieces out right now, like real rest in pieces.


Dj. Yeah. Might as well do it. DJ Polo. Rest in peace. Legend. Legend. Legend. Rest in Legend. Going to soon. Rest in peace. DJ Polo. All the Chino XL News broke my heart too. Yeah, Man, That absolutely broke my heart as a, as a young nigga when Chino dropped. I was in Jersey. He was in Jersey too. I think actually at that time he was lyrical miracle for us. I feel like he's one of the first people I saw really blow up off of like freestyles and lyrical. Just, it's true. Rappy, rappy, rappy, rappy, Rappy. It's, it's true. Anytime I saw him, like complete gentleman, like just a sweetheart and just loved this rap shit.


He just absolutely loved this rap shit. He loved me too. This ain't about me. And he loved Jersey. He loved the West coast. He did Chino xl. A lot of, A lot of us. A lot of us were, a lot of us were in pain with that news. 50 years old. Years 50 50 years old. Rest in peace to Erica Ash. Yeah. Yeah. From Survivor's Remorse. I think she was 36. No, she was 46. 46. Died from a long, long belt with cancer. She was an incredible actress. She was in Survivor's remorse. She was in the real husbands of Hollywood. She's done a ton of movies. She was in this movie called Skin in the Game. She she really was beloved in Hollywood. Everybody loved her. Yeah.


And I was like, Didn't know she had a lung bowel with cancer. Yeah. 46. So young. Is there anybody else that that passed this? This Because Al Powell, these deaths. Who? Alma Powell. Alma Powell. Alma Powell. Who's Alma Powell? Colin Powell. Colin Powell's. Colin Powell's wife Rest in Peace. Alma Alma Powell. Listen man, this life thing is fragile and short. Live it up while You can that Chino shit hurt. They DJ Polo shit hurt. They both hurt. They both hurt. And. it just hurts anytime you lose someone. And possible to segue from that to Sway Lee's stupidity. But here we are. Here we, here we are. Sway Lee is encouraging people to not vote for Kamala Harris.


We have not heard from Sway Lee in some years. Shit. We ain't heard from Slim Jimmy in some years. Facts. No. They dropped last year. Was that last year? Yeah, I guess it was last Year from like four was last year. Oh, that was quick. That was short. Did I like it? It was all right. I don't know what you thought about it. It was all right. I Being decent. I like Ray Schrier. Yeah. In music, not politics, right? Yeah. Why do, well, let me not ask stupid questions. Got it. I know why all the rappers wanna be. Oh, I got it. Yeah, I got it. How do we feel about Sway Lee saying don't vote for Kamala Harris. It wasn't Even 'cause you put black people away.


That Wasn't even a funny part for me. 'cause he kept going. Oh Did he? Yeah, he started off, he said don't vote for Kamala. Do your research on that whole camp. I pay over a million in tax dollars every year. This man sent it to a whole nother country. Those little dollars that come off your checks, they gave it away. Think about that. The money we sent away, every American citizen could have got minimum 200 grand. That's where it got funny to me. Oh Well see now that part I agree with that is the part I agree with them niggas sent out, not them niggas 'cause I don't know who did it, but it's a whole lot of money going Guess guess where that money would n even if they kept it where it would never Go hold. No, I'm clearing that. That's all. I'm, I'm clearing that.


Do you know how This works? I just think that over here, like the homeless issue, the unemployment issue and the broke issue, like there is a reason to maybe cut a couple of, give niggas some per diem over here in America. Give niggas some America per diem. Like just for being here. So No, they need niggas broke. I'm, I'm good with the per diem. I'm good with the the critic look, with the criticizing the Kamala. It's not just Sway Lee. It's Lil Pump did the same thing. Lil Pump, I woke, I Woke up yesterday on Twitter and he's saying if you don't vote, if you vote for Kamala, then you're not black. Is he black? No. Yes. I was gonna say the same thing. That's what makes it So I mean. I get he was playing on the whole Joe Biden showing up on the breakfast club thing, trying to kind of clown.


But one, you're not black so you shouldn't be in that conversation. Like that's not the joke for you to make. Let a black person make that. There's enough black people to make that joke. If you wanna make that joke and You shouldn't joke if you little pumped. How about that? You shouldn't Make jokes. If you're a little pumped, you're a little pumped. Right? Yeah. Enough. I I think I'm frustrated that people should vote for who they wanna vote for. And I think You can make arguments for whatever. It's just they're putting out so much bad information and it's dangerous to have a big platform and put out bad information. There's a lot of arguments for not voting for Kamala Harris. There's a lot of arguments for not voting for Donald Trump. A million of them make 'em. But like When, you have this platform don't just say shit and they just say shit like the this everybody's kind of pushing the Kamala Harris locked up all these people. If you actually look at her record, and I'm not defending Kamala Harris.


I I've been criticizing Kamala Harris since she was Attorney general, but it's not true. Right. She's just not locking up a bunch of people. She actually tried to advance legislation to limit weed, weed carriers from getting locked up. you know, there's some, again, she did some shit. I don't like, I'm not defending Kamala Harris, but I'm saying they're putting out so much bad information to kind of encourage particularly black men not to vote for Kamala Harris. But that is a campaign strategy, right? Bad information or misinformation. Yeah. Yeah. And I could, and if and if it were a Trump camp doing it, cool. If it's a lil punk, you know what I'm saying? If it's sway Lee, I'm like, why, why do you wanna be part of this? But not to cut you off? No, please. That could still be the Trump camp. Oh, I'm sure it is. And I'm saying these guys sell out and they sell out so cheap.


you know what I mean? Like, some of 'em are selling out for a hat. Some of 'em selling out for a day, a day in the news cycle. Some of 'em got cases. A tray bag. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's a, you know, at least when Wayne took that hostage photo next to Trump a couple years ago, we know what time. Look, I ain't like it and I still don't respect it, but I understand it. I get it. Yeah. I get it. And I can't say I wouldn't do something different if I was looking at same a trillion years. you know what I'm saying? I might, that's How I feel about Kodak As well. Same. I I can understand that at least. But these cats are just doing it to do it. you know what I mean? And, and I, it's hard for me to separate that from the fact that it's Kamala. 'cause some of these people didn't say shit when it was Biden. And now that it's ka y'all got something to say. I don't like that either. I'm in a weird position where I don't, I've never been a defender of the Democrats in general, but I have to defend Kamala from these racist attacks, from these sexist attacks at the same time that I'm like, Yo, we should be asking her some tough questions, but like, not these questions.


And that's why I'm frustrated. Do you think that Trump will end up debating her? No. If I had to bet, if I had to bet my money right now, I'd say no. Really? Really? Yeah. I'd say no. Yeah. He, he, he has nothing to gain from it. Do You think that he's gonna be able to avoid that for the what? There's four months left. Yeah. Before the he can avoid don Don't think anybody else could. I think he could because he has no, he can't gain from debating her. He basically, it's like, it's like, I hate to use this example because I love her, but All right. Remember when, when, when Sheather came out? Yes. That should have been the end of it. Remember the follow up record? No, exactly.


There was a follow up record. You tried the back to backer. Yeah. And. it did not work. It was not, it was, it was really? Yes. This is my point. I don't remember that one. Go, go back and listen. You'll be you, you'll just make you wanna listen. Sheeter Sheather did it. Sheather did it. It was enough. Yeah, that was fine. That debate for Trump was sheather. He, I mean, there's nothing, he's not good at debating. He's not good at talking. He lies every time he gets fact. There's nothing he could do to have a good performance. Again. Like that one Trump handed, I mean, Biden handed him a victory. Yeah. Mm. I wouldn't go back up there again if I was him. 'cause he is not trying to persuade people. He he's winning Now. If he were to fall back in the polls, if Kamala keeps climbing now, he might have to debate.


Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Because there is a lot of steam behind her right now. Yeah. But she ain't get hit. She ain't, I hate to use this metaphor, but she ain't to use Mike Tyson metaphor. She hasn't been punched in the mouth yet. True. Right? True. But I mean, like what did this just start? She Biden just stepped down, what, two weeks ago? Yeah. Maybe Less so when they, when the dirt comes out, when the smear campaigns come out. When the lies come out. Oh, it started, let's see where she is on Twitter. Oh, for sure. Yeah. But, but that's still love taps when the, when the heavy stuff comes in. Right now they're calling a child, you know, a childless Cat Lady, a childless cat lady. Right. Which, All right. That's funny. So I like cats. So I. Hold. That's funny. I like cats Yo. That's funny. I know if you know, that's Funny. But, but, but what they're try to frame her as somebody who's so outta step with American values.


'cause she doesn't, they're saying you don't have kids so you can't understand American families. You can't understand the values of family or the emotions of family because you never had a child. Right. Which is ridiculous for so many reasons. One, one, she's a stepparent, but two, like what the fuck do that mean? I mean, You can understand fa first of all, You can understand family without having kids. She was in a family man. She was a kid. A mark, mark a mark mark. Enough enough of this. Believe all women crack Step Kids and your kids ain't the Same kids to say you don't understand families. I'm saying families look a lot of different ways people understand. That's what I'm talking about. Got that. That that's what I'm not saying. That step being stepparent seems as being a parent. I'm saying that You can understand, first of all, family values. Family values.


First of all, you don't, she was in a family. She was a child. She had a parent. Like family values ain't just When you once you have a kid. you know what I mean? Donald Trump ain't never been nowhere near the military. But they say he could understand the troops. Right. He didn't serve in the military. He was never a soldier. No. He was actually a draft dodger. So He was draft dodger. Yeah. But they still let him be commander in chief. I'm saying like we make up these new rules. Suddenly you, you can't, you can't oversee American families 'cause you don't have, you didn't give birth to a child. But You can oversee the military, which was supposed to be the biggest priority. You ain't never been in the military. You, you dodge the draft. Same thing with to Obama. Same to Biden. Not dodging, but not, not not being in it. Draft Dodgers Not the biggest light to me. I would do it too. Oh, I would dodge that motherfucker like Yeah. But but again, but I don't pretend to believe in it.


Got it. You can't say I love America. Patriotism. Overall, you're courageous. Trump does everything he can to disrespect the soldiers. Right. When, when he went against, when he was facing John McCain, when John McCain was criticizing him and he was like, you can't criticize John McCain, he's a war criminal. I mean he's a, he's a war hero. War. He disrespect. He was like, why am he got caught? He's like, he not hero. He Got caught. Caught. He played this shit. He played John McCain. Why? While is John McCain lying? No, he, He's dead. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You that that's what politics get. Ill, they don't care if you about to die nigga. Right. Don't just shame your life. Exactly. Exactly. And Trump has no, don't play by the rules. And his camp is just gonna come after Kamala harder and harder and harder. And there are too many people I think, that are worried about, I I think her gender and her race are gonna, are gonna play a very different, unfortunately, unfortunately gonna play a very important role in whether she gets elected or not.


I I I'm not sure she can win this race. don don't think she can win this race as of right now. And I think that's the main reason why do you Think with the right VP it can help? Nah, that shit don't really, It don't matter people, People think it mattered. The wrong VP can hurt you like Sarah Palin hurt John McCain. Do you think Vance will end up hurting Trump? Yeah, that's what I've been seeing. He's, yeah, because And it don't, it don't look like it. Don't look like Vance is gonna make it all the way through. It don't. And Trump will drop Every other day. Some shit come out where Vance is just fucking shit saying it's crazy shit. Yeah Because he says the wrong shit. Remember he was a person who didn't like Trump in 2016. He hated Trump. He was very vocal about it. He was a never Trumper. So again, your VP can hurt you, but it's hard to get a VP 'cause you don't want a VP that outshine you too much because that also can hurt your campaign.


'cause then people are like, why we ain't get this guy? you know? And, and So I don't know. The best thing You can do is get a, is get a VP who carries a state for you. So JD Vance is trash, but he may help pull Ohio 'cause he's the senator from Ohio. That's why you picked JD Vance. So that was the logic of it. So now she's looking at Josh Shapiro from Pennsylvania. She's looking at Mark Kelly from Arizona. you know, her campaign manager is the, is is the governor of Michigan, which they desperately need. So if I were her, I'd be, I thought they said Shapiro wouldn't take it. I think he would take it. People always say they won't and, and then present it to him. Exactly. Yeah. don don't think it's a good choice. I, I think ultimately I would make me less likely to vote for her.


Who do you think would be a better choice? Mark Kelly, Arizona. Okay. He's, because when you're a black person running, people already assume you don't know what you're doing. Yeah. So you have to make America feel comfortable. America feels comfortable, When. you see a, a a, a white man standing next to you. Obama picked Joe Biden for that reason. Joe Biden wasn't a winner. He lost in 88. He lost in 2000. He lost in 2008. But he looked serious and he knew his business and he was a veteran. Mark Kelly is a white man. His, his, you know, his wife was in a tragedy in Arizona. He, he's, he's a former military. He's an astronaut. I mean, that don't get no whiter in American fucking astronaut. you know what I mean?


So if you want feel comfortable that if Ka don't know what she's doing, she got a white man behind her. Which is unfair. But that's how we think. You talking about the VP or husband? The Vp. The vp, yeah. Her husband is something else. But that's a whole other story. But, but if, do you think that she should tuck her husband in the basement somewhere until November? No. No. I think that makes it's a, it's, it is weird. You wanna spread that white love. No, it's not. No, it's not that. Because you Wanna be proud of that white Love. No, it's not that. It's because right now she's being accused of being an antisemite and her husband is Jewish, so Yes. She needs him. I didn't hear the antisemite. Oh yeah. No, it's because of the whole, The Netanyahu thing. 'cause she didn't show. Yeah. So again, that's the type they're trying to cast her as a radical. The truth is, Kamala Harris ain't nowhere near radical. They never with Barack too. Yeah.


That's what they do. Yeah. And Barack was closer to a radical than Kamala. Kamala is centered the road on everything. And even Israel Palestine, she has a terrible position. don don't know. I've never heard at all. She, she, I I, she doesn't talk about it much now, but she talked about it before she became vp. Okay. She has bad politics on this. She's exactly what they should want. But they, they want to, they wanna scare America that, and they, you scare America by saying this crazy black person's gonna come and do this radical shit. So her husband makes her look less radical. Right. They make it, you know, black people, I don Dunno how black people gonna feel about it. But white voters will feel more comfortable. Jewish voters will feel more comfortable. It's hard to say you're anti-Semitic When. you marry a Jewish guy. Right. And, and he's not like a radical like Jewish voice for peace Jewish guy.


He's like a regular mainline support Israel. They say about black people, like, we can't be Jewish. Which is unfair too. Right? They call whoever Antisemite, that's their chip. Yeah, yeah. I agree with you. Yeah. So I think I I think it's going, it is going to, it is gonna be an interesting race. And they keep recruiting not to change the subject, but they keep recruiting people like the Amber Roses of the world. So here we go. you know, you know what I'm saying? Here we go to, to, to, to make, to make one first, to make Biden look like a bad choice. Now, to make maybe Kamala look, When, you get black people or people of color to say, don't vote for Kamala I rock or Biden. That takes away the sting of an argument that Biden, that Trump is a racist.


Yes. So you start recruiting people. Oh, well, Trump's not racist. We got, you know, I'm black and I know he's not racist. I've, I've tested, I've done the research. He's not racist. When, you start to do that. You, you, you start stripping away votes. If, if Kamala needs like 94% of the black vote and probably I would say 88 to 90% of the black male vote to be, to be successful here, she ain't gonna get that. She don't get that. She's not gonna get 90% of black vote, black male vote. For sure. Niggas love Trump. Okay. So yeah, we've talked about project 2025 up here and one of the things that Trump was literally just on the campaign talking about was about getting rid of qualified immunity and just making it blanket immunity.


Whether or not he can actually do that. It's part of the project 2025 plan, isn't it? Like, kind of like voting against your best interest, like your best interest to stay alive, to vote for Trump as a black man, as a black person in general, but specifically black men. People don't with that one thing. I mean, sure, but people don't vote their reality. They vote their, they vote their dreams and they vote, vote their, their hallucinations. I tell you like That's a bar. It, it, it's fascinating to watch, like, like if you look at like poor white people, I mean, there are, I mean, really poor white people in like West Virginia, Tennessee, people that make $5 an hour, $6 an hour, they will vote for Trump and vote for laws that keep them poor.


They will, like, for example, even like some of the tax law, they, they like, they, they want, they, the, the death tax for example, it's not really a death tax, but basically if you, if if if you pass on a lot of money to somebody else, you get taxed for it. Wealthy people, like I shouldn't get taxed with passing on When, I, When, I got my 50 million I wanna pass on to my son, I shouldn't get tax for. We're like, no, if you're creating intergen or you're maintaining intergenerational wealth over there, you gotta pay this new generation of people need to pay their fair share and, and, and do it whether you agree with it or not. That's, that's what creates roads, that's what creates schools, that's what creates libraries. Okay. But they get poor white people to sign up for that to say, yeah, I want that because even though don don't have $50 million one day I might, and When I do I want that law protected?


I want that too. And I don't want you people taking my money. And they racialize poverty. So they think of, they'll, they, they'll close ranks around their whiteness at the expense of their class position. In other words, they still think they're better than me. Yes. They still think they're better than you. And so they want the law to make sure that you don't get their money even though they don't have any. Yeah. I have a question for you. Yeah. Can you see anything positive that Trump can do for the country? Yes. Say a golf club, the golf fucking club's gonna be lit for real. He, one thing that Trump, Trump is so hands off, Trump is so hands off that there are ways that for, I'll give you a concrete example.


War. Trump doesn't like war. Not 'cause he has a conscience or 'cause he's a moral, but there are moments where he's like, that's not our business and we don't make no money off of that particular war. Whereas Biden is a little more hawkish on certain issues. So one of the things that Trump will do is be like, that's not our fight. Leave him. Leave him alone. And I think there's moments where we, even though I agree with that premise, it's for a different reason. But at the end of the day, if we can not go into another war and not send more money overseas to, to sway Lee's point, that might be a good thing. Yeah, I agree with that too. Yeah, I do. Yeah. But, but it's not worth it. It is, it is not, it's not worth all the other shit Trump is going to do. Okay. That that's right. And that's my frustration to all you people out there that are saying Joe Biden is racist or Joe Biden doesn't do this for poor people. Or Joe Biden's giving too much money to Israel, or Joe Biden doesn't care about reparations or Joe Biden.


I agree with all of that. What I don't understand is why people think Donald Trump is gonna do better or do more in those areas. The STEMI checks. Right. Fucking checks so many. I see. You think it's really that I see so many fucking people using that say that they like I had more money when Trump was in office. That's literally all they say. That's their entire argument. I was like, yeah, but if blanket immunity happens, You can be dead soon. You're gonna be spending the money that you have or don't have. So you said there's a video of Trump talking about blanket immunity. Yes. He gave, he said a speech, not he gave a speech. Not only that, not only that speech. He said after these four years, you guys don't even have to worry about voting that fuck me. Do you know what that fuck He Heard that. I was like, I need, that was why So I gotta break that down because I what I think it mean, I it can't Mean that No, that's what it means.


It means the complete eradication of democracy. It's over like You the king now. Yes. That s dictatorship that this Camp tried to clean it up, but I Don't know if I believe that that was one of the worst cleanup. Cleanup. Well, how did they it up? Well, He didn't. He said, oh, because he'll do such a great job that you will have no confusion about who to vote for in the future. Yeah. No's not what he said. Right. He tried to save it, but yeah, Trump don't believe in democracy. He been saying it from the beginning. When I get elected the first few days. Basically I'm put the cons, I'm gonna throw the constitution out and I'm just gonna do shit. Then he said he was joking about that. Then he said, you don't need no elections. Are you joking about that? Or you misunderstood. Trump does not believe in democracy. These Supreme Court decisions we just saw last two weeks are crazy. And they're, they're to defend Trump. One of them, and maybe the most important one is basically saying that you can't prosecute a, a, a, a former president for basically crimes that were done While they were In office.


While in office as long as their official business. So, And who's to determine what official business actually is? The president. The Okay. Literally the president. So what that means in, in a very practical way is if Joe Button right now, no, excuse me, Joe Biden right now. Or button Yeah. If Joe Biden right now were to say, you know what, I don't like anybody on this podcast and I think they're a threat to national security and he dropped a bomb on this building. He could just do that. Now we might disagree. There might be human rights violations, the international community might come, but we couldn't criminally prosecute him for that because it was official business. He could execute, he could assassinate Trump right now based on the Supreme Court ruling. And as long as he says it's in the interest of the nation, it's in national interest.


He's protected. They did that law to protect Trump from being prosecuted because he basically put that, he appointed that Supreme Court basically six to three. Now they have a Right. So, so basically it's becoming more and more like a kingdom and less and less like a democracy. That shit is scary. There's a reason why he like, you know, Putin is like his fucking buddy. He looks how long has Putin been Forever, decades now. Right? With just a very small Yeah. With a very small break where he technically he wasn't president, but he still was. Yeah. He admires dictators. Yes. Trump admires dictators. And I think that's the appeal to it for a lot of black people, especially brothers that I talk to, is there's a thing that Trump does that becomes our vision of freedom. I think I said that last time I was here.


Like, our idea of freedom is being like them is, is like being like a Donald Trump. And so we were like, shit, I, I'm voting for more of that. But again, we're voting, our imagination is not our reality. So by voting for a Trump, you make it actually less likely that you could become a Trump because they, they're not trying to share the wealth and spread the wealth. They're trying to make sure that the wealth stays with them. And that's what rich people do. They keep the wealth among themselves. All powerful people do So, I don't know man. I'm not optimistic. You're not rolling with Amber. I love Amber. We go way back. She's from Philly. you know, I hit her offline a couple times, you know, 'cause I, I wanted to talk about it. 'cause I, I, I think she's sincere.


I just think she's wrong. I don't think Amber is selling out. I just think she's really, really wrong. Did you watch Yo? Yo? So you good? I ain't going Yo you. What the fuck is wrong? When? You talking niggas? This this is my man. Yeah, this is my holy shit. What Yo we, I read the that. Then she tried to throw Wiz under the bus. Yeah. Wiz text me. He said there was nothing wrong. Go for it. Post that shit right now. I'm like, no. I know Wiz was not happy about that Text said by yourself. Yeah, don't jam me up. But wait, didn't he just release a song called Wiz Owens? Isn't that like a kind of callback to the interview? I don't know. I legit question.


I didn't hear the song. Hear the song. Okay, well we can get to that and listen to it offline. But what did, did you happen to see the Candace Owens Amber? I Saw some of it, yeah. Okay. And this is what I like. So there's diff that's, that's what I say. There's different kinds of people. Some people I think are sellouts and some people I think just are passionate. Yeah. And, and passionate and wrong. you know what I'm saying? So she's not a Sellout to you. Yeah. Mark you full of shit. I ain't gonna hold you. Amber, I'm listen To you are full of shit. I, I thought she was So Amber's stance would be the exact definition of sellout. Unless you change It. I'm gonna tell you why. Only in my, in, in our, in our interaction talking about it, I, I'm like, I think they really have her gassed and believing that this shit is true For check though. But she, she's not doing it for free.


Yeah. She's being, she's being That might be true. I lemme put it differently because I think that's a fair point. Ultimately, I might define it as selling out, but there's some people who I know people I know conservatives say, you know what? The line is shorter over there. I'm going over there. Or I don't give a fuck. I'll say anything, just pay me. Okay. I don't think that's how she's moving. I think if, if I, I think if I said to you right now, I could explain to you why the sixes are better than the Knicks. You'd be like, you'd be like, fuck daddy. Right. You can't. But if I say, look, gimme an hour, I give you 50,000 for the hour just to hear my position. I would listen. You'd Listen. And if I told you every week we, we, we'd reassess this At that same rate, at that Same rate, you might find my argument.


You might genuinely start to find my argument compelling. So they took advantage of her. That that's what I'm saying. I'm saying I think she believes this shit. Oh, okay. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. That's all I'm saying. So, I don't think all of them believe that shit. And I'm not convinced Candace believes that shit Believes. What Do you think? Do you think the pro-Trump should got it? When you say? 'cause I do believe that she believes some of the shit, the reproductive rights part is the part that's like, wait a second, Amber. Yes. Wait a second, Amber. I agree. I watched them slut walks. I was looking for sluts and you had 'em there, right? And y'all was marching and you had your fist up. How was she? She my pussy. My pussy my choice. And we I babies. And you did all of that shit now.


Geez, What is she saying about it? She, has she changed her position on that? Or is she just not talking about No, but what was interesting about the she's dismissive, what was interesting about the interview that's interesting, she's dismissive was she said, what people don't understand is that Trump is pro-choice. Those were the words she used. And I was like, wait, hold on. Wait, what? Yeah, Don don't know what, she might not know what pro-choice means. It, I I I started to believe the same thing. Like she must not know what that actually means. I think I could see a world where he is pro-choice What she was trying, what she was trying to Behind closed doors. Exactly. Probably choose that shit every six months They started to try to split hairs like a motherfucker. In this interview, they tried to make a distinction between Republican, conservative and Christian. Like the three things are not, you know, interwoven with one another.


And so she says that she is behind Trump the man, but she's not necessarily defining herself as a conservative or a Christian. She actually talked a lot more about her atheist journey. So, Which set Candace off because Candace is like super Christian now. Yeah. And Catholic, what was more insane was the comments. I have never seen a YouTube comment section like this before in my entire life it was 99% positive. Holy shit. They are like embracing amber. Like she is the second coming of, I don't know what, as Long as you're on their side, it doesn't matter. Yeah, exactly. All that other shit doesn't matter. But the moment she steps even a little bit out, then she'll be talking about the slut walks and the this and the this and the this and the, but she, she's useful for them.


you know what I mean? I'm, I'm not calling her stupid, but or an idiot. But there is a way that that expression a useful idiot. No, her no, no, but I'm just saying that expression a useful idiot. Somebody who doesn't know a lot, but they know just enough to be dangerous and also Her past is actually useful in this particular situation. Because I can't tell you how many times I saw somebody in the comments saying, oh yeah, I'm a former porn star and then I saw, you know, the light and you know, Jesus is Lord and da da dah. So it's just like that whole slut walk and her, you know, kind of like showing off all her goods and shit like that, that actually benefits her right now with the stance that she's taking. Right. It says something about, again, no disrespect, disrespect to Amber, but it's like the fact that she's speaking at the Republican convention says that the number of black celebrities that You can get to d to take, to defend Trump has to be small if that's who you have is doing like a keynote speech.


That was my point. That was, that was my question. It's only Four days even going and pick choosing her. Like no disrespect to Amber, I don't think she has that influence today. Like Yeah, but she, that little goober head was fine. Well, I mean mean she do have, she do have influence because look at, look how my man responded. That's my friend. Lemme chill. you know, I think that she don't really understand what's going on. He put his whole cape on. Take your cape off. Take it off. But you put your cape on for, for motherfuckers that you knew that know that do wrongdoing. You Got your mark. No, that's okay. It's, it's, I'm not, I'm not it Minute talking. Let her Finish, let her finish. I put my cape off for whom I'm gonna Fuck you up as soon as these Cameras stop, bro. You're Cruising for a bruising Motherfucker, Mr.


Man. Shit. Hey, when Mark leave, I'm on your ass. Alright. I hear that. That's what he said. Taking cable Mark. That's your friend. Yo, she cool. I I get it. Yeah. But I mean I just, I, part of it is just, I don't like that if if because she's a woman as well too. Well no, because if i's offline, I don't wanna be on online talking and I like that on different I did. That's not, that's the mood that way I'm the same way. Like that So I, I'm with you on that. Right. But it's not because she's a woman and being taken advantage of. Right. don don't think she's being taken I. don. I don't think it's her gender. I mean I think they're exploiting black people and I think they'll take a black man, a black woman. I think they take, They'll take anybody. They'll take anybody. As long as they're not trans. 'cause you know that that's bad business. you know, I mean Oh No, no. They probably take somebody who was trans that didn't go through the full transition and they say, I I was wrong.


And now I see. Yes, exactly. Oh, That would actually, That would be fantastic for Them. Exactly. It'll take a Caitlyn Jenner like who's like the uncle Tom of like trans people of Trans. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't Uncle Tom Trans. That's crazy, crazy. Be auntie Now. That's funny. Wouldn't it be Aunt Tammy now? You know, it might be relative Pat. Yes. I ain't gonna lie. The Republicans, hey, I'm not politic man. But what I can say about the Republicans, the fucking talent booker for them has been killing whoever is booking the talent now Meg is about to do the thing with Kamala Ka Taylor Swift. Kamala. Now see that's the one that's going to fuck Trump and them up.


Thats a game changer. That Taylor Swift, Beyonce virtual combo co headliner shit. Yeah, it's a rap. Sorry Chef G. Sorry, sorry buddy. But once them two getting to go and they got Cardi, they got some more people and Meg Yeah, It Is over. They got people with some audience. Yeah, right. They do. They Do. And they got Lil Pump. I mean like come Little Pump. Well I still don't know why he's a thing. Why is he a thing? Like the internet be making people things and then it'd be 10, 15 years and I still don't know why people like what? I don don't know the song, the movie.


Like I just think of a shit stain, like a white shit stain. I've never seen him not look shit Stain. Yeah. That's your man. No. Then dis them with me. No, Because you dis When I jump up. Come on. Help me in my mind, you, you were taking people off your, off your dis list. Well You gotta add more. Oh, so that's, you are adding him. That's an easy Target. Yeah. Okay. don don't know nothing about the nigga. I Like easy targets on my, on my hit list. I want it to be easy as me going to get a cup of coffee. Okay. Do you know what he looks like A shit. I was gonna say You can Google him right now and then, you know, form an opinion and join him.


Yeah. Amber, you look good though. don don't care. That Republican shit, shout to Amber. Good To be on that stage. Hell. yeah. Some good right wing. Amber give me A call. Okay, bro. What you said Amber give me a call. I think for, so You can support her. She's a woman, she's Doing her thing. Oh my gosh. And she rock with you. Mel don't support or a woman. That's what I'm saying. I don, she rocks with you man. I don, Don or woman. And Mel's not a Girl's girl. I don. I am a girl's girl. No you're not. Yes I am. You definitely not a girl's girl. It's fine. I am. We'll Look it up later. I stand with you though. Whatever you're holding, just help. We're holding. There you go. Oh, your nipples going. What? Come on part. It's right there. But while he look, can one of y'all explain, since we are talking politics, y'all have Amanda Seals versus Kamala Harris.


Oh God. More politics. I mean I, I saw, I saw that. I, I I, I tend, I agree with everything Amanda said. Honestly, always in terms of the critique of, in terms of the critique of Kamala Harris, I thought I'm gonna find a girl he disagree with. Before you leave, I'm gonna find a girl he disagree with. I disagree with Candace. Candace Owens another girl that don't count. That was easy. That was a layout. That was A layout. But go ahead. I, I think, I think what she's trying, I think we have to have a critique of Kamala Harris. That's all I'm gonna say. I, I think at the end of the day, we, we can't pretend what happens is we get desperate and we say, look, there's a chance to beat Trump. Everybody be quiet. I know there's a lot of problems with Kamala.


Let's pretend they don't exist and let's just go straightforward and vote for blue no matter what. Right. And I'm saying that's an immature political approach. And for black people in particular, it, it never comes back And. it never serves us well because if we vote blue, no matter who, as they say, then when they get elected, they have no accountability to us. They know we're gonna keep voting blue no matter who So. I'm saying look, vote, but like plus some pressure, plus some leverage. You know what I mean? And I think if we, but it's a moment where people are so are feeling so frustrated. It's like after nine 11 when people were like, remember the, especially if you lived in New York or or Jersey, anywhere like that. Everybody was just America, patriotism, blah blah blah.


Yep. And, it was like, maybe we shouldn't be going to war or maybe we shouldn't be launching weapons back. Or maybe we should ask What Happened. There was no room for that shit. Anybody who said that was blasted, they were taught unpatriotic. They got fired from their jobs. I mean Bill Ma people just got blasted for criticizing it. And then over time people were like, oh wait, maybe we should have thought about this shit some more before we signed the Patriot Act. Mm. Similarly, right now everybody's hype about Kamala Harris. Well They're also hype about it because of the lack of time. you know, Biden fucking stayed in the race way too long. When, you should have like way too long. And so there's only four months left. So how, how are we spending our time and our resources campaign to get her in? Because the alternative of voting for Trump, or not voting at all is a vote for Trump.


And that is terrifying. She might, it's the whole lesser of two evils conversation, you know? Yeah. The fact of the matter is, is that you're choosing an evil in whether you like it or not, but it's manageable. you know what I'm saying? So I and I'm, the criticism is like, it just seems like it's ill time. And I totally understand Amanda's point. I really, really get it. We don't hold any, any of our candidates of any elections. We don't hold their feet to the fire. We don't pay attention to mid-level and low-level elections whatsoever. And that is where a lot of the, you know, power kind of like differential happens. It's not the presidential election. That's just the one that gets all the fucking marketing. Right. So you know, with Amanda, she receives so much criticism because she's so outspoken and she thinks so critically that people are like, bitch, just shut the fuck up right now.


you know what I'm saying? But she's just like, she's challenging people to think critically and to also understand that your vote is valuable and hold your politician's feet to the fire. Yes. And somebody's gotta be that voice. Somebody's gotta be the unpopular voice that says this shit is wrong or this shit don't make no sense. Doesn't mean you have to listen, agree with everything, but at least think about that shit. you know what I mean? And I just think when it's too much energy, it, same thing with music. When everybody celebrates an album or song, it's And it. Somebody be like, this shit ain't good. But sometimes nobody wants to say that in that moment. They'll later on say, oh yeah, yeah it shit now. Yeah. That's what, that's how it, that's what it does. Oh for, okay. Yeah, you, you gotta be done. I stand with Ish Shout to Ish.


By the way. Shout out to Ish enjoying his vacation. I about to say you on vacation. I was about say Okay. Yeah this guy's on fucking vacation. Fucking angered by it too. Shout to Ish man. Hopefully you enjoying your vacation and you owed me a thousand dollars. You owed it to me before you left. And the goodbye. You owe it to me now and hopefully I get it. When, you come back. Shout Dish. Alright, are you good? You two finished with this politic. Y'all sure we're All finished with this politics Together? Yeah, but it was really y'all too. We were just quiet my girl. I'm like yeah, I can't wait, Can't wait. I saw, I saw, hey, He leaving, he leaving. We gonna get you girl.


Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. There was something else in the Politicy than the Politicy. Oh, you still wanna go? Well no, no, no. This one is not too Politicy. Not politics at all. Hold on Before we finish. I did look up that Wiz Owens is a play on Rick Owens. Oh okay. For sure. He styled it the same way. The Rick Owens logo is So I understood. I don t remember Wiz being too Political and it's a album. I just of the reference she made that she had a conversation with him and you know, that he kind of pushed, you know, pushed her out the nest to, you know, do this. I Mean Yeah. Drink your water nigga. Drink your water. Yeah. Drink your water. You got another, say you Got thirsty. Right.


Co-sign this bullshit water man. Now y'all just putting shit on black men. Where when culture people say Owens they might mean Rick. Yes. Okay. I was thinking a bunch of other Owens Before, But, but I get it. Always Brothers Justin Owens nigga anything. don don't know Terrell tl. Yeah. Mel ain't never going get a miss a chance to kick a black nigga back in some shit. That's not, that's a terrible narrative. I Take it back. Thank you Vlad. Apparently in Vlad news. Vlad News is funny. You delivering Vlad News is even funnier. Yeah, it is. Yo. you know the funny shit, I be Watching Vlad clips, I just don't fuck with Vlad.


And even that is like, all right don, don't fuck with you but salute. Yeah. Yeah. Hey it ain't a big beef. Amani has yet to send this clip, man. What you got? Sprint? What you got there been 10 minutes? Sprint Still around? No, they joined with T-Mobile. Right. Yeah. They don't Exist Anyway. What I got is Vlad is predicting which rapper will die next. Well the way it was explained was Vlad had put out a list of rappers that he's interviewed Yes. That passed away. That passed away. And he said he told Polo g Yo dog, if you keep moving the way you move, you'll be next on that list. That's the way it was explained to. Okay. It doesn't sound as bad as the headline. Yeah, yeah.


The headline person was crazy. Like Yo you, he's predicting Yeahing. Yeah. Predicting his dad. If you're giving a warning to somebody, look don don't like the path you going on and the reason don don't like the path you going on is 'cause I've seen it in the past. I've seen the results. I gotta say I I I, I mean, as much as I would love to disagree with vla, 'cause I, this is one of my least favorite people in the world. I, I gotta say That ain't wrong. I actually appreciate the warning. I don't, he's right is Wrong. What I, what I I was gonna say, the only thing I don't like is if you see somebody going down that Right, right. Message wrong messenger. Yes. And also like, you don't exploit publicizing and also don't exploit it. Don't bring them on to have 'em crash out on your, on, on, on film for, for views. Yeah. That's what I don't respect. That's what I've always disagreed with Vlad on is like getting a spectacle outta this shit.


Man, I used to watch that. I mean, I used to, I used to watch a ab go on man, shout out to ab. That's My brother. I I I, I used to pre, you know, I used to watch him go in there. I would, I would ab it myself. Like Yo like, what you doing? Yeah. Yeah. He was going up there a little Right. Reckless. Yeah. Yeah. you know, and but as an interviewer I wouldn't, I wouldn't air that. Yeah. you know, I've had interviews where people, I remember When, I was at BET full-time. People would come up there. I mean, I've had people, rappers like would've ruined their career. They were so high and drunk it would've been, it would've gone viral. And the shit they were saying on camera or high and drunk was the wildest shit you would've ever seen. So What would you do in that Circumstance? I'm on the other side. I Canceled it. I think, I think it depends on, I think it's a culture thing, right.


Of where you come from. See, we look, I, I'm, I'm the same way with you. I I'm the same, I think the same way you think, but also you gotta remember man, like some of these people that's not from our culture, man. They interview serial killers, they interview people that eat people that, and they sit there with a straight face Yeah. And have these conversations. They, they don't look at it the same way we look at It, see I'm on the other, and, And then, and then you may say that, well, you know, you are being a culture vulture, but Yes. That, but a lot of times we also have to blame the artist for sitting there. Like, you can't blame them being high and being, That's how, that's how I look at that. You Sat there and you want to talk. You, you like the attention that come with that. You just don't know the ramifications that come with it. I Really ignore it.


I believe you can't get mad at nobody putting out what you gave them. Yeah, it's True. I, I stand in that. Like, if you don't, I say all the time, Yo, if you don't want it out, don't say it no matter what. But Both things can be true. So like in the case of, you know, because it's Not up to him, it's not his job to now censor you, But he also goes digging for that. And again. Yes. Okay. That's, that's different. He has a right to go dig for it. Yes. And artists have have, at some point we gotta say stop going there. There's a, there's a million other places You can go and not be exploited that way. So I'm not saying he's doing anything like illegal. Did you see Peewee Long way on there? Nah. So Peewee Long Way. Who was Peewee Long Way? He is a rapper, Southern rapper. Where's a lot of blue? You asked Mark Lamont Hill if he saw, well he said he watched black Black Clips.


Yeah, but Peewee Long. Alright, so, but, but reason why I'm asking is a lot of people shout this interview out because Vlad tried to jam him up multiple times. Yeah. And the way he navigated it, he's like, yeah. So you wear a lot of blue or are you with the Crips? Nah, I, it's just my favorite color. I like Blue m and ms and like, I'm just like, he he knew to dance around these questions. Exactly. I see you trying to jam me up. Ask this sir. Shout out to Sir. True. I see you trying to jam me up. I'm gonna come to the platform because again, there's not a lot of platform that are interviewing some of these rappers. Yeah. And. It's beneficial. So. I'm trying to get myself out there. It's the part where like, how we say somebody's media trained, they're not trained to know that you don't have to answer these questions this Way.


Well, lemme ask you a question real quick. I Don't think that falls on Vlad though. That's, I I agree. And that's what I say. Vlad has a right to do that exploitative shit. I hope at some point we stop going there and allowing him to, but we Gotta give, we have to have another then. And That's it. Why do we hold Vlad to this standard? Like, you know, no, he's a what, what is he Russian? What is his background? Something, something. What are we holding? Like if you watch the white people do interviews, I've seen, I watch a John, there's that crazy nigga named that was eating older people. Oh yeah. I watched a white lady sit there and interview him on 16 minutes or 16 minutes. I'm mean like, what, what, why 16 minutes, whatever, whatever's called. Why do we have these, why do we have these expectations of Vlad? He's doing exactly what he's, because he Oh go.


I'm sorry. We we doing exactly what we've seen all of them do. It's a little different though. It's different though because they're interviewing people usually after they got caught stuff about that. Yeah. He's interviewing people who are, they're using the interview to put oh, active cases on you. I don't, I don't think he's wrong like that. I think I think that, but he's supposed to be us. That's thing he's no, he didn't never claim us. That's, I know he's not, but I'm saying that When, you go on 60 Minutes, you know what you do. He didn't wanna apologize minutes to Farhan. He don't claim to be us. No, no, but, but he claims to be part of the culture and in the culture. That's why he gets to interviews. That's why he's in the mix. And I'm just saying if he and He is part of the culture, That's what makes it exploitative. 60 minutes I don have no expectation. 60 minutes gonna treat us.


Right. So if he was to do it on 60 Minutes, you would look at a difference. Right. Because and the truth is, if you did it 60 minutes, nobody would go because he is not, he's not talented. He doesn't know a lot. you know what I mean? He, he's, he's not, he's not a sophisticated thinker. you know what I mean? That's hate. Isn't that hate Watch my debate with him on, on, on, on the death penalty. I dog walked him. I mean mean I, I'll beat anybody in debate in general, but No, I mean's talk your shit. Let's go s a fact, not fact. I'm not trying to debate you. Then You can, but, but with him it was like, it would be like, it would be like a pro basketball player playing Brownie James. Right. We call a callback Back, bro. James, He back on your bro. James.


That's what we call a call, that's what we call a callback. I I know what a callback is. No, I'm, I'm, because y'all was on Defend. Y'all was caping for bro James last time talking about how, you know he can't play and now we see he cannot play. I'm still caping for Bronny. James, you still think He belongs in the NBA as a player. Okay. Yeah, he Does. Would you want him on the Knicks? No. Why? Because you wanna win. The Knicks are in Win Now mode. They're, they're developing. What Are the Lakers in with LeBron at 40? Well the Lakers win now looks like drafting Bronny because we have LeBron. So that is part of our win. Now. That's fair. Let's keep him satisfied. Let's bring the kid on. That's a fair. But I'm hearing the way that the, the summer league Laker kids was talking about being on Bronny team.


It was like LeBron was on the team. Like he didn't have to abide by none of the rules. He didn't talk like the rest of us. The coaches didn't speak to him like the rest of us. But what I want on the Knicks, fuck. No, it's Fair enough. Fair enough. But also shit. And I thought about you, what was it the second or third, the second pick in the draft. His his, you see his point total? Yeah. It's trash. That's the second pick. So. I mean the 55th pick. Why are expectations So, so y'all, y'all did kids, y'all be doing kids wrong man, you and Ish went crazy on Bronny James. We just didn't think he belonged Was the tag team shit And. it turns out we were right. Y'all weren't right. We said that he wasn't good enough. The, we haven't seen it yet.


We've seen a little bit of a summer league. Like that's not, Oh, let's see. That's You can close the, you don't belong to the league on a 55th pick. Yeah. He averaged five points in college and now he's at, or 4.8, excuse me. And now he's averaging about what, four or five in summer league. There Another killer kid that was drafted in the twenties that averaged four points in college. Then. we got that one wrong too. Whoever drafted him got that one way wrong. Or they just saw some time. But this was a foreseeable Mistake, bro. They're not see they're not looking for instant for him to be LeBron's dude. That's why it was The 55th pick. Yeah, not the fifth pick. Yeah, we're gonna develop you. We're gonna, we're gonna wait it out. I'm not looking for right now. Some teams are looking for, I I need the players to get it done today. So I want him to come into the league, league ready and be a star.


Take my team to the next level today. So. I want Y'all on the record right now. Especially you two. What's up? Shit, I'm gonna come, I'm gonna circle back. Let's get it. But I, wait, I have a question. Is that an expectation that people shouldn't have For certain players? It depends on what, it depends on your team and what mode you're in. They a four year contract. They a four year guy team. There are teams That are in rebuild mode. That's my point. We know we not winning for the next couple years play. So we want to get the right pieces so that in maybe four or five years we can compete. There are teams that are actually in rebuild mode. Say one of them. And then there are teams that are in, like he said, the Knicks are in win now. We wanna get it done this year. So we don't Have time for nobody who's not ready this year.


Right. We don't have time. Can I get y'all on the record real quick? What's up? Will he be a a a, a a quality rotation? Even just rotation I. don I'll start. Will he be one of the top eight guys on NA roster in five years? I think it's possible. I Say possible. Say yes. I'm put me down for A yes. It's possible. Now You can. No. Look, Look Yo the NBA put me down for a yes. It's their job to look at projection. How many guys started off bad And? it ended up to be real good. How many guys was slept on in the draft? And? it turned Out not just bad. Come on, mark. Listen, I I I like the kid. He's a nice kid. Oh, Here we go. Oh, You don't like the kid? No, I'm just saying I think he, You hate this kid. I You And why this kid and why can't he learn in real time?


Like you don't believe in that. I want, I think you should learn. I think you should learn in college. I think he should go to the G league and learn after college. Maybe go learn in Latvia, you know, you know somewhere. And then at some point Yo. you Know what's funny about you Mark? That's crazy. You saw the attendance for the Lakers summer game. Summer league games, right? Yeah. I watched the games and I never watched Lakers. Summer leagues games. You saw it not an empty seat in that house. Yeah. Versus when fucking the first and second pick in the draft played in some of the empty building. So some of that Kaitlyn Clark advertising magic like part of Bronny. He don't really have to be the best basketball player. I think a lot of he's gonna be an advertising darling for the next 10 years.


I think a lot of sports, sports analysis overlooks the marketability, the marketability the business aspects that come with, I'm not drafting or signing someone like even with quarterback people de debating on how valuable a quarterback is. But that's Amy's valuable. But Doesn't it affect your, might marketability if you like just continue to de deliver lack less to results. You can play and once LeBron retires. Exactly. And once LeBron LeBron retires and he's not into rotation, I'm not sure how much attention you're going to get. I agree with you. If he's a at, if he's even if like say he was Austin Rivers, right? Who's a very solid NBA player. Yeah, but not a star. If he was Austin Rivers good, I'd be like draft him, motherfucker draft him higher than he belongs. Pay him more than he deserves because he You can, You can justify it. I'm not convinced bro.


James is an NBA player. I don't think he's a professional basketball player. Not an NBA level player. I just don't see, maybe not yet. I didn't see it in high school when he was maybe the fifth best player on his team. Fourth, fifth, but in college. But his brother is the other one is Bryce. Bryce. Bryce has a, a more has an NBA body. He doesn't have his brother's athletics. Bryce Looks to have a higher ceiling. Yeah. Right. If you just the eye test he looks like. Right. Exactly. He kill Be that. Right. But we'll see. But I'm just, you know, I I'm I'm I'm just saying Why you too old to be behave. We too old up here to hat on kids. I that nigga's 19. We can't even use our adult fucking brain to analyze. It's not nice. But, But, but but why you got kids? Yeah, I got three of 'em. That's what I'm, how's the oldest 20 should be 24 at the end of the month.


Yeah man, I don't want, see I got kids like my kid got a mix tape or some shit. If I went on the internet saying like adults like 50-year-old dude. Hey Joe, bud. Such shit is trash. That makes trash. You shouldn't a rapper. Why you hear your bum? You shouldn't be. Wait a minute, Joe. Joe, but Joe, but are you fucking Lil Pump is 23. He is somebody's kid. How is the, what's the difference? You just don't know his dad. That's the difference. I that's the Difference. So we give him a pass. If We know his dad, We Know dog, we if We know nigga's dads Yeah, I agree. Then it then it becomes, that's peace. It ain't for us to use our real brain and say the truth about somebody kid. If we know the dad, we know the dad because He's doing things with his son that a lot of people wish that they Can do.


And fuck Lil Punk. I, I love, look, if I was right, I'd be doing the same shit. Ah, but I would hope you would tell me stop it. But it's not gonna stop you from doing it for your son. No, because don don't use my best judgment as a parent. I'm gonna do everything to protect my parent, my my kid. It's everybody else to hold us accountable. Okay. So Bro Shouldn't have did that. I'm I'm the accountability right now. You should be understanding You're saying that but the Lord I understand it. I just don't want any, I just don't want to do it. I don't think I don don don't think it's best for Bronny. Lemme be clear. I'm don Don't think it's best for Bronny. I think Bronny iss gonna get all this skepticism, all this criticism. He's going, he's gonna become a a running joke. They gonna treat 'em like a Make-A-Wish kid. May he Still deserve that.


It may, it may not be best for Bronny, but some of the heat that LeBron is catching or some of the rumor heat is that this is more about LeBron's dream than Bronys. Yes. That you're making your kid literal. It's like being a stage mom or, or a stage that it's like, it's like you're making your kid do some shit they don't wanna do. It's like if your kid had a mix tape that they didn't wanna do, but you was out there writing the lyrics and you you put 'em on state, put Him and I went and got him a deal knowing he didn't wanna do that. I understand that thinking of it. And that's what it feels like. It feels like this is a kid who was groomed to be the next LeBron James. Great, Then let's shit on LeBron. Let's not shit on Bronny. Okay, if We're saying this then let's shit on LeBron James. But don't say the kid can't way, which We won't 'cause we pussy. So Joe, so Joe, at what age am I allowed to say your son, your mythical hypothetical son can't rap.


Do you know the dad? Do you know me? I'm I'm like you right now. If you have a son, you know me. Yes. Do You know So I can never say he can't rap. You can't say that. No you can't. You Can never say that one. None if you know him. No you can't Bro. If you know me you can't say on the internet. Okay. You can tell. You can say it to me. Yeah, You can tell him that's fair. you know You can say it to me. Right Joe. Because That means you hypocritical because you just, you just gave Amber Grace. That's fair. That's fair. you know, I don't know LeBron I, don know LeBrons called callback shit. He, That Was good Shit. That was good. Shit. The difference. I don't know LeBron, if I knew LeBron personally, I wouldn't do that. I could tell you wouldn't. That's what I'm saying. Just like I wouldn't do, I wouldn't, I wouldn't do, I wouldn't criticize you saying, because I know you in real life. I would be like, I would text you like Yo.


Man. It's A shame. You could, you would be such a great shop guest. Oh yeah. I I can see you in the barber chair now. Yo. He be chop it up. He'll be he'll with LeBron. He'll kill it. He'll kill it. Well LeBron the fake haircut cut, he only knew one episode of the shop. Like a year. A year. Right. Yeah. We do have to let our guest leave. Our guest has a heart out. Yeah. I gotta handle some business. I actually gotta record my show watch. I never promote. But I have a show on YouTube now called Night School. It's on YouTube. It's on my channel so people can subscribe to Mark Martin Hill on YouTube and watch the show every night. I cover the biggest topics, most more political and heavy stuff. But it's, it's also some light pop culture stuff. Okay, Dope.


Cool. And be clear. I got some, I got some shit that I'm working on with Mark. It's just gonna take some years. I gotta go back to school. I'm go, I'm go. We gonna get shit rocking. Round of applause for Mark Lamont Hill. Absolutely Appreciate y'all. Always a pleasure. Always a pleasure. One of my favorite people to come up up here and, and I love that when, when When I call and ask there's no questions asked. You just right here on the turnpike. I feel bad for the Sixers and be oh the Jersey Sixers. Oh we need, we need to make a, we need to make a bet on the Sixers. Next Thing. Anyone, anything You got anything you want? Six Sixers are going to, what's The, anything you want? Six are gonna have a, I need a clear bet. Six is gonna have a better season in the next I'll take it. We we gonna buy regular seasonal playoffs.


Chose. Oh I thought you said regular season. Okay. Regular. Regular season Record. I'm willing to bet any Bet Sixers will have a better regular season record than the next. Oh, Not at all. Well we betting Well we bett you call it. No 'cause I'm that it's gonna seem like most money. Shit. We can say, we can say make it like five, 5,000. Shit. That's, that's gonna gonna be a great season. Wait that is that our only bet? No playoff bet. Did you spend all your money on? We, we you spend All your money on the regular season? Nah, So I can't call you the playoff.


Oh no. Playoff. Playoff. We can double it. Triple Quad. Oh whatever you want. It's whatever you want. Like You want. Ain't talking to me, the guy talking to me. Look I Don fuck you. Clap before. Thank you. You watched I be, you're excited about this bet we talking about real Money now. Not just a little thousand dollars. Oh Shout at somebody's fucked up. That's fucked up. Nothing's fucked up. You not here. Watch Mouth, Watch Your Dollars is real money To that When. you were just acting like oh we real money, blah blah Blah. Because that's when the Hood Republicans show their face. Hey let's bet.


Alright how much I ain't falling for that shit. That's when niggas be like, let's keep it light. That nigga say let's keep it light. Five stacks. Yeah I'm used to that. Hey, let's keep it like gentleman bed low a hundred dollars. Oh no that's not even worth paying. A following. That's not worth paying attention to. Five stacks of Be worth talking shit. Yo. I already text you talking shit. What time the show come on? What time the show? Come on. I'm it over there. Oh man. Thank, thank you. Mark Lama Hill And when, hey, when the playoffs start we should go to a game together. Oh for sure I got season tickets for the Sixers. So you, you you got on the court? Oh I'm I'm there 'cause that's a Knicks building so you know. Thank You so much.


you know bro Yo watching You can hear the Knick fans in there. Nah, I was mad as shit. They went crazy though. And Bead was too, I tried my hardest like a bitch deny shit, I'm a six fan. I tried my hardest to deny that. That shit happened bro. Yo, it was crazy. They went crazy. It is always been like that but it's, it was, nah that was disrespectful. Dis for the playoffs. Yeah I didn Seen No nah the playoffs. Yeah they was booing the six. That was disrespectful bro. It's not just y'all building though. For the next, it's not just y'all building DC anywhere in Northeast over here. Travel. Oh shit. Charlotte. Them Charlotte games. It don't be nobody from Charlotte. All Nick fans. All Nick fans. All Nick fans. Yeah. The fan base is strong and And it iss strong and we've been losing for 60 years. Yeah. Yeah. Now that y won a play series.


A couple playoff series, like two in the last 10 years. It's cute. It's cute. Had a good y had a good year. You had a good year, man. I'm proud of you. I'm really seriously proud of y'all. Let me, what I will say to you, this played for the, that's my man, but I rather it be that than the heartbreaking playoff exits that the Sixers Oh, that Kawhi shot old bouncing SP's. That's true. It's true. Like y'all have had some, but we do. That one hurt. That little four Bouncers. No, that one hurt. That won't hurt. That four bouncers hurt. Yeah. Why are you a fan of niggas that paid Tobias Harris over Jimmy Butler? That is urban legend. That is not what the fuck happened. I-I-I-I-I know I'm telling you as a fact that's not What Happened What Happened.


What really happened, 'cause they had the money to pay all four of them at the time. And What Happened was, Jimmy Butler did not want to stay, he didn't wanna be coached by Brett Brown. He did not wanna play with Ben Simmons. And so he basically was saying, y'all gotta do, make some changes with this team. And so ultimately he, he, he, he walked, he was Oh, he was definitely right. He rid could the Fire Brett Brown anyway, He got Rid of Coach and, and Tre Ben Simmons. Anyway. But that's what it was. It wasn't Jimmy him. Nope. Nobody would choose Jimmy and I love Tobias Harris, but just apples to apples at that moment, Jimmy Butler would've been the choice even at small four. But, but they didn't, they didn't, they didn't want to do the other things he wanted to happen. And if you watch before he did that, they tra took Tobias over me clip that goes viral. If you watch his interviewer with JJ Reddick a year before he actually breaks down What Happened how he went in there and asked for changes and they said no, but that, that that's the reason.


And that those four would've won a championship. I do believe. Well, shit, y'all made it. Y'all got James Harden. Right? We got Paul George now that's what matters. Exactly. That's what matters now. No I don Know James Harden. Y'all, y'all are the Philly Clippers. Yeah. And y'all got like eight, they got eight role players. They, they, they got like 10 Macau bridges to act like they suddenly are like a bomb squad. You got a bunch of guys that could give you 10 and six. We beat y'all with three of them. That's fine. We beat y'all With three role players. So now we went got five more. Great. So now, and we just added an elite player and you can't play all role players Six Regular Season Elite. That's, that's And wait and contract year Elite Paul George's playoff number actually strong. It's just a, again, it's one of urban legends that he don't have strong playoff numbers.


Well, No, but we watched Dame kill him. Well we watched Dam Dame kill everybody. Y yeah, but not with, not with everybody being a primary defender while he's 10 feet behind a three point line in the deciding closeout game. I mean, Look, he's one of the, he's, he's, he's one of the greatest of all time. I'm not. I'm not. He Said, oh, Paul George works out for you guys. Yeah, I, I Do. And I hope y'all stay healthy. I hope y'all don't make any bad managements. Well, we beat y'all unhealthy. So, We Weren, UNT Healthy And Bead was, I mean, bead was on one leg. He he was out there. Yeah. And he broke Mitch's leg. Look, We're gonna be fine. We're gonna be fine. It's the Knicks. The Knicks you should be worried About. I love that. You'll be late for your show to sit here and talk about the six. I know, I know my man. No, that's six five last, last Time.


Yo, mark, We love you. Thank, thank you for joining. See you My man. That's my man right there. Sprinkle some silence out there. So I'm gonna wait till the door closes so we can sit your As back down. Nah, 'cause you are sit Your ass back down. Yeah, You gotta do it. I can't do it. This nigga. Well he, he ready. Good. You remember Armani Yo? Look that way now. Once Boy, I didn. You good Several times. You good Shit. Yes you was, you was very, very enthused when he was up here.


Very, very. You participating You everything you Gonna say every Yeah. Mad Words Co-signed him and all that. You even jumped on, jumped on me to, to, to, to be on his side. No, it was just conversation. Friendly conversation. You outta the line. Social. Social butterflies. These social butterflies. I tell you what else is not important. And I don't even have my phone now. Alright. I have my phone. What else is important? Not important. What Cardi Dealer spaces? This Ice Spice for 45 minutes. She went on about a, oh did she say her name? No, she did not say her name. She will never say Ice ICE's name. Why would Cardi B say Ice Spices name?


Who cares what Pitchfork said about her album? Pitchfork Tried it Wild. They tried. Hey Pitchfork. Come on man. We got ears. Pitchfork is the most inconsistent reviews I think I've ever read in my life. Pitchfork gave Ice Spices album like the highest Rated 7.6. But it wasn't the high. They someone posted it as the highest female, highest rated female album from them this year. But Rap was higher. I don't know if anybody else was but Rap was Rapsody Good. Rapsody? Yeah. Shout to rap. Shout To rap. So So what what she said in the space. I got more money than you bitches Nerva. You bitches trying to bring up real estate. Y'all must got me fucked up. Nerva. You bitches talking singles. My flops is better than y'all.


Best records. They perform better. Y'all better check the charts, check the stats, talk shit. Check the numbers. Check anything that you wanna check. I'm better than you bitches. Fuck is wrong with you bitches. Oh Okay. I like that. I like that energy too. I like that. Let's talk shit. And I do believe that Cardi Flops Do well. Yeah. Yeah, Do little And I like Puum chips, but I can't say that up here 'cause people gonna think that. I'm only saying it because she bullied you. We we got, she bullied, she bullied me Linda, Into liking her Speak. If you speak on me, you speak positive or nothing else. Did y'all see this shit at Vos redoing some Lenny Krabby Shit? Yeah. Did y'all see that?


Yeah. Yeah. You hype? No. No. Oh no. Okay. Nope, Nope. Salute. Although you never know I'm, I'm good. I didn't like the flip. I I mean I will listen to the whole record maybe, you know, maybe in The context of the Old Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta hear it. It's all about The synchronization. And it, it's a whole So meaning he's gonna be singing. Well he said he's like no, like rock music. Oh, don don't know if he's doing all that. I think it's a sample flip. Okay. Got it. And you know he's heavily autotuned so it's like singing. Got It. You about to play it? No, no, Because I want to get to Julio Lio killers being caught. Okay.


Okay. Caught them. Two of them is on the run. I think one of them is currently, I don't know if they caught him yet. They caught all them. Nigga they Caught all, oh, five of them. They all five. Oh, Okay, okay. One of them was holding himself hostage. Two was still on the move. Yeah. And I read that they got the other two, if I'm wrong, fact check it yourself. Yeah. One of them was, I read holding himself hostage. Holding himself hostage? Yes. At gunpoint. Huh. Okay. Yeah. They don't, they don't let you self transition like that. They don't, they don't do that nigga. They, you holding, they trying to get you by any means. But yeah, they caught 'em, they they caught the young lady. The young lady, you know, that was a part of it. She set Julio Lio up. Man that shit was in 4K, eight k.


I don't know what camera they had Bad camera, But they, but they filmed that shit of capturing these criminals. Rap girl cameras too. Like, Like that shit was a movie park. It was crazy. It was crazy. And I knew Tampa wasn't gonna allow shit like that. Like You can do that shit in Jacksonville, but not Tampa, Florida. That's right. I'm not saying there's no, there's no, you know, killers over there. I'm just saying like Tampa, like they was Certain, certain areas. They just not gonna play that shit. Yeah. They was gonna make an example when My man went up there in the, in the press conference, he was like, Yo, we letting this be a message to all of y'all. Don't come up here with it. That's basically what he said. That's almost like that killing that took place in Chicago on the Gold Coast. Like the feds swope swept in like no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


we know what y'all do up there. Y'all not gonna come over here. There's just certain areas where they not playing and they, they, they came down fast. These niggas is 18 ice. Yeah. It's crazy. They just getting outta high school graduating or not graduating. Like they just, you know what I'm saying? And they whole life, I, I was watching a young lady when, when she walked in the rain, I just, I felt bad. Not just like, damn girl, you threw your whole life away. Whole life. You threw your whole life away just to be down with bullshit or to participate in the crime. And it's crazy. You say they said those dude that that they followed him the whole night. Yeah. They bounced with him from spot to spot. Spot to spot. And they said that she, yeah, she set him up and shit like that.


And they showed even, you know, I, I was watching, you know, act, you know he was watching the, the actual video of when the incident happened. What the fuck they got cameras by cars. Like I don't, they got cameras everywhere. They got cameras everywhere. They got a fucking car camera that caught how don don't know if it was by a tree or not, but that shit was clear as day where you could see the bullets flying out the gun. It was, it was, it was crazy. So I Saw the ingredients that makeup raindrops, like honestly that that rain was on hidden the camera microscope. He's right. That rain was like, dude, I was like damn, I never seen rain like that before that that shit was some Steven Spielberg.


It it was type of camera. Yeah. Y'all, what do I want to say to y'all out there? I don't really wanna say nothing to Killers. I don't, but if you're gonna kill y'all should stop doing it from cars that lead back to you. And Can I, Can I add to that? Please. Maybe stop taking your phones with you everywhere you go. That's a great idea. A, I didn't even think of that one. When y'all go kill and rest in peace, Julio. Because watching, watching how they lined him. Oh it hurts. It hurts me to, to watch how some people get lined when it's like nothing You can do.


I watch a lot of them fucking Mexican mafia YouTube clips where Mexican niggas just outside smoking a cigars or some shit and niggas pull up on a like 30 of them niggas Fact that's fact Running. So it's bad for them to have five or four people in the dark hoodies from every angle. Old track in the car. Now we gonna make, we gonna shoot you here, we gonna shoot you as you pass. Soon as you try to drive that way we got somebody waiting for you Up there. Yeah, man, that's sad. don don't think anybody deserves to go that way. Rest in peace. Triple X while I'm here. Yeah. Just because. Yes, yes. Way too. Way too many people. We lose off of just senseless. Senseless violence. Senseless violence. I agree.


Like I said, I don don't even And it. It was like four niggas. Yeah, they, they wasd out but it was like four people. They was spaced out. I think about pop smoke, like, like Oh that hurts. Yo, Yo, When, I. Think about pop that, that, that, that, that hurts. That hurts as well. All that shit hurts man. Just, you know, he was just getting it into himself and just to lose his life like that. And he didn't even, he wasn't even out here moving. I mean, you know, he beat the nigga up that fought him when he was younger, but he wasn't not out there. I mean he wasn't out in Cali moving crazy. Oh, You talking about Pop? I'm sorry. Smoke. Yeah. Not folio. No, I'm talking about pop. He wasn't out here moving crazy man. And, and, and look at that. A robbery going wrong.


All gone bad now Pop smokes your hurt bro. Yeah, for sure. Even though you listen to his music and shout, shout the fifth of you know, it just, it's like he ain't deserve that. Nobody Deserves to to go over that. That's how I feel. When I. Think about do's death like yeah you at you at the spot getting your mom some cookies and then When you see When, you When you see like when they, they listed all the places he was hit and how many rounds was fired. It's like the shit that these niggas is playing with out here in the streets today is ridiculous. It's nasty. It's military grade. I saw you talking about, you know, flip you said like they just, just outta high school. I saw a video, I guess it was Instagram or Twitter or something. It was a group of high school kids every bit of 15, 16 years old in a C like just circled together showing guns.


It was like Yo heat check who, who, who got it on them. And they all just long ass extended on. I got mine, you know I got mine, you know I got mine. We do these kids, We are Doom as a society. Sorry It's scary. Scary Because a lot of niggas is afraid to govern their own neighborhoods. you know the OGs out here putting the batteries, some of the OGs not all putting the batteries in. These young nigga backs, young niggas backs. And the OGs are, some of the OGs are trying to live their life over again through the through through the young, the young ones. I missed the times where there was a, a nigga that was respected or a person that was respected that came in and governed the neighborhood and made sure this don't go down.


You don't do it like this And it just crazy nigga. 13, 12 year olds, 14 year olds with hammers. It's fucking fucked up. So Indeed I agree. Rest in peace to all of rappers. We lost. Yes. I got a quick Part of the Show from Demetrius. That's I got man. What's up bro? He do be getting a lot of shit off. Yes you do. I really don't want to end this friendship but I do have serious questions that I need answered. Backstory. I started a media network with the hopes of creating social media content for companies. Okay. don don't know if you all remember but we talked about me getting a friend to quit his I do remember that. Yeah. To quit this career job to join me as a creator.


Long story, less long he quit. Oh Good, okay. Okay. We talked about companies to pursue mostly car dealerships and how to land their business. I don't hear from him for a couple of days, but When I do. He calls excited, tells me he has a new job working for a dealership, handling their social medias. Oh shit. I feel like I've been cut out of a business deal that I created. I just need advice on how to handle this. Or am I wrong? I don't think he's wrong Don. Don't think you're wrong But I feel like you gotta kind of eat this one. I don't what are you gonna do? Yeah, you basically gave your friend the idea he stole it and that's it. It's foul.


Super fo. But but yeah. And he said he don't wanna lose a friend. Hmm. That he starts with I don't wanna lose this friend, right? No, he said no he wants to end that shit. Oh no he don't want to end it. I really don't want to end this friendship. But Yeah. So The but means he wants that. Well You got, damn, that's tough. That's tough. I would have honest, convers convers Think the Friend is wrong. The friend. I don't think the friend is wrong. Why not? Because He put him on that. That friend don don't necessarily, The first thing the friend told him was, don don't wanna leave my job. Okay. Okay. But then he does And then yeah you then You did. No not but now he does. You convinced him to.


Okay. So it means you bought into the vision. That's not what it means. So why'd you leave your job? Huh? Why'd you leave your job? Who knows. But it doesn't mean that I'm buying into your vision. It Really looks like he bought into the vision because he did the exact same thing that he suggested that they do as business partners. But but maybe his friend couldn't sustain that. That Means that he didn't buy into his vision. Yeah Man that shit seemed like some, some cutthroat snakes. No, But hold on. But but maybe he could his friend, this nigga couldn't have couldn't pay him because I left my didn didn't wanna leave my job. I left my job. You we sitting here having these conversations about what can happen or what No, I need it now nigga.


So I'm gonna take what you tell me or take what whatever I did that we came up with and I'm gonna go apply somewhere else, said it, And it and then I let you know. But he'd let him know. No, I let him know afterwards. If You, if you can't pay me or if, if I'm quitting my job and because that is the decision you make before you quit your job. How am I gonna sustain if I quit this job? So you made that decision Yo, whatever reason, whatever you felt comfortable doing it, you quit the job. Now you talking to your man, your man taking a long time to pay you or something. Hey bro, I gotta do something. No. And then he said, he said I didn't hear from him for like a couple of days. Exactly. So the duration of time is not apparently not that long. Niggas Need money mail. No, I understand. But You know how many times niggas went to go do the exact thing that they fucking fought with me tooth and nail about like I also been in putting creative circles and situations with business involved where just a million ideas are getting thrown at the wall.


And not to say that was the case here, we don't really know. But this could have been one of many ideas that was thrown at the wall as far as targeting car dealerships specifically. And he just happened to maybe start pursuing it and found a fucking Lane for himself. Yeah but and to hold on and to add to that a good idea, the good idea don't die 'cause your friend took a job. That's true too. Like whatever you doing right now with this friendship, emotional shit, all of that's a distraction from what he really need to be doing. Which is you had a good idea. It's still a good idea your friend and that car dealership might not execute it properly, go do it the right way. Oh no. That's a Separate combo. But if this is really your friend and you made him quit his job and you had a good idea and he may not have wanted to do it, you and he went and got a lick off of the idea.


Now does he owe you some more conversation or money or equity that's different? Well no that's a different talk. I just went to Conversation to be mad at your friend. Nah nigga you Want go to look at that Congrat also nothing. Nothing. There could be a world in which the friend that got hired by the dealership could bring him in as a contractor to do some With him. That's cool. We talking about down the line shit in the moment right now we had a plan Yo, we gonna target car dealerships to bring business to, to bring potential business to our business that we have here. Cool. You cut me out. You, you haven't spoken in a couple days in the pop up and say yeah I got a job at the dealership doing exactly what we were doing. That's snake shit. I don't care how y'all look at that.


That's snake. I don't see how y'all don't see that as snake. Especially when he said Yo. I ain't even, dude ain't even, I ain't even talked to dude for a couple days and he popped up Yo dog. Guess what? I got a job at the dealership. I took your advice and went and solicited a dealership. But instead of bringing it back for the company that we are working together. Yeah but I think that I wouldn't got a direct job with them. I think that taking everything as snake and eliminating friendships that potentially could be valuable. Yeah. Is I'm with not Saying in the friendship, I'm just saying it is snake shit. They, they need a conversation though. If My friend, if it if, but we starting this with friendship. If you're my friend, I'm going to benefit of the doubt before I get to snake. Sometimes things just get lost in translation or not.


Not enough communication is had or your friend just has a really different POV than you Yo. Remember Johnny? That's fair. Johnny of course Johnny my man, me and Johnny shot mad ideas back and forth. A bunch of 'em. Some of them was good But he had a lot of his own ideas too. Lemme not make it sound like it was just me coming up. We brainstorm, came up with things. He came up with an idea on his own after we were kind of brainstorming together. He didn't tell me about this idea. But what he did, in my opinion from my outside view of it was everybody that he had met and become became fly with from my relationship that he's just been out for, let's say we've been out for the last three years.


He doubled back to all of these people with his business idea that he came up with in Johnny's head. There was absolutely nothing wrong with that. And maybe he was gonna come pay me or something. For me that looked absolutely nuts. It was some snakey conniving shit. But before I listened to my brain, I spoke to him and he just hit with different upbringing. He didn't really, He didn't see nothing wrong with that. He Didn't see that at all. So. I'm just saying sometimes a conversation Yes. Will just bring together two different points Of view. I do think there needs to be a conversation between the two of 'em. Now I'll give dude benefit of the doubt. Now from that conversation, if he not saying something that you vibing with, I'm dead at.


But hold On, I will give dude the friend in this question benefit of the doubt. Because he said when he did speak to him he was mad excited with the news. So it's like he might not see that he did something wrong here. Because if so, I'm not calling you mad excited with the news Yo dog. Guess what? Guess what? I just got a job with you. I'm avoiding you. Yeah, Yeah. I'm not even gonna talk to you. Or if you catch me and say Yo Yo where you been? What the hell is up? you know what I'm saying? And if he, if he lost a job or left a job and got a new job, it's nothing like that. New job. Excitement like your friend's happiness in that moment. Respectfully is not about you or whatever talk we have. I got a new gig. Yeah it might be doing some of the shit that you asked me to do but I got a gig.


This guy sound like he on some entrepreneurship too. The friend just sound like he gonna work in the company. Yeah. Which is what we said in the original question, which Is different. Everybody ain't entrepreneurs. That's true too. See now Rga funny Johnny and rga in the same little segment here, but Rga was corporate and him and I did a lot of think tanks and I was in the house talking to all this entrepreneurial type shit. RGA was of that same mind, but he worked for a company. What he did was he worked for a company with ancient dinosaurs running it. And what he did was took all of that entrepreneurial digital new age thinking to the company, his corporate job and increase his value to them.


Yeah. And introduced new ways that the company can make money. 'cause y'all not even thinking on this entrepreneurial what's going on out here. And, it worked for him. That nigga Shot up. Yeah he did. Zoomed up the ladder, went got married. We ain't seen him since. Nope. Well he stopped by here that one time. Yeah he did. But yeah, so that's my example is kind of what could happen here. Yes you have a gig with a company doing the same thing that you said, but it might not be done the same And, it might not fucking overlap. I've Been part of think tanks that have led to nine figure fucking deals for people. And maybe I gotta cut, maybe I didn't in some cases I don't, I don't take that shit personally a think tank. I'm like, oh tank shit. That's dope. But a think tank is different.


If You, if you find a way to bring me on, please. A think tank is different than I tell you Parks leave here, we going to do this together. And right now our job is to solicit and then you go out and take a job doing what we, what our business is set to do. That's a little bit different than we didn't think tank this. That's not just us throwing Ideas. Gotta gotta Hear both sides. No, no, no. I Yo Dmitri My and I still put this in under think tank. Look, Demitrius I, my advice to you is, and you start off by saying you don't wanna lose the friendship. So that tells me what your intentions are. Have a conversation with your man's because you might, like Joe said, you might get a different POV from it and he might not have been trying to snake you.


True. Yeah. He just might not be cut for the entrepreneurial shit. And some people just really wanna work a job. I have a question for the room. Is it hard for women? 40 and up to make new friends? You asking a bunch of men? Yeah, I'm asking. Yeah. I. don know. don don't know maybe. Okay, I have a home girl real quick. Her name is Lucy Fly Bad and Hey Lucy and official. And in her spare time she's making big meals for herself and she's coloring and I'm like, all right, you don't got no friends, you don't wanna go out.


What you doing? I was talking the phone. She's coloring. Yeah. In 2024 coloring. Well There's adult coloring books. Yeah. Adult Coloring books I guess. Big thing. And I felt bad about it. She Painting or coloring? Coloring. Crayons. Crayola Yo. They got adult coloring books and shit. Like Porny. Some of them are. Yeah. So, and in my mind I tell her how I like dang, like you, you fire like go out there and make a friend or find, I feel a little bad for her. So I wanna start a I asking my friends because I do wanna start a group to bring women 40 and older people so they can make friends. I can think that's not fair Parks because I feel bad for her. You taking, you making these big ass meals, nigga fucking Turkey macaroni and cheese and who the fuck is eating that with you?


You might. You look stupid by yourself. And I love her. That's my girl. You look stupid. you know what some people value my neighbors eat. Look, look. Some people value some people. The neighbors. The neighbors. I'm sorry man. I know you'll get me mad. Look. I know, I'm sorry. I love her. Some people value inner peace and I don't need no people around me. Some people are very comfortable With, is she new to the area or something? She's not new to the area. She's just like one of those people. don don't know. I don't, she's not comfortable to sound like she, She said she said something to you about the lack of on the phone about Having a laptop. So. I was on the, I was on the phone with her and she had, you know, she has a very crazy past but I was on the phone with her. She's working, she's doing her thing. But I'm like, I saw a picture of her meal. I was like, who you ate that with that shit fire.


And I remember You can cook good by myself nigga, but why you making all that food for you got no, that's what she wanted To eat. Maybe she's just improving her culinary skills Or that's what she had a taste for. I Mel Lamont Hill, like come on man. Like I'm dead ass. She could have just had a taste for that. Okay, I got you. I just want to, I used to your house. I, I wanna bring some people together. Honestly, nothing wrong with that to introduce. I think it's hard sometimes. When you get a certain age to go outside and meet people's. True. I think we became so fixated on the internet and these phones go outside. I told her Go nigga. Go. I don't disagree with those points. Skate You a skater. Skate go. They got all them little like dart leagues and adult basketball and softball and all shit clubs. Yeah, yeah.


Walk Clubs. My neighbors eat the food. Girl. That's Crazy. I can't believe that shit. Good. That's a nice neighbor. Can you imagine Dropping off a whole feast? Oh look at me, I'm getting a sleeper. Oh shit. I told you I'm here for a good time. Not a long time. I have that Friday. Why not? Bed is in the room.


I'm too shotsy. What am I supposed to do when your body's called type of view. Any type of play with some so special it's too fat. Don't just what you do but I'm thinking about is you make it easy.


Focus on baby. I know it's been a while for you know you won't give it up. you know that we locked in that your body is my girl forever. Don't take it from me. you know better In the room.


Available In your phone. Alright nigga, shut up now. Available. That was Friday. Baddest In. The Room available on your phone and in DSPs right now. Shout out to Friday. All right, I'm gonna go up to Toronto and I'm gonna play cell 2 45. This is Tory Lanez, the second of the Prison Tapes songs that he released. You have a prepaid call from Tory in cards revealing the digital last, the California correctional. Actually I'm going to California.


Spin around that bitch. My dog Rich took about stick. Got this one bitch fucking up my tribe house to like her step and sent her to her. Do even had a snake. A couple niggas but my was taking rich shootouts gave me PCSD. That's the damage that it did. I'm talking was at the crib. I'm talking that was at my grandma's house. She in the kitchen cooking of hammers and the, they can't stand us when We up. They can't manage we yet. I'm talking hopping out in cars that don't come out this next year. That ti so fast. It shouldn't be another gear with Travis in here and we going need another cheer range fish color. Senior and I think that this boogie gonna drop.


It's scary. When I. you know When I When you up for real, Up For real. Kept a static kid had and I was trapped until the Haddish couldn't find my soul. When.


I was traveling and cope. This shit was tragic. I was out there doing the most, you know, that most my nigga was stabbed. If You can close my nigga and gravity this on my soul, my nigga going have it sweat. We be spending cash with Billy Dip off in this gate. You hearing boom, niggas come through, spinning off in that layer. 29 hour. Proud of the man who I'm how always said I have everything I got right now at 30 niggas, buddy. Shit Don, stop. I want some houses, I want some blocks. I want some builders there. Some shops. I need equity in everything Bitches come through, spinning around my figure like a wedding ring. Devil knocking at my door, trying not to. I be finished. So conflicting off my letter, got for protection from my S No I can't let him win. I'm gonna be my case bitch. I ain't worried about no settlement. Truly, I'm a gentleman. Let the Lord settle.


They can't me, but I can't get chances. We flipping dope without our whole neighbor business. Bitch. I'm in that like Luigi omission, you know, When, I, When. you deal Be For real.


And again, that was Tory Lanez Cell 2 45. The second song he released off of Prison. Tapes. Okay, I'm going to Brooklyn. This is your old Drew I. Think. I. Love. Her. Say Yo. I can't get enough of her. Never be another. The most important woman right next to my mother just bought a magazine, seen her on the cover. I, Think, I Love, Her, I Think, I Love Her bro. And you know, love is a motherfucker. I say this at the risk, it sound like a sucker won't let it go to waste place. Snuck in above her. I, Think, I, Love, Her, I Think, I Love Her. Bro. Can't even. She been on my mind all day. I love a fan. Give a damn what y'all say. Voice of silk.


Smooth as all the old LA smooth little bad shit built like Horay. She know how to grow that little butt. Not thinking it old mill. But I still cut. Have my heart broke before. But it healed up. No puppy love. It's the real stuff. I can't get enough of her. Never be another. The most important woman. Right next to my mother. Just bought a magazine. Seen her on the cover. I said, I, Think, I, Love. Her. That's right. I, Think, I, Love. Her bro. And you know, love is a motherfucker. I say this at the risk of sounding like the sucker won't let it go to waste. Play nothing above her. Say word. I, Think, I, Love Her I Think, I Love Her. Bro. Got me on some evil shit like yesterday.


you know her resume looks like Tessa Mae who know not to bring that mess away. I said to step to her, you gotta be bold. No s ray. Gotta must some shit. Can't be your buster. She only used to mess with killer scammers and hustlers who came from spots. That's a lot rougher. Got me working down, trying to get tougher. I can't get enough of her. Never be another. The most important woman right next to my mother. Just bought a magazine. Seen the want to cover. I said I, Think, I Love. Her. That's right. I, Think, I Love Her bro. And you know, love is a motherfucker. I say this at the risk of sounding like a sucker won't let it go to waste place. Nothing above say word. I, Think I, Love Her I Think I Love Her bro from a grill to her waist and hip.


What else? The way it feel When, I taste them lips different from all my relationships. All I see is us taking flex. Lots of vacation trips, Yo. And when it's cold weather, we gonna rock the match of leather and be go getters with our rap endeavors. Rap, I really love her. We together. And the crazy thing is, I never even met her. I can't get enough of them. Never be another, the most important woman right next to my mother. Just a magazine. I Think I Love Her by your old Drew. It kinda reminded me of the melodies 'cause he's rapping about falling in love with a chick on a magazine cover. Hey. Alright, so shout out to melodies too. Yes, shout. Shout Out to the melodies.


Okay, mine is Danger Mouse and Black. Thought No Gold Teeth. Let's go. What's up? Hip hop bag. Let's go Wind my face down at my heels at the end, I'm winning this face only children don't ever try to the mag money on the line. I just add weight to the bag until a bag breaks that holy swag. Make the cash get the gas face in the first place. I got a motherfucker business coming in last place. My birthplace taught me not to stop.


I'm more advanced to my classmates. I came into the game on a fast break and I gang like bad. The pro tag and I, and the same slang that has, I can't stop. If I don't work, then I won't eat. Time keeps running like a don cease in the mind of a super nigga. No peace. Can't stop running like I'm ducking from police. Stop. How do me like coach the flow? So I crowd satisfied, bringing them bling, no gold Yo, stop. You know them cameras as don't see my hammer ain't for brandishing cannons. It's homie. Please, you ain't fucking with no amateur homie. Philly ain't known for cheese steak sandwiches.


Only stop Yo. I'm at the top where it's only y'all got everybody selling good. The torch to the eye of the storm fire. The date translator request. I, I replied, I'm top three. They ain't never stop the Paris for the ride. The cost two to five suicide tested, And it be suicide. No matter which corner of the globe you five dumb shit stopped when it comes to the job getting done. But am I the god of the microphone? Praise the Lord.


Anybody disagree with me? To rage sword. I'm aging orange poison this amazing poem. And the band keeps raging normal. Listen to some of your don't stop I don quit. Yo I don, stop Yo. I don't quit. That is No Gold Teeth by Danger Mouse in Black Thought. That album's phenomenal. You can go back that album. Get Where you get that from. She tapped my phone. Something that ain't, that ain't a male record. Where do you get that from Yo. I have the album in my phone. All right. I do have like a little collection of a Little bit assorted hip hop records. A sort of Hip hop, right? Yes. Okay. I'm a big fan of MF Doom Oh.


Wow. Okay. Hey, let me shut up. Yeah, I bad, I bad. That was my shit. Hi. And rest in peace. Rest in, yeah. Come on, come on. What you look like? You wanna stir up some shit? What with you? What, what, what's a problem with you? Why? Because like can't we just have a conflict free day one fucking time? I know. Yes. No, I know I'm asking a lot. But it's, it's, it's on What Happened. It's enough that Our bond has been severed by socks. But what? But, but, But we prepared that bond. We've prepared the bond. But what else is, and it's enough that I, I get attacked constantly, you know, on why Death, why you get, why What a constantly, but what's, what's what's disheartening is watching how Howard how hard you go and how, you know, how great you intertwined with Mark Lamont Hill.


And I, I I just, I you jealous. I'm a little jealous. I'm a little jealous. I'm a little t More words. He know a lot of words. And you know, it's, it's supposed to be mail and flip. Always flipping mail. Always Flipping mail. You just flipped them. You was like, nigga, you be having your niggas Max. I know all the shots that I have to take that because you know, don don't know Mel don don't know. Listen, do you think that, do you think that when somebody is intellectually powerful, does that sorta spike your interest when they have, when they intellectual intellect? Yeah, that's fair to say, but not necessarily in this particular circumstance.


Okay. Not, I mean, and not, and not nothing salacious. I'm just talking about in general. Yeah. No, not at all. I mean like as fondly as Joe regards marks. Same with me, same with I'm sure everybody in the room, but like, I mean, I'm, I'm I Do too. Yes, but When I talk to you. Tune me out after five seconds. No, Not not, that's true. You gotta read some books and learn some, expand your vocabulary. All that's all it is. And Mel's an intellectual, so she likes to converse with other intellectuals. So you gotta become an intellectual Nigga. Fuck that. Fuck that. Yeah, no, it's, you know, and also, you know, you wanna, you know, entertain the guests. You wanna make them feel welcome, you wanna interact with them. Flip, Don't wanna hear none of that shit. Okay. You always making people feel welcome, but you don't make the people that's welcomed here feel welcome Me.


How do I have managed to do that all by my lonesome? Well, Because we love you. Okay. And I feel unwelcome a lot of times when I'm talking to you. My heart, my right now my heart is, is broke. It's broken. I'm so sorry. Aw Parks is the only one that held me down up here. Aw, that's true. Not my intention. I hope them sentiments is valid. Aw. Aw. Let's see, let's see, let's see. Oh, that was me. Sleep is done, right? Yeah, I do. Before we end, want to give the specialist of shout outs to one of my favorite bms Cynthia Santa.


I do sin. Announced that she is pregnant and engaged Oh. wow. Give it up. Come on. Give it up. Absolutely. Give it up. Congratulations. Don't, don't hate congratulations to send Santana. And dude, I won't say I'll let lead that for y'all. I'll lead that for y'all to do your Googles, but couldn't be happier for them both. There we go. Good shit. Good shit. Look at y Congrat stupid in the face. All y Yo before one page. I'm having some fun with this Before. Did y'all hear about Yo? You don laugh at me. That's my man. Did y'all hear about the new kickoff rules in the NFL?


Yeah. No Better known about 'em. I thought we talked about 'em here briefly. I have no idea what he's talking about. The new Rules onside kicks are illegal before the fourth quarter. The team must be losing in order to kick an onside kick. Oh, that's for Sean Peyton. They doing all for Sean Peyton. And the team must announce intention to kick an onside kick ahead of Time. Oh, nah, nah, nah, no, no, no. That's some bullshit Bro. What type of bullshit is that? They kind of ruined nonsense kicks a couple years ago. They did with the, the rules. But the, the ball, the rest of the kickoff rules are actually way better and should be more competitive. I forgot what they all are off the top of the head. But the lineup is different where it's closer but further away.


So the kickoff is closer to the return team. It's gonna be a, a bigger impact. And you have to land the, the, the goal is to land it between like the 10 and goal line, if I remember correctly. So it's gonna lead to a lot more active balls instead of just trying to kick it outta the end zone every single time. Was it? I mean this news won't put a damper on my NFL season excitement. Ah, not At all super excited. Having no idea who to draft first and second round of fantasy. I'm so lost. I've been on all the little fantasy expert guys. We on wide receivers this year. Unless I get something high. You know what pick you got yet? No. In any draft you in. No, because ice don't do the draft shit no more until September 7th.


The facts. Hey, we be trying to drive right before the league Whenever you do it. That whatever rule you had last year. 30 seconds, 40 seconds. I'm no, no, no. I will be talking to everybody ahead of time because y'all complaint before it was too long. And then the next option down y'all complaint was too short. Yeah, It was so It was, don't worry. Listen man. Good show today. Hopefully issues somewhere. Enjoying his vacation. Spending that money your owes me. We want to thank our special guest, mark Lamont Hill. We want to thank each and every one of y'all out there. Keep us in your prayer. Lord knows each and every one of us needed until Then we bid. You would do farewell, ADIO, cereba, darty, ota, ais so long.


Goodbye or simple head nod will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments. They Pass. Moments pass. So ride that bitch to the wheels fall Off. That's right. Lastly, the baddies are insecure, liars, lonely. They don't cook. The bitches just want to travel and fucking talk shit about your exes. The stagnant women want to travel to and the close-minded women want to travel to. But they want you to teach them things while they travel. Grab you with Tylenol, you might need it. I am your host Joe Button. It has been a lovely broadcast Indeed. And we will be back.


I like that. She already got on your ass in that face. You ain't touch your phone. You ain't touch your phone. Hey, she was right. She was right. I like you though. I like you though. You look, you up there looking professional like a little sad potato. Hey Yo, when sad, Mr. Potato hit up there. When the last time I had my phone up, up here. Only during sleepers. During sleepers. Alright, but she checked you on it. She So I asked her did she want me to speak during, would you like me to talk during the sleeper Segment? And she said no, I just don't wanna see no phone. She was right. That's my people Be nice nickname, right? Shout the nickname. Oh, Oh. You call her nigga's name now At the end of our podcast. I am. So You my man. Do you not know the difference? I Love you so much bro.


I'm I'm gonna just take the high road and have fun with you on Patreon. Y'all gonna have some fun on Patreon because I see y'all try to I see what y'all did. I know y'all want to have the internet. Y'all want to have the fun with me that the internet is having with the whole BM announcement thing. you know? And I'm with As long as you find. That's all I care about. I care about your wellbeing nigga Dog. Listen, I couldn't be greater. No, I know. Yeah, I see. I couldn't be greater. I know. Well, I don know. There might be a misconception about When. you BM has a new kid, new engagement, new love. Like the internet was like, oh, they gonna kill yourself in real life. No, no comment. No comment. No comment.


I got two birthdays. I got two birthdays this summer. Hey, hey Yo Yo. Y'all holding it down out there man. We got about a month and a half for summer left. Get your vacations on. Pull out your little fucking scooters, your skateboards, your Skates. Some niggas is bowling shit. Niggas are doing day parties. Brunches. Y'all have at half at it out there. We going Same town, same place. I. don. Hey. Yeah, This shit feel good Soon. I ain't gotta say Culture.


Question for Mel before we leave. Okay? Here we go. 50. I'm crazy, right? How many years in a row did Jeezy win Trapper of the Year? you know, three. She was close. No, I'll give you a second. Chance. Four. Is that your final answer? Yes. Oh. 'cause ice is nodding on his head. I'm, I'm here. The music, I hear the music. You still listen. Music Girl, You supposed to two part that what they give him.


God damnit. No, I'm not doing that to my, I wasn't supposed to Answer the first one either. You wasn't. You wasn't. But When, you do that. It's a two part question. Come on. How many times and would they give Him a snow globe? Wait, what'd you say? What'd you say? I said a snow globe you've never heard of at all. He doesn't have any free throws on the season. He doesn't have any incentive.


J-J-J-V-P. J. jv. P jv P. Why JP Without the jvp A Snow Globe. We got.