
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. We not staying on this either, but this is funny. Please. I want to pull the reveal out. Yeah, you tell 'em and then I'll tell you to reveal. Now I'm gonna tell them to reveal. It's hilarious. What do you want me to say? Exactly the story When you say it like that, it makes it seem like it's No, No.


What I'm saying is that this week, this week I realized that the JBP, and I know we don't like talking about this, are serious when it comes to taking a episode off and being docked for it. So when I received some money, I called Ian, I looked at it. It wasn't the normal money that I get, it was, I was docked. I saw that there was some money missing and then I got a letter from the accountant, yo, hey they said this in my head for the moment. I felt away say yo, these niggas is trying to get me. They trying to take me down. I need to get the fuck away from them. This is crazy. The first two years I was getting my shit off end. I was taking like five days off of the mother still getting my shit full.


Now they're very serious. I went to Ian crib to try to be cool, but that whole time I'm staying at the nigga feeling away like, yo, you motherfucker. Oh, you knew when you got, you knew when you got there that that happened? Yes. Alright. Oh, Oh you was trying to dress just act like it was cool. I went there on four. I tried to play ball and just be cool. I went there on the fourth pretenses and it Didn't work. I did didn't work. But you ain't get it on. Oh you was corny it 'cause Yeah, now if I know that going in, then I got it. I gotta kick it with you in the basement. I gotta find a way to bring it up. But that's not the funniest part. This is hilarious. This is so funny. And we're not staying here so it's okay. We are not staying here. But the funny part, well no the funny part what you had to see what it looked like before they knew that it was a half day.


He ain't thought you just took off. He had that shit look out. I was like, yo, yo yo. Whoa, whoa. He came, oh he came in for Patreon. Don't do my man. That shit was looking junk. There's a chunk that came out but you came in for half the day. But Ian had the Glock point blank loaded like bye. I was like nah, you can't do my man like that. He came in half the day. I see he came In Half the day. Don't play with him. I see The game you playing. I see. I'm on my my more on my your side. You on your dean. I'm on your side. I see how strict you guys are and, and you know we, we, we go from there. I'm not rocking with in, Nah I cant. I came in on time in but we go from there 'cause I don't wanna hold up the broadcast. It's not about me. Me and him just finished beefing me and Ian. Oh yeah? Yeah. But nobody know 'cause we smooth Outside in the back.


No, we've been beefing forever Under the boardwalk. See, Lemme ask a question. What the fuck is this? Yes, that's how you supposed to be. There you go. Flip please. You do. Please don't use your phone on air. Yes. Use these fidget toys instead. Love Ian. Right. Alright. What the fuck is this nigga? I'm a whoa Yo. You holding a rainbow. Nevermind. That nigga got a rainbow meat. What the hell? Mini meat. Oh shit. Yo. What is, let me See that sir. Lemme ask you. You don't you want to hold a rainbow meat? You don't think that this is an insult to me as a man, as a father of, of of three potentially four.


Hey yo, look at this. You know you my man. I be shaky Nugget. I be playing. This is some real, these people you gonna let them do that too? You let a lot of shit happen to me. Way I just found out. And on top of that, on top of that I've been reading, you know I've been in tune with the audience. They agree with me about that cutting off shit. We gonna talk about it later on the Patreon. They agree. They, they been, they did the research and said yes Joe does do that to Queen Flip specifically they agree You owe me an apology when you do your research. I owe You an want a hug. I owe you an apology and a hug. When we walk in that network building, like as soon as you get the address to the audience's network, then you be dead ass.


Right. What they say is a fact over there. So yeah. That's funny. Say that, Say that funny. You right say less I That's funny. I miss you. Yo. You can argue with a nigga like that. I miss you Yo you man I missed this. I missed Y'all. Yeah man be on. That's funny son. I'll tell you in what other Toys you got Over there. I got some bullshit. Nah, I don't wanna play with none of these shits. Nigga got them Who? I'm your man. You, I'm gonna tell him later on when I called you on the phone when you was in the mall. We gonna talk about that. This Nigga can't, yo nigga is a lame, you a fucking fool. Yo. This nigga is a lame. Yeah, he can't go to the mall by himself. He can't move by himself.


He was shot a all day. I had she answering questions for him. I said Nigga you good blink. He said, yo, I don't wanna say nothing. I said text me on the side. He coulda do anything. I said, you can't even walk the mall yourself. You are lame. Yo. See that is Wrong with this. Yo. That's, that's how I felt in the, at the bar with him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. See oh shit. It was a nice little button thing went through. That's what I hit him about. Nice one. Woo. That's a little different son. I said yo, Why is way fucking wave That's bad. Why girl, this got a problem. Yo look at my bed, Girl dead. It got such a problem.


So she not outside. She's sitting right there. Wait, hold on. There gotta be some sort of respect for the relationship. Yo, listen to this in that time nigga listen to this. You acting like the Manhattans Yo. You acting like Bobby Womack nigga. Oh shit. God damn. Yo. Bobby Womac listen to This. If, if, if, if you sit next to your man and you like damn, look at shorty with the red. And then that's your man's not gonna go holler at shorty with the red. I'm just saying yo shorty with the red It is fire. Look. Now you saying if my girl is sitting next to me, I'm not saying it to your girl or in front of your girl. I'm texting my man on a sneak go. Well look at shorty in the red. All women are not like his woman. When you text him that she sees It somehow.


Oh no, she got that phone her first. I text her my bad. I text her. You text, you text their phone. You text their phone phone. Nigga I'm on the phone with this nigga. He walking with my, he like with my baby right now. I said you suck a bitch ass nigga Look at You'all put the disclaimer around early. Oh that's crazy. Tell him tell him about I said That's nuts. Yo flip is just a fool right now. And we gonna start this spot. Something's wrong. First of all, I posted this story with me and my girl. We in Lulu limit. We in the mall flip called me flip. Don't call me on the fucking whatever date this is anyway. So he called me like, yo what's up? I'm like what's up? He like what you doing? I said I'm in the mall. It is long silence you talking about damn you can't do shit by yourself.


I said Yo what you mean started dying. He with your girl right now. He said damn you can't even just take a stroll on some Chilling shit. He says you can't take a little walk just in the mall and some Ah, ah, On some rich nigga you just, with your girl looking dumb in the face. She monitoring. What you say? God He just going on yo flip is a asshole. Man, bitch out to you baby and yes s that is crazy. You can't do that even though everybody know what you that text was. Everybody know what that text was But you can't send that text. No you can't send that text. I, I'm okay. Everybody in here is with me. Talk to them. I Ain't say nothing. I'm with, I'm with I'm with him. I'm with him on that. You can't Send that Text.


You got it. I go right here my nigga Like because what, what what I'm gonna do? I didn you wasn't gonna do nothing regardless. You about to text you back. Yeah, your ass is fat now y'all having a whole conversation about her as Yeah It is four seats down. I could, I could walk. You Know what I'm saying? Talk to my man. So wait, wait, wait. If if you could walk you would've went to him in front of his girl yo head? No. If I Would've, if I could walk we would've already caught eyes already. Yo, can I say something? But respectfully this is what the YG song is about. The one that Was released I never heard no y YG song but The YG song he come on with a hard bar.


We'll get to it later but the synopsis of the song is this is why my views are what they are today. And as I got took me to get older to learn that they, my views is kind of different than whatever normal views are. Okay, so you're saying my man relate This is one of those moments and no I'm not saying that. Stop. Alright I'm Because you think you trying to be funny. I Was. I didn't know what you was getting there But instinct, this is a normal. Yeah that's not normal. And I think that comes from Something else. It is. Look at you. He really think we bugging you Gotta remember that. I don't think That's why he the man. I'm not saying that y'all bucking. What if A nigga check his phone and his girl did that shit, they feel insulted like yo, I text you that in.


Listen to what I'm saying. Everybody view this. I ain't got the lemme I'm learning bro. Everybody views is different. Lemme say that. If I text you that you with your girl, I text you yo, look at this. That's your type and your girl is right there. She Sees that I'm a Person. No I'm just saying if she see it, would she not feeling way? My girl not gonna say nothing. My girl would be like really? My girl would be like, who you talking about? Oh yeah that is your type. She wouldn't feel a way that you're, I'm answering the question my girl look like who we talking about? Are they in today? She is your type. You trained yours. You Trained yours nigga. You a trainer nigga.


I forgot. I forgot you. I forgot you type of niggas. It is not, It is not that. Like I didn We, we can't get that off. If my wife sees some shit like that, I'm pr I'm pretty sure she'll feel away. I don't know 'cause I'm gonna look, I'm not like y'all. I'm like oh what it's talking about? Oh shit. I tell my girl Yo Joe just text me. It is the girl over there in the red. It is dope. Oh you gonna red? What the fuck we talking about allowing dog. My girl is my friend first. Ooh. So me and my girl got Fuck that shit A friendship in a relationship. That fire, I'd be like yo dog. My girl will see a girl in this spot and be like damn she got a nice body. She got fat. And I'd be like, who be like over there in the tu. We Do that. But that's what do I have to do with your girl's perception of me?


Yeah that's totally different. No, I'm talking about my relationship with my girl. Got it. What you mean? Good question. But what does that have to do with her perception of me being the guy that's texting you in front of her saying Oh That's a good point. That looks crazy. No, but he No he changed. He said yo, if you said yo, if you said to your girl look such and such, such such, I'd be like you And we dragging. It's not really a thing. It was a joke. It is not thing. It is a joke. It's A joke. It's a joke. A joke. Don't take our our teen summit review of it like it's more than what It is. It is not. My girl laughed. I'm laughing. We all laughing. Yes. Let's chill out. 'cause you niggas are go grab a pen in a journal. It's snitch. Yeah you niggas will go grab a journal and start adding people and start DMing and making the what up.


What's the fake instant defense? Yeah you niggas will make a fence there in a heartbeat. Boy they they must have took that little email limit rule off back in the day it was a limit to how many emails you could do. You only got like four or some shit. Oh yeah. You can just create more emails. You just create More these you nigga Just buying more memory space or something. Just a snitch. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. To to Dis they got the unlimited iCloud, they not playing and Then whoever creating the avatars, they rich nigga don't put so different. God Yo. Damn. That's Crazy. Yo. That's funny. Niggas got Your avatar of you just, and you And the funniest shit about that is my girl knows me very, very well.


So she know that I take offense to Is she even texting me that because you Talk as If I ain't seen. See, see my boy, The fuck is wrong with you. Are you crazy nigga? See my boy. Are you crazy texting me in his fight. Oh shit. Okay. You think it seen something? I ain't see up in here nigga. You Fucking respect me at all times. And her. Yeah and her probably. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? Like yo that's the, that's the Point I'm making. Probably. That's funny. Niggas, niggas, I yo, he's a psycho nuts. It is only one of him niggas. He frightening everybody. Nobody him. He ain't frightened.


Uhoh. What happened? Wait, hold on Ohoh, pause that. Pause that. Yo, You wait. Hold on. You pressed the button on my laptop. What's the, what's the mood today like nigga wait you Press the what's going on button On my Who? You sending the message? You nigga you came out here little somber. For real. What happened? Nigga don't, don't speak to your girl through this shit nigga. Stop. Stop using the platform for three min. We have 3 million listeners. Nigga It is not for you to get your love on that. That's a fact. What you saying? But that's not what I'm doing. Alright, bet. Just that's not what I'm Doing. Okay, let's, that's not what I'm doing. Well let's go back to I, I apologize people do not get mad at me. I just had to stop it in real time 'cause sometimes my man be doing these tricks so I'm just trying to catch on go.


Even though for as much shit as my girl has gotten over the duration of this podcast. Yes. If I did want to come in here on some Glo potion shit I should get one episode of that. You, but that ain't what I'm doing. 'cause that's corny and I don't think it's entertainer. You should so I'm gonna always kick her back in. No. Okay, good because now she's gonna be mad at me. She be coming here grilling me. Hey flip. But no this is just, this is just, it's a good vibe today. Shout out to our sister Mel here with us the spirit Man. We love you. We miss you love. Yeah, we miss you. She should be back with us soon. Yes, but the weather's breaking in New York. That motherfucker white color don't get dirty. It ain't like the fucking Camry white. It's different paint. Yeah, whatever paint they put on that shit. That shit do not get dirty.


Boy. That shit still pearl Shit glowing in the night time. Yeah, like the super good veneer like that act like why you get dumb veneers like that one. That type of White. Oh yeah, the white shit. Alright man. My fuck Yeah man. They gonna kick me out. My little brother gonna kill it at the pro. Oh you let 'em hold it? I don't know. I'm talking shit. That's Fire. Huh? Let 'em hold it man. Let 'em hold it. I'm holy shit. Do they know how to drive? Huh? They know how to drive? No how to Drive it. Show. Oh yeah. Come on Joe. He ain't gonna drive it. Yeah, you not driving It. Show for them niggas. Who? Me? That would be fun. You fucking crazy yo. Why not? You Took good to show for your brothers. Yes. Yo. Did Joe gotta get dumb. Dad just saw a prom the other day with the I ain't gonna hold you.


That would be hilarious. That would be Joe getting out opening the door for him. They get that off. That would be crazy. Oh, it's the rose too. So you gotta let the umbrella up. So when Trey went to the prom for his prom, or if it wasn't his prom, maybe it was her prom. He went to a few proms. Real shit. But on one of them proms when I was in Montclair he like, all right so this is how it's gonna go. We got him dressed. Me and him did some dad, father bonding shit. Dope. Did whatever car we was doing. I think they was doing a limo. So that mean the limo's gonna come to her house every house. Yeah. Get them and then come over here and get him. And they was going through the pictures. Ah, ah, ah.


Right. This big stupid ass house in Montclair. So now the limo get there, I come outside, they whole family lined up right there. I'm all in the front Joe button in the face. Hey, hey man, I gotta go over here shake hands with this girl's dad and mom and the sisters and the cousins and the nieces. It's just me and my son. Oh yeah, the whole, Oh it's just me and my, just me and myself. It just me and my, she got the whole block lit with her people. Boy. Hey man. I'm just like, hey, hey y'all alright. Hey y'all re have fun. I hope they last.


Who knows what they're getting into after. It is just like a whole It is. It is awkward. Yeah, It is awkward. It is. I don't know how we got there. Oh yeah. All right. I'm on some love post. I'm just on some smooth the weather break. You know who that is? Yeah. It's Darnell Jones nigga. Nah. 'cause remember you Said you had your face all in the screen. I've been new Donna Jones. I don't know. Well I want to be, I mean it says that I can't see. I mean it says that right there where I want to be. Darnell Joe. Mic shack. 1 2, 1 2. Mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2.


You know what I mean? It's got the remnants of a real good weekend coming up. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna hold you 80 degrees. I over that weather app. Yeah, I seen a few eighties. It wasn't just the random 80. It was like three or four eighties. Nigga. She's the gaslight king right here. Nah, he the gaslight king right here. Don't play with Darnell. Hey, Even that line right there make her question what her definition of love is. Even that line. Right. Because when you love someone you just don't the is smoking this gaslight shit.


It is all con, this whole album is a con. That's what you think. Yes. You don't treat somebody bad that you love. And I, I'm gonna leave you alone 'cause I'm, I want to explore the world. Yeah. If that's the case, then why is marriage for better or for worse, They're not marry. He trying to see if he wanna marry her. Yeah, exactly. I'm a young dude. We've been together for a long time. I ain't did Nothing else. I wanna see what the world has. You know? You don't think they in love? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. They might be in love. Yeah. Okay. And clearly somebody did something but he, but my temptation is who did something here. Not just that nobody. He could be, they could be in love. He ain't got nothing to. Okay, okay, okay. Alright. You got it buddy. In ain't got nothing to compare to. Wait you not. He don't know. My gas light point is irrelevant.


If you think nobody did nothing. He has potential of doing something. But he just, he's acknowledging he wanna do something. Yeah. He's acknowledging it. Crying. Yeah. He wants to help are Wait, are y'all playing with me? No, no, no. I'm gonna leave you before I go do some shit. I sitting there crying in front of him because telling you I'm leaving nobody. I'm breaking up with you. Y'all gaslight me. Y'all are gaslighting me. Don't say nothing. No, I know y'all gaslight me because if nothing was going on, this nigga wouldn't sit here and hit him with a ee.


Hello? Lemme ask, are y'all listening to him? Oh Are y'all listening to niggas been here? He still going. Imagine that you play hard Up, up there. Up out there. Let's go About my life. What matters to, for the love of The lovers out there. Oh my God. He is gas. Like yo this nigga is gone. Are you crazy Alone?


Okay, let me help to slow people in the back. He's getting his shit off in this relationship. And somehow it con this lady into thinking that he's leaving her 'cause of something that she did. No, you lost me the last part. No, no nigga, I think he getting the shit off. I think he got the next shit lined up already. What the fuck you talking about? Of course he's he he all of that. But now I'm trying to do the right thing. He's the right thing for him is I can't stay with you and you are not the person that I feel like I should be with. So I'm doing the right thing. This is not where I want to be. No, that's not what his, his message. Wait, what message is his message? Why is he leaving her Ish to explore the world So shorty at work?


I disagree. I I disagree with that. Not wanna let explore the world. He's not trying to explore the world. He's trying to explore Shorty. He's fucking fucking here. He got the next shorty ordain. He got the next shorty he that Dora dog. Do you hear the boy lyrics? Y'all just change his lyrics? No. All y'all got it. Nope. I hear the lyrics Trying to let her down. You know why this is, that's what really, you know why it's funny? Because It is definitely the nigga that got off the I need to explore the world live. I never never. Well what, what you went and did when you explored the world, Keisha? I was what You went and did fam I'm this don't have nothing to do with me.


What I'm telling you is I've never had that speech. Right. You Just don't treat bad This right. Yo. It is right. He don't feel that sad. Feels the need to step away to explore personal desires and uncertainties. It's just wife. He's going to get his shit off with all the girls that he been getting his shit off with. But he can't 'cause she's annoying him. 'cause I'm in this relationship with somebody I don't want to be with. Hence why I'm fucking all these other girl. No, you said that she the gas like king. Hold up and if you think I'm lying, listen to him. I do Fellas, if you been through, Put Head up in the head waving side for me. Hey, I had a whole nother song Qub.


But we just gonna start now. Feel So, I feel so bad that I can't be with you no more. Girl crying. You know? Damn. He know where he want to be. Yeah. He don't wanna, here It is gotta stop. He knows this. This song he's just trying to make. This is one of those. It's not you. It's me. Yes. Yes. It is that. Yes. That's what he's telling her. This song is why women Stop Doing Breaks. This song is why girls say I don't, I don't do the ain't I don break. I don't do that break. Shit breaks either. Nigga we break up.


Yeah, I don break. I don't do breaks. That breaks. I never did a break One In my life. Why you I don do that? Why? Why not? Alright. I love, I love the vibe of this podcast already. Either I want to be here or I don't. So you don't want what? Break. Take a break. Love is not that black and white buddy Because sometimes the shit be fired. What Shit be fired. Super fire. The other thing super bad it be fire. So you think like I'm gonna let you get your shit off. No. But in your mind, you know like no. In about two weeks I'm gonna go crack that hard. No, no, No. Freeze. You two. You two strict for me nigga.


We got too many rules Back in the day. If I wanted a break, where's the break for to break to give each other space. Finish these drops. We can have more of the talk. Made the applause. Stop fucking Motherfuckers. What episodes this We'll do a quick A 12. Alright. Welcome to episode A 12. I'm him. We're all us. You know what It is. Y'all are y'all. We're here together. One big happy family in the great words of Queen Latifah, you and ITY brought to you by


Powered by Fuel, by PrizePicks PrizePicks gang.


You shout to the first and last time listeners. All the subgroups out there, all of the patrons out there, all the hate listeners out there, all the lovers out there. All the haters out there. And everybody that's at work right now. Nine to fivers, entrepreneurs, parents, children, aunts, cousins, and all of the alike. Welcome, welcome. So glad you could be here. You could have been anywhere in the world but you're here with us and we appreciate that. You sound like you hit The 1.5 button. Alright, let's get back to the very good man. We don't ask all that. We don't need to ask no question. I Got some breath. We don't need to ask any questions nigga. Let's get right back to the the top And way back to it. Get to it. Yeah. What I'm saying is that you said what would the break be for? Correct. The break would be for just space to see, just give you space. I'm gonna gimme space. 'cause a lot of times people be around each other all the time.


Where I want to be Like it's covid. So I'm gonna give you space just to see you clear your mind. I clear my mind just to see if we wanna be in this situation. It's like a two week break. You being willfully. So you putting a time, you putting a time limit on the break. I've never done that. You putting a time limit on it. Some people, what's the, some people give two week breaks. Ask, come on my crib. Don't call my phone. Bitch you stay over there for two weeks at your house. Alright, Lemme ask you a question. What's the difference between that and breaking up? We back put together. We get back together. Put break. There's no time on the break. What's The difference between what you said and we broke up. You asking a nigga that's been married this whole life so I can't answer. Well you you, I'm only replying to you 'cause you said why There's no difference. But what I'm saying is that the difference for me would be I have the intent. The the intent of going back there and cracking your muffin in about two weeks.


I'm gonna go knock on your door. I want the pussy again 'cause it's fire. So let me, so let me ask you, what happens when another baker come there? Yeah, it's a problem. They got different glaze. You need that. Listen, listen. I'm honest nigga, I'm sitting outside to quit that whole two weeks just Watching. So why break up? What you don't wanna break up? Because that's me for me yo dog. I just gotta watch it. Make sure she's not doing nothing In, in my former life, I never had a break. 'cause you the nigga that they got a break from because you scary. No, 'cause I was doing what I was doing regardless. Ooh. I was cheating. So I didn't need no break. If I was exploring another option, I already had the option on my plate. Yo he, So I wasn't doing that. It didn't make no sense. I think you would, I think you, you're so emotional. You didn't give a break 'cause you was scared to lose her.


Honestly Ish. If I was scared that another nigga man came and ticket you. I don't want to say No ignorant, arrogant shit. I want to say you, you are a thousand percent cor. So you didn't so you didn't care. Y'all my girlfriends that I was with in the past, I wanted to be there. If I didn't want to be there, I would've left. I wanted to be there. Have you ever had a situation where you got with somebody and they came to your cri and ended up staying forever? Meaning like they didn't go back. You guys, it became a routine. I've had girls that I was fucking with And you lying and you lying right now. But I'm Gonna let you, I'm not lying. Don't Let 'em lie hate when you do That. That's not true. Don't let 'em lie dog. Any girl that I've ever broken up with, first of all the girls that I've broken up with in the past, they might have broken up with me. I didn't initiate.


No, we need some space bullshit. I never did that in my life. I'm not lying. Did you, did you do this shit to make them bring up with you? No, I've never done that. What you doing? Yeah. Y'all say that step card, no ice Top stop Ish snap. You gonna do that? No. You ever know that I did something purposely to make a girl break up with me? I don't do that Ish. I don't want do word soup game. You just said that you was cheating. You was cheating? Yeah. Okay. There's been mad instances in your life where you had a, a situation with a girlfriend of yours where she's leaving or wanted to leave because you did something. Yeah, that's happened before. That's Not what he talk, I'm about. That's what I'm saying. That's he talking, he talking about when you purposely make a girl break up with you, like you do some shit.


Oh, just purpose. I've never done that. Yeah, that's your mo that move y'all used to do. What the fuck is the difference? If you constantly doing something that's make The girl break up with you. Because the difference is when you in his version I'm doing this with in in, in hopes of you're not finding out I don't want to leave you. That shit that y'all used to pull was, yo, I'm gonna do some shit and get caught on purpose so that the girl leaves me. I wasn't leave. She could feel she the way she, For me all that shit is word soup. Because if either party leaves and then you reunite later, that was a break. See I disagree. Yes. Hold on. I Disagree. That was a Break. I wasn't the initiator of that. That was a break. I disagree with that.


I don't care how the break came up. I get that you saying hey, That's Where I stand on breaks. I'm not doing the break thing. However, if you've taken a break and then gotten back together, then you certainly understand the concept behind I No I do. I don't on that's my only Point. That's my only point. I don't get that. I'm Just saying however you handle breaks and all that don't negate. I don't want you to speak as if you can't understand the people. You never got back with someone after you Broken up. Yeah but but see that's why the way y'all say the break is like we taking some time to figure out what we wanna do. If we want to come back. So you say though The break I gonna be a breakup and then if we get back together we did.


But that it wasn't a breakup to figure out if we wanna get stay together or So you're saying the only way a break could be a break is if it's premeditated? Yes. That's the way it's been explained. The way they're saying we the way some time to do X, y, and Z. That's the break. I just, The Breakup what We, the breakup wasn't really like a breakup. You just like you were kicking it for a little bit. It wasn't really super duper serious. But then you decide to go other ways and then you end up getting back together. But that ain't even, that's not a breakup. That's a breakup. Y'all wasn't in a relationship. Relationship. Yo. The break conversation could be great if it wasn't with y'all two. 'cause y'all don't know about a break. 'cause y'all don't ain't with break. Yeah. I've never done that. I don't do break. Never Done. But it's a break conversation. If there's nothing about a break that says premeditated. Even if you premeditated.


Yeah, I'm with you. So in the Don Jones, oh y'all Crazy Song. But y'all don't know that because y'all don't, This song, in this song that we talking about, he said I just need time to see he where gas fighting the fuck outta this girl. I don't Care what y'all say. Stop Bro. I I keep saying that. Okay. If he is you saying that is the definition of a break to me. Yeah. I need some time to see where I want to be. Yes. Means I might want to be with you or I might not. Let's take some time and figure it out. Yes. That's a break. That's, I don't do that. Yes, I'm agree. That's what I'm saying. I don't do that. We break up. You go your way. I go my way if and there's no, if we come back together, if it happens, it happens. But we not breaking up to figure out if we wanna stay together. Okay. I agree with that. We sound like pictures.


Alright, come on. We did it. We did it. I agree with that. We get it. I don't wanna break from you guys. Look at here. Bullshit. Come on. No nigga. Heart C idiot. Yo. How would y'all feel if I had like a heart next to one of your, a heart emoji next to y'all name and my phone? Yeah. Yo. I wouldn't know. I don't wanna know. Yeah nigga Mike too. Knowing this. No, for real. What capital G? Like the heart nigga with the hard eyes and some bullshit. Fire out. You don't put no emoji next to our names, yo. None. How would you feel if your partner had an emoji next to somebody name like a nigga? What? What emoji Not a eggplant or nothing. I ain't, I'm saying which one That counts the yellow.


The yellow face with the the heart. A niggas Never a nigga. So nothing with a heart? No. No. What if he had the muscle, the metal off? Who is that? He ain't a contractor. Bitch. What answer Flip. He ain't your trainer bitch trainer. I'm not playing. I ain't playing with none of that answer. A flip. No he can't have the muscle emoji right there. Fuck no. Hell yo. You better be the best trainer in New Jersey. No he worse. Alright. Just a couple footballs. No, no, no. She can't have a football next to somebody's name. No, that mean he threw your bitch. He spikey too. Yeah, down. He did a touchdown dance on your chin.


Gu Are you crazy? Out your mind? What's that shit the kids be doing? Oh the grid. The grid on your chin ain't you Stupid That that was an interesting do that. That's an interesting grid you just did. Are you crazy? No. Hell no. You out your mind yo. Nigga put fucking these girl dads are paranoid. Yo. This thing you would let your rocky stop. Would you let your girl have emojis next to men's Name? What's the emoji? You never, What is the emoji Tongue? Tongue emoji. So An emoji. Oh tongue emoji color naked. It's Only one nigga. It's only one. Yeah, just the tongue. The whole tongue shit.


What did tell, what did the tongue mean? It Won't be one person sleep walking nigga. If you See that get out outside would go Joe. Tongue emoji and shot Nigga. Not just Joe. Every nigga up here go crazy. It is crazy. A tongue emoji is intimate. Yeah, exactly Nigga. A basketball is basketball. A soccer ball's not intimate nigga basketball too. Hockey stitch. Alright so I used to dunk back in the, I used to dunk. Somebody could dunk. Your girl can talk somebody nigga dunk my because guess what? Wait, your girl can't talk to somebody that could dunk. No, no nigga. Because I can't. I'm done with this now with stop.


Your dog can't have no emoji. Y'all think your girl don't know nobody. That's more athletic than y'all. You changing the conversation. Well you said I'm talking about emojis. You do that nigga. No. Yes. You might know. That nigga crazy. Ain't no emoji. Nigga Don't. If my girl have a hockey emoji, but He can't have the emoji. So you can know him but he can't have the emoji. I can't nigga If my girl have a hockey out your mind, if my girl had Pie, I can't believe y'all girl. Your girl got Lou will in the phone with the dunk with a layup. You crazy Nigga. If my girl have this Out your mind. Any girl that I was fucking normally had some of that in her bag. Cool, cool. We talking about the emoji nigga so would take it as the fuck.


Who gives a fuck if it's the finger. Old nigga right there. All right me? Yeah, me too. Ice. Hey yo. Listen I care about your fucking, y'all gotta stop Girl. If my girl have a hockey emoji, you guys, if my girl have a hockey emoji, I know, I know that white man that I saw her talking to at work cracked And I going crack his tail. What if she hits the update contact button, The new iPhone and then put the new shit in there. Got the new pick of the dude. So what? Fix it. Look stu. Follow punch. Follow me. I'm talking about emojis on bullshit. What The iPhones now sometimes someone changes their picture and you can hit update contact and now the picture that the person chose themselves is gonna pop up on their phone every time they call.


Even if you don't put the picture, you don't put the picture. You don't put the picture. So like if I changed my, if you got an iPhone, I changed my picture to whatever. When they update, whatever I picked pops up on your phone now. Oh. So he's in there in his Handsomes. Yo. So pizza hu off. Pizza Hut is a badie now? Yes. What? No all I'm never hitting date contact. No, I'm Talking about your girl Doing, you talking about your girl doing it and then now her phone ran and it's some nigga did. Oh man. Yeah, with Jersey on j jersey and they got got no shirt on shirt doing pushups. I ain't gotta worry about that because shit, the problem would come from the phone ringing with Simon nigga fuck his picture.


Who the fuck is Simon? The fuck his picture? Yeah. Oh Fuck. That thing is stupid. Yo. Why you know a Simon? Not you? What? Lemme ask you a question. What's the, what's the inappropriate? Well I'm gonna do, oh go ahead. My bad. I'm not interrupting you. Go Ahead. What's an appropriate time? Your girl has to get off the phone at night. She have to Get off. I love that Question. Not be on the phone at night with whomever. Whether It is a a well a man, a male. Let's do male and female. What? What time she, what time should her phone lock off? You can't be on the phone past this time. In your opinion. You run a tight shit bro. Not me. I don, I don't run a type shit now This is assuming she gets to keep the phone and It is still work. Right.


Can I stop for real? Like The phone, it ain't, it ain't call. It's All jokes. S like could she get a call from a male friend at 10:00 PM 11:00 PM Can he call which Male friend? What is he? He mailing? He gotta stop you trolls. Who paid phone bill? She could I pay the phone bill? Who paid the phone? Ha ha. But we can't do that for her. That gotta be serious man telling I just said yeah she could. Your girl could be on the phone like 11:00 AM He has to say that. 11:00 PM Why I gotta say that he has to say that he don't have no other choice because he be on the phone. That those times. Why all night say that? Because you be on the phone at 12 and one. Oh yeah, I mean yeah. What you mean don't show that? Whatever.


I don know what all this show. I do do that. I do do that. 12:00 AM you You gotta mute. So you gotta mute up when she come walk through talking to the muscle nigga Who gotta do what? You Can't say nothing. You can't say nothing. You talking to the daddy two in the morning. 'cause that's your friend Antoine. That's her friend. Yeah you are. Seriously Tell me, tell me, gimme your response to that. That I'm in my house and I have yo in your house. I'm in my house. Oh. And I have to mute up if somebody is on the phone with my girl. No, he said you gotta mute up on this topic. No he said you got, he said yo you gotta mute Up. No and you gotta be quiet in the background nigga don't talk saying No you Don mute in the back doing that.


He ain't gonna do that nigga. I wish my wife went to me. Shit ain't gonna talk. She ain gonna be talking. She gonna look at em. Yo yo. Yeah mute up nigga. The same way. She need to mute up when you doing your interviews by the stove. Oh now she got em when you do your stove interview series. I don't hear saying a word. All she gotta do is get up and run upstairs. You can't get up there fast enough. You gotta whole convers Up up nigga. Yeah you know ain't matter. I ain't seen no more kitchen interviews. I haven't done no interviews But I know you didn't. I know you didn't. Don't talk. I know you didn't. Boy. No, no, no, no. That's what we saying. We saying there ain't been no more of those kitchen interviews with, they still interview with the little fine girls Because of what? Huh?


Because of It is not allowed. No it's not allowable. I don know why it's just not allowable. I don't know why it's rules but they still interviewing you know better. I just ain't seeing you Do one. Yeah You know better one. You sitting with Mandy? Yeah. You better better sit with Mandy boy. You know that shit may be a fluke. But why you stop doing those boy we say that. Why did you stop doing those? You know better y'all. What do we know? We don't know shit. I don't know what that means. She cool though. I spoke to her. She cool. She Him up. He don't know that I can't have an interview in my kitchen. You don't know that I can't have an interview on my kitchen. They stopped. You did Have an interview in your kitchen and there Can interview me in my kitchen. What my girl gonna say? My girl like my girl's not on That Ish. You could talk that tough Tony shit with whoever believes in my brother feed up nigga you can talk tough Tony with whoever is the Israelites and all of that.


I'm saying it ain't been another interview by the Stove. It's happenstance. So A long, in a long time too. Make one happen if you him though. Long time nigga would have an I control up nigga Gary answer. She fixed him up. That interview went out. Yo. Why niggas can't never just come say yo, yo I got fixed up. If that was the case I would say it. No you just say it. I didn it's not the case then book an interview. He will, I don't book an interview. They book me. Ooh. So maybe they stopped Booking you? Yeah they did. That's it. Hey yo. Houston Realtors my man right here. DC Realtors right here. Anybody in realtors? Yeah. All, all of y'all.


Yo please book him for a Stove Side Chat and they it need to be like 11, 12 o'clock at night. Yeah for sure. Don't do no early 3:00 PM Shit a fucking idiot bro. You speak demon. Think you think I don know your girl seen that interview with you talking on Smooth. You gave her a nickname too. Look Your Lips eyes, You get a good Nickname. I sparkling you girl. Annie unfollowed her. You gave the shit. You know how you Know. No you still follow her? Of course. Nah, I don't know. You course You gave that girl a nickname in the interview. I Didn give anybody. Hey Sherry, You think we don't know that his girlfriend, Her name is Sharon Nigga. But you, you a you course corrected.


Yeah Ike There's nothing wrong with Correct because y Gonna be on the phone in late Night. My girl don't have a phone. Exactly. His girl, the question was really for him. My wife not past a certain time. She can but so If your wife is on the phone with her girlfriend, your wife on the phone with Sharon at one in the morning. She can. Oh She Can. She can. She can't but not with, not with Dante. No, no, no, no. Not with Dante from work. Yo. What? I told my premier speaker. Yo. Put him on speaker. Lemme hear. Fuck the speaker my in this conversation. Put him on The house speaker. You got some house Bluetooth shit. I want hear that shit in 3D. Nigga. I I wanna hear his tone. That shit on speaker. I Tonality nigga. Oh man, yo, why are men so fragile?


Yo, that's Crazy Joe. We all fra men. We all fragile and we like Women are way tougher than to be, they are men are fragile. Shit. You, you, you, you you Stay on. You know why we fragile though. In what part? Wait, Lemme say this with The, with the man shit. Like if your girl's on the phone with a dude at 10 o'clock, Well I would be all for that if she worked because then she might be able to say work this is Terry from work where you know this nigga from. And I'd be cool but Oh you wouldn't. We fra Terry is from work. I be, we Fra job because of the slick shit we got off nigga Yo. Period. We got a lot of, we got a lot of slick shit off in our life while our girls in the house or while our girls not in the house.


And then now if something even looks suspicious, we oh whoa. Hey he doing Whoa, whoa. Oh Why they call You right? 11:30 PM You right. 12:00 AM Why you going to the bathroom to talk? You don't Agree with that Nigga as you know what slimy shit, you did this A ton. Exactly. So what I, your girl is not, you're not gonna allow your girl to be on the phone downstairs. Wait while you upstairs fucked up on the phone with Terry nigga Forty four, forty more seconds. This is what I'm saying dog. The slimy shit that we've done. Your girl, if she want, if she wants to do slimy shit, it ain't nothing you can stop her from doing it my nigga. She'll wait till you leave. She could wait till the mall. She could, if she wanna fuck with Tariq niggas she gonna go drive You. Right. But we talking about why you in the house? We not talking about the issue.


Do the smell hill. Fuck you talking about. Nigga you pan in the motherfucker. What the fuck is you talking about? We talking about some other shit. Okay. Alright. We did it. We did it. We did it. We, we did it. We're fragile and insecure. Facts. It, I've been accepted that. But we PodWell. Yeah that was a mad, started Watching Temptation Allen. I was like yeah, I am Insecure there. My girls are trying to make me watch Love Island. It's like Yo Fam. Not tonight. That Shit is a mess. You'll Love it. What's Love Island? It Is worse than Temptation Island. I haven't watched Temptation. I heard that's a mess too. What's Love? It is a series. I've talked about it a million times over here. You show me every island with Epstein's. Like that's the one that I'm, I don't wanna watch that. I don't wanna See that island. Yeah, you crazy. You'll be right. I just wanna see the first episode. Are you crazy? I just wanna see the arrivals.


That's what I wanna see. The arrival. You showed me the arrivals. I just watched all of y'all fucking have a orgasm or for Marvel lining up some chairs. You're gonna watch Epstein's Island. Hey Nigga that no, You're gonna watch Epstein's Island. Hey, just put the chairs of the people that was on. That's good enough. I just wanna know who was there. Marvel? Yeah. Yeah. Marvel announced Junes day. So they put 52 directors chairs in a camera shot and had a camera scroll through all the names and everybody on the internet had a, had a group orgasms going crazy. We did. The bar is in hell. Absolutely. Hey, no, no, no. Absolutely. The bar is in absolute hell. The whole, I don't wanna step on that moment. The whole Cast from the, from the two thousands X-Men movies are in this shit.


So every magneto professor x cyclops like It is, it's a big deal. So if you, if you've seen Epstein Allen, right. And they just had different yachts. Right. The princess such and such pulling up then the whatever pulling up, then the It is 'cause Niggas will go research it And be Such and such. Oh shit, that's, You'll be right there glued to the tv. Yo Yo one for the audience out there if you couldn't tell this podcast is about absolutely nothing. Oh yeah, for sure. We refuse to get to the topics. Number one. Two, I have a question for this that has nothing to do with anything because he just said yacht. So I just wanna know it about my man. So when you be out town, right on like a vacation somewhere in south of France or wherever you be at and then it Sunday coming, that's the day that all the yachts go and have the party by a little rock or a mountain that fucking the king of Mund fucking put a spell on a hundred years ago.


And your yacht pull up to somebody else yacht like, and you got some people in your yachts, people in they yacht. Like what's your vibe? What you do when the yachts puts get together and now the people in the other yacht is looking at you. They're like, yeah, yeah, song is on, music is on. Like what'd you do? First of all? I I Yo you are an idiot bro. Yo, you just On bullshit yo. No 'cause you just say yacht. So I thought of when I was on vacation and they was like, you know at four o'clock on Sunday, that's when all of y'all get together to build. Yeah. All right nigga pull up. We pull up niggas. I'm like, oh pull away. I got a Boat.


Man. Pull away from these Motherfuckers. No. Nah, it depends. You got a boat. Them niggas got a y. It Is different. Oh My Lord. But, and it depends on who you with. Yo, we come On you out. Look, if you out there with them niggas stop acting like you wouldn't be wide open. Yo. Whoa. Oh yeah. Whoa, whoa. Maybe. I don't know. It depends on who you with. I'd love to See that little yacht rod from last week that you would've been right there next to him. Single you. Oh, At the Digs yacht. Single. Not enough was said about the Diggs yacht party. Yo, the little, the the Diggs brothers. The yacht that they got with all of the girls that, that were there. Our nightlife.


I was unaware. Where was that? It was a nice site. Miami. I think it was Florida, I think. I think it was Miami. I think it was Florida. I think so. I don't know. Sure. I wasn't invited. How's that make you feel? Fine. But nigga, if we had, look, if we, if we were single and had a joint right next to him, we'd have pulled up. I'd be like, oh Look at all my old work over There. Yeah, You can't say that. Right. You could, Hey y'all, Hey y'all came together. Oh shit. You looking. Oh Shit, you got tattoo. You looking good. Oh you got your lips done? You They following me. They get paranoid.


That's a Joke. That is a joke. But it did look like fun and a couple of bitches started fighting. So whatever. You gotta be kidding Me. What you man? Are you kidding? Fist It was a little, it was a little fist cuff. Oh my god. Can't take you long. Yo. You are a badie yo. How do you know that? Yo? What? The video, how do you know that the video was online of them? Beefing of the little fake fight. Oh. I'm just saying them popping it. I ain't seen no fight. Oh, of Course it's come on. Stop it now. I seen No better than that. I be, Anyway. We sound like Ethan been, come on. We, we, we are. What else were we doing? What else are we doing? Oh, speaking of fucking having an orgasm ia. You going to the the Chris Brown Breezy Bowl? I am going absolute. Absolutely he is. I'm going a couple dates. Hey Chris Brown, Bryson Tiller and Summer Walker.


Summer Walker Stadium tour West. You right. Let's go. Let's Go for If the dental is head to guess who would be on the couch and it was Chris Brown. He is 100 right Here. Going Right here. Let's hit that round. Applause for Freeze. That boy's gonna go nuts to MetLife pulling up the east. Ruthford straight from the car wash with The Chris Brown shirt on. Sure am. And pants. No, no. I'm buying merch there And the jeans. Yeah, but you still gonna have some on. Nah, nah, I'm buying some shit there to put em. So you shirt With just a hoodie, A tank? No good t-shirt shit. Station on back. God damn right. Yo. That crazy 20 year anniversary. That shit gonna be Crazy.


Are you kidding me? Ice going be, yo, you Gonna be there too though? That's the funny shit, dude. Dude, yo. It is. Yeah. Yeah. Play all you want. You know what that's going do. And it's in August when you go support your cousin yo. And it's in August in the summer. What are you talking about when you go, go support him, go there. I just went to the last Chris Brown show. Did you see him? How you feel? Did you see him? Did they introduce y'all? Like this shit cousin. I ain't never meet that nigga before. Mm. So You, you just don't fuck with us To Fuck to fuck are you, are you in order to beat hey to fuck with his cousin? Fuck with his uncles to fuck with his cousins. He gotta fuck with his uncles and you know he ain't fuck with his uncle. Yeah, no. It is like a battle. Like those cousins is getting, getting to it out there. And then these cousins is, this niggas Are fools. Huh. So you, You could, It is different cousins.


You can go Through life without them acknowledging or him acknowledging. Are any of the cousins that you, I'm 49 my nigga, but, But are any of the cousins you speaking to like getting busy out there Like on some Chris Brown shit, You know how many people in the world not getting busy on Chris Brown shit? Are you I saying That but it's different when they in, when Chris Brown's in your family Nigga, Chris Brown is a one of one. Ain't nobody getting busy like Chris Brown nigga. He's a one of one. My family is fine. But he's into your family. My family is Good bro. My family's cool. He's In your family today. You look Tito Jackson in the face's jokes with like some logic. Don't do that. I don what's the other mu, Randy Marlon.


Marlon Marla? Yeah. You stupid sir. No, you gotta go to the studio bro. Let introduce Y'all bro. For what? Let me introduce you to your cousin. It is right Thing anyway. It's all right bro. You got too much ego son. How is it ego nigga? I'm not going out my way to get introduced to somebody that, that's a family nigga. I don't know him. Yo. We just joking with you. I don, you know family lock Shit. I'm laughing. I'm Chilling. I don crazy. I'm good. I'm coming back to shoot at you nigga you can shoot. I don't care. We ain't gonna, we ain't, I'm rolling. We ain't gonna be there the same way. Mm. We ain't gonna be, It is gonna be a different experience, but I'm gonna speak to you. What that guy do? I I don know what he talking about.


If I see you, I'm gonna speak to you. If I I ain't gonna be some po shit. You might, it ain't no shit. It aint just gonna, you might not see me, my nigga some coworker shit. Nigga say you might not see him. Might Not See that. He might on the couch. Mel, I took care, I took care of you last time at the show and got you your tickets. Ooh. If that true, I gotta shut up a lot man. Oh It is true. It is true. If that's true, I gotta shut up. True Said, I know he got my ticket. He sat on the pod. I said that on the pod You did Big, big Freeze got my ticket. I don't remember Freeze giving me my Chris Brown tickets though. He did? No he didn't. He did. He ain't go, he got 'em though. No, he didn't go. And then he had to go get him on the, He got my tickets For he got his on his own. No, you had tickets for the show you wanted to go to at Barque.


We go Yeah, but let's correct the record. Freeze got me some tickets. I dubbed them. No, no, no. That's whack. No, no, no. I don. Hey, hey listen, listen. Lemme get shit off. Lemme tell my story. Lemme get the shit off. Lemme tell my story. Freeze got me some tickets. I dubbed him. I dubbed him. Y'all went on like some type of group field trip. No, no. To get y'all, I'm just telling my story. Yo. It's a totally different date. Y'all packed sandwiches. Y'all met up like in the lot and walked in together. We had a, we had a like a cool, a tailgate. Yeah. Yo think It is so stupid.


Dubbed that experience hit the gang. You, I mean mean No that's it went like on my own. No, but Freeze is the bed too so let not let not shut. Hey listen yo, this is funny. It is funny as hell. Yo. Y'all are dumb. Freeze got my tickets. So you say what the fuck you want nigga? Yo. Well you wouldn't get shit without freezing Mandy. Oh shit. Hell never get shit like freeze Mandy and Danny anymore. I'm not, I'm not in the entertainment business. You Got it. I don't have connections in the entertainment business. You Are in the entertainment business. But you are in the enter. You're in it Now. Yeah, I am. I don't have connections in the entertainment Business. Well gain them. Wait what? I gained them nigga freeze and You know freeze is my connection.


You Can get them Freeze Mandy Mouse. You know Mouse Jones And he just got the new big round African earrings. I don't, I don't know Mouse Jones. I've met Mouse Jones one time in my life. That's My guy. But he did just have The big, I don. Oh yeah. Leave that man alone. The, The wood shit salute to him. That's come on yo. He's going back to his roots nigga. You know me. Flip Troy, Rashad, Rashad, Simba, Ian Dun. Yo. Listen to me. Oh yeah. Your network is disgusting. Yeah. See who else is Who? Who else is no Caesar. You know Cesar for sure. That's your man. You an idiot yo. Who else? This nigga know Soso could get you in this nigga.


This nigga shit ain't got no bitches but Mandy. That shit is ass. You right. Told you I don't have no connections. You too attractive of a guy for your shit to not have no bitches man. Wow. I'm not in the entertainment business. All right, let's move on. It's three years in. He goes have this bullshit, That entertainment business bro. That nigga's light-skinned Batman. That nigga's like that fucking silver server. I don't know what he doing. Yeah, Silver got, he just go through shit nigga like fi. He told me last week that they parked my cul in in the back 'cause he was coming and now it's just no bitches on the shit. That ain't an in. That's not an industry relationship. More of a who you be kind of thing.


And if you be one, if you be who you be over here then It's what they don't know is That come with a little, Hey they don't know. They dunno You that nigga. Huh? Yo. You What know is he that nigga? Yo, you An idiot bro. He trying to be humble. You trying to get that humble that that's how you get it. Being humble. Oh no I'm good. Nah nigga we see through all that shit nigga. I got binoculars nigga Night Vision. Alright Let me get some Chris Brown. You know what? And I'm definitely going to that fucking Chris Brown shit. Yeah. Don't Say yes me Too. I'm, yeah I don't, I don't want these jokes to fly and people think I'm bad when you see me I'll be there for show shit.


Show for show wouldn't miss it for the world. I'm not missing That. Wouldn't miss it and Can't wait. You know what he's doing. This is, this is audition for the Super Bowl. You think? You think A It is called the Breezy Bowl. That's the tour. And I'm gonna show y'all what I do in the stadium and I'm gonna pack 'em out across the country. Yeah, they Love it Though. And he just killed the arena tours. He, I I'm killing tours every year. Yeah I'm doing stadiums. I went over to South Africa South went to one of the, the biggest venues in the World. World and packed. Packed that shit up three nights back to Back. You shitting me if I seen my cousin doing that shit, nigga I'm following the bus. My cousin can't go do all that shit.


You an idiot. And I just be home like, nah we never met nigga. What we about to meet, we about to meet Auntie. Shit Look It is got too much pride to meet this cousin too much. Y'all Niggas, all you gotta do is go to Family Reunion with that shit on. Yeah. Family reunion. He watch the show too. Yo. Honey, you got your name on it nigga. Put the hoodie on and go to family. Go to family Reunion. Are you that Ish? Yo, You an idiot bro. Oh shit. Nah, that shit Gonna be, I go to Family Reunion with his merch on nigga. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Groupy Ass. Your ass outta Here. It's okay to be a groupie sometimes man. Okay. For your family. Yeah. If y'all related nigga It is Love Got look at I'm With you Don't wanna be one of niggas.


Let's start talking about Love family then Nigga boy. All come on nigga alone man. What we got? What else Where we at? Where we at? Sleepers? Where we at? Hell damn nigga. Oh yeah, well yo, but now actually we all, me and I go gonna have two different experiences. I'm just going to the show like Ice gonna be at the meet and greet. I know that's, I know your joke was coming. Yeah. Get your Shit off. So what's, What's the pose nigga? Didn't you want a picture last time? A breezy And a hug And you ain't get it And a hug. You supposed to get the clear picture. You talked about it. Wait ice got you a hug And from Chris Brown and you sitting on him like this. He said I forgot to ask. You said I forgot to ask for the picture when I was, I forgot to ask for the picture.


Yep. From Breezy. I remember that shit. Yep. He said it. That was a hug. No, he said hug said No and you said you wanna get your hug 'cause you need that energy. He's like listen people Said that about Chris. You Did. You said it here on The, you said it here my nigga Did. I don't pull that. I Don't remember shit. Yeah, don't try. Hey Ben Breezy. I like him light skinned. What he got that energy. That nigga cool. I been, I've been to this, I've been around him. He's, he's cool as fuck. I don't remember saying that about Chris Brown. I wanna too if I said it and they, they gonna correct the record on the receipts then. Cool. I just don't remember saying you said that. You said I remember you, you, You went, you went backstage. You got your dap. You ain't get your picture because I wanted to get a picture. I didn wanna get a picture. I didn't get a picture. Paid The stack nigga.


That's it. Never. You don't come on. Stop playing, playing. You treating him like he jumped. He imagine we here, he paid the stack. I slap fire off this nigga no more. He no more ice. My Ice gotta go to the meet And green pants. Stop. You gotta sit and park shit now from now on. If you paid for a picture of a breeze, sit over there. Nigga don't sit next to me. Ice gonna wear his cuff. Jeans Was What Cuff Shit that I don Ice gonna wear with. What's that? Cuff Jeans. Remember back in the day you used to cuff your shit? Oh I wasn't talking about that. Oh. Now I gotta look. Yeah, Yeah I gotta look. You use When we was younger we cuffed our jeans up. He said he not talking about, talking about, he talking about Sneak Joe other Level.


Shit. Yo, you are A fool yo. Like the old Apple bottles wear the shit the Kendrick joint where this shit is sitting a little bit. Alright, you gotta go to the meeting. Really? Only you down boy only. Alright, you gotta go with the Fresh bb have with the padded skis. Hit the Ski first. The Ski. Oh man. Oh my Lord. Alright, come on. Some had to come out, some had in music, some had to come out in music. A couple things dropped. Dirk dropped this album. It's called Deep Thoughts. I'm gonna give Dirk some Grace. I did listen to the project and this, I can tell this was a really hard project for him to put out.


Given everything that's going on in this, You about to be serious for a second. So lemme Content Wise. Ice is about to give dirt Grace. I jumped off that bandwagon into some Simone Bows type of landing, nigga I got, soon as I seen the exit off this bandwagon, I left, traded all the stock in. I am off of this one. Okay. Talks to Ice. I'm still, I'm still a fan and I've been looking, I want Him to be all right, but sorry buddy. I'm not, I'm not with the music drops So Well, I could even understand that in your position. You might need, You know what I mean? I get it. I get it. Yeah, I get it. With what his content usually kind of revolves around given your your your current legal predicament.


Yeah. It wouldn't be smart to do that. True. So you're in a sticky spot here. True. I got a drop in the album. They muted certain lines. You know, it's, it's, and I could tell some of these songs might not have been the songs. I might have had other songs I wanted to go instead. Yeah. So with that being said, I I didn't enjoy it as much, but I understand it. So I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna really shit on it. 'cause this is a real tricky album to try to put out right now for the type of artist that he is. Right. There's a couple songs on there. Be clear, there's a couple joints on it, but he can't talk about sliding and all that other shit. Can't on can't, he can't like it's lines in there where he's saying, I, you know, I I I paid for Bell for such and such with money from a feature verse.


You can't say that now. So you have to blank the name out. You have to, you're trying to talk and be who you are. The voice of the streets, the voice of the trenches. But I'm in a real bad legal predicament right now. I can't really talk. Is J Cole on the album? No, Cole's not on the features are Janae. All right. It is the little choir that was there with J Cole on album. I was just about say nigga should have went in, got Cole and did a whole album. Half of that choir At least. At least Little Jerry. Anybody, one person. It's not many features, but none of them. It's Janae. Future Huncho. I might be missing somebody, but that's it. It's like, like four, four features. Oh, Lil Baby Freeze. Lemme ask you a question.


I don't want y'all. No, my bad. I'm I'm gonna interrupt you real quick 'cause I don't wanna forget. Yo, this shit is so entertaining now. I don't want y'all to stop. I wanna be alive to see y'all totally kill this hip hop shit. I do Bro. That's what I was about to ask free. I I ain't, I ain't, I ain't going. Do You think that hip hop is, I'm too invested now. You Think hip hop is on way out the door with all the incarcerations? Let's Kill it. No, Let's kill. That's only this portion hip. There's a hip brand of Hip hop. It is. Maybe, maybe maybe that that drill rap because again, a lot Of people are incarcerated. Paul, the people That are making music about killing and actually killing are gonna have a hard time making. Yeah, it's gonna be rough making Music. Yeah, but they would, they would, they had control of the market for a while, right? I mean I wouldn't say that but They, they had a run. They Were being pushed.


They had a run. They were being pushed to the forefront. They give. Yeah. Yes. They had a run. Run. So how does that look now? Right. I mean we got not great. We are not taking the, a lot of people have been shitting on the Cardi album. Right. Is his name His name Party Playboy Card Playboy. Huh? Playboy Cardi. Yeah. People have been making fun of that. And like the music, that's the artists that people look forward to seeing are currently locked up. Like not dropping. Not, that's not, and that's only a small portion. You still have rappers that are dropping, you know what I'm saying? You still got But are they moving the Needle? It's over man. It's over. Are they moving The Needle for you? I don't give a fuck with y'all fam. Ken Kendrick's Luther has been number one for how many weeks now? Alright. Yes, Kendrick, You right. You Got that One person. You got, you got, Drake is still drinking.


Noia Is still moving. That's two people. The type of music that's No, no, no. Names are more people. That's, I mean the charts is just them. I don right now. I don, I don't, I'm talking about the charts name. Who's dropping? I, Whoever you want to name. I Think Rock and roll is coming To to fight the K. Yeah. Think Rock and roll. Yeah. Neil, Neil Diamond nigga Thee gees the Bee. Gees. Yo. This shit is dead. Dying fast. Crazy disagree. You think it is selling ass for a fraction of a fraction of a penny. But they albums are dropping less. You are seeing musicians less, more and more musicians are having to get it from the backyard or from some other means.


They not giving you the money that you earned. This shit is over man. Shit is fucking destroying and rebuilding in front of us. But and that's not what we talking about right now. Yeah, I'm About to say It is totally Different conversation. But a large portion of this shit is all of you idiots just talking about shit. Yeah It is. Yo that's a fact. It is. Yo, I've listen, I've heard more yellow bey verses than I've ever heard in the last two weeks. To my surprise, he's nice. Yes. I would never know that because I tap out of a certain faction of hip hop, the yellow Beezy kid could rap. And when I hear the rap, guess what he doing? You guessed it.


Tell him, Tell him I'm like, damn this nigga nice. But he's telling right now All Of these niggas talk Too fucking much. No, what's happening is now I'm talking about that, that sector of it. But what what's happening is you got Street niggas, gang, gang niggas rapping. It's not rappers talking about this shit. You got people that's living this shit now saying hey let me try to rap And we got this thing about hip hop where you gotta be authentic. We champion authenticity. We want everybody to be true to who you are. So their idea of that is, okay let me tell y'all who I am. No, but you don't gotta be specific in all the shit you did.


They don't know. They don't know the difference. NWA was talking about street shit, but all of that was talking about street shit. Ice Cube wasn't a street nigga. We was talking about street shit. Eazy E was I'm talking about. Yeah. Just easy. You see what I'm saying? Just easy. But I'm saying a lot of these kids today are doing way worse shit than NWA was talking about and doing and telling their real stories. They're not sitting there telling what my mans and them did what I heard these niggas putting in the work themselves and talking about it. That's my point though. But, And I ain't really even really talking about them 'cause they powerless. It is the people that are giving them the situations for them to do what they want. But even that Joe Ma Deep was talking about shooting at out in the hallway and all that other shit. Listen, let me finish. Yeah, go ahead.


Mob Deep might not have been doing the shootouts, but if you are an artist and you could paraphrase what your experiences have been, you don't gotta say, yo, I caught that nigga outside the seven 11 at three 11 on a Friday with you and you had on a blue shirt. You don't have to say that bro. Yeah. If you are an artist you could say yo, we caught 'em. But these guys aren't an artist spec. That's what I'm saying. They not artists. They're artists. They are, they're some niggas to rap For sure. That still don't, that'll make you an artist. Artist is secondary to what they do. I yeah, I'm not gonna, that's what I'm saying. I'm not gonna get the cops my play by play. I'm gonna say, yo, we caught this nigga over here, wet the car up, da da da da da. I'm gonna wrap my shit. Well some of these guys Might not be the most poetic so they're not like good with the little metaphor and The Yeah and not just that the rappers today, they biggest thing is being called out as a fraud.


Alright. So to them they feel like, I gotta let you know that's our shit yesterday. They gonna call out roll call. No, no, no. I'm, listen, We on the same side. Eight C 2124 p yo Lock. It is, I don agree with crazy. That's one of the bad, that's one of the fundamental differences that I found way back in the day when the gang started to infiltrate Jersey City and was just running up on niggas and trying to see what's good you down. You not get down and lay down what type of shit. It was like Casanova had a phone call the other day that went public and in the call he was like, Yeah man, I'm telling you because don't, you know, you have to denounce your shit publicly, publicly, publicly, publicly if yada yada yada yada yada.


So Yeah man such and such a smart 'cause he got on the record he that shit, he g that shit and said my brain early on would say even if I wanted to be that it seemed like the smart way to be that and do that with the most success is to not announce it. Yeah. No. Yes and no. Hold on, hold on. I'm not arguing it. No I'm not arguing it because there's The other side of that. I know what, I know what that is. So I'm not arguing it. I'm about to say, I'm saying what my brain said strategically When Yeah, that's what, that's all I'm saying. But Some of, but some of them niggas, you can't denounce it publicly. And some of them niggas Social media are the reason You get to move around. The way you move around.


Exactly. So they be, you can't separate from That. It's the reputation of what some of them niggas stand for. You can't just denounce them. Yeah. You gotta you Outside with them. The protection, the how many people coming out because you represent this gang, this, you know, it's It is Social Media. Social media is lot of nigga, a lot of this Shit. It is a lot of niggas that denounce end up getting dpd. Yeah. But you know what happened too? This is somewhat a good topic saying it. Yeah. This, some of this is a real good topic. It is also what happened the same way that we talk about the same way that we talk about labels, removing the sub labels and production companies that develop a and r and basically day-to-day handle their acts.


Right. Like a Rockefeller disturbing piece, a fucking murder anchor. So, but when you, when there's, when there's the erasure of all of them now and the label wants to become the direct to the act, there is nobody that understands culture, culture monitoring culture. True fucking day-to-day managing culture. So it's just a cluster fuck. Let me ask you a question about that. I would agree with that. About That these niggas are, these niggas are purposely looking at niggas to give them deals who We know what you gonna do and we know you ain't gonna be here long, we Want you to. Exactly. But look, let me ask you a question about that. You mentioned like the the disturbing pieces and all these sub labels right from the artist side who's been hearing the stories of okay, if I sign to you then, then you're signed to you, then you're signed to you.


I'm getting even less money. It make you not want to go that route anyway. Okay. But you get what I'm saying. Yeah, I understand that. But now there's less stars too. There you go. You could do it your way. I'm telling you how to be a star. True. Right. And I'm telling you that with my relationships and my 30, 40 years in this business, I know the ins and outs. So you going to do this also, Back in the day, the the, the people that were running the production companies and the, the boutique labels and such and such were usually street dudes that were trying to steer the artists Really In the right, right way. Yeah. The music industry should have handled the hybrid of artists that now is also the street nigga.


Like the car industry handled the thought of hybrid vehicles. Like there was a time where they thought that was just gonna take over and then they looked at analytics and was like, no, the economy and the the mass audience is not ready for just hybrid cars. 100%. So slow down on the production, let's get back to what we're doing here. True. And slow roll is, it's too many too fast too soon with all of these. But I think that's internet. It Is, but it's programmed that that way. I mean the, the numbers, the clicks, It's The internet, the attentions, the internet, they only pay attention to a video that's, let me ask you Do violence Because y'all say that A lot, right? But from a business standpoint, I'm, you know, I don't, I'm just the business standpoint, if I See that all of these artists that are coming out right, they just fly by night artists.


Yeah. They're not sticking. Right. You get what I'm saying? Like no disrespected Dirk and them, them niggas was hot as fish grease three years ago. It's not sticking no more. So I would look at it and be like, yo, how could I revamp this so I could get a J rule so I could get a a a a looter so I could get somebody that could get a 10, 12 year run that we could be profitable with. That don't make sense in a business stance. Of course It is. It may not. It may not today, it may not today it may not because of the microwave society we live in today. So now it's just, I could keep, again, I could keep fabricating new artists and keep cracking them. I get seven of y'all and, and I could hit y'all 1, 1 1, 1 1 and then go get another group And yo, when you versus Building with one and then God forbid you learn the game.


You gotta Learn the game and get, and now You want, I'm gonna always try to get the, the star quarterback on the rookie contract for the cheap, Absolutely Cheap It is. You watch a a kid, let's say a kid in west bubble fuck and just start dissing people that he had issues with and see the numbers on that video, see where it goes. So they now the labels it predatory, they take advantage of that. But that Ain't no longevity in that. It Is my, I mean, but to them they instant, instant gratification, they're for both instant gratification is a main component. Kids getting Killed And I was about to say Longevity, it's over. And Look not to, not to be standpoint from the label standpoint not to be fucked up. You worth more when you die. So if I, if you got a couple projects, them shit's gonna shoot up the charts.


Now I don't gotta break nothing down. It is some longevity there. Rest in peace. They still streaming juice, wrl, they still streaming Triple X rest in peace. And I low key think that these labels in the contract got some sort of insurance on these niggas when they pass away. They do. Absolutely they Do. To make them get money like It is some crazy shit going on. Risk assessment. Yeah. That's crazy. It is risk assessment bro. It's, It is again as a person that's worked in, in regular insurance, you look at a situation and you see, hey, what's the chances are what we gotta pay out? Yeah. We just talked about this. Yeah. So Let's let's weigh it on, let's weigh it all out and then we move accordingly. Yeah. How did niggas speak to you when they didn't agree with your quote? I wasn't doing that. I was, I was doing the clean. Nigga Said what nigga? I Oh well when I tell you but in The event that, Oh no I had, I had people go the fuck off.


Nah, he ain't had to see him. He was on the phone. You I'm on the phone, I don't gotta see you but I, but no, no they, I've had people go to Fuck off. You got lucky. I know what you talking about. He talking the one you go there with the, with the little cuticle. Yeah nigga put The, now you come out with the clipboard. Nah they got, They got the iPad now. That's the adjuster. That nigga stick your head The clipboard nigga. I go to ice and get fucking military insurance. Boy you won't nigga are you crazy? I hear you nigga. I would get the best deal ever if Ice is in that cubicle. Okay. What? Me too. I don't think so. I don't think So either. Pistol To whip the shit outta ice. You're going to jail. You right, You right. Hey yo. Talk about tough shit. You want make this say 20 a month big dog.


Yo. No I'm gonna make this say 9 1 1. Yo. This your name on this name plate. Yo. You Lamont. Oh okay. Yo. Oh okay. You, you Lamont. This your home address right? Yeah. Yeah. This your last name. Yo, check this out Terroristic next month you start paying my insurance for a year. All right. Yeah I think it'll be wise for you to pay my shit Ari. Hold that thought big Dog nigga. What food stamps with the insurance. If I walk in that place and freezes in the cubicle, why my what nigga, you better fix me up nigga. No deductible. I got you no deductible Nick know nothing. I'm gonna fix You right off so I'm seven till I'm 75 fixing up.


I'm gonna make your offer. You cannot Refuse. Yeah come get this Niggas are so dumb. Yo. Lemme run this up the chain real quick. Do you Ever notice that people like the insurance, they always get choked like when niggas Niggas don't punch them nigga choked. You see the repo dude Choked? You see the be The repo Dude. What Those niggas get choked. Those all niggas that come out be a door again. The Jehovah witnesses all the niggas. Everybody get choked. I'm putting ice by the little green plastic garbage. They choked the shit and It is short. You could be dead before Arsen pop up. Oh man you see my license plate is nigga you sort of a bitch.


4, 5, 7 nigga. Nigga can't See that nigga like this motherfucker in the fucking front nigga. XJAI got it, I got it, I got it. Oh shit. Oh man Don stop yo you can't see Yesterday they choke the shit outta niggas like they took the shit outta niggas like freeze man, fix my sister insurance since I'm up here too now. Oh take the points off Free. Stop. Freeze. Say freeze. Wait I'm laughing. Wait I got send you niggas in jail.


I'm telling you now they put their thumb like this, this wait, you know why it's funny way stop. I'm doing prize fix so holy shit. They yo don't let you With the one hand nigga. Nigga falling to the laptop and the left the whole cubicle. I yeah ice to all the cubicle. They can laugh like domino nigga, gimme the fucking nigga. Be like gimme a staple. Start stapling your head. Stop staple you on your oh shit. Fuck that. No listen, all niggas are Stupid.


I got PrizePicks coming soon number one but let me just say this first. This is why it's funny. A few months ago Ice T got pulled over. Oh shit I remember that. By the police In Jersey Down the block from the DMV and he On his way. Yeah they Said he was down the block from the DMV. Yes Sir. And he had an exchange with the cop that wasn't the greatest but all Ice t kept telling him was yo man the DMV is right there. I could walk there. So it didn't go the greatest but the longer the video played and and once they said this was in Jersey City and I just started watching the background.


I know that DMV, that's the DMV right there by Curry Woods. All of us go to and get our shit off By four 40. No well yeah if you come up to four 40 and take it all the way down. All the way down. Yeah. And, and go up the DMV right There. That shit used to be empty back in the day. That's The one That shit used to be. But boy that made the Icet video so much funnier because that shit is literally where he got pulled over. You could see the DMV in the video. Oh Nah. It's right behind him And and they still Fuck that Cop just being a dick. Oh my god. That was fun. Cop having A bad day. Wanna take it out on somebody and Shout to that DMV over there by Curry Woods. Maybe hold it down. They hold it down if you don't want a lying anyway.


What? Listen No that that was Lion Boy Facts used. Ain't Nobody, ain't nobody used to know about that one. I used had a plug. Y'all did. But that's his county niggas ain't know about that. My man passed away. DMV What? What happened with the ice T-shirt? Oh no they eventually did let him. Yeah The the sergeant. The sergeant came 'cause he wanted to tow the car. He like you ain't supposed to be driving so now I'm a tow it and Icet was going over. You're not towing my car. Call your sergeant and the sergeant came and knew Icet and They had the exchange. They let him go. Yeah they let him but the shit was literally 50 feet away from Yeah he had his paperwork. Fucking Cops that power bro. That that fake sense of power. White power, White Power. And they get tight when you driving something that they know is out they reach.


Yeah. Icet got toys too Jesse. He did had 20 years. He got, he Still got 'em. He had 'em for 20 years, 30 years. And to pull up on you in some of them shit while, while you in some dusty shit. I ain't gonna lie. That Nigga made me feel What up Joe. Remember back in the day that little Dunking Donuts I get out that van, that nigga just pull up with the big white shit like you said It is different. White yo. My van white and that roll Royce White was Icet was Icet was making niggas sick on this little roll over here this block. Boy This back when niggas was broke Had, if you had a binge, You was popping and look to be that for the foreseeable future. If you had a binge, you was popping this nigga just floating down the street. Shit look like the tires don't even even touch the ground on the cloud.


What I see pull up and act like he don't even see your car. Like it's invisible. Like That's how much he respect the game. Cut you off. Turnover. He ain't gonna say nothing about It is and Ain't gonna speak. Ain't Gonna speak. Oh no, no friendliest guy in the world. Friendliest person in The world. And you gonna watch him pull off as a man. You ever be in that position, you just gotta watch a nigga pull like goddamn damn. No you start playing with the radio until they leave. That's the Yeah. Yeah you open the gum, open your water, get your, get your shit right. Don't go the other way too. I won't get pulled up next to You. Right. Fix your rear view and all that. Yeah of bus is left. You go that way. Some bullshit. That's your street up there. That nigga's the greatest one.


Yeah. Oh I had a funny joke just now But make it. Nah. Yeah your brain, your brain is different yo. This nigga brain just think inappropriate shit all day yo. 2, 4, 7. I just Do s right. You got it. Just do prospect. Alright. Nah I gotta do it. There You go. Come on dog. I gotta Come on. It is fun. It is too funny to do it because I'm old so you just gotta reminisce. And I remember a time where Coco was doing the motherfucking Coco was doing the hostings and you niggas used to pop up at the hosting 'cause Coco was on the flyer and ice TV right there. B What's up nigga?


It's going crazy nigga right there Nigga. Tony Coco in the club. You right nigga. His tea is right there. Oh That is hilarious. That's Fool yo. Oh Lord. Oh Shout dice to Coco shout Coco Legends. Yes. Legend and the dog sometimes. I used to have a dog. He got the fly ass car and a dog. You in that dusty ass car he looking at dog smelling your car Poor. I don't even want piss on this. I ain't putting my Piss on this away from this Shit. Get comedy outta here. Crazy. Oh man. Alright. It's time for my favorite Part of the Show, PrizePicks.


All right. PrizePicks is the best place to win real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really easy and simple to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 1000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with PrizePicks. All right, let me give you my Joe button picks of the week, huh? All right, I am going with, alright let's give me Bam Mama say Abba from Miami Heat for more than nine rebounds.


Give me ERO from the Magic for more than 26 points and give me Jordan pool for more than 16 points. I'll hit those three. Yo. Did y'all See that Liquor game Laker Bulls game the other night? You Don't got y don't got a remind us. I mean well y'all lost, y'all got the win before that with the tipping that y'all shouldn't have got Who dog. That Bull's ending was unbelievable That shit. We got five. Okay, 16 seconds left. Are y'all lost? But go ahead, go ahead. I'm listening. They inbound the ball from over there. Catches it, swings it to my man. He shoots the three.


Boom. Okay, LeBron gets the pass. So now we up two. It's like nine seconds. LeBron inbounds the ball, they steal it, kick it to Kobe White. He shoots another three. Wham. Now we down down one. Got it. With six seconds left. Okay we get the ball, we score. Okay. Austin Reeves. Austin Reeves up one layup The man up one three seconds left. Giddy gets the ball dribbles the half court shoots The shit no Giddy iss. The in Bounder The giddy made the shot And he is also the inbound. Oh so he, I mean they weren't Inbound. We weren't gardening on some He kicked it to homeboy. Homeboy kicks it back to Giddy takes three dribbles, half court shot hat time, nothing but that game time.


That's fucked Up. But you know I'm only way I'd have been hot is I would have been happy is if I had Kobe white. Kobe white be shooting him three. Exactly. And now gimme Luca for more than 33 points since y'all made a man the other night. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Since y'all made a man the other night. Gimme Luca for more than 33 points. Yeah. Yeah.


If you download the PrizePicks app right this second, you give $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. If you use promo code J JB BP one more again download price picks right this second. Use promo code JBP to give $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


Ah, that's right. Yo. Listen That's right. I was asking when my sister Mel coming back She should be back soon. She should back soon. Yeah. You know 'cause I've been sitting here thinking you Doing a lot of clocking. Yeah I've been sitting here thinking. Right. Like I know she's on leave or whatever she's doing, she's getting paid. Know what I'm saying? So I was wondering if I could get extended that same grace, I would've been killing him. Nigga three, three pods off killed. Long Time. I would've been in the UK like this. Yo. Shout out to nigga it was What's up bro? What's up bro? Bro We in it. We in it. Them niggas is strict here so It is cool. I respect it but I don't but I want let get me back when that man shit man I came here, I been killing it.


Why you want the male? I need to get back to it. You get special treatment. I mean you probably got more involved in that. You get like perpetuity on that. I ain't gonna say nothing but come on. I need to get something man. No you good on your schedule man. Child do this the mail yo. It Is that seat though. It is. It is absolutely that. It is. The seats hold weight Yo. It is Absolutely Sexy it dude. I want to be free. I just can't do the answers. You Can be free though. You can do exactly what Mel's doing but It is just gonna hit a little different. A lot different. It is Different. Your check ain't gonna look like her check. I don't hope. Shit. Damn. Yeah man. I'm gonna turn on you at Least from here anyway. Yo. I'm gonna turn on you soon. What Y'all do outside of here? I'm Going to turn on you soon yo. His Favoritism and it's gonna hurt me. His favoritism because I love you son.


Yeah we can't. We for life. We for life. It is over locked In fa. That's why you in the situation in now nigga. Blood. Blood in, blood out. That's why you Can't, you don't know when you're, I ain't gonna say that. Yo. He so dumb. We talking with you. We blood in, blood out bro. He's stressed in a good way. He stressed. Why? He stressed in a positive. You know why he's stressed? I don't know. And what shot they leaving here? I don't know. She won't tell me. And every and every time I ask her she get mad. Oh yeah, you can't ask. Yeah, you can't ask that. Why? Why would you? What I didn ask 19 times because it look like You trying to set so up. What do you mean why you? Why you need to know what you, you Can't keep asking. You can't. Yeah, it makes sense. Are you buying a ticket for her to go home? But Of course don't Be stupid. So what I'm saying, so he has a right to ask. No he don't. No he don't.


Whenever she want that ticket, he could afford it. No, she already got the money for the ticket nigga. I don't agree with that. I think that's, come on Paul. Odd. But you gotta respect the game. You gotta, yeah you do Have respect fam. How do you ask your girl that comes from outta state? Yo. Yo. When are you going home? By way so I know how to prepare When you leave. Prepare for what? Prepare for what? When you prepare, Prepare. Prepare your flight. Prepare Like the Got that nigga, she got the all of you gotta just ask other questions. Are you crazy? Nigga Got you gotta ask other Questions. You could do your shit and I'll be right here when you get back. You can't look at your girl and say I got shit to do. You can't look at your girl and say yo crazy. Yo, when are you leaving at all? What do you mean you can't look at your girl. Don't have a girl. Don't want a girl and has made no change in his behavior. That appears that says a girl will just pop up to a girl.


Yes by mistake. Cory. Yo. When you look at a girl, I got some shit to do you. Well what does the summer of Cory look like? Both as the why you asking me when I'm leaving? Yo. What? Why you leaving? Why, why I gotta leave. I got some shit to do. Cory gonna flip that house money. Right. Bitch go do with then I'll be here when you finish. Yeah. Fucking You crazy nigga. My baby won't tell me and she get mad when I say and I don ask 15. I Understand. I I understand why she mad. I understand. And every time I ask you say, oh that's how you on it. Don't worry about it champ. Not champ, but sweetheart or something slick. Oh yeah, I got you. I'm gonna tell you. I'm gonna let you know and then you don't ever let me know. So it's a trick Because It begs for you, you to ask again. Hey, that question I asked you and been asking you Same answer You ain't answer.


I'm gonna let you know what is your reason for asking. Yeah, I think that's weird to even need a reason for asking. I agree. No, I'm with you. I think that's weird. But women, I ain't gonna get me in trouble at home baby. I'm playing. I don sound Crazy to me. I don't think we sound crazy though. It sounds New. I do. It is. It's hard to ask my wife the same thing like I got, I Don't think we sound crazy. You Asking your wife when you leaving? No, my wife. If so, if, if, if we are somewhere, when Are you gonna do something That's different. That's not saying that lives outta state. When you, when you gonna Get the fuck out my face, my life? No, you can't do That. Can't do that Corey. You can't do that. That's that's this Nigga is Corey is not, I'm not listening to y'all.


He not gonna do that. But Joe does have a act. Joe does have a right to ask her when she's going. No he don't. No you don't. I asked my girl that because when she's around she encompasses all of my fucking time and attention because that's how in love I am. So if I'm asking you, I'm asking to see, I got scared of when I could go back to talking to my parents regular. Go back to talking to my kids regular. Don't say whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. I go in like a love cocoon when my baby is around and it's just our world. Oh That's just, that's self. But at some point like I have to show up and be Joe Button the same amazing Joe button I am to you.


I have to be a different version of Joe button to the world World. But why you can't do that while she's Here? So be now you walking into track. Yeah, you set yourself up now you setting yourself. You setting yourself up. I'm telling you set yourself up. That's if you say that, what you gonna do when y'all Live together? Well, I'm not saying shit. I'm not saying shit. No. If you Feel like that, if you feel that way, how you what? What's that gonna mean when y'all live together? Exactly. Like I can't be real you my girl soap when you around can't be my best self. I Told her we gonna get a condo on the same block or something. Okay. Like I told her, you Gonna cause problems in your family nigga. I can't. So what's gonna happen when she want to just be at your house? Oh, come over. I don't wanna leave. Don't, But then you're not in contact but you're not speaking to your family.


You're not speaking to your family regularly. Yo. I'm just pardoning right now. So we know. And she gonna listen to this shit at some point. So chill. I'm Justing eyes. Y'all asking me questions like I'm for real. I'm only partying. No, you answering look like you're for real because Anytime the camera's on, I'm going with the flow. I got you. Of the plate that we got going on. Say that. Say that. You right shout aint Let y'all know that. So y'all get in. Nah, you serious. You dead X bound. It is like, oh shit. I'm trap Trapping me nigga. Giddy. Giddy ain't gonna be the only nigga hitting the half court shot. Oh my God. We keep running to play crazy. I love you baby. All right. Marvin sap. Oh well I, I trying to do some positive shit first. But we get to Marvin sap. I got reached out to by high school.


I already asked him. I asked, I think it was months ago. What'd you ask Some of the high schools in Newark, me and Ice was donating money to for the, for the men. For the prom. For the prom, for the men tuxedos and shit. Now I wanted to see if everybody's What? That's dope. How much y'all donated? We didn donate. We getting a donation. Donation. Y'all wanted to donate? We know we How much y'all gonna donate? Probably five. Five or Thousand Each? Yeah nigga. Oh yeah that nigga bro. It is. All that niggas got. Where? Where they getting the t from? They Showing up in some fire. Shit. Them niggas killing it. They rental peace. They renting.


Oh this is a scam. This is a scam. Five bird one. Yo. This this Is Suso nigga no rental company. It Say Suso. Holy shit. Yo. How many kids y'all, what's Wrong? Have you have you rent 20 tuxedos for the boys. Nigga ain't 200 and something dollars a pop. Nigga you went to the school in the eighties. Them shit ain't cheap no More. Yeah. Okay. We said 20 though. 20. You do 20 times 200. What you get? My thing is if they don't have money to get dressed for the prom, then they shouldn't go. They, they should stay. Hey Joe, they should stay at home. Yo Joe, you a fucked up pro that don't The Wrongest I wrong with you now you At the prom broke.


We gotta rent cards too. Yeah. What else we gotta Do? Let's stay busy bro. I'm helping him where I can help. Yeah, we, Imani just said he went to the prom on the train with no corsage And because we love him, we don't ever say what we think about those guys when he says it. We kind of just let him go because we love him. Oh man. Yeah that's But anyway, I'm just trying to No, No, no. Nigga. Nigga, you crazy. Alright. Donate to the damn school. Do You feel like that too? My white brethren, yo, His prompt is different. He don't need that. You know what I mean? His pro, he can take a box. No, no, I'll see. Alright. All right. Okay, Let's move. I got you. Hey, me too.


I'll see you tomorrow. Hey maybe, Oh man. Terrible y'all. Hey it's all right. Where do you Need the money? By Like a couple weeks. It's April. It's about to be April. Yeah. Am I ever gonna see the tux? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nigga. Yo. What's Nevermind bro. It's all right bro. Part of June 11th we got time. What it portobella? Where y'all going? Them little niggas catching me right in the fucking target parking lot with some fucking Mars bar candy. Talking about some Mr. Bunny look. Would you like to donate? Lemme tell you what I do. Ju juvenile football team that keeps us out of the street getting away from crime. I quizzed them no little nigga quiz.


Get away from my car Time nigga. I quizzed them niggas. Yo. What position you play? Hey yo fam, before you get your pitch, get your pitch right. Hey yo, nigga You lying. Y'all ain't gotta tell him little nigga a bunch of candy Caught. You ain't quizzing you gimme the box. I Got caught one time because I, because I gave them bread and I put it on the gram. Them niggas like, yo, them niggas from Jersey. Yo don't, I swear to God he just got you Yo. Nah, I quit the movie. I swear to God nigga I did that. I get 'em niggas. That's why I put it on the gram sometimes nigga they can get me. So real quick later we gonna talk about Marvin sap Later on. I want to tell y'all about this show. The Good American Family on Hulu, which is some type of miniseries about the story of Natalia Grace.


She's a little girl that had fucking dwarfism and food. Some family in the thinking that she was 7-year-old. Oh yeah. Oh it's a movie out on Hulu is the show about it. Right. But in relation to what we saying with saying no to the charities or the kids with the candy or whatever, in episode one of this show, the family is looking to, was looking to adopt and something happened. So now that they got this dwarfism kid, the adoption place called up the the family and was like, you listen, we got a daughter that we got a girl that we think you would love. So I'm in bed watching like, tell me more. So they keep going? Yeah, she's seven years old.


Her last family didn't want her. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait. Time out. Then she kept going. Say she's Ukrainian and I got more questions already, but go ahead. Wait the fuck. This is the best show in the wow. I can't wait to tell you. How about it. But anyway, they said her last family didn't want to kick her out. She has dwarfism. She's Ukrainian and we don't have any of her school records or dental records, but she's just looking for our home. This is what that horror movie was based on too, bro. It just came out Orphan of some. Yeah. Orphan. Because they referenced that movie in this Well anyway, so the mom is on the phone.


Oh, then they said, and what the mom is thinking, they said, well unfortunately we only have 24 hours. Oh. And before the clock, before we have to send little Natalia off to a forest do. So the mom was like, mm oh, don't worry, we'll find the money nigga. Me and my girl was in the bad life. Ain't no fucking way. That's the problem in America. Bye Natalia. Hey facts. Hey quick. This is not the orphan that I wanted to know. Those Madia some little Ukrainian ain't no fucking the last family didn't want that add M or some shit. No. Nah. Hey wait, hey, hey. Find her a family that's gonna love her like her own.


It ain't here. Oh, that little baby will never see sunshine from a window in this house. I tell you that one ain't no love over here. People with you don't know what to say. No. Now hey. Oh yeah. I what? Hey, hey. Check this out. I seen the venue news. I ain't gonna hold you my nigga. Do you See that girl face? That's what make it funny. She look 90. What's about later? Fuck she look like a little girl from the ex stop. Because I want to talk about the show. That's what make it so funny. Yo, if you have a sense of humor, this is the best show in the world. It's not supposed to be funny though, right? Yeah, no, it's not supposed to be funny. But if you have a sense of humor, this is the best show in the world. Because listen, I've seen the real story of this and we get into Marvin sel.


Yeah, I've seen the real story in Natalia Grace. In the real story. The girl don't look weird. She just look like an older girl. She 14 Fucking Kid. This girl and this shit. They doing the old dwarfism thing. This bitch looks nuts. She looks absolutely nuts. What I just looked at, lemme see. I I'd have been on a fault. Like she looks nuts y'all. Why y'all playing With me? I would've returned to send her so fast. Get this girl outta my house. Figure nails all hard. This Bitch. But wait, and the show is so funny now because the wife is onto it from the rip. Yeah. Early. Early. And the dad is not, the dad is treating like the short Dad.


Dad. It's just like orphan. It is like orphan. So she's just like romantic is like some freaky kink ship that she's doing with the dad and older Man. It is nothing about orphan remix. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. This is the funniest shit. Nah. In the world. Seen. Did Somebody die from this? Die? No, I seen The preview Joe. In episode three, the little girl the is the mom finds some bloody socks in the room. She's getting a period. Wait the the, the mom in episode three, the mom kicked the door? Yeah. You said she's seven. She's supposed to be there. The mom picked the bathroom door open the little door girl. And she said, ah, door.


So the mom looked at the husband who, who hasn't believed anything and says Yo, This Girl got hair on her pussy at seven years old. Then the mom finds some bloody socks in the room because the girl is hiding her period. Oh man. And she keep telling the husband and the husband don't believe none of that shit. This is the best show. I'm watching this show on television right now. Now you got me. This show gets you the most bang for your buck buddy. Now if you laugh, you going have first class trip to hell with Joe. Button meet and greet, Meet and Greet. All this show is the best. But anyway. Marvin Sap. Oh man. Oh man. Oh man. Yeah man.


Yeah man. Marvin Sap, she Tried to kill the mom. She in there trying to poison this. Yo is the greatest mom driving. She fucking blindfold the mom. You lying. The mom not husband. Yo. This bitch is trying to kill us and she's an adult and get her outta here. Husband. Dumb ass. No, no baby. I love her Little dwarf girl's in. I only want daddy to wa bathe me. Yeah, It is just orphan. It's just orphan. Okay. Nah, this is awesome. I'm watching this one. Nope, nope. It's three episodes out. Hey, go ahead and give it a swirl. Got yeah It is. Guy Got. Alright. Marvin s Marvin Sap. What did Marvin SAP do?


So Marvin Sap is committed a crime word kidnapping. Marvin SAP is a video going viral because he's, or he's, he's instructing his ushers to close the church doors so he can demand money from and the parishes lock the people in until he gets 40 bands. Oh shit. We got a clip though, so It is better. You gotta hear it from him. Yeah, please play this. That is, there's 1000 of you. I said close them doors. Oh Ushers, close the doors. Close the doors. Close the Doors. The ushers looking at him like they, y'all Gonna leave together.


Y'all ain't going no place but to the restaurant. There's 1000 of you tonight. And those that are watching, it's a thousand that's watching online. They're doing the math. Boom. This is a small seed. If I get a thousand online to give this, if I get a thousand in the sanctuary to give this, that's $40,000 tonight. I'm challenging each of you all down here to give a $20 CI think $20 is a lot of money. $20. Believe it or not, when my late wife Melinda Psapp was alive was a good date. I could take her to the movies, buy a box of popcorn, get one soda tooth strong.


You talking about 1920s Year was 77. That looking in mine can't do that no more. Now everyone up here, we've all sold and seeded. But I need everyone standing up here with us, with me to plant a seed of $100. Dead ass. 'cause again, it cost because a nigga nigga's in the choir be thinking they get a pass. Niggas on stage. Nigga said it cost to sit up here, it cost to sit up here. So, So, so put your 20 away. Yeah because them dudes in the congress thinking they ain't, they ain't gotta pay. Nah you pay too. That 20 wasn't for you. You got Sister Jackie. 'cause you in this pulpit and this is what I Need you to do. If you're giving electronically or you giving tangible Cash app to church. Oh. Oh I'm gonna have y'all come to the altar.


Bring that up here though. I need to see a thousand people moving. I need To See that. Bring them baskets. Bring, I don want the baskets up here. I wanna see the folk. I wanna see the phone. Y'all can bring it right now. Come, come, come, come. It's true. Even if you're giving Tangibly, just put your hand on The, that's what I gotta do in the strip club. Take your phone. When I cash out him three grand. They want to see it in the phone before they gimme the money. Now play the organ. Organ player. You gotta pay too. Organ player. You gimme some money nigga. You over there You think shit. Think you Chilling. Play it up here. A privilege. Privilege. Yeah. Give Play up here A privilege. Organ wasn't free. Crazy Giving is worship. Giving is worship. Giving is worship.


Yo. You get 40 from online and 40 from Time to talk. Aint the time to talk. A thousand people need to give $20. A thousand people need to give $20. A thousand people online you'd give $20 up. This is easy Saints. Come on Saints. This is easy Up. Send that dub. We should be able to to raise $40,000 tonight. Just from y'all Giving Marvin sap. That's it. Close the church doors. Yo. The ushers was looking at him like huh? Yo nigga close the doors nigga. Yo my nigga. Close the door yo. Close them nigga. Yo. I'm talking to you. Close the door. Fuck it. Shit. Close them. Hold up for two seconds y'all. Somebody gotta grab the, somebody grabbed the microphone and DJ booth and cut the club music down and made an announcement.


Yo. Anybody here that has a white Mercedes? It's It is running. Anybody here with a white Mercedes? I just got the text. Your shit is running so you might want to get up and go and cut your shit off Corey Or leave it nigga. I ain't give you no jump. No Jump. Alright. Alright. You go ahead. You go ahead and keep sit there. Be Mr. Cool if you want. Hey that was our favorite shit in Jersey girl. Somebody grabbed the mic. Hey that dusty Mitsubishi, there's Always some bullshit Too.


Yeah, that fucking civic, that orange shit with The blue door That just got in the accident. Please get up and move your shit right now immediately. Or we will have it towed. Alright, sorry about that y'all. Alright we'll we'll use that Marvin SAP man. Marvin Sap. Pay that dog Marvin SAP net worth being worth $5 million Is a net Worth. That's what it just said online. That that seem a little low to me. Triple that. Yeah, triple that. Yeah. Told him yo shut the door. You can't get out. That's a kidnapping charge bro. Yeah, you gotta pay the, pay the ransom to get out. It's ridiculous. It's just 20 bucks. I don't care how much It is. Don't tell me I can't leave.


You can't. You can leave once. Aight. Come up here with a 20. What's gonna happen? Us just gonna jump in my As Stop over. Hey yo. Marvin Sapp. Stop overspending gang. I know, I know what it's like to To never would've made it. I know what it's like. Or Q yo. I know what it's like to spend Crazy Son and you need the money back quick so you try to pull the moves. Right. It was clever but the thing about it, you forgot the camera was there. They recording you. You look crazy. They got the 40 right? You got that 40 though? They got that 40. Got the 40 though. Yo dog. Think about that. They don't even gotta mel the money no more. They could just cash app you while you on air.


Yeah But it seem like watching that seem like an urgency. Like he need the bread. He Needed that tonight. He needed the Ish. There's no way that nigga just doing it like that Don't cost much. Take that out. Take that out park. Yeah, you can't talk. That was one of your lives, right? Like I would be Where's mama Sat back? Stand in the back church. Nah, you Good. Say something where you get some backlash. Oh cool. And have your little Chad GPT friend Texan. Say it. I I say it. I got enough backlash. I'm good. Oh cool. I'm cool. Yo. This, this song has a whole new meaning for me now. Hey turn.


Oh Yeah but some of y'all niggas Came up in the church so y'all came up where? Y'all know what's going on man. Me Nick, Don't Y'all try to blast Marvin sap. Y'all pastors was doing this shit. You know What they doing for sure. Do you know what they doing now in certain churches? They're not locking the door. No, you have to give them your tax return. No bullshit because your tithes are supposed to be 10% of what you made. You have to give them your tax return and they want, they do the calculation and that's the number we want. I swear to God I've seen it with my own ot. You motherfucker stop sinning in the week so you can go to church and pay for your sins. Enough nigga, pay some Todd. Stop sinning nigga. Stay home nigga watch church on YouTube. The free joy too. The white pastor, pastor John Gross ball.


He knew it for free. Yeah he do it for free. He's not all the theatrics but he get the message across. That's True. Ain't shouting they want. Ain't no shouting. They want Ain't no shouting. You can't show your outfits off. And your big hats though. Yeah the white church, the band be trash. They been organ funeral now got that bop and the black church. That bop no drums. That's what you lost. That one bass. Ain't no drum. Bass record. Flu flute, little violin. Here go little Timmy from down the block on the play recorded for the Lord the violin black Trump nigga.


And I said hook up that symbol with the big. That's it. Oh Sabrina done got shouting, Got up, she starts jumping. What? And now, now it's on. It's over because now somebody Seen Hush out. Now I gotta beat Hush out the white organ player play like this. Three hours of that before the service. Right. The white church. It be trash Sister Mary is, It is saying some bullshit. The black church be like I'm killing that shit. Drummer gotta get a solo. Yeah. Killing the black church. The musician in me. It's getting depressed by this topic.


Why? Why? And I don't wanna step on a good joke 'cause boy this is funny. But if we would've just had a better attorney or better representation when racism was being decided on, the outcome would've gone differently. Like yo, this is a huge nugget of leverage at the, at the racism negotiation table, the Church band. Right. Duh. Some the head of whoever was repping the whites in that should have went back and told the rest of the whites. Actually they did. It was too obvious. So they definitely did. Hey, if we continue with racism there's a chance Churches, sauces That they'll leave with the bop and our churches will remain this way.


Sourceless for eternity. Parks is right. That should be acting. And some even, even Smarter White popped up and was like, or we can continue racism and find a way to steal the, they ain't figure that one out. And that's what gave I'm here to tell you shit. Y'all fuck they own the the fuck did. Okay. They did it. Yeah they do. We we bopping for myself. Well we stop unless you hey them motherfuckers. They got it. Nah, they got us. They Ain't gonna lie. They got the fly, they got got, they got the fly piano in the church. Oh no.


It looks dope with the horns up man. That shit be In the wall. All That shit. It be trash. Yeah. Oh it don't play with the white shirt. What's the shit with the bells is built in the, in the, in the wall. Yeah. What's that shit? Yeah that's the organ. That's the pipe organ. Nah, the developer put them shit down. It ain't a musician er. This whole street of shape. If that organ get to play, he's right. That's the devil's advocate organ. For real. That's the shit. When the devil came out in devil's advocate, you remember that? Yo, your mind is he's right. Yo, he crazy Joe.


For real. That what? What they called be 50 feet tall. It's a pipe over. That's the shit when that shit play, he right. Whatever animal is in the stained glass windows, It is jumping off. Yeah. Yeah. That's just, damn the cougar is going Desper guitar playing nigga the devil is coming. Oh fuck God. You stupid. Yo devil no sauce. Them shit's be nine if he tall. Shit all be white. The white developers It is built. It is built in the, in the, the wall tructure the wall. That's where the whites won. That should be on the other side of the organ too. All the way over there. They should be dope in a little triangle coming down. And they got the bell too.


All the way. They got the bell too. The real shit. Yeah, they got the real bell. That's where we should have won in the race negotiation too. The little girl from the orphan up there rigged it. The white nigga should have went back to the whites like yo, come on man. We not gonna be able to build all this shit. Yes we could. The other white said, the other white nigga said, the other white nigga said they'll build it for us. No white. Nah I think we could get him to build it. Nah. The other nigga said, yo, no way. Some nah there was a white, there was some doubt. No way you'll get 'em to build it. Yo. Let that wall down and if They don't want build it, we'll just go overseas man. Yo, Let the wall down. The whites have the good luck. Give them An offer they can't refuse.


Yeah, we had the state attorney the first case. First case fixed racism, public defenders, mixed racism. Oh man. Alright, let's talk about some racism for a little bit stupid. Everybody is kicking LeBron James for going to Pat McAfee's show. Yes. They are not a black person show. And this LeBron versus Stephen A. Smith thing is ongoing. Yeah. It doesn't seem like it's gonna end. He it up the other day when LeBron did Pat McAfee's show, when the Lakers played Indiana the other day, pat McAfee show comes on immediately. Immediately after sport. First take. Yeah, after first take. So this was LeBron just getting his shit off.


And boy did he get his shit off about everything. I'm talking his relationship with Michael Jordan. He went back to the, the, the draft being rigged. You Could tell from the way that the hat was sitting that he was on Bullshit. He was on total Bullshit. He had that shit low like This. That nigga sent shots at Brian Hurst, Stephen A. Smith, just all of me, all of sports media basically. He went crazy. He went crazy. And there are conflicting feelings on it. Some people Love it, some people hate it. Stephen a then replied on his show. It just doesn't look like this thing was gonna end anytime soon. LeBron says Stephen a has been on a Taylor Swift like tour, tour run talking about their encounter, which started with Stephen a saying, I had no intention of ever talking about this encounter up until I heard the Richard Jefferson leak.


Denny had so much to say about it. So they just been going back and forth. I don't know if you guys have kept up with any of it. I've tried to It's an ongoing Yeah, It's a lot. Yeah. It's an ongoing, I watched and if you, LeBron and I watched Stephen a then I watched Stephen a again. There might be more, I don't know, I'm starting to feel like what's LeBron's reason for doing that to Stephen? A Did he give That reason he don't fuck with him. Yeah. LeBron doesn't fuck with Stephen. A that part is is 100% clear. If I'm Stephen a they they don't fuck with each other. If I'm Stephen a I want this to keep going. Yeah, of course. For sure. Stephen. A Stephen a sound content nigga. I just got this big contract over here. Yeah, I I I Yeah. No you don't. Yes you do. Yes you do. No You don't. In the content game today. Yeah you do. No you don't. Tell me about you sat there and just told us about niggas shooting at other niggas at the top and all of this.


You got the biggest athlete fuck athlete, the biggest brand, biggest star damn near in the world. It's damn near marketing for you. You telling the label yo dog, who could LeBron come outta hiding for to give this much attention to outside of myself? Nobody. Yeah. You hear what I'm saying? Like if you, if you okay with standing in the villain role, which we've seen Stephen A. Smith do countless times, then it don't affect you. It's like academics or you or, or or somebody that don't mind it 'cause it's the gig. It is The gig. It's not like me. And it's not like academics 'cause we're independent contractors and we do everything we do for the most part independently. Got you. Stephen. A Smith is not that. Mm. And let me, let me paint the other side for you.


Go Ahead. I'm listening. Stephen a just got his big contract. Actually all this shit broke on the same day. The same day that it was announced. Yeah. Yeah. That he got his big contract. Five years, 20 million per talk about it. Now first of all, let's clap for that Million. First Of all, let's clap for that. I'm sure a large part of his negotiation was the standing of First tank. Take the ratings of first take and how long they have been number one and the separation between them and whoever. Number two is Pat McAfee for Stephen A represents Joe Rogan to me in the Spotify deal. He came in new way of doing things.


They're allowing him to curse. They're allow, they're giving him the big guests had the Aaron Rogers, the, the, the other guests that we not seeing on first Day. Well he had the But Aaron Rogers was his man prior to him even getting that. Yeah, he had them before. That's part of what we So it was his leverage. That's his leverage. That's his leverage. Yeah. I got something that John Came, it ain't, it ain't just Aaron Rogers. It's Bill Belichick. It is. Yeah. There's a different, there's a different caliber and caches to the guests that are on Pat McAfee versus what we're we have been seeing lately from first take that matters here. Okay. Okay. That matters here. Okay. So now you have LeBron James who doesn't do this at all, coming to park on the show directly after you for one hour.


Totally unfiltered what that does for the ratings of what somebody is looking at as your competitor. You don't want that to continue. No you don't. No you Don't. I don't think, I don't think you get, 'cause when you go clap back and he did clap back, it will never be as loud as one LeBron clapping back and two a strategic, meticulous, petty LeBron clapping back. 'cause that move with Pat McAfee is a petty move. Absolutely. I love the pettiness of the move. But that, that's a business altering move. It's not just a hey we chit chit-chatting back and forth. I see. That's where I disagree. I disagree too. You can Disagree all you want.


It is what ESPN is looking like. Yeah, but It ain't my fault. No. Nobody else over here could get LeBron out to come out the house and address them. That's one. And then LeBron. LeBron not going. LeBron not gonna keep going to Pat McAfee. I have my own platforms, two of them where I could keep addressing this nigga every single day and everybody going tune in to see what the fuck I gotta say to him. It's not gonna be good. LeBron Not gonna keep going to Pat McAfee to go back and forth, back And forth. LeBron ain't gonna keep going nowhere. I know because LeBron is media. So the one time he popped out, he popped out to what some would say is your competitor. Your competitor from even in the same building. Yeah. And I made those numbers for the day. Do something different. True. Yeah. No, that's not good. That's not good. I think that there's No world where that's good That day. It is not good. I think long term it could be good.


There's also no people wanna hear Stephen a Smith's reply and Not, not that many. Not that many And not for nothing. He did his, Hey I I went on YouTube. The YouTube click hit a million in seven hours. Okay. For which? For LeBron on Pat McBee. Right. And hour eight somewhere early. It was at a million pretty early. I'm just saying It is tough to compete at that Clip. And if one of the more powerful voices in the world just focus their energy on you solely for the next year, because you was talking about my kid, you would have to be a, a brilliant, a level spin artist to turn that into a positive.


I don't see it as good. I don't I think it's good too because he Stephen a's initial clap back was on his platform. Exactly. And what Are y'all talking about? How could it be good? I just signed my contract. I'm locked in for five, I'm locked in for the next five years at 20 million per Right. Whatever I do to the numbers, it don't do nothing to change what I see. But it does for his show. The hes Yeah. So let's just say hypothetical. I don't know his numbers, but let's say Yeah real quick, real quick. And I'm only actually, I'm looking at the numbers change. I looked at the numbers. The the full episode LeBron on Pat McAfee, 1.5 million views a day ago.


Stephen, a fires back on first take 1 million views. That ain't that far off bro. Yeah. So so my numbers is up too. I don't think it's good. And his his on his show one point, well one 6 billion. So that's my point. So let's say hypothetically Stephen A. Smith is used to getting 400,000. I don't know his numbers. I'm just making up a number. Right. And now I got the 1 million because of my beef with LeBron and I got a mike in front of me twice a day. Come on bro. Like you welcoming that. Absolutely. And I think ESPN may be welcoming that Of course. Sure. ESPN gonna welcome all of it. ESPN is universal Who also potentially run the risk of isolating or not isolating, but burning the bridge to some of the relationships that you so covet in the league.


That's a different argument. Yeah, that's But I It's not a different, I hate when you do that, don't do that. It's the same argument. But Those I disagree. I I'm, I'm, my question is, I'm is the risk Worth the Reward? I'm gonna answer you. I think that That's my question. It's potential you burning a bridge with this one particular person, but you also could be the mouthpiece for a whole bunch of people that had your same exact sentiment. I was scared to say something True, but, but they're scared to say something. I know. So now you A relationship. Don't tell me that you echo my mouthpiece. 'cause that's not support the nigga that's standing back there that feel the same way. I feel they won't talk. That's not support. But It's not a bridge that got burnt. It's a bridge that might have been yo You. Right. And I'm Only bringing that up because the rumors circulated shortly after that.


There are certain NBA players that were standing against Stephen A. Smith like that rumor went out. I'm not just throwing shit at a wall. It's Possible. I'm sure that can be true. But now, now if that's true, you think the opposite could also be true. That there were certain BA players who will now fuck with Stephen A. Smith. Now that is, When you say opposite, I look at it the other way. There will be certain media members. That's what I'm seeing now. War being a war being inflicted between certain media sportscasters and media members and people to cover the NBA and actual NBA athletes that are media. 'cause that's the other side of this too. LeBron James is media Now. Yeah, yeah. Draymond is media. They me, they media. So that's The same kind of media though.


Be clear They had it there. It's Media media's. Media media. They had it there. If I'm around the clock, journalistic media 24 7 damn near with Stephen A. Smith and LeBron James pops out for his, his show for a couple months. A year. You're not, it's not the same media. It is the same. That reminds me of, for me, that reminds me of Dubb 20 years ago telling me that the rapper with the hot ad lib will always beat the rapper with a hot verse. Because the hot ad lib is just a hot ad lib it's power. It is just a quick line. And the fans know the line and It is, oh shit, we got 30 billion fans screaming at ad lib and you just sitting there rapping good rapping good. Ain't gonna get 30 billion fans yet. Stephen a is him in his world.


LeBron James saying anything, Drake's saying anything to anybody's like It is media. Is media. Yeah. But alright, use your Drake example. I agree with that. Use your Drake example though. Drake Sitting down one time with Aidan Ross's media. Cool. But Joe, stick to that example. Go ahead. Use you for example. Don't No, I have to you, you say it's up when, when, when you and Drake engage. Oh yeah, now it's up. So that's what from the Steven a side. I got LeBron to engage my nigga. It's up. I don want that to be up. Well that's why I didn't want to use me and Drake because him and LeBron, they're saying that we haven't fucked with each other for Well maybe that's true. Me and Drake. You And Drake, I been saying fuck with each other.


I kept telling you, y'all don't fuck with each other like that. The way, The way LeBron did the interview was Drake Ish. They just make it sound like it's been 15 years. Nobody Gets I don't feel like that about Drake. And Drake gets online tomorrows 10. It it might not be the same, same shit. But if Drake gets online tomorrow and, and a, a huge part of his one hour interview is 25 minutes of It is directed at Joe button. You welcome that. You definitely welcome that if 25 minutes of his one hour interview is basically headed don't matter. Good your way he's addressing you. Yeah. You, you there, you want that, it's up. I know you gonna come in here like, hey paywall next episode nigga. Pay-per-view. Absolutely. We make sense my nigga. Well I'm not saying that. Oh yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.


I don't have a horse in the race. No, no, I'm just saying. I'm not saying that you don't and don't own reverse Are throwing. Are you standing on, are you standing on the side that Steven a should stop because he was the antagonizing the situation? I think They both should stop. Are You speaking more from like I understand where LeBron's coming from. That's his son Stephen a been antagonizing the situation. So as you being Steven I think but Stephen a to say, yo, I was never gonna talk about this, but then I heard the Richard Jefferson clip. I do agree that he's been on a run talking about it. On the flip side, I understand going on a run to talk about the biggest guy in the, Let's not do the flip side. Let's, let's talk to you as, as a person, as a fan of these individuals, as a supporter.


I think this is an unnecessary crash out from Stephen. A It is not even if, even if LeBron is crashing out also it's not gonna be looked at that way. It will be by some people because now there, there's a lot of people that take LeBron out that conversation now a lot because of this. I think a lot of people look at it as an unn. It's on both sides to me. Me, not me. I'm just talking about from what I'm hearing, I hear a lot of people saying this an unnecessary crash out from LeBron. I say it's both. I've I've seen that too. I've seen a lot of people saying like LeBron has crashed out unnecessarily because a man is doing his journalistic job. Some People Yeah, but you can't tell people how to Father I'm not disagreeing. That's What Joe doing. That's Where LeBron Joe, we not talking about who's right or wrong between the people we talking about the perception of the the on look That are going on.


Percept, percept goes out the window for me when somebody's fathering Not disagreeing. If I'm fathering, my concern is not how I'm being looked at. That's true. I don't think Steve a's is is as invested or should be as invested as LeBron is for how he felt about what was said. I'm talking about the people saying LeBron is crashing out. A lot of people are saying, yo, he's crashing out. But he never disrespected your son. He's saying yo, he he's crashed A lot of people I'm not in that. I'm saying from outside, a lot of people are saying Yo dog, he's bugging the fuck out. But then a lot of people also will hear to the response to that is, and rightfully so. Yeah. 'cause I don't even need to get to a lot of people. You know what I'm saying? Me as a dad listening, I understand what LeBron was trying to say more than whatever the fuck point Stephen A was trying to get off.


Like for Stephen a hey let's stay with the me and Drake example. When I was talking about Drake, Drake responded and said, sounds personal. It sounds like it's more than the music. This shit that Stephen A is and has been saying, LeBron is saying this is not just basketball, this is more than basketball. And that's where I have a problem. And That's what the checking them, Hey whatever It is, keep my son out of it though. Yeah, whatever. We got it. It is more than basketball. Don't, you're not bringing my son into this. Whatever It is me and you dealing with, we'll Deal with it. I was saying what Stephen A is saying, Hey, I'm getting this from the lyrics, it's in the music.


I'm unpacking the music so that should mean I should be able to talk about it. The fans was like, nah, I don't know about that. Keeping music let, let not music. If you talking about the girls, I don't care about what he says out the same shit. Let me extend you Grace, because when it came to talking about Drake's son, you didn't want to touch it. The music I'm talking about nobody son Didn't, I'm not talking about Nobody. Yeah. I'm not talking about nobody kids'. You know what I mean? So Not my place is not my business. I would hope niggas would extend that same courtesy. Courtesy to me. And if you don't, it let me know how you want it when it comes to people's kids, that don't mean I'm gonna go fucking spin the block and kill you. Yeah. It just lets me know where you stand on kids. So no, I'm just saying I see, I see how you're approaching the situation. So I see what you expect from a guy like Stephen A this is not for me, this is not Stephen a's first time going through this with somebody's dad.


It ain't, But that don't necessarily, he Has a track record of going through this. Maybe not to this degree with somebody's dad. I was on Kyrie's dad sign last time they did this. Me too. When niggas had to step to him and say, Hey, the people that raised you raised him and out of respect for us. When you talk about us, you talking about like they, When you talk about him, Talk about they've had to check Stephen a a few times behind the scenes over how you are handling the children of dads that you know, dads that you're seeing. It ain't just Kyrie, it ain't just, it's a reoccurring thing. Are You saying that Stephen a is more professional or should be more professional than having to take the routes that he's taken when speaking or approaching the topic?


Are you saying that yo, you should be more, I think that Steve, you should Be clever enough to approach a topic in a different way than taking these CL baby. Yes. Yes and no. Stephen A is him in his field. Don't ever misconstrue what I'm saying. No, he is, he's him and his field. Amazing. He's also him at a company and you have to know when your company is now moving in a different direction. It's like when the NBA hired analytics people and they started listening to the analytics people a little more than the basketball people. The same thing you could tell if you got eyes in the brain. It's happening at ES ESPN where they rather show you, It is a meme going around where they rather show you Stephen a speak to Kai Sinat about who's better. LeBron and Jordan. Everything is cowboy cowboy like there, there are no real conversations about Houston's 10 game winning streak.


The turnaround that Detroit has had. Like there's so many dope stories to have. That's not what ES ESP is doing. Yeah. Know they're doing content tv. Shit. EPN is doing content TV headline, click Beatty. Click Beatty headline. And when you do That, it's three teams you Going to, you gonna find your people to fucking harp on. I've done it before. Stay Here though. Look, stay There. I've done it before. Stay where you're at. So some of those people, Jason Tatum, I don't think Jason Tatum deserved none of that shit that they did. But that was the hot story with Steve Kerr and the Dream team Bronny. I don't think he deserved any of that, but that's the hot story. There's a bunch of these stories. Mm, I got it. I'm listening. So yeah, when these go out, if we see each other and know each other back to my jwan working here point, right.


Like when I called you and said, hey, that conversation, yeah it was cool on some pod shit but when we know somebody's dad you did. Yes. Right. Like it's just like a respect thing when you know and see a dad. Yes. That's my only point in this and they just keep it going. I, I don't agree with how either of them are going about it. The app portions of that LeBron Pat McAfee shit where I thought that he sounded nuts. I Think Joe agrees with my point. No, but I I'm surprised that You, because I think from an analytics standpoint, ESPN welcomes this dog, ESPN, your great point that you made. Detroit is killing, Houston is killing some of the under lower market teams. They're killing. Yeah. You know who ES ESP N push the Lakers, the Cowboys and the Yankees. Yep. Right. We not talking up here now as sport journalists about the parody that's going on in the NBA how any team in the west could beat any team in the West.


We don't care about that. Right. We care about the Lakers, the Yankees and the Cowboys. So I think that will Who the company? That's the company. So I think that this shit with LeBron James and Stephen A. Smith, It is a gold mine taking tm. It is a fucking platinum mine not gold. Yeah, it's a platinum mind. I don't think that they looking at that with no level of, of of disgust. I I was never looking, I was never trying to say that. That's how e ESP was looking. Oh, you said The ESPN's looking at it like they going move or shift. But you, you, You Usually on the opposite side of anything they could though. You usually on the opposite side of anything Click Beatty. Right. They just going down the click Beatty route. You're usually on the opposite side that me? Yes. So to hear that you, to understand I'm having bro, this is not about me personally.


I'm having an objective conversation. I'm saying that I see both sides of this particular equation. I don't think me personally that Stephen A. Smith was way, way outta line in what he said. Okay. Yo. And so I, I looked at that Kyrie shit way worse than I looked at this. Y'all know how I felt about the Kyrie shit? Yeah. Yeah. I thought the Kyrie shit was disgusting. Yeah. I looked at the Kyrie shit way, way worse than how I looked at what he said about Brian how Do you approach and, and not, how do you approach a situation like that if your son's in the NBA and he's dead and he's doing whatever he's doing and this is my job to speak about the NBA and the Lakers. Assess talent and assess Talent. How do you think Stephen a should approach that? Not personally. I'll answer. I don't think how Would he approach that if Getting this directly from Stephen a's mouth pause Any player that's in their first three to four years, we shouldn't be talking about it all.


Because there's an understanding from the people that cover the game that these people are developing. These people just got here, they're getting a feel for the game. They've never played it. We shouldn't be covering any of them to the extent that we cover anybody else. I disagree. Now in year go That's fine. Ahead. Go ahead. Now in year three and four and five we can look up and say hey this person was drafted here. This is the production we getting in us to have to talk. They don't adhere to that At all. Nobody does. They do it here to that though. No They don't. No they don't. Joe get What player from last year's draft is being critiqued in that manner. You Said three to four years said We shouldn From the year before that being critiqued to gimme the players Talking about only basketball. Yes. I'm talking about, I'm gonna Give you some people.


John Marant and his second year in the NBA was getting critiqued. Anthony Edwards and his second year in the NBA was getting critiqued. All Of the I disagree All of the higher level kids or not kids 'cause I don't wanna call 'em kids. All of the higher level players that get drafted high get critiqued with high expectation on him get Critiqued bro. Yo, I don I'm, I'm clear that me and you stand on different sides of this. Anthony Edwards was the number three picking the draft. He Was number one picking the draft but keep going. I don't know if he was number one. He was, and I'm not fact-checking, right he was but either way, one three same shit Grant. And I still don't think niggas looked at him a certain way for a little while. John Marin was handed the keys to not only the franchise but the whole fucking league in year two and three.


So I just disagree with that. I don't see where players, if you say see you special, they treat you special but the other players, they're allowed time to fucking develop. Well some they even made up a whole league for these players to develop dog. Some players come into the league with a lot of Expectations. There's no 55th pick that that's ever happened to Bro. You moving the goalpost now. But yeah, I'm not trying to, I Can address it. I'm not trying to Listen to this. Nobody at the 55th pick has had the scrutiny that agreed. Correct Bro Brony bro has cool. Correct. Let's stay here and we going to make everything relative One no 55th pick can tell you, yo, I'm not working out for you. No. 55th pick is gonna come into the league and get a guaranteed four year $8 million deal.


And and and they going to the G. That's Ka. There are other players picked in the fifties that have a four year deal Coming out the gate. Yeah. Who We can look 'em up. They, They exist. Okay, cool. Cool. Lemme keep moving forward. Look 'em up. They exist. I don't know of them but number three, what happened with Bronny? Again, it's a gift and a curse and you gotta live with the gift and a curse. My father has laid his blood, sweat and tears down in it League. I don't give a fuck if I don't belong here or not. LeBron averaged four points a game in college. So people are looking at that like yo, he's not deserving. It's not Antoine's assessment. I'm talking about a overall assessment. They're looking at it like Yo dog, if you were not LeBron James' son, you wouldn't be here.


So that's gonna have a certain level of scrutiny. If he averaged 17 or 20 points in college, nobody would've said a fucking thing. He averaged four points a game in college. He had a heart issue. He had he A heart attack in college. Listen my lemme finish to answer your point. He had a heart issue in college. Tell You this, don't tell me there Are a couple players. It says Tyler Collick, the Knicks signed to a record breaking contract for a second round pick 66, 6 0.6 million in guaranteed money. Other examples are of second round pixel got guaranteed contracts. Maxwell Lewis and Denver last name Pickett. You don't have his first name. But there are players that have in the late second round gotten guaranteed contracts got guaranteed they first year. Gotcha. I'm staying correct 50th pick and beyond. But what I'm saying is all of those things from somebody that average four points a game in college that didn't work out for no pro teams and all of that shit.


Now you looking at it from a favoritism standpoint, you're gonna get scrutinized is all I'm saying. And when you say that I, for me I think And the heart attack thing lends to the other scrutinize, it's not me. It lends to that like your fam, you shouldn't be here if those things stay in college another year and get your game up. I think there Are a lot of components to this conversation. True. And It is very nuanced. True. But for me all of that is word soup when it gets to how a father decides to father Got it. Like this valid points made on both sides of the bro argument. So I don't wanna continue to rehash them all. Yeah, yeah. But if you come in here with some, some shit that you laid down on earth on some father shit I'm rolling with how whatever the Fuck that is.


Cool. I would not want my son to be fucking treated a different way by the earth because of things that his dad did in his career. Now maybe it's nothing you Can do about that ain't, that's not life, that's not real. It Goes the other way a lot. Okay. But in the event did you See that happening as a dad? You're jumping in that you're jumping In that I'm not disagreeing but the other side we go on circle because niggas get favoritism based off of who they pops is all the time. And that's okay. Like you gotta take both sides of that coin. Yeah. Not if you the dad. No, no not if you watching somebody that you love, you don't look at somebody that you love and say, oh take both sides kid off.


No, no, no. I'm not saying if you are the dad, I'm just saying this is real life. We talking about Listen and listen, we, we we we kicking past the coverage, one of the best basketball players in the world went to one of the biggest media spots in the world, Indiana. Yeah. And kicked the, and kicked the back end of one of the biggest media people in the world. Yeah. And threw a couple other shots In the meantime. Yeah. Yo he fired at Brian Hurst. He said Yo Brian Hurst is running around acting like my best friend nigga's a weirdo. Excuse me. It is a weird my gerd. And that nigga's a weirdo Ben a weirdo. That shit's weird. All these sports niggas is weirdos. There's big, there's a big divide going on between the athletes and the commentators that they're taking the jobs from.


The Athletes are starting to get a voice And they're starting to get, the athletes are starting to get eyes and look at what the fuck Tom Brady is being paid by CBS and what the fuck the Kel Brothers is being paid by Amazon. Hey they where you getting the voice? The athletes got brains and eyes and we might have got robbed in our career but now we see the second window and we gonna get to it. So you know what that mean? Fuck the, hey fuck the Elliot Wilsons of the basketball world. That's what's happening. I think that's for something. I think that's Shout to Elliot Wilson. No I think just use It as an example. I didn. No I think that's true for some, I think some oth some of the other ones is this shit has been going on forever. We never was able to respond when such and such would write a shitty article about us back in the day.


Now we have a voice and our voices being heard. So now we could cont contest some of that shit. That's what I look at it as. Like yo dog, I remember that art. Them niggas take that shit personally. Yeah. I remember you wrote an article about me two years ago and you said all of this shit and I remember it so now it's up for You. That's the other part of the LeBron shit that he addressed on Pat McAfee you said? Yeah. The conversation is about him and Brony, I mean about Bronny but this is about how you can and can't speak about players and the game that we love. Y'all have killed this shit. So yeah, we can talk about Bronny but is that the best and most effective way to talk about the game that each one of us love the way y'all have handled it in recent years have us in this spot and it's shitty.


And as the leader of player voices and the league and I'm about to get my own team, there's nobody else equipped to say this but me. I agree with you but we not gonna have the conversation 'cause we talking about my son. But we have a problem with how y'all speak to all players. He referenced the Philadelphia beat writer that came in the locker room and said that shit about Joel Beads brother that lost his life. Like he's having deep conversations Up there. I agree and I agree with all of that. Some of that is really, really, really important. Some of It is petty bullshit. Nah. But Some Of It is. It is really I important. He's right. Yeah, he's right man. He's getting this shit off. He's a and that's what I said y'all, he's a thousand percent right now and I think now that these niggas got their own voice, I make mad money. I don't give a fuck no more. I make $400 million. I could say what I want.


Whereas the nigga that was making 1.5, they had to eat that. Right. It came along with the game. You know what I'm saying? Now I can address some of you motherfuckers 'cause I'm seeing y'all personally. I'm, You know what I mean? It's the same writers right. It's the same writers all the time. And now some of you sport reporter niggas is the s if I'm clutch and I represent the athlete podcasters that are gonna go try to get the big bag from all the companies that y'all are getting it for. They they fighting over different shit than they saying. Yeah. True. That's a fact. I agree with you. I agree with that. Because if you clutch and you getting ad money, you could really, it's D Drake. Yeah. I'm going up Dream on Green for everything. For everything y'all pitching Stephen a for I'm gonna pitch D on green. True, True. It is a, It is a different conversation now. They taking, they taking the power Power.


It is deep and it's fun. They taking the Power. They Taking the power. It is deep and it's fun to watch. It is. They taking time. There's a real, there's a real intricate chess game. Chess being played behind the scenes in front of us. For Sure. True of Doritos. That's what I got. Shout out to all parties. I agree with you all parties. Yes Sir. I agree. What else do we need to give our opinion on? What else do we need to the YG record? Unless y'all wanna go somewhere else. I'm totally fine with that. You good? You can play. Yep. Yeah we can Go there. Hey, brand new YG up in my phone. It's Called 2004. It is the name of The song. Let's see, let me get right to with Bong because this song was, you Said it has a really peculiar opening line There.


You Little Dre bop, Brand new YG 2004, Very Dre Nate Dogg will be right there, beat us off. Nate Dogg would've been right there When I was young. I got raped, but I bitch twice my age pick me up from school to meet the hers and guy laid. Ever since that day I never looked that shit the same. Fucked up in the brain pussy. What? I blame cry. So you know why I like chicken wings. My life is insane. Like I'm from baby gang, how I'm supposed to change with all this fucked up shit I sang fucked up.


Yeah, I know. Fucked up in some mo. I'm so used to fucked up. I get fucked up at the show. Fucked up. Yeah, I know. How fucked up could it go? Nipsey left me like how big he left ho Whoa. Slim got his life telling myself, I Don motherfuckers don't deserve even I'm letting this play because this is super hard. Keep hitting You love that ride. No, It is, It is. It is hard. Pause. It's appropriate.


Wait a minute. Okay. Now back when I was a ju shit got used for the dick. I ain't even know what to do with the bitch. Confused. The bitch heard me son with the school with the bitch. My screws loose. Who got the tools to fix? So I went to the homies and we talked strip hypnotized from Let's pause it. At least have some conversation. Okay. That's Just tough. I wanted to fast forward to the last verse where he gets into, I was 14 years old when I got my dick socks. 14 years old when I first used my dick when she did this and yada yada yada. We'll get to it First thoughts? It's Fire.


First thoughts. First thoughts on this Super fire. Very best YG record I've heard in a really long time. And I like YG. Same huge YG fan. Yeah. I'm not mad at, I'm not mad at it. It It is, it's a different, he's getting into like a trauma bag. I've never heard introspective. Yeah. Intro Introspective. Not this level of introspective. Yeah. He's, he's, you know, I lost my homies. He's, you know, I'm dealing with losses, but this is a, this is different. Yeah. Maturity. Yeah. You know, that sounds like therapy. Real. That's like, I went to therapy because a lot of times the real issue is dudes don't even realize that they were assaulted. Assaulted. Right. That's that's the, that's the underlying issue right there.


So, Well that's what he got into. He Talking about how, hey, I didn't realize that because I liked it. Yeah. Like I had a blast. We kept doing it. I knew her niece, but as I got older I realized yada, yada, yada, yada yada. So listen, that's Deep. Very, not only is the song super, super, super hard once you get past the abrasiveness of, of the first line and start listening to it, what a deep concept record word. This is a flyaway I think to have that conversation. It is because you know, I joke all the time with, and maybe we shouldn't, but with the guys that have lost their virginity that way, like, yo dog, You Was you, was that a and they like no nigga, He, he talks about how he talked about it with the homies.


Right. And the homies was like, nigga, those, that's some fly shit. That's how we really look at it. That's how we look at it. Oh you, you fuck Miss Brenda? Yeah. We don't look at it. We at that old shit like, yo that's how we look at It is as young guys, we always had a fantasy to fuck with the older women anyway when we was in our teenage years. You fantasizing the guidance counselor or the teacher or whomever the case may be. We look at it like it's some fly shit. You not looking at it like this older woman mentally manipulated you. You know what I'm saying? We not looking at it like that. Or she could have potentially took your innocence. We not looking at it like that. And, and something else we never really talk about is a lot of times I I I know it happened to me. I know what happened to my brother and a bunch of other younger ones. Your mom's friends be saying things that's not Oh yeah, you could get it off with the boys.


You know what I'm saying? Off with boys. So you gonna be my boyfriend in this instead. And it, it, it sounds Kiki ha ha ha. But that's some, that's some fucked up shit. It's some InApp and it sets it in your mind that, oh, I should like the older chick because she like me. There's nothing wrong with that. We gotta change our way of thinking. No, I just think like if completely the way, the way that we think is we gotta change it completely. But that goes into the, the double standard shit. Like, yo, your my, my girl, I can talk my girl's son, he 24, 25, but he's mad. Like women be like, yo, he's so attractive. Like he need to be in movies and magazines and all that shit. Right, right. Yo, your friends be like, girl, if that wasn't your son girl, like they say all of that shit, you can't say that to a girl.


Right. You know what I mean? Like, yo dog, that wasn't your daughter bop. You know what I'm saying? You get stole on. So I just think how the world views the shit is differently. You know what I mean? Like, yo, a 19-year-old dude cut up abs and all that shit. The older women can fantasize about me A nice body. Huh? Look what a nice body you saying like, What's my, no, we know, we know it. You know what I'm saying? Like, yo, the women always say it and it it, they don't look at it like nothing at all. You know what I'm saying? But whereas if it's a 19-year-old girl and these 40-year-old niggas, It is like, man boo, we get looked at like creep. You know what I'm saying? It is just, it's just how we view the shit in, in society. I just think this is a super hard way to have The conversation with a male conversation with people. Very fire. Yeah, I agree. For men that have a shared experience.


I Agree. Thousand percent. And again, the song is hard. I'm gonna let it play. Yeah. Shit. Play firefighter. Okay. Why is my shit not playing? No. Yeah, it's me. Bull ass waffle on. All right now. Careful This off. iPhone. Yeah. That's when I bust my first nut. Young nigga with his dick all in a grownup with the shit some real quick high grown up I took advantage of and I liked it. So what y'all call that sex abuse Shit. I just thought shit was doing some cool shit. If I would've told mama about, Hey wait a minute.


Hey, this Shit hard. Shout the buddy. It is hard. I just don't know. I'm gonna ride to it. The windows down. I just gotta figure that part out. I like this. It's like a, the guys got raped Anthem. Hey, So just thank me for the next time you start asking. Why'd you like that? Why'd you sad bitch? Why behold you fuck with his never alone lasting? No access to my heart. I get no, A bitch took advantage of me. I ain't got no trust. The bitch took advantage of me. I ain't getting no fuss. At 14 years old. I got my dick sucked at 14 years old. I got my dick fucked. The hoe was 30 years old and I never told was dating a niece when this happened.


It was swear on my soul. That's how it go. This is a real serious subject. That's crazy. So you gotta be serious about it. We gotta change our way thinking, but we gotta make dude rape sound more undesirable Like That. That's a, That's a big part of this. 14 years. Got my dicks up. Yo. This last verse sound like 14 years old. Got dick. Yeah. This was, That verse sound like a nigga. That's porn. A time. That's a, that's porn. We gotta talk about the downside of the bad Way of thinking. Yo. Like I'm hoping that he got to that later in the verse. But Even the guys, We need Kendrick to do it. We Need even the older guys in the neighborhood, they'll big you up if you fuck so old though.


You know what I'm saying? Yo. Yeah. Word. Like that was the thing that was an accolade. You know what I mean? Now as you get older, that shit's a stack. You know, you just gotta change this warp way of Thinking. And how tall was he at 14? I don know. It's irrelevant. I don yo d. It's a bad time for Joe. Yeah, I'm sorry. Trying to light the mood. That's a whole genre of porn. I gotta see. Oh Shit. It is. It is. Yo do fucking the older lady. It is a genre of porn. Mil milf. Yeah. It's a Where you think that came from? Mom? I like the fuck. I know. You know what I'm saying? Like, yo, Yo. Shout to all victims out there again. Shout out to YG for being this bold.


This is a really bold It is. It is. I agree. It is Song. It is a bold opening line. Shout out to the team in the studio. Oh man. I'd Love it. I know when That shit came through with the bigs or Like, oh my Lord, I'd love to have been in That controller. He paused after the first line too. Yeah, it's in there. Rolling up. Are You sure you wanna Say this? I'd have been like, yo, we recording Yo. Yo. It gone. Yo, we, the verse supposed to start right There. He like, nah, that's the first. I'm Like, oh shit. When I was young, I got ard. I wanna hear what the other versions are. Somebody had to talk him into just being this strong. The other version, he tried to do it on a loaf. Tried to do a Little, I got R word. They was like, nah, you really gotta tap into that.


Come on Mar YG. What's happened in that dark, deep? That pain She took it. What pain you got from fucking 30 all? Come on, forget It. Yeah, see, see, I'm part of bro Brothers bro. And he, he said what pain he got problem. And he was younger. You, you shot for the older, older women too. Look at your Me too. Look at your man at your pathetic, Andy over Here. We not looking at Corey. Fuck outta here. We're not looking at Corey. And our har goes out to YG again. Strong. Our heart goes out to victims and guys that have got raped. I, I tell my girl, this fucking girl raped me. She wasn't buying that shit. I wasn't 14, but All right.


She didn't buy at all. She ain't get fuck. I wouldn't have Brought it neither bows. That's Fucked up. That's part of Ronald. Yeah. That's kind of fucked up. Right back to the record right there. It's not though. It is cool. Yeah. It's conversation we got. Come on now. You invited that girl in to fucking watch the Eagles game man. She started hitting that tender spot on your tender. You Gave her, started making your body react a certain way when you knew better and your mind, body, spirit, And so on. And you gave her a foursome Ds and she put her mouth down there. You pull her hair, Get out. You right, right, right there, right there though. Yo, stop Doing this.


I said no. Yeah, don't put that. Now take that red light off me. Your, that's your bad look. Then it turns. Why are you doing that to me? God No. Yes. That's so wrong. That's your man, yo. That's your man. No, that's your boy right there, yo. Yeah. I'm telling you Niggas be, Man. Why you? No, how you do that? Who's your jaws getting made out?


Get off, Please. Oh man. Please stop. Yo. Please stop doing. Oh Shit. Yo, bro. Relax. Fuck is you doing? That's Wrongest. I, no, that is, that's Wrongest. I, that is a man saying no, no means no. No. They don't say how You Right. How you gotta say the no if you're a man. What you No, no. Stop. Don't. Yo, I was trying to grab her hair. Stop. Don't off me. Yo. Grabbed her hair. Stop. Why? Why are You doing this to me? Fuck it. That's the eventual said.


No, don't stop, go to, I mean your No stop. Don't go to No, don't stop. I have to let You do this to get you off of me. That's the only way I could There. You happy? Yeah. You got what you came for. Shout to YG, man. It is terrible, man. I apologize man. Oh my Lord. Alright, is there anything else we gotta get to? We just go, just go from this nigga on the couch doing all type of motion. Yo. Yo. Yo. Y'all good? Yo, this niggas crazy. Yo, you are sick off. You are real sicko. So I'm off. Yeah, you good? So It is off, Man. Yeah, I tried to handle the subject. Seriously. You Tried? Is that what you did? You did it for No, he did. He did it for a good portion. And I said I'm proud to jumped out. We took you off the subject. Yeah. I'm proud of you.


Proud of you dog. Anyways, Yo, what, what was your biggest age differential? Mm. I think Xavier was 14. She was 30. That's crazy. Well, I wasn't fucking at 14. No, I'm just saying general. That's a 16 year gap. Yeah. 22 years. God dang. Oh, you was raping? No, I was an, I was an adult though. Still. She still mentally everything. She still, she got you what She got you gang? Yeah, I was 22. She was 44. My biggest age gap now, when I was in high school and the older joints would come to bring me food and shit.


I was just dangling dick. I wasn't fucking them. So my biggest, eh, it wasn't that much. Eight Years, nine years. Yeah. It was probably 10, 12. Yeah. I think I'm probably like 15. Wasn't nothing too crazy. I'm thinking like, like 15. It was old joint. Yeah, she was old. She had that spanky Too. It's tough being RAs now where you can knock down the mom and the door and The daughter. Yeah. See even that, you can't say that the women be on. Yeah. Yeah. The women be on Instagram. You better stop playing with me 'cause I could fuck you or your father. Or I could fuck you or your son. The women will say that shit on ig. I don, I seen you a couple bitch. Oh no, we can't say that shit. You see some of these moms? I seen him. Now you now you can't say about the daughter.


I don understand what you're saying. That's my point. Oh, I'm thinking about the mom. That's what I'm Saying. No, no, no, no. Mom got It is enough to, I get it. For This to apply now to Say you would, we can't say we just sat here respectfully. We just sat here and was talking about the young lady. Was it, was it Ari Moms? It's Isha mom. Isha mom. Excuse me. I was confused him too. Karisha mom was great. We just, we just sat there and talked about him. Keisha mom, look great. Shout Karisha mom. And respectfully, I'm not respectfully. Of course. Yeah. Like yo dog, the lady could be 50. You know What I'm saying? Somebody looks great. Is respectful. By the way It is Thousand. I Mean, the respectfully part makes, it gives it like a hint of disrespect If you, well no, because it could easily go to y'all.


Tear that shit up. You, She looks great. All you're saying is she looks great. That's respectful. That's respectful. It go. Some people can take, You can't dictate it. She doesn't look good though. They can take it as disrespect. She Doesn't look good. Yeah. Oh, please. Do you see what the girl said when sweet's dad got leaked? I did. Please. The girls can say that they Had a field day, which with sweet's Dad. That's how Mother Yes. On Moving on, Moving on, moving on, moving on, moving on, moving on. Anything else that we need to get to? Will Smith dropped his album? Will Smith dropped his album? Did. He did not Cover it. I listened to a little bit of it and then it got really, really like Gospel rappy.


Yep. And that's gospel rap. My problem with gospel rap, it's funny 'cause I listen to like 5% of rap. It is like, what would be my favorite genre? But gospel rap be like, yo, we about to turn up. It's a Friday at the church. It is like, it's my, I was almost there, but then he lost me. Like it's unrealistic. Exact same take, bro. I listened to the Will album. I got, I think it's about track seven or eight where it just went too far. And I was like, all right. I had to cut it off. Just be Cool with the gospel shit. Like slip it in, cool pause. Nah, they don't. He had, he had a couple records was up there. That was all, yeah, there is, production Was fine. There is a couple good records under I from my ear. It sound like Big Sean wrote a lot of This.


Oh yeah. Didn didn't, I actually, I didn't analyze That. Like from Track. I think two, well two is a skit. No, two is a track, three is a skit. But like two, four, and five. I, I just listened to him and I could hear big Sean's voice actually spitting these lines. But I mean, again, good music is good music wrote. Yeah. But then it just got a little too gospely for, I don't even know how the album ends. 'cause it, It is just too much positivity and gospel. I had to too much positivity. Yeah. I won't hear all that positivity in my rap. I have not heard the project. But salute the will. I am. Yeah, for Sure. I heard It is dope. I'm going to listen to it. And another thing that stood out to me is Will's cursing on his rap. So, oh was he? Yeah. I didn't hear no curses. He's cursing his rap, cursing his on the intro, the skits like curse At Oscar.


Man. He did the Fuck he talked. But you know Will Smith was You Curse cursing in? Yeah, that was his whole thing. It was not cursing in his music. You can't think of No Will Smith raps back in the day that he was cursing there. Yeah, But that's when we ain't really know Will Smith. And that was before Will Smith was welcome. Usually Will Smith wasn't cursing in the house. I know that. I don, I don the house. I don't know what brand of white shirt he had on in that Gilead Wallow interview, but that nigga just looked rich. That's what I'm saying. Now I'm curse Rich, bro. Yeah. If I'm rich, rich like this, I'm gonna curse. Need my collar to sit up like that. That nigga shit just look wealthy. Yo skin glowing. But nah, I heard project. I I ain't listening to it yet though. But I heard a all I'm gonna check it out.


I support the older rappers dropping albums now. I Love it. Yeah, me too. I do, I Love it even more like, 'cause it, it seems like they doing it with more freedom. Look, don't need, you don't need the money. S like, I like, I loved seeing him and Gilly do that verse. Yes. The mc la last year was not bad. Yo, Him and Gilly doing that shit. That shit was dope. Yeah. I remember them dumb ass lyrics too. Ain't No pressure yo. Yeah. You doing it as a like a, I'm not trying to make money off this. A hobby project, a love project. I don't need the money. Ll didn't need the money. Right. You know what I'm saying? I don't need the money. It's, it's niggas who doing it for the love. I can really rap for the love. I'm not chasing no trend. I get to be me comfortable. And this is what I wanna say.


None of y'all can steer me and make, make me be something out there to sell a record. Did anything, did anything else happen in music that we need to get to? Jesse Reyes dropped. I'm a huge fan. It's, I love Jesse Reyes too. It's fire. It's fire. I have no deep dive yet because I don listened to it one time on the phone first thing in the morning. Jessie Reyez albums normally B Fire. They Do. Her last album was super duper fired. This one, it's early. It's too early. I don't wanna say I'm gonna go check it. It Sounded, it sounded Good. I didn't even know she dropped. I'm gonna check it out. It Didn't sound as good as the last one, but it was one Listen. So I didn. Got it. Got it. Alright, so that is it in music. What else is there?


What else is there? What does that say about Sexy Red right there? Sexy Red's kids'. Grandmother is suing her because she said Sexy Red sent fans to her house to attack her. So it's, it's the, it's the child's father's, father's mother. And she's like, yo, I know you in beef with my son. I, I've tried to get in and help squash that. But she allegedly posted a picture of the mom's house on Facebook. Ooh. And told the fans they should kick her door in all alleged. But she's suing. She said she's trying to move. She can't find someplace that's suitable housing in her, her financial range. So she's suing it for five. So now you got, you got you making me move.


You gotta pay for me to move into a better neighborhood. 'cause I can't afford nothing. Got It. I'm, I'm, I'm here for docx lawsuits. Yeah. Man, I don't docx nobody. Oh boy. That we talked about. They done docx him and got him evicted. The dude that was doing the, the, the video that the, the Muscle Bound dude Ashton, I Don't know his name. Yeah. His name is Ashton. I just told you his name. Yeah. Salute. It is not homophobic to know his name. I didn't say anything about Homo. His name is Ashton. Nothing about Ho. I just don't know Name. You look like you didn't wanna learn it neither after I told you. Still Wouldn't say it. I don, there's a lot of names that I don't learn. I don't pay attention to me. His Name, his name, His name SLU Salute. So It is Mr. Ashton. There Go, his name is Ashton Salute to him. But yeah, It, there's another one, one That got doxed in All kind of shit.


Yeah. Salute. All that do Fucked Shit Is corny. Yeah. They said he got kicked outta his little 12, $12,000 month home out there in Brickle or somewhere. Ashton. I don't know that to be true. I just seen it on the internet. I didn't fact check it. The lie was more fun if he Got kicked out a $12,000 a month apartment. Yes. Right, Right. When he got fa internet famous, he'd Be all, he'd be all right. He bounce. He'd land. All right. Take his little real money and Y'all can't see your dumb as glasses on. I'm Chilling. I'm just taking your word for my brother. You in real estate. I'm not 12,000 a month. I ain't gotta be in real estate to know. He all right. Or if he was able to get a 12,000 a month, it if he could, if he could afford $12,000 a month, he could go somewhere else.


Yeah. He some other Shit. Well have to be nine but it'd be all right. It is some other shit on Biscay Bay. He could get he. All right. Let's see. We gotta keep our eyes on the matter. You Gotta see how young Ashton fares. That's true. That's True. How he bounces Back. Saratoga help him out. That's the shit he made. Saratoga. All that money. Good looking. Ain't about to cut it dog. Not a, not a penny Outta all. Not a penny. Thanks Ashton. Kick rocks buddy. Let's see what else, what else? I think that's everything that is important. I wanna sign whatever petition there is out there that lets our legends go be legends and not have to get up and go to work and ruin their entire legacy.


Continuing trying to work when you're 90 years old. I went to go see Alto Knight where Robert Dero is playing the lead. The both lead roles. It is, it's a gangster movie. Oh, okay. It's the whole Genevieve Calderone, yada yada yada. Gotcha. The Genevieve family, Whatever family Calderone fucking though it's a whole bunch of It is. It's a mom story that involving all of the bosses, the Five families. Okay. Yeah. All of the bosses in fucking New York City. And what was going on back then and the story of how one of them shot the other one, they was best friends growing up but De Niro was playing the role of both, both crime bosses. Really?


Yeah. Which sounds really, really, really, really intriguing. Took all the money until you go see it. See that's all I said. Took all of De Niro's just taking all the money from the flick. That's all I heard when you said that. And Then De Niro name carry enough weight to where if you tell me he's doing that, I'm gonna go see, I am Going see, I'm gonna See a mob movie and I'm playing two roles. That's what I'm saying. A Robert De Niro mob movie. No grade what we talking about. Yeah. And the director is like 90 years old. So I thought they was gonna get into just the spirit of back then. And if you tell me that one person is playing two roles, I think that the script to this movie is phenomenal. I gotta see it. Yeah. That's enough. It wasn't, it wasn't any of that. It wasn't, it wasn't any of that. I'm What's the name of it? Alto What? Alto nights. Alto Nights in Theaters or Street?


In theaters. In theaters. I went to the actual movie to see this. I fucking drove myself. 'cause my fucking driver wanna be on vacation parked on the street and bitch ass niggas got a one hour meter on the street and they got a movie. What the fuck is the point of a one hour meter at the movie theater? We want you not to park on the street. We want you to spend the money to park in the thing across the street. Boy, they want me to keep spending money re-upping in the little parking meter app every hour while I'm in the movie theater. Yo dog. If y all don't get the fuck outta my House. That's the game now. Tough. I hate it here. Why ain't just parked across the street? Are you scared they gonna catch you on the, on the walkout? I was afraid. Honestly. You gotta walk Back to The car. Honestly, I was scared. Underground little kick. I wouldn't never been able to admit that if you wasn't here in my front of That's over 20 years, man.


I was scared. They Sit right there in the cut waiting. I was afraid, Yo, we gonna see who come out and get in here. Yeah. I thought that if I parked over there and had to take the walk, then yeah it might, one, I would've made it safely make it tricky. Two, they might've taken all my belongings. Any my watch, anything I had on three, I was in front of. My girl wouldn't wanna put her in a harmful situation. Never. But she would've to look at me Differently. Differently After I gave up all my stuff, then She really wouldn't go home. 'cause she emphatically been staying here to protect you. Yeah, I would've, she might have been home because I wouldn't have just gave it up smooth. She Had have left. Yeah, she might've left. She might've left. Oh this what you I would've gave it up emphatically too. Oh facts. Well I gotta hurried. I'd have hurried up so no one got hurry. You Ain't even see I had this one on here. Listen. And and I wanna let the audience Know If somebody catches you slipping and they run upon you with that thing You got, give it Up.


Hey, it's not worth your life man. This nigga is so stupid. You Know it's not All you play so y'all think It is. I don't. I no Nigga It is not worth your life man. Give it up and if you happen to get a glimpse of them, that one 800, here's A tip. Crime stoppers. Hey, hey, Hey my, Here's a tip I can give you. That's the best commercial ever. That's the best commercial in the world. It's the way he started. But I ain't gonna do it 'cause I walk with him with, oh man. Hey call Up one 800 crime stoppers man. See if we can nip this thing in the bud. He crazy. My name is Tip, but I'm here to talk to y'all about a different type of tip. You crazy.


That's funny. I'm sorry. Jesus. Sorry I didn do that. He he knew Where he was at. I was in the bathroom Long time though. I used to pull that move in Sears. Nah, I was eating chips. I used to pull that move when I worked at Sears, I was eating chips. I was on a phone call. An important one. And I was uploading Something. Tell the people Flip. You was there for a while though. Flip About six minutes. Tell the people Oh no, if they get the drop on you give it up smooth Or you trying to make it hard for me. You trying to, I'm just saying you nigga At work Nigga, stop playing with me. Real well stop going in there and playing with your phone. You can't do that at work. Yo. Do you want me to play with it on camera? I gotta, You can't That yo Watch, I don't want you to play with it on camera. Only Gave important calls, right? Yes. Watch your fucking mouth nigga.


I've been watching That. You don't get the same treatment as Mark Nigga. That's a doctor. He is. He is. Yeah. That's A whole doctor. Nigga. I'm not treating you the same as him. Are you Crazy? I need a doctor. I'm in need. Oh man. Shout to Mark. I'm done. I don't have, I don't have anything. Lemme just check my phone just to be safe. 'cause I'll be, I'll be shooting, be writing shit Here. Why you ain't talking about the kids that soft about the Pepto-Bismol joint. You bo that shit. I, I went there. I Saw Pepto for kids. I told them I saw today. I saw tasted that bullshit. I, I drank some. Oh they got the, I only saw the, they had the chewables. I'm like, wait, I didn Liquid. Want no Pepto chewables. I got Some Peptos chewables Crazy. I a the liquid. I didn know nothing. I want you but in the bag when you move it around.


It's nice to have the Chew Give Me the Liquid. Didn't know we didn't know about Pepto. We had the pink strong Suit. Me too. Me too. We drank that shit by the mouth. Boo is the truth. The Chewables the bag. You can't keep the bottle ass pink bottle in Your bag. They got the little one. It is like 15 years ago. Me and Joe's in the club. Yeah. And I was taking some Patron patrol shots. You know I don't really drink you man. That shit had my stomach doing though. You Rezy Motherfucking Running Man and Cabbage Patch, all that shit. That club with the two floor sh shit show something. Right. Palace. But why you was drinking in there? Why you was drinking that night? Show Palace. They Was in there. They Was in there. You know, you know they get naked. It's your palace. I wasn't You right. Used 50th and right there in to Square, like 50th and seventh, 50th and eighth.


Oh, I know what you're talking about. Used to be a club right there. I know about. But yo dog, that nigga had the Pepto chewables in that bitch. Yeah. Instant relief. Damn. There you in there with the watery mouth about to throw up. Nigga take it all. I'm eating them shit. Like Tic-tacs them shits. I said it's a good marketing opportunity for you buddy. Yo, You, you think a popping bar on a Saturday night is an appropriate place to eat your orange peel? I, I wasn't over that. Yo. I'm not gonna hold you. I couldn't believe said That. It is just a question. You my man talking you. That's who He is. I understand that is some bougie Shit. Well maybe we can help the Game. Understand the bar sells food. You could eat your food at the bar. Orange slices are not on the menu at the bar.


The bar doesn't sell oranges. They don't sell those. They don't sell oranges. All right. This they ain't no All right. This bar that's bar does not sell oranges. That is not on the menu. Okay. Bars don't sell S Wait, wait, hold up. The oranges are for the drinks. True. You don't drink I tip. Well. Mm. Debatable. I didn't ask It. It ain't debatable. I ain't ask. Can't Say debatable if you ain't see my man tip shit out. That's my man. He's gotten a report that I tipped. Well he called shorty last time. Like yo Ish be, it's all right. That's a fact. I don't remember. You never remember Stick conveniently. Never. So he really forget That S cool. Remember you. Well Fuck you.


The oranges are for the drinks. It is. We know that You don't Drink. The oranges are for the patrons. No They're not. No they're not. They're for the drinks. The The regular perch can't. Patron can't say Yo. Gimme yo. Yo. What you want ice? Yo just lemme get some oranges. You can't Do that. They're not for the patrons. That's not what they called. You're wrong. Just saying you order A drink that had the lemon, the lime and the oranges is for the drinks and Cherries. The the oranges are for the drinks Ish. You don't drink. Okay, so they're not For you. They're not for you. And you sat there and ain't the, you can't do that. All of them. You can't do that. I know you get, I hear you. Light-skinned privilege. Pretty privileged Dog. I've done that at spots. I don't know the people. Ugh. Don't talk about like I Don fuck They eat the P nasty.


Fuck yeah You come on, let Me guess the cit, the citrus kill the germs right? Grow Up bro. No, the citric acid is the nasty part of it. But It is some healthy part of it in Yeah the Peel. But all of course It is mono. Come on it. You gotta wash That shit grow up. You okay when you eat your french fries and your chicken nuggets, you don't know what 'em niggas hands been. That's a fact. But I don't eat french fries, chicken nuggets everywhere. I pick and choose and That's the other part. All the hands that been on the, that's What I'm saying. You Eat McDonald's? No don't You don't eat McDonald's no more. I eat twice a Year. You eat McDonald's bro. Twice a year nigga. I Don't eat McDonald's. Which means you eat McDonald's up. I don Twice a That semantics Up here twice a year. That means I eat. I eat. All right cool. Okay. You stop eating McDonald's.


But what does that twice a I eat McDonald's man. Do you don't nigga do you know Hands really top of my diet now that I'm trying to lose weight. Got it. Okay. It's happening slower than I'm so prior To the basketball game, how Much would you eat McDonald's Down on myself. But what does that have to do that that is dismissing all of the hands that touch the orange peel That you, what I'm saying is we not gonna be picky about the, the quality or the integrity of the food. When you eating McDonald's my nigga you Could be, you could be. Yeah that's Not true. Well give me, gimme me Alright. They can cut the oranges my nigga. Why Did you just order a drink? Because I don't want drink. I rather With some orange in it. Yeah. Order freshy. Get a virgin drink order The freshy squeezed orange juice. Get A virgin drink. Yeah, that's what I had. That's what I told. I told Linda to make some lemonade for me one time when I went to the spot.


Alright. She said we don't make that hair. Like come on I'm your peoples fresh. They squeeze. There you go. Yeah. Fuck outta here niggas crazy nigga. I hate her. Y'all in there eating orange. Says a nigga that used to drink milk In strip salmonella one of them shit. So you could Drink milk in strip club but I can't eat oranges in the bar On the menu. Point number one milk water was on The menu? Yes. Your milk was on the menu? Yes. With the cake. Cake was on the menu. Yes. Yes. Oh, I ain't, why the hell else would they have Milk? You would get food poisoning. You think I Was getting sick treatment getting the milk. Why would They not have milk? No, you just ordered some shit that everybody else wasn't ordering. But it was on the menu. It was on the Menu. All right. Cake and milk. There You go. You didn't know that is food poison. I didn't know milk was on the menu. But still stop eating pills. Stop. No nigga fuck Gonna get food poisoning.


Salmon one 'em shit. You might fucking record catch the shingles. Some old school shit. You might just get some Shingles. You might get fucked up. Like I got shingles. This salmonella and salmonella shit. Show you. You're an idiot. Yo. You special son off the orange pills. Word not noles. Alright. We do have a little Part of the Show here. We have done. Wow. My man, Glen, Mitch, my man Glen. What's up Mitch Glen? What's popping? What's popping gang? Glen. Mitch says what's up gang? Yep. What's Up Mitch? Recently I started watching Extracted on Hulu. If you haven't seen it. Basically you have to survive in the wild while your family watches and competes to send you supplies.


Hunger games. Hunger Games kind of vibe if you've seen it. Yeah. My question, my questions are how long do you think you could survive in the wild and what family members or friends you'd want with you Also, it's a competition and the last person standing gets 250 K. Okay. Glen Mitch, I'll go first. I'm not doing this for 250 K. Alright. It's on you guys. I I was about to say I could make two 50 not in the woods. I'm not gonna hold you. That's bad. I ain't doing that. If I had to participate in this, I Don go to the woods. Nigga. I'm gonna to the woods for two 50.


Yo, y'all niggas, If I had to participate In this, y'all play into my man's scenario. I would want, I would want JI would want Jr with me. Course for sure. Course ain't no cameras in the woods. Nah, you know JR keep 'em off of them though. True, true, True. Sure. I want Jr. With me and my, my chances of survival. Hey yo. I want you with me until the end. Yeah, because you snake me at the end. 100 I want. Really? Yo, you resourceful. You think outside the box. Yo, I want you fucking with me and You turn around. I how to shot? Yeah. Nah, that nigga gonna shot me with a ball and arrow from over there. Yo. I don't want you like at the end part.


You know what I'm saying? You know what's fly about me though. I tell you that. That's the plan of mine. Well you Don't man. I would've known. I do. No, I would've known Monopoly. That's yeah, that's the, that the Plan. Yo, I'm gonna work with you but but at the end I'm trying to kill you. I'm gonna try to kill you. Yes. I say it. It's already known. I Think that's assumed if we working together. Yeah. In concert during the game. Lot of niggas don't though. Yes. Lot of niggas don't. I'm your friend up until It is just us. It is time to not be. If It is just us No more nigga. Yeah, nigga. If you, if you are the only person standing between me and winning, we can't be friends. It's one man standing. It's like squid games. Right. If you my man, hey let's kill all these niggas.


But when it's just us now we All figure It out. We, I mean we have And I'm hoping that when we get to like three, that third nigga just do it. So I don't gotta do it. I ain't gonna hold you. I might help that third nigga. So I ain't gotta, yo I ain't, I ain't gotta Do it. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Stupid, Stupid niggas at my dad's fucking birthday kickback at the timeshare final two teams in the spade tournament. They don't play to to death. They split the money bitches. I I'm had bitches. I've had, I've had people do that fantasy league a couple years ago. No you yo we going chop you riches. They ain't bitches, niggas about money. It's about competition and It Is, It is. Probability niggas, let's, let's compete. Yo, I could take half of this pot. I'm or nothing. That's the, I think me and you might think like that some of these niggas is in here.


It was 50 teams. We gonna split this pot. We going home winners. Look, some of, I don't know what y'all buyin was, but it was more than, it was less than what the teams. I'm down to maybe splitting money. If it's one other person, I'm splitting it with three other people. Nah. Kick rocks. I want to, I want to battle y'all. Wait, wait. The the final four teams you gotta split with. You not gonna play two teams. Two teams. Teams. Which Is four people teams. Oh yeah. So the championship, Championship, they split the, they split the prize money. Make a plate. Deal Cards. I ain't outta that deal. Them fucking cards. Lemme ask you how much You think it was. Even if you don't know. Gimme a ballpark. What the money? Yeah. Yeah. Thousand. It was like a thousand. Yeah. What was the buy-in? $10. Oh yeah. $20. Something like that. 50 $50. $50 buyin thousand win. Hey fam, Nigga deal cards. Just from a number standpoint deal To cards.


I lose $50. Worst case scenario. Deal of fucking cards Or I, I go home with Jesus. Hey listen, Whatever, let's help my man out. Come on, let's help out. Glen. Mitch. Glen. Mitch. All right, let me play along. I'm gonna go. First question. How long do you think you could survive in the wild? I could survive for a little bit. Is it nice In the wild or is it cold? Wild. No nigga. No. It's the wild. Wild. No, I wanna know, was it cold? The animals. Animals. It's The wild Steve about Mitch, they asking all questions. Look, they asking all, All these questions. I ain't lasting long in the wild. I'm Well we knew that I'm lasting a wild as long as it's too Cold and and ice would last. I'm, I'm, I'm It ain't lasting though. Yes he would without his little devices. Ice smart Without his little tech shit. Ice smart.


There ain't no animals ain't Survived from the cubicle. When we went in there and got good insurance that y'all version, I let you come. Hey, You think It wasn't no shovel, wasn't No rope in there. You still laying by the green garbage up nigga. He spent the night in there. S that, that's y'all version of the cubicle story nigga. We know you got a store version. I got one. I got one in the top. That nigga bent over at the water cooler still. What The fuck you talking about? He's a fetal position. That nigga Gene Ackman in the air. Too far. Too far, Far. You know they still ain't stop. The blogs are saying that nobody has come to claim Gene.


Gene Ackman and his wife. Nah, that's crazy. Which explains the wills. No. Which explains why they was in there so long. Yeah, undetected. Yeah. Which Explains the wills What's on the wheel? Not the kids. Really? I don the wife. The wife donated her money to charity. He donated his money to the wife. I don't fuck with you. Oh shit. Oh shit. So they say I haven't read none of shit but it's A good one. 'cause now if we could prove who died first. Oh well they got, who died first? Who? They said the wife. He died first? No, the wife. No, no, no. The wife died first. That's why they Not came back. No, but they saying that after he died there was a 9 1 1 call.


They said the wife died a certain day but they, they saw 2 9 1. She there for about a week. They saw Two nine one one calls from her phone. Oh Yeah, they said that she died first. Yeah, She died first. Which means we taking this to probate. What was her will, what did her will say? Charity. The money. Her money went to charity. Yeah. And then and when he Died his money, She ain't here. She not here. Oh no dog. She not here. My money can't go to her. Yeah, she not here. You kids ain't getting shit. Hey Mr. Okay. Hey Mr. State. Hold I, I'm oldest. What? Yo, I'm oldest. You dead ass. I gotta a right to this. That's crazy son. To answer Glen Mitch. Oh yeah. Back to Glen Mitch. I Think I would survive putting me, my floor is three weeks.


God damn. That's the floor. I could do three weeks. What you wanna eat in a wild berries? Animals. Fish, Fish, fish. Fish and animals. Not a fish. Squirrels. What your thought? I'm about to pick somebody that knows how to fish. Oh okay. I'm, I'm, I'm probably gonna pick my brother's friend Kyle, family friend Kyle Army guy who gonna know how to fish, know how to, he gonna bring his night vision goggles, some equipment. Anybody I'm picking to be with me is on some army shit. Yeah. Yeah. Zeke, you're coming with me buddy. I don know if you're listening but you're coming with me. Oh yeah. Franklin, We out there. We out there. Zaire Franklin, he tackle, We on his beards. We're moving a big Ies out here. That big on whip eye Ass.


I don't know. I don know if you can handle Derrick Henry, you can handle this beer. Lord. That's a good boy. Yeah. Nah, I, I think I'll last a little, a little minute. Like just as long as it ain't like no 'cause like you know when you watch TV Survivor and all that. Yeah. They don't put them niggas in the jungle that got the tigers and you put me in that jungle right there. I think I could rock for a while. I put the the safe jungles. Yeah. Yeah you But as long as it's not the cold jungle. That's where my biggest issue. You gotta kill. You gotta kill yourself man. Kill make you some clothing. Gotta gotta. Yeah. They had to do it. Yeah. You gotta kill you something. No, I'm gonna migrate down to where it's a little bit warmer. You gonna freeze the death before you get down. Fuck that man. You can't. Nah, I can't. I think I could rock up there no tires. You gotta be naked. Right.


You gotta be naked. You, He didn't specify. He Took, he didn't say nothing about being but if that's your bag, you naked You gotta be naked in in the in Didn't Say nothing about naked. Yeah. Yeah. He ain't say that. You just to get into, you just want be naked. Nah, you know a flip one my man, I ain't going, you know what Am my one? You gonna find one of 'em Females bear. You know where he, you gonna be out there humping the goat? Nah, See that wasn't saying I'm fucking with you. I'm that's Fucked up. Nah, that's your man. I ain't say you forget About the cubicle nigga. Come on in the cubicle man. I got a letter open up Right here. Oh shit. Poke your goofy ass right up. I is gonna fuck us up over that cubicle.


Shit. Nigga Say stapler all that shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You get resourceful. Put a staple on your head pencil Sharper. Honestly, no you are man. Dead ass. If you the only thing standing in our way to good insurance, Try it. No I wouldn't 'cause I love you But in any but Any event, there you go. On the other side of you And seven grand a year. Seven grand. Why you paying that money nigga? Take it Lower. Yeah, get Lower ice need. I need get lower. I need 300 a year nigga. We, It is our Fake equation. I know I said you seven grand two, you Pay that you pay now ice 200 A Year. That to my point.


Wait I It is ice either out seven grand or ice getting a staple on his head. But wait, wait, approve nigga. You get Paid from That. What You mean from the, because I said I I want my shit to be 300 a year. No, you don't get paid from that. No. I'm talking about you as No I'm saying no the Nigga. Yeah. Make my shit low nigga. I don't give a fuck Or else grass Get paid for and I'm taking and I'm taking your raisins on the table. Nigga gimme these rais nigga. The raisins rais. I'm Tripping up so bad. Get You mean gimme sunflower.


I'm hurt and I'm stripping you leaving you there and your Chris Brown. No that's, that's before I go strip And, and I'm leaving you there in your Marvel briefs that you got on. So you can't just get up and call. I don hit me no more. Yo. I right. Wait I strip that nigga. He gonna have to tease the robbers confused where this nigga get Chris Brown freeze from. I went to the meet and greet Out the freeze. We let you Freeze man. Freeze is the bear freeze gonna kill us. He is Never He got so he said Never, never, never, Never. I don't have nothing else that I need to get off. If y'all have something else to get off, get it off right now. Have at it. No Sir. Nah, I'm good man.


Okay. With that said Why do you say that? When we have, when shit flow good you always, you always leave us on the spot. You got anything else nigga? No nigga sleepers put us in the spotlight. I hate when you do that shit be fly. Hey I got nothing. Nothing to say. But if y'all do like I think he used that part of his negotiation tactics. I asked these niggas 17 times out the year if they had anything else to say and they didn't have shit to say. I had to close it. I had to close the fucking show niggas where the fuck is the hell you want. This nigga want 40 a month. I had to nigga he want 30 and can't even close the fucking shout. Can't even call him. Goddamn. Show out. These niggas want 11 A month.


Yo. Yo yo. I got yo. Hey I'm the one gotta do all the fucking happy lifting. These niggas want six grand. I'm about you stink. Are you crazy? Why would you say you know what they're gonna steal? Yeah, they trying to guess they trying to. You are ridiculous yo. What? Alright come on. Word man. Yeah man gimme gimme the bump to six a month man. Gimme the bump. These nigga fucking five grand a month. You crazy. Thinking they doing the fucking work. Gimme the man I I'll take the bump up to six. Oh take that elevation.


Write it out. All right. I'm going with new music. New music, new music by my girl. Jazzy. Jazzy. This record is called Jazz Back Out. Okay maybe good shit. This is A really funny Part. Good shit. I ain't got No doubt in my mind that you don't fuck with me. I'm just, Just got a funny way up. Telling never question.


Don't but don't treat a Girl. You know I'm grown. I can't, I can't read your no baby so I need you to set it straight. I ain't pulling the teeth to keep you around me. You can't be sure I won't be mad when that clock strike 12. I'm waiting patient when she say she might be coming through. You ain't gotta, Hey wait a minute.


Wait a minute. Brand new music from our friend of the show. Jozy. Joji. We love you baby Jozy man. That record is called maybe it's in your phone and on DSPs right now. Can't wait for the project. Can't wait. Jozzy get your ass up in do interview girl. What the fuck you talking about? That was Jozzy maybe. And your phone's right this second Shouter. All right man. I'm gonna shoot on down to to Texas with this one. This is Check Please by Sauce Walka and That Mexican OT As yeah Buddy.


Don't look like a big shot Escalade to NASCAR piece style diamond in my mouth. I don't even need a risk. Why saying that you got it. You can fuck around and get I like a ballerina hobby looking for money. Like how you saying I got a mouth full of water like got Siping that drink like I'm just with Smart wanna sex me eat like a can to the bitch. Check Please I can grab it. Escalade V or Vet Keys deep in that. How I need a jet key. I wave on I'm make a on, put my foot on thems I put in the bay on them. It's automatic. When comes static I'm gonna get it cracking in the bit. So You say that you want it, make sure you for sure shooter stay on it. They ready to go. Come Go get your walker with the, I'm gonna let 'em have it.


That seat run outta luck. Little hoe Don't need no practice. I'm uping this coach, I jump off the top row thinking ing bro. I cut mud Cing on a big Glock reaching for my neck. That's the quick way to get shot. Beat him Up Light hip hop slap in my pocket. Left him with a big knot. What drink? Man gotta go and make a pit stop. Quarter million dollars wanna spun on the wrist. Watch Got as like a Finn. A rider ain't talking football but got a tight in this like a fat ass for small pent busting. I'm here to hard make the bitch keep cussing. I ain't got time to do shit. I'm hustling. He don't want really bump his, he bluffing nigga can't beat me and nothing. He as and go to sleep won't be on my country way t to a whole nother country. Yeah but probably like a big shot Escalade to the NASCAR pit style diamonds in my mouth.


I don't even need a risk. Why saying that you got it, you can fuck around again. Stretch. I like a ballerina Happy looking for money. Like how you saying I got her mouth full of water. Like how sip in that drink like I'm just a big me. You like a king. Check Please. Keys deep in that need key. I rhyme wave on, make a plays on. Put my foot neck on them. You want SI put the bang on them. Coding Is floating up bottom. My floating up bottom of my penis. She wanna suck me inside the arena. Louis EV denim came straight from the cleaner. Double D's on the cutter. She seen like Selena. I walked to the plug and then drove back. The NES running from the logs got me barking the ends.


She can't catch me. I'm dogging a demon. Drew with the gangster that's plotting and scheming just by the paint. Got me honestly feeling really woke up in the mansion. Cartoons on the ceiling. Where millions bro thought I was dreaming raised with the oaks. Speak pokey. We leaning dope. My cup cost the LV be bitch rap whatever. I wish he genie. She trying to hop my dog eat. We better have my money on Tie your shot. The shit 10 but the looks ain't getting up Dime with the on his head face Recline streaming his shit. Cops nine fat booty bitch A less sky stand on the business, adjust the tie stick with a D. Lower case. I can't never paint. See stay fair pie. Why you don't mess with Texas? Our guns loose. Get shot for this necklace. Cow in B. Kick his ass on dress. Let her bring Pou to the bar.


She's special trading my pick up truck for a Tesla three Barflies and my highest trifecta F Power on the white girl Brock Lesler Barbecue Lobster with the cayenne pepper. Welcome to Texas New ice fish. And that is Check Please Sauce Walka That Mexican OT and this lil Jeremy and MG Lil on the record as well. Alright. Text some shit. I'm gonna play some Jesse Reyes. This is GOLIATH.


It's I about to give up. You love me like a Sunday put Kiss me like a Friday night. Many Blessing Over is a Holy Night. The streets cry The When I say the contact from the phone baby.


If Money Time trying to tap no get arms from home. S not hooked on. Let the streets cry When I It is Jesse Reyes, GOLIATH Absolutely Fire.


Yeah, Absolutely fire. I can't wait to listen to more of the album. The album's called Peyton Memories and she has not really failed yet. So I don't anticipate this being any different. I'm going to Larissa Lambert. The song is called Cardio Tired Hands.


We on That is Larissa Lambert Cardio.


And you're never beating the allegations, Y'all. I don't think he's trying to either. No He's not trying to. Yeah. Y'all are insane bro. That baby. Why? Everybody's crazy except you honestly like tell him for real. Break it down seriously. And then we leave and I got my, my ultra music queued Up. Nah, go ahead. But why do they think that? Carl Thomas? Yeah do Carl Thomas. What song Ramon? I don know just coming off the Donne. I I've hit him with a Carl join the something. But it's cool. Alright. You might have something. Try. Lemme check some now. I was staying with Darnell. Lemme get some calls. Nah, Darnell, Lemme get some calls. Cool.


Nah Sure Shit was Tight. Don't you got a girl Who? I think y'all need to listen to this album again. I know all the words to this album. Damn near by heart. Yo. So then tell me why he's looking at this girl like this. After all he just said on where I want to be that we talked about earlier.


You got a girl, he got eyes. Alright, let me see, lemme see what eyes she pulled up On my right looking in her mirror, making sure shit was tired. Lemme see. Lemme see. Lemme see if You right. I don know if you supposed to notice, be so descriptive of all this when you got a girl. Lemme see. Maybe You right. Lemme, she's sitting at the light. She pulled up on my right looking in the mirror, making sure that shit was tight. I know she me watching but she was scared to look my way. I know she wanted to look but I I think she should right under pressure. Don't know what to do. She's got two cuties with her. None of this sounds like I got a girl and a hair not shot.


No, none of this sounds like she got two cuties with her. And I got, I got my nigga too. She put it in one, stepped on the joint made it you It is gone to you girl. I I definitely but say that don't agree with this. Don't agree with this. I'm not at no lights. Check it out. Nobody but say that then looking at my phone at the, yeah we go make a noise, noise for that. About for that. You Inside Tough. She looked inside of, you know what I mean at me. Hey. Oh love now. Damn. It's some niggas listening. That wasn't born when this was out.


They have no idea why We on the fuck is this. Oh, I thought it was sensitivity. Watch, watch your mouth nigga watch your mouth. Oh Yeah, you day 27 back.


Dig your bag. Y'all, Y'all enjoyed this episode as much as we enjoy delivering it to you. Shout all the first and last time listeners out there. Keep us in your praise. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we paid you a dude. Farewell. Adio, areva, ota arvo. A simple head no will suffice. Ego. Hey minute bitches In the back let hear Sleeping.


Anybody got any fun weekend plans? What y'all doing this weekend? Oh. Oh you never heard at all? Never heard. Hey, I set it up for Those nights where we don't no sleep. No what you have in Web Star FaceTime me last night.


I dubbed that shit. Web star. I'm gonna hit you nigga. Don't hit me after you do fucking drink champ. Nigga, fuck out here. You hit me before that. Hold man. Hold Up man. Lemme get my guy. Lemme get my guy involved in the outro man. Hold up. Lemme get my guy involved in the outro right quick, man. Hey, let me get my guy involved in the last play of the game right quick. Man y'all hope everybody has a really good weekend out there. I ain't got too much going on tomorrow man. Keeping it light, keeping it light, keeping it light, You know what I mean? Keeping it light. Watching my diet staying smoke free, drama free sucker free out there.


You know what I mean? Side chick free out there man. Focused on priorities, responsibilities and all that man. Doing the right thing at all times. Hey Again, shout dark girl. Mel here with us, the spirit. We love you girl. Boho. Shout to my nigga. Queen Flip not on that Mel contract. Hey, Hey. Gotta come in. Gotta come in. Eat what you kill. Eat what you kill. Hey. Yeah. What's up man? What y'all doing this weekend? Anything? I'm doing so Outside. Yo, I'm shooting up after this. I don't wanna hear that shit. Shooting up, going to the show and then outside.


What's yo, Gigi and drummer. Oh, Connecticut, right. Oh, that should be a good show. And Then we also, we, we ain't got no kids until Monday afternoon, so Hey, hey. I don know where, where we going to end up at? Hey, some fucking going on. Hey. Oh, that's happening in front of the kids nigga. Hey, respect. Hey, respect that niggas respect. Respect. What you say Ish? What you got going on? Nothing. Niggas 78 degrees and I got a boot on fuck I'm doing nigga. I just seen you outside last week. I just seen you outside last week. Tearing the spot down. Yo. You be so, I just seen you Ish. You I was tearing the spot down. I ain't moving from my seat. I was Tearing the spot. You looked enough to Gett. You text me, you text me and said bitches was out.


Your eyes was working. You got a bike. And that come with a Little bit. Are are you rolling around this weekend anywhere? I don. I don. I better Not see you. Nowhere. Nah, he going now. Come on. He going, he going somewhere nigga. How long We known For Saturday Tomorrow? Yeah. We've known him long enough. That's what I'm saying. Like I hear this. Yeah, we that's for pod. That's for the pod people. That's for the pod people in that little chat beat chat GPT nigga that be talking on us. His little AI nigga. You don't know me nigga. Fuck you. Fuck you me nigga. It ain't even a real niggas ai. Yeah. Flip. What you got going on? Anything? What's up for my son, Jamal Nico. Oh his birthday. Right. Happy birthday Nico again. Yo. Happy birthday Nico. Happy Birthday Nico. It's great. When your birthday fall on the same week you was fucking up in school. Princess. They trying to take the bread away for your sweet 16.


Don't worry though. We Oh Shit. They take it baby yo. That was just disgust. That's nasty. That was terrible. Nasty. I know you love. I don Gonna fuck. Fuck them niggas y'all. I don want some Shit with these niggas. I seen G Money. Look at your kitchen. Yes. Yes he was there. What You doing in my story? I seen G Money. Look at your, look at your shit. Look at your kitchen. Say look nice. What you doing in my stories nigga? You gave us the wide panoramic view this time. Boy that's a nice, I didn't see you got the view out there. I thought you just had a nice kitchen. You got a nice kitchen with the view. Yeah. Yeah. You with me for life boy. You can't leave us job. You stuck. He die. Yo. That's fucked up. You can't let your boss see your kitchen nigga. You a fan though.


You here for at least five years. I ain't gonna hold five pieces here for four to five. Oh yeah, that, that kitchen got the five guys. God damn. Let's get to it. You definitely gonna be at 60 a month huh? Five years. Nah, in five years you get there. 11. You get there. You gotta get there. Letter yo. Five years you put your work in man. You deserve the letter's. That's cool. Let's, let's go. It's right now. You watching lettuce right now? Let's continue your home for the big you beyond Fries 35. Oh yeah, we know we going man. Y'all hold it down. Peace, love, health, wealth and prosperity. We love y'all. Please be safe this weekend. We don't want to come in next week with any r ripps after everybody listening, including us prayers to those inside and outside the rooms.


And we gone. No Joe Biden. You've never heard of Joe Bud. JPJP without the jbp. Now that's how you pop. It's good job y'all come on.