
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. That's the side that like you saying, Go ahead. Wait, go ahead. Yeah, go ahead mean go ahead. Turn the mic. Freeze. Shoot. No, I'm just saying that's the shot. They don't, yeah, that's the, that's the side that they don't take because people behind the scenes, That's part of Mel's manipulation.


My, my manipulation. She Tell, she tell me to shoot and get right on that. Oh my God. Landed on me. My God. You know, for, for a room full of dudes who really fucking hate when girls bring up the past. Y'all should remember the motherfucking Past. Mm. Trying to reverse car. That's it. All motherfucking Dance up here. White nigga got lit. You're jumping the gun. Male is my bad.


You're jumping the gun. And that Ain't my, that ain't my, That's my beef Nigga. Yeah. I'm not in that segment. I am in that, that's a flip segment. I'm not in that segment. I feel like male should be able to do whatever she wants outside of the power without being. Why do you say that? When the camera come on and remove yourself from situations without, Without being her ass by cohost. Why do you say that? You think just like me. We think alike. Yeah, but you can't say it. We saw Tommy Hilfiger's son in that picture. Boy, whatever that nigga name is, he About to say. Was that Tommy Hilfiger's Son? He no. Does He look like Tommy Hill? I don't care. I just lied. But he went like this. You lied and said yo, I'm gonna record you. And then you tried to move past him. The bill talk about it later. We'll talk about it later man. Yo, where do you see this stuff?


They sent it to me. They sent it to me as well. My man side man sent it to you. I don't know who that is. Oh, Ish. What's up Ish. I'm happy to see you. Good day sir. Good to see you. Wild. It is wild. You yo yo yo. Whatever It is kicking in. When a nigga turned 50 it hits you. Why? And I thought about you this weekend like yo, he really losing weight. That shit befuddled me. Huh? Yeah. 'cause he stopped eating sugar. I hit somebody up like y'all, I need that because you look good. Look how you grilling me. You look good. And when I compliment you, I think It is old shit. Yo. You still sticking to the I stopped eating sugar line. That's all I'm asking. Like It is that you confident?


And that's the one we riding with still. For real. Honestly. Literally sick. That's what you're telling to people that love you and care about you that you known forever. Y'all stopped eating sugar. And look, that's what you telling us. I thought about, I thought about the Ozempic thing hands me for real today. But Then I, I watch him eat the whole salad bowl, whatever. I watch him eat it. You think that's how sugar works? You tell, you tell us how sugar works nutritionist. You don't stop and then just lose 40 pounds. I didn't lose 40 pounds. How many lost 11? I was a hefty. You would know. Hell nigga Mark go in the bathroom. Hell, mark, mark just beat him.


Blow your nose. We need the on air sign. Yeah, like a big one. Yeah, we are silence on air. We on air. Cory be doing laundry. Washing dishes. Washing dishes, opening microwave them hit. That's what you can do that when the numbers are coming in. Huh? You can just do whatever you want. Yeah. Show off. Anything else. What'd say you wanna go to the store too? You wanna get us some drinks? I don Nah, I ain't gonna lie. I ain slept on them educated niggas man. Get they deep. I ain't ain't going. Hey, they ain't leave. They sticking around. Alright. They deep you what? How you, how you say you to the educators?


Hey guys, good day. Hello? Oh, free for up. What's up man? How y'all feeling? Feel good. Yo. Feeling good. Good, good. Happy to see y'all. Yeah, happy to be here this weekend. Felt extra. Just it ain't feel like a short weekend like they normally do. There's a lot of a lot of shit going on this weekend. Yeah. Cool. All this shit in a good way. Yeah, she got over there man.


Have you got in your car and the gas light is on and you're like, I'm just gonna keep trying to push it. Oh, a hundred percent. I'll, I'll get it there. And then has there ever stalled out in you? I feel like that is the New York Knicks. I really do. I feel like they have pushed the margin on your gas tank and I feel like it's starting to fade out. And what I I say that He's right. I mean you talk about Jalen Brown, 19 points on 18 shots. Jason Tatum, My man Jay Will right here. I saw him in the game. They're Just starting To find Shut the fuck up. Jay Will. It's over. Nigga. I'm Taking him seriously. I'm for sure.


I'm not taking seriously, I'm still not taking serious. He either, I still think the Celtics should in this series. It, I I had to put money. That's where I'd bet it. I take the odds and bet the Celtics for sure. And the next tilt blow. Don't let someone now don't let the Celtics off the hook by saying, oh, the Nicks are no, they're they're trash. You felt they were trash five days ago. You thought they were trash five weeks ago. You thought they were trash five months ago. Five years ago. Because you know why? They're trash. They're garbage. Damn Jesus. Who is that? That's a lot. Yeah.


Might need to send him something. Come on. 1, 2 1 2 and Bunny. Oh fucking Nick fans. Bing Bong. Jerry O'Connell. Hey fucking Jerry O'Connelly starts with Ben Stillers, sting Sting, bad bunny. All you Knicks fans who paid a million dollars tickets? It is two One Knicks but the series is over. You didn't think like you guys played good in game one in tape two? Did you like we're missing empty gym threes?


You guys stink. You stink. You fucking stink. Mic check. Mic Check. One, two. 1, 2, 1, 2. Do your party. Mic check. Mic Check. One, two. 1, 2, 1 2. Boston. What's good, Whistler? What's good Springfield? What's good? What's popping up? Documentaries. Yes Sir. Welcome to Real nigga Records. Players. They put in the crowd. Hey, he still going. Hey Patrick, you and get cute players zero rings amongst them. You guys are just like a second great franchise. Spike Lee, everyone Timothy Shabe, all of you guys jumping around and you knew it.


I give you credit. Celebrate when you can. We missed a million at the two worst shooting games of the season. But that wouldn't last for the world. Cheer New York City. What up Dog World championship with red Back Subway series this weekend. Banners Come outta our You knew that one left. I'm not Still Yeah. Yeah. Queens. What up though? There's a lot of good teams. KC Harlem. What up though? I'd even say like Indiana and Cleveland. Very Good. Boogie. Damn. Stand down. What up you Three that went last at he going cry. What? That That is Dave for. Yeah. You are up to nothing.


But now doesn't it feel like it down for real? Like you have no soul. No, no life go around and bang bong and this and that. It is crazy. But you knew it and I knew it. You never had a chance. Bing bong everybody. Mic check. Mic check, check As well.


Die every hood up. Always for the, always for the ladies. If I one of them going to have it. Look all us. If it's handed to me, all boys all over the world, real niggas all over the world, man of farmers, entrepreneurs out there. All my teachers are my workers. All my trainer out there, all out there talk to what the fuck is going on, right?


Knowledge on suck. Whole zero when it comes to beside all some groups out there, the out there. Shout out to my loved one, loved heard party in the prison out to all the mothers out there. Rapper. This is run when you starting to breathe, I'm leave a 12 in their mouth like a car in the age I'm young pimp part my age.


I'm got long hair. But if I did she par my out. What club they at? Take it with us. Run the train on the subway map. Record label. I'm going down the history nigga Wallace Beef Pop. You probably heard of me fresh outta surgery Flash year as the fuck. You're going to have to murder me. Murder me. Even your Anike white t hurting me. You match Now. Back down. Niggas going to hate you. Love you when you disappeared. Next on the boat, weed smoking, fishing gear snatch.


Yes sir. French fries. We got a great show lined up for y'all today. Free. What happened when the next one pickety to what type of time I'm on today? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Keep this applause going for the best crew in the world. Let me get these drops out the way so they know who they listening to. So, so happy everybody could be here with us today.


You could have been anywhere in the world, but you're here with us and we certainly appreciate that. All praise to the most high for putting breath in our lungs. So merciful, come on, keep this applause going. Excuse me. Excuse me sir. I'm sorry. I have to wake you here Doctor Flip and Mel. Mel, what episode is this? 8 25. 8 25. That's right.


Welcome to episode 8 25 of the JBP brought to you by Fueled By Powered by PrizePicks.


Dave Portnoy. Shut the fuck up. Jay Williams. That's my man too. That's my man. Shut the fuck up. Got a list of people that need to shut the fuck up today. And guess who ain't on that list. You got to me. Good thing. I know they hate that. I know they hate when I come in here, my dad. I know they want to see him humiliated, humble. Call me. Even wrong held's accountable. That's what I'm saying, right? Oh, somebody's gotta hold. Show accountable. Suck my dick, nigga.


How about that Nick? And fucking Five Like the fuck I said the fuck is wrong with you nigga down there. You said It. I mean it. Don't count now, Man. Listen it still count man. Listen. Tatum hurt man. We don't care. Well, before we go any further, our Prius to Jason Tatum. Yes. No, See that We absolutely love Jason Tatum. We hate seeing that every time it happens. Yep. You know, my heart goes out to him and his entire family regardless of of of what type of sports fan you are. Some of these guys are really just really good guys. Yeah. And Jason Tatum is one of those people you don't want, you don't wanna See that shit. Yeah. No. Nah, Nah. I hope, I hope, I hope it's not as bad as they're saying It is because people were saying it looked like what we think it looked like.


It looked exactly like an, like an Achilles injury, unfortunately. But people were saying because his pain tolerance is high, some people are confused and they're thinking it wasn't as bad as it was 'cause he wasn't screaming and, and flipping and doing all this stuff that some people do. But some people just have a high Paycheck. Yes, he was. Yeah. Fuck he was When I saw, when I saw, when I Saw had a small TV. Must be, I don't know what TV they was watching on, but when that camera panned back and he was banging on the hardwood. Yeah. And even back, even back in the locker room, I I thought it looked like he was looked like an achilles reaction. But people, people on TV were saying it wasn't. He was reacting like it could have just been a, a small tear or a sprain and not a full tear. Yo. Aren't you a six er fan? Yes. So we had a great night. Mark Lamont Hill. We had a Great night last night.


Shut the fuck up. Gotta add him to the list. We got the lottery though nigga. I'm sorry. I'm we not talking about the lottery right now. We talking about being up three one against the defending champs when everybody counted us out. That's all we talking about right this second. We was up two. Oh Charles Barkley and them niggas said game three is a must win for the Knicks. When have you ever heard such insanity? It made sense. You gotta be up three zip against the d defending champs or you going to lose y'all niggas was gargling Celtic dick.


Let's just call a fucking spade a spade. I told you them niggas is old. Hobbled washed up Ingas. Right. Put him on the fall off list. I don't know what the fuck happened to him. Yeah, he looked like shit. He looked horrible. Drew. Howdy. That's my man. So I ain't gonna say too much about him. That's my man. That's my man. And when I was talking shit at the game, 'cause I was behind the Celtics bench for game three three when I was talking shit. He heard me and turned around You like that when you go to these games and be right behind the opposing team bench and start talking shit.


The black people that's involved with that team is going to talk back to you and say something. I'm talking about assistant coaches staff. If it's a black ball, boy, them niggas gonna look around. So I was talking my shit Drew, how they turned around, looked at me like I was a a athlete. He turned around and looked at me like I was fucking Glenn Robinson or somebody. He was like, all watch now, now watch nigga. I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Chill bro. Yo, I'm joking. He turned around with the passion and competitiveness in his eyes. I was like, yo, I'm just kidding dog. I don't know what you want. Just chill. And anyway, that was short lived 'cause it was a blowout, but yeah. Enough now enough. And we ain't even starting with this.


I just felt compelled. I just felt compelled to come in here and speak this way. Being up three one Eastern conference finals. Looks like it's in our, in our near future. The asterisk, Huh? Semi-finals. Say the future. Be the are you a Laker fan? Antoine? Shut The fuck up. ECF Antoine. Not semi nothing. Ain't no semi no more. The Celtics are going home off the semi. You know what I mean? Hey. And y'all not alone.


Sometimes you try to get it done as a nigga off the semi and it don't work. Hey, hey. Sometimes You ain't as hard as you thought. Hold On nigga. I'm cooking now. Oh, gunshot. I'm gunshot now. Now come on man. Help Me out. Fuck ain the look. Get outta here girl. Okay. Close to them niggas seven for you nigga. No, Come on. We gonna, we gonna start this show. I don't want to take over. I don't wanna be that self-centered. Yes. But right after that prize pack our PrizePicks at We Bike. We bike. How's everybody doing? How y'all feeling man?


Please, please, please. Feeling good. Feeling amazing, man. Feeling good. Had a fun weekend. Yeah. Exhausted from the fun weekend. But it was, it was a Fun weekend. Happy Mother's Day down for a while. Happy Mother's Day. To all the moms out there. Yeah. Let's start, let's start there. How was everyone's Mother's Day? Mines was pretty cool. I saw some pictures like it. Your mom looked great. She looked happy and Yeah. Fantastic. Yeah. And, and and now the Instagram post of appreciation for your mom is a thing in my house now. Ah. So I had to, I had to hit them at eight 30 with the love my mom. Is that a thing? I didn't do it. I didn. I didn. It is Kind of a thing I didn do. It's kind of a thing now. It is Kind of. If your mom's on Instagram, I guess you gotta do it.


My mom's blind. It's more, it'd be more for my wife. I can't, I I tell my mom, she's on Instagram all the time. Tell Moms Blind I post you every week. But shit, my wife won't buy that. So, so next year I'll start doing, I'll start doing. I ain't Know always a thing like that. Didn didn't Is that why they call you Dark Lamont Hill? I don't know. It is. It is some. That might be the reason I don that was some dark humor. Funny. It is funny. Oh wait, huh? They Calling him dark Lamont. 'cause this is his burner. He comes over here and get off all of his evil fucking treacherous. But, but Hi. Hi. Here's what, and I try to leave you alone, but here, here's what, stand out to me. That you know, when we say dark humor, you know, all you guys are horrible.


But it's funny when he does dark humor. Huh? You just put it's funny behind him. When I did dog humor, I Can you edit that out please? Well, no, in defensive. That's, that's not dark humor. Oh. Back in defense. That supposed we bag it. Get him in defense. My dark humor was against my old mom. You can't, you dark humor was against her. Oh damn. Oh fuck. Look, if my mom got mad, I, she never Right. You right. You didn't say no more. Say no more. Shout out to mom. Shout to everybody. What? Y And your dark humor is misleading. 'cause it's never none of that. Over the duck curry duck. Why you keep talking about this curry duck shit nigga, you are invited you Weirdo. Because I'm No, no. I don't want be invited here. No, You're invited. You just don't come to nigga cri.


Because I gotta point out how phony you are to, to your sister. That's Why I'm phony to everybody, nigga. But I get it from you nigga. You the fuck you lead in phoniness up here. No, that's not true. You are the phoniness leader up here. What? Please, Please Freeze. Ain't gonna try to fire me now. Fuck outta here. Freeze. Fuck outta here. I'm not trying To fire. What was We on mother day? Mother's Mother day? What did y'all do? I had a gathering at the house. Okay. We brought our moms together. 'cause that's a It is. We normally a pain. So I brought my mom up for Philly. She came, I had a little catered event at the house. Nice, nice. And I had my wife brought, invited some of her friends who were mothers there. And it turned out to be probably about 20, 25 people.


It is a nice little, I ain't going you every time you and your wife hold something at the house, it feel like her friends dominate. Like you said your mom came off from Philly and all her friends. I was 25 of 'em. It was like, where are your friends? Because All right, here Joe. Aw. And wig it in. Invite to nothing. Fuck Facts. Well that's, We In invite ain Moms too. Father's Day though. I was thinking about doing like a, a barbecue or something for the brothers and I was gonna invite everybody up here. Well that's a good idea. Can I come? Come on, Come on. Let Mel come. The Wives will be there. That's fine. That's fine. Friends.


Easy. Hey listen, I got, I got somebody I could fucking dust off and bring with me, you know, than bring fuck The wives being there is just male up in the difficulty level of the Game. Run. Three, let's take this off rookie. You listen because you gonna have to sit in the corner. Sit by yourself. Niggas, niggas mom involved with you walking around. No, I will. Not by the barbecue pit. I'll be walking around making friends. Oh, okay. I'll be watching and I'll record. I know you will with my phone. Yeah, I know you will. That's a good time. Mark.


I was out at the I'm coming to that. If you do it, I'm, I'll guarantee you I'm gonna do it if y'all Nice. I was out eating. We went, we went to brunch. So while I was out eating, everybody was in such a great mood. We seeing all these parents and people out, black people out eating and shit was like, oh man, I feel so good man. Hey man, Trey, send me your mom phone number man. Come on. Go ahead babe. It is Mother's Day Gal. Go ahead. Send me over. And I sent my first baby mama Happy Mother's Day text. Aww, aww. All right. Dang. Happy Mother's Day. Happy Mother's Day girl. And she said, I don Thank you so much. Who might this be? What you being fast.


Look at you ready, ready to go. Like, hey train he go ditch you again, nigga. Dad. I heard what you, you said on the pod, nigga wait, but men think that About anything. But anyway. What, what your favorite baby Daddy Just like, oh, Thank you so much Joe. And it just warmed my heart. Oh. So my controversy No. Ain't know. That's dope. My controversial question for y'all was I was nice. Did Y'all, did y'all hit? Absolutely. Really? Absolutely. Hitting around. Every time, every, every mother's day she get a gift. She gets a Come on. That's what's up. Come on man. Happy Mother's Day. Text. Look at That. Come on man. Yeah. The giving for me is from my daughter, but yeah.


Oh. Oh, you did that For my, for my, I'm getting from the daughter. What, what's, what type of gift was it? Well she does, I get a different charm for, to, to commemorate something for her Pandora Shit. Oh, from Pandora? Mm. That's like over a hundred dollars. No it's not 40. They're not over a hundred Dollars. Okay. I'm just saying. I just think your thought ain't bother. You bought that. I think you should be mindful. I am very From your daughter. You get a Little cold and stuff. Happy Mother's Day a little. She gets, that's what she gets all the time. Respect. I want your ass. There's nothing to be on my ass about. Yeah. Nothing. But yeah, she, I, I sent her a text and That Was nice. Something for my daughter. A card or whatever. That's nice. Nice. Well Abby Mother's Day too. All the mothers out there.


We certainly hope that y'all enjoy the day. I hope y'all will shower with love and fucking flowers and all that good shit. And remember Father's Day is next month, so Just Yep. Yes sir. Yeah. Yep. They don't like that. They don't like to hear that shit. Nah, They don't like that shit For Mother's Day. For for for my lady. I just told her, yo don't even get out the bed. Like we went out, we went out Saturday Morning free. We ain't get out the bed. Let's come free nigga. I got everything. Just whatever you want. We can See that two ways. But that's fire. No, no, no, no. You know we all took it the other way. So I know that's not my Father's Day shit.


You Nah, it was more just some you like it out, that allegations Right. Whatever you want out. And it happens. And that's what we was on Mother day. I left the keys to the handcuffs right there. I was gonna stop that shit. S right there by the dresser. Reach pound if you want, if you can reach it, you can get out. You gotta lock yourself this time. I'm gonna play back. Certain people don't like they families play with. I don give a fuck. I will play back nigga. I can play. I'm just letting you know. I'll Play back and I want you to and you'll take it further. No, I let him rock when she was here, he went crazy on me.


I watched it back. He was going crazy. That nigga was like, who Jordan Nigga with his and all this shit hit. I'm like, oh shit. Freeze God damn. I'm on your ass. I told you. Well we all, we all had a family. Well not family 'cause everybody didn't go but shit. Mark Freeze Parks and myself did go to the Kendrick and Scissors show and E PZ Baby all went to the Kendrick and scissor show at MetLife on Friday night. It looked like fun. It's been all the, it's been all the fuss on the internet. So now we get to hear first hand accounts from people. What did everybody think?


Lemme get a recap. I mean, you know, I even got the little Taurus shirt On. Oh, me too. Me too. I didn. I didn too. I didn't make it to the merch Booth. I had to, my wife took my jacket. Ah, Totally. It was close as a bitch in There. It is my first time going to a merch booth. I I don, That's my first, that's my first stop every time I go somewhere. Oh Yeah. Like I missed the first song because I was at the first Yeah. At The Merchant. I was texting You right before and I was like, oh is tight. Nah, I'm line. I'm like, I heard, I heard the crowd yell. I told him, I showed you. I'm like, yo, you want to, we we only got like seven people ahead of us. You want to just run back in? Fuck it. Let's just buy on Pop merch now. So we cop our shit didn't win in. Well when I got there also, I got there a little late.


Somehow I managed to get there much later than I planned. I was on the crew chat, like, y'all telling me songs and shit. But I thought the show, I had two thoughts. One, the show was amazing. I thought it was the amazing show. And also I'm old as shit. Oh yeah. I'm still tired from That shit. I like it. It was a long ass Show, bro. They did three hour set. Yeah. That was crazy. A three hour set is crazy. But my, my initial thought was this was art. Mm. Like it wasn't just a concert like you needed to, the the visuals they had with it, the way everything went together. Like they smoke outfit changes, says are flying up with the fucking wings on Yeah.


With the backdrops. And they put a full production together. I love this shit. This kind of tied into my thought. I was like, these two are like, they seem like the kids that were in like the art class and like the theater class and we're like kind of nerdy. And now they're on like the biggest stage in the world doing like, superstar shit. Like SZA being up there dancing like Madonna and hanging from the shit like some fucking pop star shell. I was like, look at SZA, man. I love look at SZA. I wouldn't, I wouldn't have pictured that. I mean, I would 'cause she's amazing and talented and beautiful and all that shit. But like, she doesn't seem like the type to do that. She seems like she wants to be in her little art nerd world. And yeah. I I I also like the pre-recorded. I usually don't like the pre-recorded skits. They're all from corny to me.


But these were actually really good. Well he was like kind of in the, was deposition. Deposition. That's where Yeah, he's in the deposition at and at the end, by the time he ended up at the gas station, I thought that whole thing was dope. It was well done. It was well acted. It was beautiful. It was just well shot. I I loved the color schemes, everything. It was just, it was, it was just beautiful. The only thing I didn't like, I thought the ending was anticlimactic. Like, I I thought they should have ended with Luther. It is over Gloria. Oh Yeah. I It is about to say it. It just felt like, all right, the show is over and it felt, it felt like they were stretching a little Bit to me. The show was over after Not like us for a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah. That Was, that was the highlight. People started walking out. Like I had the set list, so I knew the two records was left and I knew the order, but I'm just, just looking like, I think some, I think they wanted to send you out on like a not not so tart up.


That's so they they lowered, lowered the energy a little bit. Right. My only complaint was Mad City. I was Just, We on the same page, bro. You can't do that to Mad City. That flip was fired. But I was expecting like after The first verse, you Wanted that yacht. Yachts, You cannot do that yacht. It's like an r and b version of Madson. Yeah. They butchered that that flip was not fire. I Like the flip. No, Not I didn. I didn. I Just want, he got like three need to bake a flip. I like that shit. He Like, shit was absolutely fire. And it should be for sale. They should sell. I'm not mad at selling it. I'm talking about for the live show version. That is one of those super, super high energy records that Yeah. Rings off anytime he performs it.


I get What they trying though. They were trying to let Allright be the energy. So I get it. But I, I was like, I fucking And I'd rather not lose my shit. I'd rather him not do the record. No. Like mad. Nah, I'm just saying Mad City is one of those songs that anytime he perform perform, It's like smells like TPI for Me. It will break, it'll break the venue. Like you can't strip it down and make it Army. Yeah. But that was one of my issues with this show and I'll get to all of my issues later, but the contrast in energies during the back and forth set. Yes. Yeah. So I'm, I would think that somebody had that on their mind and knew what that record did energy wise.


And you gotta temper some of that shit if you going back and forth between scissor set, which was not as energetic as Kendrick and then Kendrick. I wish, I wish one of them would've went out first and then one of them would've went out second. Yeah. And they could determine that based on who's hot in what city. I get the whole co headline. TDE we're a family art class, all that shit y'all. The theater class that was fucking me up in there. Me too. That was fucking me up in there. I'm not gonna hold you some High low shit Dog in my section where I was at Parks was like two, two rows in front of us. But where we was at, me and Ian and, and Corey and E the three white girls in the back of us when Csor came on, they was jumping up word for word facts with every one of those songs.


And when Kendrick came up, they would sit down. That's not their back. Right. And then I was staying up and we did that back and forth. I think that was intentional. Agreed. I, I hate It. And I hate that to, to your energy point. I absolutely Hate that. That was my, that was my tape, that was my beef about the GN X album. It's the same thing. High energy, low. Every song went like this. Like I think there's a, they they intentionally are shaping this. The project, the album, the, the tour. So that It is a up and down, it's a rollercoaster because like I said, you finish not like us and then you come back with, with Luther Warrior, I'm not there for the rollercoaster. I'm not there for that. That's how you stretch. And I'm a huge s Csor fan as well.


But if I come out to see one of you motherfuckers, that's the energy that I'm, I don't wanna have to sit down, gather myself, go get a drink, go to the bathroom, like, oh my lord. They was killing me with that shit. See that's where I fucked up. I wish I would've sat down. I stood for three, Three hours though. Me, me too. I was handicapped by the time that shit was over. I stood, I was sitting right on a wet seat. Asshole. Squishy. That's what I did. I didn't give a fuck. I sat down squishy ass nigga. I stood, I was in the fucking using VIP you can say using was in VIP. What? It's the riser. Was that VIP? He was A celebrity. VIP. Yes. Ugh. But yeah, I told you, I said you would hate it here. Yeah, you would hate it. I was thinking about going over there. 'cause wave, shot to wave And Then Mark was in the acting poor, I'm sorry, Parks Mark.


And then Mark was in the acting Poor park's tried to get Mark arrested. He really well We were in like the, he was looking out. We were clearly in like the comp area. So No, no, that that ain't true. I ain't get comped. I did not get comped slu. We were in the Comp there, there was some, there were some extra seats there. So I figured Mark and his wife could come over and hang out. And then if the people show up then, you know, because what Was always awkward though, I, I thought I had, we bought good seats but then the way the stage was, it was like a back part of the stage and the front part of the stage. When we got there, he was still on the back part of the stage. So I was like yo, we far as shit, I ain't, I ain't pay all this money to for to be that far.


But then when he came around he was right. We were like basically front row for the front of the stage. But I didn't know that so I was texting them like, yo, we gotta go somewhere. So my wife was complaining. I don't care. Well now my problem was when we got there I thought I was somebody. I mean we in New Jersey, Mad love from the people in the crowd The way It is Met life. Yeah. Nigga who ain't, nigga we, I so hey, hey go drive over to the private to the private parking lot over there. So where we normally park for Summer Jam Man? He said Yeah we don't but we don't have enough. Hey man go pull up over there man.


Told him to get the fuck out there. Hey I rode the window down. I said so send him over to my side. Hey your button. I said, so send over my side. I rolled over there nigga Sergey don't watch the pod. I said Hey look, he did watch it. He didn't give a fuck. Look, I'm looking right at the lot. It's right there. That boy I probably one nine headed right over there. She said no you're not. She said, do you have a pass? I said No. She said Okay. So lemme see your ticket. Okay. So you gonna walk man far man far.


And then that'll get you where you gotta go. So all right, cool. We in a good mood. We had contact. Look, we gonna get out in the rain and walk man. Far. So me, Corey, Amani Erickson. She walk What? What you would've did Ish? Wait, Pay? No, you can't pay paid. You can't pay. I paid and got pretty good parking. No, no, no. You can't pay in that private parking lot that we talking about. Oh, Okay. And the handicap is not gonna get you in this parking lot that we talking. Oh, okay. Listen, the handicap get You right. Ours right there. I stuck my boot up and I went, ma'am It is 500 right in that boot for you too. And they directed you to Hackensack Hospital or wherever people with that boot on should be at.


You wasn't getting there. But anyways, if we get out and we walk, I don't mind walking. It ain't no big deal. We walk Ain't the rain. Ah. Hiking it, hiking it, hiking it. Every door. We tried to get in, they was like, nah, you gotta keep walking further. Yeah, yeah. All right. So we keep walking further man. We went to security guard like, yo, where do we go for this? That nigga said The other side of the scene. Oh God damn That, that long zigzaggy line with all of the white people. Nigga we looked, that line was ridiculous. Oh y'all got roll. I Said, oh shit, None of these Of, I walked in, I walked straight in. Yo, why you ain't start pump? I Said, oh, pump, pump, pump. Say come on about this Guy. Well that doesn't always solve things. I would've thought it did.


But when we saw the line, that's when I made a phone call and, and we were able to be escorted with the proper treated like who the fuck we are and how we supposed to be appreciated. You Thank you. That was great. What's my other beef about this show? I got a few beefs about this show. How much of it did you see? You had a bad experiences. Yeah. Were I don? Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. I don know where you can ever. No, no, I'm just saying Like I'm, before you got there, all that shit y'all went through, The seats were amazing too. Fucking we was Right there. Walk, we Couldn walk shit. But anyway, once we got in there, we was good. The seats were great. Seats were amazing. The wristbands alleviated all of those workers. 'cause it was a lot of people working. It was a lot of security there a lot. It was a lot of security. Horses, The horse cops, all that shit, Nigga. They had the dudes out there with the ar fifteens on them.


Yeah. Yeah. No, there was a lot of security. They weren't playing security that day. Looked like that meeting they had before this, this morning. Strict instructions. We not playing with none of y'all. Nothing. Yeah. And I totally understand that with stars as big as Kendrick and Csor, as soon as they, As soon as they got off stage, they, they threw 'em in the SUVs. Police escort Straight out my second, my second, my second beef internet. We could put the who sold out and who didn't sell out. Seats debate to rest. Yeah. Yeah. That one is not important. Trust me. It's not. It's it's with the amount of people that came out to see them. People.


Yeah. Two nights in a row. Facts. Two nights in a row. That's Say two back to back nights. And the mall. Huh? And the mall. Oh, and the mall pop up. Yeah. Since they did the mall pop up and shut the whole all four, three or four floors Shut down. I'm just saying it's a lot. 50,000 people, 55,000 people is a lot of people. For y'all to talk about the 2000 people that they Got, 45,000, it don't matter. Yeah. If you got 48,000 people in the 60,000 people venue, my nigga shut the fuck up. Especially Two. That was a stadium that was packed. Don't care what you're talking about. Everybody's singing word for word. I don't care what the fuck. Yeah. And That's what it looked like. It was crazy. I didn it wasn't a lot of empty seats. Little, little kids in there singing else like Oh yeah. Which led to what Security guards was singing.


Right. Which led to what I did next, which was Pocket Watch. Sure. So now as I'm watching the show, I'm here looking at the production, how I'm counting the dancers. Oh yeah. Yo, shout out to the dancers. Oh, they were good. They were gorgeous too. Shout out to the the, the dancers. They, they were all of them. I loved Kendricks because they had Beau. There were a lot of beautiful dark skinned dancers too. Which I thought was really Dope. Yeah, they had a lot of doce. Yeah. Yes. It was a lot. It was like they had a doce factory. That's what it looked like. Every dancer looked like doce. It was, it was dope. A fire. It was dope. That was fire. Yes. The dancers. Damn. What the fuck was I just talking about?


You're talking about the the budget pocket Watching. Oh Yeah. Pocket watching. Yo dog man. This little motherfucker. These two going back and forth On the stage. Elevator shit Over the stage. Ooh. Okay. Now the GNX is drinking. Ooh. It's going down. Ooh, it's coming up. Alright, now let's get the dancers come out. Alright, now we playing a movie. Yeah. These niggas are making a killing. Yeah, they're making Shit. It looked like the, like it was hanging from the Windshield. They're making an absolute killing up there. And I gotta say yo, the performance of all the stars That was fire With the lights and shit. The fire Sky. That was fire. That was fire. That was Fire. And they're on the risers and shit. Yeah, that shit was fire with All the pyro.


Yeah, that, that, that might have been my, that euphoria were my highlights. The pyro was the best part. 'cause it got warm for like two seconds. Yeah because It was a little brick. Was a little brick out there. Shit. Brick is not fair. It was A Little cold brick out there. Yeah, that pyro that little three seconds. It they, they need to turn that on. But that was in my pocket watching. 'cause I'm like, it cost to keep cutting that on. Oh yeah. So And It went off quite a few times. Quite A few times. Yeah. Yeah. So then as I'm watching these niggas go under the stage, over the stage, under stage, over the stage, I'm like, yo, he's shorter than I thought. You know how many times I went to take my phone out and tape and lost him.


Yo. I'm like, yo, where is this little motherfucker? And he got the nerve to be standing in the back sometimes talking about some, No, when you do the crouch down, like you already here Dog. Your dog. He is tinier than I thought. Yes. He look like 5 6 5 5, 5 6. That's generous. Nah, He's, he's, he's probably somewhere around there. He about to high five, seven maybe. Taller. That's hilarious. I'm, He's not respectfully mob. Deep short. But that stage was humongous. The stage was swallowing him. Pause. Yeah. It was, in my opinion it was A big fucking stage. Yeah. I was, that stage was huge. Yeah. The Big U, it was like a Big U or whatever that was.


Yeah. Big circle. However was Yeah, When You hit them far corners, I couldn't find a beat. I was, Oh yeah. And then the whole time as I'm sitting there, I was having a blast. I'm like, okay, sizzle on her. Earthy shit. She on her, you know that vibe. And she'd giving me that for about 90 minutes. Cool. I enjoy that man. Then she came out and started riding a grasshopper. I'm like, okay, There's a lot of bugs. There's a lot of bug energy. And Then now I gotta watch the dude grasshoppers behind her About the pre I was high. So I was enjoying, that's my dogs. Yo.


If you was at that show high, that Grasshopper shit was a trip. You needed some No. What I was loving the motherfuckers. Yo the nigga next to me was like dog. And she, if, if that Grasshopper has a steering wheel and she starts driving that bitch, I'm leaving She dance. She rode that shit like a motorcycle. Yo scissor has to stop. Nah, it was, Nah. No you're not goes back to the art class show. But you're Not a grasshopper. Get on. Yo. If I was a stage handler or somebody responsible for the, oh my Lord. So the Grasshopper thing was funny. The dude grasshoppers doing this in a bin. That was hilarious. What else was hilarious?


What else was hilarious dear? For me, I enjoyed the set. I enjoyed the set. I love To set. I love to set it. Love It. I left. I left early now too. Now nigga, Now now Clear. Shit came on You right here. Yo, when he told me when he left, I'm looking at the set list. I'm like, bro you missed. He's like, no, that was towards the end. I'm like, Joe, yeah, you missed a bunch of shit. I must have counted about six 15 records. But they also made that show a lot longer than I think it needed to be. Agreed, agreed, agreed with that Part. They started at eight 15 on the dot. Yeah. And I want to shout out all you bitch ass niggas out there that went to shows in other cities and then told me, no, you gotta go for Mustard. You gotta be there for Mustard.


So you know what I did? I showed up and saw Mustard Musta ain't Do shit. Look, that nigga stood up there and played the Musta record. I got them songs. I was in the parking. I Miss Mustard, I miss Mustard songs. I heard it from the parking lot. I was there before All y'all. Yeah, well I was, I was there, but I was waiting for rem you know we was at the mall first. I do, We went to the record Dream and then went Both of y'all was waiting for y'all. Yeah. Mad as I was mad as shit. I got the babysitter. We left here early, which is a miracle. I drove from Edgewater back to my crib. 45 Minute Drive, got dressed, got the babysitter, fed the baby, it came out. She's like, I just, I just don't know what I'm gonna wear. I'm like, it's a, it's gonna be black outside.


It's a stadium and It is cold. It's raining and cold. Yeah, Right. I was mad as shit. And then she wanted to stay to the end. 'cause my wife is, I love her that she's a wonderful, extraordinary woman who doesn't quite always understand how time works. That's, that's A lot. I can relate. Women don't Fuck with women don't care about time. So I was like, all right baby. Not like that. I thought not like it was gonna be Last song. A lot people Did. Uber said two minutes. I said, so when the song starts, I'm gonna call the Uber and then we'll walk to the parking lot. She's like, well let's just wait for one more song. Then Luther came on. I was like, everybody's gonna leave when Luther comes on shit. She said, well let's just see. Then she heard another song, Gloria. I was like, no, we out. So now that two minutes turn to 82 minutes. I'm not like exaggerating. Oh My God. So I said, she said, mark, didn't you say Joe came was her friends?


Let's just ride back with Joe. I said, I promise you Joe Button is not in this stadium right now. This is is a better chance that Joe is home right now. Gone. That is A fact. You Know the crazy part. I stayed to the absolute end. I was and drove walked out. I was in my house within 30 minutes. Same, same. I I, I didn't hit a, I said good traffic. I got super lucky when I came in. There's a long ass line for the parking. They kept trying to, you know, keep it moving. And I just saw homeboy like, yo, yo gotta get in there. He is like, you sure can pull right in there. Like one of the first lots. Right when you pull in the little shit. They gave Me a, they had gave Me an email and was like, yo, if you if to get past, go to this window. So park here. So I'm like, all right, bet. I drove all the way around till I found that parking lot. Oh. Hung my joint up there and I was, I Ain't know nobody.


My dumb ass took Uber. The uber lot was like, it was the worst choice a human being could ever make. I'm so bad. So instead of being out there first, I'm standing at their last in gen pop. No disrespect, but having to talk to every black person who walked by on a week where more black people saw me probably than they had in a couple years. It was so I eventually just went in the bathroom and waited And s head body. I was just In the store. It's gonna sound like a shot. It's not with all due respect, mark, do you know how to be hot? I don't like to be, I like to stay out the way. Bullshit. But carry on. No Thank you Park.


No, I'm talking about dead ass. I just, I just wanted to go to the show, sneak out, get in the car and go home without talking to anybody. Mark. It's like without any level of That. You'd had a hoodie on like no hat. Exactly. If that was your plan, then at no point should you have been in the Uber section of MetLife. Do you know that the Joe Button podcast is pretty popular in New Jersey? No. I, I get, that's why I strangely I'll tell, That's why I wanted to leave Salute for sure. A lot of people y'all Should sitting This my beef with SA Lot of Piss just have no idea. They just, I was section me and my wife. Y'all should, next time I see my wife tell her this, this Way. This is why I wanted to leave with not like us. So that everybody was, whenever I was still in the stadium so that I wouldn't have to pass anybody.


If we had left when I wanted to leave, I wouldn't have seen anybody. But by the time we left, everybody was walking out and then I got stuck Dog. I was looking around that stadium, seeing all those people and the lights with their phones out. And all I could think to myself was one, this is beautiful and outside it was a beautiful night. Like it was a nice night. The weather held up. Yeah. Yeah. Didn't rain didn't rain on me. Cold as a bitch. But Coldish and two That sweatsuit on. I just couldn't imagine being on Route three leaving at the same time as all of these people. So I'm like, yo dog. If he just would play like that, I could be on my way. And as soon as I said that at around nine 50 bitches sat down, I stood up.


Oh yeah, you got your joint. 'cause euphoria was early. You wanted euphoria was early because you like, I need euphoria. Yeah. If I wasn't there with these niggas, I really could have left in 20 minutes. You said you was like, yo, Wrongest, I get euphoria. I'm like, Joe, that's dumb early. I coulda left in 20 minutes. I'm good. I'm cool. Yo. 'cause what I noticed too, and I, I shouldn't say this but I'm gonna say it like they in tour mode now. So I'm looking at Kendrick being in tour mode too. Like preserve some energy fucking For Sure Just walk a little differently. Like it wasn't pop out energy like, nah on. Not at all. Not at All. So, and I feel him 'cause just being a spectator, I was exhausted. Three hours being up there, three Hours show bro.


And you just did a pop up. You, I know this tour life, not just that different like the popup stage, even though it was a big stage, it ain't have that whole, It was Half you walk all the way over there to come out To I was in both. It was not even close. Yeah, that was an arena show. This is a stadium and It is very fucking different. That was a big ass stadium walking very different. Like over to the part where you was at. Hell yeah. The Little Pathways. I just that yo, you got another show and another show you just did this last night. Yeah, dog. Like that shit is good. You gotta save your voice though. You got like at some point I wasn't even mad at when Scissor wasn't singing and it was the TV track. I'm like, yo. Yeah. Yeah. She was doing all types of shit. I was that again, back to she lot. My impress impressiveness with her.


Like she was like doing some fucking yoga, kind of stretching out, laying back and still singing. And then she went out to a, they had an after party, But when like she, when like that went off I think DNA come on. I was like, ooh, treat was next. I was on this track. I'll stay for DNA. It is like encore for me. And then after DNA we walked to the fucking back where our little bands, 'cause we had the worker band. Yeah. But we walked to the back. But by now the show was in effect. So they're acting funny. Yes. Oh you can't go back this way without an escort. I said, all right, escort us s like, no you need escort. Listen, we got these bands that say we could go wherever the fuck we want.


And I'm famous and I'm not walking that way. So you either gonna escort us or I, I don't know. But I'm going that way. It's like I'll escort you guys like I know you will. You got the fuck outta this. So pulled up in a timely fashion. I felt like Ice Cube today was a good day. When I felt so pulled up in a timely fashion. We hopped on there three, it wasn't a car in sight. That was like that Ice cube, triple double nigga. I was home. I was home in a heartbeat. I Think that everybody must have took the Ubers. 'cause I had no problem with trying. I didn everybody was Uber A lot end bro. Like me Too outside. I walked outta Gloria And I was like, yo, It is no traffic bet. And we was Home also. I mean, I gotta say during the mustard set, sat at shout out to the white young male and female tiktoks I saw that was dancing to all the mustard songs and self-editing nigga out of the song.


That shit take concentration. It was a few times I would've slipped up. No, that white nigga was doing a dance to my nigga and didn't do. Nigga my my, I was like, oh shit. He killing that Shit. So shout out to the white TikTok self edited nigga. Y'all was killing that shit. Oh yeah. I don't have nothing else to say about it. I had a great time. Yeah man. Shout out to Kendrick. Great Shit, I'm glad I got to do both the pop-up experience or pop out experience and the stadium tour experience. Yeah, I'm hating. But I've seen that popup show so many times. I watched that. I didn even that shit memorized. I got the Every Now It is. It was amazing that that one in the the Paris show that shit.


Yeah, that shit was different. The Paris show that he did for the Mr Morale. That shit was crazy. They were both Super fire in different ways. Different. The SZA thing I love because my wife is a huge Scis a fan. She loves, she loves Kendrick too, but like it was a great date show. Yep. Yes. And had it been 10 degrees warmer out would've been a greater date Show. And that's why I like them doing the back and forth. Because like I said, let's say Scissor comes out first, does her records, the women that were really just there for her, they bored now. Right. So it gave, it gave everybody, it kept everybody engaged, all show. They did like six, seven joints, then a joint together and then the other person takes over. Well That's the thing too is I'm a huge scissor fan, but I was thinking during the scissor break.


So I would go to the bathroom, I'll go get a drink, whatever, whatever. But don't wanna leave the wife here in the crowd alone. And yeah, You A better husband than me. I was in that chicken finger line, the whole fucking Citizen man. It was good too. It was hot as, You know what I mean? It is cold. All they do is be hot. Yeah. I'll do better next time. Mel. Yes. You Didn't make the Show? I didn't. No. I went to go see Othello on Broadway. I See you got the merch. Is that merch or is that like a gift from the, It is merch From Othello himself. It is, It is both actually. It was both. So stop Playing with her. Yeah. So Denzel's security got me and my girlfriend into the balcony seats.


Just put them on, put them on. Let's go, Mel. Yeah. So it was a really lovely experience. Go Champ. I bet. Yeah. So that was my third time seeing Denzel on Broadway. First time was Julius Caesar second was Fences. And then now there's There. How did it compare? How, yeah, how was it? Well, the thing that I didn't realize, and it's a, is that, I'm Sorry, but I, I, I don't mean to step on this, but I just have a step, a question before, before we get to the review of the performance. Yeah, yeah. So, so careful Denzel's security start. Start us there. How you got the, how you got to the theater, how you got the tickets, and how you ended up in the special booth.


Well, I was with my girlfriend Kelly. We don't give a fuck About, he asked me for the reason for the story. What the fuck, man, shout Kelly. You here, shout out Kelly here. And you know Kelly Big. Oh, then I love Kelly. Exactly. You know Kelly. Exactly. Tatiana. Kelly. Kelly. Exactly. Fucking fast. Right? You dunno who Kelly is, right? I know who Kelly is. So Kelly's now at Brooklyn. Chophouse. Brooklyn Chop House. Exactly. And so when the play came to Broadway, they had kind of like a, they had like a, a night for them, you know, the entire cast and crew, et cetera.


At Brooklyn. Chophouse, Can I interrupt you Really quickly? Go ahead. We need to redo the industry list. Oh yeah. On, on Air. We haven't done that in a long time. We haven't done that in, in ages. But we should get a clear understanding with this crew. Mel is number one. Mel is number one for sure. Joe's number two. Right. What does this, what does, what does this Mean? I don know what That is. The industry list. It's a throwback. It's a old, it's a old who's, who's the most industry? Industry meaning like mixy amongst people in the entertainment industry. Me? Yes. And it's not even close. I'm giving it to Ish. What, what I'm last No, you ain't last. You not last, but Nah. Last.


He might, he might be last. I'm last. Last, but You now. Yeah, you are last. You right. I'm last. I had you second to last, but how will You be last? Who, who Would be, I'm talking about now He is Mr. Outside. Outside. Huh? On Every podcast Industry. Oh, That's not what we're talking about Is Crazy. So it doesn't So like the Slowmo walk with Sim Simba at Yeah. That's why he is not last. That was two years ago. That was one thing Though. Yeah. It don't count that hard. He is seen Simba a few times. We may have to return to for the Patriot or so. But anyway, I just, I just wanted to pause. It is absolutely number male is absolutely number one. Number One list. Okay. All right. Well, what Joe? Two flip three Ice Is three ice. Four Ice is 3, 3 5 Me and Ish tied for last That I had him.


That's why I had you second to last of the hip. But we'll get to it. We get, Oh yeah, we gotta get to that. I want to hear your, I ain't three anyway. Back to number One on the list. Okay. So anyways, they hosted the, the cast and crew Brooklyn when the, when the play, yeah. Brooklyn Thompson. When it first ha first happened. So Kelly meet Sal, coolest dude on the planet. And basically that was, that was how we, we got into the balconies season. He just reserved them for us. Mm. It was lovely. It was great. It was fan fucking fantastic. A Wonderful show. Full, full house. Like, I guess the place started in February, maybe March. And it has been like at the End, end of February, I think. Yeah. End of February. And it's going to like June 8th or something like that. Full house. Every single night.


Every single performance. They, I, I was just pocket watching trying to figure out how much did Denzel make off of this. Like, I'm thinking his maybe like 20 mil is the price tag. I'm thinking. I have no idea. I'm think I'm Thinking that's, we Don't know. We don't know how much he made, but I, I'm, I'm, I was trying to like, you know, IM sure He got some back in. Yeah, we should we sure. Oh Yeah. No, he definitely got back. He trying to divert us. Nah, now fuck all that. What He made. Yeah. Yeah. So the play was really great. What I didn't know is that they were going to set it in modern times. So I thought that they were gonna come out with like, you know, the, the row. Oh yeah. So not only is it set in modern times's, but it's, but it's Shakespearean language. And it's also like the modern kind of gesticulation, like, you know what I'm saying? Like how we like Romeo And Juliet, the movie sort of, but Kind of, sort of.


Yeah. That's Phi. Yeah. And then they make some alterations as well towards the end when all the, you know, all the catastrophic shit happens. But Jake Gyllenhaal was fucking incredible. Denzel was, I mean, he's Denzel. Did You get, did you get to see him and talk to him after? I did not. Okay. I did not. I Would like to go see Othello. I'm, I'm gonna try and see it before. Did you drive? I'm gonna get it. No, I did not try to. I did not. Didn didn't want to. Why You? This is the last time seven two day, right? It is the last time y'all saw each other at, at the, at the, at the spot. At the spot. Yeah. Yeah. No, that was cool. Yeah. Got it. Don't you got the hook up? Lemme know I'm not, but you still got it, nigga. The, the security guard. Remember you?


Yeah. It was fun. And then, And then, oh, look how you look, how you glowed up. And Then we went to back over to Brooklyn Chop house. Shout out to Don Pooh and saw Jason Tatum in there. Okay. Say, say, Yeah, he was in the back. I was like, don't you have a game tomorrow? Oh, okay. I don't know. Lemme mind My business Did. Did you talk to him at all? Yeah. So, so you don't give a fuck. Right? You just, you What? You don't even care no more. What did you guys, so what do you mean? Before you started talking, did you come to him or he come to you? I brought, was brought over to his table. So you went Up to him.


Okay. I was brought over to his table. Right. Watch your fuck by Forest City. You walked over. Stop please. She was brought to this table. They do that in there. They do that. They tell you who's there and they bring you to the table. They do that a lot of times with me. She's not wrong. Yo, this person's over there. I'm gonna bring you over there. As a matter of fact, I did not want to go over because I was like, I do not wanna interrupt this man and his meal. What the fuck? You know what I mean? It is Something, don't worry about. It is something that do. It's something that they do. How did they convince you? It was Dawn told Come Melyssa. And I was like, all right, you're hilarious. Did you See that? Did you sit at the table Where you're hilarious? No, I did not. Yay.


What? You sat at the table. I did not sit at the fucking table. The chicken fried rice. She started butter and bread and shit. Well, it's funny you mention it 'cause I was gonna bring up the, the text text that you put in our Yes you did. In our podcast group chat. Don't you dare listen. Cut that shit off. All you, all you gotta do is show up to a game and they'll win.


Isn't that the track record? Every time he shows up to a game, Don't try to reverse it. Read what she wrote, the track record. See what she wrote. Don't don't fucking read. You was talking crazy. Don't fucking read. So you wrote this in the group chat and then somehow ended up at his table? Mm. She probably wrote that from his table. Yeah, she did. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Look at the time. Check the time. That's what happened, isn't it? Look, see, she said Good Joe. Number one. That's number one on the list right there, right? No, Gave, I ran maybe a little afterwards.


That was 1110 when you text us. Hold On. Yeah, that was 11:10 PM I gotta do the science. Yeah. I guarantee you that Shit was No, no, No. The first one was 11:00 PM Yeah. The Theater. Oh yeah, you're right. So the theater's right next to Brooklyn Chophouse. So Didn didn't really, didn didn't have to walk five as soon as the, The theater. Soon as the Fuck that. You're at the theater. Yeah. That's what we saying. Listen, I was just trying to, Girl, you cannot one Patreon, take one For the team. One Patreon. Okay. Yep. So Anyways, take one for the team. Fucking Celtics won and then he came back and had 40 before this fucking tragic injury. Well, I don know.


Delayed reaction. Yep. To the Patreon for sure. Solo. Thank you. I mean, I, I did my best. You'll lead, You'll lead us. Yeah. There we go. I did, Did my best. You'll fucking lead us. Yeah. Alright, now it's time for my favorite part of the show. Price Pick.


Alright. PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash money with millions of members. PrizePicks is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all, very easy and simple to play. All you must do is pick more or less than at least two players for a shot to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with prize. Thanks. And this week we are going with give us OG and a newbie for more than 21 and a half points rebounds Anis. Sure. Give us Jayden McDaniels for more than 12 and a half points. Give us Carl Anthony Towns for more than 19 points and give us po zeki, I hope I'm saying his name right. From the Warriors little white boy for more than 11 and a half points. I feel good about that. If you download the app, write this very second and use promo code J-J-B-B-P. You get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat for the people in the back. If you download price picks immediately, write this second and use promo code JBP. You get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


And now we are back. The puff trial started the other day. It's gonna be quite a spring summer. Yeah. Yeah. Day one didn't go well for puff from what the, the legal experts are saying, prosecution laid out a an argument. I don't know if it's gonna work or not. Well, the legal non-experts are saying he had a great first day. Yeah. The legal non-experts are saying that he absolutely smoked it and his team of attorneys put on a masterclass. Yeah. That's The, that's the sentiment I got. Yeah. That, that's what I've been hearing from a lot of the cultural critics. A lot of the observers and then a lot of legal experts are saying that they're setting the, that they're setting the trap for, for his team.


Okay. Again, it'll be interesting to see which, which direction it goes in. But to me, puff has a pretty, he has an argument that will be legible to a juror, which is, I'm a wild dude. I like freaky shit. People willingly did the freaky shit. I do fucked up things, but I never did the things they charged me with. To me, that's a winnable case. But the legal experts are saying the prosecution has a few things in the tuck, particularly the male escort who testified. Yeah. That is gonna be a harder, a harder thing to, to defeat. And then the other thing is with Cassie's testimony, even though Cassie is saying she willfully did some of these things, she's also saying she felt scared that she couldn't. And so the domestic violence angle is going to, is gonna be a thing that may stay in the juror's head, even if it doesn't make legal sense to some people.


It jurors aren't always persuaded by, by the law, by the facts of the case. Sometimes they're persuaded by this monster. If you believe Puff is a monster, then you may believe other things. And unfortunately, sometimes juries convict you on the kind of person you are. Not on the actual charge. Yeah. The, the, the letter of the law. Absolutely. I would, I would, I'm, I'm totally with that. If you present anything having to do with the actual charges, and I just didn't hear that in day one. Not saying they don't have it in the talk, but I didn't see or read anything directly related to sex. They, They did, they did sex traffic Did, they did like a summarization as to the key takeaways of day one. Yeah. So I'll read the, the please ma'am, the headlines. Okay.


So the prosecution highlights the two main accusers, which was Cassie, also a woman identified as Jane, according to the assistant US attorney. And basically it's just talking about the coercion of the freak offs and, and that sort of thing. The defense questions, the accuser's motives, which is another key takeaway, which is a typical thing that they would do. In addition to that both sides agree that Combs committed domestic violence. There's no way that they could get away with s Right. You know, acting like it didn't happen. The video in question is also admissible as a, as a piece of evidence, as are the freak off videos.


I think that there's some editing that's happening with them. So it's not the entire duration. And the jurors have been instructed to wear headphones when they're watching and listening to it because it's apparently extraordinarily graphic both visually and audibly. Like I said, the jury will see video of the freak ops that was established as well. Vi And like I said, the video of the hotel attack is central to the prosecution's case because like Joe was saying this, his character is on trial right now. Yeah. Right. That's just the bottom line. His character is on trial and everything that they have heard about this man prior to and during this whole thing is might actually be what persuade some of the jurors to make their decision.


There was a, the male escort who testified, he said he was paid for sex. He testified that Combs assaulted Ventura twice by way of his witness. And again, testimony about explicit and graphic descriptions. And also Puffy's whole family was there to show support, Which, which was super interesting that, that I'm, I'm going back to the male escort. Right. He, again, he says he was paid to have sex. Yes. If you're a juror, you may say, all right, well I was paid to have sex. He was paid to have sex. That's fine. Whether I like it, agree with it or not. That's not illegal. The problem is that, well, I think It is illegal. I'm sorry it doesn't make the other, it doesn't prove that he broke the other laws.


Absolutely. It, the sex stuff is illegal, but doesn't mean that it was forced coercion. Right. Got coercion. And honestly, if the worst thing did he quote was a, was a prostitution charge, he'd probably be very happy with that outcome, I'm sure. Right. With that outcome. The problem is with the, one of the things that the escort is testifying to and already testified to was that he witnessed a lot of abuse with Cassie. So if Cassie's saying, I was, I was scared not to do this, I was forced into this and you have a male escort saying, yeah, I watched her be forced into some of the stuff that we did. That's where the jury is gonna have to have that, that's where the jury's gonna have to make some decisions about whether they trust Puffy's account or whether they trust Cassie's account, et cetera. Yeah. That's where it's gonna get murky for him. Yeah, Well, I mean, like they're talking the whole, the overarching theme here is coercion and consent, you know, and so with the male escort saying that she paid for everything, whatever, yeah.


That doesn't necessarily mean that she wasn't coerced. That doesn't necessarily mean that his reach is not that far. The perception of his reach is not that far. You know what I mean? That she wouldn't do his bidding for him outta fear. But it also, it, it also doesn't prove that she, she wasn't doing that on their own. Like they have to, if you, like you said, coercion is basically what's trying to be proven here. You, that that's not proven it. He's saying she paid for it and they're just trying to allude to the fact that Puff did whatever this just from what I read, day one, I don't see it yet.


Well, again, remember what the charges are. Right? There's five criminal counts, racketeering, sex trafficking by force fraud or coercion and transportation to engage in prostitution. It sounds like just by, by observation two counts of transportation to engage in prostitution seems like that's not gonna be that hard to prove. Right? Right, right. Two counts of sex trafficking by force. That's a little bit, that's a little bit tough. Tougher, the Rico one is probably gonna be the hardest one to prove. Right. But, but sex trafficking by force fraud or coercion becomes, it comes down to whether you believe Cassie, Cassie is, if you, you have an eyewitness saying this was done to me. Right. You also have evidence that she was abused. Again, a a person could read this and say, Hey, maybe this is a revenge prosecution.


Someone could hear this and say, why should we not believe Cassie? Right. Right. She Settled. That's what the video kind Of, that's what I'm saying. So all these, all the video evidence, all that stuff could make someone have strong feelings as people do about puff whether or not you agree with the charges or not. And so, so to me, alive is gonna come down Who you believe Cassie or Diddy? Well, Puff's, pardon me, Puff's defense opened with this 50 million reasons not to believe Cassie, But this is the part that I'm confused about. She's, she's signed a, I mean, they, they reached a civil settlement already. Well, Whatever that number was, Whatever the number is, right? I'm just saying like, they signed, she got paid. If, if the idea is this is a cash grab, she already got paid before the feds intervened. So if this was a cash grab, she's already, she didn't need this case to get cash.


Who said it was a cash grab? That that's what, That's an insinuation. That's what she Said. She said 50 million reasons like saying that this is The 50 million reasons don't have to be cash related. I mean, that's usually an expression, refer to somebody getting, it Could be vengeful, it could be revenge, it could be a bunch of other reasons or incentives for her to, yo nigga, you ruined my life. You know what I'm saying? Like, yo, you ruined my life so I could be vengeful. I could be trying to pay you back. Which again, goes back back to the who do you believe? Right. So I think her already having a, a civil settlement makes her more, more believable. A lot less, not less to people. Because usually the argument is they're doing this to set up for the civil suit. They're doing this to get paid. I, listen, I don't have a horse in this race.


Lord knows I've covered this longer than I would like to. But even with the civil settlement mark, there were a lot of people on the flip side of that. There were a lot of people on the side of, I'm not gonna say It. I get what you're saying. I'm, I'm not gonna say It. I I totally get your point though, right. The ar I mean, I, I'm not even making a case about who's right or wrong right now. I'm just making odds about how the jury's going to read this. That's all I'm saying. And I'm just saying, typically jurors are skeptical of people when they think they're doing a criminal case to set up, to get paid later. And I'm saying since she's already, Oh, you took that part out already. I'm saying since she's been paid, I think that that works in the prosecution's favor.


But if you are a person that believes, look, Cassie was along for the ride the whole time. She, you know, she make, she made these choices herself from day one, which some people, observers do believe. If, if, if you're one of those people on the jury, then none of this is gonna be persuasive to you. So it's gonna come down to just whose credibility you believe ultimately. But I do think if you keep showing orgies and sex tapes and male escorts and abuse videos, that's gonna do something to the jury, it's Yeah. It's gonna inspire strong feelings. One, one way, one way. She, She's testifying kind of as, as we're recording this and she's already let them know, like, he moved me closer to him. Yep. He would send the security and assistance if he can't find me. So the the stage is being set to I'm under his control.


Right. Yeah. That he wasn't, that she was, he wasn't necessarily, he wasn't just enabling, he was enforcing. Yes. So then what if they posed a question that, how was she able to find if he was so controlling, how was she able to get with her current husband? I mean, people eventually do leave, not all the time, but people often do eventually leave. Whether it's a, I'm saying they pose that question, I think that's excuse. I found the strength to leave. Yeah. It's Tough. 'cause there's no way to represent the, the opposite side of what Mark and Mel are saying without sounding the way. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. That's What I'm trying. So It is, there's no way to do it. But that's what I'm trying, It is just about, like he Said, it's a, it's a defense. What I think it's gonna come and boil down to the, whoever they pick for the jury is gonna be really, really, really, really pivotal.


Like if you pick some, some people that are somewhat cynical Yep. That, that shit going fly. I heard, I heard they have a bunch of videos. I heard some of those videos are very, very, very telling. I even heard their videos with Puff, It is not there and It is not present. Mm. So if that's the case, it's like, You know what I mean? Like, it, It is going be, it's gonna be some shit. But she can also say that he was watching the cameras the entire time and it was an instruction for him, for her to follow And he got off and watching the footage later. Exactly. There's a lot of arguments. Both. Yeah. And, and finally I think some of it's just a philosophical question about what, what, how you see control.


Yeah. Right. Because at some level you could call anything control. Yeah. I'm about to say then, then his, his sheer celebrity would be controlled. Yeah. And, and this is, this is gonna be, this is why I think Diddy's defense has more ground than people may have thought six months ago or a year ago. Because I think people thought that the videos would be more smoking gun. The, the videos of smoking gun about sex happening, the videos of smoking gun, about prostitution escorts Happening and the videos are are smoking gun about physical abuse. Yes. When you start talking about physical abuse versus, yo I'm flying people into conduct sexual acts, I'm a sex quote unquote trafficking, I guess all of that other stuff.


I think those things become harder to prove. I think yo, we know he was whipping her ass like before the tape. In all honesty, people know that puff was beating his girl's ass before the tape even surfaced. But again, when you start accusing somebody of running a criminal organ organization an enterprise, that's gonna be something that's harder to prove than me beating yo ass. And, and that's, and again, that's where it's gonna get met. It's gonna be, it's really gonna come down to me to what the jury, how the, like you said, the jury's disposition toward these people. How they see people, how they see celebrity, how they see for how they see relationships. This is going to, I think by the end of this trial, there's gonna be a lot of people mad at each other and fighting with each other. Not about, it's not like OJ like who, you know, was he really in the woods?


It's gonna be like, can a person be in the, your Morality and integrity gonna be on trial? All of It Is. Right. That's, I mean, are you, if you're in a relationship with the celebrity and, and you say, well, I did these things because I felt forced to, I felt coerced to the physical abuse is one kind of coercion, but financial coercion and then fraud. All these things are things that are a lot more subjective and debatable to a lot of people. We, we laugh and joke up here all the time about what, what y'all be saying, the financial Things, financial abuse, Bro. If that's the case, it, it, it, it, it, it creates a really gray area for, yo this, this house mom sits at home. Right. This man makes all the money. So on the days that he might want to come home and get some coochie and she ain't really up for it.


Like that's, I'm, I'm simple. I'm oversimplifying. Of course, I'm not saying that they're parallels, but I'm just saying like that that Was actually a good example. I Mean, that opens the door to that. And that's why the prosecution is gonna focus on the violence. They're gonna make it seem like it wasn't just this abstract thing. It was a lot of, she was literally scared for her life. And I'm not saying she was. And I, I happen, I, I, I personally happen to believe Cassie, but I understand that this is not an open and shut case by any stretch. And if you'd asked me a year ago, I would've said, oh, Diddy, they got him. But when I look at the actual charges and what the actual evidence is, this is a lot, a lot messy. Anyway. Well, she's on, she's on the stand right now talking about the abuse that she suffered. And that is the focus of her testimony right now.


Right. See that according To See that leads me to believe that they don't, don't have much the strongest sex trafficking case. I mean they're, they're, they're promising to have more. That's what I'm saying. In their opening argument, they suggested that they have some footage that is more smoking smoking gun than a witness Than that. That don't, that don't work on me. But no, Hold up for a second. That, that, that don't work on me because I've heard that from months. I've heard that from months and months and months. And I've seen, I've seen nothing be brought to the table besides things that were immaterial. Like you telling, telling me about the baby oil. Like you're telling me about all of this shit that just don't really matter. One and two, even with the thug case where the, the public court of public opinion maybe thought that he was outta here.


They, but once we get into how these, how these celebrities are being handled, how the evidence is being handled, how there seems to be a rush to, to judgment, to prosecute. Yeah. A rush to prosecute. It just seemed like there's some other celebrity shit that goes on that helps prosecutors drop the ball. Absolutely. In terms of how evidence is presented. So, I mean, this has been too many months for me with this puff shit to not hear more than the horrible shit that we know, which is he's an abuser. Everything that his lawyer is saying, Hey, he's a piece of shit. He's horrible. Cool. However, he didn't do this. He didn't do This. Yeah. Right. Which is the defense's argument. But moving on from Puff for a second, you said something that I think is really interesting about the thug case.


'cause there's a parallel there around the Rico, the Rico is used way too often these days. Yes. Sounds like It is. Like that shit don't, and, and when you ever seen a one person, Rico, Right. And I Well, in an argument, it wouldn't be his, the argument is that he's using is the, the, the label, the business, all of the things to do this stuff. I've never seen a Rico with no co-defendants. Oh, I See. That person. The point of the Rico, that's a Rico, you running the criminal enterprise, he running it by himself. He don't have no code coded. Nobody. He's saying with his business, he's utilizing his business and the people that work for him to, they can get charged. You Got it. You, you can. Right. But obviously he was the only person they wanted to get. Yeah. But the, but the RICO is being used now.


Like for example, in the Atlanta teacher scandal, when the teachers were allegedly cheating on standardized tests in Atlanta, there were the 14 or 16 of them, they didn't just arrest the teachers for, for, for corruption or criminal theft. They charged them with the Rico Middle school teachers and high school teachers. That's correct. For allegedly cheating, erasing student answers on a standardized system. It was intended for the, the crime families. It was intended to stop low level people from taking the, you know, taking the hit for the bosses. And now they're using it against anybody who owns a business. Anybody who's part of an organization. And again, let's assume Diddy is a hundred percent guilty. I'm not convinced Rico is the right charge. Let's assume thug who had been pre, I still don't think in any of these cases the RICO can't be used like this.


'cause it's often overused against people who can't defend themselves. Th the th case, the Rico, the Rico kind of made sense. Makes sense. Because again, we rounded up everybody. Yeah. Because now, And that was Puerto Rico. Yeah, that was state, That was federal and Georgia, whatever we that's, but Georgia is the state that uses the rico. Georgia also used it against the teachers. It used to be a federal thing. Now Georgia and I think 78 or 79 started using the Rico statewide for everybody. I can see the point. Yeah, I see what you're Saying about, because in the Stu case, it was applicable. That's why they kept trying to tie him to the bloods. That makes sense to me. You get what I'm saying? Okay, that makes sense then I'm wrong. So it seems like that's a good example of it. Yeah. Teachers are a bad example of it. It sounds like Puff isn't a good example of it. Even Everything, not for nothing. Even with the teacher thing. I get it. They're not a gang.


But if I'm trying to, it's a group Of them's a group. It's a group. And I, I'm trying to get whoever is at the top, I can charge the Rico here because now I could convict all of y'all up, squeeze all of y'all to somebody's going talk and roll on the other person and we roll Uphill. And that's, and that's my issue with it. I, it's not that I don't think it technically meets the standard, but it's being overused beyond its original intent. Got it. Mm. Because now you're giving people who should be getting five years, 30 years under Rico statutes for something that is relatively small. I did, but I, I, I think that's why they use it. They use it to intimidate. Yeah. The co-defendant Cooperation On the person that's higher. Absolutely. They offer you this, this massive time, 30 years. And then you end up working out a deal to get lesser time to, you know, for sure in the Georgia teacher cases, they, they, they got the to roll up on the principal.


It wasn't, you wasn't John Gotti. They got, they got, they got Miss Edna. You know what I'm saying? Man, I ain't gonna lie. That's fast for Cassie there to stand. Yeah. I just, I think they, I'm not gonna lie to you. Yeah. To me, I think you're playing your big joker early. Unless that's not The big joke. He doesn't get that reference. But yeah. Unless That's not the big joker. You heard your Man. No. Still, you still ain't gonna play Though. No, I think, I think they shooting, eh, Let's see. I don't think Cassie's the big joker at all. So That's what I'm thinking too. I think they got something. I think they got something in the Tuck that nobody knows About. That's possible. I I You think they got like a Mark Furman? I I think they like That type of big Yeah, but aren't they supposed to let his Yeah, I don't think it's an actual lawyers secret.


Know they're not gonna like pop up like on tv TV I'm saying. Okay. I I get what you're saying. But I think they are going to have, I think the testimony is gonna be more damning than people. Than people. Got it. So both parties do know who they have. Absolutely. Witness. You got it. The Faster, the faster this trial goes, the better for Puff. Yes. Yes. Yes. I think, I think if the defense calls all their witnesses by two, three days, I think Puff comes home. This It is a two month trial though. It'd be a two month trial. We'll see, We'll see. It is definitely gonna least be a month. But I, I don Because I think they trying to convict him in a court of public opinion. Agreed. That's what I said. Clearly it, I think he could, he could present the best case in the world.


He getting hit with something. Just 'cause we want you Clearly the, What was the transportation, the prostitution. That seems Like's tough, fun to beat We getting you with. So Yeah. It may not be, I believe that The 10 years worth. Yeah, Believe that. I believe that. Yeah. Nah, you gotta offer to shine shit. Nah, you won. No sir. No sir. I believe that. I believe that when you get in front of the people and you get away, if they want you, they will. Yeah. Especially the Fed. The fed, Fed don't miss that shit. Like, yo, if I see you again, you got me. But Come here. That's why, that's how I broke my footed stall is the judge said, boy, if I see you anytime soon, that sure you are over.


I thought that was Lack of childhood. Oh shit. It's all right. That's not my problem. They gonna blame the judge for not being able to hop to get Well, no, I didn't spin my childhood running from the, the police. Just the, just a stereotype. Just being a boy. That's just a black steer. Jumping gates. Yeah. Being a boy. It's all right though. I used to be that nigga jumping gates. I'm not talking about that star gate with you no more. How, how are y'all feeling about this Tory Lanes thing? This thing hit the news yesterday and people have been all online talking about it. Not just the facts of the case, but also the why and how to feel about it. Mm. Don't feel good about it. What's The why? What In terms of why he was stabbed?


So let, let me say first Tory Lanes was, sta was stabbed 14 times. 14 times according to his, his Instagram. His Instagram. I wanna make that clear. He Yeah. The, the hospital hasn't confirmed that and neither has the prison. I'm not saying it didn't happen. I'm inclined to believe him, but I just wanna be clear that I'm gonna read exactly what, what Tory Lanes is, what Tory Lanes said from his, it was his Instagram account. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I love 2025. We don't know. That was Tory Lanes, story lanes, Tory spelling, we don't know. And listen to us. Yo, let me read you what Tory said straight from his Instagram right after the incident occurred. Right. It said Tory was stabbed 14 times, including seven wounds to his back, four to his torso, two to the back of his head, and one to the left side of his face.


Both of his lungs collapsed and he was placed on a breathing apparatus. He is now breathing on his own despite being in pain. He is talking normally in good spirits and deeply thankful to God that he is pulling through. He also wants to thank everyone for their continued prayers and support. What we know is the fact is he was stabbed and he was taken to an outside hospital. Right. And, and that's what we know for sure. And originally when the report came out, they said it was non-life threatening injuries. That sounds different. Two collapsed lungs does not sound like it's just a walk in the park. So it sounds pretty Life. The the reason why they're saying that, it's like just allegedly a Mexican Mexican gang in the, it was like a hit. They stabbed him up.


The rumors in the street are saying that because while Tori is in there, the, the black people around him, he's making sure that they eat, he's making sure that they good. If you look at Tori wrong and all that, he's just, he's filling up everybody's, he's feeling he's taking care of taking care of niggas inside the jail. And sometimes one crew has the upper hand and the other. So that's the rumors behind the scenes. Okay. Okay. Y'all clearly are willing to take this further than my journalistic can tell you. No, but for Real, it's not Funny. So of course there's nothing funny about this. I absolutely love Tory Lanes, but as far as all of these facts that we have inc. Cite your sources, I'm letting him go.


He was feeding the jail. What the fuck? The Mexicans didn't, they didn't like that shit. They didn't like Everybody ate It is gonna cause so then it's gonna cause a race war in there. That's what they're saying, man. Like there's a lot of news coming out. But Who said that? Outside of w Niggas from the prison. I saw Wack 100 and, and I seen it. But you, That's enough to Source. Yo. It is mad people listening to these. Yeah, that's what I was trying. Hey look, niggas calling in from the jail, they interviewing niggas that was there. That's 80 more people. What's Yo, he duck. Right. I was right there. Are you acting like, are you acting like niggas from jail?


Don't get the news first before us. Holy shit. Hate Get the fuck outta here. Niggas from jail. There's a lot of shit that happened. Okay. You know that, you know better than that. So why would they stab Tori? I'm not gonna think it's conspiracy shit. What they saying conspiracy. I'm, I'm from the school of, I don't know. Right. It is all a legend man Car. I have no idea why none of this happened. I don't know who did it. Jail. Different, I don't know how many times I'm aware, I know when somebody get hurt bad enough and blood is coming out that it becomes a matter of liability. I know we start talking about who's responsible. Yeah. Who got what insurance, who family knows what, how important. There's too many factors in play.


Got it. For me to feel comfortable saying, alright, I just spoke to No, I Just, yo just called. He said, He Said, yo And, and, and, and Fuck that nigga also got good If I've been, I've been stabbed before. Me too. As far as having two collapsed lungs and then speaking an hour later. Yeah, It is different. That sounds, yeah. That's tough. Difficult to do. Now listen, Tory did make fucking, what's my song you made?


What's the I get the fucking song confused with the Drake song. Not one dance. What The fucking Tory song. What's the fast dance in Tory's song? The One he did off the, the Drake Flip controller? Nah, he got his own. Damn. That's gonna bother me. But anyway, listen, Tory made Playboy, but no, that's, that's a tall task. That's a tall task. It Is me, It is medical professionals that like I was are questioning it. No, they're not questioning it. They Said It is bullshit. They said bullshit Can't happen. Bullshit Have no question. Like you're not getting on a breathing apparatus and then being taken off. But that's publicist. It could be Publicist. Yeah, it could, it also could Be, how do I say this?


You, there might be an opportunity there to have some good things happen for you if Right. It sounds more dramatic than it was. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. Better facility. Maybe cut some time. All the things you might be thinking. That's why I just wanna say we know he was stabbed. They say he got stabbed 14 times. I have no idea how many times he was stabbed. For me, It is been about the conversation people are having about it. It's disgusting kind. I, I kind of don't like, and let me be clear, I'm not a Tory Lanes fan and I've obviously been very supportive of Meg and the whole situation, but what I find frustrating is the same people. Are You a Meg music fan? No. Eh, you a Meg fan? She's a woman. I'm a per, I'm a mixed person fan. Alright. I know as I know her.


So what I'm saying, I, I I, I I you personally. I like her as a person. One and two. Oh please. You said you knew Charlamagne. I been shooting at you all week and shut up. That's, Eric keeps saying he shooting. I don't think he shooting at me. Hey, you told me he was good friends with him. He been getting shot at before days. Man, he ain't shooting at me. I can't listen to y'all with this. I'm good friends with him. But my, my point is for me, Charlamagne cleaned him up. Me really? Charlamagne cleaned him up. He ain't him up. Yeah. About what? Charlamagne got him together. I missed it. Did was be No, no. I'm gonna be messy. I'm gonna play it. Put a, put a pin in. Let's, let's play it right after we finish up on me. We can have, we can have, you know, me personally. Yeah. Not like, we're not homies, but like I know well enough to, and I supported her during the situation and what I say is I You dmd her?


No, no. I convers anything you need. Nah, nah. Got you. Your bag is different. O freeze. Yo. Anything you need while you're going through a hard time. Yo, I'm here for you. You want some man? Yeah. Nah, dude. Anyway, that's a whole other question. But my point is, I, I supported Meg's position and I I I thought it was important to defend her given what happened. Okay. And I thought that accountability for Tory was important. Where I take issue is if, if you're asking for Tory to be held accountable and for a lot those people that meant prison, you can't then be cheering that he gets stabbed in prison.


Steer cheering for someone getting potentially almost murdered is not dope. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. It's fucked up. But, but if you don't, y'all, y'all to the internet or something. I guess what I'm saying is if he didn't go to prison, you felt like he got off scot free and then somebody stabbed him up. I could see you feeling like, all right, he got what he did. But I'm saying he went to prison. What else do you want him to like He got 10 years. That should be the end of it. So we shouldn't be out there. Celebr especially celebrating. I don't celebrate anybody getting stabbed in prison, but especially in this case. And it's the same people that are calling for justice that are also celebrating him getting stabbed. I don't think that's okay. That's all I'm saying. So whether you like Tory personally or not, whether you agree with the case or not, however you feel about what happened with him and Meg, regardless of that, you still shouldn't be out here celebrating somebody getting stabbed in, in, in a, in a prison yard.


That's all I'm saying. Agreed. And I hated that conversation that was happening on the internet Because we always talk about it and leave her out. That's an important part. Yeah. The me and Tory. Sure. Alright. Forget it. Sure. But nobody was saying that on a lie. Everybody was talking about people even saying, oh this is Meg's fault. She she did this to him and now he's getting stabbed up. Mean all that conversation's so stupid. It's all Stupid. I don't, yeah. I can't. Yeah. I hated it. That's not in my ministry. Completely checked out of that. Yeah. I would like for Tori to be okay the same way Chad, I hope that Meg was okay. I would like them both to just be okay. And that's my position on that same 14 times is a lot of times to be stabbed.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or cut or anything. Anything, Any interaction with a knife Word. So, and the nigga stabbed him must have held the Guinness Book of World Records for me to stab that many times. You might got stabbed by multiple niggas and nigga you fighting, that's three take much good. Yeah, It's true. Listen, listen buddy. That's why I obey every law, every, everything you say, I believe you brother that like, that's just all the more reason why I try my best to stay outward.


Yeah. It's unfortunate. Yes. Fucking crazy nigga. Back when I thought I was tough running around Jersey, niggas was like, yo, in Hudson County they prick niggas with HIV needles. If you're not down with gang, I say, wait, you're doing what? Oh, obeying the law. Very easy. It's the easiest thing in the world. Don't jaywalk, just gimme 10 minutes. Yeah. Nah. I mean, whoa. Do what everybody say. Oh my Lord. I was going to the studio. I ain't gotta see you niggas. Fuck that. That first breakfast plate you get at six in the morning, I'll let you know if you like food. Stay out there man. Stay outta there. Yeah, I'm cool.


Anyway. Rubbery egg pre for Tori. Man. Tori, we love you. Praise for sure. We love you. We hope you are Well that's just an unfortunate story. Indeed. It is A lot, a lot of unfortunate stories. It is One more unfortunate story real quick. I just wanna say a rest in peace to LGP Quad. Yeah. Brother Philly. Yeah man. Young, young cat man. Real, real dope rapper. Real positive energy. I don won't call him a kid, but real, real, real cool young brother. He was murdered on Sunday on Mother's Day. That's awful terrible. He was, he was setting up right. Actually about a block and a half from where I grew up. He, they was outside and he had his chain on Hazel.


Yeah. Guys came out Ski mask, tried to rob him of his chain. You know what I'm hearing is that, you know, he, you know, It is, It is always a struggle over those kinds of things. And they shot him in the chest and, and, and he died at the hospital and he just had so much promise. Did You know what I mean? He was so, You know what I mean? He's super talented. I had just talked to him a couple weeks earlier that was a dm and I had said to him like, 'cause we, we DMed back and forth. I was like, yo, let me know how I can support you. He's like, I got a new album coming out. I'm excited about it. Can you just repost spread the word and when something drop, maybe put on the pod? You know, that kind of thing. And he was just so excited about what was up next for him. And he had no idea that two, three weeks later he would be, he would be gone over this foolishness. Man, I'm just, I'm, I'm at a point and maybe this was getting older, but I'm just tired of hearing the same story.


Not just about young rappers, but just young black men, young everywhere. We're just dying over nothing. Nothing man. Over a physical item. Right, right, right. And I don't wanna blame him or anybody, you know, for, you know, because I've seen same thing happen with PNB rap, PNB, rap, you know, where, you know, people try to rob you and there's a, you know, you have a right to keep your shit. But I also want brothers to understand that this shit is not worth as much as their lives. And, and all of us gotta do better. All of us gotta do better. All of us gotta do something to stop all this. That's it. So rest in peace. Yeah. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. Peace again. Peace. Super duper talented man. I'm sad to see. Yeah, that one's sad. Yeah. There we go.


Rest in peace to that young man. Rest in peace to Bishop Ante. Rest in peace to anybody that lost somebody recently out here. If you listening. Yes sir. I Hey Mic Check.


One, 2, 1 2. Mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2, 1 2. Here goes. I was watching, I was watching Get Up the sports show on ESPN last week and I think Jay will or somebody started talking about how Stephen a did law and order and I know Stephen A is trying to get his acting chops off. Right. And I know he's trying to run for president. That's a lot of, that's two big things to try to get done.


He got his a hundred million dollars. That's, and we still don't know where Max Kellerman is, but so as somebody this a supporter of Stephen a the other day I was like man, I ain't doing shit in the crib. Let me go ahead and fucking turn on law and order so I could see them murder. Fucking Stephen A. Smith. 'cause he's a sports agent. Like in the show he's a sports agent of a star athlete who's caught up in the grips with his friends. So it's very similar to things that you heard him say in real life on the show. Did he bo it? Man, sure enough, I cut on the law and order. He's the first scene that comes on where he is telling the, the sports star that you ain't LeBron, you ain't kd, you're a grinder.


You can't afford to have 11 people on your staff. You fucking this up fire everybody or I'm outta here opens up like that hard. It's like, oh shit, they whiling right now. So I walked to go get my Uber eats that came 'cause I had ordered a little meal. I go get my Uber eats and I come back as God would have it. Stephen A is dead on The ground. Hey, They killed Stephen a in 3.3 minutes at the front of this show. He laid in Central Park. Man you talking About they gonna fire me, they gonna fire you. Oh my God. They ended the shit outta Stephen a shout. Just Stephen a but black people. We just died so fast in these shows.


Would you do that? Would you do like a walk one like or the drama? Yeah, 100%. What would you, especially if I'm a fan of the drama. Okay. Like law and order. Damn. What's the other one that starts with a fucking C? Oh, criminal Minds. Oh, that'd be a good one. Criminal Minds. Yeah. Yeah. What else? I watch all these shit, so yeah. Mel, can you pull 'em into one? I'm still trying to get myself into This shit. But I mean you get, you were a star in a lifetime drink. Still trying to get on NBC. It's been a struggle. A, B, C, You know CBSI mean I got Priorities, You know CW CWC I don't even think that exists anymore.


Cw, she gonna do the remaking homeboys in Space. Space. No, Cw. What is wrong with y'all? Man? That's funny. Is that Channel 11? Yes It is. Still got U-P-N-U-P-N-U-P-N nine. What was the first, first was wb right? It was no, First was channel, channel nine. First was wpi. I XiO. That's what we, it was just picks. Oh Shit. Okay. That's hilarious. Yo man, you got this man. Trust me. Don't nigga discover you. I'm not sure I I believe in Mel down you gonna be on Dancing with the Fried Green Tomatoes part two Dancing with the People or some shit like that. Some bullshit spin over Lifetime.


Going do dancing with them. Dancing with friends. Yeah. Melyssa Ford dancing with them. Yo, yo, I got it. But she do good in the, in the, in the movies that she's in. I I, I think so. She did. Thank you. Yeah, I didn See the last joint that you saw. I'm gonna buy it today. Yeah, it was solid. It was solid. I appreciate that you guys. Thanks for the support. Support you get PC O for that if we buy it? What's That? Do you get any money off that You buy? No, Yo. Oh, you get the one time fee in My yo. Every other week I get a male is so white segment as I watch back the pod. Like you just don't put us in the greatest position to win.


Let me shut Up. It's Called said streets Right ma? I take 'em off the streets, up Fly. I'll learn it. Okay. You Better whole practice. No, No, no. Listen to No, I'm trying to get that like that fan dance down. I'm sorry like that. I couldn't remember to was Don't say nothing. Don't say a Fucking That new like country dance that everybody's doing with the fans and shit. How, how we Go? They talking to you about black shit? It Is, It Is. Oh it some jab boozy shit. She Was a fairy that huh? Shut up. That's a Song. This was Mel's description that the song is of the boots on the ground craze this With the fan.


Oh, that's what she was describing? Yes. It just sounded so different when you said it. Shut the fuck up. No, I might be funny. I didn't, I didn't place it. The first thing I said the dance with the fans. What? I know what she was talking about. Didn didn't know that. Thank you. Didn't he knew what I was talking about? You know. Do you know any, any of the moves yet Ma'am? No, I do not. Okay. But I am, you Don't get the electric slide down. You're probably not gonna get none of the other new dance graves. We'll see, we'll see what happens. You know I'm planning a trip to Atlanta soon. My girlfriend does the shit she gonna try and teach me. Run to Atlanta. Just to, I'm hoping for the best.


Let's go man. I think you got it under Control. You got some more press to do. Yeah, I do. I do. What? Another movie I got coming out on the show. Girl Girl. Anyway. She Admitted it yet? No. Oh. And she won't, nor nor am I trying to get her to admit to anything. Okay. Can I, can I ask a Question real quick? What's up? Wasn't It supposed to be a Cookoff happening? This pod? No, it was next Tuesday. Oh. Well she thought she was losing her job so she had to, she had to make sure she throw something out here so y could look forward to just in case I leave. Let me provide y'all with food. No, ma, get your ass. No, no, not like that Next Tuesday. Man, we've been waiting. That's what I thought for Mac. Come on. But here's the thing is I bought it And you're better than that man.


I bought everything. I'm getting ready to do it and I took video. Are you a breakfast maker? Yes. You took video Of what? I took Video. Of the items of the ingredients That I bought. You buying Cheese, getting ready cheese. Right. She Went to the cheese. I got the mac, I got, I got the macaroni noodles. I got the pans. Lemme which Noodles? Let's see. Let us see the fucking Elbows. Which elbows? The macaroni. Elbows. It's A couple of Them, you guys? Yeah, A lot of people. Okay. All It's okay. Any who? It's, it's coming. Okay. This Is why she be on her white shit. 'cause every time we try to talk to her about her and bring her back to the black side, you stop us mid joinin. You always do that. She gonna stay white. Well, we've done our part in terms of adding suspense to the mythical mac and cheese.


Just one clarify. We waited three years. It's never happening. Just one clarifying question. You, you went to Smar yesterday For next Tuesday. I just, I have a really, I have a Real, I don't wanna say that. I have a Really busy week, so I decided to just kind of get it out the way. Sure. I agree. Solid Shit. We could just bring Denzel with you, Sal. I'll Work on that. What else needs, what else needs our full attention? I can tell you something that needs our full attention. The draft. Yes. I knew you was gonna do that. You, you got Damn right. Your's. That's all I got left. What's good? We back. Everybody thought the sixes was done. Who we, We Who? This nigga's got the fourth pick the third pick. Fourth pick the fourth pick the Third pick.


The six is not the number one pick. Like a 70,000 times shit. Ain't really Why you bringing up Do nothing. Shit. You Said traded up for number one pick. We back This job of That's the old I'm a Sixers fan. That's the, who is we? That's the old administration. Markel Foltz. You still, you could pick everybody. Simmons, What else you got? I just Love it. Will Chamberlain, Charles Barkley George Started betting well, you know our bet that the Sixers will have a better record and now we are happy as can be over their lottery position. Third pick When you have, I guess some Constellation Pro.


Listen, Ty Reese Maxey got McCain over there. Poor George. Pg It was a injury season. This happened to the Spurs where Dave Robinson was injured for a year. They get Tim Duncan and they created Dynasty. They had the first pick though. That was I know, but sometimes the third pick turns out pretty good. A guy named Michael Jordan Third pick. That's, that's a fact. Sure, That's a fact. I mean the, the, the way Wade draft third pick, right? I mean we, we go on a lot of the oh three draft, but there's a lot of great third picks. But the point is Ace Bailey I think is who we're gonna get. And I think he's a, a, a solid player outta Rutgers. But the point is, the point is the Sixers are in a position now to rebuild and hopefully maybe even trade something.


And what Jake Williams said today, which I agree with, is the Mavericks who I really wanna get to, should consider trading their number one pick A lot of talk about that. To Milwaukee. To Milwaukee For, for or to the Sixers to try to get a Tyrese Maxey. Because if you get a Tyree Maxey and the number three pick or something like that, you could rebuild. I support that choice. But the real question I have is, how the fuck do the Mavericks keep getting number one pick when there's a white superstar on the table. This This, their first time getting number one pick It is their first time getting a number one Pick. I mean a lottery pick an elite lottery pick a lottery pick. When I say number one, I mean like lottery pick not the overall number one Pick. Nigga they just traded in the last couple years. They've had blockbuster trades. There Have been some conspiracy theories.


I'm conspiracy theory, I'm floating the conspiracy theory. Just a Percentage of them winning the lottery. Pick 1%. Winning one point percent. It happens. Yeah. I don't think it's a conspiracy, but I'm just floating. There's a lot of people, sometimes It it be a duck when it looking quack. Like one, sometimes it really, the Spurs, you getting top picks, Mavericks keep getting top picks. I don't know what, what's The, what's the conspiracy? The person don't watch basketball People. He says it's fixed. People have been saying that the lottery's been fixed since the Patrick u draft of 85. People have been saying that the league decides where players go. I don't believe that. But it's been a prevalent theory. And the fact that the Mavs got another big pick is interesting. I don't think it's, I think it's just coincidence and good luck. But it's Fixed. I think it's fixed too.


And the conspiracy really is because Luca just went to the Lakers. Yo, we gonna trade y'all star over here To our biggest market. To our, yeah. Our, our, one of our biggest, biggest Markets. There's the conspiracy theory Right here. And we'll look y'all out on the, on the flip side. We got you. We'll Throw you Cooper flag And that it was on the anniversary of where the conspiracy, I wanna say started, which is us with Patrick Ewing. Yep. There's fucking, the magic Was involved. The the Shack and Pin Magic got hella lucky. Yeah. Spur Got hell. Hell Lucky with Tim Spurs. Spurs got super lucky. They had to, they were 41 and 41 that year. No, they were worse than that. But they weren't great. They, they were. No, they didn't, they missed the plans for like one game. Weren. They weren they No, they were bad.


Oh, they're bad. You're right. Okay. So that's right. 'cause 'cause Dave Robinson didn't play. You're absolutely right. It was the magic of 40. And Sean Elliot didn't, I'm sorry I'm confusing the magic in the Spurs. Right. The magic were 41 and 41 in, in Caterpillar, Cleveland in oh three with LeBron. Yeah. Derrick rose to Chicago. I mean Zion to New Orleans while the league owned New Orleans. Yeah. There's been a few. The Anthony Bennett Cleveland pick. Cleveland's gotten the number one of mad times. Wiggins. Yeah. What's up deer. And they showing how in the last, the last eight years, the team with the worst record has not finished in like the top with a top pick.


I feel like they're almost trying to punish teams for tanking too much after post process. That's The whole point of the the lottery, Right? Yeah. But I mean teams were still the sixes did it even knowing we weren't guaranteed one right now. It seems like having the worst record, you almost not going to get it. Niggas did all that for Ben Simmons bombs. Yo, the process in hindsight, y'all are sick. The process in hindsight is one of the nastiest things in sports. Why with the Jason to We was four bounces away. The process didn't necessarily, it was just The process works. Why Mark Doesn't Has that really worked For a lot. They traded, they traded out of Jason Tatum. That that one hurts the Newlan Noel pick Exactly.


But The Ben Simmons pick and how that turned out. But that and in be's injury, so the process you looking at five, six draft picks that was supposed to, you know, they're supposed to do change and they all, it's like curse. It's like the high five curse or the three's company curse. You Think that's reflective of the process or just their bu ass? That's what s that bum ass GMs Well some people call it karmic retribution. All of That's the process. You, you trying, y'all were adamant and vocal about trying to lose for years. Yes. And just kept telling your fan base trust the process. The we got you. So now this is what happened with each player that you picked in those five, six years. It looks the way is all I'm saying. Yeah, but I'm just saying that's not a to It is just point.


That's not a referendum on the process. If the sixes had better GMs, if we had Danny ain, we we'd be in, we'd be winning our fifth fifth ring Right now. That's not replying to the karmic retribution part of it. No. The the karmic Part. Even that we go pick up stars. I don't believe that. James Haren we go get Paul George. We is Taking, still making moves to telling people trust the process. I'll give you an example. The year we, nothing worked. We Dr we traded Drew Holiday. Yep. Which got got us the right to draft Michael Carter Williams. And we already had a pick to get NAR as Noel. It's nasty. Right. Do you know who went number 15 in that draft? A guy named Giannis out Kupo. Now nobody knew Giannis gonna be Giannis. That's why he went 15. But we could have gotten there. Right. But but Even when y'all picked up Michael Carter Williams, he won Rookie of the year.


Y'all traded the nigga like a, a year or Two later. He couldn't play though. I mean it was the right choice. If you think about It. A nigga won rookie of the year bro. And you ain't hear him since what started to happen, niggas start playing too good. And you gotta get outta here because you fucking up the real process up tanking. Nah. Mean that Was happening too. Yo. What you doing? Nope. Get get him outta here. Michael Cur Williams works at Sunglasses Hut now. He, he he Is. This is a lot of, a lot of focus on a lottery team. I I'm not talking about the lottery team. I'm talking about the lottery. The lottery. The question is, is the NBA fixed? Let's get back to that. Not a lottery team. The lottery. I don't think the NBA Yo Your Knick's been good for like two weeks and y y'all just, you know what, talk about car retribution. But they they built that team the right way. They did. They did. They Built that team The right way. Can't nobody say nothing me about the Knicks dog.


I was there watching Chris Dudley as a starter. Yeah. Like if I just tell you all of the people I've watched throughout the, you can't say nothing to me about what, what's going on now. You crazy. I don't fuck with them. Like, but but they, they, They, I was there for Vin Baker. No, they did it right. Like washed Vin Baker Super was Baker. Even Jerome James. Yo, they, they, they took their number two pick that they drafted and sent his ass to Toronto for a pivotal piece of the team. Like they doing it the right way. I commend them for what they're doing. I'll fuck with them. But I ain't mad at them. I hate them. But, but I, but I ain't mad at them for their, for their journey and getting there. Golden State did it the right way. They kept drafting league players. Yes they did. Yes they did. It just to me, the Sixers and other teams that lose on purpose. I'm o I'm okay with that.


But what these other teams have shown us is that It is don't aint, I'll just say they ain't the only way. 'cause there's no guarantee. I mean Boston Celtics are a good example of that. They rebuilt without ever being as bad as the Sixers were because they had a better gm. They, they finessed us at us. I agree. At of Jason Tatum. I mean they didn't fines at Jason Tatum but they, they finessed us into another. No, I mean they already had number one pick. They had, yeah, they had the one. Yeah, they Swap. Again, this is just a lot of focus on a lottery. I'm talking about Boston losing teams. You know what we don't like. It's a lot of loser Excuses. You know what, I'll move on to that from that then How about, how about the other NBA piece of news, which is that Michael Jordan to me the most underwhelming piece of news, Michael Jordan is now gonna be on doing NBA coverage again. I Love it.


Me too. I can't wait. I Love it. They're Bringing the theme song back. Right. Damn. Damn. That would be fine. You damn near have to. You Have to. They better. What's Your thoughts on that mark? It sounds like a good idea, right? Not to me. I think it sounds like a great idea. I mean, Michael, if Michael Jordan wanna do it, you can't say no. I don't think he's gonna be good at it. I remember when Dr. J was doing NBA coverage, he was terrible at it. Michael Jordan is not a good talker. Horrible. And he's the most reserved person in sport. The reason he's a superstar is because he doesn't say anything about anybody in public. So I'm not sure he's gonna be as provocative as we think. If he is, it's gonna slip out. No, I think some Hate going. Think he wrong. I think that he is. I think he raw. I think Michael Jordan gonna be like, yo, well the guy ain't shit. Really. Like he talking about like, yo, you think so?


What we saw Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan know. Fuck with these new nigga, nigga. They had him as a, a judge for the dunk contest of the All Star game. And it was some fire shit. Five T that's yeah, that's, he gave nothing higher than the six yo dog. Like just sitting here hating just the look on his face. I want to see. Yes, get up here and hate on this shit because I know you don't like the game today. I would love to see him. I want to hear him talk about niggas. Carl Malone and Barkley get up the, I want to hear Michael Jordan. He's d talk about he's a dummy. The Pacers shooting. I mean, excuse me. The Celtics shooting 45 threes. See I want to hear Michael Jordan's son talk about this Celtics shooting 45 3 Wild on Coke. He'll talk about it.


Yeah. I don't get it but alright. I, I just think Michael going come in. Yeah, I think Michael Jordan gonna come in there. Fuck around be off that. What easy. Jesus. Nah, he tequila. That nigga gonna be drunk. That nigga lights, that's tequila drinker right there. No, the real reason they lost. 'cause he ain't shit like yo coming there with trash them eyes yellow. Yeah. Get to talking. What that deep ass voice. He talked mad slow. This is gonna be comedy. It is. I Don't think think he was gonna be good. They didn't say what he was getting paid. Right. No. Nah. A lot. That's what I wanna know. You Think it, you think it's a lot? Yes. Yeah. What? Well, yeah, for me to leave my NASCAR team for me, to me leave my billions to come sit up on this dusty ass podium, y'all gonna pay me.


I guess that's what I'm wondering like, is there, Michael don't really need money as far as we know. So is when you get to that level of money, do they still have to like, make like a stupid offer for you to Say yes, gotta pay for my time? How much, how much is that worth? Depend on The person. I'm asking how much you think Michael George time is worth More than Charles in them. Oh, Oh yeah. And they getting Anike. It is bad. Maybe Is it worth more than Charles and Him? Charles is so good. Well, Charles is great. Shaq is great. We're talking About Charles with 20 years versus Michael Jordan. Today They gave Tom Brady $30 million, my nigga. That Is true. Tom Brady's good though. No he's Not. He No he's not. No he's not. And he, he's not having any experience at all. I just assumed he was good. I I know. No, he's not. He's stale. Really?


I don't watch football. So they Gave him 30 million out the gate. Yeah. Is he a draw then? Is he, does he bring in an audience? Yes. Is that what Okay. Yes. So it's like he could be bad. Yeah. I Don't think it really matters if Tom Brady's good or Not. Mm. Alright. So just to answer your question, the theme song is returning? Yes. Yes. Michael Jordan is joined as a special commentator. I don't know if that means he's gonna be sitting on the panel the entire time. This thing's gonna do occasional Special means he gonna pop in just to say niggas his ass. Yeah. That's All I'm gonna take and go back home every week. And the other commentators every, which I think this will be fired. The other commentators are Jamal Crawford, Carmelo Anthony, Reggie Miller. Reggie's a pro.


That's great. Gie Jamal is. Jamal is, I think Jamal is great. Very good. Jamal has gotten very good as of Late. And I'm excited to see Carmel. I I Don know about the other two. I don't think, I'm not the biggest Reggie commentating from Reggie's. Cool. He need to be paired up with somebody. Yeah, but I, I think He's good for color. I don't see the comedy. Yeah, I was gonna say the, where's the personality in there? Like who's car gonna shoot up? Carello. I mean, well sorry, not that. Who's gonna shoot off at the mouth? Ello. Hopefully. Melo. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And we got Mike. That's to be determined. I'm tell you, I think Mike gonna disappoint y'all. I hope not. I think it's gonna be like the Bobcats all over again. Yeah, maybe. So the Bobcats, A study shows that K is the most emotionally triggering text you can send a person.


That's a fact. No It's not. You got something else? Yeah, We need to talk. Oh, Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's the one. That's the One. You feel that shit in your Definitely for y'all spine. That's not worse than K but KK triggers a different emotion. That's not worse. What's A different emotion? What do K do to Y'all? K is so fucking dismissive. Yep. K is a lot of things. It is a lot of things. It's a lot. But it, I think that dismissive is extremely high on the list. Like imagine you wrote an entire text to somebody and it's like, you know, well thought out and whatever and they just hit you back with K. Not even just K period. Oh see I hate the thumbs up in that when I get that same Shit. It's they, they, It is synonymous. They, The Thumbs up is meant to do the same Now K is meant to do.


They both Synonymous. You couldn't do that before. Like I dig. So that's like the new version of it. See I be writing K all the time. I don't be meaning shit. Nah. I just been piss the motherfuckers off. Yeah. Basically We Just talking and I think it depends on what it's in response too. But yeah, K is some bullshit. Know they write you one of them books. So my wife writes, I miss you and I write K Bro, you don't do that. Joking, joking. I'm just joking. I wouldn't do that. There's no point in the day that a K is okay. No, really not. I'm Downstairs. No point in the day. They You with the Y outside K. Yeah, That's how I If you could text K on the text. Okay. No, no It is. Yo, I'm outside K, I'm one of your little friends in the street dog.


Yes you are. What if, what if it's Ish? What if it's Ish? He is one of your little friends in the street. It Is a man. Whoa, whoa, whoa. You know what I mean? I'm Little me, You know what I mean? You know what I mean? So if like, you know Ish says I'm down sugar. Yeah he little homie. He's Smaller Now. He's smaller now. Yeah. You might be a little homie now just 'cause you lost some weight. But anyway, he shouldn't be saying K to me. No man should be saying K to me. See I think it sounds less macho for sure. Like, hey sounds like a bitch. That's another Well you don't use that word. Sorry. Right. But but I'm just saying like that that that's why I don't use K. Like if you sent me a note I would be like K not 'cause it feels like I'm in this or nothing. Just 'cause it feels like I shouldn't be saying that to you. It feels like something your lady should be saying to you.


But it don't trigger me. My girl know better to say k yo. If she say K to me, that's just a way of letting me know that it's, it's on. Yeah it's up. Oh shit. Alright K. Cool. That thumbs up shit. And a, a good morning or something with, with no emojis. Just on some dry. Good morning yo. Morning Gm. Who the Fuck are you talking to? Morning. So, but yeah, good morning that come with emojis Better. I'm big on how you smiley fans big. I'm big on how you start, how we start the day. That nigga's just crazy. You can't start my day with no bullshit too. That's too dramatic. So what do you want? You want like good morning with like a sunflowers baby. Something. So something warm. Y'all something.


Something that speaks to the quality of this relationship. Put some Sugar on it. Yeah. Good morning. It Is good. Good morning King Gabe. My king, my love, my earth, my all my everything. My oxygen. Some emoji Using for living. Watch your mouth. Watch your mouth. Yeah. I'm Just, you send all that shit out the niggas. Who the fuck am I saying? Am I saying that shit to right now? When you're In a relationship you saying that I am so ridiculously affectionate. I'm such a kitten. Yep, yep. My king, my oxygen, my reason for living. Yes. Absolutely. You Did that for homeboy birthday last week. Like It is my king.


I mean he has someone though Happy Birthday to my king. I my love, my everything. I should think I just said, you know Mia Moore, they gonna shit like that. You said Mia Moore eh, They gonna catch up. Look, eh, she Just affectionate. She shows a lot of Love. The kitten is Showing pause. Oh that's, that's Going real crazy. You get involved in a lawsuit each time. Wild. Now this the kitty is showing. The kitten showing. Okay. Okay Nigga, I don't play that case shit. Nah, we need to talk. It is still the worst. Yeah. That's a different Level of stress. It's not worst. That shit makes my heart beat fast. Yeah. I don't want to. Yeah. Makes me wanna not talk.


Yeah, Just text me what you gotta say because it ain't never nothing good. Never full Of them. Yeah. You don't see the memes. Nigga be watering the grass. His girl be like, yo, we need to talk next scene. That nigga be up here with the water up head and he's still nigga in the swimming pool. Right. He ain't stump. Wanna talk? I'm good. Fuck that. No, we need to talk. We'll give you the straight bgs. Yeah, for sure. I don't know if it has the same effect on us. What you mean? Because we don't never want to talk niggas don't say It's Never happened before. So what kind of text can a dude send you that would get you anxious?


No. Other than silence. No, It is funny. No, It is funny. You gotta, you gotta leave Silence. Get your, get your hat girl. It's been four days. Get your shit. Get your shit. Get your hat in the coat. Uber's outside and leave. Let talk shit. Uber's outside. That's funny. No silence that. That's what gives me anxiety. Oh Like when you send something you get nothing. Yeah. Yeah. Something like that. How Long? It depends. Depends if there was like a flow of conversation going. It just, it depends 'cause I understand people are busy and you can't, I don't expect like to Do you believe in giving space mail?


Hear the annoying. Leave her alone. Stop it. I'm just asking you how long. It don't matter if we sitting listening, she just Annoying. Listen, you Know what, we don't matter if we hear that. Here's, here's the thing is, I am so easy breezy, beautiful cover girl. When I'm like in a relationship, I don't stress you out. I am not like just on you all the time where I need constant attention and constant this and constant that. That's that. That's not me. I'm busy. So you believe in I'm busy. So what were You about to say about understanding how someone else is busy? But I understand that you know that you're busy. You know, so it's just like I'm not expecting like an immediate response. Maybe if there's some emergency kind of like, you know, aspect to the text. But other than that, like go go on about your day. But if I don dunno, I text you in the morning and I don't hear from you till like seven o'clock.


I'm like, yo, what the Fuck? That Is a lot. Thank you. And then also Four hours Also also in the dating. This is, this is a conversation that's come up online. No Ma'am. What happened ma'am Is when you have expressed two people have expressed interest in each other and their synergy and whatever else. What is the expectation of communicating every single day? Synergy Too. Bitches. Be mis Synergy. That's a drink. Rap bull cousin. Yeah. Fuck you talking about. What are the expectations as far as speaking every day? Yeah. Yes, you should. I've never been interested where we at in here in somebody.


I and I ain't talk to 'em every day. That's my, that is exactly, that is exactly my thinking. And that's what I judge whether or not I'm continuing Mark. But do you don't don't listen to Mark. Yeah, don't listen to Mark. Mark. I'm going listen To Mark. Don't listen to Mark. Do you believe I am Because I, because he's sensible. And that makes sense to me. Okay. Hold fuck on. Easy. What? Stop it. Do you believe in giving space? Do you believe in that? Why Do you need space in the beginning? Like, you know, when we're starting to talk, why can you need space for That's What you need. The space, need time out. Talk by other women. First of all, do, Why do you need space when we just starting to talk? But then on the other hand, you said, yo let go Ish. I don't really need the communication like that. I know niggas is Busy. No space is different than When We first start talking.


Well, Okay, okay. I, I basically, I said that we have started talking, there's synergy established. You like me. I like you. I don't get the gaps. Do you text? I don't fucking get it. If you like somebody, I'm Not talk, I'm not talking about like day one, day two, day three, six. Come on. I talking about like, no, Y'all been on some dates. Y'all starting to kick it. Yeah, You're kicking it. But are you, hey you're, you're Probably like I at least send you a hello. I might not wanna talk all day. I have a whole conversation, but I'll probably send you something. Let's go, let's go. I ain't never went 48 hours. We're Talking pre-ex or postex. And how many yo hos you got? Well I said We yo, Y'all think It is be up here? Cool Shit bro. Alright. You don't Yet. No, but here's the thing is I just Like you. No, but Here's The thing. If we like each other, you don't, how often do you talk to somebody?


If you, if y'all like each other, y'all talk. But if I just like you, I also like her and her and her. Yeah. See here's the thing you Can like get yet you say synergy. I thought you meant like that's kind of becoming your I got synergies. You can send more than one text in a day. I Know. Yeah. But she a little bit more entertaining right now. Maybe. Maybe I'm maybe And enough that you can't even say nothing. Oh no. Hold on, hold on. Y'all that shit off. Please. Maybe I'm just speaking from the perspective of somebody who is looking for some level of like, maturity. You know what I'm saying? And, and somebody, Sorry. No Play. No play it. And somebody who's, who is actually looking for something you, if that's not what you're looking for, cool.


No problem. But I'm looking to build upon, you know, You Dating with intention. I'm dating ex. Thank you ma'am. Thank you very much. Question. I'm dating with intention. And if I do not get the feeling that you are there, by all means go with God. Don't let the door hit you on the fucking way out. Here we Go. Ma'am. Are you, so When do you express that to them? When I start to see, when I start to see a pattern and pattern show up very, very quickly. I will assess it very quickly. And I I will, I mean I'm, when you express to them, Hey, I'm dating with a teacher. Thank you. Thank you man. Please. God damn what? Not you. I'm just niggas just What? No, no, No, no. Where's the frustration? I'm not fucking Mr. Married man of 17 years who has not been in dating game whatsoever.


No, I'm, you got me. I know I did. I know I fucking did. And you did the second time. You distracted me. But I, but I'm saying I got you. You, you, I'm protecting you from yourself. I was asking you. Thank you. Are you a back to back texter? Meaning like, do you respond instantly with a nigga text? 'cause that can be an issue. No, I mean, it, it depends. Wait, that's an issue. Yes. It depends. If we're having a conversation, like on text, girl, I, If we're having a conversation on text and whatever he said or I said warrants a response instantly, then yes. But then not, not always. You guys, We did it. We did it. We did it. We Did it. Oh, we can continue on Patreon. We Did it. Yeah. Okay.


Or later. But let's give it a little Breath room. Yeah. Just let it breathe for a little bit. Let check the temperature of the room. Okay. Fucking, so the puff trial is still going on. We talked about it earlier, but I want to just make it very clear that I am not an expert on any of the charges. I'm not a legal expert. I don't know nothing about, You know what I mean? Don't take my word as fact. I don't know exactly what sex trafficking is. I feel like that should be described at Some point. Defined. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I, I I mean I have a definition of sex trafficking from, it's the Office of Victims of Crime. It's government office. They, they break it down in regular English.


Is it different in the feds as It is in, in state? I, I don't know, but Got it. He's a fed It is a fed case. Anyway, Sorry. Go. Because most sex trafficking is, is federal, state. Okay. Federal definition of sex trafficking. The recruitment harboring transportation provision or obtaining of a person for the purposes of commercial sex act in which the commercial sex Act is induced by force fraud or coercion in which the person, or excuse me, or in which the person induced is under 18. Okay. So I'm wrong earlier when I say that they have an addressed sex trafficking, then, because everything that in Cassie's testimony by that definition describes sex trafficking.


They break this down. If they brought somebody in, if they flew what the girls are saying, flew in, got Flew in. No. If Cassie is saying, yo, I was here because I was afraid of you and this is what you made me do, then that falls under that. No. Well, well let me break It. They, they go a little bit further. Just take further please. So they break down the action. So recruiting proactively targeting an individual's vulnerabilities and or grooming. And then you get the child part or befriending a trial, a child with the intention to abuse using, supplying alcohol and or drugs to garner an intimate relationship or support an existing habit harboring isolation, confinement and or monitoring of another person's movement.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Transporting the unwanted movement and or arranging of travel of another person. Unwanted, unwanted, unwanted key word there. Providing the act of giving a person as a commodity to another person Oof obtain. That's where it gets treated. Yeah. A couple of these, a couple bro obtaining forcibly taking something from someone else, exchanging something for the ability to control another person. And then soliciting, offering something of value in exchange for sex such as housing, food, clothing, travel, et cetera. So record deals, those are, those are the actions. And I looked up Commercial Sex act.


Okay. And this is key Commercial Sex Act is defined as any sex act on account of which anything of value is given to or received by any person. So it breaks it down. Exchange of value. The definition emphasizes the exchange of something of value for the sex act. Distinguishing it from a non-commercial sexual activity. So if I pay you for some, if I buy you some shoes, if I take you shopping, if I take you to the mall and buy you some a Bag, if it's in exchange for, for, That's an exchange. In exchange for, that's what the same is like, that's not tricking. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's That's the distinction. That's the nuance. It's not recording. It's not that, that's trick.


That is tricking You be tricking in the slang. Basically. If I, if I'm, if I, if I take a girl, we go to dinner, we have sex know, and then I buy a pair shoes the next day. That's not a commercial sex. No. But if I give her sex for the shoes, if I buy You some shoes for the sex, yes. Then, but then that's a gray area. Like, yo, I, I was doing this just 'cause This is all the shit that they gonna prove in this case. And that's, but that's done a lot though. Yeah. Yeah. What that's, I'm just saying that That's Yeah, It is done a lot. Yeah. But I think They're highlighting the consistency of the act. Remember he's not being charged for the commercial sex act. It's the combination of having a commercial sex act. It, it, it's, it's coercion force or fraud to put somebody into a commercial sex act. So it's not enough to say, I understand. Saying I'm fucking you For shoes. Saying, well, this is where also, so they break down forced fraud and coercion, force, physical assault, sexual assault, isolation and or confinement of another person.


Fraud. False employment offers marriages, lying about work situation. You Read the Jail withholding wages and or taking legal documentation, coercion, threats of violence, threats of arrest slash deportation, debt bondage and or withholding legal documentation. A lot of that shit is based on the, the immigration shit. 'cause you know, they'll promise their papers, they'll do all of that shit. So that's where a lot of that goes because there, There's a big, you talking about law and order, like that's, that's a big thing that would happen on all episodes where the girls would get shipped over or, you know, you, You think it to the United States to, you gotta work it Off Big guest worker or do childcare put put Yeah. Or a rub tug.


Right. And, and those kinds of things. So it's a lot to prove in this case It Is a lot of the stuff that I'm hearing, like I, well I'm reading the transcript of Cassie's, the a USA, a couple of these things could apply more than a couple. I think a lot of It is open to interpretation and that's where the jury selection is gonna matter a a lot. Well, I have a question. So I just check the definition about coercion, which is with force or threats. Right. But persuasion, this persuasion and illegal persuasion. Somebody, because persuasion still implies that a person's making their own choice Got it. Coercion when you're forcing their hand, You know what I mean?


And in this case, forcing their hand to make them do something that's already illegal, which is the commercial sex act. Right. So it's a, it's a bunch of things happening at once. Got it. Yeah. And, and I don't, again, there needs to be a lot more evidence shown to make that case. But it seems like the fed, they're setting the stage. Yeah. They're setting the stage for it. And the framework, the legal framework seems to be there for, for a potential case. But again, we'll, we'll see what happens. I, I'm, this is gonna be the hardest one for him to beat to me. Did you guys make anything of the daughters leaving, leaving the courtroom as the escort was testifying? No. No. That seems like decency probably. That Seems Yeah, that was decent. I thought that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Taking the kid, taking took the daughters out And as, as the person that I never just saying, oh damn.


I mean they, they make some valid points. I never thought I'd say it, but Boosie's, his comments on this have surfaced again. And a lot of people are like, I, I get what he's saying. Comments from the past. It's right after Puff was arrested. Okay. And, and it's, it's making this rounds again. Yeah. He said, I feel Diddy's in jail for basically doing whatever other famous entertainer has done flu chicks out for threesomes. He's just freakier. We actually go call, we actually going to call women prostitutes who fly in willingly to be with they partners for sex. If that's the case, if you've been out and had sex, you should be labeled a prostitute.


If that's the case, then 80% of the women reading this and trafficking, hell no. If you're a celebrity, you gotta fly pussy in. How else are you gonna get the pussy? You're never in one place. Now, when I saw that video, I was pissed off at this nigga. Like he really got a problem. But facing life in prison for basically doing what so many other entertainers has done and Okay. Well It is, It is that gray area again, I don't think it's that gray. I don't me either. It's, it's What's what He made. I mean, some of that in there is okay. I think he made it a little more broad than what seems to be, what's Happening On tribe.


What's happening. Exactly. Which, when you make it broad like that, it seems like, yeah, he's right. But if you're talking about actually coercing people, coercing people and persuading people with pressure, that's a different conversation than just flying. Willing for And shit irrelevant. If you, if you flying a prostitute from Cleveland to New Jersey, yes, prostitution is illegal. But you as the nigga that's paying for it, you not telling. And she, as the person that's prostituting, ain't telling. Yes. There's nothing that's happening there. Not condoning it, not saying it's right. I am Very, I don't see anything's wrong with it. What prostitution's against the law.


Yeah. Sometimes the law's wrong. I don't think anything wrong with it. Yeah, I'm just saying, I'm just registering. I don't think, I think that's part of what we gotta That's my stance too. But every time I say that on the pod, these niggas think that I'm fucking escorts every week. So I'm trying to just, Oh yeah. Clean my energy. Fair enough, fair enough. You they not gonna ever say Mark fucking escorts. I do not do That. And I don't know why they wouldn't say that. Because I don't. Because I don't. Oh, neither do I. There you go. Fair. So, yeah. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with that. And that's, that's the problem. But to Ish's point, if you have a certain moral sort of makeup and you think that that's wrong, then you may sit in that jury box and say, just 'cause he's fucking prostitutes. He's already a bad person. And let me be clear, puff is a bad person.


Absolutely. He's a piece of shit. But not because of that. I think that's very different than you ordering a prostitute and then beating her ass and then Exactly. Taking her shopping and then saying, I'm your man. And then handcuffing her to the bed and then following her to another state and then black Balling her, making her, and They saying, you can't put your album out. And then like, that's Very, very different. It Is very, very different. Very different. They asked her about her albums. It was like she signed a 10 album deal. She put one album out and she's like, I I got, I mean, that should been the first sign. Yeah. I can't do that. I got a deal. I got, that's where my deal is. So I've never able to put more music out. Yeah. Anything else was leaked. Music mix, tape stuff. But, and even that could be a form of equation spoke about.


Right. For Me, anytime Bootsy talk, I normally disagree With him. I I, This was the least out thing he said. And it was, and again, in fairness to Bootsy, which I never thought I'd say that, that that interpretation was based on the information we had at the time. Right. But now that we're getting more information, it's like, oh wait, okay. It is more than that. It is more than that. And the more information we get, the more we realize it's not what Boosty thinks It is. Well, he described he's right, but that what he's describing ain't what's Happening. That's not this. Yeah. Well It's not fully describing it. Yes. And omission sometimes is It changed everything. It changes everything. So he got two counts. Does anybody know who the unnamed individual is yet? The Jane Doe? Just the Jane Doe. No. And I was just reading, it was like around 11 o'clock, 12 o'clock at night.


They submitted paperwork to allow the Jane Doe to actually testified under an alias. So then she's not gonna say her name even on the stand. Wow. Just so y'all know, on a different note, smokey Robinson has broken his silence. Oh, I know. Everyone's been waiting with faded breaths. What did he say? Please, Son? What Smokey said. I I, I'm appalled. I I can't speak about this right now. Why are you stuttering? My nigga can't Sound like smokey. That's how we sound. I sound that 85-year-old nigga Detroit sound when catch he Wrote the stutters in the, In the, I read the transcript. I'm appalled, I'm appalled. I can't speak about this right now. And then this was, he did an interview with a daily mail about the, the Daily Mail.


Yes. Christ. And after that they, they, they reported that he started mumbling incoherently. See that's what I get for fucking, he's five and then hung up. So I think one, he could be incoherent. I don't think it's fear to call 85 year olds. Incoherent. You've talked about if They're incoherent. Not all of 'em. Not all of them. But he might have been. Not all of 'em. But my mom cooked is 86 and at least, I mean, she's quite incoherent. Why You Right. Over time She send me birthday money at least once a month, bro.


Man, I'm killing off that shit. I've got thousands this year, mark. Shit. Shit. Yo, mom, What the fuck? And they gonna hate on Frazier getting this shit off my mom. Let all of them niggas Need to put hands on you. Mark, what's wrong with You man, look, I look, I'm just, anyway, Don't, it's mama love, man. I praise you. Get some of that, that lick you. Speaking. Speaking about moms, y'all want to talk Jayden Daniels moms? Oh yeah. Jayden Daniels moms did The Pivot. Shout to Ryan Clark, friend of the show for sure. And she expressed her position in cock blocking or just always being seen with her son while he trying to get his one two on.


A lot of people were anxiously awaiting to hear her side of things. And I love when podcasters go get the obscure interview that, you know, we wanted to know this, but we wasn't gonna try to interview Jayden Daniel's mom. Alright, here we go, Ryan. Protecting Jayden from The wrong Woman. Get in your bed, Ryan. So first and foremost, I have a meme out there and it's, it's funny. So I can, I can't laugh, I can only laugh about it. But the whole girls comment was made, first of all tears, years when he was A LSU. And it was, it, it was an, it was a question asked like, what is your biggest fear? And that should be every parent's biggest fear. That should be, if you're a star athlete and you're a female at WNBA, that should be your biggest fear is you know, the men or you know the women because you're a public figure and you know, your dollar amount is associated with your name.


So you never know who really is there for you and who's really against you. Okay. And our thing is, is like I want Jayden to date, I don't want everybody to say I'm putting it on record. My son can date, he can live freely, makes his own decisions. However, the relationship we have, he does value my opinion because, you know, when my kids were little, I did a lot for them. So, and my kids saw that. My father, my background, I worked too hard to allow anybody at any moment to come in and just, you know, take it away. So I have a, a view of a, what I feel a good person is and you know, but my son is 24 and he does have to go through things and he has to learn on his own.


And you know, he's a great kid and I'm thankful for him. He's, you know, not like some of these other guys. You know, he's really to himself. He's a homebody. He just really is. He's really, She's you, she still is loves Sports. Like he really is. Holy shit. So I'm trying to work on his afterlife after sports because at some point it does end. And I don't want him to just be like, now what do I do? So I want to keep him involved in the world and, you know, have open up a lot of doors. Like we're shut up, I'm in charge of foundations, you know, I'm, there's all, we're trying to build facilities and you know, back in his hometown that are gonna help the youth and things like that. So that's what I'm in charge of on top of this everyday business.


The boy moms give Her some Moms, she's not a Celebrity, she doesn't talk in sound bites books, how we're positioning him and you know, all this other stuff. So it's not just about you guys seeing me out and thinking we're just like party banging party. I mean Okay, Give her, give her some grace. She doesn't have media training so she doesn't talk in sound bites. It was a little long-winded, but she was trying to make a point. Yeah. And she made it maybe not the most succinctly way, but we, we got the point. Did we not, what's The point? I didn't get the point did. She's trying, she's she's, we did not, she's trying to protect her son from gold digging hussies. That's the fucking Point. She's making it about, she's making it about herself.


So the same Every mom Says in history. Yeah. If she's making it about herself, I mean it's good to protect your son, but when you start to say that I work so hard to avoid anyone, I work too hard to prevent anyone from taking it from me. Like it's not yours. It's his number one. Number two, yes, a lot of parents do sacrifice a lot in order for you to become successful. Whether It is work hard to pay a lot of money, Job, job, sacrifice, Sacrifice. But at the same time, parents like that, no disrespect to her, they make it about themselves a lot about what they want for the child. And when you reach a certain age, that causes a lot of friction contention. And later on, if a girl do come along, they're going to exile you out of the situation.


So let me ask you guys. And then when they exile, you gonna be over there, somebody 10 bucks, two stressed out wondering, what did I do wrong? Instead of just giving 'em the space. Sometimes we can't protect our children from life Mark. We can't, we we like sometimes you gotta let them bump they head. I get it a little bit. Be there, yo, hey chill. But sometimes you have to, it's a give and take relationship. It should be. So let me ask you guys this. Yeah, but let me, I wanna ask you guys this, 'cause you know, as having children, I understand man. Do you feel like your sacrifice deserves, you know, to be rewarded? No. Yes. I don't. Yes. N no, not me. I would think, I feel like you sacrifice for your children in order for them to be better than you.


Good. There's the reward would be to whom? Yeah. Okay. So I I don't know their circumstances I'm saying exactly. I know, I know. So I'm just drawing off of what I perceive from what she was saying. And it seems like she was saying that she worked very, very hard to provide for this young man to provide opportunities for him to get to this stage in his life where he is a professional football. Football, a professional football player. Yes. Yes ma'am. You know, so that takes, that's an, that's an enormous amount of circumstances and choices that she had to make. And so now he's here to where he can now provide, he can probably be the provider for the family and she's trying to protect him from life experience.


He may not have. And now that he's in the league, he's gonna get a whole lot of things thrown at him that he might not be prepared for. My question was reward for whom? For her or for him? The family. Yes. Then I think it's wrong. I think that as a parent, the sacrifices that you make should be for your child to live a great life. The best possible. But I don't necessarily think that you should be doing those things so that they could, you could reap that necessarily. That is the reward. That is, that should be your child living a great life or being a, a productive member of society. She's his agent or whatever case may be.


Yeah. She's his agent also that That's the reward. Oh well if she's his agent as well, then she's doing double duty and trying to like, you know, protect, protect his his his wealth and and future earnings I think. And the other side to that, yo, you said sometimes you gotta let your kids bump their heads and stuff. Some of them at the level he had them head the wrong head bump. Exactly. That's changes your entire life. I understand, but it's hard. It ain't just a head bump. It is, it's it's still hard because at some point you're gonna have to let go of the reigns. So I think that she not gonna be there forever and you mess around and get one of them snipers that we talk about that know how to just lay in the cut bruh.


And they'll and they'll have him blocking his mom like from speaking to her. I think that you gotta kind of let, I think from, from, from, from living with your mother to living on your own is a transition. And I think that that transition comes via college. That's why I'm an advocate of college sometimes for the social piece more so the growing up part. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that as, as his mom and as his agent, it might be overkill. Like, yo, have you seen me out? And I'm with my mom 24 7. Eh? Well the the i the shaky ground is that for me anyway, is that if you're trying to protect him to be a beneficiary of yourself, aren't you just now becoming the person that you're trying to protect him from in a different sort of way?


Are you cooking? No, Not, but that's why I asked you are you see I feel differently than male about You. Right. Not the male but with male ass was, you know, do you deserve part of it? I think the difference is the outsider doesn't deserve part of this. I actually think the parent does deserve part of it. That's not, I I couldn't disagree more with that. What? That the parent deserves something. What does the Parent deserve? Yeah. I I don't see no deserving in there. Yeah. If if deserve, if, if you are a single mom and you raise or father and you raise your kid the whole life and you go on to pop water, you doing the weight training, you taking around the country, you doing a a u and they go pro and make a hundred million dollars. I'm not saying I would ask for it, but I do think I deserve it. You don't think you deserve any of that. So what happens if you do all that and they become an accountant?


Oh You, I think they des I think I deserve, I think I deserve the same thing which is that they should do the best for me that they can. Now if you're an accountant then best be think might be a Father's Day gift. But if you've got a hundred million dollars, the best you could do for me is a little bit more I think. I think that you Get what you raised. Yeah. I think if you raised, I think you get what you raised I think. I think if you raised your child Individual A certain way then Gotta even think about that Then when they hit the lick, you just taking care of Yeah, I'm not speaking for them 'cause I don't know their situation. But you don't have to. I also think there's only but so far your parent can take you professionally. I subscribe to that. I think that's generally true.


Yeah. He's one of the best quarterbacks in the world now. Mom, you did your job. Hey you want to even negotiate the next contract. Cool. But there's something to be said for the parent being, if you want to be on that, the i in the sky or the eye that's watching from afar, we consistently see her as the mother and the agent. Two roles that we not used to seeing as much as we keep seeing her. So I Seen recently, Lemme see we meet momager, we seen it with Lamar. We see a lot with seen mobile artists too. Actors and actresses, a lot of the dance moms and managers, things like that. But They're behind the scenes though. Not necessarily A lot of that shit goes awry. That's A good example.


And a lot of them can only get you to a certain point. I mean Matthew knows gotta You. Right. And then he didn't, you own some Professional. That's that's kind to the point. Yeah he did. He did all you could do and now you hand your child to Quincy or a professional now Somebody that has To take your child with it. Those have experiences Still cultivate the talent and not just be the parent that's babysitting. This is, y'all are bringing up all these instances where we may see this. I've never seen it. One and two, this instances different 'cause we keep seeing her in what we deem to be dating scenarios. Yeah. This Is the regular shit. This is not just a parent with their kid Chilling. This Is ain't shit another telling agent shit. It is just like another telling point shadow.


She said You chaperoning, you shadowing. I think I know. And if he Like it, I Love it. Right. But You know, so, oh, go ahead. You said I think I know a good person when I see him. Like that's your discernment. You might look at somebody and be like, yo, I think this young girl is a hussy and the girl could be the farthest thing from, or vice versa. You might look and say, yo, this, I think this young girl is the model individual. And that young girl could have all negative intentions. Like, but It is, It is his life. He might want the hussy and she a Hussy and he might want his mama there step by step with him. True. It Is looking like that though. He may like, I, I feel like if he didn't want her around all the time, like why would he have, why would he have appointed her as his agent, as his, as his agent And then also Not necessarily wait a year.


He might not know life. No life outside of that He don't know different. This, You don't Even know any better. This is, this is a, this is a question 'cause I don't know as a sports agent, don't you have to have some kind of licensure? Licensure, you know? Yeah, But So was she an agent before this But a manager you don't? Yes and no. So. Okay. Because I didn know some people let attorneys represent them in all like contractual shit. Yeah. Yeah. But they're still licensure. Yeah. But you're still an attorney. I'm just asking, you said like You can't just do it as the mom, as an agent. You can be a manager and make a deal though. Let see. Has a company with the lawyer she Yeah, yeah. Associated with a lawyer. You gotta get a license. You gotta get a license. Yeah. So you said That's what I'm saying. So, I mean, I don't, my, my thing is I don't think the mom is the best choice either. And I think that separating from your mom as you become an adult is a good thing.


Well, she's an NFL PA certified agent. Oh, well then that, that is, yeah. She has a, a master's degree in hospital administration and another one in entrepreneurial business. Okay. So she did the work to become an agent. So, I mean that's, that's important. That, that counts. That does count. You know, that's very important. It does. So you know that that helps Way I think the professional relationship should be separate than the social. Yeah, I was gonna say. But it doesn't negate the point. Right. Which is, I think they should be separate for, for his own growth and development. True. Because I think a mom has an interest in what the, I mean for some of us, no woman is good enough for our mom or no dude is good enough for our dads or whatever. Right. A manager has a particular interest or age has a particular interest in protecting your interests. Right. Financially. 'cause you want the biggest check possible as a mom.


You may have a different interest and some, sometimes those things compete. And she said it, she said, yo, your social credit score affects your brand and affects your bag. She said that and what she was saying, I think as a mom, yo, I'm, I'm gonna speak for myself. Yeah, go ahead fam. Some of the bad relationships that I may have had I learned from those relationships and they have me to be the individual that I am today. For sure. So if I didn't go through those hurdles or I didn't go through that shit right there, where again you crying and you going through it and all that shit, you might not be the individual that you are today. Your mother can't protect you from adversity, fan adversity, Bill's character. The only thing I would add to that though is I was gonna clap It up for that. Oh, go ahead. No, no, no, no.


But just, just a agency. If, if you are a big star actor, football player, whatever, and you outside there and people that don't earn a good look, your agency's also gonna try to shut that. They'll tell you that too. And they also gonna sit between you and a Girl. You think they're not telling Anthony Edwards, yo my nigga, you gotta chill the fuck out. I'm about say some niggas don't. You think they're not telling him That? Yeah. I'm just saying I don wanna make some the and shit that other agents might just don't Do. I'm not saying, but your mother, You just can't stop her to same, Have the influence like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. You can't pick and choose. So you date the agency might give you advice. Yo dog, you out here wild and you bugging the fuck out. Right. You are affecting your brand. You are affecting your bag. Well the other thing, an agency might have experience with these same women in a different level than the mom might. You know what I mean? Like what she was, he was, she was just dating such and such from the jazz.


I'm sure Rich, I'm Not over that. All of the y'all means I met Over that point that you made earlier. There's a word for when the mom is acting like your girl. There's a word for that. There's a word for when your mom may not have a boyfriend or somebody in her life and it's a little slow. And now she just on your body and she can't take the separation from a child that she's been with all the time or this, this, that I sacrifice my social life. I sacrificed my dating life and all of that shit to make sure that you did walked the straight and narrow. A lot of parents did. That Seems kind of like eatable, right? Like the eatable Is complex kind of thing. Ed, ed, ed. But like reverse sort of. It is different Though. See, Ryan Clark kept letting her talk like with uninterrupted, and I think she was giving herself away in terms of talking about her son as strictly an investment.


And we didn't hear enough about the, Hey, that's my son and he should get his own lived experience part and I'm always here for him, but he should go rock. Wait, I didn't, I didn't man. Was she trying to do talk as an agent? Was that the idea? Did she speaking as an agent as opposed to as a mom? I think she was combining the two. She was to she was toeing the line. She was supposed to talk like that. Mom. Are I get your point. It it, she said, yo, I'm, I'm, I I know good people when I see him. Huh? She was occupying both roles when she was speaking. The longer that she spoke, you can hear both her Playing both roles. The that you're today in your relationship. Right. If you didn't go through some of the tumultuous shit you've been through in past relationships, you wouldn't have the patience you have today. You wouldn't have the tolerance you have today.


Thanks. You wouldn't be the man that you are today if you didn't endure that other shit. My nigga deserve adversity Is definitely a teacher. Absolutely. For anybody know. So if you're trying to protect your kids from that fam as a boy, I can only speak for being yo, you getting punched in your face talk. You learn something from that. True. You fighting at three o'clock, my nigga, let's take it up on the hill in the grass. You learn some shit from that. All of those things, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. They, they, they, they their lessons that come along with those things. But some, some could argue the other side. Like if, and again, not speaking on their relationship, I don't know anything about it. But like a Jalen Green and Jay Drea. Hmm. You know, somebody say if, if there was a mom there to prevent that because that's, she could be looking at these type of shit.


I Was literally About the say the same thing says his mom ain't there. No, I'm talking about Jayden. Daniel's mom could be looking at those situations and saying like, yeah, heartbreak, all of that teaches you things. But I'm not about to let my child get groomed by somebody older who's looking at him as a lick because he's this all, this became all of this prevalent from the Juju thing. Right? Yeah. But even that before that, look, they don't gotta be 40. It's a bad for her. To me, they don't gotta be 40 years old to get you a lick. We know some of the snipers out here in they twenties and thirties. Correct. But this is my thing. I would rather my kids take bumps in they twenties than now when he 35 and he run into the, the Yami when he's 30, he run into the Yami.


Oh, say it for sure. That was, I mean, not Really. Didn't say nothing. Didn didn't say anything. She made faces made a little face to the 30-year-old hot. I know he a, you guys know the 20-year-old snipers? Hmm. Nothing. Nevermind. Why are you always trying to to paint? Paint that Picture. I am not trying to paint Any picture or make the faces that we can't see. Why are you always trying to paint that little nasty picture? I'm not trying to paint any picture. I'm not trying to paint any picture. We're we're basically saying she's Picasso girl. We're saying the same Thing. Michelangelo We're saying the same thing. She's trying to protect him from snipers in general. Got it. Not just older women in general. That's what she's trying to protect him from. Well When she finally let him loose, he ain't gonna have that ho that training ain't, here's the thing.


Ain't gonna have that training. And guess what he at during headlights and guess what he at DC And guess what they do out there? Never. Has he expressed anything about the criticism that she re she receives from being around him constantly? No. What he gonna say? Yeah. My mom's story still be bugging. I Haven't heard that. I mean I don know. Well, I mean like why So if he had a problem with it, wouldn't he have tried to? We wouldn't. No. No, we wouldn't know. We wouldn't, especially not, we're not gonna, you know how, you know he gets new denounce our mother Not denounce but just like not have her around as much. Like while he's in I what, from what I understand, the, it's not that she's around, she's also around in social situations where he could be, you know, like almost like chaperoning dates.


Jesus. Is she like heavily religious or something? Yes they are. They, well he appears to be. He always 'cause it could, you know like is it as Christianity bag sex before marriage and all Like it could be, she could be pushing a lot on him. Paul. Nah, he popped something in college. She might know that nigga Herb. That's the other thing. That's a good point. That's the other thing. She might, she might sign him an action be like, you know, nah, keep my eye on you. I got you kiddo. They going you yo, you can't listen. He like it. I Love it. Yeah, true. That that what's good for the goose. I'm looking forward to watching play this here. It's spinning the rinse in every washing machine. You gonna get spun sooner or later. I'd rather 'em get bling when they young.


That's true. Yeah. One day you gonna be sitting at a restaurant and Don Pool going Walk Melyssa Ford at the table. Now you got to make a decision. Mama or the Kenmore or Mama I'm be mama now. Which mama you want now? Now I'm your mama now. Ooh. Sold ground 200 million. You might burp 'em on your shoulder. Give me a little towel, put it right over there. I bet that's your problem. So got smokey in trouble. That's your problem. Got smokey. Right. And we don't never paint that picture of you like you do to us.


Yep. Oh know How you feel about them young boys. Yes. The fuck you do. Keep powers in them. I boots on careful. That's right. I'm your mama now. I always keep out. Isn't in his thirties Now, right? Shit. Shit. How old is Da Vinci? So you do who? DaVinci? 2029 I believe. Who? She Say Who is that? You knew that right off the coast. I said it DaVinci. DaVinci From BMF.


The dude that you said Melvin run Around with. I was not. I interviewed him. You just said last week I wish when somebody said Oh yeah I did. I mean you sent like you say something else. We'll read that text. You put in the group chat. Say something else. Stop talking about, I'll read that shit right now. I'm talking. I'll read fucking text you put in our, i'll in our work group chat. Yeah. I'll read this shit right now. You put this tag in our work group chat. Chat was saying when that nigga was on the box, I was trying to be helpful. I bet I was trying to be who was helping. To whom that's not what you said. You always helping. That's your, that's your problem now. You'd be helping anyway. And you put a dance the alternate helper. Yeah. Yeah. And you put a dancing emoji. Yo, I knew everybody's face when they looked at that text. I said what?


That was the fun part I was driving so I was lost. I was like, what is happening right now? Any, anyway. Anyhoo. Any, Any who? And she had the nerve saying, Nixon fob you is such a traitor. Fucking I nigga don't know what you was doing when you was texting. Yo. I do wanna take this time out to, to thank the Boston Celtics. Oh boy, what a run y'all have been on wondering. We were getting back to this. This is one of the, this is, this is one of my favorite collections of Celtics. You how back in the day you niggas was ultra white on y'all white boy. Shit. True. All these black people on the Celtics.


It's a shame that we broke this team up. It is a shame that we will never see this group of Celtics together again. Sound like triple H. You. You don't think they keep the nucleus? I think that next season. Well what's the nucleus? I think that Brown and Tatum stay, of course Derek White and Drew Derek White or Drew. I think Drew's expensive. Zenga or Horford is outta there I think. I think next, next year their payroll is at 600 million For new owners. For new owners. No, I don't think that that new owners are looking at that building. I think, I Think Drew's gone. I think they keep Derrick White. I think Drew's gone. And I think you, you e, even if you want to bring Herford back, you can bring him at at the veteran minimum.


I think all of them looked like fucking Bodega bread in front of the NBA clutch player of the year. Jalen Brunson. And I keep trying to get people to say his name with me but they won't. Every time I try to get these niggas to say his name is Jalen Brunson, they decide to say something else. Jalen is putting on an absolute clinic out there. Go Knicks Garden was on fire. Yeah. Nah, the Celtics, you had a good run G Spin. Don't feel bad. My brother don't feel bad. My ivory brother. It's over man. Sent them niggas packing in five games. Five of 'em.


Nobody thought it could happen anyway man. Yeah. So it's over next time. It's a good run. Celtics Nixon five gentlemen, gentlemen, sweet gentlemen. We gonna be gentlemen about it. We gonna be gentlemen about it. Even though the Knicks have not closed out a series on their home court and God knows how long. 25 years. So it would be great. Look at Flip knows how long so it would be great to do that in game six. But why play with 'em? Yeah, don't play with your, Hey we was kids, we played with our food. You know what I mean? I don't believe all that shit. That shit out whenever you finish, you finish your meal, finish the breakfast. It's more serious to come the fucking self. It is more serious, Real confident.


So Paul after this, who they played next most likely Indiana. The one Indiana looks like the I'm rooting for Indiana. That's Crazy. Whoever's next. Whoever, whoever want to jump on the plate, the dinner plate next. Hey, whether that be Cleveland ni hard, Tyrese, Halliburton and the light-skinned ninjas over, Hey whoever want to jump on this dinner plate next? It's all good. Nixon five also the second favorite to now win the NBA Champ championship right behind the Thunder Vegas odds. My brother, I don there. I don't work there my man. It is. I don't work there. My brother. He does Not. That's I didn Say thing. I'm just reporting to you what the Vegas odds is man.


It is cool man. Y'all gonna work out Austin Reeves contract and all that. He just signed. Y'all gonna work things out. He good? Y'all gonna bounce back. He good? I don. Y'all gonna bounce back. We'll be all right. We talking about to Eastern conference finalists right now though. Mute up. Not yet. Mute up for a minute. I mean we not talking about fucking first round exits. I don't even talk ba I Haven't been talking basketball. Good. Don't That's alright. Right. Don't you two Philly six and man mute up nigga say niggas mute up. Got nothing to say. Mute up. Ain't got nothing to say. What'd you do with the Sixers ball? Yeah It is behind you. I about to throw that shit in the Hudson. That fucking Sixers ball on Everyth threw that shit have a disrespect.


He flip snitched On me too. He's man, He snitched immediately. I was over there. I nigga was over there mumbling and shit like that. I didn't like it. Yeah. And left. Joe sold you out 10 seconds later. He did. He's a trader but you know. Hey I do it for the team. What team? Mine nigga Delph, you Know on Patreon. I'm gonna have a word with him on Shumpert. Hold on, hold on. Oh We on what type of word you have with jump? See that? Me and you about to end up having A word. I'm just asking you what type of word so I can be able and remove myself. Oh yeah, you gonna have to remove yourself. Nah, I can't. I can't do that. You gotta remove yourself. Can't talk to my man like that.


Not in front of me 'cause I won't let a nigga do that to you. Oh then remove yourself. Nah, I'm be here nigga. I wouldn't, what you guys say about my life? He's getting it based Off Of Iman Shumpert is getting it and I and I mean not say getting it like I'm somebody that ain't, that ain't what I'm trying to say. That's not what I'm trying To say. You have an opinion that you wanna express about the latest headline. I mean, which seems very foul. Yo yo, if you my people and you introduce me to somebody or you now have kids with somebody or that's your people, then I'm rolling with them just off the strength of you. The second that shit get awkward there when it's family shit, I still shut up because it's family stuff. Family shit is family shit.


But once shit start getting too goofy and I gotta read a headline saying that Aman Trumper wants Tiana Taylor arrested. I don't agree with that. That sounds crazy. No, this is my homegirl now. Yeah, I agree. This is somebody I care about on a deeper level than, than music. And as a dad I don't understand that. Somebody would have to explain that to me. Maybe I'm missing something as a, as a parent I've been in, I've been in some of the, I don get it. Some of the roughest co-parenting situations you could possibly be in. I never said I want her to go to jail and be in jail and then put my kids with nana or with grandma or let 'em come with me. What? That's wild.


Yeah. Yeah. That, that sounds crazy. And the headline came out on Mother's Day? Nah, I don fuck. It was nuts. It was nuts. You had it. What happened to it? No, That I got it. Iman Shumpert has filed a court motion asking for Tiana Taylor to be found in criminal contempt of court and send her to jail in documents obtained by Complex, A motion filed by Shumpert and his legal team demands that Taylor be found in contempt for violating the terms of their divorce. Claiming neither party could talk about the case. He's asking the court to find her a thousand dollars and throw her in jail for 20 days. No, that's crazy. According to him, Taylor willfully and Contemptuously exposed and broadcast specific provisions of the final judgment decree of divorce and related provisions, recklessly disregarding the financial circumstances, privacy, safety and securities of the parties and their minor children.


And he added that Taylor's violation of their deal caused him financial loss and damage to his reputation, both personal and professional. See now he gotta knock at the your dog. You have to knock, get the fuck off. Aman Shumpert has been outta the league for however many years. And that's not because of Tiana Taylor. To our knowledge, to my knowledge. Don't speaking for me. Like what the fuck is he talking about? It's nuts. Ahman. This ain't keeping it P dog. I ain't gonna hold you. Yeah, this ain't keeping it none of the letters. This is, I I hope it's not true. I hope it's not true. I hope they lying on somebody's name. You saying you want to see Tiana Taylor in jail?


I don't, I don't, I don't. What If she did cost him some money though? I'm just, I'm just for for the conversation. What if she did do something that cost him something? Can We go back to the beginning where she tried to keep the whole thing under wraps and he and his team is the one that Yeah, They didn't want, they didn't want everything filed under initials. You had to use the names. Exactly. So he's the one that broadcast to the world that their shit was fucking falling apart. So it's just, it's so ironic that this is exactly what he's trying to accuse her of doing. Like dog Niggas didn't know Tiana. No, she ain't with no internet games. That part too. She's Not ti Taylor is not with no anything. She's not That she Knows. And if you start playing internet games, yo dog niggas is niggas. So you know that, you know your partner buttons and and what's going steer them off of a cliff.


Yeah. So if you know that your wife don't play or your ex or whatever they are, don't play no internet games and you play 'em every chance you get. I don't respect it. I don't respect it. And after the terms came out or they split the divorce, niggas was like, Oh yeah, he got, he got he did. I like, yes. Niggas was big him up. Why would you wanna see Tiana Taylor in jail fresh off of the Met Gala? You know what, and and He wanted the cops to come to the Met Gala, get this. Nah, I know how It is when you see your ex shining nigga. I get it. But you cannot do That. I don't agree with that. Yeah, he can't do that. That shit Hurt. And I don't know if he got somebody in his ear to say this or his corny to say this, but this, this ain't it.


This ain't It. Is this hard? And she, she people that's usually private like that, they take a lot. They they take it hard when you try to do things like that, if you understand what I'm saying. It, it, it, it, it weighs on her because she moves smooth. She's not with none of that. She's not with putting the family out there. She's not outing him. She's not with trying to make him look a certain way. She just want things to move on. What's the word? Amicably. Yeah. But Not only that, they have children Too. They do have children and, and they have children also. For me, this is to, To me, I put you on my album. He's on Tiana Taylor's album. Rapping. Rapping. Yeah. I understand now. Who the fuck was looking for Iman Shumer rapping.


She was making calls. Yo, my, my Boo has a mix tape of some shit coming out the television show. I have to assume that that was off the strip of What are you doing? What are you doing dog? Him, him, Him leaving the show was on the strip of her too though. What that mean? What do you mean? No, the the the shot, they killed him off the show from some information that I've heard. I'm talking about their reality Joe. Oh, I'm Talking about the tv. The shy that he was on. I don't Was a character Shy. I'm just saying he was a character. I said what if she cost him some bread? He was a character on the Shy for a couple seasons. A continuous character. Yes, a continuous character.


And when the news came out about what they was starting to go through, you call it our irony if you want. He got killed off that season Again. Who is the one that put their business on Front Street? He only I want you, I want you, he only has his, himself, himself to thank for all this shit. He Opened the door. 'cause all of this would've stayed under wrap. Listen, He did. And who's to say that she didn't lose any fucking income because of all of like the bad press. I'm saying that I'm sure there was income loss when on both sides. When power couples or people that you de to be a power couple split, somebody's gonna lose some money. Somewhere's. I can't speak to the rumors that you're talking about 'cause I don't watch the shot. But I know when Aman killed Dancing With the Stars, they wasn't together and she was the biggest cheerleader publicly.


That's True. That's a fact. That Is when we actually shouted her out there. I I know. Hey, I'll do you one better. I'll take it a step further. Big freeze. When when freeze. No, seriously good. When the rumor came out that he was cheating, cheating and sleeping and sucking and fucking the first one to his defense Was her. Was her. Yeah. I'm not gonna get in between me and my best friend. We still Yeah, Yeah, yeah. How do you want that woman in jail locked up? It's crazy. Please, you can't make that make sense for me. No, stop. Hey niggas die to have a baby mama like that. Step Up solid for them. Solid. Solid. Even when we might not be the best. Solid. Solid. She rumors my name. Yo. That's my homie.


We not doing that. We friends. Y'all not going to divide us. I support him. Mind y'all business. What? Come on man. Stop playing. Stop playing tomorrow. Come on. That's all I got. I ain't wanna drag that. You didn't. I wanted to save the Patreon because I didn ain't wanna put it on the man and start getting phone call. But Fuck that. I I, that's how I feel about it. I, that's how I feel about it. If I see headline tomorrow and say one of money name I free. We want our baby mama. If you see something for me, they say Yo Joe Biden wanted his baby mom locked up. Somebody should check on me. It's a problem. Honestly I don't care what level We on. I ain't gonna never That's sick. Yeah. That that's sick. That is sick. That is sick. But you Just hit me with this. I got, I'm gonna get at you on Pat.


I Don't get at me nigga pick a side. Nah, You just told me 'cause you told me that you told me I'm down for, I'm down for the pick a side Olympics. Don't do that to me nigga. I'm in the pick a side Olympics and have zero problem picking a side. Especially when I love one person more than the other. So flip, she asked you to pick a side. She said what? He just said you can't be neutral in this situation. She said that he's hurt. He's doing some shit flip that's hurting me and you. If you care about him, you should call him and check on him because file is fo nigga you call me. Your sister file is fo nigga you need to check him and say that. And I called him and you know what I'm saying? And I told him and he just said the shit that you not reading some that shit ain't true. But that's just me being willfully obtuse.


I guess you wanna Believe the, you wanna believe the best about Your people. Yeah. I don't want to hear that. That shit hurt my heart just now you See that? I just saw that shit. You don't like that Fucked my world up because I've been, I know how strong she keeps it. She doesn't believe in that. She's not with all that. Like Joe said, she's a a wonderful person. She don't believe in blasting niggas. So for him to do that, that shit, that shit hurt me. That shit's fucked up. Now what I will say about Tiana, that little video she made saying I just want to get my black back blown out in peace. That probably didn't that that probably didn't massage the situation is all I'm gonna say. And that's it. Other than that, Tiana, I love you Ahman.


Come on dog. Come on dog. I don't have anything else. I don't have anything else that is important. Unimportant is you guys. I'm Nope. Why are you making that face? What happened? I'm Chilling. So why your footy about to fall off single? I'm Chilling nigga. Got the whole new balance of tire nigga nb NB socks get socks Ish. You lost a lot of weight. Let's set us, let's send you a package. See you could balance your life out. New balance. Look at you. You look good boy. I'm gonna get down to the bottom. You, you Missed me. There's a big Sean Abso Joey Badass Red Bull Freestyle rolling around.


It's six minutes long. I listened to Sean and a little bit of soul. I haven't heard the rest but from what I heard sounds like fire. They Saying Joey was firing on daylight and them right in front of ab. Ooh, Let's listen to it and talk about it on Patriot. Ooh, Think That was in the studio doing it together. Yeah it was like a, it's like a shot, a video, like a cipher type of Vibe. See and that's why I can't fall for rap beef because when Monster or Red Bull call with a check, you gonna stand next to the digger. But I do wanna hear it. Yeah, I Wanna hear it. I heard that going crazy. Damn. Could Joey bad ass rap better than ab? So No, no, No Disrespect. Respectfully. No. Alright, so on Patreon, we'll get to that.


There's a lot of good music out there right now. Yo, why are you looking at my computer? I'm not looking at your computer. Look, I'm not, why are you looking at my computer? I'm not looking at your computer. There is a lot of good music out there. Some of which y'all talk about on Patreon. Shout out to the Patronis. I'm gonna play a record that I have been playing since Friday since it dropped. I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie to y'all. First of all, I'm a sucker for anything that sounds like Prince with the Prince music and the background and the chords. But this Mariah scientist Burning Blue record. Mm, I heard it on Instagram. Yeah it hit, I heard it On the ground.


It's crazy. I almost really ain't played nothing else since this record dropped. Mariah Scientist burning, Burning Blue. Let's do it. Oh my God. Come on, stop playing with her. Stop playing with her. I don but don't.


Oh my God. Going some of that Prise shoulda done brand new S. That record is called Burning Blue Absolute. Joe Biden. This is crazy. The major league baseball has just reinstated Pete Rose and Shoeless Joe Jackson Fire. Fuck that. I mean Good. But fuck Trash Saved that Pete Rose should have been in.


So I'm that's Fire to me. Baseball Suck Monkey Balls. Why is it fire? They wait till he dead to do it. I mean why is that put fire? I'm just saying the fact that it's still done now he gets it's accolade and Hall of Fame, all that type of shit. Even though he is dead. So what not so what? But he's dead better late than never I guess so you'd rather just not do it at all. Leave it the way it was. He don't know it got done. I mean it was great for his family. Family baby. For his family and and his Then you are finally doing the right thing. Yeah, It is a shame that P Rose couldn't be alive to See that. And listen and I don still don't care what they say. Fix Barry Bonds. Indeed. Yeah. Fix Barry Bonds up. Do that.


I agree. You wanna do something Anyway, Rest in peace. Pete Rose. Yes. Rest in peace And congrats And congrats here. I'm gonna go to West Coast on this one. I've had this record for a couple weeks and I've been wanting to play it but this is, it's called Unsung Heroes by Snoop. He is dropping a new album called Is It a Crime And should be out this week, probably tomorrow. But the record called Unsung Heroes. It is been a long time. I shouldn't have left you without some hood shit to step to when you act nice, that's when they disrespect you.


Come sit down with your uncle. Let me say at you nephew. I mean I'll let you run Gang members lifting weights in the front yard. Life's a game of space. Better keep a Trump card. You ain't used to Hell's Kitchen. Get the hell out. Me and Dre at the so far the only way I sell out. Never. I know I say a lot of shit. Be patient, A lot of knee jerk reactions. False information. Fuck that. I'm at the house on the PlayStation dancing with these dead presidents to really not waste too many niggas playing with my reputation. Yeah, to step on our turf you need an invitation. No conversation. That's just how we live. First watch what's a flavor? Flavor clock. You know what time It is? Time's up 21 gun loop to my Yes sir.


This that West coast road that I invented. Some advice to my young niggas trying to get it. Don't never let rap beep affect your business school. Our hard knocks. We don't do that. Academics. Nah, that ain't a shot. You know how dogs get when the moon rock, moon ride Hood niggas still eating moon pie. Moon pie. Mama must've raised the fucking hell Razor. Keep that light up. Fluid. I'm a trailblazer. Yeah because he got that stick on. Triple OG focused on these zeroes. It is the perfect song for the Unsung Heroes there nigga to whack up my face. So the mirror struck a these arrows back Tyson Pharaoh shoot for the stars. You know who in charge I eat with the guards Jeff Row. I put my life in these ball. It's kind of hard to compare it from the fashion to the Larry.


You want to carry out God's plan, you gotta have a Kendrick spirit. Point blank. Period. Period. I know you hear Bang, bang Boogie say up, jump the boogie to the bang, bang Boogie say up. Jump the boogie now this shit is timeless Long Beach Find show me Mount ever my nigga. I'm trying to climb it. Bang, bang, boogie say up, jump the boogie up. Bang, bang Boogie say up. Jump the boogie. Now we keep shining all blue diamond. This place we're blindness. Next on behind this Nuff said all blo all red. And that record is Unsung Heroes again by Snoop off of upcoming album. Is it a crime? Why are you driving so many albums?


Independent. Independent now when you, same way a lot of these other niggas doing. I'm just, I could drop album every month. A lot of these independent casters getting them out there. I'm not gonna hit Billboard. I'm not gonna do a hundred thousand. What you mean he independent though? Snoop owns Death row. He own Def Row and Yeah but it's my label. Gotcha, gotcha. Independent. I gotta deal with Gamma and I'm just dropping. Gotcha. And whatever. I feel like he went back and got the East Sider dog Pound did a gospel album. Both of those albums. Yeah I'm gonna DC It is my man Ben Kenobi's from Short and Sweet. It's smoke.


Ain't no honor in this game no more since they killed Trayvon. This shit ain't been the same. No more sacrificial lamb ain. Open portals today. Ain't no more visit from the dam. See I don't even want the fame no more. Too many wicked man had to cross the burn. His sands fire in my hands like Shima in Japan. I can get as lethal as you can. Not too many. You understand the pressure it demands to match the evil of the Klan. I'm trying to free my fellow man. Just like Egypt. They tried lock us nigga in the Slam to the man named Moses Hard Seeds with a stab. It was brought back as Kenobi Part two niggas with the craft. And when the spirit taking over spark you niggas with the raf. My man hit my line. He said my nigga, what's the plan At first we need, they trust that mean we gotta build a brand.


What's that? Playing on the internet and posting on the gram. If the machine think we safe, they going to treat us like we fam. Nigga going spread us to the fans putting power in our hands. And then it's like the spook, we flip the switch on niggas fast spill militias in the trap just like move. Did we strap, yelling, move bitch we black this some new she attack Again. That has Ben Kenobe smoke off his project up in smoke. Which is fire. I'm going to TA Thomas. The song is called Devotion.


Devotion. It is your how deep I the hell fish As TA Thomas Devotion A bop Melyssa Ford?


Yes. Ah. Mine is called Wakanda by Anike. Before We play it though, did you hear what each played? It was fire. Did you have your headphones On? Dude, stop trying to fucking instigate shit. It was fire. I said it was fire. What? I'm just asking don't touch my food. Huh? Can I get a fry? Yes you can have a fry. You look at my dog. I'm taking four. You can take four. You can take five. Any who? What Conde What Conde Bite Kanye Freedom.


I'm gonna lead him to the one day three months. So send it. Steven wants that. I was willing in control. Wasn he I was bus that I don on butter, put on paint on me over Throw shade on me. The shade on me. Put the shade on.


Ain't gonna, I'm gonna rise to the ain't gonna start. I'm gonna rise to the ain't gonna stop. Yeah. I'm gonna rise to the top. Yeah. Ain't no stopping me. Ain't no blocking me. I gotta be me. I'm proud to be me. Yeah me. You know that's real. Women on just get started headed the queens.


It's Wde by ake. My apologies if I messed up any of that pronunciation. Nah, that was Bobby. Yeah, it was tough. Super Bobby. That was tough. Mark ain't got, I didn, I, I didn't have a sleeper. Oh Okay. He's been sleeping. Yeah, he's sleepy. Yeah. I told y'all around halfway through the day. So many missed PhD. Man. About five 30, yo. Man. Who you been hanging out with about that DaVinci nigga DaVinci got you playing some shit. Girl. That just that, that just can't be a song that I said My own Mel do.


Girl, you listen to you listen to Cher still. You listen to Sonny. Hey y'all Sunny as shit. Sonny girl Hot. Sonny got the new Slacks. Yeah. Yo, you stupid. Yo. I happen to find that one on my own. Thank you Man. Shout out to you man. That was fire. You can get your pound Dope. Great. Yo, if you listening from Boston, y'all club close at one. An idiot. Yo, you listening. Do they really? Oh, I don't know. Oh one 30. What the fuck is wrong with Why you just made that one 30 Ish early. Earlier than us. Earlier than us. I don't know why they thought they had a shot. Everybody, everybody, everybody close earlier than us. Most of shout. Shout the Middle East. We had a lot of good times out there.


Facts, lot of good shows out there in Middle East. Oh, middle East. I know a lot of good people out in Boston, but fuck all that right now. You heard. Oh damn. You brought The fuck back. Fuck all that right now man. Hey listen, anybody listening from Boston, if you know what I can do with my game six tickets because it looks like, looks like we won't be needing those. Should I make content out of 'em? Like burn it like the LeBron jersey when he went to Miami. Y'all 50 man. Oh Jgg, y'all 50. Hey bro, I'm gonna tell you like this. I don't want to hear a thing son. If they come back and Win the series. No, no. I wanna hear a whole bunch of shit. One I wanna hear.


Apologies saying the odds are not No, the odds are not in they favor. No, because you'll start doing your, the odds, the evens, yo, you know, nothing is the odds, the evens, the primes. Nothing is the composites, none of them. If Tatum didn't get hurt, then I would entertain that. Okay. But again, we want Tatum to give. Well soon. Yes, of course. Prayer course prayers for Tatum Achilles. Man. Other than that man, let's play. So It is official. Yeah. Play something these Celtic niggas could relate to. Man.


The beautiful part Boston people is like, like what is your favorite fish? Oh my God. They, they up there in New England. Listen some catfish. Clam chowder. Yeah. Whiting. Huh? Come on. You know I only know two fish gie bad Savage cod. You know, you know tilapia nigga tilapia. Oh shit, you tried to play me. You tried. I do know tilapia though. I know you do, right? Yeah. That's the extent of my fish knowledge.


You had some Chilean sea bass. I had that. Oh. Oh wait, what's my other shit to start with? A B. Brono. Brono. Bronzino. Alright. I know four fishes. Fishes. Yeah. You know some snapper, some salmon. Hungry Salmon counts. Salmon. Yeah, salmon is a fish. Salmon Is a bitch up. I'm at seven fish, I'm at seven fish. Yo, keep it to your bridge. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do farewell, idio, cereba, dichi, OTA, arvo. So long. Goodbye.


Or a simple head noob will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. And last, but certainly not least, the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel in a close minded women want you to teach them things. Grab your Tylenol. So the funniest part about Mel saying she wanna know the boots, boots on the ground is is It is not a tough dance.


Like what part is it that you having trouble with? I don't know if I can flick the the fan like that. We will have to see. I don't know. I I, I got, I just ordered a fan. I'm already, huh? Oh you wanna do a TikTok? I'm already you fuck with the young niggas for real. Pay the same. So how am I in the way? What is it I'm missing, nigga? I've been missing nigga I've been gone. Did you just witness? I've been And that's tell me, I don't get it. Everybody can tell you how to do it. They never did it. Now these nigga, but I'm sag.


Anybody doing anything fun this week? Anybody got any plans that they excited about that they wanna share with their audience or that we can exploit for entertainment purposes? Just going outside, Man. It is just working. Going outside. Nah, one of the boys' birthdays this weekend, so I'll be doing family shit. Mm. That's it. It is Daywan birthday this week. Alright. Oh my God. My own. Yo, y'all holding it down out there. Hopefully you enjoyed this broadcast as much as we enjoy delivering it to you. We'll be back this week at same time. Same place. Put name Nigga already home.


Already. Already. If y'all ain't worried y'all already do. You boo already. Ain't nothing. You gotta your shoes already.


You've de you've never heard, you've never heard of Joe Buddy. J-B-P-J-B-P without the.