
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show and we Might not press the button. That's the problem with y'all. My, my question to the room, is anybody gonna combat the marking male tandem on the, on the Joy Taylor Fox sports story?


And that's the fucking problem with our people, man. Right. Already out the gate, out the gate. Doesn't even know what we're gonna say. Talked No, no, no, no. Before out the gate, like when the news broke. I know. I thought About Mark in the gate And Mel On the gate, you said, oh, Right at the gate. Oh Lord. Yeah. I think I know what y'all, what y'all gonna say, I think Is to meet me, sir. Who you think gonna say it? What we think they're gonna say, Mel, not More. I think Mel gonna say It, Mel Puss, because she gonna want to, she want a job at Fox. So she Join Joy. Hey, joy. I understand girl. I can't, being a woman up working in male dominated spaces, sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.


Having to curb your femininity. Sorry for the security of men that may not be as qualified as you. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes people have to put positions to dumb yourself down. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I know a thing or two about that. Are we off? We off. I escaped it. I feel like a little bit. Yeah. I wasn't gonna say any of that shit. Let's go, man. Exactly. Teach them niggas, man. I was Gonna say any of that. Nigga who, fuck. 1.5. You got a bigger office? And turn it down, nigga. I Listen. Stop. Just stop, Stop. Get Me in fucking trouble. Anyw. Who?


All right, y'all don't bullshit. I already see it. I Love it. I'm with bullshit. But in 2025 and I am approaching this like our first pod in 2025. It is kind Of It is. It is mine. Happy New Year everybody. It is mine too. I think It is. It is. It is. Right. Yeah. Happy New Year. Hey, PP y'all. I have so much shit. Oh, They stole my voice from me. I have so much to Say. Talk to Parks and Corey. Wait, what? We did Vacation. We only heard from you. We haven't heard from This one. No. Parks and Choreo and Rim and Youo. Don't forget all cool conspirators. No. Oh my God. What a time. Oh, I can't wait to tell you all about it.


Alright. Lemme make sure you know what I mean. My seat is, make sure everything is fueled. The second, get these fucking lotto too. Enough, enough in, in It is over. For your little Ku. Any games you was playing, mark was very happy that those lotto tickets were filled so happy. Nobody was happier than Mark. My Whole day got better. Yeah. That's horrible. Oh, I mean, Mel was happy too. I'm Sci She texted me. Oh shit. Well, like seven exclamation points, which hasn't happened in a long time. That's what, When's the last time she text you with all the masculinity Points? When she said, I'm, I'm glad you're coming to the show. She was like, I'm glad you joining the Show. Oh, Good defense. Two steps ahead of you. Now that boy is good.


That nigga Chad stepped crossed over. That was a good One. He might be getting this bad ball. She Text you with exclamation points. That said what? It was fake. The video was fake. It was, it was not necessarily enjoyment. It was like shock. Oh. Oh. She's trying to play good defensive. Nothing. She, she's not the greatest. Oh my God. Like I didn't See that. She Didn't say she was happy. I just saw the exclamation points. I I was joyous. The hater. The hater hopped outta you both. And I enjoyed that. Oh, Oh yeah. To the fullest. What? On camera hd. I wasn't hating. No, no. You can say, just say There's a difference. I, I've been thinking this through. I bet you Think about your emotions.


Yeah. That's what notes do. We think through our emotions, we process, we reflect. I was jealous, but I wasn't hating. Hating is like, I don't want you to have it either. Jealous is like, damn, I wish I had that too. Hey bro. Bro. Big bro. You just said time. Hold, hold, hold, hold. You took off running and called your wife mad. I didn't call. I wasn't mad Nigga. Not with you. Not with you. Not with you won with Ice one. I was like Y ice one. That's crazy. Then when it was like, well, Ish one too With Ish one because Now she was like, wait, it was five people, two tickets and you didn't win either of these. You bum ass niggas. Yo dog. You just said, I was so happy when I found out they were fake.


I'm being, I'm joking. I'm being tongue in cheek. No serious Dead. Deadass. Deadass deadass. Dead. Dead. They sent me the exclamation points. I was like, yes. Listen. I would say, I would say that you were ambivalent. No, I was more than ambivalent. Mel, you can get the fuck out today in 2025. I don't want to hear them words. I don't want to hear no big words in 2025. I ain't gonna hold you. Ambivalence your ass. The fuck outta here. If you gonna start that shit today. Oh man. Oh man. All right. All right. Feeling good. Feeling great? Yes. Mic check. Mic check. The levels. The levels. The levels. The levels. The we back are good news. Joe Biden got a new laptop. These buttons sit fast as hell.


Struggling News Joe. Shit up. It was playing the same shit you played for the last. Oh, you didn't See that? So soon as I opened the laptop up started playing 50 cent. Yeah. That laptop needs to go. Yeah, It is over. It was over. It was I I had I it had it. Trunk, drop, sound and crisp. Yo my nigga. You be smacking the laptop around like y'all having sex. Man. I smack niggas around. What's Up Smack niggas around. Comment, nigga. Sex don't start this shit. Y'all don't start this shit. Come on. 23 5. Don't start this shit. Yo. I don't even remember the last time I got smacked. Oh, there you go. Go get your last word out. Yeah. I don't get the last word. But you've been smacked. Yeah. What? Yeah. I remember the last time.


I remember last time I got spanked. Really? No, actually I don't. Yeah. Shout to the doctor. I might have got It. Is the Ice bullshit. Ice. Shout to the doctor. I See that bro cup. You never had a fight before. What? Yeah. You didn't. I'm not trying to be funny and masters. He's asking you a question. My next one could be today. You never Your first to him, your first, your first fight. Nigga, stop playing with Never had no fight. Alright. Why do you think I has never had a fight? Because his whole number, some people never had fights before. Fa, why do you think I haven't Though? He must have some people at least fought his brother. Talk to me. Why you think I haven't?


You told us you got picked up and dropped off every day. That has, Has nothing to do with him. A fight in school too. Niggas don't do that. He might got in a fight before his driver arrived. Times in the hallway. Nigga. I saw that driving nigga. Yeah. Right. Niggas make fun of you for having shit like that. You fight the nigga's. Dick got dropped off at school. I had to have a little scrap when niggas tried to take their little lunchbox. You know I used to have some fly lunchbox ax. Man, he ate the gold shit. Yeah. Huh? I said or Or what? Nigga ate your fruit snacks. You, you cho. You just took it. Right. Hey yo. Today, today is yo, what the fuck you, you got Bravo chips Give, give them Bravo.


Bravo wife. Oh Man, they you run your fruit snacks. Alright. Feels good to be back. Feels good to you. Good to be back. Good to see everybody. Great to be. Yes. Yes. Y'all looking good. Y'all smelling good fans. We appreciate you. Let's get to it man. New laptop got shit sounding crisping a little better. Converters at. I ain't gonna hold you. Hey y'all think about Hippo From Philly B bop Nigga. This is, you know me. Don't teach him nothing. Don't teach him nothing.


Him and Jemele Hill never heard this. See Ice like this Mark like this. What's that? What's that? This your jersey mic Check. One two. One two. Mic Check. One, 2, 1 2. Nah, this laptop got some crack in it. I hear shit sound a little. I can hear it sound like this. Wherever you might be listening from. Shout the first and last time. Listens out there always for the always Big And four in the building. Huh? Fuck. Talking about Shout the haters out there wherever you might be listening from all over the world.


Big Jersey. Big Jersey? Yeah. This one. I get up from the bar and start shaking. Make eye contact with her. Yo. It is hate me 'cause he don't, he don't know. Hold now. I turned it off. Lemme shoot. Lemme shoot up my man real quick. Back, back. Lemme shoot up my man real quick because he walk around holding his water waiting. He's doing the cute guy shit. Waiting for the girl to see. I get up gaze nigga. Alright man. All the hoods in New Jersey, New York City. What up, what up, what up? What Up?


Mark ain't got no moves. I don it. Mark. Don't know this song. It's just first time hearing it. So happy to be here with y'all today. So good. Feel so good Mar.


Go get your gun to Starbucks. Go get yourself something to drink man. A little tooth. Fake medicine bothering you. Hold up now. Hold up now. Fuck. They talk about Boston, Connecticut. Hold DP What's popping out there Carolina? What's going on out there? Atlanta, Alabama, Chicago. What's popping out there Detroit? What's going on out there? Wake it out.


Oh man. What you say? Yo, don't talk no more intro though. I don niggas do. Huh? He said just skate music. I ain't know y'all skated in Jersey. Yo. Y'all just stole cars. Robbed people. Wild guns. Oh well what, what Philly niggas did shoot people and took they shahada. See I shit. You know who we mad at them about? Exactly. We still mad at shout everybody.


It was outside this weekend. Rock with Bobby boy. All the subgroups out the communities. I don, I don.


Lemme fix Mark up a little bit, nigga. Thank you. Fix mark up bit up a little bit. Hey, so we get it, my nigga. Hey, You happy to be back. Get it Celebrating. I It brings a chance. Oh, Ish. There you go. Okay, Mel. Who doing this verse right here? Who's this? Oh, Ralph Tre.


Let's Go. Mel, You wasn't born. I was born in 87. Yeah, he wasn't born when he came out. Oh, he was born in 87. That you Alright man. Time to get to it. Time to get to it. But I'm letting this verse rock. I totally anticipate being here for a high second.


Oh, I felt so good not driving the queens this morning. Hey, Come on. Good driving here. Not for nothing, huh? I felt good driving here. Good. I haven't dream in weeks. Good. Good. Oh Lord, Lord, lord. Do I even remember how to park? I don't Think so. I don't know if I remember how the power, but we going to see. We going to see. Keep this applause going My Microphone.


Check. Microphone Check. One, two. What is this? Best broadcast in the entire world. So happy to be here with You'all today. This fucking applause going God. Damnit. Oh, flip and mail. And mark, mark, mark, mark, mark. All right. What episode is this? 789. Welcome To episode 789 of the Joe Button Podcast. Brought to you by Fueled By Powered by Prize.


Big prize Peace gang. Yeah. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful. Oh my God. So grateful. So happy. Being grateful to the grateful. So Happy to be with y'all today. Here with a few very amazing people. To my right. You know the fucking vibes. The beautiful, the highly intelligent, the loquacious, all that bullshit. Melyssa Ford is in the building. Make some noise. Totally abandoned the origins Of Shut the Fuck Up. Totally Abandoned the origins of hot and bothered numbers going through the roof now that she got with the program. Come on now. Oh shit. Oh, come on now. Wait, what you doing on there now? No, I'm doing the same shit. No she's not. I am.


I'm doing the exact same shit at. Not at all. Yes I am. Podmore wearing less. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. That little trampoline shit. Well mean you know it's the bone density. Ah. Don't do that again. Huh? Don't, don't relate it to bone density. That's, That's hate. Just jump on the trampoline. That's hate. And talk about the weed shit without talking about Per hey to her. Right to Her Right. Y'all know the vibes. Huh? You seen 'em on TMZ? You seen them? You seen the boy? Yeah, I know you seen him TM Z themselves. Yo. Somebody. How did you get the tmz? You, how who'd you text? Hey yo. You know y'all niggas are so washed up that you know I gotta say that.


They called me. I'm Queen Flip nigga. They reached out. Talk to him. They reached Out to my mama. My mom called me and I called Ian. Big queen Flip is in the building. Queens get the money to his Right. Clap for me nigga. Hold up. Clap for me nigga. I was about to take your hands out your fucking sweaty clap. I was about to ask you what you did on TMZ. Talked about your man. Negative, negatively. Nah, come on. No, hell no. No. He gave a perfect answer. Yeah but you know, you know these niggas we gonna get to it later. Yeah, we'll get into it later. Yeah. King Wawa, Elizabeth Elizabeth's finest. Big, big issues in the building. Think he Gonna bald again. But you good. Every time he gonna bald. He tried to grow his shit out. It don't work.


He tried to do the escrow shit. Yeah, he tried to bring the back, take his around this time of the year he gets stressed the summer it cools down for him. This shit backwards nigga. This shit backwards. Gotcha. Dr. Mark Lamont Hill is in the building with us. Thank you. Got the crispy Pins on nigga. Nigga will not let no air flow through his pants. Never. He gotta the cool. Come on man. Mark. How you feeling man? I'm not Feeling good man. I got a crazy toothache. Just got over a cold man. It is been the nightmare since you, since you've been gone keep getting nigga sick. Mo you got me sick last time you sick. You got me. I called. Oh yeah, I got you sick. I got the normal from you the Nova shit.


Next week. Yeah. I got real sick. It is daycare. It's daycare. The dirty ass Real. That's real. Right on. Y'all Took my doctor to the my daughter to the doctor today that ah, all the little kids fucked up respiratory shit. All of 'em. And they still bring nasty ass kids to the daycare. Gotta all that. They parents gotta work. I respect it now. That's what I do now too. I be like, I need you to be quiet for two minutes. Just don't call two minutes. Give him some water. Drop his as right there And run. I heard you talking early about the, the 800 milligram Motrin and how it'll be having you Woozy. I didn not Nigga it had You woozy, which was on brand.


Wait, what? Alright hold on. You got back up. You got back up. Wait, what happened? We got action. The 800 milligram Motrin it could be having Too. How y Strong s That shit's strong. You be dizzy a little bit. Yo. I remember lie can on that one. I only got per Been dizzy and disoriented. I had an 800 milligram 'cause I got a toothache. My shit. Did you just compare an 800 milligram to a perk? No, I was about to tell the That's some skin, that's Some light skin. The only time I ever had a perk. Right. I, I had, I had a different type of headache. I went to the doctor. I got a perk for that headache. Yo dog. Yo, What the fuck? You ain't get your perk from me? No, listen, lemme tell you.


I come home and I'm like, yo dog. Them niggas, they gave me the cat scan, all that shit. The, the whole room was spinning. This nigga was taking two and three. He said, I said yo, how the fuck you just be walking around on perks. The room felt like it was spinning. It is wild. No bullshit. Huh? From one Perk? Yes nigga. Half a perk, 30 or something. I don't know what the milligrams was. Five. I just know I came up, he asked this nigga, how do he do it? He like, Ish. You know I give you that serious low tone Ish. I have a high tolerance for drugs deal. You do Because that shit, yo, I swear the bro, the whole room was spinning, bro. The good perks too. Oh.


So proud of myself. Keno gave me the good Molly on vacation. I threw it out. Oh. I Threw, I threw it out. What's Wrong? Yo, what's up with you today? You I might still be holding some of that shit. I ain't take it. Yeah, I didn't take it. I didn I threw it out but I was forgetting to throw it out that niggas, and it wasn't a whole bunch of garbage cans where we was at. So on the way out I take, I grabbed Al give it to the I'm I'll throw it out at the airport. Give it to the monkeys. We don't get out. No, no. Why would Get Monkey Wrongest wrong with You? What you mean Monkey Animal tested out there Chilling. They be jumping from tree to tree high. That that's Pete. They're gonna call Pete on You. Right. Call Peter. I Hear you. It looked like the good shit too, bud. I just threw it out.


I changed. I changed. Gross. You flew private. You ain't bringing shit back. I ain't bring it back. No, I don't want to take it. I mean give it to people who do. I don't want to deal drugs. Fine dealing if you're not, not charging for it. Exchanging money for It. The drug deal. I am. Listen, my luck is never the greatest. I'll fucking deal some drugs and the nigga die and now they come looking for me. Talking about it was some fent in the Molly. Then I got a snitch on fucking where I got it from. 'cause I ain't gonna stand tall. I'm not gonna stand tall at all. I respect the honesty. Big freeze in the building, huh? Yes sir. Welcome back.


Freeze. All right. A few things are changing in 2025. One. I don't want to hear nothing else about Mel's love life. That shit is bland and dry and until it spices up until she come in here and spice it up. I don't want to hear nothing about that dry shit. One. But more importantly, this podcast is not to discuss music while me and Ice and I, here It is over. Corey, you are under strict instructions. Press the space bar whenever they get to talking about music and ice. And I, I didn didn't even know Ice wasn't here last fucking pod Ice. Yeah, he just do what he wanted. He act like he wanted. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.


He told us that I, yeah, they knew They was talking about music When we was gone. I didn't know that part. I miss you. I saw the clips and said no y'all didn't. Yes they did. We tried to skate over as much as possible. No didn didn't. Y flipped and fell right on it. I mean, don't Do don't the court. All right nigga. All right. We heard Elk of the we heard you. We won't do it again. Alright. Big part am Myra's finest. AM's fines, big Parks in the building. Yes sir. Corey is here post here. Ericson is here. Ian and Key are are here. VO and Tanner I think are still here by remote. Listen, I've been going. I don't know who's here, who's not. And most importantly, each and every one of you guys are here. How's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling?


What's on your mind? Hearts and souls. Talk to me. Talk to me. Doing great. Feeling good man. Feeling good. Glad to be back. Word. That's it. Glad to have some normalcy. Yeah, It is good to be back. Feeling Great, man. Accessibility shortcuts. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. This computer doing some shit. The last one. Alright. Alright girl. Okay. Get spicy with you. That's, I was about to say. That's the new Siri. Yeah. Nah, nah, that's you. You must have clicked the button too many times. Indiana. I'm hitting a round of applause again in this piece Just So I'm back with my Friends. Oh. Oh man. Missed you guys. Missed you guys. All right. So where do y'all wanna start With you Lou?


Yeah, we start. Yeah. Where the hell you that? Okay, how do we do this? How do we do this here? Long story. Longer than it should be. So everybody here knows I have my, my sleepwalking. You talked about it on the pod Incident. Yes. Yes. Briefly. I mean, I said that I slept, I was sleepwalking somewhere that I shouldn't have been sleepwalk. Yeah, true. So I'll expound on that a little bit. Some people here know, those of you out there may not know for a few months now. I've been having an ongoing battle with this racist couple.


He's Turkish, she's Russian. I, I ain't saying nothing. I ain't saying nothing. He's Turkish, she's Russian. She's a Karen. They have been doing all types of shit for months in terms of just complaining about noise and the smell and seeing black people and, and having to share spaces with black people. In my one conversation I've had with this lady in an irritable moment, first she said, you people will never change.


Y'all just refuse to grow. I was alone. So I don't know who you people were, y'all was, I took that to be okay, this lady's racist and that explains some of the behavior. But that didn't stop. She had, they've had me investigated by the building who loves us here by the way. They've had me investigated by the owner of the unit. They've complained about electrical outlets for my cars needing to be plugged in. Damn. They've complained about anything that you could possibly complain about for months. That's a lot of energy. Yeah, but I'd just be minding my business. So like if you not in my, if you not in my zone, then then that's it.


Yeah. But everybody don't operate like that. So these people have been doing this for months. This has been ongoing while we've been recording. And that's the door I slept walk to. That's the irony too. That's the ironic piece. Yeah. That's the door that I decided to sleepwalk directly to butt ass naked. Normally, you know, you would think you knock on somebody's door and be like, Hey, are you good? You got some sugar? Yeah, I, I seen you over here. You was at my door with your dick out. But no, these people decided to misuse some of the systems that are in place for real victims.


And they went to the police to foul a report to say that Joe Biden was outside of their door masturbating on their door. And they don't know if I was there with the intention to our word, her and her family. So what seemed, what would seemed like a simple sleepwalking medical condition. No. Turned into something much bigger. So I've been gone for a month having a, 'cause I had a civil suit. This was my first time having like a civil suit. I don't know how these shit go.


And it just so happens that the judge, the judge picked every pod recording day to have the trial. Tuesdays, Fridays. So I understand that you fans were a bit perturbed, but sometimes you gotta wait. And if you know anything about me, you know, if I'm not at work, there's a reason that I'm not at work. I love, it's a fact. I love to work a fact. So yeah, civil suit. Gotta go to trial. So I went to trial and then the first day she got up there, took the stand out to the judge too. Before I even get into all that, I, there's a few people that I wanna thank.


I want to thank all of the people out there for all the love and support. There were so many of y'all out there that were sending me commercial filming spaces. Y'all were sending me warehouses. Y'all were sending me abandoned buildings. Like people out there really, you know, for all, for all the people. There's some people out there that hate, but there's a lot of love and a lot of people really showed up to try to, Hey, any way I can help, if y'all need to use this space as long as y'all need it, that's dope. You can have it. So that's super, super dope. I want to shout out those people. I want to thank PrizePicks as well.


Shout out to PrizePicks. I preach all the time about how important It is to align yourselves with companies that don't, that don't fret at the site, at the first site of something that may look problematic. Mark has some experience there. So I do wanna shout to PrizePicks great people over here. Thank salute, salute, salute, salute. That's really important to me. Really important. Really empowering. Really helpful. Wow. Wow. Wow. Great. Great. Shout out to prize. Who else do I wanna shout out? Who else do I wanna shout out? I got shout. Got shout to ops. I gotta shout out to ops.


Y'all niggas must have recognized that this was some medical shit and kept it low a little bit. I don't know if I would've had the same. I don't know that if a story came out about one of y'all sleepwalking it, I would've done the same. But for the most part it was quiet out there. It was quiet out there. And the cop that put out that Statement, Press release, that was clearly his first time in the content game. He did that shit on New Year's Eve. We was in Costa Rica. Like, man, give this shit two hours, nigga they got two hours to get their jokes on.


Everybody gonna be out having fun drunk. They tried to ruin the holiday a little bit. They tried it. They take, they tried. They tried it. But we was, we was lit out there. We was lit out there. But I do wanna shout out PrizePicks, the ops, the, the people out there, the fans, the supporters. Y'all were extremely helpful in this very difficult time. But anyway, so we go to court. Alright, so we go to court. This is the fastest trial in history too. Like how did, it wasn't fast to me. It wasn't fast to me. I was displaced. True. Yeah. Yeah. I was displaced for over a month. So it wasn't fast at all. And every time I thought it would end, it didn't. I, I don't know nothing about this. Right. So if you tell me, all right, come in, come in on the 12th.


I'm like, all right, the 12th we back. Hell no. She took the stand, got up there, a bunch of white girl tears cried. Immediately she got, she got right to it. And you gotta sit there. You gotta sit there and keep a straight face because the judge is watching. So you gotta be like a human. You can't be like from hip hop. You Wanna be childish. No, this story gets funnier. I'll tell you when I wanted to be challenged. Okay, so she get up there and she does all the crying. Oh my God. I was in fear for my life. And my kids saw this. And, and and to be clear, I saw some of the think pieces out there saying, oh, if you sleep walking in front of kids, that was horrible. No, this lady showed this video to her kids basically.


So I don't give a fuck about none of that. And then her husband took the stand and then they were cross examined and that was day one. But what I learned is, and this is for stalking and lewdness. Stalking. Stalking and lewdness. How long Was the video? Hmm? How long was the video? 10 seconds. Ten second video. But the stalking is from the day before all of this happened. The third and the fourth. Okay. Remember we heard all that noise? No, it was irony that the day we heard all that noise, niggas were throwing bowling balls on the floor. Yes. Yeah.


I went up there, stood there to see if I heard some noise left. The very next day was the sleepwalking chair. Cool. That was the end of day one. But for lewdness, you need to be naked with the intent to sexually gratify yourself. Which is why she lied on that paperwork to say he was masturbating on my door. As if I can't find a million better places to masturbate than that. But if the shit is on record, that's a dumb ass lie. Yeah. But go ahead. Proceed. That's why you need a trial. 'cause the whole time I'm saying hey, we got a video, we can look at the video. Right. And Like the building's video And the judge is like, well everybody's on the hook now.


So yes, the building's video, but they got their own video. Like it's, it's videos now. Which is why she told that dumb ass he's masturbating on my door. Whatever the fuck she said. So anyway, that's the end of of day one. They asked her if, if, well my lawyer asked her if she thought that I was fully erecting the video. You know what she said? She said yes. Wow. That's where you wanted to be childish. That's so disrespectful. Right there. You was tight. It is was tight. She was tight, childish. You was tight. You gotta sit there just, you just gotta, Nigga wanted to get naked right there. You gotta sit there with a straight face.


Darkness. This shit table nigga Martin be Martin be like, ma'am, I don know what you used Toda different around here. Hey, hey, hey Russian lady. Listen, listen. Helga. Yeah Helga. So That was a big point of contention. And during this, this civil trial is he erect, he touched his penis in this video. So was that masturbating? She says yes. So then we gotta wait till the next, the next day we go to court. So we go to court again. Now me and my brain trust are trying to figure out do we just call my doctor to say like this is some sleepwalking shit.


But if we do that, then he gets cross examined. Then they have, they, they're gonna call an expert witness to rebut that. And this is gonna drag this out for another few months. What's up? I'll be another few months. Paul. Hey yo fam. I would ahead, I would've just hit the doctor like, yo, hey, hey judge. Nah I hit the lawyer like, yo, this is a picture of me direct. Hey show that. Hey me, let me show you something Judge. Yo, this, this is what this looks like. This is what it looks like versus that. Now look at that. Yeah, well y So I didn want list so I didn't wanna drag it Out. So I did not call my doctor to the stand.


Call my girl Nick to the stand. No, you got damn right. Got You right. Call my baby to this. Oh Yeah. She nervous as hell. She looks stupid as hell. Don't understand You got that lady some she probably, I didn sign up in it. Shout the shot Man. Call my baby That's a fire. She probably like, yo nigga, I just, the 30 piece sign up. 60, I gotta say.


Yeah. Cor, that's fire. Yeah, no, I called my girl to the stand. Hello? Yo. Yo. Yo. What's On me? I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm live on air. I'm talking about the amazing job that you did on the stand round because I gotta give it up. Gotta give it up. Thank you very much. Lori said anytime. Was he flacid? She said yes, Absolutely, Absolutely Russian bitch. Right babe. Tell them They did. He was like, was he at all erected?


And I said absolutely not. Hello? Hello? They try to play my baby. Hey fuck they talking about? Yeah. Yeah. Relax nigga. Let them think it's small. I video. Your shit was on shrimp. Yes. I'm a grower, not a show. Got you. A video with Asked a a few questions. I'm gonna let you go 'cause I know you're really busy. But tell, tell my amazing Coles about y'all, about me on the stand and and the job you think I did.


Oh my god. Well they called You up right, right after. He Is a big strong black man and that's how he comes off on the stand. Very confident. And I kept trying to tell him stop being so goddamn confident. 'cause it comes, She wanted me to code switch. Yeah. They're   we are trying to make sure this goes the way we want to go. Hello. But instead he's just him and he can't help it. His voice comes off strong as hell. The first question that was asked him, he overpowered the entire damn room. Everybody looked at him like, what the hell? The deep ass voice then it's in the mic. It was just extra. I'm like, this nigga everywhere he goes, he just draws attention.


No way. But then I remember where I was at. I Said, and I'm embarrassed, I'm so embarrassed by this. They saw my naked body. I'm like, he did, he did. They took some shots at and they tried to, they took shots at me. I was like, oh shit. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. They, they lawyer tried to get her. Oh yeah. Hey, are you married? Shit. No. Wait, hold up, hold up. They to get you like shot you. No, no, no, no. They said, They asked her, are you married? She said no. He said, is he married?


Bitch y'all blame my baby bitch y'all blame my baby. Is he married Like You little bitch look like. But guess where the jug had my back. She was like, first of all, she answered your question. Relax. He's not married. She's not married and where's The let, let's Move. Moving along. Yeah, exactly. But they, they would send the shots. They was getting Shots. No, that would that be that racial stereotypical bush was Yep. You right. Ish to try to paint You looking like a, a, a heathen, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Fuck outta Here. Alright, let I I love you. Let me finish all he got. Love you too. Bye-bye. So anyway, the truth of the matter is I'm a nudist. I'm a voyeur, I'm an exhibitionist. I don't give a fuck. I know somebody's seen me naked for 10 seconds, but very embarrassed by this entire ordeal.


And I'm disappointed that Yo, you're not in court. Y got do that. They gonna fuck him. No, that I'm playing. But, but yeah, I, I had to give him, I had to give him a little bit of that. But again, long story, less long Shit. I thought it would be be over after that. The judge was like, I'm sit on this for the weekend. Oh shit, I'm gonna sit on this for the weekend and come back to it again. I tip my hat to that judge. She was fair, reasonable. That's all you could ask for. Yep. Like heard all the testimony was attentive. She wasn't on no bullshit. And she came back and was like, she gave a whole breakdown like of everybody's, everybody testified of their body language, their consistencies, their inconsistencies, their, their reasonability, the credibility.


She did say I smirked a couple of times during the, during the, the thing that lady was, was getting some bullshit off. Like It is like lady. So I hit up a couple of smirks. But, but that was the end of that. And by preponderance of the evidence, Kick rocks outta Here because then she got into what some of these things mean. Stalking means by statute 8.25 main things, Important words main thing. Two or more times where you have harassed, threatened, made somebody in fear for their life but yada, all of this shit that didn't apply to me. So she was like by preponderance of the evidence. No, I don't find that. That is stalking and lewdness in statute 6.423.


Yeah. That you have to be nude. Where, where there's reasonable expectation for you to be seen. I wasn't seen that ring video means if you see me through a ring door, that don't mean nothing like Right. Nobody was in the hallway. Nobody's seen shit. And you have to Want to gratify Yourself be in the act of or trying to Pleasure Yourself. Pleasure yourself. And she said Mr. Button was not erect. Mr. Button was not masturbating. If y'all wanna make jokes about my dignity small, go ahead. I'm workshopping a few right now.


Got the nigga Shit. Just a Chinese shit. Right. Look at you. I'm glad that you added this. His story. Yeah, this is the end of that. So he said Mr. Button was not a wreck, he was not masturbating. The one time that he touched his penis, he appeared to be trying to cover himself. Mr. Button was not trying to forcibly enter your 'cause. That's what they say. He was trying to forcibly enter my place, but the video shows me trying to put a keypad in. It looked like I had to pee. It looked like a ten second video of me having to to pee. She was like, he's shifting his weight from one leg to another leg as if he has to use the bathroom. He's not forcibly trying to enter.


He was at the, he was out there for a total of nine seconds. And It is for that, that I find. Yeah. No it's, it's over for that. So Mr. Button, please take the necessary precautions to make sure that this never happens again. Put the Zapping on your door And all of y'all get the fuck out. Oh. They ain't even order you to do shit though. The order at at the verdict. No. Yeah, Because he found her not guilty of anything. Ate Well and she said that I'm gonna wear, I'm gonna wear pajamas. There you go. And got a couple dollars. You can get some nice ones. Like It is A real simple fix. I'm gonna wear some boxer briefs to bed in the event that I take a stroll y fuck.


Hey let me tell you nigga something. You niggas have my Aunt Catherine call me. Y'all have my aunt. Y'all made my Aunt Catherine leave Wednesday night. Church service to call and say a prayer over the phone. My Aunt Catherine, don't call me for none of this internet bullshit. Said Joey. I seen some things. She Said Joey, I Seen some things in the news. I want you to know we praying for you darling. Come on. Let's say a prayer right Now. I love you all Catherine. You fucking motherfuckers. Well Y'all had the damn bartenders looking at me away before they handed me my juice. When I went out, they gave me the juice talking about I seen some stories.


It was such a wild thing to have to answer to in the streets. Oh Really? You had to answer. You had to. Yes. Oh nigga, fuck you think happened to our phones? Fuck phones nigga. I walked in the barbershop 10 minutes after the shit dropped. They looked at me like you stop gonna the barber Shop. That was your fault though. Why is that my fault. You walk in a barbershop with them jokes about to fly, nigga. Nigga you don't know what's going to drop and what the news about to be. I'm on the way. You ain't gonna get a Haircut. Nah, that's not true. Y'all had a month y'all, y'all had before the news went public. Y'all knew my business. We at lead time. That's, I'm saying that's not true. That's not that press release going out that morning my nigga. That's different. That shit went out and, and I'm in the shop. They're like, yo, what up just y nigga, what's up my family from down south.


Everybody. Yeah. What is, what'd they say and what y'all said? I gave them niggas the emojis and put shaking in my head. What fuck you think? Thanks. I Ain't explaining that shit. Everybody That call said yo, tell your man put some clothes on. I just ignored the Man. Everybody joke. I'm at the New Year's party. I see mano. Yo man, what up? He don't even say hi. Tell your man put some clothes on this the kind of shit niggas he's dealing with in the streets. The cop Too called me. I'm like, yo Joe, yo Joe. Put some clothes on. I was like, yo, the subject quick, Free as boy. Yeah. Listen, I'm gonna wear, I'm gonna wear, I'm gonna wear pajamas. Man. There we go.


Wear pajamas. We got a resolution. Maybe one of those collars that zaps you if you like leave the like lift electronic. She needed Some shit. Extra, extra protection, you know, protect him from himself. And, and what about the sleepwalking part? Like you going, you got like some treatments or something? Yes. I'm gonna take a sleep test. Okay. I'm gonna take a sleep test. Okay. He tried me on the stand with that. Oh, so you was sleepwalking huh? Ever took sleep test? Like Nope. It like this doctor's note that you got, your cousin works there, right? Wow. Oh Yeah. Your trial is kind of funny. But you can't laugh. No, you cannot laugh Better. Not you can't Laugh.


But trial is cut. I ain't gonna hold you. It was a very, it was a learning experience. I was just happy. I was happy. That Shit different than the doc. Try try funny when you come out on the, the positive side of it because it shit ain't funny. If it go the other way. That's true. And think about this and the civil, imagine if the judge wasn't understanding. No, she said it. She said this is one of the rare, this is probably the only case I've, one of the only cases I've seen where there's a video when there's no video, It is your word verse. They word. And that could go a little bro. Too different. Yes. It would've went whole different. A whole different, you feel what I'm saying?


They paint you as the big black scary man. We timid and afraid. Yeah. Right. Yeah. But that's what I was grateful for. I was grateful for the growth and the maturation part on my side because you know, sometimes they'd have caught me 10 years ago, my response would've been rebelliousness and to act out and to really, oh, that's what you think of Black people. Didn didn't show you. But no, it wasn't, it wasn't time for that. Yeah. I was grateful that I got to show like who I am in there, which is A human being as opposed to the rapper. 'cause rappers fit in a a box.


You know what I'm saying? Like black rapper rich braggadocious and they think we don't have sense. They think we can't conjugate verbs. They think we can't speak with concise thoughts. All of that shit. So, and you a asshole too. And the arrogance with the intelligence, It is like, Oh yeah, he, he a little different. Yeah, no, I was, I was proud of myself. I was proud of myself. That displayed shit for a month was a little annoying. But other than that job well done. Again, Thank you guys. Thank you guys for holding it down for the month. No doubt. I I appreciate y'all boy. It was long boy. It was long. But we bike. Yeah, we mad. But, but, but we bike. Can't wait to have my studio back.


You Ain't that mad. Like y'all Like to have my studio back though man. Kicking us out. Get the fuck up. Never fuck. We can stay there as long as we want, but stupid As, Yeah. Them people might have known some people, they might have known a few people at the police precinct, but I know God, You, God don't play about you. Hey, hey, y'all know y'all know some humans. I know God. I always tell y'all my God, don't play about me. And good choice by you ops. That would've been a real bad move for anybody thinking that sleepwalking was going to be the thing that was gonna put your button down for the count. Some of y'all know I'm a little more resilient than that.


Some of y'all. Yeah. That just would've been bad. That would've been low hanging fruit. Y'all know y'all did good choice. Good choice. But, and I'm glad, I'm grateful. All praises due to eye power couldn't have done it without him. There's No civil recourse for like the statement that the cop put out. 'cause that just seemed like Yeah, yeah. Allegedly and yeah. Guilty, innocent until proven guilty. All that shit was in there. So I think they probably, I get why they did that though. Why? It makes sense. It makes a lot of sense. You gotta figure once the news hit and these, these internet detectives blowing their phone up. So now it's like, yo, we getting calls and people stopping by trying to, to ask all these questions. Yo, what's going on?


What's going on? Let's let us put a statement out. Address it. They probably ain't dealt with no shit like that Clearly. So Let's put a statement out just to, in their mind and we just putting something out to address it. No, It is weird. It is not fucking murder. I'm not rolling with that. I'm not rolling with that at all. Okay. The, the lewdness charge is fourth degree lewdness. Like without this civil shit that charge was getting thrown at. That was, but they said that that was getting the fuck outta it. He Addressed, I think they addressed that. I don't know the article about But, but wait, before the civil trial even started, I had a date for the criminal shit, which should have been 1, 2, 3. They pushed that day. Of course they pushed that day. I also filed a whole bunch of counter charges that mysteriously took over a month to get where they needed to be.


So if you're asking me what I think, again, I feel like they know some people Probably. And They Took the fact that that dropped New Year's Eve On New Year's Eve. Three weeks after the four weeks after the incident says that there was a little bit of strategy Employed. Well no, I know the strategy Attempted search. I know what the, the strategy, how the press release is. The strategy was yo uncle Murder got this wrap up dropping. Let's make sure he knows so he can get his bars in there. Uncle Murder you thirsty ass was finished. Shit, I ain't gonna hold you. That was fine. No, I, that was funny. I would've did the same shit. I didn had no more beat left. He was done. He was done. He went back in the booth to say, nah, he that shot his phone at the end.


Throw this on there, button your butt naked A was in the hallway walking up. I was listening like, I get it man. I get it. Shout out. Shout to Uncle Murder man. Anybody else I need to shout out on my sleepwalking shield? Let me just make sure your Lawyer, My lawyer, my my lawyer. That guy's a dog. That guy's a dog. Listen, y'all go get these sta whatever, wherever they got their attorneys from on paper, they read fucking Johnson and Johnson firm. Whatever the fuck it Red we have. It's the network. It Red got they ass ate up in here. They got you gotta go get you a hungry nigga.


That's just about it. No, it's the video and the video. No, the video. They were hung your black ass off the balcony. They were giving a shit case. Yeah, they were giving a shit case. Yeah. Yeah. I I will say that like lewdness and stalking for what we have on this video. Yeah. Nah, shout. Yeah, shout out to my lawyer who I shout out to the judge. Shout to prize bitch. Shout out to the fans. Shout out to the haters. I think that's it. I think that's it. Does, does This change how you feel about being in this space? Particularly having to walk past them or see them going into the crib or, or seeing 'em on the elevator like laughing. You got like enemies. They like for real. Like, does does it make you not wanna be here? No, It did. It did for a minute during the month.


Again, I was more worried about y'all. Hmm. Not really me. Like I don't feel like my people should be subject to certain things. Certain profiling and, and certain surveillance that I know was going on even in my absence. But for me, no. Listen, I, I came here, we, we, we, I rented this place. I wanna shout out to her too. Like I I was gonna, I was gonna say Something about that. The owner, the owner of this unit is fly. Yeah. Like be clear. The owner of this unit is absolutely fly. Loves me, loves this, loves it all. And I had such a great time in this building that they done leaked all my business. I could talk that I purchased multiple units in the, in the building.


So, But that's where the problem started. Yep. Yeah, That's exactly when the beef started. Started. That's where the classes, That's when the beef started. That is the Beef started. Shit comes in. We've been in here for two years. Everybody in the bus building loves us. They're cleaning people. Fuck with us. The managers fuck with us. Everybody likes us using your place once you buy a unit here. No, it change. Oh what Or two? Yeah. Yeah. You bought a couple. Look, look, look. Wait, no and no, no, no, no. And, and then, And my unit might cost more than they units. You only told Us about one nigga. It is difference. I like two. You only told us. I have a few now. Don't worry about it. Mind ain't business. But then that Ferrari popped up Then, Then and then that color popped up.


Yeah. S like, I'm gonna fix this little nigga. No dog. The problem started pre cards. Yeah, no I know. The problem Started when, because even the nigga over there was like, Oh yeah, you renting right? Yeah. Let me get that other parking spot. You understand what I'm saying? Like just the fact that you saying shit like that dog whistling. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Speaking in code. No, that's true. Oh, you bought Something. Lemme go research what he bought. So to answer your question, maybe I would feel the way if I were a renter. Hmm. And I'm an owner, you can't, nah, that mean I'm taking my my owner belt to where I rent too. That mean I'm on h oas, I'm on the zones, I'm on, I'm on the town hall meetings.


I'm there. So, and I think that those people, the racist people I'm talking about have sullied themselves with their behavior. Oh that's good. Like people like me, I treat people with respect and, and I'm kind and I'm polite. Yeah. We Fly with A lot of the neighbors in the Nah Yeah, they, That goes a long way. So, so that shit had you, y'all got him the nice guy out there saying he did, what did y'all say? He didn't? No. And and for the people, 'cause I'm sure the board saw the video, they have no choice. Now I'm gonna hear what y'all said happen versus what I saw happen. It makes y'all look crazy. They got no credibility to any rational person who makes y'all look crazy.


And that's what the judge said. The judge was like, I under I understand what your perception was and being afraid and, and again, naked man at your door. I get it. Yeah, for sure. That You can be tight regardless. Yeah. The accountability part for me was, yo, let me, let me bounce, let me get my people outta there. That was, that was a little crazy. That was a lot. Damn. I forgot what I was about to say. Accountability piece with the naked man. And the judge said something about the, oh, the Judge. Like I understand that that's your perception of what went on, but no, it's not our job because they lawyer kept saying, well what other reason could he have been? Could, what other reason would there for him be naked outside the door if he wasn't trying to our word Sleepwalking.


Like he kept saying that. And, and, and the, and the final verdict, the judge was like, like you kept saying that, but it's not the court's job to assume why he was out there. Right. Like It is your job to prove All. But look, he had no evidence. Even a lawyer's perce, that's like saying, yo, what was that black guy doing walking down the street at three o'clock in the morning? It's no different. What your perception of me walking down the street is, nigga, I might have just got off work at one. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like all of that shit. And then that goes into the mindset of the people. Yeah. That you can only perceive this one way. Yeah. You know what, what I'm saying? And be close-minded to any other potential. Yo, this Shit's scary. Yeah. But that shit, I ain't, I'm not gonna lie. Like it was a little jarring for me.


Like I said, we've been over here over 20 years. Yes. I've never had that encounter. I've never had one encounter. This shit over here is a Melting pot. And I tell people that all the time. Like this neighborhood, It is not that. It's not that. It's not that. It's, I I've never been unfairly treated around here. And again, we've been here 20 Over 20 years. Yes. Like I've never had those issues because dog, you don't know in this neighborhood who you pulling over. Right. So you can't do that bullshit because you don't, you could be pulling over fucking Quincy Jones's son. You could be pulling over judge blah blah blah's nephew. You don't know who the fuck you pulling over here. Everybody got a couple dollars. I'm never had no real, real in racial interactions here.


Never. They start watching the pod. They tried to fucking, they brought up some shit Mel said they was just, they was going crazy bro. I'm sure glad it's over with. Indeed. Yeah. So happy to be back here with y'all learning, learning experience. For sure. Well, last question, what's the building's stance on all of this? Because I know that they were siding with you just in terms of tactics that she was using to, you know, just become a nuisance. Y'all do know out outside of, let me try to answer you out. Outside of my civil case, the state of New Jersey, there's an ongoing battle with entrepreneurs and people that work from home and what that entails.


That's everywhere. I think at this point, post pandemic the entire, It changed. It changed the landscape. Yeah. It changed the border Landscape. But they, they trying to, and I can't speak for everywhere else in New Jersey, they back and forth. Yeah. In the paperwork court side of it. Sure. I'm sure that's happening. All over's. All I'm saying. Yeah. Hopefully. Yeah, because I even thought about that when I'm moved to my new place in terms of like the lease agreements and all that shit. 'cause most lease agreements have a commercial clause in there and it's like, well I've work from home, so how does this work? And I want to write it off That too. Exactly. So, so With regards to The write offs, so the build the building, oh go Ahead. You wanna put that shit in your company name, et cetera, et cetera. So it'll just be a easier thing for taxation right. How do you do that?


The building stance as of today? 'cause that may change. Lawyers get involved and, and things go different. But the building stance is not only should you be allowed to work from home, but if you say that Joe button can't do that there, then you're saying that to the people that zoom the people that you, the YouTubers you're saying that to the twitcher streamers. You're Saying that to streamers, lawyers, you're saying that Teachers, because courts have been closed, a lot of people, a lot of courts haven't opened back up. A lot of court is Zoom. Yeah. Telemedicine, all of that. All of that shit. Yeah. So now you're saying that they can't work. Yeah. But I mean, you know that, that the lawyer's jobs is to, to put the gray area words in there, which is commercial broadcast.


Like what is commercial? Right? What is that? It's not like we're selling wares necessarily out of the apartment. We're podcasting is correct. Right. Especially, especially in a real estate arena. Right. It is really just residential, industrial, commercial. Right. And then the industrial commercial could be one and the same. You get what I'm saying? So if you're not using this particular unit for residential purposes, what's the other outcome? Commercial. You know what I'm saying? So it it could get Nah, but we be, that's why we be making Cory sleep in there. I Know, I know. Cory gotta sleep in there two nights. Three. Nah, I seen the little washcloth with the Doll. Yeah.


We went, I said we went to Bob's furniture nigga. I said, fuck the fuck are you talking about? No. So the the building stance, and again that is, It is subject to change, but I'm not even worried, worried about that. Right. Because the blessed part is I'll go buy a place. True. And that'll be the end. Although even with that, you never know what your neighbors like. That's, thank God for my, I'm blessed my neighbors Neighborhood. I'm Blessed know, Even if you move the burbs or whatever it may be. Still gotta be careful. The neighbors might trip out and raise the same questions that they would in a, in A, I'm blessed enough to be able to buy something where the neighbors could be a little way. Yeah, For sure.


That's really in A freestanding house. Like It could still the same commercial versus residential shit could still pop up no matter where you're at. Mm. I figured not be resident versus resident then. Because in your house you can do what you want. If you own that shit In your house, you shoot whatever the fuck you wanna shoot. Right. You can't be having pool parties at two in The morning. But Yeah. And blasting music and having the people from the pool party leave and piss on the neighbor's lawn. Right. Like it's what was going on in 2012. Right. I Knew the dude was talking about Because why would somebody do that if you have a pool party now you gonna leave and pee on the neighbor's lawn. Shit Was terrible. The look could hit you when you was walking to the car. Had to go. That's crazy. Gotta go, gotta go Find a tree.


A Bush up the neighbor's lawn. Drunk stupids. Anyway, man, listen, glad it's over. Indeed. Happy To be back with y'all. Happy to be back with y'all again. Extremely grateful for the job that y'all did most of it. And Yeah man. Yeah. Good to be back. Word. And I'm glad all that shit is over. Word. I was so glad to be back here. I was here at nine o'clock. You was early. You was early. Hell Yeah. I gotta Go to Queens Pocket yet. I don know though. I kind of, I had so much fun to trial. I got kind of the court bug now. Hey, hold up now. I got the bug.


Just what? Say I nigga's cases. I'm suing that shit outta people. I'm suing this shit outta like seven. I got mad, mad complaints. I'm getting back to court. That shit was alright. A little bit. I'll tell you something. If you didn't have to be serious. I like that shit was, that was quite the experience and and they I've never been through anything like that. They Good at it. Oh, they lost. I know. I'm just telling you though. They, They lost. They lost. I got the inside. I got the inside. Hey my God, don't play about me. That's it. That's it. I was shocked to see so many people out there that wanted me to lose.


Oh my god. Oh my Lord. That's terrible. They wanted all of us. It wasn't that shit was, that shit Is terrible. Yeah. It's over for y'all now. What you want do is what is people's obsession with wanting to see me humbled. It is going take more than my naked body on sleep. It is going take more than the little shrimp dick. I don do something with the mini Man. The fuck is wrong with these people now. But anyway, time for my favorite po I seen it. Hey, hey. Yeah. Nah, I seen it.


I seen it. You got damn right. Seen what? I have lost this price. Fixed gigs price going up. They knew. They knew you got right. They knew. They was Like, yo, y'all should stop saying that because y'all know what's gonna happen if he lose the Prospects. No, that was funny. That was funny. New Patreon's Going up. But again, I preached this, I preached the importance of getting with companies. I've been on the other side of that. Yeah, you said that, you said that. I've been on the other side of, you know, companies will put the wording, wording in the contract. Hey, if you're charged with something it's over. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Morals clause. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's crazy. No. Just charged. If I'm convicted of something then it's over. But charged ain't just letting people, those Niggas be like any negative press We out.


Yeah. No, no, no. I was very happy. I'm, I'm very happy with prospects. I'm not gonna lie. I am. I'm very, very, very, very happy. So happy now. Time. My favorite part of the show Prize.


All right. It is playoff time and it's now or never. I got third place in my fantasy league, which does bring back some return third place. And I got four high scores. So I win 12 grand. Okay. That's something like that. I don't have to pay out. So I've been paying out every year. So that's amazing. It's playoff time and it's now or never. So don't miss out on the best place to win real cash while watching the playoffs and you can now win up to 1000 times your money only on, you guessed it PrizePicks. Who am I going with? I wanna pick a upset Still away from I want to pick a upset. I do. It's a lot of Parody. Do I think, do I think Denver has a shot? I like the Chargers. Yo, I would, that's my upset pick. Yeah. I like the Chargers. I like the Chargers. I do. And that's it. Pick McConkey, whatever his name is. Pick more on McConkey. Yeah. Okay. The Chargers don't win. If McConkey don't do something crazy so you don't trust Ices trash ass Big Pickens Man. There you go. There's your upset right there. What big game For Pickens? Y'all usually play them tough but I think, I think his trash as Steelers has been on a, a losing streak. Yes. Steelers ain. Yeah. They ain't, They ain't, I don't think it's gonna change. Turn around. They haven't been the greatest. But I'm rooting Vice. I'm rooting Vice and the Steelers, my team ain't doing shit. Lost the number one pick. Stupid stupid Tyre Hill wanna leave. He do. How you feel About that? I ain't like that. I don't, I don't mind him wanting to leave. I don't like the way that he did it after the game like that. That was super, super corny. Mad unprofessional. Yeah. Especially when you had a bad year. Like that's crazy. Well who's Your team? Hmm? Who's your team? The Giants. You Good? I'm great. Y'all gonna Jaws mopped up. Who? The Eagles. I just remember at the beginning of the Season telling you Eagles are probably gonna win the Super Bowl and then we gonna have a big year. I don't think the Eagles are winning the Super Bowl, but It is fine. He don't either. I'm not listening to Mark. He don't either. I'm not even listening to who. Y'all Got the first round a Packers And y'all might go home. Yeah, he might can beat y'all. They allall might go home. Especially if that boy's healthy. Y'all might go home and y'all can't stop the run Any given Sunday. You right. Listen, if you download the app today and use promo code JB b, you will get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat, download the app today and use promo code JB P and you get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game. I'm gonna be running mine, God damnit, I'm driving somewhere. It worked. Yeah, You had to see Parks face light up in Costa Rica. Oh yeah. Talking about, oh shit. Price pick works. They faked me out though. They faked me out. Oh Man. Nah, it didn't work. Oh shit. I'll Tell shit.


Alright. Yo, look man, we talking about court and sports. I mean Fox Sports. Ah man. Let's get to it. Freaky sports. This is when the pod officially begins. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. Who's introing? Us Mel. Mel, Take it away. Mel. Take it away. Okay. Like Calgon give it to us. I actually did a summarization of the entire lawsuit. Oh Yeah. Okay. Just because I, you know, wanted to just Because you heard Well you know her thi Exactly. So a, a hairdresser over at Fox Sports has launched a lawsuit naming Skip Bayless as a defendant in the lawsuit claiming that he, how would I put this?


Sexually harassed her. Sexually harassed her. Yeah. Yeah. Sexually harassed her. Basically said propositioned if propositioned her, I'll pay you $1.5 million if you'll sleep with me. She also alleges that the culture Scoffed at that. I mean, Big man. She also alleges that the culture really just kind of like was it was a horrible place for women to work and that's basically it. But Joy Taylor is catching the brunt of the conversation. This shit is wild. So she's a defendant too. I mean, Joy Taylor is also A defendant. Yes. Yeah. About say It is a big lawsuit. So it's a, it's a class action suit. She's trying to turn it into a class action. There's three things, right. It's a class action suit. Right.


And that's for labor. 'cause she's saying that all the part-time workers, all the casual workers, the hair, all the people who get paid hourly are getting screwed by the network for stuff like this. Then she's suing the head of, Put your mic that mark. He's, He's, he's, she's suing the head of programming or the executive VP of programming. Charlie Dixon. Yeah. And Naman Joy Taylor, who's a major host on FS one and Naman, skip Bayless. So they're getting sued personally. The company's getting sued and it's, as you said, this class action suit, which is going to be crazy and actually has implications for everybody in the business who works as a makeup artist, as a hairstylist, as everybody else. So that's really important. Yeah. But it's all said, like you said, there's a culture of, they use the word patriarchy in the, in the document of patriarchy, of sexism, of sexual harassment, of all kinds of stuff.


What I thought was interesting, well two things. One was how well documented it was. A lot of times these things be just random allegations. It is like she had notes of everything. She said she had a journal. A journal. I mean it was clear. Right. And You right, we just Jump in to tell the audience. The essay journal is crazy. It's all the hairstylists and the MUAs know the T everything. Yes, for Sure. Everyth. It is their job and gig to know the T And that's across the board. So, And and they microphone the, the makeup room at, at Fox Sports. So they literally is, they're recording at all times. That's why Skip. And they say in the lawsuit, skip was like, the room is bugged.


So he would text her or allegedly or try to talk to her outside of the makeup room because that's where all the, All the stuff the spot cameras Are. Yeah, Exactly. So there's been a couple of responses. So Fox Sports Response, Fox Sports has acknowledged that the seriousness of the allegations, but has refrained from further comment due to pending litigation. Skip Bayless's response as so they Said nothing. Yeah, right. As the latest reports, skip Bayless and his representatives have not publicly commented on the suit. Shannon Sharp was Skip Is at, skip is at Wayne's house. Skip is at Lil Wayne's house right now. Shannon Sharp wants to make it absolutely clear that he has absolutely nothing to do with this. Don't bring his name into shit. I wasn't that just don't.


Right. That's facts. I'll take a small order of cappuccino. That's facts. But that's facts. Yeah. And as far as I know Joy Taylor has yet to say anything, but Joy went to work. Joy went to work up. Joy went to work, covered up, cover The Up. And Emanuel Acho deleted some stuff because he, He did. Now that's my man right there. Hold up. They, you know the internet gonna keep the fouls. Yes they did. The internet kept the fouls hold up. Now there was a lot of Hony clips that went out this yard Moment to shout out my co-host Joy Taylor, a woman, a black woman daily show sports. Do you all realize how hard It is to get into the position that she's in?


She put it on that nigga In sports and we don't even care what women have to say in sports. Ah. But joy is not only A position, he put the sauce on us Position on television as a woman, as a black woman Talk to macho, but as an Opinion. So not just asking men what they think, but providing her own unique and distinct insight. It is hard to do enjoy Shut Nigga. Two things can be true at the same time. Yeah. He, he wasn Wrongest. I, He's, he's absolutely not Wrong. We know where that's coming from. Yeah. But he was his But you feel like he was incentivized to say that because Come On. You think he's wrong though? He just, he's not wrong, but he just left the crib. He did it right outside the crib. You know, she put it on him. Yo, That's what the internet said. Internet.


He's right outside of her crib. In his car in a t-shirt smelling his finger every time that he said something. See another picture they had sitting there. He got the blanket across his lap. He sitting on the couch with, with some wine too. With some Come on Man. Did some kinky shit. Mom And the wine. Listen, wine have the same effect it be having on Mel. Like Yeah. You know Mel gets some wine's. Yeah. Wine. That's hate. Oh my Lord. Let me just read the, the part of this that is the most, I think, detrimental to Joy's reputation currently, just because the court of public opinion is gonna do what it does. That One sentence. And this is fucking nuts.


Af a few months after meeting Mr. Acho at the lunch. Ms. Raji, who is the plaintiff? Plaintiff. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Tion notice, notice him in the hallway at work. Ms. Raji later asked Ms. Taylor if Mr. Acho also worked at Fox. Ms. Taylor confirmed and explained that she wanted Mr. Acho to eventually recommend her on the show, speak for herself. Ms. Raji claim became alarmed and warned Ms. Taylor, that she should probably not sleep with Mr. Dixon and Ms. Acho at the same time as Mr. Dixon is a very powerful man that may become very angry. Ms. Taylor told her not to worry about it. She explained that she was also now powerful. And once Mr. Dixon was no longer useful to her, she would follow through on her plan to tell the company that he had forced himself on her.


She would not allow herself to be forced out by Mr. Dixon, like other women talent. Mm. That's, that's disgusting. That's, that's the on that's the only thing I wanna preface all of this with. We don't know that any of this is true. True. That's thousand percent. I think that that's important to note, but I got a job to do. I'm assuming It is. No, no. You assuming it's true. No, no, I'm not, I'm not assuming it's true because I, I don't believe that Skip Bayless offered 1.5 million to get Some pussy. And If he did, I don't think he offered a 0.5 then I believe he might have. Just think he was talking shit. I think he might have said it. Nah, no. Like as a Joke.


No. Yeah, just talking shit. No, no, No. From from that lawsuit, it seemed like he was pressed to get her attention. Wait, What's the note that you're saying that No, he did make proposition at All. He not offer, he didn't offer a 0.5. I don't believe that. That he offered that to get some pusy please. Oh, oh, skip is No, But you guys, but you guys believe that he offered money to compensation to get pussy? I don't Know that either. That's possible, but no, it's Possible. Okay. Plausible. I don I think it's more Than possible nowhere near that number. Okay. So And if she put that number in her lawsuit, I don't believe that. So now I'm must are You doing that based on the number or because of the picture You saw? I'm basing it on the number. The Number. But why is it so hard to believe that he could just say some more shit? 1.5 million? I mean, I don't think it makes sense. I'm just saying like, he could have said it and just been talking shit.


Nah, But lemme ask you. I agree. Why, why do, and you my man, why do y'all immediately give all the time credence to that? Like the same way you saying, why do you believe that? Why is it not viable that we don't Believe it? What I'm saying is, I don't know one way or the other. I don't assume it's not true. And because I've been in this business long enough to see what men say, particularly men like Skip and I don't know Skip personally, but I then what Does men like Ski men? Like Skip mean Older aging men who use their, who, who, Who abuse their power, Who are insecure and who are who and who are constantly battling for stuff. I'm basing that on, on, I'm not talking about women right now. He don't really gimme Insecure by the way. Oh, he doesn't?


Oh, you'd be surprised. I'm, I'm only talking about what his peers and colleagues have said at FS one to me. Okay. So again, I don't know him so I could be wrong. Gotcha. But based on his, his personality, he fits a type that I've seen and having worked at Fox of, of, of powerful hosts, powerful producers, powerful people. And they do shit like that. And if you don't want to give them none, they go harder. They text you, they offer you gifts and they just keep raising the stakes. 'cause it's their ego to chase you. I don't think Skip Bayless is notoriously cheap. Right. Like, like Steven a said the night he would don't think he'd give him $50. Right. $15. Right. 15. I'm not saying he would've done it, but it doesn't surprise me that people floss money to say it facetiously or to see what you going to do. Just to see what you going to do. Like, yo, if I gave you 1.5, would you gimme some pussy? Like that's not a crazy thing to say to somebody. Just see what they think when you talking.


That's all I'm saying. I'm just saying he talking shit. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't believe it or not believe I'm saying, I don't know. I, but I wouldn't dismiss her. I wouldn't, this woman's stuff was so well documented. All the other stuff, it's like people so easily believe this stuff against joy, but find this part to be so hard to believe. I'm saying all of It is equally, I don't necessarily question, I don't necessarily believe everything about joy either. And it's two totally different things. The thi the things that they are accusing joy of. I've never met joy in my life and I have friends that are super duper close to her. Okay. So I want to, you know, be respectful. But if we gonna just call a spade a spade, it's a lot of women that sleep they way to the top. They do. So that's not something that would be No, I'm talking about that statement. The statement of I would, I would, I would say he forced himself on me.


I I I didn't. Oh, I ain't take that part. That's the part I'm talking about That part. That's the part I'm talking about. But, but whoa, Hold up. Are you of the belief that there are women out there that are of that thinking Or to play the game like that? Of course. Okay. Again, I'm not Okay. Just checking. And that number's growing. I just gotta check that Because that's part of the sleeping your way to the top. Because now if you are in a position of power, and I'm sure I'm a thousand percent sure their bylaws, we talk about condo bylaws. These niggas bylaws say if you are in a position of power, you shouldn't be having any romantic relationships with your subordinates.


Correct. So the second that you had any type, if you tongue kiss me, nigga you on a hook, I Got You. Right. I got you. But that's different than saying he forced himself on me. I know. Yeah. But now I always have that in my back pocket as my Trump card or my big joker. Yeah. To lay it out anytime anything happens. 'cause the lady also said that, yo, she said, now I'm powerful. So that's my my power. That's my Mike Tyson punch. But See my issue is how we think about this conversation. Right. This is the part where y'all gonna say this is what you was expecting. But you, you Cap I I'm ain't say that. Who have I cape for? He didn't Even open up it's fucking mouth here. I haven't cape for anybody. Now you go ahead. Go. I'm not Cap I'm saying, I'm saying, well, let me again, I'm saying that there, there's a whole system in place that, that denies women access to these jobs.


It's men who put women in by denying them jobs and saying the only way you're gonna get a job is if you have sex with me. That's a system. And so Joy did what a lot of people do in the same way Stephen from DJ did it. Right. You, it's a sexist system. But it sounds like if the allegations are true, she has replicated sexism. She has become the very person that we're trying to stop. So I'm not capable for joy to be clear. I'm saying she's wrong. If, if this is true, she's a thousand percent wrong and she should be punished the same way everybody else is. So I'm not, I'm not taking that away from her, but I'm just saying I think we should focus more on the system that makes it so that the only way a woman can be powerful is if she has a Trump card like that. As opposed to saying, I'm qualified for this job. I deserve this job. I should get this job. That, that's all I'm saying.


Even if You Right, nigga, I don fell asleep during that Whatever, man. I ain't gonna hold you man. I start snoring at that fucking Well just stay in your, just stay in your seat. I'm address I I agree with everything you said, but I, I just think the world is the world. I think people play they cards how they get dealt and, and that and that's it. But women get dealt fucked up cards is all I'm saying. I'm not disagreeing with, and they play, but they, they playing them, but, and and It is their choice. A hall of famer. Yeah. Dolphin legend. But I ain't gonna keep it. I mean yes, women get dealt fucked up cards. I I don't know if Joy falls into that boat. Even if she does, she is moving around. I don't know. Look, even if she does Joy Taylor is being talked about right now.


She earned that. However she earned it. Right. We've all done some shit. Shady shit. Questionable shit to get to a level of advancement. We all have done that. Yes. And that's just a part of the game. Now if you are saying I would, I would, I would take this. Yeah. I ain't rolling. I've been on the other side of this stick during my advancement. No, but not necessarily anything Crazy. But it don't Yeah. Niggas have done some funny shit. I'm just saying that, that if you are going to accuse somebody of some heinous shit that's fucked up, that was voluntary, that's fucked up. I agree. If That is the Case, if that's the case, that's the worst shit. That's the worst shit.


Whole Because on because on the flip side, if she's making it up, the hairdresser is making up making it up that joy never actually said those things, then that is super fucked up just to advance her. Cause I would agree. So we don't know what happened exactly. But this is a really fucked up position for joy to be in because of the fact that nobody knows. There's no, there's no video. There's no video. And there's, as far as we all know, there's no recording of that particular thing being said. And that is, I feel for s That I think enjoy the victim in this. And also I think the Victim Yes, A little bit. She getting dragged into some shit. She done ain't nothing to nobody on my, she's only the She's the victim if she didn't do it. No, she's the victim. Period.


Wait, if the suit is true, she's still the victim. Yes. Yes. What Do you, what do you mean her Is her suit, the hairdresser suit is her suit. Why you bringing other people Suit? Not suing? Are you suing a motherfucking Person? Joy is being sued for having done things to to What does she do? She do. I could fuck who I wanna fuck. Yeah. I ain't do nothing If I fucked my way to the top. That's my motherfucking business. Keep that shit over there. This was Didn't, when does my body my choice come into play for you? When does it come into play? Woohoo. You can always, you can. I don I don't have a problem with s like something in the oven. I never had flips cooking before. You Shoulda got a decent muffin.


It is first time cooking. Yeah. Philadelphia cheese Steak appetizer on chicken rolls. Spring rolls up In this cheese steak. I don I want I want you to answer him. Yeah, I am. I don't have a problem with who she fucks. If she wants to fuck everybody in that company, she can't. Okay. I don't have a problem with that. That's not my, I have no issue with that. The issue I took was the issue we were talking about with the quote, if she's not only fucking her way to the top as they say, but also creating a situation where once it stops working, she is now going to implicate the people she had sex with for, for, for basically sexual assault. That's not what she said though. She said if they try to, she said they trying to get her outta there. She said I have, He got mad because comes No it's not.


But look, mark said once it stops working. Yeah. Mark said once it stops working, then she would go file charges. That's not what she said. She said that if she started fucking the other dude and homeboy got mad and tried to use it against her and tried play about against her, she got a Trump card. Like, so if I'm fucking blah blah blah and you try to fire me for that, I got, I got something in the tub. I understand. But in essence, doesn't that necessarily mean that the plan has stopped working? No. It means that you got mad that I'm not fucking you no more and I'm, I'm fucking this person and now you're gonna try to blackmail me. You can't blackmail me 'cause I got the Trump Card. But the Trump card is to lie and say he forced himself on you. Yo, I I That said that wrong.


That's the only issue that, that that's what I'm saying issue. I said that is wrong. No, I know, but I'm saying it's a flips question. I got you understand. That's my issue with it. My issue is not who women fuck women can fuck who want. Oh yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's why I said the system to me is the issue. A system where you have to fuck your weight to the top is the problem. But I'm not blaming an individual woman for having sex on the way to the top also. So tell why she not the victim. No, go ahead. You can answer that Because of this. I I'm my critique of her is not the sex part. It is again, it's just that one line that we said is the most damning thing. Right. If she'd said that thing and was intending to do that thing, to say that the person that she voluntarily had sex with forced himself on her. I'm saying that would be, that would make her not a victim. That's the only thing I'm saying. Can one, she Never said if she's doing that in retaliation to you doing something to him, To her.


So you getting mad, then I'm fucking somebody else. Then I, and Now you're trying to cost me my job, then I can I can you I'm retaliating to you. Yeah. I I I don't believe It. I dirt with dirt or mud with mud. And I'm saying they both be fucked up the person, there's no World where I'm gonna defend that. But I understand. I'm Yeah. I'm not trying to defend him. I'm not defending that either. But It is just like she's backed in the corner. That's all I got. Because at the end of the day, you, I couldn't advance without fucking you. You made that. You made, I just wanna say for the record on the Joe button podcast, mark is the one criticizing a woman for fake allegations. Y'all are one defending her saying her backs against the wall defending. So, so when the people come out with the capes right now, I didn this cape Juggling allegations. No, I don't even know if the girl ever said it. No. This is all conditional.


This everything is conditional. And if it's true, I'm, I'm saying if this is true, that's fucked up. But if she did say it, I ain't sue a motherfucking person. My podcast was supposed to start this week. Mm. Her podcast season two was supposed to start This week. I've been pressing refresh since Monday. It'll do, I'm saying I've been looking for the new episode of Joy Taylor's podcast for a week. Like dog. Now I gotta tuck my shit, but because some shit I didn't even bring to the public Is that Her Todd with Taylor Brooks? That's the one I've been looking for. Oh yeah. No, from what I understand, Taylor has stepped away from the podcast due to increased responsibilities in her other professional endeavors. Okay. Smart. Smart. That's nothing wrong.


I know. And I do believe that. And I do believe that. Yeah. She got her Amazon show, blade Griffin, they bringing all they spending money. She's Taylor Rooks is a rising star. Shout out to Taylor. I'm not mad at her wanting to get far the fuck away from any of This. And here's the other thing about Taylor Rooks, in comparison to Joy, everybody, it seemed to open up the conversation about how statistically how many women actually take advantage of, you know, the abuse and power and, and being a part of the system and sleeping their way, their way to the top. This is now being made to women are being made to seem like this is a regular occurrence and this, this is what a lot of women do. And I don't agree with that.


I don I don't think a lot of women do it. I think the SI Think some women do it. I think the system makes successful too. But I think that, I think there's such a, I think there's such a, I think there's such a risk involved with doing it because a, you can fuck a motherfucker on any, he said, you know what, I'm not gonna give you Shit that times. I know at the beginning of times, a, a woman would throw her weight around and the weight would be the vagina. When if, if a man is not really giving into her intellect or what she could bring to the table, women throw pussy around in these offices. I, I I, I I disagree. I, I I disagree. I mean, I, I give you a perfect, I'll give you a perfect example. Right. When I worked at Fox News, I worked on, so can I say something? Sorry, can I say this? Yeah, I can say this. I worked on the O'Reilly Factor with Bill O'Reilly.


Right. Traitor. I was on the visiting team. I was, I was, I was the one to argue with it. And, and, and I would come on and see these different very articulate, attractive, conventionally attractive blind white women debating him. And they all had regular spots. And as the years went on, almost all of them that I knew sued him for sexual harassment and said that the only way they could get that job was either to have sex with Bill. I'm sorry, they sued Fox, not bill some suit. Bill some sued Fox. And they said it was either to have sex with Roger Ailes to have sex with Bill O'Reilly, all these people. Were they qualified? Yes. Were they talented? Yes. But there were a lot of people who also were qualified and talented.


So out of a hundred, maybe them four made it to the top. So 96 women to males point don't do it. But the four that do it, four that won and, and that, that's part of the, that's part of the system. So most women don't sleep their way to the top. I didn, underst said my sister. So I'm sorry. But, but then your math is off. 'cause wouldn't you only need to look at the women that made it to the top. Exactly. And not the entire field To to determine what, To determine how many of them slept their way to the top versus how many of the, the rest, rest of field Don't get to the top because They don't get to the top. Right. But you just left. I don I don't presume that everybody, I'm, I don't presume that everybody at the top has slept their way. I'm saying just in that particular case, But your percentages, it wouldn't be 96 didn't, it would be how many women are at the top number and now how many of those, I'm sorry, I wasn't clear when the other, I'm saying that there were lots of women who appeared on the show.


I was the four are the ones who got a regular spot. They all appear, they all were TV people. So they're all in the business. But I'm saying to get to the best jobs and that, that the top of the top, those are the ones I think that are often getting dropped out to do this. Do you think that the, the women that do get to the top, they go in there with the intent of I know what he wants. I know what I have to give them to get here. I tell you this, I I don't, I don't know. I can tell you, I've just having in my own personal experience having dated women in the business. Yeah. When they come home, I know the stories they tell me about what, What they endure. What they endure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I heard that as well. Okay. And, and, and it's, and it's actually rare that I don't hear some inappropriate shit. Listen, I know y'all having a really intelligent conversation right now.


Ish. Do you wanna say something before I say something totally ignorant? Because I'm gonna say something real ignorant. Go Ahead. Now. You got it. I don't wanna just shit on the women that are fucking they way to the top. Is that 'cause a good part of me says you should, you gotta probably be pretty good at fucking, if you fuck your way to the top, You don't I don't know that. Hold On. I'm gonna tell you. I'm gonna tell you why you don't, that's not true. Because a lot of the men who are doing the fucking are like a million years old and when you get a certain age. So it's Good to them. Well, I'm saying is you ain't gotta be good at fucking, you just gotta be young. Like a lot of times it's their ego. You're fucking their age. You know what I mean? When you turn 60, you get a 25 year girl.


She ain't gotta be that good at fucking for it to be a thing for you. That's, I'm Listen, they say don't judge it. Go ahead. You are wrong. A nigga that is worth, I'm gonna throw, throw a number. I'm gonna let you throw the number out. A nigga that's worth 30 million, he's fucked up. But if that's his thing, he can fuck a hundred, 200, 320 something euro old pretty women. Yeah, But it's power You. Yeah. No, don't Move the goalpost. I'm not. If you have that much money, you could fuck a bunch of young women. Yeah. And only a few of those young women you selected to move to the top. That means those women presented something that the other 98 did not. Yeah. You said among that pool. I, I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying. So the ones to Joe's point, and this is some ignorant shit, I'm just going to say, Oh yeah, a little bit better.


They fucked better, feel better than the other ones that was fucking them. Maybe. You know what? I don't know. You know, I, they got the tricks. They got the tricks, bro. Dog. We all been single men before. We fucked a lot of women before. I could speak to every nigga in this room. I know 'em, they fucked some quality women. They fucked a bunch of women before. It's a few women that got extra perks. It's a few women that you would get out the bed at three o'clock. You don't The trick speak. You don't think they do the tricks. You don't think that you speak from a privileged position. No, I think I I speak from a male position. No, you speak from a privileged Position, not a man. I don't have to be, I have fucking eyes. You speak from a privileged position of being fucking attractive Hanon bro. Oh, you Know what I'm saying? You could be broke and a bitch is gonna fuck you when we're, when you're looking, when you look like Roger fucking Ailes.


You know what I'm saying? It's the power and the money that you use to abuse in order to get the pretty young girls to fuck you. That's basically it. That's the only reason why she would Melyssa Ford. Who you think get more pussy. Me or Rick Ross. I actually cannot answer that question confidently. I bet you Can't. I bet you can't. I mean, currently you are in an afi. So probably him what Speaks to my point, who you think have more pussy in they life. Me or Trick daddy. Any, any nigga Would come through. Wow. Like what? So what's your point? The look, I truly, I truly do not. I cannot make that. No disrespect. Daddy, You right about that. You right about that. No disrespect to Rick Ross, but Melyssa, it's not a privilege to be attractive when you start talking about these particular settings.


It's money, power, respect. When talking about the money and the power that shit don't have respect. Nothing To Respecting looks. Exactly. That shit don't have nothing to do with when a woman is moving around for a man, I got 40, 50, 60, $70 million. How you look might just be a cherry on a Sunday. Okay? This particular case, Charlie Dixon, I don't believe that he's worth 20, 30, 40 million fucking dollars. He might not be the Power Gatekeeper. He's a gatekeeper. He, he has power. He's A gatekeeper. Okay? He, he might, he might be the conduit to you making 10, 20 million, 30 million. And he is, which is why Joy was also wrong and not just the victim here. Because when he allegedly touched the makeup artist inappropriately, she reported it.


Reported she told it to joy and Joy said, let it go. She said, don't, don't Rock the boat. Don't rock the boat again. If, if, if, if It's not wrong, mark, If, listen to me. If, if we had a makeup artist here and that person, which clearly We Don't, clearly we don't, it's Very clear. This couldn't be more obvious that we, we do not. But If, if I did something inappropriate to that makeup artist and then they go to you or Joe or Mel or somebody and say, yo, mark did it. And she said, yo don't say shit. This a fuck up your job, blah, blah, blah, blah. That's a, that's a power dynamic. That's wrong. It's not just an opinion. That's wrong. That's not true. Now I don't wanna sound like a creep. Yo, it's wrong for somebody to do that to you.


Yes. Now, if you come to me as a friend and say, yo Parks did X, Y, z to me, I'm gonna quit as your friend, I might say, yo dog, you have children, yo dog, you have a mortgage, yo dog, you just got engaged. You have all of these things. Right. Don't make a emotional, irrational decision without thinking it through. But that's apples and oranges. No, It is. We're peers. We're peers. If a makeup artist does it, the make the, the host has the ability to decide whether the makeup artist works or not. It's a power dynamic. It would that that's why it's not apples to apples it. You see what I'm saying? Point That's a great point. That's all I'm saying. If I said yo Parks I showed you on the dog Parks keeps touching me and I go to, I don't like being, I keep hands yourself.


Right. And I go to Joe and say, yo Joe Parks. And he says, yo, leave that shit alone. Right. That's a power dynamic. I don't do this stuff, by the way, no Parks has yet to touch Me. I'm not disagreeing with you, but I'm saying that we not gonna sit here and just act phony. Like niggas won't be like, yo, turn the other way for somebody. Or she could be telling her, yo, if you make a make an issue here, this could fuck up your job and future jobs. This is because of who he is. But this is, I'm trying to look out for you. Like, yo, I get It. Yeah, but your boss can't do that. I said It better than me. That's where I was going. I said it better than that. I get it. And it could have been some friendship that she said it, but This literally is a description as to the culture that she's talking about. Right. And the culture being extremely toxic and chauvinistic and imbalanced.


That's literally the law. The lawsuit. Right. Yeah. But if there's no toxic cultures, then there'll be no more docs. That's a very good point. Twitter would be boring. Yeah. Like I want the Fox Sports doc. I was grateful for the Luigi Man Doc already got a doc from Yeah, they got some shit Hulu, right? Yeah. You know, you know it. That Should be a week later Impact. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But wait, hold on a second here. How did Jamele catch a strike? Because I know you were defending her on Twitter. Oh yeah. Be because because AB said ain't nobody wanna fuck Jemele Out of nowhere. What's Wrong with him? That's the Thing. Aren't Like why, why That shit ain't have to happen?


Man, that shit corny, man. I don this Shit. Do they have, do they have issues with each other? He doesn't like Jemele. Apparently he told me later 'cause he, he, he hit me afterward after I responded and said yo, because I said to him, I said, yo, why you coming outta sister? Like, did that shit corny? Right. And he was like, but it's okay when she comes at me. But it's like she was criticizing you for your behavior on the court, on the field. Excuse me. She was criticizing your antics. That's different than just saying, I don know outta nowhere. Nobody wants to fuck Jel. Like that's, that's not cool. I don't like guys, It's not cool at all. Yeah, it's not. I hate, I hate y'all niggas, man. Nah, somebody cut off. Yeah, I'm shooting right back, nigga This way. Shooting back. When she come at him, That's, I mean, she did shoot back, but why the fuck should she have to, she is a fucking, she's an accomplished, intelligent, wants dignified married fucking woman.


Leave her the fuck out of this. She was minding her own business. Mine just like trick daddy was a few minutes ago. If she, if she, if she, I love Jemele Hill, but shout to Jemele, but if a nigga with CTE wanna crack a joke, then I'm, I can't, I might laugh, take it to the house, nigga. I might laugh. Like we know that Antonio Brown is a couple screw screwdriver short of a toolbox. Mm. And you just gotta, I was laughing at you. Me and my girl had a blast laughing at you because you'll take up the fight. You'll talk to the CTE dude like, yo, my brother trying to reason with us. Yo. Yeah. P You're talking about you're talking to our sister Antonio Brown.


I know, I know, I know. It's, I don't do it. 'cause I think Antonio Brown gonna act different. It's more so that the people watching this conversation I understand. Get something from it. Like, yo, we ain't gotta do this shit. We ain't gotta do drop bys. Mark's Such a great guy. Yeah. Shout to Jemele Hill. Listen again. More ignorant takes from Joe. I I wish that fucking your way to the top for women were more popular today than putting essay on men because that's been the game for the last, for the, for the last, I wanna say post pandemic since since pandemic. It seemed like some women can just throw a lie on you and it sticks.


It sticks. Your career's ruined. I get my, my nut of this money and I'm, and we go, I'm, I got a little pushback. Give it to me and You know I'm real. I Usually Right. Give it to me on this. That's kind of the get back, the pendulum swinging the other way now. Yeah. Like y'all have had all of this power for all of these decades and now we getting a little bit of the power back. I wish there was another way. It's unfortunate. This really bothers Me. I wish there was another way for why It bothers you Ma'am. It bothers me because the, the real losers in this situation are actually victims of sexual assault. You Right. These are the only, these are the only losers in this particular situation because they very, very few cases where a woman does what joy is alleged to do or had been planning to do or carried out.


These are the ones that make the big fucking headlines and everyone's like, see look, the pendulum swing too, too far in the other direction. Me too was fucking bullshit. This is what bitches do. And it's like, no it's not. Okay. There's a few, there's a few fucked up apples in the bunch of women that are actually victims and this does nothing to help their cause. Agree. And that's what really frustrates me. Agree. This particular part of this. I agree with convers thing you're saying. I'm just saying that, that the few is bigger than what we say. We'll never ever, ever have like a gr full grasp of what the statistics actually are. We'll just never know. It's not possible. Yeah. 'cause so many women that have been assaulted or God, God knew not to gimme no pussy.


Let me outta pussy. Shit. Fuck ring to the tops. Oh God. You might had yo, you might have had some trash. Oh my Lord. Shit, you never know. You know what I'm saying? Like that's Your box might Have been trash. Every girl think they shit is Fired. Well then you gotta learn to do something with the trash. Right. Go look at, go look at skip new followers, put some pot oil in that thing. You lying. You go look. They was like how five bitch like So all y'all were giving up for 1.5. They were giving up for a fucking apple pie. See See Nigga we saw you after the fake lotto game, you would give it up for 1.5. Enough of you. Oh y'all niggas would I would we seen you?


I absolutely would. Okay. If skip catch me on the right day right now. Like Nah. The funny shit they said, They said flip was like flip Set. I mean not flip. Skip said ain't you Muslim Yo that was white. That's crazy. Yeah, Four wives. Wait and that's my topic That I've been, that I've been suppressing but I'm in a future episode. I'm coming with the Muslim Freaks. The one that I can't say it. Yeah. But The ones that we say Don't say Don don't say it. Stop. Don't say it bro. Just let it go. I followed something.


I've had a few of Them. Some of the Muslim Freaks right? Yeah. Yeah. I grew up in Muslim community. I grew up, I had spent much of my life in the Muslim community and yeah there's some, you know what's The Muslim freak? That's the new church freaks. The old church different church. You, It is different Church. Oh my. What's Skip wife name too? Some old shit like Gretchen. Ernestine. Ernest? Yeah. Ernestine, Winifred. Phyllis. Phyllis. Oh my lord. Oh man. Rest in peace Aunt Phyllis. I lost my aunt a couple days ago. I love you. She's transitioned in a much better place now. So shout out to Aunt Phyllis out to my family for sure. Oh yeah, if your the wife name is Gretchen or some shit trash box A a skip.


If your name is Ernest thing, you got a trash spot. Hold on. You you now you go see the houses that was built in 1931 Foundation. They got good, good foundation there. Good. Yo Look the by She ain. Don't make no house bedroom don't even be this size. I'm telling you We on the video. Your grandmother got some Good Mouth Skin. What more Somebody said that to They You. That's crazy. That Some Good Mouth Skin. I want laugh. I want to take a moment to laugh.


And this is a dude that I'll never bring up on this broadcast but today I'll make an exception. Did y'all hear what Jason Whitlock says? Yes. Yo. Yes. I hate that nigga. Now I've seen everything as it relates to this 'cause I've been searching Joy Taylor since last whenever this news broke. But I say wait, Hold on. Lemme you said that Shit publicly. Lemme play it. That was wild. He said that shit Publicly. I know what I'm capable of. Fuck That big rack of hers that she showed off that Peanut butter. It's just, and that peanut butter skin with that big rack like Jay keep your disc.


Don't play it again. Who is this? So Matt, what's he capable? Holy hold Up. Shit hold up. Lemme play it again. I know what I'm capable of. And that big rack of hers, she showed off constantly. Peanut butter skin. It's just, and that peanut butter skin with that big rat With that big Keep your dis. So my, my question is, hey Jason a og hey a like what you capable of? I wanna ask that to Mel. What ask wasn't male. You see how confident he is Jason Whitlock? Yeah. Why you think that come from just a foreign place?


I think it's the Kruger Dunning effect. The who now? The what? Freddy K. Freddy Kruger. Freddy Kruger got alive nigga. Fred Freddy Kruger got a yeah The Mifflin mark. Nope it's all you. Yo, why does Jason Whitlock think that he would've went to went to town on Joy Taylor? You know Jason Whitlock got some bread, got some fame and probably is accustomed to giving it out. Well that's what he said about two minutes after that clip. He said throughout my time in the business, women have come to me a lot and offered me stuff for like in exchange for, for a TV position. Which speaks to what we saying. You ain't gotta be the beauty spot to be Getting getting at call camera yo And shout out to y'all.


Right. This mad girl out there in offered me some pussy to get a pod. A pod deal. Po. Hey come up here for a second. We we sitting on them? Nah, no, No shit on them. Oh. I'm about To say I Get to it my, I walk out get to it, get to it. I'm going back vacation. Oh man. Yeah but if you're gonna do it to chase what's boss? My bad, my bad. I didn mean what I didn but it's called for she exchanging, she exchanging Goods, bitches, services, bitches will give it up to come pop man. Girls Was fucking a promoter in the club. Yes. Were what we talking about on tv? Yeah. Talk about it. Can we talk about some of the dudes the girls used to fuck that's hate right?


No because I'm not mad at the girl fucking the promoter. The girl that fucked the photographer inside. It was like come on. Nah that's seven Days. Seven nights now. When that shit was out seven day, seven nights. Seven nights was oh what's popping down? All the parties. All the parties suck. She rat on us up. What? I am Not Mel What you say? You better, you better on cover like back Yeah not you. No seven days. Seven ninth. Them bitches was in Mars. 2112. Where they pussy hanging out To be on the front page of the website for everybody See you. Yeah. Not on page 97 And Every time y'all bring something up, I feel like it was one of the best times in my life.


It was. You said March 21 much. Seven Day. Seven nights. What's popping.net? Johnny Nunez Good times. Listen my my heart goes out to Joy Taylor. I do think it's a shame that she's getting dragged more than Skip a thousand. A thousand. I think I agree with that. She should not be getting dragged more. That's the patriarchy. That's the patriarchy. Skip. Skip is just getting these jokes like oh this nigga paying out a million and half a pussy. But like if Skip has was one of the most powerful people at FS one. If he would, if he did what he was alleged to do, his shit to me is paid for pussy. Yo like yeah but you can't pay your employees for pussy. Niggas pay. You can't nigga you be married for man long, you go through mad shit.


If shit can come in easy, just go ahead and pay then get a sex worker. I'm not get sex worker. Listen, no, they're sex workers. There's no thrill. Second, listen, there's no truth. What the fuck Are you talking The truth? Mark? You, you can't Fuck that work for you. There's no job. Listen, if I work in TV, I can't fuck. There's no moonlight by the moonlight. There's really no, your employees, there's really no thrill in somebody that gives it up easy. Like sometimes the chase is good nigga, you hear what he said. Not your in the, in the suit. The skip says the more you say no, the more I want you. Yeah. That's the, that's the beginning of time nigga. Nigga, that that's predatory It is wrong. Yes, we know predatory and all that shit.


But listen, niggas pay for sex bro. Nigga for said if at first don't succeed, dust yourself off and try again. Niggas pay not to have a headache. There's a lot of shit niggas pay for. But why they gotta work for you. I'm not saying don't pay for pus because It is co. I have no issue with people. 'cause you're not going outside nigga. It's convenient. You right there. It is convenient. You look good. You in my face. Listen, I got 1.5 of you. Shut the fuck up. Gimme some pussy. Whatever you want. Nobody wants to stop him. It is Daddy stop. You think that's why should I be stopped? Because it's the truth. It happens. No fucking coworkers, no one is saying it don't happen. We saying it's wrong. Lot of aggression. Listen, I don't want no smoke bro. I'm just saying I don smoke. It is not supposed to happen. But that's life mark. That's all I'm saying. You acting like it's far.


I was wrong. Yes, it's wrong nigga. Yeah. Fuck up. This shit been happening since Cleopatra days, nigga. I don even know what the Fuck that means. But we, the beginning of the time we we making it normal. I'm saying don't you thought Marilyn Monroe was the greatest actress. Exactly. She actually Was a Pretty, she was a good actress. But you thought Marilyn else She was great at, she Said Happy Birthday to the president front of the nigga. White nigga Great Wife was there. She great vocalist. There You go. There you go. Marilyn Monroe sing Happy Birthday while the nigga wife was there, nigga. Timeless, Timeless, classic. She ain't Give a fuck Bro. I got two others I wanna move on. Anytime I start agreeing with put too much, Come on fly. That's fair. Ain't gonna do anything.


Let's get out of this. Nah, all this issues, this shit was so juicy. You just can't fuck your employee. Just I agree with you. Just don't fuck where you want. Even what he saying? I said as a good rule of thumb, boy, all this shit, this is how Shannon Sharp is not in, in, in any drama right now. He he's not, he's not named in the suit at all. No. And that's what he said. Oh, okay. Okay. I'm not, I'm not, I don't know nothing about anything else I'm saying just don't fuck people with you work At. Yeah. I heard what Jason Whitlock had to say about Yeah. Jason Whitlock is, I mean I don't listen to Jason Whitlock unless he's talking about people that I do listen to. Right. Going at Stephen A is some shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Jason would like be saying wild. I mean, and What I will say is this, we're not getting rid of fucking coworkers by the way.


That's never happen. Yeah. That's not gonna happen. I'm not saying you have to. I'm just saying if you wanna be safe. Sure. It is. It is a good rule of, It's good advice. You know what? Fucking Your employees is always a bad. Does everybody here feel like you should not fuck your coworker? No. At my, at my mature age, yes. When I was younger, No Shit. Yeah. Now Mark. Now Yeah. Ish. No flip. No, no. I'm I'm against them. No. Fuck your coworker. Yeah. Fuck you talking about. We both grown Ish. How about your employees though? No, I won't Fuck my employees. I've never fucked none of my tenants in my life. My tenant have come Door neighbors, neighbors, coworkers. You can't fuck them. Little Mexican close To home. Shit Gone.


Shit. They, they might feel like they don't need to build that house so fast. They got some leverage. This, this is what I, this is what I was saying. I'm not, I'm not wishing nothing on nobody. But when I watch E-S-P-N-I could see it. Yeah, you are for Sure. I've been saying That for like a year. I don a watch for, I've been saying that shit longer than that. I've been saying it for, for a long time on this. When I watch, like I could see through the onscreen shit. Yeah. It be shit to see It do The show behind the show. So of course I don't want ESPN to have to go through that. But I'm assuming that many companies had meetings and you know, talks.


Yes. About Lot of'em avoid some of these things. Reinforced reinforcement. Any type of, if you have any relations, y'all have to disclose that you has to be a disclosure immediately. Anything y'all kiss, we gotta know about it. 'cause now the company gotta be have somewhere to be protected. Right. Because if that employee come back or somebody come a little waiver. Yeah, yeah. Y'all have to sign off so that company's not held liable with whatever y'all do. And The problem is they can't sign. 'cause most of these executives that do It is married. Yes indeed. There you go. I don't have anything else on the map. I think I've said all the ignorant shit that I need to say about it. Do what you gotta do to get shout out to the coworkers that are fucking out there. For sure. Shout out to the girl to the fucking they way. To the top top.


But doing it the right way. How About the, the news, the two people on the news that was fucking Each other that got, that got fired. Remember them? They didn't Disclose it to the, the white lady and, and the black, the black guy. A I don know the story. I don't know the story. Oh, okay. Oh yes you do. You know the story. Just tell me the story. I don't know. You Don't remember? Because America, It is called Coors from Oh, famous. Oh, you talking about TJ and Oh Look, that's your man. Yeah. Oh, tj. TJ Hold. But he get a pass. He get A pass. No, I, my issue with tj, there's two issues, right. One is a is a professional issue. It wasn't him fucking his co-host. Amy something. Amy Something. And they wasn't just fucking had a relationship. They had a Relationship. They left their, but he was accused of also fucking the producers, the intern, all these other people.


Let me ask you this, That, that would be my issue. Fucking your co-host is fine if everybody's an adult. Lemme Let, lemme take it off gold. If you're a record exec, can you fuck your artist? No, I don't. I don't think you should. Yeah. I I I think it's always fucked. I think it's always fucked up. I get it happens and I guess sometimes it's genuine but I think it's fucked up. Okay. Yeah. That's my only question. It wasn't a trick Question. Yeah. Yeah. I just think it's generally, generally fucked up. 'cause usually some It is hard to be consensual. It's hard to be consensual when there's a power dynamic. That's the point. Or or it's a gray area where you don't know if It is actually consensual. Right. Because she might be or he might be fucking you and assuming everything It is Power, dynamical with Intent, person parts, power dynamic. Everyone's okay with everything. It can get sticky and bad for business.


Yeah, I agree. And relationships end. It's just, It is just a bad rule of thumb in general. Skip Dykeman, the junction. Dc DC Atlanta, Atlanta, Atlanta, LA Vegas. Plenty of places you could buy some pussy for less than 1.5. You buy a lot of pussies for all houses. Look for Less than one point for 1.5. You could probably get all the puss. 1,500. The fuck you talking about Lord. 1500. Get it done. Hey man, go to Dr. Hey we got some girls right there indictment, nigga. They got you go to NY. What you, you gotta get on no boat. The fuck you talking about? Yo, don't gotta get on no plane. Come right to New York.


My, my heart goes out to all parties involved. Indeed. Shout to the hairdressers spilling that tea. Ooh she spill the shit. It is hot When The tea get hot, all You gotta do is talk to the hairdresser, Not shout to her. That's it. That shit was pepper tea nigga fuck The limp. Wait, why not shout to her for blowing the lid off of this fucking organization that this ring nigga she Lost her job. Don't bring, don't bring shorty into that. Well she got smoke with shorty. That's all I read from that. Yeah. Don't bring shorty into that. You could do all of that with the entity, with the network, with all of that without bringing joy into that. Nah, I got smoke boys. I disagree. And she possibly could have like left her name like One of the, she got 20 anonymous, 25 John do on there as well. But Yeah, the joy, the Joy anonymous, The joy stuff adds to, adds to the credibility of her story.


Right. And it's one of her beefs. Like I went to the person who I work for and she told me to not to cover it up, to cover it up. Like that's a legitimate like concern. You could still say that without saying all that other shit too. Word. Something I agree with. That's Why I think She just On blast. She wanted put She put on blast. Nah, I think she's making a case. She's like, look, the only way she, she got this job by fucking fucking Acho allegedly this person, she got this job by fucking this dude basically saying the only way in this company you can advance is by fucking somebody. Listen, That's your only example. There ain't this hate if you were the hairdresser. That's your only example. Exactly. Maybe that's the only thing got, That's the only example. This is the culture. This is the culture here. There's more than just Joy Taylor that was allegedly doing that. And you got 25 jo. Those here, here.


Here's Why though. Fuck outta here. Here's why. Because you got gossip. It is the difference between gossip and saying, she told me this directly. Like when I was in Fox, I knew a lot of people Bill O'Reilly was fucking right. But I didn, I Bill didn't tell me that. You know what I mean? So I couldn't do that. But I could look at, but when somebody was telling me something directly, I could put that in my You Wasn't a hairdresser though. But that's what I'm saying. A the Hairdresser get it. They get all the gossip from Everybody. That's it man. That's right. That's right. She took a nigga from, she took a nigga from old girl. She had a beef over. Yeah dude. Seem like us. Fuck that. A personal shit. I'm telling you. Nigga got Acho had a long day, boy. Hey, hey Acho. Hey you, you can't delete it fast enough buddy. Nah, Yo nah, they kept the files. He had some horny ass videos man.


See, but I, my heart always goes out to the person that's home in bed cuddling with the current person that they fucking and some old shit pop up. And now it just rocked your whole Netflix and shit. They out Shit Joy shit too. Hmm. They pulled out joy shit when she was like, yo, let's keep it a buck. Oh yeah, the clips. Yeah. The dude that's handsome. The dude that got some money, the dude that got some power, he got a way longer leash to fuck up than the other people will overlook some shit. The red flags go away when the nigga got money, power or they really, really good looking. That's, she said Somebody tweeted, why y'all surprised about this joy shit? Like she's not from Miami. Now that's horrible to say and it's not funny, but boy, But I understand Chris Rock said, but I understand Ocean.


Ocean. I Miami that dying on the corner again. I'm Miami. Oh my Lord. Man, listen, my heart goes out to all Yeah. Tar My heart have the most fun in Cleveland or whatever. Tariq. You gotta be careful what you wish for Kansas City. Yeah. You gotta be careful what you wish for. Yeah. What else? What else, what else is important? Unimportant. We had a little breakthrough. What happened? We, we started doing our kitchen talk as normal and, and, and, and Mr My, my dear guy has, has been converted. I I wouldn't go that far. I converted. I wouldn't go that far. I'm fucking with, I wouldn't go that far. No. But, but Corey made an interesting point, which was that when Joy got into the business, they were, she wasn't a powerful personator.


She was a part-timer. She was a fill in and that she got the makeup artist, the the job on her show. On her show. And that they, and neither of 'em had any power and that they were, they were friends and, and so their dynamic and conversation was more as friends than as a boss to employee. I think that's a great point. That Changes the dynamic. That changes a lot. It does. That changes a whole, a whole piece of that Even. And that goes to what I said when, when she tells her these things, I'm talking to you as a friend saying, yo, don't make no ripples. Don't make no waves because this could fuck you up. And shorty goes on to say that every time she went to dinner, when she would pull up in the restaurant, it was joy in the Dixon Dickerson, whatever the guy's name. Charles Dixon. So I'm inviting you in here as my home girl.


We friends, we got a personal relationship after hours. I'm inviting you as my home girl. You know, I'm not trying to be funny girl. That nigga got some money girl. Come on here, get that caviar on that shrimp girl. That nigga be paying for anything. Get the time off like, you know how the shit go. Like we acting like we don't know how that shit go. That Go too though. Don't say shrimp again. It's triggering. What? How's that go? A three, three Dickinson might have got that might have been dicking. He was dick. Yeah, but so I, I think that that, that's a very good point. Yeah. You are a freak. Yo. Who you a Crazy, I'm a realist just like you.


Yeah. Rich niggas. You vanilla freak though. You a freak but you freak. I ain't freaky You mad Freaky. I'm not. You always got these little sound faces. Yeah. Silly. But I, I'm podding but dog, we know rich niggas get the grease. They get to it. Yes, yes they do. Fuck yo, you and you, we were just talking about that at the other spot. Lemme say Yo, straighten up. What were we talking about Don? Shit, I'm saying about guys with power that will come into a room and put the girls on the pj Yo, you and you, you come, we no Saying you and you, you, you, you, you, you and all TURPs. Yeah. Do y'all not think I'm speaking to the men now? I wish trying be funny. She did a breath That was Funny. She did love. She said, I did not do shit.


Do y'all not think? Well everybody in here is involved but in the event that you were not, do power dynamics come into play with most people You fuck, even if they don't work with you just because of who y'all are? Oh, you Talking now? I said don't up here before y'all killed me. In every relationship there is an alpha Good job Ish in every man, woman, man, man, woman, woman relationship. There's an alpha. So there's a lot of relationships where the woman might be the power dynamic. It's a lot of women that wear the pants in these relationships. Well that's why that's a power dynamic. You, you're right. That's why I do want to ask Mel too, the, the same thing. Yeah. Like in in your romantic affairs, outside of work, do you feel like there's a power dynamic with you?


Or do you feel like no. Like you are who you are? No, no. I don't, I wouldn't classify it as a power dynamic more than I would classify it as somebody maybe just having a tendency to manipulate. What do you think about that Mark? How, I don't know. I I I don I don I don't, I don I don know enough about hell. I don dunno enough about Mel's personal relationships to, to know the answer to that. But do you think that her, that all of my ig posts are manipulation? No. For Fuck's sake. No. I I haven't seen her, I haven't had the privilege of seeing her ig too much.


I just thought I hadn't bothered ads. 'cause I'm trying to support the show. Thank you. Good boy, mark. Y'all can't fuck with Mark at all. Y'all can't Fuck that nigga gonna break the press by himself. Nigga come to the, but this for Mark for winning Rookie of the year. The JBP round of applause for Mark who won the rookie the year. The J Thank you. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you. Thank you. Smoke Dani and Jwan. That's a money second year I thought. Huh? I thought this was a money second year. Clean it up for him. Parks, I'm trying to clean it up. Smoke Dani's boots on the rookie of the year vote a lot less games played, still wanted over Ebu.


Lemme keep the applauses going for me. You know what I mean? I want one best dressed out this bitch. You know what I mean? Okay. Come on man. I gotta take what I can tell you what I can, you know what I mean? All y'all don't seem happy, but all right, move on. Move on. Lemme move on. It's fine, it's Fine. This, this is all I was gonna say to tie this up is that power's everywhere, every relationship got power. Every dynamic as part, whether it's money, whether it's influence, whether it's looks, somebody's more attractive, somebody got more options. There's always power. Education, Education, communication. Always Power. The question to me is, is the power coercive? Does this power force your hand in ways that aren't fair? That's the only thing I care about. For example, like when you, if you, if you, if you can't date a co, I'm using that as an example because I, you know, I spend a lot of time in prisons.


You can't date a co. Right? Because people do. They definitely do. No, no I don't. And fall in love. They they do. But again, to me that's always co There's no way to know until you leave that prison. You know what I know. Whether you ever, whether it's whether it's fair or not. The Part that I don't like about that take is power is, is Mark won too. Is cunning. Power is silent. Power is power can coerce you without a word being said. Sure. For. So mark That on. My only issue with that, Every girl you've dated, no disrespect, you know, this is my people's butt. Yo. Every girl or a percentage I, we Your peoples nigga watch You knows my wife, you know, watch Out nigga. I'm saying I'm not being disrespectful to I don fuck nigga.


Most women you've dated, you've been smarter than Except my wife. Yeah. Like I said, Not not, not mo many, not mo not not all, except not All. I ain't say all but Ended it up nigga. So that, that is a power dynamic. Morgan B Used his brains Used back in the day. Exactly. Back in the day, nigga The Coors. What we did, what we did, We on No, nah, nah. Anyway. Yo fam, so if you're saying that power is coercive when you are talking to a girl and you come yo dog, now let's, No, I feel what you're saying. We friend up here. But here's the question. Here's the question. We've talked Our way into some pussy Maybe. Sure. That's your bad. But is that power is that It's coercion?


Yes. You are using, you are mentally manipulating somebody see, to potentially do something that they see you convince somebody to give you some Pussy. Convincing isn't coercing. That's the difference. Yeah. I can charm somebody into, into making a choice. That's different than it's not Coercion. No, no, no. This word no, no. What I, what I'm talking about my therapist would agree with. I'm talking, talking about, I'm talking people operating against your therapist Told you the exact very exact same thing. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. With regards to dating younger women. It's true Joe. You are way more intelligent than them. You speak better than them. That's so you mentally manipulate somebody. You move the goalpost by saying the, that the person is younger. You Coercion is the practice. They don't have to be younger. Lemme give. You have to be, Give some definition.


Coercion is the practice of persuading someone to do something by using force or threats. Oh, that's So it's not, not co. So we gonna take that out. So t definitely not co but The the force, that's why I said when you're somebody's boss, that's Coercion. No, no, No. Oh, okay. Yeah. We had A different Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's, it's Definitely not forceful or, Or you can all, we always talking ourselves into stuff and charming and convinced. That's, that's the world. I ain't, I don't got no problem with that. I just don't want people to be in situations where they, they feel like they gotta fuck their boss or they feel like they gotta fuck this person. I Think that's the R word. I, I, i sure. Okay. You know, I don dunno if I would use that word, but I think that's the R word at the very, If you to fuck me or you fired. I think that's the R word. At The very least It is harassment. At the very least. There's a gray area there too because that's what It is presented that way.


On the other side, you have people that say, Hey, if I fuck him, I, Mike can advance a little bit. I might can do this or that. That ain't coming from the, the, the, the powerful person. You Right. That's the subordinate. The subordinate looking to get it or going in there trying to extent in heard stories of them wearing You. Right. Certain things to an interview. Girls were doing that shit in college. You get their grades changed. Get the Exactly. They was pulling up all joy Taylor's old outfits that she wore to work every one of 'em. That's crazy. That's crazy. Were they provocative And it's fucked up? Hmm. I ain't see it because They ain't gonna let you on the air unless you dress like I Was just getting ready to say we know. Yeah. They don't let you on the air. If you dress like Ellen but you, you, you gotta wear that shit to get on. And she's from Miami. Well that's the system you're talking about.


Yeah, That's what I'm saying. The whole thing is fucked up. That's all I'm saying. It ain't joyful. It ain't nobody. It's The system. I believe that that Skip is powerful enough to not have to pay 1.5 to Fuck one point new shit. I think so too. Yeah. Have we seen No dog? If Robert Kraft ain't gotta do it, skip ain't gotta do it. And he makes skip look like a welfare case. Facts. Yeah. I I just think yeah, but He was going to the fucking rub and tug. Sometimes You just Gotta, meaning He was going to the place where there was expectation of there being a transactional sexual encounter. Sometimes, sometimes wifey had to rub and talk. Now that's as people consistent clientele.


I'm going here for Barbara, She Shannon, She ain. How we getting there? Six. Damn. Yo. Yo. Shannon aint here. Damn the fuck Going over there to get that Nancy Reagan man. Hey look ice. Wow. Nice. Perfect way. Nice. What that means? I don't know what that means. She's the victorious. Nancy Reagan was the throat goat known as the throat goat? Yeah. In Hollywood. In Hollywood. Wait, What are you talking about? Yes. And That mouth her took her to the White House. Facts. Facts. What'd you say? Like Good Mouth Skin. Inside, inside, inside Skin. That's a, that's a known thing. Yeah. I never heard that before. It's a Google Wolf. Her biographer said Yeah, she used to be known on the M GM lot. Not just for doing it at night but doing it in the offices.


Well where the fuck is she at? Dead. Sorry. She's, she passed away And she, if she didn't pass away nigga, she would be well within her eighties and nineties Better. Hold on. You saying A grandma tell you what happened when Thees come out There take the, Don't you ever do that again? Take ice Going go. Wow. He can't. Exactly. I ain't trying. He can't stop Shit. Exactly The fuck was that. Damn Reagan for real. Reagan. Yeah. She was a beast nigga. She was, she was like celebrated for it. Like she was like the tough Yeah, she Was own tough.


She was Superhead before Superhead. Yeah. She's, I'm not even, and I ain't mad at Superhead neither. Nope. I ain't none of us mad at Superhead, but only one person here to just be mad. I'm mad at Super. I'm waiting for the Superhead app of Hot and Bothered is what I'm waiting for. Yeah. Do Y'all have beef? I'll be good. Hold up. No, we don't have beef. They have beef. Aren. We don't have Beef. They have beef. We don't have beef. Melyssa is mad at what Super Head's book did to all of the video. Vix. Okay. I'm not mad Yet. She has, she has feelings that she hasn't healed Healed yet. I didn't know What that Book did again with, again with the narrative bullshit. No. What man, you said this countless times. I didn't say that. I'm not healed from This.


Why you don't never stand on Nothing. I'm not saying didn didn't, I'm not healed from it. I just talk about the per I talk about the event in history from the perspective of which I had it. Currently I do not feel these things because time heals all wounds. I'm fucking over it. But it was shitty at the time. Alright, so y'all pieced it up. Wait, Technically pieced it up. I haven't seen her. So not healed. No closure. No Closure. Only true healing comes Gotta get that closure. Does anybody here care about Drea going to the game with her kid to see her kid? I hate That shit. I hate that shit. I'm sorry. I I I I'm not usually judgmental but there's something about taking your 22-year-old boyfriend to see your 22-year-old or take your 22-year-old kid to see your 22-year-old boyfriend play basketball.


He wanna give us Some tips. I hate it. Tre Dre's good. She don't, I hate it. Yeah. I just hate it. It it might be my own personal shit. I just don't think you should date somebody the same age as your kids Or that That's fair works with you. Yeah. Narrowing the pool down. Yeah. To like nine to like 99% of the world. Right. Like that. I could, you could live with that. Right? I don't wanna date nobody. I got my kids are I I agree with that. I'm joking. I definitely, I I wouldn't do it also in a little teaser. That's what shook up the vacation house too Corey. Oh yeah. That is exactly what shook up the Patricia House. It is. What? What happened? I can only imagine 'cause I know the people that were there.


Oh I know they was Steam coming out Their head Because Cory met some young ladies that were let's say 27, 28. Okay. Some people in the house had children that were 27, 28. See that I gotta give it to Sea Rock man. I gotta give it to co mean No speaking. I really gotta give it to Rim Give. I really Gotta give it to Rim. But it still was on Core to even remember was Chris Pauling? Yes. Yeah. Dog Were No she's better than Chris Paul. It wasn't, it wasn't Chris Paul. Yeah. Stockton. Scott scs in at 33 assist that 33 assist Game Williams.


Yes. Wow. Yeah, because we go to the New Year's Eve party, which is at like some bullshit playing at Hollywood. Some outta town bullshit. The only shit that was available to us, we had to do make do. Okay. And we got in there and I did a little scouting mission and the two that were in front of us were the best talent in the house. Good talent. Good talent. Talented young ladies. Res the Rems, the a and r Shoot. Yeah. Well They didn't speak. Got my man Corey Aside, they didn't speak much English. There was a translation barrier but not with old Rum around Rim. Went and stepped right to the business. Facts quick And sealed it, bagged, sealed it bag signed, sealed, delivered I'm yours.


And bought 'em home to Universal. Bought them home. Universal. Brought 'em over to the table, had a blast. Was trying to work something out for the night. For whatever reason that didn't happen but they was ready And then the next day they hit Remy. What you doing? Name Corey. Bu ass. Corey's such a bum. Yo Remy is the sister. She she was doing that shit at your wedding. Corey The only single nigga in the house. He gonna bring these two stallions over it. Stallion? Yes. Yes. One was a stallion, one was slim and beautiful. Like Corey be liking him so and Oh yeah I got beef with Corey.


One was a swan who was was Stall. Corey is a shady nigga. Yo. So the tall, beautiful, slim woman who now again It is a number of relationships on the trip. So niggas is og. Soon as Corey go get these two, I'm back in the cabana hiding Somewhere. You ain't gonna jam me up. Cut my eyes out real. I don Eyes. I don't see no I don need, I don't see nobody. I don't need them. Yeah, what Heino did the same and it looked like Cory had rhythm with the tall beautiful girl that didn't speak much English. And she was ready. She was ready to dip. Let's go Back to nine. It's party time. Party time. And then somewhere within a course of like five minutes, Cory is now not on the tall, beautiful girl.


Switched. Switched on him. He switched and got on the short Stallion. Like that's a mistake. That's a mistake. I ain't like that from Corey. That's a mistake. I didn't like that from Corey. You Gotta be singular in your target in these Situations. Yeah. That was really disgusting of you Corey. How he switched like that. So then he was hugged up or or or extra communicative with this. What you clapping about? Oh you think that fly they jumped You. Oh you like that movie? They Ju Hey cco. Alright nevermind. Nevermind. I forgot where I was at. So wait, what happened? Room full of vultures. What happened with the tall one? When? Since you went with the swan with the tall one. Dude just stand Around dude. Exactly. With nobody was with both. Yeah well the tall one, this is where the problem came in.


Ultimately had a man and when they came wasn't pleased. When they came over the next day I guess he wasn't pleased that they was over there so she dipped off to use the phone. But we had a DJ set playing throughout the speakers. Yeah it was no quiet area for her to run and, and talk to her man yo, she went off to talk to her man nigga Boo Bug Gotti and r Kelly was blasting. Yes sir. Yes. Nah man she talking. Yeah no it's loud. It's loud. Getting outta there and And I don't hear no spinning.


Yeah she had to get outta there. We hearing this beautiful big ass mansion overlooking the monkeys and grasshoppers Rainforest right there. Rainforest. You had to go on the cliff. Save about 20 minutes. Hey Corey, invite 'em Bitched over for breakfast. Having to fuck Corey up. This is the, the Good breakfast two Keno made some good ass fish. Yeah, we had mad people at the table. Corey feeding the bitch fish. Yo. Corey at the table feeding the bitch nigga it's right. And It is a pool? Yes. Is that a pool? Yeah. Is that a beer? Yo. What Yo. Don't feed all your scraggling. Our good fish for breakfast here. We, we barely made it The one good meal last trips.


Now it's done. Was done. Wait what? What? We can't go on no guys' trips. Oh yeah you got punishment? Who? You. No but I mean she say I can't go on no guys's trips anyway. That's, and her reason being I've stopped too many girls trips but I don't believe that you stopped The Girls trip. That's what she say. Oh I don't recall that. Oh okay. You. I endorsed the girls trip. Me too. How fun that bitch go. I'll sponsor the trip. Yeah Smart. She probably talking about one of Carnivals. Ah, Well during probably Limits. Yeah there's some, there's some Trinidad.


Yeah. Last year. Yep. Try to go this year she need to call Dr. Ari, cut all that shit off and then go take the girl trip. What? Yep. Shut the fuck God You go all shaped big and stupid now talking about Vince, you gonna get your ass over here. It is gonna be tough for me to find a private eye at the carnival. That's gonna be a little more expensive than that little my Handy private. It be crazy shit. Shit. Alright, so we done with Drea. Mark has disgusted by Drea.


Cool. Is there any music? Is there any music that we need to Bad Bunny. Freeze Bad Bunny. Look at, look at Parks. Look at you Hype Now is Right. Bad Bunny guys is back. You hyped now? Absolute. Yes. The album's absolutely incredible musically. It is probably his best project. He's did a lot of Infusion with Salsa, which he's Puerto Rican so he is really nice. Played into that shit. The last album was more Dominican music, merengue and shit like that absolutely incredible album. Absolutely incredible. I haven't heard it yet. I'm going listen to it. I've played it 30 times. Like played with my fucking mother-in-law in the car, all that shit. She's loving it 'cause it's got salsa old school vibes like You just like the beat and stuff. You don't understand what he's saying. I understand what he's saying a little bit. Like I can't do like a direct translation but I understand enough Spanish to Okay.


Get the gist of the song and if I have a question my wife speaks Spanish, I'll be like, what you, what we talking about? Absolutely. You don't have that shit. It just sound good. That's all. I don't even get him get him dancing. Yeah. I don't really have to know but I know I don know what he's saying. Mm. Anybody that's taking some level of Spanish is gonna understand a little bit of this shit to little bit be like okay I get what he's, I get, I get what he's stepping in Ente 40. I gotta hear it. 40 Hills absolutely incredible. Yo, something wrong with you sir St. There we go. That's it. Fuck you talking about. Oh shit. Shout to Bad Bunny.


He don't miss I I am gonna check it out. I know that's Parks man. I ain't been listening too much about this. I mean This, This shit Some Oh I got hold up. He killed that shit. He Killed that shit. I ain't, He really did.


Listen Buddy. This Shit is a slap who did his track It not like Baby Fresh with sounds just like man I mean juvie on the Remix Asap. This is, that's juvie Little cousin On the credits it says that Lalo produced this. Oh for Real? Mm Oh Wow. It says he produced and arranged it. It says that Lonzo wrote it and it says that Angelo performed it. Oh Wow. Oh we gonna keep this money right in the family. Wow. Everybody I love that about them. Yeah. Ain't LA Ball. You got to. I fuck with listen even y'all niggas that never got y'all BBB sneakers. It was still a great idea. It Was an amazing idea. They, they would, they, He just needed to use the good glue on the sole. As Lonzo had broke his ankle, he was already battling some injuries when he put the shoe on.


He should have did Ain't broke his ankle. Should have Took one Nike deal or one major deal. Got the, got the information and got a little bit of information and used that deal to Fuck Nike Fuel His other ventures. You right. But fuck Nike. Yeah. I'm so glad at the players. I ain't like how they did Kyrie so I like their stock dropping and all the players putting out their own sneaker whether it's hot or not or going To other smaller brands like it's another smaller brand that my man is, is a endorsing of and he got some equity in it and the shit is kind of fire. I don't, you know, Shit. Respect. This shit do sound like a big timers record to me. It Does. Yeah. It sound like Manny Fresh is on that shit. Juvie coming on there going right after that.


Yeah. Going crazy. Going crazy. Didn't sound like juvie on the hook. It sounds like juvie. Yeah. I love them with all of this 2002, 2003 mad and all of the memes that they coming out with. All of the just, I like the song. I like The song. I like the song. I I ain't gonna lie. Sorry I see Casting in this ass. No sometimes shit just shit just dope. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all think you got an album in them? I'm not gonna go that far. Yeah, we'll See, we'll see. I think a lot of these niggas got album in though. The ep. Yo you gotta think some of these boys grew up. They grew up on that. They grew, grew up on a shit. This ain this ain't Allen Iversson doing 40 bars again where they like thank God. Oh wait God interjecting hip hop Thank into the NBA get this shit. The fuck outta here. This is a new, this is a new era.


Yeah. Like all these niggas grew up literally on hip hop. So yeah, I think this shit's hard. They they're not From New Orleans are they? I don't know where they're from la from LA From the west coast? Yeah. Interesting. All the new babies are from la like 20, however old these niggas are. It's so stupid. I might sw this is hard. I ain't gonna lie. This shit's hard. I might request that motherfucker to strip club. I was skeptical Cool when I saw it going viral when that punch play. I was like, oh no this shit is off. I thought they was doing the internet shit again. Alright, Here we go. I see why. Oh wait a minute. No I gave em a little head nod. I saw a Couple DJs put they videos up and you I dropped it in the club.


Shit worked. I'd like to hear it in the club. I would, I'd like to hear where the power dynamics are in play. Yo. That shit come on when I got the power dynamic. Oh my God. Do some coercion up. Whoa. Telling him, whoa. That's crazy Ice. They reviewed the Drake Freestyle while we were gone. What did y'all say? 'cause I didn't watch. Did y'all like it? I did. Yeah I did. I did. Oh, okay. I I liked the Drake Freestyle as well. I saw the complaint of everybody saying how they didn't like, he rhymed pretty much like the same rhyme flow throughout the entire Freestyle.


Yeah. Shut up. I think that's bullshit that y'all are even now. Y'all don't like it. 'cause when him and Jake Cole did it on evil ways, y loved it. Mm. Like I think people are looking for a reason to now. Not like whatever Drake does for sure. If you do something. My only thing that I hated about the Freestyle was one that oven line that was trash. I didn't like that line. What was the line Thought was closer than kitchens and ovens. Yeah. Ovens and kitchens. I'm, I ain't, I didn't, I just didn't like it. I feel like He's had cr cringey bars in the spirit of keeping the, the rhyme scheme going. I wasn't mad at Yeah, that's it. I just said didn didn't like the line, but, and Ovens and kitchens do be close And well Close. They're more than close, but whatever.


Don't make sense. It don't, but I fuck with the Freestyle. I just want, I want, I wanted a a c DQ quality. Of course. That's it. Of course. That's it. Like he been quiet for a minute. Finally he threw something out. It don't sound brand new. Like he just did it last night or something. Sounds like It is leftover from the scary hours sessions And he's teasing more conductor shit. My, I'm, I'm, it had the four wires. I don't know if this is a scary hours four coming that's all produced by Conductor or something. I'm excited to hear it. Oh, you think that's What that meant, conductor? Yeah. Okay. Conductor. Yeah, Those were the conductor wires. Oh, I thought he was okay. I thought he was wrapping his ass off. I enjoyed it. I I haven't enjoyed a Drake track in a long time.


Probably since what Family Matters. I thought it was great. I I enjoyed it. I enjoyed hearing, you know, that back to that It is lonely at the top Drake that it's, you know, everybody's disloyal to me, Drake, I don't like that shit was a number but a LeBron dis track. Well that's exactly what It was. You Think it was LeBron? I think it might've been a little bit of everybody. Man. I think that shit was Bro. No, I think it was wrong. We We Gave it away. The watches, the watches gave it away for me. Yeah. It was very Specific. And I don't think DeMar de Rosen was at the Hamptons party. Mm. And, and Drake is right. You know what I mean? Like, it, it, It is like, yo, I I I can, I can feel him and connect, pause. I can, I can feel what he's saying. I can connect with his energy on this.


And I usually, again, don't, I'm not inclined to do that. But not only was he rapping his ass off, but he was like, yo, this was fucked up. We, this is how close we were and this is what you did. I thought it was a v It is the vulnerable Drake. Again, it was the rapping Drake. I I, I respected the track and I liked it. And, and again he was rapping his ass off and I thought rapping that same, that same cadence was actually was fired. That's difficult to do. I I wanna say that for the people that don't know that, that is difficult to do. I saw Rob Markman saying say the same. Anybody that has tried to do it, that's difficult to do. So salute him. But they had no, I'm sorry. Cut You real quick. Come on. My Bad apologize. That's the part I don't like about It is today they just run and say, oh, you could just use AI and just punch it in a bunch of words.


And then like realm, it's not easy to rhyme. Like everybody, if everybody, if it was that easy, everybody would be doing rapper. It Should be n So yeah. Like y'all, it just seemed like you grasping for, for reasons or excuses to try to discredit some shit instead of just saying, all right, I see what he did here and it's hard. Okay. One fault. Yeah. That's a nice sweatsuit Too. Yeah. Oh Thank you. Let's try to keep that best dress streak alive. He got, he Got pressure on now he Got pearls on the zipper. It's nice. No, I was doing, I had to do retail therapy to survive my over a month stay.


Oh yeah. And, and wherever the fuck I was staying at. Thank God for my, thank God for my experience. I don dunno. And, and niggas call me your young man. I have, I have an your man over here, the blah blah, blah. And on top of you, you don't let you, I been knowing your whole life. You don't let you fell off at all. Your man at, at dinner with his son. I'm looking at him. I'm like, damn. You was at dinner with you was at dinner with your son? I mean, I have dinner with my son sometimes. Yes. Recently. Yeah. I don't How's every you been, you've been okay. Everything's been all right. Yeah. I've been looking at your wrist this whole time of the podcast. The right one. I see a new bracelet on there.


No, that's not new. Excuse me. Mind your business. Okay. This is new. Damn. How you See that, that one is new. Oh, okay. Sorry. I will shut the fuck up. Alright. Pocket Watching is back. It's not pocket watches. You're Not pocket watching 2025. That Too. No, I'm not because you know, I mean we had to and this is a gift. This is gift. This is cool. It is a gift. We had the conversation. I'm not pocket watch. I'm just saying that, you know, you look healthy and you look happy. Retail therapy is how I survived being displaced for over a month. Nice. And if you are displaced from over a month, you cannot do too much retail therapy because there's nowhere to put anything to store. The shit Loaded up that little hotel closet.


There's no way to walk. There's nowhere way to walk in there. I want to, I'm so grateful for my years and years and years of tour life experience. Yeah. To help Handy, to help me cope. Yeah. With Having to be in a fucking hotel for that long. A hotel room in a month is regular shit for tour. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And at least now It is a nice hotel and you Had to suite And without having to perform, you had the Suite That's, it was the same hotel. They same Hotel. You gotta pick up the leaves. They all suites. You stayed in multiple The first few weeks I had to hop around. Oh, that's holiday season. Yeah, you could have The first few weeks, bro. It's very difficult to, to, to find a room that's available assistance for like two and three weeks and You don't know how long.


'cause you thinking, like you said, they tell you a date you like, all right, we done then. Nope. Nope. Another date. Another date. So you And and I'm gonna tell y'all, I'm gonna tell y'all this is what I, this is what I learned in my month. And this is local news now, which we are getting the local news for a second. That residents in is a lot better than I view. Really? It's too mixy. I don It is too mixy. Every time you get in an elevator, that shit stop at every fucking floor. You see every bitch from your past. Someone that's on the sixth floor. You see everybody. You know, every residents in everything is a suite. You get a kitchen and ain't nobody know where. Ain't anybody's a family over here. Everybody with their kids. I wouldn't. No, that's it. I've never been to neither one of them.


Well I've been to, I view when we was Doing that Antoine Maree, I've been In the, I view when we was doing the, what you Call Don don't the Planning shit. Yeah. Antoine Maree. Yo, stop doing. I went to, I view when we was Doing, I told you already, I'm just saying your name, my G probably never even been in there outside of that. How much work Ready to go. Big ass. You that nigga Stupid. No, It is just the man. You I was getting to something now I don't Oh, Drake is what we was talking about. Listen, I'm not saying nothing about this because I've said everything about Drake that I need to say, but it was a few bars in here.


That's funny. First of all, that whole, this is probably the only part where he didn't keep up exactly what the flow he was doing. And I don't like that flow. I'm over that flow. I'm tired of that. I'm tired of rhyming on a three. I'm rhy That's his thing. That's his, that's his thing. He's mastered. He's done it. I want to hear him get off of that. But I'm not here to be negative. I don't even know what that means. Yeah, I I looked that part Four, Four beats in the bar. There's four beats in the bar. 2, 3, 4. He's hitting the rhyme on the three. He keeps, He keeps dropping the rhyme on the three. Okay. And when he tries to get freaky, it's the one and the three.


It's, it's odd but it's his fire that don't make me have to ruin your public image. I don't like public being public. But that's for flow for sure. You got know for the flow rapper shit. But what do y'all think about that bar? I about to say it was the snitchy part to beat there. I about say that's what I don't like about it. Right. The threat. Come on snitch. Come on, come on. Who Close to the theory that why LeBron wasn't fucking with him no more. He bitch don't make me have to ruin your public image. I've, I've heard different theories that that wasn't actually about LeBron. That that might have been about DeMar and that that might have been about how DeMar, when he was broken down in Toronto was so emotionally emotional wreck at the crib when he was, when he was helping him emotionally.


That's public already. Alright, so what's his public image? No, but DeMar DeMar DeMars depression is public. Yeah. But I, the idea was that he was going to talk about how basically bitch nigga he was. How, how would that ruin your public image though? What is I'm asking what is DeMar public image? I'm not, I'm not saying that that's the answer there. I Don't know if DeMar got enough public image for you. That's his public image point. Yeah. To me that's Brian Depends on you. I hope not. Depends on That's Brian. That's public image of the squeaky clean family man who ain't got no s smart on him. I'm with you. I can ruin that. And then there was the rumors of why his wife was so happy to be at the pop-out and all of that. And I don't want you around him no more. Yep. That, that's what I took from it. I heard all, that's how I heard it.


The way you heard it. But then other people, maybe they were just cape him for, for LeBron or for Drake. They were saying he wasn't, Drake wouldn't do that. He was actually talking about DeMar. He was talking about this person. He's talking about that person. People trying to find an alternative to him. Just Ratt out that song was about LeBron James Fighting Irish. Fighting The Fighting Irish Freestyle. Yeah. No, I I'm with you. I again, I think it was about LeBron, but I've heard other theories. I'm just saying there are other people who saying some other shit. I don't claim to know if It is about LeBron. That's a funny part. Why would you say that? It's fucked up. It's fucked up. And I don I don't think, I don't think he would ever do that. Don't put it past him. Don't don't threaten me with no snitch. That's enough. That is doing it. Don't threaten nigga. The fact that you threaten to snitch is enough to get Your, that can make my household a little rocky.


That's what I'm saying. That's my goal. And Savannah already don't be talking LeBron little friends. But that wasn't the funniest bar to me. I'm fast forwarding to the funniest bar. Nah, the World Fell in Love. It is a sassy little nigga. Hold up. Listen to this bar. You Can't help yourself. Only him put Now listen to this bar. I got a subtle addiction. I got my father's habits and I got my mother's permission. My dad has another child. I told him that wasn't my sister grew up with dozens of Jews. I ain't get that one. I don't Care. Yo, I don guys. I'm just picturing my dad has another child.


I told him that wasn't my sister. Ain't My sister. I don't fuck with him. Yeah. But Some people beyond that, That's Beyond lot niggas beyond that. That's Funny baby nigga. It is still funny to say it. Yo can I, I wanna comment on that. I don't give a fuck about Drake daughter that, that y'all looking for. Or Dennis's grandkid. I don't care. Right. This witch hunt that y'all on. Even if y'all fine. I don't care. Business It is 2025. I'm not Drake Kendrick in my my 2025. We're gonna, I feel like we're gonna have to live through this forever. I Love That line. No, I'm not doing it no more. I don't want to, but It is over. I feel like it's going to, They gotta do something new for me to get back on. I we did it. It was six months. Everybody got paid.


Everybody got paid. Everybody did the content. We all got up a solution. Every It is over. They gotta do some new shit. And I don't think, I do think some new shit will happen this year. I think so. Yeah. It's gonna have to happen. I love that sister line though, man. To me that Is the funniest. Drake is hilarious. I I I thought he was, because remember earlier in the, in the rap when he was saying that I thought I had got another brother with LeBron. Right. He thought he'd come along with another brother. So he saying like, even my blood, I don't claim as a sister, but I thought you were my brother to me. Like Everybody, everybody. To me that shit was actually kind of dope when he tied it back. Tied it back. That's Some PAD shit you just did right there. I didn't even think of that.


Just could be wrong. But that's what it seemed like. If he Said that, that's, I mean if he was referring to potentially ratting on a nigga, that is some goofy shit. But him being, him being upset at a nigga that you might have thought was genuinely your friend and your brother, I don't think that's goofy At all. Me neither. Me neither. Me neither. I'm not mad at that. I'm not mad at, pardon me, the vulnerability of it. UMG took it down, right? Yeah. Yeah. And I don't think it's been put anywhere. It's Just on YouTube. Which is interesting. Any takeaways from that? They're a lawsuit. Yeah. I I think that's what It is. You still Us. Yeah. No we you don't get to put out music.


Fuck the lawsuit. You don't No artists, you don't just get to drop music if you're signed to us. Anybody that drops a song outta nowhere on whether it be Instagram or something or YouTube or something, the label's gonna come and strike it down if we don't have No we didn't. Okay it. Yeah. But them doing it well they doing that to drag is different Under this. Under why regular circumstances. I don't think they would have a problem at all with fuck a, a Drake or any other large artist dropping a song however they want to. They don't care. Yeah. They're gonna make some money. They're gonna make money. I agree. But any other artist, any artist that that size drop A pause. Yo, What the fuck is up with you? Any, any crazy major artists wouldn't even do that. They're gonna drop what they label.


'cause they making the money with 'em. The big names are in, they working with the labels. The labels are doing whatever the big name wants you to do. I'm not sure that all the battle records that were getting dropped on IG were all sanctioned. I don't know. I don't know if that's true. Mm. It might've been 'cause some of 'em didn't get released. So that kind of says that true. That was just some, Hey I'm Kendrick, I'm dropping this song in Hawaii. Hey I'm Drake I song when I want Drake. Drake came out with a song Friday night, 20 seconds later Kendrick put some shit out. Yeah. I don't know if that got clearances first. Yeah. I had to step on this nigga. Shit, fuck the paperwork. Right. You know what I'm saying? Have that Exactly. Good Point. Party next door tweeted P five, which people are now saying, Hey hold up big dog.


Like what happened album, where's the Drake and Party record? I think all, all official releases from Drake is gonna be on hold till they get some clarity in these lawsuits, I would imagine. I think that Drake gotta be. And, and, and I'm not the biggest fan of the Drake and Conductor shit. I've said that. I'm on record with it. It's not a surprise. Don't try to kill me for my tape. However, I don't think none of the good, good rapping is going to, is going to, I think his biggest bout is with his label saying You're on the downside of whatever It is you're doing and we treating you like that.


So the good rapping, It is great for the fans that want to hear great rapping at some point. I think he has to do something to dispel the label thinking that, which is why everybody keeps sitting around waiting for the slap For the hit. Right. For the hit. Yeah. I think he, I think he's torn because some niggas be like, yo, I don't want to hear that hit shit. I want you to rap nigga, you this hip hop nigga and they dissing him for Yeah, we know you can make hits. You gotta do Both. Yeah, man, What I'm saying, He's always, he's always, He's never been in this position in his life. That's True. He's never been in this position in his life. He's always been the label darling. That's true. And they, and they suck at my dick and I could do whatever I want.


He got contention there. He's always been outside of the Pusha T shit. And the Pusha T shit was a punch in the face. This Kendrick shit was a body slam and a sto. He never been here. I agree. So he don't, he trying to please everybody. I'm accustomed to being up here and everybody reveres me. This is probably the first time in his life, at least in the last 20 years, that he might be more disliked in the public than he was at one point than liked. He's never, he's never experienced that. And the other side is you always had the labels backing. Yeah, I don had you always had the machine. True. So now, now he's never been in this place before. You gonna see we put you there.


I think it was, it was a marriage. It was a marriage. It was a marriage. But we had just as much, we are just as responsible for that as you are. You think you can do it without us and you keep trying. And I also think, I think he got shit and he don't wanna release it with them. And we got beef. So we got beef, if, you know, know what I'm saying? I think he got fired. And I don't want, I'm sure that's, I don, I, I want to get away from y'all, so I wanna hold my fire so that when I go somewhere else, I can immediately release my heat and be like, suck my dick. I I I could still do this. Yeah. You hear what I'm saying? Like I, that's my personal opinion. I think that he got some shit in the tuck and as soon as I get over here to wherever my new situation is, I'm not, Not positive.


He wants to get fully away from them either. He might just want better terms for where he is at. It's possible. Yeah. Man. You may go to one though. It's possible. Maybe, maybe it's possible. Just speculation. I think he's looking, looking out for whatever's best for him. I agree. At this point. A good point. He had business dealings with Sony, right? I'm not sure. I don't think so. His OVO imprint was where That, I don't know. Let's look it up. I heard he was, I remember him having, I remember him having some type of something with Sony. So wait, when you Was imprint of Warner. Warner, yeah. Warner. Yes. Yes. Warner Distributed by Sony and Republic. Yeah.


Warner. Yeah. No, above my paper. I'm, yeah. Yeah. So when you, when you're signed, you can't put any music out if you want to. I mean that's what I hear from artists. You're not supposed to, right. Like it's, It is artists that can't even go do a Freestyle, can't go and upload anything to Got it. Depends. Understanding. Yeah, Depends. It Depends on understanding with the label. And then you got other people that find a way to leak something and if it bubble enough, Yeah, we'll pick that up. You'll We, oh, oh shit, you do got something. All right, now let's get involved in, let's put some money behind it. So it's, it's, it's a battle but it's a pecking order. When you at the top, usually you can Do what the fuck you want. You wanna what you Drake can do what the fuck he wants. Taylor Swift can do what the fuck she wants, can do what the fuck he wants.


But you Beefing with us. So you at the top, but you still beefing with us. We are not gonna try to do nothing to help you. We are not gonna let you put out a, a dope Freestyle and catch some steam that might incentivize you to put out another shit. You know what I'm saying? Another shit. No nigga, you trying to leave us. We wanna hurt your leverage. We wanna kill your leverage. We gonna kill your leverage. We gonna kill all of this shit. Did anybody here hear WHAM Lil Babies project? I did. Yeah. I'm halfway through. I listened to it a couple times. I Tried a couple Times. Give it to me. Give it to me. What do you think? I'm seeing mixed reviews online. It's not that bad. Yeah, it ain't as bad as the internet for me. It ain't bad. It wasn't horrible. I, I found it rather unspectacular though. There's a couple slaps on there, but for the most part it was kind of just cool.


I tweeted before this album came out that I have very low expectations and this is probably the one project that I am hoping to be proven wrong about. And I was like, I fucked with the album. It's maybe four records that I could do without. It's some that are definitely going on the playlist. I would've liked him to have some other features. I I do get tired of hearing this same little group of him, 21 Future Thug. Like I don't really wanna hear that as much. This is where I wanted to hear Drake. I would've loved to hear Drake. This is where I wanted Hear Drake. So when we came in, I said that he put the deluxe out. I thought Drake would've been on a deluxe. Yeah, he did drop. I didn't get a to listen.


I thought Drake would've been Del on a deluxe, especially for him to put it out that early and it didn't get as many good reviews as he might've hoped for. I thought that Drake would've been on a deluxe, but, and that would've been his Still requires clearance. True. I got a question that would've been his, his secret weapon. You know what I'm saying? Point Still go. It goes right back to the conversation. Yeah. Still I got, I got a question here. Wait, wait. Real quick. What Drake features have we gotten recently? That Right? The, the song with the Girl cab was the two, only one that I can Remember. All of them pop shits. That's it. That's a great point. That's it. And that was still before And that was Pre beef. He just pushed it back. Once the beef got heavy he pushed it back. Alright. What you saying? Free Coach k and p sold qc.


Right. Do we know if they still active in like running it? Yeah, I think they, I think that was the report when Yes. When they first sold it. Yeah, because I'm, I was trying to see where shit went a little different with Lil Babies music and I'm like, if they sold it and they might have been like the, the The the Ars Yeah, the ars behind it. That could explain some things for me. So I I was just, I was just wondering. PPP hit me recently about some QC shit. So I would assume yes. Okay. If I'm assuming. Okay. Two, when you sell your shit, typically they ask you to stay on for five years for for a time Period of time to run, To continue to run it and to try to answer your question.


I was telling Parks outside, I actually like this little baby shit. I like it too. I Like it. I was just expecting more I guess. See now I don't, being that People have been saying for a couple years now, he fell off or whatever, whatever. I was kind of expecting him to try to prove extra hard that he hadn't Like the Gun. It's solid. It's solid. It's just not, I don't get What do people expect from Lil Baby daddy? Well that's what I was gonna ask you. I don know Lava to answer you like, I think there was a period where anytime you heard his voice it was absolute insanity. It was lava, it was, it was boiling And then we get tired of it or it gets to be the same thing for too long. And now people are starting to say, I want to hear something else from you.


So I say again, what are y'all expecting him to do? Well That's, if I have to critique this and let me play a little bit first because I do like it, but again, I'm not the Lil Baby album fan. I don't go into Lil Baby albums expecting Illmatic. Did you hear my Turn? The album? Yeah. That is a phenomenal album that It Is at its peak. At his its peak. That That that's His peak. That's his only album. No. Oh no. I'm, excuse me, the the one afterwards. The one afterwards. It's only me. Yeah. But that was his first album again, you know, like you say, you got your whole career to make your first album. Everything else has been mixtapes.


Right. And I try not to judge artists at they peak when you have all cylinders firing. Like I want to hear you in your gunna moment when things are down, when the fans a little iffy on you. I want to hear what you coming out with. But that's A good example of what kind of I expected. I guess as a, I'm a little baby fan, I'm not like a diehard fan. Like I don't know my turn back and forth, I've listened to it a bunch of times. I kind of expected a gunna moment from him I guess. Mm. And this would be their time For him where the shit It is, it's not obviously as bad as it was for Gun of the World against Him, but people had turned on him a little bit. I was expecting a, a Bigger show and I did see an interview with him where he said like, I'm, I'm kind of, it's a little harder for him because again at this point in hip hop I gotta watch what I say.


Yeah, True. Well so I Can't really get into too much. I gotta kind of be a Little Well that's what I was gonna tell you on my critique of the project. I can by by the second half, this shit got a little redundant to me. Like some of the songs get to sounding the same and it's just all a blur. But production wise, even if the Beats sound like another beat, you heard all the beats are fired and I could see people get, my barber was tired of his sing songy repetitive flow. But I think that's largely due to the content changing. He can't talk like he used to talk and on this album you hear him not talking like that. Yeah. So it's fire to me but he's limited.


It's not what we are used to from Lil Baby. But this intro come on man. Come on man. Crib in another state of Duck off. Duck off. You getting on my nerves bitch fuck off. Fuck off. Running away. Train out. Done took off. I move with a purpose. Give 'em the right influence. That's how I'm the big dog. Don't wear the crabs. I better not throw punch for y'all other rappers. I hope they get a mistrial no more Spend more than I'm saving laying this shit out. Living Kitty. That shit was Courtney.


I had to switch down. AMS on the crib come from session eight. Man this shit. Wow. I took the little bros and I mowed 'em. They know to hold it down. I got lots of dollars and years and a whole lot of pounds. I live in Condit. You can't pay niggas to go around William Miami, pjt the bp, I can't lie this shit okay for me knocking in the studio all night. She gonna wait for me up. She told me she treat you like a Laman. She don't play with me. She say I'm gonna favor nigga D. Nigga backwards. They get a little money, spent it all. And then they ask for something I grew up with me and Dollar hit her still ain't asking for nothing. Fuck it up. I probably get a friend of something, run my money up in like a mono. So I'm with the hustle running circle around these rapping niggas.


No discussion for me. I got niggas still stuck in the trench and shit be fucking with me. I was shaking emails on the plane and she starts sucking on me. It ain't no bus. Damn me. And you know what? That's Odd. This is absolutely crazy. What the fuck It is? This is how you start album. This is absolutely crazy. That song is called Listen Up. It's track number one also, I don't wanna talk like his content is changing because he can no longer incriminate himself. I don't think that's fair. It's twofold. It could just grow. He Grew. Yes. And let me tell y'all all of that other shit that y'all see him doing the the showing the house off, showing the art piece off. That's an expensive publicist that's doing that rebrand that is costly.


It's costing him six figures to change how he is viewed. And fans don't be wanting to see you grow. No They don't. Yeah, they they they don't. I think 21 Savage went absolutely crazy on this album. His verse streak continues for me. This is track two. Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb dumber, young Thug and Future. I think Thug and Future went crazy on this First Stones in the LDS at the bottom. Yeah. This is how I want my little baby Sound ain't certified cash. This this is I want my little baby sound Records player. Duck catch duck. You know Chicken niggas, chicken niggas, you know Supercar driving bus flying sign win. Golden, you know That beat is beating Uhoh.


One of my new favorites 25 dealer Crack smoker with aint dealing. They Love it real nigga like back back here around the corner putting on stuff Flip Hustler, Try to let him cook but I really won't get to Dog in future.


She ain. I don have my the whole time pulling Slush On Side. They ordered a hundred Gs. This is a complete side note pressure apparently present to be Donald Trump said he is gonna rename the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf Of America. Gulf of America. And he getting Canada too. I didn that nigga crazy. He is nuts. I'm gonna name the Gulf of America.


Gulf of America. He's coming. He's definitely comedy. He's comedy for sure. Can he do that? I don't know. Probably it depend on who named it White. Thought it mad ain't going back and forth. Never heard a rich nigga fuss. Dirty niggas going And I said robbery truck came with a bag. Hardly fucking know. See shit these US bitches kind of bad college bitch. I made a leave of fresh but my brother GA bitch a pass trapping in the studio. Glass brick a belt to just to get the trash. I was, I a, I been on Scream.


She was watching Key in Middle. She sed off the key got screaming. I the key niggas can't stand us dog. Put your mans up. This shit is hard. Yeah It is. This is hard. It is a hard record. This is hard. Alright. Alright. I want future. Hey. Oh, talk to these niggas. Hey Gang. Elevator pad chopping bags all on the never seen me twice for the hole. Oh shit. He just reminded me of when I was humble. He just reminded me when I was He sure he'll do that won't he? Nah, he just reminded me we was in Costa Rica catching a vibe. Here goes stupid ass Corey.


Hey y'all See that boat out there with the helicopter landing? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's Bernardo. No Bernard Nar whatever. Bernard. No. Oh. Oh. Selma's husband. No Different Billionaire. MH. That shit was like a three story fucking mansion. $150 million yacht. Jesus. With a helicopter pad. We could, we saw that motherfucker landed taking off land. He was dropping people off. It was like, all right, we gotta get outta here. Time to go.


Future's fucking great. He's great. I about he's look, I might might get bugging. You might get 80 a turn. He's bugging out. Cocaine. Jumped out. Yeah. You pay ice yet? Yeah. Why you in my pocket? He said yes he did. You did. Alright, good. Why you in my pockets? You my man. So you can, if I pay money outta my pocket. 'cause you my man. Well he's my man too. Oh, gotcha. Gotcha. Not my bitch. 32 shots with the glitch. Talking Vix. Then we talking Chris, Mike Min s like a be Richard mama eating, working for a boss country. Living Power dynamics.


She working, working for a boss. This song is great. Check out the rest of the album on your own time. I do see mixed reviews online and I understand it. And I understand it. I like it. Me too. I like it. I like it too. But I like it. I like it too. It ain't, I don't think, I don't dislike. I think it's cool. I don't think it's as bad as you. It ain't trash. Niggas been waiting to hate it saying Yeah it ain't trash. I do think that it ain't bad in 2025. I hope we can bring back the fan. Nope, it's over. I would also like to bring back like levels to the review. Mm. Yeah. Like it doesn't have to be either amazing or trash. It can And mid also being trash to most people now.


Colloquially. So there's literally no, it's either good or it's either Classic Or trash. Trash. I think. I think the, like this Album is good. It is not great but it's a good album. That's okay. It's album. It's a good album. Hey look, it's better than this last album to me. And that's what I needed this to be. These tracks you just played at Are they are they Exceptions? Are are. Is this how I feel through the whole album? Listen buddy Michael it go. It is. Listen, listen, listen. It has a change of pace. I'll, I'll give, I'll give you a a a quick, that was one and two. Here's three. I'm now playing off the phone. Oh yeah. I didn't wanna hear this. I'll skip this.


I can't hear this after what I just heard. Yeah. Coolo. It is the gorilla Shit. No that's next. Nah that's the next one. Next one. That's next. This is, she cleaned him up too. I promise. Gorilla Man you rabbits gonna have to be careful. Ask her to get on your joints. Yeah. Come on buddy. Oh yeah. Like this. It is hard.


S like Fuck that Gorilla Here in like an article. Come on. Come on buddy. Bad bitches when they made you. That's Why I used to tell these bitches. Yo. They ain't stop making bad bitches when they made you this one up. It's called Red Bone Nigga High. Like I'm paralyzed my spine bro. Can't turn it back on my twin. I'm so and fresh.


Damn respectfully. I'm gonna, yeah I'm Let talk my shit. Hold up. Here we go. Hold up. Stop the beat Lil Baby. Lemme me talk my shit. Hey my ex A y'all be shitting on him. I'm genuinely popping. Shit. All my s still broke. Hang on. Ain't that battle bitch. I don't do no young niggas. My youngest whole like thi with the dick. Must don't think that I'm a ho. Huh? They did not stop making good dick when they made better Be lucky did I like you 'cause these niggas getting ignored. Hold, don't play with me. I get niggas you like one four. I don't think about you ho. I just done shit Man.


I ain't begging on niggas. I'm quick to let them leave yet. It's a million more bad bitches. But ain't none of them bitches. Me. Listen, glory Rilla is the current future I would pay for right now. Same. That's the one. Yep. I can't think of another one. I still pay for a 21 feature. I would holler at me and try to get it done for free. Well Rapper, I'm just saying if I'm not, I'm saying Glow. I don't have a relationship with somebody that could send it to me. I'm paying her to get that verse. Yeah, for sure. And it's a single. Oh for sure. It's definitely a single lead, single Shit. Yeah. No shout out little baby. Shout out to Glow. Real. Absolutely love what you're doing.


Phenomenal year. Last year. Phenomenal year. Last year they say Ice Spice sold 4,800 copies. First week. I didn't know she dropped of that. Of that. I'm just Del Girl. Deluxe. Deluxe, deluxe. Oh okay. Still While I have y'all here is I'm just a girl counterproductive to the women empowerment movement. I Think It is. I I often clap back and say no you're a grown woman. Yeah, Some of 'em shit don't support the women empowerment movement. That is true. That's really what it be. Well they do what? It's convenient. All right. In the workplace. Yes. At home. No, That's the next hot and bother.


Why you get quiet on the Drake topics? Not for real. That hot and bothered Outta here. I'm telling you, you just be stealing our sauce to forgive you. So go ahead. Shut the fuck up. This is why I don't have an Pan a hundred to drink Freestyle. Alright, You Guys been asking for here It is. What else? What else? What else? What else? Shout out the lil baby. Shout out the Drake. Shout to Angelo Ball. Is there anything else in music that is super important or not important? Not super important but well, super important to me. I wanna shout out to Red Man. Yo, I listened to the Muddy Waters two album. I, I didn't know what to expect because I haven't heard a new Red Man album in years.


And I like this shit. I saw, I think it's like 32 tracks. I was like Oh yeah it's all hip hop. I'm not about to listen and like 32 I was, I fuck with a large portion of this album. 32. It is Ski in there and shit. Shit It is not 32 songs. But you surprise me. So Salute Shout and he had a, a crazy Jersey Posse cut on there that was Just played it on the pod last week. Oh okay. I wasn't here. Uhoh. Who's On? Who's on The Jersey Posse Cut. Hey we released it to the public. You could've listened. No, everybody from Jersey minus Joe. Like Rod Dig everybody. Yeah I did. Tre Trevin is on it.


Treach L from Lady Luck Artifact is on it. Lady Luck Nick Dfa. Shaq Underground. Shaq. Shaq. Yeah. You the only nigga that ain't on it. Yeah, don't know. Getting mad now and And they put Shaq on it and made didn't call you. Shaq Rap. Shaq Rap. Rap. I can see you a better rapper than Shaq is. All I'm saying, I just wanted you to get the call too. That's all I'm Saying. I love Sha sha. I I Shout to Red man Man Shout the red man. Everybody though it was a great, it was a good part artifact Nick d he went back. Oh that's why you talking about talking about I told you like yo, then you ain't get I didn listen shit, I thought you would've at least gotten the car. I wanted you to get the call. You would've probably turned rest in peace. Case slay anytime that nigga called me to jump on the track with all 700 of 'em niggas.


I hung up on him. You would've had to say yes to this one. I maybe the Jersey card gets it done. But that's what I'm saying. K SL used to call like y'all got this great idea. You and 900 people. Wow. How many bars I get? Four. Four nigga get the fuck off of my phone. I get Four bars to clean up 900 people. That math ain't, that's girl man after me. That's not enough. I don't heat up till eight had the be like how many bars they got. Everyone's the song Was five minutes Changed. I need more than they eight to clean up red. And the other little the girls ate. They did. They Did. The women ate. I'm guessing Lauren wasn't on it either, right? No I forgot.


No Fujis. No Fujis. Okay. They might have called us. She just ain't get to the studio. She did. She showed up just now. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Actually speaking of Treach, I want to give y'all the playlist of the DJ in Costa Rica. As we were waiting for New Year's Eve we got some Tone Loc and Young mc. Lot of Mr. Worldwide Pit Bull. Pit Bull Rider Slow Rider tpa. Yeah we got some Y-M-C-A-Y-M-C-A for white people's electric slot. Yes. Oh yeah. It is fun to stay at the And they was doing It is Y mc You got it.


You know what It is? They like How you do a CA. I don't remember the A. The A is it's This. Oh yeah sir. Mix alot baby got back. Salt pepper shoot. You got So it was, so It was Diamonds by Brianna. A 1989 nineties rap list. Oh my god. Some different version of the top 40. Oh what the fuck is the they play coolio. No, I bet you played Shaggy Coolo. I bet you Shaggy made that list. Shaggy. There might have been some shaggy Shaggy might do some Shaggy. Shaggy Usually mixed that list. Sean Paul they threw on. I thought of it because I didn't hear Sean Paul. I thought of it because they threw on some hip hop. Hooray.


None of the white people did like this side to side. Yeah. How was it? They did YMCA before. They did. Hey, how old was they? Hey There was like teenagers there. Yeah, they, Oh they ain't going. There's some older people too but Oh, the Chacha slide, they had some Oh yeah. PDM version of the Chacha slide that threw me off a little bit one time. Now y'all Yeah. Yeah. We didn't had, when Had some synthesizers in it. She was like, this is not how this goes. Yeah. They fucked up Slide. But everyone slid so it worked. Remember you gotta learn to electric slide. The stallions was there, learned that shit. You think Parks done an electric slide? He doesn't know the electric slide. He don't learn. Now we talked about that. Still our business stop what happened.


And It is just called your nigga and don't do that again. People Dumb yo people dumb. But don't do that again. Stop. Stop Reading. We had Parks so uncomfortable looking stupid as People. Yeah. You guys were No, No. Y'all had me so uncomfortable. I got in that Parks. Parks said I'm white, y'all. I I was home like you guys. You guys please Nigga. I don't give a fuck. He another one. He said, What was I saying? What was I about to say? Lemme not erase these notes. This is important. I missed Ray Sheer a little bit. I have this written down just because it was their anniversary. It was their 10 year anniversary the other day. Shit they Put out recently wasn't bad. Yeah, yeah it wasn't. Yeah.


I don think they still get the support like that. Yeah. They don't put no money behind it or something. Like Ray Schrier Is always getting to listen. They drop a album. I'm rushing to listen. Same. I have a question here that's off of music. It's not, not music related at all. But I did want to ask you guys if anybody who have you been honored to share your time on Earth with Greg Popovich. He's one for me. Kobe's another one for me. Kobe Clark Kent. Okay. DJ Clark Kent. Yes. I thought about this because while they was playing all of these white people slaps in Costa Rica at New Year's Eve, I thought about D Nice and for me to purchase D.


Nicest single at nine years old. Mm mm And then him go on to be one of the biggest DJs in the world and be so supportive and be such a good human. Just a nice guy. A nice person. And just be in the mix. I seen D nice when he was going through a divorce. I seen D Nice when he was moving around like Toy or someone was playing some D Nice set list while we were out there. D nice gonna come on. Yeah It is gonna come on. All members of the locks for me. Okay. All men. Just Just men of honor Men. Total Men of honor. I mean I could, my list goes on and on. I'd love to hear It is mad if there's anybody on you guys' Just Musicians. No. Anybody that you've been honored to share earth with.


We don't listen. Time is time. This life shit is fragile Scott. Shit comes and goes Stuart Scott. Good one. That's a good one. Great one. That's a good one. Yeah. Rest in peace. Rest in peace to the gold. Viola Davis. Wow. Cricket Crook Church. No, no, she's on my list too. Oh, okay. Legend. But my list is long. Like I'd be honored at just seeing greatness. Same. Yeah, same. I I been thinking about the greatness. Like when we get to see it up close, it's like Kobe would be one for me. Kobe, you know, I grew up with him. So like seeing that Quest love. Same thing like just geniuses who we also got to see kind of up close and watch the genius develop and like bloom.


That shit for me is amazing. Shout To Quest Love. I think he's doing his fucking birthday. His birthday movie Tradition. Shit. I think Sounds of The Land was on one of them. It is a movie on there. I wanted to see he's, Did I get a kick off the list? Oh I made it the last, I've always made shit. I didn. I didn't Quite as Philies. We thought Oh there would be hell. Your camera right there Boy. Sorry. My bad. I missed the last two. I'm like, did I get taken off the list? My bad. My bad. Mark. Yo. You can be my plus one. Oh no, he's in it. Shit. He's in it. Okay. You feel better now? A little bit. Mark Hater on the low. He take all spare change. Not on the low, not on. No, he's a hater.


He said not on the low. Dr four people are haters. Dr. Omar, see you with Simba. See that Too? I See that video. Dr. Omar is in Africa with Simba Salute. Now I had a rough month so we did have to reschedule Omar and Pods giving. But he is out there as a friend of the show with friend of the show. Sim not your simple salute. I wanna know if Simba is sucking Dr. Dumar Dick. I know Simba. I don't give a fuck what y'all talking about. Listen, we know Power Done not like that. Don't do that. I wasn't even talking.


I'm just talking about Oh thank God. No we know how Simba think We know Simba. There we go. Help me out. I said we know yo dog. Help me out then I I did it. You never been to On View. Yo. Anybody out there lying on it? It is wasn't in On View nigga. I have Been in On View that one time when we was doing the show Rehears, it was three Times we was in doing the show rehearsing. Oh. And then I've been there with my girlfriend Dinner outside in the pods in the winter. Mm. Nice Ish. You got the pods outside in the winter where you could look at the View. Mm. Back in the day when I used to cheat at On View, I would get caught every time. You can't do that. My girl call me right at the table with this bitch.


Yeah you serious. Hell nigga. Are you sitting? You know, you not brave enough to be at On View with such and such sending me pictures like I'm outta here. What at on View when you got a, when you, when you're cheating back in the day and you try to go find a quiet corner to talk the corner's a little far in on view. It Is. It's no longer in the cool area. You gotta take a run. We cut Here go your girl. Why you had a breath you? I'm here. What's up? I don't like when your girl know your breathing pattern though. She Called you while you was There. Oh please. Yes. You said no I was just cleaning up. She said clean it up. Sure. I'll stop business Meeting.


I'll stop cheating. The cheating game changed and I'm in love. But the cheating game changed. This shit different out here. You gotta have the spirit for that. You Gotta thank God for cameras and also fuck them cameras. Yeah. Really. I love you baby. I was living wrong. I grew. How you feeling Joe? About what? Catch steak. Catch Steak Man. Permanently closed. No, That's devastating. Catch steak is permanently closed. Oh, your blood pressure about to be good money. Oh shit. New York and la. Yeah. Oh really?


That's crazy. Yes. Damn. You know they, they, they first of many. Ugh, they closed LA last month and so good though. And then a couple days ago just so only Miami now. As of now. Damn. Wait. Both Catch Steak in New York and Los Angeles have been exceptionally successful. Each generating over 18 million in annual revenue. Revenue ain't profit. That seems really low. How? Yeah, it seems a little low for me. However, their close proximity to our flagship catch restaurants has split the business. By consolidating these locations, we can deliver a unified and elevated experience that builds on the best of both concepts.


To support this transformation, we're investing $6 million to renovate and enhance both flagship locations. Creating spaces that set new standards for guest and staff experiences. This Pivotal move follows the successful openings of Catch Miami Beach. I gotta get back to Miami. I Know for dinner And Dallas in 2020 for Dallas is another one on that. That's another I can't, I'm barring, I can't Go to Dallas. That yo. Do niggas know that Dallas is on the Yeah. Niggas know. Yeah. Alright. Anyway. And Dallas in 2024 as well as the launch of the corner store, already one of the most talked about restaurants in America.


Looking ahead to 2025. We have several openings in progress, including a Mediterranean dining experience in Soho. We're energized by what's ahead and look forward to sharing the next chapter of Catch Hospitality group with you. I think that makes a ton of business sense. I am so depressed, I don't give a Fuck why? I think catch is so much better than catch steak. It wasn't, I don't always steak either, so I don eat stay like that. So it didn't do it for me. But there you go. It was amazing. But vibe wise, I stepping on your own date, you're dope. You're stepping on your own dope. Well then why open it so fucking close? Ego. Stupid. It's ego Fucking take it up, take it Midtown so that it's not like across the street from the flagship I think Is, I think regular catch was overdone.


Same. Especially especially in New York. Mm. In LA too. When you say overdone, what do you mean? Just it jumped. The Shark ran. Yeah It ran ran through. And Then catch State that ran through Toom. We weren't done yet. Yeah, we weren't done running through. Nigga You was eating there three times a week at one point. Not three times but a lot. I was there. A ain't tell you nothing. They ain't yo Joe. Man, I'm mad I didn't get that email. I feel for some of them, them cool people that I was fly with that worked over there was was like, god damn. What was our girl name? Ashley? I think so forgot. But you know who I'm talking about. I Do. Right. I that's my peoples. Yeah, just Speak up nigga.


Don't get Quiet. You don't know your peoples name. I do know. Don't get quiet though saying like, yeah, that's We'll talk Later. No, no, no. I told you about doing that. We not talking about shit. We'll talk Later. I'll go tmz. We gonna talk. Yo. Why you keep doing that? You stop. I'm really saddened by this. Not as much as I would be if we didn't go out with a bang for my birthday party. I had a blast at my birthday party. It was amazing. Beautiful. But damn, I wouldn't have minded to go back a little Last time Wagyu, a little last little sushi Roast was the, I didn catch roll. I didn't go to catch restaurant. I'm going to catch steak. But what's the difference between the two? One one is seafood, one is one. Seafood one. One was more seafood oriented. And the other one catch Regular Catch seafood.


Catch. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Catch. She broke it down for me. She did. Oh shit. Stand man. I sent me that fucking article man. I wanted to kill him. Damn. I thought you knew. I was just like damn, yo. My condolences. Yo. Now we just gonna bring that menu over here. I hope. I hope so. To regular catch. To regular catch. That's what I'm saying. You gonna get the same options. I Don I don't think that's, that's I'm saying unless it's a vibe. They just, they pretty much set in the press release is it? They gonna consolidate it. Yeah, for me it's a vibe thing. Better. That's, I was asking if the vibe is better at catch steak. I only been to catch steak once. Much better. Yeah, it was Much better at Ambiance. It was nice. It was nice. Yeah. But Didn didn't go to catch. Are y'all noble People? Yeah I do.


Nobu. Yeah. That ain't bad Or It is noble overrated to y'all? No, it's a staple. Especially the one on 57. Nobu. 57 is my spot. Come on man. Nobu 57 is is better. But I think a lot of that shit when you, when are you talking about overrated food wise or Period, whatever wise you wanna take It. See the food is just, the food is good. It ain't great but the ambiance is good. So a lot of times when you go to these places, you not necessarily even going there for the food. I fuck some, I like it. I some lots of tacos up at Nobu 57. It's just good. It is good. Nobu Boo first, You know what I'm saying? Yo, I have taken some first dates to Nobu 57. This Shit right, the power dynamics shine over there. It's A game changer Look and noble lit.


You go in there because of the what? The lobster tacos. I bet that Nobu Over there. What's that Live beach. You delicious? Not in la. What's the good fancy, fancy, fancy beach? Malibu. Malibu. That Noble over there Sexy? Yes. I mean the one over here It is one, but I don't like, sometimes they starting to feel thirsty. Like I was at a Nobu maybe. When was it? It was, oh I know when it was. It was, it was Long time ago. Years ago. Lemme Say this September I was with my wife. So no, it was like three months ago. Okay. There. There You go. Clean out three single niggas walking. Noble. You're having a good night. Y That's true. But everybody in there look like they was, you know like, you know how like when you walk to a mall in Atlanta right now everybody looks at they auditioning for something.


Everybody feels like they, that's New York City. But that's Nobu really feels like that now. Y'all Still go to the mall in Atlanta? No, I, I don't but I did like last time I went I was like I'm never coming here again. I was at, I was at Lenox Mall like in like 2015. Oh oh he's In 2015. 2015. Okay. I was like I'm never walking in this business there. Last Year I was in there last year it was still, you Was in there last year copying some shit. What you, what you got man? Nigga, what you got? What you got about there? Remember I was in the mall. You called me and asked you picked you up the Gucci sneakers. Oh Invest Fest. See you gotta go back to Invest Fest too. Don't do that. I Was in the mall. You going back Ish? What you mean? Are you going back to Invest Fest? Go to Invest Fest again To support. You didn't go last nigga but you didn't go last year.


I didn't go last year But go. They're my niggas. I support them niggas and everything. They do just go yo, sure. You sure you support me. So if they come to New York, you gonna go. If they come where? I told 'em I'd go wait in best vests in New York? No, Just New York period. I told 'em I might speak at that. They pressed me when I went to speak at Steve Stouts. You, you Don't sir. United Masters gig. They pressed me. So yeah, if they come to New York I'll go speak at the fucking their whatever Thing. Javit Center? Yeah. No they doing, I think they do Garden. Hulu. The Garden, Hulu Theater. The Garden, the Hulu Theater. But no My niggas but yeah Linux ain't Linux ain't it. That shit is, I'm scared of Atlanta. Monica, they got metal detectors.


They got metal detectors in Neiman Marcus. They got metal detectors now. What? They have shootouts in Neman Marcus. Well It is open carry. That's crazy. Yeah, I Definitely you's you gotta think about where you shooting now. Neimans. That's crazy. It is different on site. Mean. On site. Evidently. I can't believe that. Well I can believe it. Rest in peace. The name of Marcus. Well they got bought out by s Sax is buying the money. They done Sacks on everything They done. Did they say they closing? Yeah, they got bought out. They done that doesn't mean they're done. They went back. Yeah, they don't, they Might keep The same name. Don't Mean they were closing. Sometimes They keep the same. They ain't close Bergdorf or any other shit. They, it just was last week. Sacks gobbled.


Well I ain't shopping no more that way so I know I'm Chilling. I Know I'm on my Steve Jobs on my pop, my Parks t-shirt and some jeans. We know. I think it's so full of shit. Shit dog. It's cool though. No, for real. There's a few things I wanna do. Less than 20, 25. Shopping is one strip, club is two. Red meat is three? Yeah, I think that's my top three. Hmm. How about you guys? I didn't get a chance to hear y'all. Any New Year's resolutions or anything you plan on doing different for the year for me? Anybody? Nothing. Sugar ain't worse than that. No Shit. Absolutely nothing. I'm Fucking awesome. Yeah, like I, I'm just gonna stay The fucking course.


That's it. Respect I got, I gotta exercise more. You gotta just say respecting some shit. Salute. Respect. Respect. You gotta just respect when niggas make claims. You gotta respect, Respect. Yo. Y'all niggas man Gonna be more healthy for 2025. I about to go on pic. I'm telling you Ish. That's gonna make your health better. I don't give a fuck. I'm going on it. I was just asking be Yeah, next week lower his A1C. Thank you man. Yeah. Yeah. But Teron say just lost like 70 pounds or some shit. Right. You got skinny? Yeah. Yeah. I'm asking skinny Probably naturally too. If you, if you, we should run something too. I'm try to get back. I'm trying to get my heart rate up on the track. You might try to outdo me and running nigga.


Nah, nah, nah man. Running is the shit. I'm not, I'm not, there's a black men run group. I, we, we should do it. Seriously. Everybody here, I think it'll be dope. How much If I do run, I'm not running with the black men running group. What? We running fucking Luke s like, it's like Africa here. You about to turn the air. You about to make it colder. I thought he was turning, thought he was making it cooler. Just running for no reason though. Like he running to loose. Did Not die And build up a cardio, cardio Cardiovascular exercise. Yeah, He died when it's your time man. He died when it's your time. Man. That sound black. Is it just guys? Yeah. No, I, no, I know I, my homegirls had a black women run to group. I know a good black women run group. Yeah, for sure.


So where y'all run like Central Park and shit like that? I haven't joined a group yet. But they, they run? No, they run in Jersey. Jersey. Oh they run in Jersey? Yeah. It is. It Is worth it man. No listen, running is dope. Running is therapeutic. All of that shit. Yeah. And that shit started. Unless You ran you Should have fuck up your testosterone though. Be careful. It will. We learned it'll Your shit stopped working. Take your muscle mass off. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Unless you ran. It is been over up years. But I used to run every day. Like literally every single Like run from niggas or on your As I used to Niggas Is on his as Chasing you off the block every time. Up the same strip. There you go. Get him.


Yeah, there you go. That's there you go. Nah, that's dope Ish. But seriously. 20, 25. That's the year, man. I'm trying to run or or play ball. I know we said we gonna hoop but like I'm gonna get, That shit is different. Get your heart rate up every day is Definitely different. Glad you said that. Somebody I know wants to speak to you. Yeah, sorry. Oh boy. Who's I don the slightest Idea. Actually he wanna speak to Ish and Cory too. Letting this nigga sit and talk like that. Yo, he stayed with a testimonial. I don't know. You know who It is. Some nigga tied up in the basement. I was good at basketball. What not? Yeah. Hey, hey, hey Pop. It is, It is Joe. It is Joe button. It is Joe button from the Joe button podcast.


What's going on? I I got this sucker in front of me right here. I got, I got a Sweet Vic in front of me right here. And I told Corey an inch that you was mad that they let this new nigga talk like that about me and you. So Let's Corey boy, especially Corey, I'm off the plane pop. Well, because Corey could play a little bit. It was a bum. So he, he wasn't like That, You know. Do you have anything to say to, to Mark about his remarks regarding you and I on the spade table? Well first of all, I can tell he is not a real spay player because you're only as good as your partner. So I don't care how great he think he is. I happen to have the best partner in the world.


So whatever reason why he can't win, Y'all gonna have just the two of us moment. Yeah, That's my man right there. That's my man. Listen, hey pop. I'm gonna try to get, I'm gonna try to get a date. I'm gonna try to get a date from this guy. I, I, I'm, I'm, I hope It's before I Die, sir. Sir, you, you pick the ne you pick the time and the place, it won't be a problem. You right. You only as good as your partner. But I'm like LeBron, he every city he go to, he win a chip. That's me. I I, I'll take anybody in this room right now and be and beat both of y'all. With all due respect. Pop. I got Him. He, He on the radio so he can say that stupid shit, You know what I mean? That Stupid sound, You know what I mean? That shit don't sound good. He sounds Stupid. He sound real stupid. That's Okay. Him don't worry. We gonna see him on a weekend. We gonna see him on a weekend. I'm ready.


I'm ready. I'm ready to play outside right now. In the in. I'm with you. Hey. No, hey, hey Pop. I'm gonna set it up man. I'll talk to you later. Alright. Make it happen man. Alright. Can we actually set shit, set it up bro. Talking. He just be talking man. Be setting up gyms and spade up Joe. That basketball shit never happened, right? Mac and cheese never happened. That's hate. Don't throw me the bottle. Leave on no nigga. Okay, I'm just saying things. Were we really looking forward to Mac and cheese for Mel? That, that's deflection. No wait, wait, wait. Look at my nails nigga. You think you could cook? Didn't they throw you into the whole mac and cheese conversation? I don't eat mac and cheese so I was, I that was you. I don know what the Fuck hell, Mel came in here and lied and said she went, she brought some mac and cheese somewhere else.


She was like Instagram. Hey I aint made that. Oh you All this woman Do is lying. But she gets away with it. She can do it. She can pull it Off. Oh my God. He let Mel cook man. Yeah, no, but she don't Cook. If We take away the power dynamics we taking away pretty privilege. Oh hell yeah. Let's go Mark. Oh cool. Oh Shit. But Mel is talented beyond her looks. Mm. Beat it up. Well you are good janitor. She don't stop. He don't stop Clean up out three yo mark, yo Nigga stumbling corner down like whoa, whoa, whoa. Nah. Mark is rookie to you. Whoa. Mark is rookie to you. You can't jam him up.


Can't jam him up. I don't think I have too much more that I need to get off on this list. They booed the shit outta Hulk Hogan. They booed us boo. Why they, they I felt so bad. He was limping his shit. Nigga limp outside. I'm like please though they booed the shit out that nigga son. They tried to fix it like what the fuck is going on. You said they tried to fix it right? Yeah, they tried to fix it. You talking about w they put wv? Yeah they put the Nah nah they boo that nigga outta the building son. Yeah. I ain't never seen nothing like that. And it look good on from Charlotte's WWE on the Netflix deal. It look, it looks amazing. It looks amazing. That whole Netflix. I don't know what's going On there. Yeah, as did the football game.


Football Game. Netflix is is football game look really good. I watched that Beyonce bowl again. Evil. We'll talk on Patreon man. Talk. Don't start please. They go crazy. They pull up E's family stop. Yeah, it started, they pull up E's mom and stuff. Man, I didn't see none of that but Stop. Don't bring it back up nigga. He been Going on Patreon. I'ma talk through. I Watched the Beyonce bowl again. You stand with E. Yeah. I don't think he's, I don't agree with off. Please. No, I I got Beyonce in my top five but I don And you don't stand with, you don't stand. No. What I'm Saying you don't stand with I don't think number six is crazy. I don't think he's wrong. Like I, I would put Beyonce above Chris Brown, but I don't think it's crazy to have. But then, but then it found tweets. He had Beyonce. Beyonce in top five. Then he saw Chris Brown perform again and said you know what, this shit changed. Chris Brown Killed it.


He should watch the Beyonce bowl again. He also said I could put some other names, other nigga in trying to get him. Who are these things Around? Pat LaBelle. I'm off mic. Oh, oh my. That's why we talking about you. Yeah. You ain't even here. Right? You had your time to shine on the last episode. You was getting a bunch of shit off. But It is, you think it's crazy to put James? No, no, that's what I'm saying. But then He started saying Bruno Mars and some other shit too. Don't, don't Misspoke. It's crazy to put Chris Brown in front of Beyonce. I think so too. It is. That's the only one that I disagree with. It follow up performance wise. Yes. Yeah. I think Beyonce does the thing that you people Do. And I'm not saying hold up, I wanna clarify myself 'cause I'm a huge Chris Brown fan. He not that far. Chris Brown, because of out of the studio incidents, will never have the opportunity to make his performance look like that.


So It is not that I don't think he's capable of. And they, And I think they know it and they purposely Go down. We've never seen it. We I've never seen, I've never seen it. I've never seen him. Mm, I've never seen it. And to correct you, we, I have seen Chris, not Chris Brown, Beyonce, Beyonce perform with without the bare, bare minimal and go absolutely crazy. But you don't have a mic. So I don't think that's fair. Can we also just acknowledge the fact that she does her entire stage, you know, presentation in fucking high heels? Yeah. Yeah. Can we just acknowledge that it's singing? Yes. It's amazing. The thing that blew me, the fucking heels on the rewatch of the Beyonce bowl, of course was the performance, but she killed the vocals laying on her back being carried.


She killed the highs. She especially killed the Lowes, which is where you could hear people that could sing fuck it up when they try to, you know, you know about all that vocal control shit. So we'll talk later. But her vocal her the way she controls that shit. Yeah, no, I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. And like she's there and Fuck Hulk Hogan. Yeah, fuck Hogan. For real. That's a moment. That's something I never thought I would, I would say in my life. Well, Never. Me too. I agree with it because I grew up on Ho Hogan, but some of the whites will show you who they Are when, when you give 'em a couple decades. But you never thought you Even crazy said, even when he said nigga the first time, I wasn't all the way to mad at him. That's What I was telling people. Niggas wasn Whites to Show you.


Nah, he went a little crazier. He went crazier than that first nigga. That's a couple that they, they showed you who they are. Did Jerry Springer Doc came out today on Netflix? Yes. Can't wait. Can't wait to watch it. Yes. All I had was Netflix in the hotel. It kept showing me what was coming soon. Did you watch qui games? Watch Tuesday. Did you watch Squid Game Season two? I I have not. Yes. What do you think, Joe? Okay. It's not one. Well we, we don't know. We don't Really, it's not gonna be one ended On a cliffhanger, But I like I'm saying But season one was revolutionary. Season Three is coming out, I guess this year sometime. Yes. Someone said maybe as soon as February. I don't know if that's true. But it was half a season.


Yes. But what I'm saying is that I saw so much negative reviews on it, but I thought it was that it wasn't as bad as they made it seem by episode Four. Oh yeah, that's number four on my list. 2025. I'm wanna read less of what the internet has to say About Yes, I agree with that. The internet be wrong. That's True. Be wrong. Sometimes it could sway you from watching it. Like, oh, they had Me thinking that Squid games too was about to be horrible. I watched it. I didn't feel like that at all. Not me neither. And I wasn't mad at the cliffhanger like they was, I Wasn't, I Ain't making that. Especially when it said next season for the finale 2025. I'm like, oh shit. That's now Do You gotta watch the jackal? I'm telling you, Don't interrupt our squid game review Jack.


Double quid game. Where is it? Watch Peacock. Where is it? Peacock? It's on Peacock Watch. Alright, we came in here Talking The Jackal out. Get to of Cross Out. Get To is a few that y'all, He was nominated too. The guy here plays Jack. What we talking about? S Shut the fuck up. What's Are y'all crazy? Sorry, go ahead. He bodied Squid Game or as I've renamed it, squid Non-game. Love it. You didn't play many games. Squid. The first Squid game was revolutionary because those games were amazing. Yes. Those games were like you sitting at home like, oh shit, if I had to do that. Wow. Those games were top of the notch. Whoever created those or put that together, sicko killed it.


This one, seven episodes. The first game was the same game as the last game, which was Red Light, green Light. I'm not mad at that. That's as far as I got. They killed that. Then it was only two games after that. And those two games, I was sitting home like, oh, I would kill this. Like they weren't groundbreaking games to me. One was, you tie, y'all tie the five of y'all up together. You go around in the big circle and you hop around and you have to do like a, A squid game. Appetizers. Yes. Small, small games. Little tap spin. The spin, the thing of maji, the pick up this shit, the game that they initiate you on where they slap the, whatever they call it out there. And then the next game was Hit the Rock with the rock.


The Next game was all us get in a merry-go-round and whatever number they say, that's how many people we have to go pull in the room. I like how they made it interesting. I like how they, I see how that could be tough. If it's all of us here and the nigga scream three, then we gotta fight about which three of us to go. But I'm gonna pull two of y'all in the room with me. I just didn't think that was the toughest of games to play. So yeah, squid non-game for me. I hated those games. Did I? The games I, I hated the games. I want shout out to Thanos. Yo Tinos is a fucking annoying Yo, don't do that.


Don't do that. Thanos was the rap career rapper guy. Yep. Yep. He was giving them bars in there. He was. And he got a little crew together and he tried to thug some niggas out until got beat. He Was hopped up on Adderall or some shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Once shout out to Thanos. I want shout out to the transgender girl. Nah, she was dice. She was crazy when she hit the fan. She was She was absolutely true. Fire. Yeah. I liked Squid Game's. Character development. That's true. I Like that too. And I like that whoever loses the game, it'd be a bunch of people that they wasn't introducing us to anyway. That's a fact. That's a thing. I mean, I, he didn't lose the game, but Yeah, but it happened to him. Yeah. Well they gonna kill a few people that they made you like. Yeah. But for the most part when all these niggas are ah, I was like, I don't care about him.


Yeah. Move, move nigga. Y'all wasn't teaching me about him anyway. I like the, I like the, I like their A new homie with the boat with Shady Man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He knew he was sha I didn like that. He looked shady. Yeah, he, because you could find this fucking island. He wasn't trying to find the island at all. So dude on the boat is shady. I like how contestant 0 0 1. Yes. And the last one. Oh, that's crazy. Was the older dude. And how 0 0 1 this time was homie's brother. How did you feel about 4, 5, 6 entering back the game? Did you Think that that was Noble? Did you, you no. Noble of him. Got it. So you liked that part?


Not originally, but once he went in there running his battle. I'm trying to save All, that's same thing. I gotta get you outta here. Stand still. No, here, do it. Do it. Right. He in there trying to save they life and they, nigga they turned on him. Facts. Hey, how you know the rules to the game S Right. Nigga, we fuck you. One is the op. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was it. That's crazy. I love when the guards get, I liked in, in the first season, how, when it was time when they wanted y'all to kill each other, they gave y'all knives, like to eat the steak or whatever. Yeah. Like, oh shit, we got knives by the achilles niggas this time they gave you forks when it was time to get busy.


So it was like, okay. They about to fight. Yeah. I don't know how when everybody is fighting, the people hiding under the beds survived. Like, Hey nigga, what about that nigga that, That didn't seem hard at Put you nigga on top of the bed and let the girl that he like die nigga crazy. That nigga down. He's a Bitch. He's a bitch. You was a bitch for that. Yeah. No, He threw a bottle down and then watch. And I just love how Squid games, I, you know what, I'm gonna sound shady right now 'cause I don't be watching all of the British shows with all of these accents and Dubs. Squid Game is the only show I watch where I like these corny voiceovers.


Oh, It's horrible. But it's so bad that it's a part of the show for me. Well, 'cause it goes back to our childhood watching the kung fu flicks. Yeah, It is, It is bad. Like I like Money Heist. Y'all ain't like money. He I like Money. He, I like money. He, but I like the, the Voiceover shit they did on Money Heist. Yeah. But Squid Game is Waste s Poofier. Yeah, It is. They Leading into shit. Like Money Heist did a good job. They lead into that shit. Squid Game. It is a horrible voiceover. It is, but It is kind of part of the show. What else did I like about Squid Game? I like how it, I like anything that accentuates humans need for greed. Mm. Yeah. That's the whole show. It's real. Yeah. It is real. Yeah, It is real. Shit. That was always idealistic bullshit.


That was always interesting. I loved, I loved how this time they did the voting system more. I Thought that that's what threw me, threw me off. Because I forgotten Season one, they did it once. When you did it once. They sent them back home. So this one had me on a cliffhanger each time they did it. Because I'm like, okay, what's gonna happen if they all say they don't, they want to cancel the game. So that was something that stood out to me. I each, I Can't wait till the old rich guy gets it. I'm not gonna lie. Hmm. The old rich guy, or not rich, but he was like in debt, like a hundred million dollars and he's been oppy since the get go. You Think he gonna get it? What? He's gonna get it. No, I didn get killed. 4, 5, 6, Not 4, 5, 6. I'm four talking about the, I'm talking about the old dude that's in there that keeps, every time they trying to do the vote shit is trying to sway everybody's opinion and shit.


Yes. I, I know, but I'm saying is that, but 4, 5, 6 would have to die in order for him to win. Remember, only one person could win. I'm, I'm, I'm Wait, he can't away from the get killed. Got got it. Oh, get killed. Oh. Unless they decide. 'cause now they're saying they can split the money. So unless everybody decide like, okay, we're gonna cancel the game. So hopefully they do That other thing that pissed me off about these niggas. Yo, I, I voted for us to continue playing the game because after the next game, we'll have enough money to quit and then they win the next game. Get the money. Every time they watched all these niggas die and be like, Nope. I, I still wanna play. And I don't know the the, the Juan speaks to the greed though. I don't know. I don't know the the Juan currency, but Oh yeah.


It's a lot. It sounds like a lot. It sound like a lot to my American ears, man. I'm four 80 million Juan in debt. I'm like, nigga, then you're done. Yeah, You right. I liked it. Shout out to Yes sir. I liked, I need to watch It. I do want to see the next, the next season. Hopefully it comes out soon. But it's great. It was a great watch for me in the hotel. I enjoyed it worked. Hey, yo, Mel, I've been trying to find a way to watch this Luther Doc. Man. I couldn't find, man. I don watch it yet neither. I can't find that c It is on Hulu. It is on CNN too. It is What's on cnn? Streaming services? Cnn. It's, It's on Hulu as well. Wait, they said They said they killing Patti LaBelle. I saw, I saw that on the Blog.


Yeah. They, they, they, they, right. Yeah. So they, to kill Pat LaBelle to to, to vibe What Patty did was what Patty did was wrong. But I don't like the way they framed it as it, so the documentary is, It is fine. Like it's one of those things you just talked about where I was expected to be the greatest documentary of all time. I'm a big, I'm a huge Luther Vandross fan working on, I'm working on a book on Luther Vandross and I was like, expecting something different. You're writing a book about Luther. Yeah. If this world was Yeah. You an ill   this nigga. Did you give permission? He can't just do that About people. I mean, I I did know his mother. She lived in Philadelphia until died. Okay. In downtown Philadelphia. Yeah. Drop it. You could pick it up, but, but No, you don't. I didn't need permission and I actually wanted to talk about Luther's love life and, and his love and looked his his life through the lens of love.


Oh, so you Patti LaBelle too? No, that's the point. That's the challenge, right? It is. How do you talk about somebody who's never outed themselves and their love life and how do you deal with their sexuality? And so when I watched this documentary, I was like, how they gonna deal with this? And every single person said Luther was looking to find somebody. Yes. Luther wanted to find that person. It was very gender neutral. But what they did was they used this watch what happens live interview of Patti LaBelle, where she was very clear in saying Luther was, didn't want people to know he was gay. Andy Cohen asked her the leading question, like, did Luther want people to know he was gay? Why didn't Luther come out? And she answered the question. Right. She should not have answered that question. Luther did not want her to answer that question. Luther spent his whole life not answering that question. Oh, y'all don't know how old people work.


Yeah, I was about to say that. Come on. I ain't surprised. I don like, you should know Mark, you know, old Patty, don't give a fuck. And especially some old person that really loves you and think that you might have been embarrassed for no reason or thinking that you, you know what I mean? Like, they'll tell Yeah. You think she did it without the love, without having him and her law. I don't think that her intentions were bad. I think she had good intentions. Yeah. I think she had good intentions, but I also think that at her, at her age, and as long as she's been in the business, like diplomacy has to have like, you know, kind of kicked in. And it didn't, I think answered The question. I think that vodka was kicking it. I think she was on the show. She was drinking and she got loose. I mean, Quincy Jones did the same thing, not the drinking part, but toward the end of his career, he starts Oh yeah, that can be, you know Richard p Yeah.


He used to sub dick. You know, he was, I mean literally what Quincy Jones was doing. That's what It is he's talking about. You don't do that shit. That's not okay. I feel Like Quincy Is doubted himself though. Right. But, But Quincy is different than what Pat LaBelle did. He tolds stories about, about people Wowed out. He did. Pat LaBelle had to Hide that nigga coming from Place. Like, yo, this is my friend. He wasn't doing anything wrong. He might have felt, 'cause you know, back then too, homosexuality guy looked at Very different Yeah. But died in 2005. It wasn't like he died like in the 20 Years ago. Yeah. But if in 2005 and still was that away in 25, he was the man in the eighties. Luther was the man in the eighties. He died in 2005. But that wasn't at the height or pinnacle of his dominance in the music industry.


It kind of was. I mean, it it wasn't And it was, it was, it was, it was his most crossover. He he died right as he got his first number one overall hit. Dance with my father. Dance with my father. Yes. So the idea is now the whole world knows who he is and he still didn't want the world to know he was gay. Nobody care About that white shit. I'm talking about Luther did Luther No, I'm with you. Yeah. Whatcha you talking about? Dancing with my father? He no disrespect that Record. We told you. I'm not disrespecting the record niggas telling you Luther Vandross in the nineties was black royalty. Yes. So fuck dance with my fathers. We looked at that nigga as something different from his catalog prior to that. I see. What, and he didn't want those people in the eighties nineties know he was gay. That's my point. So now Patti LaBelle comes on the interview. Patti LaBelle's given an interview saying, yo, whatever you was doing that you might have been ashamed of, it was nothing ashamed of that and let it go.


That's not her choice to make I I'm Not just, But he's dead. He's dead. Joe, If I told You right now, I got a secret and I don't want anybody to know. Listen, it's not a secret. I'm Muslim. Right? So if I don't want, I don't talk about religion on in public. Right. I don't want anybody to know. I just talk about off air. Right. So when I die, you can just go tell everybody. No, you just move the goalpost. You did How, If you tell me a secret. Yeah. And I hold that secret down and the world learns your secret. And then after you're gone, the question, It is posed to me with your secret. I'm going to answer the question. But Here's the, especially if it's a different world where Yeah. Here's why. Here's a, I'm sorry. You, I'm just saying if it's a different world where people are now more accepting, accept, accept Accepting.


Thank you Mel. And here's why that doesn't fit to me. No one has ever confirmed Luther's sexuality in public except Patti LaBelle. That's true. It, it wasn't like the world discovered. She, he was gay and then she said, well, why didn't he come out? No one has, when you look at that whole documentary, when you I've read every article ever. No, I haven't seen it. No. No friend of Luther Vandross has ever confirmed his sexuality. He's right. Luther asked every single friend or assumed every single friend to not reveal his sexuality. So it wasn't like the world found out. And then she just answered the question that I could respect. So we just Assumed that he was gay. So you've swayed me with that. So She confirmed the assumption, but no, because he swayed me. He he's right. If Luther told every single person, yo, I don't want y'all to tell. He literally has said that. If you ask Roberta Flack, if you ask, oh, you can't ask Oui board to ask Aretha.


But if you ask anybody else who's alive, then you're right. Yeah, It is that, that's my only thing. It's like, you can't do that. That that's my only issue. You weighed me. I'm gonna put You Now, if he, if he specifically asked him Yeah, yeah. Then you're right. I agree with that. That's What I'm saying. So, because even in death honor his wishes. But I get you're Right now Pat's people are coming out now saying they feel like they were made into the villain though in the film, in the film, they make it, they, they make it seem almost as if America or the world had no consciousness about Luther's sexuality until she said something about it. Which also isn't fair because the world knew Luther was gay. I mean, there came a point where the world began to feel like Luther was gay. Maybe not in the eighties and nineties. 'cause my mom No, I'm telling you, there's a lot of old black women that go to church that don't know they man is gay. They don't know their deacon is gay.


They don't know a pastor is gay. There's a lot of black people who like to be in denial about sexuality. They knew Luther was gay. Some did. I I hear about Freddie Jackson too. A lot of people tell me they didn't realize it until 20 years later. And I'm not outing Freddie Jackson. I think Freddy started to talk about it. I think you outed Freddie Jackson. No. Shit. That's crazy. I Never heard that. Freddy's my man. I never heard that. Yo didn didn't hear that either. Careful when you say that's your man shut Up. Ish. I never heard that. Freddy Jackson about Freddy Jackson. Really? Wow. Mm Yeah. For oh, time sake. Hilarious. Did y'all, you are my lady. That was The Luther was Whitney ever? Oh.


It's been a great show. That's crazy. What's wrong with two Mos? Wrong with you, man. That book is a done for Oh shit. Y'all talking about Mark. I Can't wait to See that book. I'm trying to find a way to, that's A bad question To ask. Yes. What Was Whitney Gay? Yeah, I heard she, Robin Wrote a book about it. I heard She was bisexual. Well, we know she, Yeah. My my public answer is that Robin has had, I'm sorry, that Whitney has had friends like Robin, her best friend, say that they had, were in a sexual relationship. Oh, they, okay. She did. She she talks about their, their sexual relationship and their S not Nigga.


This whole place was shut down. I don't, I no knowledge about he challenge everybody. Yeah. Can't stand on it, nigga. Yeah. I Don I never heard nothing About who you haven't About her being Oprah women. No, it was Gail. Allegedly. Those are, those are the rumors I never heard. It's been a great show. Yeah. Sleeping. I've been sleeping on shit. I think we absolutely killed today's Joan Applause. Yeah. Welcome back. Welcome back. Clap it up. Oh, wait, wait, Wait. Before we leave, before we get to sleepers, I just wanna call you, send a quick, quick, quick shout out to Shotgun Suge. Yeah. Yes sir. Hell of a performance. Jersey. Jersey. Jersey. Jersey. Big Suge. Sugie Easy. I told you I heard It was a 30. I told you 30. 30. I told you.


That's all I'm saying. I told you I hate, I hate that. Stop. I hate to be happy at A man losing, But Boy did I feel good about him. Losing Easy. Did you feel good more because of all the antics behind you? A goof. Some of It is goofy to me. Not him. Not him the person. 'cause I don't have no problem with him. The person. But just some of the movements. I'm cool. I hated that, that With Remy. Right. One time on the front Line. Yo, Remy, you left me. Yes. Yes. That's just the Punchline.


Punchline. I could've no comment. Yo outta outta nothing but respect for Remy. No comment. I hated That bar. That's a comment. No, my thing is it was Terrible. I'm, I'm tired of everybody running around saying Oh enough with the Remy bars. Enough with the Remy bar nigga, he is using Remy bars himself and in battle rap, this is gonna happen. Yo niggas is still tell making trick, trick jokes to my brother. Niggas is still talking to, to hit man about the situation that happened to him. Like we don't get to pick and choose Battle rap is battle rap. If something happened, your your business get out there. It is going to be used against you. That little, that little four bar run where Suge was like, he was talking all that shit about Geechee hiding by the tree.


But they was strapped in the, and he had to make a decision. But when we saw you under that tree, you changed your religion or whatever the fuck he said. I was like, oh shit. Yeah. And I wanna give Suge. I don't wanna call him most improved. 'cause he's been on, he's been on a little run. He's been on run. He's been on a run. 100%. That was my first time enjoying him that way. Pause. Very confident. Slowed it down, Slow it down. Confident. Yeah, It was slower, it was legible. It was Bar City. That was Tip might at the, Tim might add the Suge Big Jersey. Yeah. Fuck I had easy all them excuses. Yeah. Talking about the venue. Talking about Jersey.


Jersey sent me nigga y'all booked it. Nigga all go to places where they, where they boo the fuck out Bro. They boo When he battled Cassidy, they booed my brother. The second he walked out there, he didn't even touch the stage yet. He booed the whole way. You gotta fight through that. Yeah, that too. But my thing is easy. You are, you and Rim are a thing. Y'all booked this. You don't now get to say they set me up by having it in Jersey. It is y'all event. I hated that little punchline bar did. It was terrible. Oh my God. All that shit was Terrible. Real quick. I rewatch loaded Lux and Rum. YouTube Rum. Two one. You changed it. I Said that already.


Yeah, he said that. I Didn't know that. I said I changed it. He, because he had to deal with Lux and Lux showed up. But he, he dealt with him. He did. I don, he dealt with him. I, I give the edge to Remy Rum. I do. I still got Luxe. What am I going with for my Sleeper? Sleeper? Where'd you get those sleepers? I'm going old school. I'm going old school. Let's see if I have this. Do do, do do. Let's see if I can still spell. Alright, I'm going Wi Lloyd player's prayer.


Why the fuck not? Okay, I gonna find out what they put in his laptop. This sounds is strong. I heard you talk a million times. You sound different. National. These every night of the week. Some respect Your heart. Should I play your I don.


I was Just playing with them. I don.


Oh no.


Yo. That was Lloyd Players Prayer. Shout out to the legend man. I fuck with Lloyd. Another one of the people I'm happy to have shared my time on Earth with. Man. Shout out man. Fire. Oh Lord. They are stupid in the kitchen. They do be some fun times in the kitchen. It Do it do it do man. Yo, I'm going to Jersey City, man. Jersey. Jersey. I'm, I'm in the Jersey mood still. This is Hood Olympics Remix. This is Albee Al Benny the Butcher Jadakiss is Freeway. This is hard. I've been, I meant to play this shit for weeks too. This shit is hard.


This is the Remix. This is the Remix Looking out the window. This try get the homie swinging. Make thousand dollars sitting on the benches for it like it's four inches. He was talking about bodies put me in Olympics, put me in million dollar nigga parked in the trenches there and I was all in the mouth. I could have been a distance. Eh y keep that shit on me. I won't be a victor too like Red Nose. I'ma tell look I ain't got offers. I just got haters. Swear God never tell a cop nothing, never give them data. Never. When you a real motherfucker you don't count favors Come back four five with the green lady mask on any streets.


Fighting like them vague talk Veta. Luke Skywalk last op I call he in a Skywalker got a six sense. Sometimes I hear the sky. I hate Ahoe. I hate a nigga. I hate pee. Watch kid like a nigga. See I'm the type to hop out and go get a nigga. I never seen a ca that kid. This shit feel like the agers or something like him Super team SA feel. You my nigga Mob.


I hear my island. Let her sit on down Hood Savior Slummy speak the hood's language. Keep the letter on Myop is getting Nick Fireman grab the poison because we live Dangerous Came spiting old English made the big beer link without be y'all. It is that feeling. Your niggas want to meet your maker. We can make arrangements. I'll be to make a siping D with Maya. My get the wire second at your body. Hit the here. We used to hit the road to get the used to have to use the duffle bag to get the gate. We still hit the road to get the dope but we ain't pushing but baby 80 K Was word. Y'all Base pull up and lemme poke They bellies every time y'all Niggas Stress them out at earth. They nerve Lost My son daughter five Didn't I Ree them that stuff for about to get the paper We shot For my niggas puttings on the clock to get him out the trap.


It's gonna be a standoff of swap. My last deal gave we a hundred grand off the top ever see a grown man get ran off a Block. Wait have you ever ran off of blocks? The whole city know you got bread on your top. Don't Fuck that. Tell me. Ever had to hand off a Glock and don't feel no aggress when you head all the shots. The streets made me what? I'm running from heavy influence. See my homie with a Rollie and I wanted one now he on the tear eating honey buns. I'm still here. He know I got him like the gear when you bungee jump. But I was in the game when y'all fronted and the lunch line asking for change for a honey When It's crush time with the clip don't hang down. I don't want it got a beam on the front but can't aim with a button.


Now I'm downplay this rap shit. That nigga's too straight. Huh? I'm on tour for like two, three months. He in a fork versus a pop like a two V one. Too many bricks. I called him and told him you keep something watching the YSL trial Ducted DA in the A tf. I'm worried about the now you could've paid me to go back. That's bullshit. Nigga Like 80 of my neck. Yo. They trying to make bars irrelevant. Yeah. Followers and likes are the new artist development. No me, I stick to the element gun in the trunk. That's the damn near as big as the elephant put the cuffs on him. They telling it rap. Who shot who and who got what and who's selling it. Niggas leaking fluid.


See me getting to it. Yeah my man got an elbow and he ain't even do it. Try to understand me muzzle on the sw me a bag on your head. That's a duffle on your family. It could be a Kia ounce. Yeah. Hope you see it bounce till they let the bros go made they free to count. Don't give a fuck how you feel about the old cats. I'm harder than the pedal to the hin on the roll back nigga I sold crack whole lot down south middle with the trenches. Little niggas with gold caps cloth don't exist. It is sauce on your bitch sauce. Money ain't a thing but it cost to be rich. Yeah. Niggas only won to hold a torch when it's lit and time. You realize he ain't awesome as this. You know me, wherever the work be up celebrate me on my birthday.


Not when they merk me. Uhuh from Wallberg to Mary on. We get it done. Y niggas carry on. Let's Try and get the swing put fence thousand dollars me on the bench for it like it's four inches. He was talking about bodies put me in Olympics, put me in man dollar. Nigga parked in the trenches when I was all in the mouth I could have been a dentist. Y'all kicked that shed on me. I won't be a victim. Who? And that is Hood Olympics Remix Al be Al Freeway. Benny the Butcher and Jadakiss. That's my type of shit right there. That was was hard. That was hard. Ah you know where I'm going.


I'm going to Bad Bunny. I'm gonna to Puerto Rico. That nigga Benny J, this is Nueva yo. Oh Yeah. Are They spinning around? Get pregnant, dancing this salsa the best in the world.


Number one. The best in the world. Okay. Puerto Rico.


That's NUEVAYoL Bad Bunny Dal. The new album is absolutely fire. You go buy melodies just to play these songs? No, I need to hear this outside asap. What? Asap. The fucked up part ain't on Miniskirts with the Hills. I know you know I'm shit to be f Flay and spinning around. This shits still gonna be here in the summertime. I promise you that. They not in the time don't be cold. That's true too. Good point. That's true too. Host staying outside before hours in the cold. I'm going to, gentleman's name is, I think it's a remit row. Sure. Or AremitRo. I don't know how to pronounce it but AremitRo, I don't know. Song is called U and Die Die.


Maybe it's the way that you show me love in effect you conversations. I can be the one if you me them come over. Weed is all I need to get you ready. You feels right.


Die. Die. That is a tro. You and I the letters that was fire. I'm sorry for butchering your name because that was Fire Big Belly. You gonna join us today? You gonna send me something? Yo. What though? Alright. Did you get it? I did. Okay. Did you listen to it? Fuck you. It's called Minute by Hablot Brown. Sleep out.


Suck a dick. It's called Minute by Hablot Brown. You guys gimme Hey my man, my son Fuck off. Gimme my son. Never I'd be teaching you shit.


Oh my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad.


That is Minute by Hablot Brown. I like it. They look like they're trying to revive yacht rock Hablo Brown's my guy right there. That's my guy. Huh? She my son nodding off. Even close. Mel been my son Not even close. It Is cool man. No Kill you. Kill you with Sleepers Ish. Won sleepers Ish. Won the sleeper award. Okay. Really? Yeah. Oh I don't, No you don't pay attention over there. Yes you do. I heard a discord. It is a discord light mixed up. I wasn't, I was Not. You had everything yo give niggas a break.


Get your hands off the streets nigga. That's not even true though. It is getting that discord. It is the hammer on. That's not true. The hammer on them. That's not true. I seen it too. I don't go there 'cause I know my nigga letting Hammer fly's not true. True. I don, I don know. I don know You cursing niggas up. No, I want hear. It is never Well do you have a, an an award speech Mel, why you don't look happy for 'em? I You thought that would've been, that would've been your award. I'm a, I'm in different, Why are you indifferent? Because I just am. Congratulations or damn, sorry that's so salty. Whatever. Damn Lord. Shit. Jesus Wasn't, you wasn't happy when you thought he won a lot.


The scratch off. You know I told you. I Said I was. I said I was ambivalence. Damn. She said she was ambivalent. She was ambivalent. I don't Know what that means. Like I saw Maleficent. I don. Yeah man. Stay away from those groups don't You? Oh Yeah. I don. Fuck that. Yeah, he don't fuck with that. He don't give a fuck. How much time do you chair more? He ain't going over there. He stay stronger. The bullshit you could cheer me on. I don't give a fuck. Fuck That bullshit. That's number five. That's number five on my 2025 list. Spaceless. Spaceless. No, no. I'm giving y'all my list. I hear you. I'm not telling nobody what to do with their list. Oh no, I was saying I don't believe some stuff list, list list. An active case and Tim used to fuck outside of that.


Anybody? Y'all dude, y'all what? Stop doing that bro. It is my, this dumb nigga gonna say no that's, I didn't call you dumb but fuck y gonna say YI called TMZ on my cell. I didn't say that. I said said it. No, he said it Said I said the streets said that. TMZ said It. TMZ never said no shit like that. I'm Joking. I said The, I told the streets they was lying and That shit is insulting to me as a character. Yo Had your back, your street stop lying on my I your Back but ice. So that park said in the group then? No, I said what the street said. The street said yo, this nigga flipped tmz. How, How do you do it? Tell I didn't do that. That nigga that shit hurt my feelings. I I said yo, y'all Lying. I've fired you so bad.


Why would you fire at me if I'm telling you what You TMZ called my mother somebody from TM Z called my mother. She called me. Oh you met with them? Yeah. Oh yeah. So it was a Scheduled meetup. What do you, what do you mean? Yes. And what store was that? Where? That was over there by fu. I told em I'll be over in this area. They came. They did? Yeah They did. You Did In New Jersey. Of course I did. I Thought they caught you in Queens. So that's, I I thought they caught him at an airport or something. They was just at his crib. That was your kitchen Schedule meetup. Usually they catch a nigga at the airport in his kitchen outside the club. Nah, they don't catch you at the airport. That's not how it worked. But they reached out and said Yo, we wanna speak about this situation.


I had E and up. He told me nah but that was already too late. Wait, It is cool. That's It. Is the flipping mark beef all over again? Just let it rot. It is my man. It is. I didn't do that. It is my man. No matter what. You Just wanna find a reason to be turn that shit off real quick. You just wanna find a reason to be aggravated. I get what you're saying. I'm down with you. But it's no way you can watch that and feel like yo flipped did like Yes you could. For Real Said said you called Ian. No we talking said no, no, no. He didn't know about that part. He just found out that that about that part Today. Hey let freeze cook though for a Second. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You Said you called Ian. Ian TMZ wants to meet me, give something to say to them because I don't want to incriminate my man and I wanna troll them. And what did he tell you? He said gimme five minutes.


I'm gonna call you back. Then he sends me a text. Yo Joe got some active shit going on. I don't think you should do it. But that was like three 50 something. I was already on my way to meet them at four. So you Didn't do it Yet? No. And you still did it and you Still did it. I'm not telling him. Yeah, I didn't. Yeah. Your loyalty Is the TMZ? No, my J To The content. But, but what I'm saying is that not the JBP when you don't do that, don't play. Don't disrespect me like that. Don't disrespect me like that. You can see me out When you watch it. I don't think it was bad at all. Me. What'd they, what Did they ask you? But that's not for you to decide. True. And and if he decide he, it's Not on me to decide either. No, you didn't decide anything that was bad. It ain't on me to decide if, if that judge would've took it away that you niggas are doing press while I got this active serious case going on.


Then that I get it. I get it. I got you. I thought I did a good job. What? What they ask you Just about to talk about Joe's character Then I stopped them and shit and like ah, hold on. That's my man. He didn't say nothing bad about me. His response was great. It is just the fact that there's press being done while I got this. Yeah, I get it. No I get it. It's a very serious, it's serious. I was in serious shit. I get that. I might have made it look a a certain way even though I don't even think that. I think I was looking stressed. Oh you was bummed out dirty sweat. It was, I know. You know fucked old school was bad. What? Yeah. Oh my lord. Y'all Man. But each time you got a call you look fucked up. No he didn't look fucked up. You know he rich fucked up. But each time you got a call, each time you got a call we could see the tension come up. You know I'm telling you. Come down and down.


He ain't look fucked up. He can't trick us. Let's strike against this nigga. Yo. Way, way I look right now did I show up the park crib? Like looking like that? Yes. No, no. Different swat suit. Different Sneakers you had no jewelry on. Right? There wasn't no type, no jewelry. Nigga. What is jewelry in the box? Oh my lord. That jewelry had to go. That's number six on my list. Well You're chain that though. That's jewelry nigga yanked for me. I couldn't get it back here. Oh you Did? Yo. Oh my god. I made the call. Hey the goon, the goon walked. The goon walked in for real. Wait, what? The goon walked in today? For real. Excuse. Yo. Getting the shit out of here. Watch each watching. So how she so quiet? You can't be no disrespect. You can't be that size and just be that quiet nigga.


Like walk That bitch be tiptoeing boy. Every morning I try it. I wake up, I woke up 4 45 this morning talking about shit. Hey shout out to hu. Hey it's cold out there, isn't It? I'm like, wait Bitch, go to bed. It really be, if if you watch Joe's face, it really be getting, he just trying to think like what the fuck is Going. No. If I had hindsight back in the I'd have never dated a Scorpio. You think it So you believe in the sign thing, right? Scorpio? I believe it. I'm starting to. I believe. I know you didn't believe I Didn. I'm starting to believe in some of that shit. Absolutely. It's just too much that's happening. This alright. I believe it. Boy. It's just signs that just fit certain people man.


Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I've definitely been some shit It now Scorpios and Tauruses really are for Virgos. I think any other sign of Virgo will spin them right into the grave. But Tauruses and Scorpios like don't know how to play. Right. They like the shooters of the signs like, Yeah, my wife's Taurus though. I gotta learn more about signs. I don't really believe That. Yeah, Virgo Capricorn strong girl. Yeah. Virgos gonna fall to anybody with fucking good sex, which is Scorpios and too and the Zodiac. Got it. Got it. And the zodiac not you Leave her alone. What? Because she be thinking she a Scorpio nigga. Fuck you. What's your rising sign? Yeah, Yeah. Look, I got fucking small hands of soft mouth.


Okay, I'm doing just, whoa shit. Hey no, stop stopping her now she's on the move. Let's go man. I'm writing that in my lawsuit. Yo. You had that plan in your hands on me. Yo me. Yeah. I don't feel comfortable On let's go in my lawsuit. I already, I feel like I got a journal in Ballot dynamics that like stop that. But it didn't. Eh? Wait, she said small hands. What'd that mean? I Don't know. It sounded crazy. I don know it sounded like some It'll Help you. Nevermind. Make your shit look big if you know, you know She Do two hands shit. Oh, you gonna fit that?


Gonna do the Two hands to me. I'm talking about in general. No I'm not. You freak hands don't do that. You can't do, Can't do that. Okay, listen. Good show today. Oh shit. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Lemme put my headphones off a minute then put my headphones on real quick. Gotta stop. Gotta stop the broadcast. Not the music, but gotta stop the broadcast for a real one. We wanna shout his I Franklin friend of the show. Yes sir. Friend of the show. Hit the round of applause. Very first Pro Bowl. Very first Pro Bowl.


NFL Sack. Anytime Tackle Sack. You hear me? Ax. NFL Fucking tackle leader. Zaire Franklin and Gabe. Pat McAfee. That imaginary death. Yeah. I like, I like a little lightweight crash out directly after I call a nigga and say, yo, whatever you do, don't crash out. That's my favorite time when niggas to crash out. Anyway man. Yo, I want to again, shout out to the judge. Shout out to PrizePicks. Shout out to my attorney. Shout out to the fans. Thank you for your patience during this very tough and embarrassing time for me.


I was, oh my God, I was so embarrassed and ashamed so I'm sure you are. I gotta work on feeling embarrassed. I don't Embarrassed, right? Like even on a stand I was getting in my bag, I stopped like wait and I'm embarrassed. It's like, oh god, yo, I gotta take the stand more often. No, no. Oh my god. No. For real. That shit is an experience. Like every word you say, man, I was in they ass on that stand. Oh you got cooking? Yeah, because you can only answer the question that you asked that are asked. Yep.


So it's up to your wit to say what you trying to say or it's up to your wit to make your lawyer ask you some more shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So they gonna ask a very simple question. And I spent all that shit in the these racist. Fuck you go they Lord. I have checked. I have checked. I have checked. Yeah. Nigga, shut up. Oh man, what a fun time but not so fun time. It is dark and hell is hot. Let me remind y'all, keep us in your prayers. I am a shining example that lord. Lord knows. Oh my God. Lord knows y'all think it's just a pod outro. It should be real shit man. We need your prayers. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you, Thank you. Keep us to your prayers.


Lord knows we need to be here. Until next time I bid you a do farewell. Adio, cereba, dci, asta, lavista arvo. So long. Goodbye. A simple head nod will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. And lastly, let's go big Mel. You got it. Come on. I heard you do it while I was going. Lastly what? That it added to bad age and the cutie pies and the the stagnant women. And the closed minded. He was fucking my outro up. I think I did it right. Do It. Hit it on. Even think Word baddies are insecure. Now you're sitting right next to me and I'm all fucked up. Baddies are insecure. What's the next Stagnant women.


Stagnant Women want travel and the closed minded women teach men. Teach them things. Grab you a Tylenol, you're gonna need it. There you go. Okay. Big, big mail. Big fucking mail man. Right. Again. Again. Thank you guys. Thank you guys. Happy to be back with y'all. Happy to be back over here again. Round of applause for Park Studio. Thank you. Round Handy. Mark came Handy. You got damn right. The basement was fun. I can't wait to rearrange. Fuck you. Fuck it. My shit up leaving water bottles all over the place. I don't care about that shit. I just, my man came. It is gone. My control room's the wrong side. It is. All the Feng Shu is all backwards.


And you know what? As convenient as It is to just work from home or just go right downstairs. Sometimes it's good to just take a little drive real quick to work. Yeah. Like get out. I enjoy, like I said, I enjoyed driving here so I used to get the fuck out the house. Oh man, You got the benefit of coming the other way. Pause. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true. What you mean Going, Going into New York Is different. It is different than coming from New York. I gotta go back in New York. Yeah but it's But it's different. Different then too. Now one's reversed. It's different. It's reversed all of the fucking New Jersey. Yeah, the Jersey people work in the city. Right. Nobody don't live in the city. Work over here don't pay enough. You get what I'm saying. We get call sometimes. That shit Different.


Rest in peace. Catch steak. Yeah. Gone but not forgotten. A lot of good times over there man. Shout to everybody who might be mourning with us. Shout to Maddy too man. I seen Rihanna hit that girl's love karaoke. I seen that Riri was up in there. Hey, I'm so proud of her. Proud of Maddy man. Until next time y'all hold it down out there. Actually that's only right. Ooh. You wanna sit in with that though?


I thought the nigga with the calves. I Oh he wild Naked Going Too far. You know what I mean? And memory of me. The memory of naked Me. Hopefully everybody heard this podcast so I don't have to continue to explain myself to bartenders while they make me pineapple. But juice Shut. I'm gonna let this hook go and we are gone. He need one of these. He need one of these. This shit ain't bad. Right. He better call Tank. He better. He better. Who wrote this motherfucker Tank?


Right. You better call Tank playing around man. Nah, he write his own music. You see when Tank was here I played. I played fucking, I'm not perfect. Sure did. Hey so much. Hey yo, this was wonderful. If this shit happen to anybody else, I would be on their ass. Boy can you tell me about it? I, I appreciate the ops man. I appreciate the ops. Y'all took it easy on me. It took it easy for us. Alright man. Until the next time. Big Jersey. Big Jersey.


Hey, why this shit is too long? Sorry. Here We go. Daddy. J-B-P-J-P would be without the Bitch.