
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. I know. I think about it every week. So do a lot of comments. Wait, we record. We are so fans. We listen to your, yeah.


Oh shit. That payroll could look beautiful now. Hey, don't take a bunch of niggas to get it done. I'm talking shit. I'm talking shit. I'm talking shit. I'm talking shit. I feel like there's a mark and there's evil Mark. Oh, for sure. Absolutely. I've seen the evil Mark. I like it. I like that side. I feel like this whole show has been introducing Evil Mark to the world, honestly. And he's loving that shit. That nigga's Gonna flat earth you on that motherfucking Flat Earth Niggas still mad. They all, yo, That's why you, you better than me. That nigga's like, yo, you sound like a fucking idiot. I was like, screw. He kept saying more shit. I'm like, when Mark going check Yo, you gonna have a fucking problem.


What you was going do? Beat the nigga up through the Keyboard. Shit you was gonna do. You was to beat that nigga in the park. This dude jumped on my YouTube. Did you See that shit? This dude jumped on my YouTube. Yeah, he's, I wanted to beat these shit telling What happened for the people that didn't see what happened. So, ancient ice got these, these flat earthers hyped up now, right. So everybody says, I got hyped up. Niggas join me diagrams in my dms. Yo, this is what would happen with the X axis and the Y axis. If, if it was nigga shut up. Right? So then one of 'em challenging me to a debate. I said, I'll debate you with anything except flat Earth. 'cause I don't do that. I said, you can get Neil Degrass. Get who I get. I'm not a scientist. Right. So I'm not doing that shit. Who I've reached out to to come up here. Oh, that That'd be Great. Thank That'd, that'd be great.


So can It just be a, a one on two, the homie with him Versus the homie the flat Earth. Oh, that'd be dope. I love Neil Degrass. Me too. Absolutely. We got so much shit to talk About. Adore Neil Degrass Tyson. He's the, the way that he teaches. Yeah. He brilliant. Like Yeah. He just makes it so simple to understand. Extraordinarily complex. Right. And he's not a condescending dick bag like me. Yes. That's what I'm about to, you know what I was about to say? I was about to say yo, for him to be at, you know, at one point they called him the smartest man on the planet. I didn't know that. Yeah. So for him to have that in his not planet, He said the first one on the Planet Ex, yeah. Xplan. Right. But yo, he still ain't condescending. Like, You know what I mean?


I'm glad I know when to mind my business and when not to because whatever the shape the earth is, It don't matter. It is none of my, it don't Matter Y'all niggas. It is a real Thing. Dykeman gonna be dykeman. It don't matter. It don't Fucking matter. That's how I feel about It. I agree. No, I agree. But this nigga, and he's also a, this dude was a a a a Joe Button podcast stand too. So he kept saying, you not gonna keep talking to Isha Ice like that. You not gonna keep talking to Isha Ice like that. Like really? I ain't See that. That's my right. That's my man. Somebody that's my nigga. I'm gonna talk to him more like that. Exactly. That's my man. He was tweaking for y'all. And then he starts talking like you, he was like, I watch the show. And I was like, who is this stupid ass nigga?


Yeah, he was, he was wack. That's how you said when you get hyped. Right. So he started, so he started Didn didn't know In case you wondered. So, oh shit. And, and so he just kept saying like little jabs and then Mark wasn't checking the jab. Right. Because I'm like, so he just started throwing hooks. Right. He started throwing Overcut Uppercuts and shit. Yeah, he started Point and Mark was like, hold on, hold on, hold up. Yo, you ain't gonna keep talking to me like that. We gonna have a motherfucking problem. I'm like, yo, oh shit. Okay Mark, because yo, You right. I only got two. I'm a very calm person, but I only got two switches. And once I hit the other switch and I go somewhere else, I don't wanna ever do that. Yeah. Especially on, on camera. Well, calm is in how soon or not you get to the other switch.


You know what? That's, that's what It is. That's true. Yeah. It's, it's just, So if the guy that's in his room on Zoom, zooming you in his pajamas, eating So Steelo Can say anything to get you kind of there, I would argue you might not be the calmest. That's A fair. There's nothing they can say on the internet to me to make me wanna meet up and beat these people up. That's fair. That's fair. Didn didn't realize you were so calm. Actually until I watched the Knicks games last night. Oh shit. I didn you saw Call Calm. He was calm. I didn't see Calm. Joe was at Perfect Beast. Wait, calm.


I didn't see Calm Pressure. Hey, you got nails left. Oh yeah. I'm, I seen You already. So I'm Gonna start because I want to start y'all. Let's get the proceeds proceeding. Let's go. Let's fucking go. I think this nigga got no fingernails left. Right? It was a close game. It was a close game. He know. Close. Too close. He Oh man. Oh my. Yo, yo. Oh my God. Yo. Come around talking. Shout to my brothers. Flip. I shout to our sister Mel, Always Here with us in spirit.


Shout 50 chance we hurt You. I'm thinking about y'all because I know y'all will want to get some of these jokes off with these guys. These guys sound nice and excited. We have A real good time today though, man. Yes sir. Up out there. Waking up out there. Big Fan in my life.


Bitch at me this Heart. I don, man. I turn out. Shout to wherever you might be listening from. Or wait for the ladies Peni. Feeling good, Feeling great.


Shout To all the subgroups out there. All the first and last time listens. Shout to all the hate groups out there. All the support groups. We need to love. We need to love. Hey, Hey. Getting Hot outside. Excuse night outside. We pulling the guard down. We pulling the guards out. Hey man, I thought you A little Ferrari out there the other day. Oh yeah, I know, but I'm, I'm talking to all the niggas that hit me when I pulled the Ferrari out. Like, yo, I just got the McLaren. Let's go. Let's go. Right. We on that. Fuck they talking about.


Nine, five. Shout The entrepreneurs out there. All the parents listening. All the children All. Alright, let's get to it by special request. Oh, y'all know, I, I was, I was playing some r and b shit.


I had some lucky day queued up. You had a lucky Day. I I. Come on. Come on. Which step? Damn Man, I can't. Niggas Wanted me dead on 34th Street. Man. And niggas. Guys damn Niggas wanna be out here. Crazy. It's crazy.


Alright, we gotta change the name of that to many co-hosts. Yo. Many, many cohosts. Oh man. Lemme get these drops out the way right quick so we can have some fun. Man. I don't wanna delay the proceedings any longer than I already had. Mark stayed up all night with His pin pad out. WASSUP. I didn't really, I didn't really bank on Ish being hilarious. But, Excuse me sir.


I'm sorry. I Have to. Sometimes there's s that you didn't plan for. They come up and you gotta work around it, man. What episode is this? Eight 19. Welcome to episode eight 19 of the Joe Button podcast. I am still alive. Few bitch ass niggas. Thank you. Huh? Take that. I'm here. Made it to work. Yeah. No bruises Or nothing. Y'all would just Love it. Well, we don't know. I got shades on. That is true. I got Some, got shades on. Welcome to episode eight 19 you said? Yeah. Of the Joe Button podcast. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, happy to be here. Host here with a few really amazing people to my right. Just A few this time. Yeah. Literally. Literally Just a mini men, right? Dr. Mark Lamont Hill is in the building. Dark Lamont Hill Evil Mark.


Okay. Evil Mark. Evil Mark is there. You can tell. I can tell. Yeah. Big issues here. King Wawa himself. Elmira Finest Parks is in the building pose here. Corey is here. Ericson is here. Nobody else is here. That's it. That's it. That's It. Chapter Savena here with us by remote Last but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys out there are here. How you feeling Joe? I feel good. I almost wish you could call Fat Joe to give his version. What happened? I don Dunno if I wanna hear Skinny Joe's version his story. I don my skinny Joe Fat Joe's Assessment. Yo, This Is just hilarious. Already. I had such a great night last night.


Last night was great. Yeah. Got outta there. So I did watch like towards the end of the game and he was no longer there. Oh. And that's why I was like, I wonder how things really went like behind the scenes. You last in the middle of a nail biter. Mm Yeah. Oh that was a close game fan. It was. That was, I don know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't say Nailbiter to me. Yeah. Ever again. Alright, where y'all wanna start. Seem like it's a lot to unpack. What do y do Y'all want me to tell a story? I don wanna joke around. We'll add our, we'll add our commentary. I hope Wallow coming here so he can.


And he said you in Madison Good Garden right now. Well y'all hit me to see if I was all right. Yeah. Y'all are hitting me so we could ride. I gave up on that. Oh No. You call us nigga like, yo you up. He gonna be like Yo, what the fuck you think nigga? Yo. Yo. We calling me with this bullshit. Yeah. You got it Finn. Alright, where are you? Good. So I had tickets to game two of the Pistons versus the Knicks. The Knicks won game one. Yeah. Not in a beautiful fashion game One. Yeah. Yeah. It was close But we won and my baby was coming.


It was gonna be date night. It's gonna be a beautiful time in motherfucking New York City. So decisions to make, right? Sure. Phantom. Like how we doing this tonight? This is deflection or something. I don't know what It is. It's one of them things. No, I'm telling my, I'm telling my story. What do y'all want me to start at? No, no. When you got glimpse lay up. Okay. Alright. That's funny. Okay. That's funny. Anyway, so I Planned on being Early, right? 'cause it's the Knicks, it's playoffs building was going to be packed.


I imagine this to be nuts. So I had this mapped out for us to leave 30 minutes early. I'm going with my lady. So we end up running 45 minutes late but we still end up walking into the good times. So we walk in and we get there and we walk in. There's a good seat right next to the Nick's bench. I'm excited. The game started already. No. Oh okay. Great seats. No, no. He had great seats. Really? Really? I don't want to talk to Mark. I don't want to hear from Mark at all because you a Little too condescending And while I'm telling my Story I might not catch it. Great seats. Great seats. But they were really good seats. Yeah, They were. So we go and the game didn't start yet. We we, we made it on time and time to get our sushi. The crab meat. You sushi hot dogs.


We went got some? No, no I didn't do hot dogs. Oh, Okay. Didn didn't do hot dogs over the weekend. I ate anything that wasn't tied down to the floor. So I went to bed feeling really shitty and ashamed of myself. Yeah. Looking forward to every number two. I had to take so I wasn't about to go in the garden and do my garden gizzy thing. Okay. We were keeping it cute tonight. Sushi, crab, water and juice. And we go into the seat, let's do it. And it's packed in there. Everybody is in there. Boy. All of the white stars, I don't know who the fuck they are was in there. It be a lot of money in the garden. What Lot of money. Duh. But It is different.


It's playoff time a lot. A lot of money. Yes. Duh. Playoff time Is crazy. Nigga James Dolan is in the front of the behind one of the baskets and like a polo with a blazer. A lollipop like a fisherman's hat. Legs crossed family as is. It is just like, oh you playing just different looking like a J Crew Ad. Yeah, Exactly. Then Spike is over there and It is just some of the Jewish money is in here. Vince Stiller, John McEnroe. Yes, exactly. Gary V behind me. So I'm already in Phony mode is what I'm saying. I bet Gary V. Long time.


No, no. But I do love Gary V. Yeah, but not that I'm telling you I do love him. But it's the, you know, so and so we do gotta get su get lunch money. Come on. So we doing all of that And we go, we sit down cool. We sit there and ain't nobody sitting in front of me. Yeah. Yeah. So then Fat Joe comes in with his daughter and they sit down. Shout to Fat Joe. Shout to Fat Joe. Shout to Joe. So me and my girls start talking about the Botte Bottega outfit that Fat Joe got on. But in my head I say now the last few times I've seen Fat Joe in the garden, he has been directly next to 57 Mm.


And I said, wouldn't that be funny If those are the, It is only two seats left. They right in front of us. Those are the only two empty ones. And sure enough, as God would have it, 50 comes in. And my man, my man, my man, I'm right now Yeah Eve, shout to Eve. So I adapt Eve and 50 just sit down. But he don't see me. Mm. But his man sees me but he don't see me. And Fat Joe knows I'm here, but he don't see me. All right. The game started. Yeah. We watching. Fuck it.


We watching the game Now Were you Quiet? Not cheer. Not cheer too loud. Yeah. Stomach was talking. I about say his heart was pounding. His RB sound like S Right. Exactly. Marv Albert turning around and shit. Like How Fuck that, the fuck is that? Did you change your yelling? Somebody let some doves in the building. Now you have a decision to make in this moment. Right? Because I contrary to whatever the internet is saying, I don't think there's a problem. So when he is sitting down, I want to grab him by his shoulder and say something to him. Didn't Do that though. Only 'cause my girl is here.


Sure. That is the only reason that you just look too pussy. Right. Doing that where you want your clothes Hat how, how pussy. What? And that's your normal thing. No. Yeah. Look and people think y'all got beef and then you like, Hey buddy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, nah. You don't look pussy Girl. Every camera in the world is on in here. Yeah. Every celebrity is out. And You right there, your girl is here. Right. We buy Thibo though. You're not underneath the basket or something where you could be out the way a little bit. When he see me, he'll see me and we'll kick it.


We'll chop it. Right. But to do the extend shoulder hang, I'm right behind you. It Is the pussy and shit out her. That's Instead of toxic masculinity. That Is the put. I don't care what you say. That that to me what y'all think. Oh, I don't think that. If that's your norm, if that's your norm, and that's something I normally do. Your 50 Cent ain't beefing. Of course we not beefing. Of course. So if that's your normal thing, like if, if if, if it would've been none of this stuff happened and he walked in and he sat down and he didn't see you, you'd like yo No I wouldn't have done it. Yeah, you would've. No I wouldn't. I don't do that. That's all right. When I'm outside, I'm not the initiated be seen guy. I really low you just sitting. Right.


But that's not important. That's a real life thing. It don't matter right now. So I'm not doing that 'cause my girl is there and we not pussy. I respect that. I what talking about And then what happens? Oh, so now this is why it's funny because there's famous levels in the garden. For sure. You're level two. I'm not level two three, I'm a different level. He's in row two, He's level like five. Oh nah. He might be like three. Don't do that. Don't try to You 3 3 3 is fair. 11 three. I say it to say my garden experience is never being the famous guy in the Garden City front. Don't put Put you up a little Celebrity shit.


Pictures. No. Y'all here me talk. I come in here and talk shit saying I'm more famous than half of them little white act kid actors, they be putting up there, but it's not about that. And I'm low. So Fat Joe and 50 Cent being in front of me means that this is about to be a different thing. And it's some black people in this garden that know me so they know what this situation is. Okay. So they look at me. So every time the little white lady come over to Fat Joe and 50 Cent with some big time celebrity shit, there's black people around us. Like I see it. What, what's, what's going on?


Cool. So I say to my girl, yo, if they come over here with that celebrity camera shit, I'm wrapping my set. 'cause I have to, I have to just 'cause it's here. She said, don't you dare do that shit. This shit gonna be all over the internet. I said, I have to do it. And sure enough they came over and I looked And I said, and we laughed and laughed and laughed. And then I, and five minutes after that, I think he seen me after that. Well actually in my story he didn't see me.


It is always her. That's making it hot. Mm. He seen her, he turned around and he said, oh shit Joe. And then we spoke the nature of the conversation that will remain between us. He apologized and kept it pushing. Please sir. No, not tonight. We had, we had a good time just to start a for just let, stay start sir. You just have fun, Fun in front of my girl. Please. Not in front of my kids. Gus not in front of my kids texting Fat Joe.


The low like yo, she make us cool. Oh shit. That nigga Got called Lloyd Banks. Everybody Know y'all are so dumb. But it but it's so now. But wait now. 'cause before any of this even happens, nigga Man I tell you my phone is on absolute fire in here. Yeah. My phone is buzzing in a way that It is never buzzed before with people that I didn't even know. Watch basketball. Everybody is is is up. My aunts is up the the children is up. Your 5-year-old nephews is up watching, your brothers is watching. Everybody is watching this game. I'm like, oh, they definitely got us on.


Yeah. You was trending on Twitter? Yeah. Oh, I didn know you. You was trending all like all night. Like that's How I saw nigga started sending me the photo. I didn't, I didn't even understand because the photos that I got, like they weren't good photos. I couldn't really see 50. Right. So I'm like, what the fuck nigga? I know he got tickets. Like you could see Joby, you couldn't see 50. Yeah. So I'm like, yo, I, I know the fuck. I know he got tickets. Like why you sending me the shit? This dude, he was kissing Somebody's ass. You know whose he was? Huh? Nothing. I don't get it. But no Joke anyway, don't worry about it. So then I'm like, yo, I don't understand. And then somebody hit me like, yo, you See that bullshit your man see, see, see Karma.


I'm like, what are you talking about? They're like, nigga you ain't see the picture I sent you? I'm like, yeah, I don't get it. Then they said, nigga go, go look at the first row. And I look. I said, oh okay. Oh you did look a little pervis though. You was, you was Pervis Ellison. Let, let let y'all tell us, let y'all in the internet Saying you a person who was trying to look calm was It. And I ain't gonna step on it. He was smiling hard. You look like he, I'm trying to look cool. I'm not even rebutting none y'all saying because even that look Puty button, Button, Yo get your shit off. Yo Remember cartoons and nigga be eating as they old Typewriter.


It's cool dog. Oh shit. Did you see fifties Instagram posts later? I saw at the game. Oh, okay. He posted at the game. I saw it at the game. Yeah. I, I thought so that's, I didn wait to Leave the post. That was, that was after. After our talk. After we talked. Okay. Yeah. He the way 'cause the, But it was a really good talk. It was a great talk. You felt safe after the talk? I felt safe before the talk. Oh okay. Because the post was I, I seen Joe, he told, he said, I don't need therapy no more. I don't need therapy no more. But it sounded, it to my ears was like he ain't say basically like he ain't say I need therapy in person. You know what I mean? So that's how I took it. Yeah. So people took that. I think people gonna read that post and think that like he was the shrink. Yeah. Joe Jokes Is big Jokes aside because 50 is who he is before he got here.


Right. So his reputation precedes him. So we know why we treat these matters with a certain level of sensitivity. However, he's also a genius behind this internet stuff. For Sure. Yeah, for sure. So I always look at the internet shit as him doing internet shit. Right. And being a master of that. And that's it. And that's it. Yeah. At no point he Manages to stay relevant regardless Of whatever the hell's going on. And I've had this talk with him in the past. Right. Like I think some people don't know that him and I have other ties. Him and I have gone through things in the past. This internet years, this internet at Target Niggas is up.


Yeah. Target the hookah spot. Like I always bump into him in the most random of and unexpected of places. But anytime I've ever seen him it's been a great talk. It's been a great talk. So I forgot why I've just brought all that up to serious. I didn't mean to but just To let us know you're safe. Yeah. You got cover, you Cover your, well y'all didn't come pull up to help. They would listen but Yes we have tickets. Yes. You can't get game. I was, I was safe. We had a good time. Oh. And back to this leaving at the end of the game. 'cause I see this, this is a thing. Yeah. Yeah. And Marcus knew. So he don't know. I'm gonna leave before the game is over In a playoff game. Close. It is a Nailbiter. I it wasn't a Nailbiter, it was a nail bite. It was not a nailbiter. By the time we left, we had missed a shot that would bring us within four.


We was down like five or six with two minutes left. It looked the best. You don't think being down five in a playoff game was a winnable game? Five with two minutes left And y'all was going body shot for Body shot. That's not what was happening in that fourth quarter. I watched the whole game bro. Okay. I didn't see the game So I didn that was a close ASI quarter. Close fourth quarter I would've left under normal circumstances. I'm leaving with five minutes left on the clock. I stayed. I do that too. I stayed longer. Yeah, you stayed there too long. And that block to get up to the Lincoln Tunnel, you'll be there for sure. You'll be there for an hour. I'm leaving. I'm always leaving. See I'm not here to play. I'm never staying to the end of a game. Nah, I'm Not Summer Jam concert Movie, strip Club.


Movies, movies, movies. I I, I'm leaving early. Like if them, if the, if the end of the movie is kind of over, for the most part, If I don't care about this movie anymore, I'm Walking out. Yeah. I'll stand up at the edge of my girl and just stand right there. That's crazy. I don't care that much about traffic. Yeah I do. Oh I Do. I try to beat the traffic but if it's a playoff game, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't miss if Then it was a close game bro. That game could have went either Way. Two threes If Karath Townend played well either Bro, they was down three Played. Well that was the worst game if Nick played all all year. That I think both games went like that. I think, I think what happened in those two games and It is the eight blocks where we ain't gonna talk sports. But I think they were some of the worst officiated games I've seen them niggas was out there playing Gorilla Ball fucking each other up both games.


They was fucking each other up and the Knicks were the beneficiary of a bunch of 'em calls. I think they just couldn't. Well they, they got even last night they used to be in Bully. They Got even last night because Detroit got a whole bunch of calls last night and we didn't get shit. I don't know what Tom Thibo was doing. But I ain't, I ain't gonna say nothing about it in case I go to game five and and see these people. That boy dur, dur dur on, on the Pistons is a big nigga. Yeah. Like yo, I think and that nigga dived into the crowd. He dived into the crowd while I'm sitting right there. Oh Yeah. Shit. Oh yeah. No I had, that must be no joke.


I had to pick Rick Brunson up off the floor. Rick Brunson ain't a small dude. Reach out to Rick Brunson. That's my man shout. That's man. And then the little white nigga that fucking nose was bleeding. That a mess over there Joe. Game five if the Knicks lose, are you, are you sports superstitious? Like if you, if they lose twice with you in attendance, do you stop gonna, the games, The Knicks lose the, the Knicks lose when I'm there. That's the, that's the running joke with me and my dad. When I go and don't know wins happen. You gonna keep going despite that. Yes. Because This ain't all year anyway. This ain't all year to to win it. No, To win at All. Yeah. This ain't all year. I thought you had a chance to get to the east, the Eastern finals. But I Still think we got a chance. Not me. I still think we got a chance. It depends, some health, some health issues.


I mean It is Possible. I don't want say what I, I don't want to say what I want to say 'cause Tatum is my man. But shit, if them bones get to breaking over, that's what I'm saying on, on the Celtics, That's the health issues I'm talking about. Yeah. That's my man. We don't wish that on Jason Tatum. 'cause on the low I root for the Celtics too 'cause I love that. I love their coach. He's a minister society. Yo. Did you see when, when Tatum fell he told Yes and he told the medical dude the trainer No, don't go over there. Get up, Get your light-skinned ass up. He's a monster. And I, I respect that 'cause I'm tired of seeing players hit the floor and get and stay down for five minutes. Like they got shots. Yeah. Just to get up and play again. It's like no it's true. Knock it off and Joe Mazuto's like knock it off. Yeah. But anyway, anyways, Anyways, so Yeah, I, I left, I entered my car safely.


Got home safely. Well not even 'cause he, she go ah, let's keep the night going. Yep. Let's keep this party going. It is going. I'm like wait, why Yeah, why It is little ready, let me just go do what I gotta do on the crib. So now we run over there and then from there, now she's all the way gone. Yep. She, she know Jan's like, ah, drive through McDonald's. Wait it sound like my wife to a tee. Oh my drive through McDonald. Lemme get some nuggets and some all this drunk shit. Yeah. Yeah. Alright cool. So then we do that and by the time we get in the house, she's, It is now singing the Sunset Park song. Oh shit. So on. It is time to get live.


It's time, it's time to represent. That was the shit Sunset Park time. Hey, if you don't get your drunk ass in the fucking man, not time for Onyx Fred yo, the Sunset Park song. That's when you know somebody is just gone. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Oh we had a great night last night. I ain't gonna lie. That's sounds fun. It was a really good day, night and only me. Yeah, only me. That is true. Only me. Hilarious. I'm glad you're safe though. Yeah, me too. Me too. That's what I got for you. Me too. That It is. I'm safe too. Yeah, I'm safe too. You lucky.


I'm lucky. Look like JBP handle all family business. Wait, what b you had? I woke up this morning to find out that my beef with AK is over academics. Come on. Applause. I'm glad you piece it up tough. You lucky. Yeah, me too. You lucky Big ak AK is a friend of the show. Yeah. Yeah. AK is more than a friend of the show, but he's a friend of the show. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I, you know, we've had issues I guess for the last couple years. I hadn't really think, I ain't think about it like a beef, you know, 'cause I, I wasn't actively beefing, but what the fuck were y'all beefing about? So a couple, about maybe 2022. He had made a comment that I disagreed with and I found problematic.


Okay. I'll just say that. I don't wanna put it out there 'cause I don't, I don't wanna go back down that road. But, and I tweeted about it and he didn't like my tweet. So I think he first he tweeted Mark Lamont Hill's a bitch, bitch ass nigga. Something like that. Right. Which I took as him being upset. Sure. And then he, he deleted that and then he, but he went live then he went live that night And shitted on you. Oh. It was crazy. He said he was going to, That's the way he does his work at, He was gonna smack me when No, he was gonna spit on his his hand and smack me when he sold. Yeah. Oh. That's what the, that's what the live button do. Little man Emanny heard you see in the mix. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Home at Comfy.


Yeah. Back at the cul-de-sac. Yeah. I'm getting my shit off. Right. A couple drinks. Get, get it look. And people was like tagging me and shit like, da da and then it just, it got, I didn't watch all of it because I couldn't, You know what I mean? But it went long. The video went long enough that I was like, okay, he, he going in on this. He just really bothered him. And I was thinking like, we get criticized for a living. Right. And I didn't say nothing personal, but I guess he took it personally and Didn didn't respond. 'cause I was like, two reasons Didn didn't respond. One, like, I don't like the back and forth shit. Especially when you start talking about violence. Like I'm not getting on the internet like you were scared. Terrified. Yeah. Terrified. You lucky didn't Catch you in the garden Act. It would've went way different.


Oh yeah. No, he didn't show no mercy for all big act for Mark. Yeah. That's probably true. But unlike you, I squashed it. You know what I mean? I stepped up. If I know somebody I squash it. But why didn't you squash this? You squash? I did. Oh, that's what I'm saying. And he, it was no reciprocity. Oh, so you brought peace to his life. You, you squashed beefs now? Yes. Oh Well it's groan Joe. Now. I will, I will say Joe did squash because what happened was act, act, act was going create that way. He was gonna smack me all this shit. Right. So I was like, I, I was calm in public, but in private I was, I was on tent. You were doing pushups. So I called Joe, this is like two years after he was doing curls with books. Come on. Two boys. You know, I was, I called, I, I said this story before, I just didn't mention it was act.


I called him to tell, to tell me what to do. This is like two years ago. And I called him Charlamagne and Van Laton. Right. And that's hilarious by, but, and I did it. Yo yo guys I need help was super, it was like, it was like I was trying to, I was trying to, because he said he wanted to meet, meet up with me to fight. Right. So I the fuck. So I'm called Charlemagne. Yo pull up with me. Yo, what the fuck is up with this nigga? Me? Get him off from me. Y'all get em off. Yeah. You know what I mean? Get 'em off me. Big act called everybody in big big act. Yes. I love this story. So I, and I'm calling each one of that I thought was going to hype me up to tell me like, you know, chill out, jump out the window.


Which is what I was looking for an excuse to do. Oh this nigga is, is laughing because I, I this why I only, I only talked to Joe like on the phone like maybe twice. No you Did not call Joe Button Charlamagne and Van Layton and think that they was gonna put a battery in your back. I thought him and Charlemagne was, I thought Van would on paper though, never two of those names sound like they might un un un understand. Van Text Van's the one who texted me the video. So I, I hit Van back as a courtesy. Like, yo, what the fuck is that? His man, like what's up with your man, blah, blah blah. I feel like Van might do other Low too. I think there's an evil van in there. So I don, there is an evil van, but Van is reasonable with other people just like, just like me. I wouldn't tell none of y'all to do that shit. Yeah. Oh shit. I think me and Van squashed. Well, nah, let me not take it too far. So, so I called Joe and Joe was like, he's like, man, leave that shit alone man.


Like let that shit go. You marking my hill. Like you can't be out here fighting niggas. Right. And then I felt like a dickhead for even mentioning it. Right. Because I'm like, and then the, well you should have. Then Charlemagne told me some story about, he started talking about pigs and mud and ca some country shit I didn't understand. But the, the at, at the end of the story, it seemed like he didn't want me to, he wanted me to leave it alone too. And then, and then Van, I knew Van was gonna do so I left it alone. I ain't say nothing else. And there's been other times where him and Vlad have said shit like, you know, you think end my career, da da da. Right. Okay. Whatever. So I ignore all of it, didn't care. And I was like, if we ever see each other, we'll talk in person. I'm, I'm confident I'm not gonna get smacked. So I'm not letting the act do That.


You, I don hold Up. Come on. I don't need nobody to let nobody not smack Me. Oh. Then I'll unsend the text. So if you don't need that, put the smoke back in there. Put the smoke back in. Let me unsend the text I sent to him. So, so Now you can do it to him. Now he's any cool. Put powder on your hand first. Right. They gonna you up LeBron shit, he gonna smack this shit out. They gonna, you, so more importantly, how did you end the beef? So ba basically what happened was the other day, I guess he made another video about why he didn't come. He, he mentioned that he hasn't been come to JVP and now that I'm there, he don't feel comfortable.


And he didn't say comfortable. Basically he wasn't coming up here. And part of it, I I I, as I interpreted it was 'cause I'm here. Right. Wow. Not like, 'cause 'cause he, you know, he, he got beef so he won't wanna be on the set with somebody. He got beef without pre presume. It is the reason. And then when we, we went to mess ass spaces with the JB P TV folk. Me and Joe was on there on Sunday. And they told you you got put something in that contract. They raised, they raised the issue. Well, no, mark knows how to space. Oh Okay. It Is nevermind. And so they asked me the question and I gave the most honest answer I could, which is I don't have beef. W like I I don't have, It is not a personal issue. I said something that he didn't like. It wasn't personal, but I went through the whole bit And I said, I'm not out here trying to have beef with anybody, but at 46 years old, but especially another black man.


Like that's corny to me. Like what the fuck we gonna beef about? And dude, we definitely ain't got nothing to fight about. You know what I mean? You Said that act has a voice to people want to hear from Yes. And yada yada yada. I said all that and it was sincere. Yeah. And I called the big homie and the big homie made my problem go away. Got it. Okay. Gotcha. So then this morning when I woke up, I didn't say none of that in 50 tier. I didn't do none of that. You my brother, yo black on black Queens get the money. Right. You went in there with all that bullshit. So, so at the end of the day, I, this morning right before we started recording this, I heard act respond. And he basically was like, there's no issue. Like he said, he, he thought that I was coming at him personally, but more importantly he felt like I was looking down on his platform and people like him about what they do.


And so he kind of, he's saying he jumped out the window because he felt like I, you know, like I, that he worked hard for this platform. He felt like I was dismissing all of his work and saying he he was worth, like his platform wasn't worth anything. And that wasn't what I was, that was never what I was doing. You know, I've been in social, in media for a long time and I, I respect all platforms. For me it's about what they say, not about the platform. So he, we ain't got no issue. So that's it. So again, JBP has handled all family business. Yeah. Round of Applause. Today we peaceful. Yeah, we around peace. Y'all got any, y'all Need to settle? We round of applause. Snow beach bitch. Yes. I'm a bitch. I nigga Out. Look, I'm at the age where I'm comfortable. People think I bitches, I'm, I'm okay with that.


You know what I'm saying? I, I know I can fight. I can defend myself. If something come up, it come up. But other than that, that, that's how I feel. Yeah. Like yo people are crazy. Right. I was reading some comments from the game last night. Like what did they think was gonna happen at Madison Square Garden Playoff game two Playoff playoffs. Like niggas do you know up niggas are, I was about to say what You Right. Two multimillionaire black men. Right. Like nigga walking around on the floor. Yeah. Like dog. Yeah. That's crazy. The only time I've ever seen that happen was actually with Shannon Sharp when he was at the LA Lakers game when he was about to fight half. He was about to fight J's dad. Oh Yeah. All of them. Oh yeah. And, And they wasn't about to, they wasn't fight either.


Neither. But wasn't even the posturing of looking like he was about to It is a lot. Yeah. And it looks like a lot Speaking of Shannon. Shannon and a lot, he just, I know. Yeah. Those that don't know Shannon Sharp has been sued civilly for $50 million. I Googled her images too. Not just a normal Google. The, the woman who you, God damn right. The woman filed the case as a Jane Doe And he unchained dor. Right, right, right. I'm Just, I'm just making that Clear. How, how do you feel about that? I don't, I haven't Put you in a tough spot. It, It, It is tough because I, I believe that I know why people have Jane doe's.


I, I know that victims get harassed. They get a, they get verbally assaulted, they get railroaded, they get doxed and a lot of things happen. I also believe in people having a fair process and I need to be able to confront my accuser and I need to be able to address my accuser. So for me it's attention and I don't, I don't have a, a answer for exactly where I land on it. It is kind of case by case basis. Is it Circumstantial? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So in this case, in this case, how do you feel About it? I I I need to know her name. Especially given, especially given the fact that Tony Busby is behind this. Yeah. For me that is with his reputation a deal maker. Yeah. When you, when you hire an attorney who has a history of doing a certain thing that is unethical and probably illegal, How is he still getting the shit off?


Because most celebrities a track record. Yeah, It is, It is his history and the impact. Most people don't want mud on them. So He's been successful getting the shit off. Oh, he's Successful all the time. Yo, he's probably, oh, okay. He's Probably unbeknownst to Us and he might just be the poster child right this second. But millions of lawyers across the globe are getting this off. Right. Got it. Right. Got it. The Fact, and that shouldn't take away from Right. The real And that's the problem. Is it, that's one of the problems. It is. It it does, It is that It does. It shouldn't. So now what happens when the next celebrity dude that might unfortunately really do some shit to a woman, it it softens the blow because now it's like, eh, did this really happen?


'cause the last two people said, you get what I'm saying? And that, and that's unfortunate to the people that really get violated. Or, or, or, or assaulted whatever. Yeah. Assaulted. And she may have been again, I don't, I don't, I don't wanna assume that she, she Yeah. Yeah. We don't know. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. We don't know. Don't wanna assume she's not. But again, I, I get your point. I know Seeing 2025 in the, in the docket was a fucking blow to me. Which normally when these come up, it's like, oh, some shit that happened 10 years ago. He did this in this year. Right. She was like, yo, in 2025. Right. He was wild. And I was like, god damn. And, and it's, it's so many parts to this, this story. First it it's the, the allegation, right?


Obviously people have a civil suit. Some people are saying if it happened in 2025, why didn't you go to the cops? There are legitimate reasons why people don't go to police with sexual assault cases. So I don't want to assume that somebody who only sues criminally or only Sues civilly is lying. But that's one piece of the case that we have to talk about. The other piece of It is Shannon comes out with immediately, with, immediately with his response. Yeah. Two pages. No, no, no. Before that. Oh, timing. Yes. Timing is important because Shannon Sharp just got announced that he was potentially looking at a hundred million dollars gift. Yes. A huge Deal. And I would like, that's where my focus is. Right. So the timing of that, that's one. Yeah. And then you sue for 50 million. So him inking that deal or him settling out, that's the motivator.


Like, yo dog, we'll go away. So you could go get your a hundred, gimme eight, gimme 10. You get what I'm saying? Like, yeah, we gonna sue for 50, but we'll really take 10. We'll really take seven. It it's a timing thing. It's even Messy than that. Sometimes it, sometimes it's what you said, but it's also, look, gimme five and we're good. But if I go public, I'm gonna ask for 50 and you might not get the hundred. That's the thing. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Now we gonna leverage your hundred million dollars be a black. It's extortion. Yeah. If I, I would like to focus on that for a second. At the risk of which piece, I know we talking about a sensitive subject. Oh yeah. But I want to focus on the timing of it. Yeah. With his announcement of a hundred million dollars and so forth and so on.


'cause I've just seen that happening too much. And I have to ask, where are these announcements coming from and why do we need them? I I've never heard him announce it. He might've, I didn't see anything where he publicly announced it. You know, the rumor mill, it's like wge, you know what I'm saying? Or Hins that'll announce some potential shit coming up because it makes for good media. It's click beatty. Alright, that Was halfway a rhetorical question. I didn't really want the answer. Oh no, no. I'm just saying that's where we are in society. Assuming that Shannon's deal is up, which is what they're saying, you would assume that he's in a negotiation stage, which is normally when these drops start to happen of, of reports someone close to the situation knows and who knows what Shannon wants and what he is looking for and why would they announce it.


I feel like usually that's their own team using it as some type of leverage pull To let somebody somewhere know that this is the ballpark. Yeah. Right. They want to be, they'll Come over here talking about $20 million Or we'll overinflate what we really want. Let's say he wants 50. Yeah. I don't think he wants a hundred. You Get what I'm saying? The publicist will throw it out there that he's negotiating 400. Right. That might be his team to, And I'm not gonna say what he is or isn't worth of 'cause I don't think that's right. Get as much as you could get. Of course, for sure. In all of it. Right. But this is a, we are familiar with it as a negotiation tactic on one side, like y'all have said. So on the flip side of that, not to be this person, but one if I want to devalue that there's a history in this country of putting out stories where we could shit on you.


I'm not saying that that's what the volume is doing or that that's, that they're responsible for this. But I think that people should stop announcing the money that they're looking for because this is what comes with it. It's, It is the gift and the curse. Yeah. So you're trying, you're trying to negotiate to get a high, a higher coin, but somebody's gonna come along and make sure that now you just done and that coin that you think you was getting, you, you, it's like pointless. It's just No, it's no, it's no reason for it. Any, it puts you in more danger, Doug. I I It puts you at more risk to announce it. I used to go to like real estate seminars and shit.


Right. And they said that it's people out here that literally read the obituaries. Like lawsuits is a, a hustle. It's a hustle for some niggas. Right. So you'll read the obituary and let's say it says real estate tycoon passes away, he leaves his family a net fortune of $200 million. There's a lawyer that will backdate a suit. Go file that shit for 4 million. Right? Just say 4 million something like dog. Now your shit gonna go on probate. So now we gonna say, yo, we suing you for 4 million for whatever this shit gonna hold up. You getting 300, $400 million. What the kids typically do and be like, yo, tell 'em we'll give 'em $2 million to go away so that we can get on with our, our estate shit.


Right. Because It is all, It is all not free money, but it's all profit. Yeah. 'cause now we could literally be in probate for three, four or five years and tie up your bread. You want the 300 million or you wanna gimme 2.5, we'll settle for 2.5 and niggas will get that. That's a scam. And that's Tony Busby's approach. He goes to celebrities behind the scenes and says, look, I got some allegations against you. Pay me now. Pay me now. Or it's gonna go public. Knowing that just the public smut on your name, It is gonna fuck a business. Fuck a business. You may lose more fighting the case even if you're innocent than otherwise. Again, I'm not saying this woman isn't, wasn't harmed. I don't know her. I don't know the case. I don't know them well enough to say. But again, picking Tony Busby, just picking that kinda lawyer to me, it automatically marks you if you are a victim of, of sexual assault.


And I, I'm, I mean this sincerely, please don't pick Tony Busby. 'cause it doesn't, it just doesn't Do you? Certainly not right now. Not right now. Not right now. And, and probably never. It, it doesn't do you any favors? Shannon did something interesting though to me. He posted on Instagram, his immediate response hit All Of his freaky ass texts. Right. He posted the text messages from the woman. I'm not mad at that neither. I ain't mad at all. I Don't like that. Listen, It is something that I wouldn't do. We wouldn't normally do that. But yo, when you fighting for your life, my nigga, it's a different ball game. Y'all niggas need to stop. I'm not done doubling down on the point. Y'all announce your money for what? I'm not off of that yet.


I ain't I'm with you. I'm with you. Because the, the white dudes don't do it. And when they do it, it's a lie. Joe Rogan has fucked up the black community. I'm gonna just say it Stop you. I'm not stopping you. I'm Not stopping. Listen. And usually, you know, I don't rock on the racial shit. The white niggas don't have to do it. 'cause they getting equity and they getting farther up the ladder. They don't have to prove they worth, we gotta prove our worth publicly just to get table scraps. If fucking Stephen A. Smith was white, he wouldn't have to show I got a hundred million dollars. He would've got a hundred million dollars eight years ago.


So now the blacks are showing other blacks, yo, come on. I'm showing you what we making so that y'all can now go to the table and and barter better. It's Wrong Bro. We shouldn't have to do it. I'm saying that it shouldn't be done If Joe Button showed other podcasters potentially what he was making that would inspire other podcasters to be like, if Joe could do it. I know it's a hoax and a glimpse that I could potentially get there. Joe Did that. That's why you see so many living room sets that pretend to be Parks his old Basement, which is a great Thing. Joe Button did it already. No, which is a great thing. They seen it. They said, oh, this crack head bum nigga. Yeah. All he needed was a living room. I give props, I give, I give you props every interview. But What I'm saying to you is, I did that and nobody still know what I mean, Not listening.


I'm talking about now at the negotiating table. It's another level. I didn't do it then. No, listen to my point. If you had done that, if that knowledge, if you shared your knowledge. So listen, listen, I'm talking about fi financially. If a nigga had a inkling then now a nigga could say, yo, maybe I'm not Joe, but I might look at myself as a 10th of Joe or a third of Joe or a half of Joe. So now when I go to these tables, I could know more of my worth and I can negotiate Better. I'm telling you based Off something Joe got you could be Tomorrow. I'm telling you then let's have that conversation privately. The way that I've had it with so many podcasters already, I've had this conversation with most of the black podcasters out there privately.


The only problem is the young up and comers can't get ahold of you. You know what I'm saying? No. And the podcasters Can't get hold of Joe. Joe's going to go talk to about five of these niggas. If Five dog, six years of this podcast has been Joe Button, making it in real time and Joe button having to make the right right decision at a crossroads with these companies and yada yada y it's been to companies saying, Hey, we'll pay you this, but please keep it quiet because we don't want to pay the other companies that like yes, you do not have, the only time I see creators do this is when they're in a deep negotiation for a whole lot of money. And in that instance, the gift is a curse.


Like, that's what I was trying to say earlier, but I was fumbling on my words in that instance. The gift is a curse. You're worth, I'm not talking about Shannon 'cause I don't wanna say what his worth is. I'm I'm not in the business anymore. Just Anybody. They're gonna give you 60. You wanna buck 20. What you're putting at risk by announcing to a public that you want one 20 is not gonna be worth the, it's not gonna be worth the reward. When you're already worth the 50 to 60. You, you're already one of the best in the business. Stephen a is a different case. He's the best in the business. He's the best in the business and has been there for 15 years and has watched so many other people come in and do it.


Pat McAfee just sent a shot his way or had somebody on the wrestling dude just sent a shot his way. Yeah, yeah. He's in a different danger. He's in a different boat. He, Steven a's in a different boat. The rest of us dog. I think aside from the money thing, people gotta learn of freaky better To do What? Freaky better. You got a freaky a little bit safer or discreetly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm saying Joe Rogan has black podcasters throwing around the words 100 million. Like we talking about sardines. True. But I think, I think that the way that the Stephen A. Smith shit was handled. If you saw results come from that, then your media team is going to try, even if he's not Stephen A. Smith, to emulate some of that.


Joe, you saying that he might really want 60 and put that out to the world that I want a hundred. You understand What I'm saying? Okay. So now you're, you're, you're the same way that you think you're signaling to the companies, you're signaling to bottom feeders. I, I'm, I'm not disagreeing, I'm agreeing with you. That's a gift for the curse. Yo, I'm telling you this as somebody that has gone through something similar that I can't talk about, that I would love to talk about. But Actually, you know what? I was sued over my dog biting somebody back in the day. I've told this story here too about sin. Fucking, hey there a nail, is there a nail tank in the area and having a stranger just come to your house and now you got a can corso.


And now that person, but my lawyer at that time explained to me, yo dog, $7,000 to people on a quick shot, a quick claim. You can't sleep on what it does to people. Yeah. And if you saying that about seven and 10 and 15 grand, then imagine what you're saying about 20, 40, 50, a hundred, 200, 300 grand to people that know that they're never gonna See that type of money in. I agree. Yeah. It's well worth it to fucking just go throw a lie on a nigga. I'm super paranoid when it come to this. That's why you should do, I I try not to, I try not to hang around girls. I ain't supposed to hang around. I don talk to people I ain't supposed to talk to. I ain't just, it gotta be some level of trust for us to even have any communication.


'cause the stakes is too high. That makes sense today. So now, so now Poor Shannon. Right. Poor, poor Shannon. Some people think that the volume might have put this out to, to step on his shit, but even if they didn't, this steps on his negotiation. For sure. True. It does. It does. Whether true or not true, I still feel Feds who just put something out that said your dog. When these claims came out about me on the Dayto day, I didn one say my shit. Not only did I have 91 Cent, I was in Atlanta, they claim I was in Los Angeles. It just couldn't be true. But it don't mean nothing. The damage is done. Right. Yeah. That's the point. As soon as you say it, the damage is done. Respectable companies have to take a step back just because of what we optics True.


Yeah. Yeah. Dog. If anybody pop, if somebody pop up tomorrow and say, Ish blanked to me. Yeah, you my man. I don't think you did that. I was around nigga you was getting, you was, I would be really shocked the ball if you were doing that. I was there for some of your glory days. Don't even put that. But I would have to take, I would have to put that. I would've The universe. Yeah. I'm not so knock on something, but I would have to have on come to talk with you. Hey, gotta step back buddy. Go build your houses and get the fuck away from there. You're making it wrong. So I gonna read these. I'm gonna read. We gotta get the text. I'm the Yeah, I'm gonna read these out. They, and right now, at the time of this, they're saying that there's audio out.


Yeah. We Got a Shannon apology address situation already. Oh yeah. We do the, I'll play that and then I'll get into some of the texts that were sent from Shannon defending himself. Let's see here we go through my Family, friends, supportive and colleagues. I want to speak to you directly and from the heart. This is a shakedown. I'm gonna be open, transparent, and defend myself because this isn't right. This is all being orchestrated by Tony Busby, who is targeted Jay-Z. Tony Busby targets black men. And I believe he's going to release a 32nd clip of a sex tape that tries to make me look guilty and play into every stereotype you could possibly imagine. That video should actually be 10 minutes or so.


Hey Tony, instead of releasing your edit, put the whole video out. I don't have it. Or I would myself, you know what happened? And you're trying to manipulate the media. The encounter in question took place during the day at her invitation, and now that appears to be a delivered setup coordinated by Gabby, also known as Carly on OnlyFans. Gabby and Tony Buzzby SW $50 million. What they're getting is sued for defamation and trying to take me down. My career is all about real talk and honesty. I know my family and fans know exactly what this is about and I'm going to be out there telling you whatever I need to say, just like I always do. I love all of you guys. Thanks.


Yeah. What do y'all think of his statement? I'm, I'm in support. I think it, I, I think it's bold. I think I'm in support And I, and I like it though. I think that, I think the shit that Jay-Z did is gonna start being the norm. If for somebody that's innocent, I don't know. Again, I don't wanna say on innocent or guilty bag, but I think that's gonna start being the norm for people that got enough money to fight it. I think they're gonna step in front of it and not cower. I'm letting the successful black men out there know that they are coming through you. Through your dick. Yeah. True. Yeah. You got freaky. Better Because this nigga's freaky. Yeah, we seen it a Lot.


Yeah. Michelle told us, She Said it. Michelle told us that he was freaky and now you on, you got the OnlyFans chick. He just put her OnlyFans out. Yo known as Carly on what is going on. It is promo. My God. This shit is crazy. These Texts, Man. I'll read these. Let's get to text. I'll read these texts. Oh my lord. Jesus, Mary and Joe, sorry. No, I'm not kidding. He wrote two pages of Microsoft Word documents about the text. Okay. The text go as she says, only if you put that baby gravy in me, then I can do whatever I want to me.


See You right there. I'm stopping the sexting. Don't say baby gravy. Vy baby Gravy's wild. That's my point. That's these niggas is too freaky. Yeah. So keep in mind she's very young at the time they met, she was 19 and he's in his fifties. He's fifties. I don't know how old she is at the time these texts are being sent. It says 2023. 2024. 2024. Yeah. So like this dates. Yeah. So that's 19. Either way you being too fucking freaky nigga, Baby. Yeah, baby Gravy tells me You, you, That's Yo don't talk to no girl that's texting baby gravy to you. That sounds like the 40-year-old nigga. She continues Alabama somewhere. I wanna put my tongue in your asshole, then marry you.


I mean, salute. Scary. But that's Dog you niggas that's trying to get 100 and $200 million from somebody. Get up a day. There's gotta be in a better way On January 12th, 2024. That's my daddy fuck. I want you to put this, I I want you to put a big black baby in me. See, this Sounds like 40 old virgin flirting. No, When she, no, when she started talking that baby shit. 'cause a couple of 'em text messages started talking about y'all want you to come in me, I want you to put a baby in me. All that other shit. That sounds like money grab to me.


Yes it does. It sounds like money grabbing. I'm gone. Like I That would've Yeah, but Shannon is old and from Alabama where She ain from the country. The sticks Georgia. He from the country Of Georgia. Yeah. And they might have called him ugly growing up. Like he probably just getting into his heyday, I feel like shit that's probably been active for a little While. I think It is a hall of fame. N NFL hall of even in even been his heyday In Baltimore bro. And all of that is great. That's y'all, that's y'alls point of view. I think I've heard, I think I've heard him say before. I'm sure it's kicked up a notch with the, the Yeah. He's more famous than he's ever been. He's more famous than He's ever been. Yeah. Y'all tell me about when he had a helmet on, nigga. Anyway, she continues. You better crave it 'cause you're gonna be stuck with it for life after you put a big black baby red Flag.


These are huge red flags. Yeah. Yeah. She continues. Oh no, that was the end of it. No, there's more. But I don't see it here. There's one where she was saying, and she's not Black, right? No, no, she's not black. Yeah, because White people don't even talk like that. No. There's one where she, how Many black girls told you put a big black baby in me? They don't say that. Well, he don't know. That's funny. Hey, that's crazy. Hey the black girls, they don't talk like that. Why? Shannon? Don't just get on black girl. There's one wish. She's saying she smi her At the gym too. There's, See, Jim had meat head ass niggas.


These Are all like Red flags. Fucking steroid head niggas just getting got, she's Probably in there with them Amazon tights on and that horny ass, the old nigga. Look, Look at you. Look at you. I sent you the other page. That's crazy. That was more just set up stuff. But that is where she mentions 25,000 per cheek. Now that's What you tricking niggas is paying Now Who's you tricking? Niggas? I know you miss this big juicy ass. 25,000 for each cheek. I want you to put a dog collar around my neck and choke me with it. I stopped talking to the bitch the second ago. Over 3,500 For the whole ass. Right. Per sheet. Not even per Sheet for the experience.


I, this should be, I should be getting all I can eat For 3,500. Yo You fronting, I'm not fronting the right buffet Could get 6,000 outta You. The right buffet could get more than that. You go your stop at 35 Then nigga, nigga. $25,000 a cheek. I haven't entered that. That Wait. First of all, this is not me. Sure. I'm planning marriage. This is mo button. I'm planning to get married. Shout to Mo. But even if me and my girl is on some freaky shit, 'cause I, that's what I do with me and my girl. It wouldn't be 25,000 per that's, that's 50 grand for an experience. That's crazy. That's a lot. That's somebody looking for a money grab. Yeah, for Sure. All this stuff says money grab and paying It.


See, but I don't be mad at the girls that find an old, rich, rich nigga, nigga and get 'em. I don't, I I respect the game. Yeah, me too. If you that d eh, anyway, it gets tricky. I'm not mad 25 that she didn't look like Know what? Go ahead Mark. That's why I'm glad Mark is here now. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I I wanna establish this though because again, I happen, I don't trust anybody who has Tony Busby as their attorney because of the history, these texts, these things, the limited exchange I had with Shannon yesterday about this, all of it suggests to me that I should be skeptical. That said, the thing I don't like about the way we're talking about it, not on the show, but in the public, is this assumption that because she's freaky, because she wants to get choked with a dog Collar.


That it couldn't Happen. That she couldn't happen. You can be, it's true. You can like rough sex and get sexually assaulted. That's true. You can be freaky and get sexually assaulted. True. You can be a sex worker and get sexually assaulted a thousand percent. You could have wanted all that shit to happen yesterday. And then today you decide you don't want that no more. You can decide right now. I don't want to happen in two minutes from now. True. You know what I mean? So I just wanna establish that regardless of what happens on this case, this does not mean that we should not listen to the voices of people who, who, who make these allegations and who engage in things that we may see as off the street path. This still doesn't make you eligible for any of the awful shit that she's accusing him of doing. That's all I want to say. That's True. True. People that live a life that we not living. Shit. This is my bag. Outside of some of these words, outside of some of these words. Gravy.


Hey. Except that baby gravy. Who's to say after 9:00 PM I won't go see what her only fans are looking like. I don unfollowed a few bitches over there too. No, but that was a great point. I'm, I'm glad that you said that. No, of course Shannon released in these texts. Don't say that it didn't happen. That's true. That's true. So we don't know. We reserve the right to, to make judgment later after more details come out and prayers to everyone involved, but answer Anybody with something to lose, be careful, yo. Yeah. Be careful. It is not worth that nut. Go Rub it out. Gra save your baby baby. Rub it out. Yeah. Put the gravy baby in some paper towels somewhere. Exactly. Live a happy life And listen for, for for for the women out there.


Right. And the great words are Sister male, you never know what a predator looks like. So that's true too. You just want to be careful. That's true too. What? That's bad. What you saying? I Nope. I had a wildly inappropriate joke. Evil Mar evil. All.


Alright. It's after for my favorite part of the show, PrizePicks. And of course I lost my little thing of my jiggy I was supposed to read, but that sounds about right. It's okay. Yeah. I'll find in two seconds. But I love PrizePicks. The playoffs are here. Okay. All right. Listen. PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash money with millions of members. PrizePicks is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really simple and easy to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. Get it. So run your game all season long with prize PrizePicks. Also the basketball playoffs are here. Ching ching. Every time I come around your city. Ching ching. And the action is heating up on PrizePicks again. The best place to win real cash on your favorite sports. This week I am going with I hope Ish wrote Luca down here. Let's see. I don't like Ish Derrick White for more than 11 rebounds and assists. Oh yeah. I didn't See that. And assist. I like it. Yeah. Steph Curry for more than five three pointers. Yo, his name is Stefan Wardell. Yeah. If you saw it at game one, he did that little I shit. I will not allow people to talk negatively about Stephan Wardell Curry around. I don don't even know if, I don't even know if he human. Yo. He might might. He got some other stuff in him that was great D that they was playing on him. Some of 'em shots. That shit is that baseline falling outta bounds. Just throw it in the ear. I would snuff him. That's when you need a Isaiah Stewart on your team. Yeah. To just close line him. Bobby Knight would never have this happen if he would coach in this game. No, honestly, I'm going with Sgu for more than nine and a half rebounds and let's go Tyler Hero for more than 24 points. Hero has been balling out lately for sure. If you use promo code JBB, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So again, if you download PrizePicks PrizePicks, write this very second and use promo code JBP. You get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game. Run it up too. I see PrizePicks is putting out commercials with other niggas. Come on now. Let's, let's get back, let's get back in our bag. Y'all puts code in? Put the code in. Yeah. Come on. JPP


Anyway. What? Where y'all wanna go? Oh, E Is here. Can he come and sit down on the couch? Man? Come on. Come on The couch. Well he normally is scared of this main show action but I know we was talking last night. He came on, we came on night school and one of the people on night school asked if he had any thoughts on your Madison Square Garden appearance. Oh. And he said he was gonna save It for today. And here's today. Look at that. Buddy know. Would you look at that? Look at you and you get to sit next to me. I smell your cologne. Aw I gave him the two path. Glad I'm glad you good man. Those those are one of the days. I was Glad. Welcome Amani. Let's welcome Amani to Yo.


I'm glad they ain't Send me no invite that. Oh yeah Ade. Alright dope. That's Cool. Well let me and Adee get to it. She, She hold it there. I was. I was worried for you man. A little bit. Little worried You didn't text me. Nah, I ain't want to see me text. Oh that nigga. He said he got some because I was back there reading all Fat Joe takes. Yeah. Every time that nigga put his phone up. Damn. I wonder what Fat Joe would've been 50 would've slid you in Madison Square Gardener if 50 would've hit. Take it out. Come on, take it off. Come on, come on. I got you. I got you. Come on. Come on. But I had already had the You had it played out.


Right. That's funny. Yo, this old 50 shit. All this 50 shit did was show me just how many people are indeed waiting with bated breath. You get snuffed, you get snuffed. No, no, no. They seen that already twice even they've seen that before And somehow it's not enough. They wanna see they 'cause my mama outfit, they wanna see me take a beat down. Punks jump up to get beat brand Nubian. They wanna See that somewhere with bright lights. Lot of beats lights and and cameras.


They want to, they want to get the footage. They want a bad video of me. Boy, I wonder why, what if I said you talk a lot of shit. That's why I know what you do. It's part of the job man. I do talk a lot of shit but the shit I be wanting to say is worse. You too old to do what we told you to do before. What? Which was just slide somebody. It don't Matter. It don't matter. I mean I think, I think that might help a little bit. It won't. Nah. A little bit. It don't take away That might make It worse. A person that people think can't fight or be not with the bullshit. If you give him one little glimpse that you could really slide somebody, it might change the narrative a Little bit. It'll change the narrative that he cannot fight. But the other niggas still wanna see him get ass. Whoop. For sure.


They ain't gonna stop that. They might raise It a little Bit. Yo dope. Everybody want to see Floyd get his ass with. Exactly. We watch all they know he could fight. Yeah. Is the narrative that You can't fight though? I never heard That narrative. No. It's only Amani and my other friends that spread that. I never heard that. Not a narrative. It is only my real friends that spread that Narrative isn't that he can't fight. It might be maybe, might be pussy or something. Wow. That, That, that clears it up. It Makes it better. Way better. Yeah man. Thanks for joining the main Thanks For joining the main show, man. Nah, it's Good to see you up here now. Well, Yeah. I'm safe. I was safe. That's good. That's good. I, I left, I left the game a little early. Who won? You did.


You did did rap one nigga. Yo the fan. The culture won. Culture won. You won. Oh my god. Yo my Landslide, He tried to hit us with the, the game was, it was was a blowout. So I left. I didn't say it was A blowout. You said it was decided. It decided it wasn't Close. I said it was decided to me. It Wasn't Didn't they lose like by like six points? No, they got yo dog. They was one three away from it was close. Tying the game up. He left with eight minutes left in the fourth game. Five points. The car was out. Yeah, It is gonna get more, more minutes. Every time I tell this story. The car was outside, right? No. So was double parked get home. So was was halftime. So was double. They didn't even need the buffet. I know. So was double parked. You had reservations?


Yeah, The reservations. That's what did it. Reservations always do. Yeah. Reservations to get out here. They had a special strawberry mint. That Watermelon mint get you every time. That's good. I wanted to leave earlier than that but I knew y'all niggas were stupid. That's I said, I said to myself, all right, I think they putting me on tv so they just going flash to this pan to this empty seat and then It is gonna be jokes with seven minutes left. Right In a tight game in the playoffs that You spent Time put some respect in your celebrity too. Man. I ain't like to See that when they doing the celebrity road shit. And they, they did the 50 shit. I just had to see you in the back like This.


They probably threw him on the kiss cam and shit. Come On. Celebrity shit fucked up. He said he was in the kiss cam. He was celebrity. That's funny. So it's the yo that's funny. He was waiting on the kiss and and And they play pump it up. They play pump it up and all that. They did play pump. Yeah. Yeah. Mmm. You know what I mean? Well one, we've Wrongest go established the garden. Don't fuck with me like that. Yo. You gotta hit that hard. That's why the garden don't fuck with me like that. You Mean feed on the wood? Make The oh feet out on the wood carpet. That's true that I just want to tell one hate listening that I'm okay with my life.


Pretty seats. See some niggas say, oh look where he's sitting. I gotta the seats. It was like, oh shit. Hey Josh Hart, let's go. I gotta the and became a instant fucking groupie. Let's go Mitch. Fuck are y'all talking about horrible seats? Did you see the game with 50 in front of you? Like, like this is sincere question. There's no shade today. I'm just saying a lot of times it looked like you were like when 50 slipped the chair, it looked like you just had to ask him what happened. Like what's it like back there? I was able to see the game. Okay. Okay.


I just, just wondering. Yo, I'm not even used to niggas playing. You gotta take, they raise him up a little bit. Booster seat jokes. S like, it's like the movies The funny part. Right. Just in your natural assessment of things when risk is involved, the garden security, when you're in that section, there is garden security right there to make sure you don't do nothing stupid around the players. Right. Right. At risk of being banned from the garden. Let me tell you, in the event you Knew what every one of them niggas was. Come on. All I gotta do, all I gotta do.


Hey Larry, Larry, Jerry, get this nigga. Not at all help. Hey, in the event that 50 Cent decided to get angry in there, it wasn't nothing. None of them garden security dudes. Damn. I want to joke. It is like the niggas at the fair, the fair that, that worked. The rollercoasters over there. Oh Shit. They got carnies doing Security. So if he decided to do something, yeah I would've had to thug it out for a little while. It is like when I fought in fucking dream that fight was going on forever. Before security came. It might have seemed like forever. No it was forever. I'm sitting there holding this nigga on the ground like, Hey, any Day somebody come get it. Any Day y'all want to come get this nigga off me so I could get up would be awesome.


God, that's important. Fight ain't Lying. You ain't lying and tucking That head. That was also the best possible place To, to run into him. That's True. To see him, that's in the event that it was something. 'cause I know that that's the joke I'm rolling with. It was never nothing. But if it was something, yeah. What a good place. You know what I mean? Me, Billy, Joel, Billy Crystal, all the Billy. If you Gonna do something to me in front of Billy Crystal, nigga, you just might got it. Yeah, You Bold nigga. Yeah. That's funny. So good though. That's Good. But I would say Imani, Thank you. It is good man. I love all my friends checking on me the next day.


Dope. Nah, I stopped checking on you. Why? After the last time checked on this nigga. He was like, don't check on me. Ain. Is that what I said? You got it. Yeah you did. Ain't that what I saying? He said that so I I stuck to to your word. I know I To move man. I know, I see, I know, I know how to move. You better before the game's over. Yeah. We got better. How to Bob and weave nigga. My my method is in prevention, You know what I Mean? That nigga start hugging shot aint real tight. I See that nigga. Nah, I didn in front of my kids, not in front of my lady. Oh man. It is always her to do it. It is always her to keep me safe.


SDA and back there like she ready for the smoke too. That's how you fuck with Shada? No, that's my baby man. Absolute. We had a really Sunset park. That's hilarious. That's funny, son. That's hilarious. That's the kind of drunk you wanna be. Yeah, for sure. Well that mean that they expecting some dick that you might not be be prepared to give too. Oh, I hate that. Yeah. You gotta wave that out. Just hope they pass out. Yeah, for Sure. She didn't. Nah, that's that's what you gave. That's cool. The toy was you wanna smoke, you wanna smoke? Good night. What? Directly to bed. Don't pass. Go. Yeah, the toy was charged up. Okay. Gave it a deuce. Dudes. We little toy, finger combo.


Timbo. I'm going to bed, bitch. I'm going to bed and I gotta work tomorrow. Bitches don't be having jobs too. They want to fuck too. Four in the morning, girl, get off of me. Oh anyway. Ah. But I am safe. Where, where y'all wanna go? Oh shit. That's funny. Just To get serious for a second. Some sad news obviously for those that care. I know some Catholics are here. Imani being one of them. That's true. I'm, I'm a retired Catholic. Yeah. And I understand you Retired Catholic sweaters Still, still wearing. You do look mad Catholic right now. Now you look like Jesus Saints and latter day shit. Look Mr. Rogers This, this is my probation sweater. She look Like Westchester Catholic. This this is what the You gotta have the little cresto.


Yeah. Nigga. All you need a WC right here on the pocket. I'm repping for my guy Pope Francis today, man. Oh, okay. Oh yeah. See you got the cross out too. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like an upstanding Cross Wrestling. This is the one with the ashes too. Wait, you took your mom off your thing Off? This is my mom. My Mom. So you took your dad off? No, my mom And your dad got two Different chains. You took somebody. Somebody. I have two Different chains. The other one got the one spins. The Spin on. You put the spin on and the drawer, you took the spinner. Did you drop it to the floor? The spinner? How do you decide which ashes you go? All right, nevermind. All right. Mark. Pope Francis passed away on Easter Monday after a long bout with illness.


You know, for a lot of people around the world, the Pope symbolizes so much. He is one of the most progressive popes we've ever seen. True. You know, no religious leader's gonna be, but, so progressive. There's some conservative stuff with everybody. But when you start talking about healthcare, housing, even what's going on in Gaza, Pope Francis is calling over there every day to the hospitals and Gaza checking on folk. I don't think we've seen a more progressive pope than, than Pope Francis. And I don't know if he'll be replaced by one like that, but he is a symbol and a model of what religious leadership can look like for a lot of people. I got a lot of critiques of the Catholic church. But at this moment of mourning, I just wanna send love and condolences to all, all the religious believers around the world.


For whom this is a, a a, a devastating moment. Wow. Yeah. You the best at this. Yeah. You the best at this. Rest in peace. Shit. I ain't, I just Would've never got that off so eloquently. We used to send some prayers and play some gap band. That's About it. But, okay. Play Maria, man. Oh yeah. No rest in peace to the pope on the news. They were showing me, me the seven options for the replacement. I was looking at that shit like the House of Cards boy, they was explaining who each person was and their views. And one of them, dude, the Hungarian nigga, oh shit, if he get in, It is around it's rap. Why? Oh, rest in peace to Pope Francis. He the pope of The Trumps. He Trump of the popes.


The way that they described him was like, what was Trump's old vice president name? Oh, Mike Pence. Yeah. Well it fits with the Catholic model. Oh yeah. This guy. Why did everybody keep saying that JD Vance had gone to see him like a day before or a few days prior? Well, He, yeah, did. But why was that so important to share? Were they trying to they Fucking with him? Say like, suck it killed him. He sucked his soul out after that. For Francis was ready to go back to the Lord. You know, all the, it was a lot of black people making him jokes too. You know what I mean? They were quality jokes. I gotta say, I feel like part of being black is making like some good inappropriate jokes. Oh yeah. That's the best time to make jokes. That's Yeah. Yeah, man, kind of. I had a couple but his were way too mature. His, his speech was too mature.


So I chilled. Yeah, I chilled. Yeah. The, the idea that there could be a black pope is also something that people have been juggling around. I don't think it's gonna happen in our lifetime. I just don't think that it will. It will. You think so? I believe so. I believe so. Why? We saw a black president. I don't think the, the Yeah, We voted for that shit. Well, it's true. I don't think the Vatican is is that far away from, if they got this progressive, I do think we could potentially see it as something They haven't even agreed on the whole touching kids thing yet. You know what I'm saying? Like agreed. I'm just saying like, they haven't resolved that. Like, there's so much corruption in these religious institutions and there's also a lot of racism in them.


And the idea beep. And I'm saying this about all religions. I'm not just saying Catholics, all Religious institutions. I'm watching the ad money just fly. Yeah. I, you Know what, let's take that back. Make a Nigga no a money. I will not be responsible for That. And talking about the Vatican. This is exactly who I want to get my Vatican news from. Amani. Yo, Hey, with pardoning sometimes niggas just start talking about shit that It is like Maybe not your wheelhouse. Yeah, yeah, It is fine. Get it from Amani and a Muslim. That's funny.


That's funny. Well, I heard what else, what else is, what else is important? What else is important out there? What about, can we, I know we don't like to talk Kanye a lot or, Or Oh no, this is important. But this one felt, and again, it seems perfect after what we just talked about. Oh my God. Wait, what? What? Karen, keep going. It is crazy. Kanye put out that song cousin That nobody heard. I hear it. Nobody knows that this is a song. Right? Nobody has bully. Nobody. You're, you're, it did the trick didn't work this time as far as the music is concerned. Uhuh, I don't think that he could just name a song title and people would be like, oh, okay.


Yeah. That's what's going on in that song. Right? Like, I don't think a lot of people knew. But go ahead. So he puts out this song, which I'm pull up the lyrics. Mm. And he says, and trigger warning for anybody who has Definitely trigger warning. Yeah. He said, hanging with my cousin, reading dirty magazines. We seen some niggas kissing. We ain't know what that shit mean. Then we start reenacting everything that we had seen. That's when I gave my cousin head, gave my cousin head, gave my cousin head. I gave my cousin head. I gave my cousin head Few steps in seeing, I mean, I think it's important to note that he didn't slip that in his line. He wanted that to be Hit. Hit. I want you to know, I heard the song.


Did it slap That song brand? Of course Iani heard the song Because I needed, I needed to understand was this being said like in like a therapeutic way or something? It's hard. Like you should not hear the song. What's your melodies underneath it? Yeah. He's, it's autotune if I'm singing. I gave him head. I gave him head. Yeah. Let Ask you a question. Oh no. Now you sold me. And that's a clip by the, Now you sold me Nigga. You gonna be on the internet forever with that shit. It's, It is hard. How do you metaphorically use head to personify something else? This nigga would not let YG get for two weeks. YG couldn't be a victim for two weeks before Kanye said, you know what I, I need in on that.


That's one, two, which really should have been one. I gotta say for me, this is the greatest. Oh, that explains it. That I've ever come across. Yeah. Yo, if anybody out there at any time says, yo, when I was young, I sucked my cousin Dick until I was 14. I'm gonna say, oh, that explains something. Anything you do after that, it probably explains something. Yeah. Like I think that Kanye really exonerated dog. First of all, I'm sorry that happened to Kanye. And I wanted his cousin And his cousin.


Wait, wait, hold on. Because I mean he molested his cousin who we forted his cousin. He's the, he's the, He's the molester in this. He's the molester in this. You think it situation, The cousin is younger than him. Just 'cause you get in the head don't mean you're not getting molested. The Cousin, we got a lot of the cousin's younger. Oh, I thought it was his older cousin. No, Kanye was the older cousin in this situation doing this to his younger cousin. I don't even Know why people, that's why he in Japan. He gotta go jail. It's important to read the second verse too. 'cause this is what Kanye's talking about in the interview or in his, on his tweets, which he elaborate on. He said, I know these niggas about to judge me. Now check started off when we was hanging out, told my cousin not to tell nobody. Please tell me. People tell me, take it to my grave. Truth will set you free some day.


I don't think they understand that. I'm not attracted to a man. Now, this cousin for context, Borrow is in jail. He's In prison, is in jail for murder. Murdering a pregnant woman, allegedly. That's according to Kanye. And he believes per that perhaps what he did to his cousin or what happened with him and his cousin contributed to the path that his cousin took. So this is about, and to me when I hear this, this is Kanye as abuser, Kanye asm. Like of course if you're a kid, y'all both going through some fucked up shit. A whole, they all fucked up. But the cousin was the victim here. Yeah. There a lot of people send, There's so much to unpack Here. A lot of people are sending words of, of sympathy and you know, to the jail to, to, to no to Kanye. I'm like, he's not, I mean, don't get me wrong, he's a victim because of the age.


But the person who's really the victim in this situation was the cousin. The cousin. We need to be speaking to that. Yeah. And he's probably blindsided in prison. And who the hell wa like, I didn't want you to go ahead and tell that story. I'm just saying you mind your business in the chow hall. Somebody say heard Kanye was sucking your dick. Like you got some explaining the dude. Or not. Or not right. Or a nigga might have been sucking his cousin Dick when he heard, heard this tweet. That's what your Oh, that's where your skills came. Oh. Oh. I don't even feel right making jokes about this. I don I Don't this, I don It is nothing to joke about. No. And and, and Kanye has displayed some behavior deserving of some adjectives. Yeah.


This is gonna sound fucked up to say, and I probably shouldn't say it, but I'm gonna say it anyway. I, I can't, I think I know what you, I can't wait for the day where we can really have a real honest conversation about Kanye when he is not able to give us any more stories. Alright. That sounds horrible to say. I, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I'm saying it like that. But I'm just saying, I, I, I wanna be able to give a real honest opinion on a positive and a negative side and not feel like I'm Adding fuel to the fire. Adding Fuel to the fire. And I feel like the more that he just keeps doing things, we never really get a chance to have a real honest conversation about how we feel about Kanye and some of the things he's done.


Like we, like we have this love for his music and this love for some of the things he's done in the past. And we kind of keep trailing with it. Who's we? Well, the general, general pop. I'm not saying I don't think so. I'm not saying us. I'm just saying convers. I think the general population is off him. Me having a conversation about him today is becoming difficult because every time I try to give him certain level of grace or or understanding something else pops up and I'm now back to like ground zero with him. Yeah. That, that's just where I'm at. The one Thing that's been disturbing about this tweet and song is that so many more people were okay with the Nazi shit. But then when the sucking dick came out they were like, nah, this is where I draw the line.


This is where I draw the line. Like what? Right. I agree. The sucking dick part is the minor part of the whole shit. We talking about incest and we talking about molestation. Yeah. That Part at the end of the day. So that's the other part of this convict that's bothering me. Like, yo, you niggas don't understand. This is some serious shit and he's choosing to go to Twitter and put this in a, you have to hear the song just for you to understand why I'm saying that. It doesn't even come off like a sincere thing of like, I feel fucked up by what I did. Like he's harmonizing. I don't wanna harmonize over. I gave my cousin head. Right. But if your needs a harm, It felt a little blame. It's just, It is like, come on Kanye. I mean the slap for the slap.


Sometimes you gotta have some, you gotta approach some sincere shit in a sincere way if you really Sincere or not. He did always have that defined jawline When he was singing that ego remix. Y'all felt like it was, he was just Niggas nasty. It is nasty. Nasty. It is nasty. It was too real. Well What if ye shit Was he Joe? What If ye was the fire head Buttle he kissed. That's disgusting. Right? Oh my God. Oh my God. It just made me look at some shit differently now that's all. Anyway, sessions, prayer is to all. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I hope, I hope he Gets what he needs.


Prayers to all. I hope everybody that needs help gets the help that they need and, and deserve And hopefully does it in places other than tweets and songs that people don't hear. Yeah. And podcasts. And podcasts. There's a lot of places that that therapy and help doesn't need to be podcasts, tweets. Yeah. I, I think Nick's off, I think he's starving for some level of attention and, and the masses are starting not To. There was four inappropriate jokes right in that one second. It is. I just Leaving it alone. Yeah. It is tough to be mature right now. It Really is. It really is. It really is. Man. Easter first of all did, are y'all Easter followers?


Easter people? Do y'all do Easter stuff? It's a Pagan, huh? Okay. Okay. So no Easter egg hunts. Happy Resurrection day. Who can afford eggs right now? Happy Plastic chips. Four 20 was celebrated. Four 20. My family is Christian so they celebrated. You Can afford the weed but not the eggs. Yeah, the weed's cheaper than the eggs Right now. Weed might be cheap right Now. It is. Yo. For sure I didn't partake. I don't, it doesn't hit the same. Gotcha. Like it used to as a kid. Tradition is just dumbed down. You Didn't throw out no fly shit just You know, back then used to throw on pastel shit. Right. That's what we used to do. Just Go go to church, go to the egg Easter egg hunt. Shit.


It's not around anymore. Mm. So it was Easter, it was four 20. It was also Luther Ros's birthday. I'm I'm assuming y'all about the ladder speaking but do y'all do four 20? Shit, I definitely did four 20. Shit. I know You don't. My friend owns a a a a weed farm and a dispensary upstate and that's where I was. So they had a little party. I got ripped. You Was plucking y all weed. No, it's not growing yet. It's early in the season. Saluto ws weed. I smoked some of that on four 20. I was fucked up. Really? Yeah. That's too strong for me. I can't smoke that. I can't smoke that. But yeah, four 20 I got twisted. Same. It was, Nah it was, it hit like too much.


You scared? You're scared Nigga. I turned into a bunny. I'm no more, no more. Uhuh. Give me the mid. Yeah. Them gotta Be careful. Where you turning a bunny at man? Were you in a safe place? I was home. Good. Do that shit in the house. Yeah. That's it. I ain't saying nothing better. Don't be At that church. The second I got old enough to tell my mom I'm not going to church with you. My g that was old for Easter. There was no more Easter. That might've been ninth grade. Yeah. 14. Yeah. It was like, you know what, I'm not gonna keep going the shit. Did you make me New Year's Eve in church. Ah, rap city.


It's a rap for that. The rap for that Christmas tree going up. I deed that one. I wasn't with none of that shit growing up. Damn. Did you get festive again? Like, like with your own kids or your, with your lady. Like do y'all do like the holiday stuff? You know, that's where it's interesting right? Like I'll get festive. I'm like I'll buy gifts on Christmas. I'm not running around saying I don't celebrate Christmas but I'm not into the, The other Christmas tree and all of the bells and whistles of it. I'm gonna have to clean it up. Like I said, I know people steal with their fucking Christmas tree up right now. Yeah. I just, my understanding of holidays and where they come from and why they're there was just, I'm off that Not to say the name of the church but your mom still go to to the same church?


No, my mom goes to a different church. No. Okay. When our pastor died, we stopped going to that church along with a lot of other people. Rest in peace of Rev Ron. Okay. I wouldn't mind being a part of a church like that. You came to church with us, right? I Did. I did. And came to a couple of The council. You know how much Jesus I had to feel, felt like you needed to say Yo, hey yo. Hey yo my G What you doing Sunday? Yo, I Don't ask niggas to come to church with me. You know how much saving I felt like needed to be thrown your way man. Oh man. And you left the church and just behaved the same. Nah, that was, I needed that. That was around the time I passed. My dad Passed. Nah, I know you helped me down. I'm talking shit. You Held me down. I ain't go back after that.


Reverend Round's dope though. Huh? He was dope. Nah, he was no amazing. He was amazing. Rev Ron. Rev. Ron was him. So Like if I had a church like that when Rev Ron was around, I would definitely go there for, there was some level was still tradition and it felt like family. So if I had something like that, I Could see you in there. Nah, it was ama it was amazing. Was that a mega church? Nah, it Wast mega church. Rev, Ron. This was in Irvington. It was a, it was a church that the niggas went to. It was an irvington. He was, he was one. He he was one of us. Got you. Like I, I remember I went to he on a pulpit and somebody had walked behind me. He like, yo dog, I don't really like niggas walking behind me.


So everybody laughed it off. He kept on and dude walked behind. He like, yo fam, for real. I don't like people walking behind me, yo. I was locked up. My state number is boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And I had some stuff happen to me when people walked behind me. Could you stop walking behind me? Oh shit. Yeah. Ron's story was locked up. Streets like, yo, he said his state number on the pulpit, bro. Damn. Nah, he was amazing though. Yeah, he was. He Was amazing. And just welcoming to to all he pimps, hustlers, scammers, murderers. Anybody could come here. No telling who you was gonna See that Church Along with all the seniors. That's what I love and respect man. You get religious leaders like, oh I already know Fifi.


Yeah. I already know. It's crazy. It's probably like a let out. But I, that's what we need more of. Unfortunately we moving toward the megachurch model where everybody has 20, you know, 25,000 members and everybody's giving you, Not in a black community. There's a lot of black Megachurch. It's a lot of black South. No, there's a few out here. There's you up north, few out too. Where? New York. Yeah. New York. Brooklyn has a couple of men and a lot of smaller ones are trying to be bigger. They operate Oh yeah. The production value of a, of A mega. Exactly. And they're hoping to grow to 25,000. 'cause that's how you get, that's how you get the bread. Yeah. That's how you get the bread. And it's not just that they have a lot of people, it's that their actual message is different. They, they do word faith, prosperity gospels like you're rich.


I'm rich because God made me rich. And if you wanna get rich, the pastor gotta get rich. And and that becomes the motto like Creflo dollar and all them talking about, you know, the Lord wants me to have a jet. People buy into that shit. People buy into it. So that's what they get. You disagree. Yes. Oh, but you said nobody should be a billionaire. Which he stated Here. Yeah. You say what? But you don't feel nobody should be a billionaire. Yeah, but I also don't think you should go to poor people and tell 'em to give you your money. E even if I believe in billionaires, I wouldn't want it on the back of poor people. Okay. Alright. So let, let's just say he considers what he's doing. The Lord's Work. Yeah. I don't think he does. And and let's just say don't because, because he's a he's a global. He's A global. Yeah. I don't do that. I don't believe that. I think he's, I think he's a hustler.


I think he's full of shit. I'm allowed to say that. Okay. I'm not saying every peach. I'm talking about that one in particular. Creflo. Yes. I mean he got dollars in in his name. Yeah. And he was trained by Fred Price. Who also again interest in name also Prosperity Gospel. Right. Anybody tells people that the only way to show that you have faith is to get rich and only and that, and being rich is with show is atest sign of your faith to me is bullshit. And it's dangerous. I, it's not wrong being rich. But if you tell, if you're talking to a bunch of poor people who giving you they last dollars and you going, he doesn't say this but you going to hell if you don't tithe or You know what I mean? The only way all that shit man, you exploiting to people. You know what I mean? And every, The less black people you see Dam way money. Money brings you into a new category.


You've moved to a different house in a different neighborhood and you get different friends and money people that come around you to help you make the money. Right. Maintain your money and make more money. The complexion changes. Oh You know what I mean? I like, that's what I love about like LeBron, you know he's got got, He got his home, he got mad and he got Randy and he got Rich. Yeah. Yeah. So he kept, he kept that group. Yes. For sharing. And that's not the money clip I'm looking for. There's a football player that was talking about, I saved it. I don't know where It is. Just talking about how he don't care about money and don't need all of the extra money. Like to Mark's point about it should be no billionaires.


He was just like, the amount of money I have is enough. Anything I want to do and need to do. And I don't have a desire. Because the more money that you make, the more you're asked of to do things and the more you're tasked with and it can make life unmanageable unhappy. It just comes with some other things. I saved it 'cause it was real interesting for Patreon. I can't find it now, but whatever. Like how much money do each of y'all need to make in your life? I'm gonna ask Mark. 'cause he doesn't believe in any of that billionaire shit. I need a number though. Alright, so I'll ask I'd, I'd be good with 50 50 million. 50 million. That's all I need. If I liquid, I'm Talking about Lifetime. Like if you made 50 million in your lifetime. No, he's saying if he 50 million, If I could put my hands on 50 million at any given time, I'd be Oh, you Need a bulk liquid.


Liquid. Yeah. Because you talking, talking about investments in houses, values, you know, I'm talking about like that would be enough money that I would need. But if you, if I said net worth of 50 million, I'd be fine. I'd be fine. Actually probably less than that. 25 million. I'd even say Amani Mine's is really, Really maybe 10. Like 10 K, 10 million. Tim s fuck. I pay cash for This ultimate yo in all, in all honesty, I would want to at least make enough to where I can pass down to my kids. I'm, I'm at, at this point, I'm not really concerned with the aspect of how much money I personally have for myself. Ish. Actually I'm gonna save you for last Parks. 10 million would be more than enough than I would ever need.


Honestly, I'd probably be cool with having 5 million Ish. I don't have a number. I think. No, I'm, I'm about to tell you. No, I'm about To tell you. I think that as your experiences grow and as your money grows, then your spending grows. That's true. I think that, I think that when you get 10, 10 is not gonna be enough for you. No more. That's true. 'cause right now Parks not an E-Class. If Parks had $10 million, Parks don't have an E-Class no more Parks might go get something bigger that costs more Parks. His house that he wants right now he might want a bigger house. That's true. Parks. What he does for his family, his mother, his father, his sisters might change with all of that money.


Like if you get money, you'll buy your sister a crib, you buy your mother a crib, your nieces get college funds put away and all of that shit. It just depletes what you already have because those things are now options for you. So I think the more money you get, you find ways to spend it. Now the obscene amount of money is like the, the money we talking about with Elon and them, them niggas don't have that amount of money. Liquid. To Mark's point, like Mark's saying 50 million liquid, if you got 50 million liquid, your net worth might be 200, $300 million. Yeah. Antoine, can you just participate? I don't, I don't have a number. Maybe I like You right about what you're saying, but can you just, if you had to say a number and it came and that was the only number you had to literally just say it.


Give a liquid number. Yeah. Liquid. A liquid 30, 40 million. 40 million liquid. Yeah. I feel like if I made any more than $10 million, I would be doing a lot of charity. I don't know what I would need that much money for. I Personally, It's probably not good to say 'cause they do say you manifest. I don't think I'm supposed to have that much liquid. I agree. I don't, me personally, I definitely don't think you should have that much liquid Out. Right. I don I don't think so. I don't don't you be dangerous man. Yeah, I don't think so. I think nice, safe, comfortable, space, living happy. Cool. Anything more? I'm, I might bug out.


Yeah, I think when you get to 10 million to Ish's point, I don't think you'd be doing charity just yet. 'cause things do, like if you, if you have 10, then you buy a house that costs say three. Right? You right. Just certain just taking care of that house is going, you know what I mean? Now, if you're very conservative and you save your money, you can, you can live off the, the interest and things like that. But 10 million is not enough money to be done. Start giving stuff away. 50. I think you could start giving some, some stuff away. You could start being real generous. Hmm. See And even here and answer your question, conversation goals. I could see how there is people out there that hear these talks and be like, I'm gonna find a way to insert myself in some shit.


And what's your number or f and Two, two part question and has your number changed Since when? Since five years ago. Seven, seven years ago. I've ever changed this. I I never asked myself this question 'cause I was never, I'm not the money guy. I just can't say that here. But I'm not, I don't care about no money. It's changed because at one, 'cause at one point I remember having a conversation with You right At one point you like, yo, if I get 50, I'm good. 50 what? Thousand, 50,000. What? A month? Like you like, yo, if I could get to 50 KA month. Oh, I've said that.


I've said that on. That's all I need. Is 50 KA month on Air? Boy was I wrong? Turns out, hey listen, I couldn't have been any more wrong. I'm saying that to the average. That's how I felt to the average there's in the world. That's why I'm saying that there's nothing in the world that I can't accomplish that I would quote unquote need with 50 KA month. A lot of people feel like that. Most people feel like That. Yeah. And so now when you get 50 KA month, you could see how that should go. Yeah. But if your goal, like your goals change, you start to partake in more things. Yeah. That number's gonna have to change. Like if you wanna just work for your 50 k and that's cool, but if you wanna own some shit, build up your own network, then Yeah, I can see how that number would have to increase.


True. But you gotta have an enough. No, I'm talking about you making 50 K like net. You net in 50 K. You get what I'm saying? Out outside of your expenses, whatever your expenses are, and you just Go home with 50 k, Niggas think that that's enough money until they get 50 K. Because It Is, I mean, I ain't gonna hold you nigga. When my driver went to Africa For two weeks, She was, she was hurt Man. Nigga had to drive That shit. You poor thing. That Shit felt like section eight and That's fucked up. I had to drive a couple hundred thousand. I'm, I ain't got a ticket In the Ferrari. I Don't even know. No, just a, in a normal car of the, the rolls The normal car. It's Normal rolls. No, that's not what I'm saying.


What I'm saying is the ticket world has changed since my last time driving. They needed to pull you over to give you a ticket before. Oh yeah. They mailed? No, just bill. Yeah nigga, They mailed me some shit. You was doing 35 in a, in a 25. You get the Whole It was video school district Video. Yeah. Yeah. They sent me the video. You can't even lie. It's you man. Facts. I was crewing. They talking about in the school district, nigga. It is Sunday. Yeah. My girl got one of them this weekend. Actually they shit sent the video. It was like on Queens Boulevard or so. It was like what school is right? There ain't no school. It's a highway School. Yeah. I never want to drive again school anyway. I never wanna drive again. But if I made whatever y'all talking about, a few things have to go.


Like Martha has to go, the driver has to go. I could do it. It would just be miserable. Miserable. It Wouldn't What's your ideal? What's number, what's the number where you could be like, I'm good. Basically Play, play our game, participate. If I'm just freestyling and this number's gonna hold me over till death. Yeah. I could see 500 million I think you could make due. Yeah. I think you can make that happen. Yeah. Tighten your Belt a little bit. It is not for me, it's for my kids. It's for the estate.


At this point. Nothing I do is for me It is all, it's all for the estate. So you would need 500 million to hold you down till you, till you Passed. I mean the word estate, I mean Yeah. To me Says it should than just yourself should be more than $3,500 in there. I know when I was estate planning and I was, before I knew what he was doing and I still don't all the way know I need to call him again because it's a long process. But when I was telling him what I would like to leave everybody, I, I had more than that and didn't know. Oh wow. Does Everybody get the same amount? All kids get the same amount? No. Mm. How about for y'all? What you saying kids? My kids?


Yes. Okay. But I got brothers, I got sisters, I got fucking cousins. I got other people that I'm, And that's the part that I'm talking about right now. Where we are in, well not us, where we are in life. That's not a option for you because you don't got 20 million, you don't got 30 million. Your nieces and taking care of your nieces and your nephews is not an option for you. That's what I'm saying. When you get 10 mil, that 10 mil will run away like that because other things open up. Well the More money you make, the more people you feel obligated to take care of. Take Care. You have the option to do for most people. I imagine you got the option to do It.


I could imagine it being like that. You know what I'm saying? And I, I I I feel differently about the legacy piece of it and the estate part of it. I mean, I wanna leave my kids' stuff. Yeah. But I don't feel the need to leave them. I'm, I'm more like the way Warren Buffet is like, you know, he had a gaji a gajillion dollars and he left him a very conservative amount relative to what he had and the rest of it he gave away to the world. And To the world. Huh? He ain't dead. I know he wanted to do it while he was alive. He's saying, and I believe him. Niggas be talking. Sometimes I check up on, well actually recently I asked my dad where Bailey's money went. Bailey is uhs my friend who hit the lotto for like 300 million or something like that. And he passed.


I didn't like the answer. Like he was, he wasn't all the way together. So it's probably with attorneys, the state Of New York, shit, shit like that. And this, that's a sad, that's just a sad thought. It's different. And, and for us, especially Being black and rest in peace, Bailey Black people won't be yo, when you start sitting down with them lawyers, your, your mortality starts to be a, a certainty that a lot of people don't wanna think about. That's for sure. Especially for blacks. You know what I'm saying? I hate it. My aunt just passed away rest in peace and Oh, I'm sorry. And so now, you know, my mother and my aunt, they was like sisters. That's a conversation YI had with your mom. I mean No, they were sisters.


No, it was my great aunt. Oh, okay, great. But they was like close in age. Oh, got it. So they was like, no, no, I was Confused. My mom and my aunt Was like, no, no, no, this is my great aunt. But they was close in age and so those are conversations now. You gotta start having moms like, yo, where do you want to be buried? Yeah. That's what I, that's some bullshit. Like that's conversation you don't want to have. That's why I did my sisters just every I i everything is on them. If I pass before them, they administer everything past you control what gets to my kids. 'cause I just trust that they're gonna do the right Thing and they'll divide your, your State up. And I, I don't care y y'all go handle with that. And then if my, you know, my oldest son gets to a certain age where he can show that he can go ahead and do, then I would change things at that point.


But yeah. Moving forward my sisters hold everything down. I was thinking about does Roddy rich, they may, the reason I ask about the kids and how you treat different kids is because of this Roddy Rich Easter controversy. Did y'all see this thing? No. Where he, Roddy Rich got in trouble for posting. He took a, a Easter pick with one of his children. Sure. But he didn't take a picture with his other child who apparently is autistic. Ooh. That's could hit Holford. Was he there? And, and, and that, that's what I wanted to ask Joe. 'cause Joe was the one who first hit me to this. See this is the picture that went out of Roddy Rich and his daughter. Okay. Beautiful picture. Yeah. A great picture. Amazing picture. Nice.


But apparently, let me see here. Alright, I'm gonna read Roddy. Roddy Rich's response to this verse. He says, this will be my first and last and only time discussing this matter. Yes. I included my son in the photo shoot of my daughter's first Easter and first time in LA No, my son did not want to take pictures due to overstimulation. Yes. My son is autistic. No, I do not love my son any less. Yes, I've been ridiculed and slandered through social media. No, I do not feel I am obligated to explain myself to complete strangers. Mm. Yeah. Yes. I threw my son a birthday party yesterday with my entire family present.


No, I did not share the moment online because it was also the second time my kids were in the same setting. Yes. I provide for both of my kids. No, I do not give a fuck if you believe it. No, I do not complain about my responsibilities. Yes. I am tired of this situation. Happy Easter. And this came because his son's mother saw that picture and was like, yo, you didn't post a picture of our son. Are you ashamed? What's going on? So she said, and I quote, yes, your son was a part of a shoot that was never announced as Navy's first Easter. You said it was because you wanted to take pictures with both of your kids for Easter.


Yes. My son was overstimulated. 'cause you took two hours to get a haircut and your makeup done. Yes. There were pictures taken with my son. But because he wasn't standing there posing like a robot and instead being himself, he wasn't included. Regardless, your son celebrated his fifth birthday and just got a text that said Happy Birthday son. Yes. He had a joint B-day party yesterday with his cousin. Yes. You showed up four hours late and stayed for an hour and didn't come by your son till it was time to leave and you wanted a picture. Yes. I've had my son every single day since last year. Regardless of a court order, if you're going to tell the story, tell the whole thing.


Woo. That got Me. It's intense. Yeah, that's a lot. That's a lot of that. Don't think the whole world should know it. Information. I hate this. You know what though? What, what I find in recent years is that the, the the kid's birthday is when some shit could pop up. For sure. If there's shit to pop up for sure. For sure. I agree with you. I don't think it should. Yeah. But like we saw with Kanye and Kim, not that he's the greatest example. Right. But there are examples where on the kid birthday, if all is not right, it could go away. True. Yeah. Yo, Thank you to to to the parents who are able to go ahead and just keep some of this shit off the fucking internet. Like as much as I sit back and I complained about a lot of the stuff that I went through with my son's moms, I'm so happy that today we can just get on the phone and if we have a problem, just talk some shit out and never feel like we got a tweet or Instagram some stupid shit just out of nothing.


Like you both love your kids. Why the fuck you taking this shit to the internet? Like he has every right to do what he wanted to do. He shouldn't have to go explain this now to the rest of the world because you felt the way about something that could have been a phone call. Right. Like we don't need to always be a part of y'all group chat shit ever. Actually leave us outta this shit. Yeah. I shouldn't even have to have a judgment based upon why he didn't want to put his son in the picture. That's his Business. Imani is absolutely right. But I love reading your business When it's funny. That's the problem is this one is not funny business. Right. So then you get all, you watch it, I read this stuff and I just get anxious. 'cause it just takes you to all these different places. And it frustrates me because first of all, I, I understand why people don't post their children on social media. Word. Yes. I completely get why and for a long time I didn't because of these types of conversations and audiences, fans, the public, whatever, make a lot of assumptions about your life based on what they see in that picture.


And they get not just judgemental, but they get invested. And I remember It is maybe like six months ago when I had posted a picture of my daughter. I think she, I don't remember what it was something she did something right. Maybe she, I don't know, turned 21, whatever it was. Maybe it was more recent than that. One of, one of those weirdo fake accounts started hacking me. Mark has another daughter that he's ashamed of that he never takes care of, never mentions blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Because I guess they had they do internet weirdo stalker shit and, and realize that I had another child and grandchild, you know, and these two grandchildren. Right. And so because they, I had never told that story about me just meeting her until I was here a couple weeks ago. Yeah. They made all kinds of assumptions that I was being a shitty dad and that I was somehow ashamed of this other girl and that I was a deadbeat as opposed to the exact opposite being the case.


Right. Right. But they, they were trying to start a kind of campaign again. You know what I mean? They were almost trying to not blackmail me. It wasn't that strong. But they were definitely trying to kind of apply pressure on me to, because 'cause they don't fucking know. Right. And so when I See that thing of Roddy Rich, I'm like, I don't know if his his, his child's mind could be right. He could be. I don't know. But I know enough to know that I don't know. So I'm not gonna go on the internet and slander him, attack him, say he's a, I mean, and I saw the attacks that he got. I didn't know that the mother responded, but I saw the attacks he got and I'm like, we don't know enough to have an opinion on his life at all. And this is why people should just, again, I get why people don't, don't put their kids up. I get it a hundred percent. Well the internet can be very mean to children.


Yeah. And dangerous to children. Shit. I'll use Summer Walker as an example. Like she, she's somebody that's plenty of people I know that if they could take back ever putting Nick kid on the internet because y'all are mean spirited fucks. Especially if I have an autistic kid. Yeah. We just Saw this because they no audience. I hate to Bring it up, but back to talking. Yeah. He's friends with this family and was mean to kids on the internet. Yeah. They don't even always be the fucking strangers, dog avatar stranger. Yeah. Be people, you know. Nah, That shit different. And depending on what, what level of autism It is, them niggas don't be beat.


I ain't gonna hold you. Nah, they don't. The kids is autistic outta Here. Fuck That up man. The lights, the cameras, the noise, the, the of the kids too much. Leave me alone and you leave alone. Right. So again, I'm with e this ain't It is not our business. But once I saw him say that his son was autistic, I, I had a new level of understanding bro. My thing is what was going on, Let's say this to me, it's audacious for some strangers to even attempt to hold you accountable for why you did or didn't do a certain thing. Yeah. But he, this wasn't a stranger that was attempting to hold him accountable. Now the strangers came later, But the came after you. You get what I'm saying? Like the comments and all of that shit.


It is like a level of entitlement that they are not supposed to have. It's, It is crazy. I didn't, I, again, I didn't realize that until I came here. 'cause all that shit was not a part of my world. You know what I'm saying? I didn't know these things even existed until I got here. You know what's crazy is I, I had a situation with, with my oldest son and his mom was very adamant in the very beginning. Please do me a favor, do not post our son on, on Instagram anywhere. Right. I don't post them. I have people that typically attack me online. I really don't want the trial, the, the troubles. And for me, I was like, I ain't got nothing to do with me. But at a certain point I sat back and I was like, you know what, maybe this is best not just for her but also for my son.


And on the top of the fact that I'm in a space where people like to just dig into my own shit as well. That shit is so maybe that would be the best thing to do for him. Like, so sometimes just those little conversations, even if it might not be where you Mark talking about the investment, like, bro, these niggas will go digging. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen people go digging for this. I mean I've seen niggas have asked me, yo dog, I fuck with you on the pod. Can I just see a picture of your daughter? You just had a new daughter. Right. That's Crazy to me. What are we talking about? It's crazy. This shit like, what are We talking? Yeah. Y'all can't see no fucking picture of this daughter. I ain't seen a picture bro. Appreciate God, that shit goes from, that's not fandom to me. That's, It is not fandom. Like It is. It is. It is. It is not cool. It is whack to Me.


Fandom in the age of social media has gone up another notch. People feel like they deserve Yes. To be inside your house. Yes. Yeah. In a way that they didn't before. Because so many People do that. Like They're, they're inside of people's house. Right. Yeah. They're Truman show. Everyone took Truman show to be truth in reality in the past 15 Years. For me it's less to do with the actual person. It's just them wanting to be a part of something no matter who It is. If they can just find it through you then cool. But they just wanna feel a part of something that's bigger. This is one of my biggest regrets on shit I brought to the game. You did. You did though. You you did some. Sometimes I lose sleep over it. This wasn't my you you were very, this wasn't my intention when I created this. They used it for evil. Yes. That's the problem.


That is the problem. It is so stupid. What you created. Huh? What? You created the Truman show in hip hop. That's True. No, you Yeah. No, no. I give you that. I agree with, I Give you that. You was very to stripp it away from me. Nah, No, no. I Just, nah, I didn't like the the snarling you what You created you bitch ass under. I ain't like that was No, I was just trying to understand what you were saying but nah, you no. You big on that. You big on that. Yeah. Stupid ass Joe Bud Community went out there and found the porn stars that looked like Ronnie Cycl. Huh? Oh shit. Yeah. That, that, that was a little fun. That was fun. What else happened? Y'all tore me up for lying. The female silver surfer shit. Fuck y'all. I'm old. I forgot.


I ain't like that. I don't like that female. That little female silver surfer lady was important for two months in the comic books growing up. Yes. These niggas don't n the fuck I remember shorty now that y'all said anyway, what else, what else was that? Is there anything in music that needs our attention? No. Right. Not Really. Other than the non-music shit that we just talked about. Right. Musician. Lemme see, lemme see what's on my list. 'cause I know I got some bullshit here. Let's see. All right. I have Tyler being Tyler and a story that no one cares about, but I wrote it down anyway. Tyler or Tyler? Tyler. Oh. Oh. Talking about the Britney Spear. Tyler with the Britney Spears inspo outfit where Tyler came out and was like, I didn't get this from her.


No inspo there for for certain. I just thought the outfit was cute and then somebody said something to her and she was like, why don't you shut the fuck up? Lemme find So, but they was on tireless ass. I can't say nothing about it though. 'cause I already said enough she maybe She probably wasn't as but your style. Yeah. Just about to say her style. She Might, somebody might said put this on or she don't even know. No, It was like a green top with Dham shorts. It was it like iconic Britney Spears a outfit when she did MTV awards when she Oh, MTV a corner and all that got so, I mean it's very similar. And at the end of the day, someone got some info your stylist knew of you. Tyler Is how old?


20 I two? I don't know. She Wasn't born when she early twenties. She might not know what the fuck. You get what I'm saying? I'm saying saying she might have not been inspired by it, but Yeah. She might have not been. Don't get me wrong though. If you, if you a, a study and a real artist and you've known, you know the, the Legends, you know those certain looks that came across like the J-Lo look is just a legendary look that she did at the MTV awards. Yes sir. Lil Kim shit with the one boob out is a legendary look whether you a a kid at that time or older, you remember those looks so you know where the inspiration is coming from. Shit you bugger Anyway. That's not the point. The point is whether you got inspiration for Britney Spears or not. Why'd you say that?


Yeah. Couldn. Shut the fuck up. Shut. Just don't say shit. Could they come from a mean yo dog? They come from a mean ass place my nigga. We just talking about this. These niggas come from meanness. These niggas on the internet, they growing up on the internet. If you disagree with the nigga on the end of the day they suck Dick. You bitch ass nigga you that that's what they come from. Yeah. Any remote slight disagreement is, oh yo, you sucking dick, you yo get your fuck. Get a dick out your mouth. You like, yo bro, what are you talking about? I just said, no, I disagree that that's what they come from. I expect almost any celebrity to crack at some point when you getting nothing but bullshit. Don't thrown your way all Day unless you a older veteran. That's Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. New the new guys, you're going crack.


Yeah. Shit. The veterans is cracking. So you gonna at some point be frustrated and wanna respond back to somebody. Everybody Has those moments. Yeah. I Want the total opposite side of this. Yeah. I Believe you from Y'all. I Believe you. How you see it Again, like we started earlier, like when you was talking about being calm and what being calm means I come from the old school meaning of celebrity, which was limited access. That's real. So today fans should be able to say anything that they want and most of it probably will be mean without really knowing how you feel in response to it.


I don't agree with that. Mm. You Don't agree with what she could have been in her house or just any celebrity. They don't, people don't have to know how you feel regarding all of these matters. There's nothing wrong with shutting the fuck up, especially when it's this inconsequential. Who cares if you got in spoke from Britney or not amidst rumors already that you kind of a dick. I'm not gonna say that 'cause I'm 44 and I've said it already about her. But yeah, all the comments are just like, alright, we can understand why some people think that this girl is a dick and that's cool when water's out. I think that's unfair. I think that's unfair. I think that this is a human being and yo, just because you're a celebrity and you wear a certain, or you, you have a certain job that don't entitle people to say whatever the fuck they wanna say to you.


And if you feel like it's a day where you tell 'em, suck my dick and shut the fuck up, you are entitled to do that. If they entitled to be disrespectful, you are entitled to tell 'em Suck your dick. You come in here and days and telling people, suck your dick. I think you're entitled and you 45 years old. I think you're entitled to but you shouldn't, shouldn't. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're entitled. I agree. IIII empathize with everybody who does that. I've had those moments. You've had those moments. Pick And choosing, Bro. No, no. I'm saying I think we have to pick and choose though. Like at that, at that level. Just, I don't think we should. 'cause I think it's bad for business. You know, I don I think it's bad for, you Know, I don't like that because once again, it gets back to picking and choosing who we like it to come from. There was a lot of times where Rihanna was clapping back at everybody, everybody, some shit. And we was cheering it on, Laughing on Twitter. She was, she went Back as celebrity. She went at other artists and we were like, yo, that's some real shit because she speaking straight from the she human.


So it's, It is, It's a little different. Rihanna too because yeah, It's a crock of shit. It's Just part of me. For me, Rihanna is having fun with it. Like, it's different when you look like you clowning people and playing people versus you actually look angry. Like you wanna actually go out and fight somebody. And again, I'm not saying I'm above it, I'm just saying like, I don I think we look, I think we end up looking bad if we respond to, if we show that they, that they're getting to us. For sure. You know what I'm saying? That's all I'm saying. Whereas I didn't feel like they were getting to Rihanna. I feel like Rihanna was just clowning people. Celebrity, regular, whatever. Like disagree. But it's cool. I mean we, we don't gotta keep talking about it. Yeah. Rihanna, Cardi has had interactions with fans like, yeah, card's going get the fuck out my face. Yeah. Suck my dick. She Said chop a dog walking. You get what I'm saying? Like, yo dog, humans are Human.


Y'all are naming people, one that are outliers, two that have partially built their brands on this behavior that you talking about. Mm. So Cardi can come out and do that of her. Rihanna didn't build her brand on that. That was part of it. No, it wasn't. No it wasn't. It 100% was a part of building her brand. It was 100% a part of it. Her being able to say certain things that other artists were unable to say and it be received a certain way. That was a part of brand. She started, She started building a part of that brand On que off, Off, off of She was already successful at that point when she started to build that brand. This young lady. I think that's right. Is no way near the type of success Rihanna is at that point.


Not even close. This can Still be a part of her building her brand. Yo, I'm very blunt. I'm not gonna sit back and just let y'all say whatever. So, So school me on this because I don't know her well enough to know why are people reading her as a, allegedly as like maybe a dick as opposed to Rihanna? Rihanna. It it was the, it was the, it was, yo hold my award. Could you hold my award please? That played a big part in it. Okay. Oh yeah, I remember. And the manner in which she did that. They did that. A lot of people turned their nose at the interview. The usher. The Usher dance and Dove. I remember that one. Yes. There Was a colorism conversation. It was was a conversation about ethnicity was There?


Oh, she was the one with the, with the, the black colored thing South. She's from South Africa. It is been, It is been a few, it's been a few. Some don't seem fair to her, but I get it. IIII see what you're saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yo, I'm not with celebrities wanting everything to be fair. I just don't understand this. I don't understand that nothing about your celebrity life is fair. I'm confused by this. What, what is she saying that she wants to be fair? No, I'm not talking about her. Oh, You saying just in general Saying remark says, damn, some of that's not fair to her. He's right. Okay. Where, when, I don't know when we got to this time where fairness should be allotted to the World, but it's not even a celebrity thing. The world ain't fair to nobody. Right? Yeah.


Cool. But if the world's not fair to nobody, then we gonna hold everybody to the same standard. And if Joe Button wasn't a rapper and Joe Button was a mechanic or an engineer or an accountant and somebody says something rude to you, you are entitled to tell him, suck my dick Not okay. I don't like the word entitled right there. And I don't wanna be circular in this conversation. You can say anything you want deal with. How much money do you make while you say it? I I think the money piece is irrelevant. Oh See, I don't, yeah, It's, I think that I don't, I think that you stand what you stand there and I think You welcome. I think that's foolish to even think that the money part portion Disagree. I think that some people make choices and decisions and they, and they live with the, the, the, the recourse or the circumstance.


I mean, or the, If you made a choice, cons Of what they saying, If you made a choice to go into a career, we're gonna be put in front of a bunch of people. People are going to have criticism. You should know that. And not everyone is gonna be nice and Positive. And for me, this is the classic Franklin from snowfall. Yo, y'all want me to be mad at the way a nigga talk. I Disagree. This nigga's getting, It is too much Money in state when came and sat on, and I don't wanna make this about me. When I came and sat on this couch, I don't think I came and sat on this couch and said, yo, I'm gonna come now and speak in front of the public. And so now I take whatever comes along with that. Did you have Any expectation that that would happen? No. I, I knew nothing about that. That's You should've though. No, I Shouldn't tell. No, I shouldn't have. No, That's not, that's not not for Him. That's no, I shouldn't have. Well, this was never part of his background.


He didn't really have a full understanding of what this would like. Yeah. But true. But when you come and decide to be a party, No one really, no one really told him what to expect. How do you know what to expect? That if, if you are a a a a if you hit the lotto, right? If you hit the lotto for a hundred million dollars, how the fuck do you know what to expect that comes along with having a hundred million dollars? Well, some things you don't expect. You don't know that. No. Some things until you experience it, for sure. You have no idea. For sure. But, but if a bunch of people start asking you for money and pretending they were your cousin, you wouldn't be surprised by that. I would say that's something you should've expected. Or, but the people in Nature, but the people that might be close to you that you looked at and you love, then they start treating you funny or they act funny. That's surprising. That would be surprising to you for Sure. What I'm saying is the, the, the example of the person who has an extra cri who gets extra criticized now that they on TV or in front of a camera.


I'm saying that to me is more akin to a bunch of people asking you for money. In other words, like we've been on the other side of it. Like you and your homie sit in the barbershop. We sit in the barbershop and talk shit about people who, famous people. Right. So I would assume that we you would've expected that. Yeah. I'm not saying, I'm not saying you're right or wrong. I'm just saying like, I'm surprised that you, it's, It is fucked up that y'all just expect people to turn off their human instinct of just wanting to go ahead and s like, I get it. Yes. There are certain things, there's a gift and a curse that comes with entertainment. Yes. You 100% should be able to understand The people in. But it's a human, It's a human thing to want to respond and even sometimes Respond. Of course It is. I don't think you're on fulfilling that way. I'm just saying, I, the one thing I'll say is a lot of times we normalize and naturalize like the, the benefits of this position.


And this is what, this is the part that I think Joe is right about. Like, it's not gonna be fair, but it's also not fair when we get kicked to the front of the line at the restaurant, it's not fair. I said the world ain't listen, give curse. I'm not saying, but give curse. You both can be true. The world ain't fair. The world ain't fear if you are a mechanic. Yeah. But you can respond how you respond. You just gotta live with No doubt. Okay, We on the same page. Okay. Respond. Respond how you wanna respond. Yeah. Let me let y'all know out there that people are talking bad about You right now. Yeah. Famous or not. Wherever you're more people are talking about No matter where you're, no matter what you're doing, you can be their accountant, the mechanic, all these fucking occupations using somebody just talking mad about you.


Yeah. I can't think of the amount of times I've walked out of a mechanic shop or stop and talk bad about the person I dealt with. 'cause they were whatever, rubbed me the wrong way. You go to a restaurant and get bad service, you're gonna be talking bad about that later. Or server. The gig is the gig. This Is just cruel. He reserves the right to tell all of these people Ain't choking people too.


You just got locked up. Who did lying? Mark. For real? Yeah. Like a, like a month or so ago, got into a incident with a dude in, in a restaurant. Say he like his slung At Nah, he was doing some racial slurs on him. He ain't like it. Yo him up. Mary Fiman Didn didn't think it was possible, but they're turning me off this song now. It's Fucking terrible. Don't let them do that. It's fucking Terrible. They're turning me away from this song. I don't know if you guys heard this clip, but I'll play it For you. You being influenced, yo. Yeah. Tesla Cyber Make me mourn. Make me like the mour This Morris This audio is bad.


So I'll just tell you, this is actor Miguel Nunes. I, I'm not familiar with him. Okay. But he claims that Simon Cowell, creator of X Factor and former a and r executive offered the hit song Return of the Mac to Eddie Murphy. But Eddie Murphy turned it down and now I can not, not only can I not unhear it, this is a Eddie Murphy song. It is, it Should have been Eddie Murphy. I can't unhear that now. Yeah. One for sure, Two Eddie would've embodi it. He Would've. Now I look at it as one of those songs that were fucking A spoof. Yeah. The spoofs that they pass around the industry. The creator hit.


Oh yeah. The, the the Manufactured Science Lab hit that we can give this to whoever and it's, it's the go. I don't like those hits. I don't like those hits. Sometimes I like those hits. Well, sometimes I do, but I'm not Gonna lie, sometimes They won't. Historically I like the person if she's a hit maker, I want to hear what those hits sound like. Yeah, for sure. I don't want to hear just hits being shopped to anybody. If anybody do it, it's a hit boom bomb bug. Except for what? It works. Okay. And it works sometimes it Works sometimes. So, so as a Bomb buck, I hate that. Like if you are a writer, right? I'm a writer Or a producer And a producer.


Like I'm saying for other, like other people primarily, you could write a song and say, yo, to me, I would like to give this song to x or I would like to give this song to y Like if you hear Kanye talk, Kanye was like, yo, he did Heart of the City. He said y'all wanted to give that song to DMX. Like I envision DMX having a song. Okay. You get what I'm Saying? So I understand what you're saying. Let me, let me, Because that sounds like a Eddie Murphy S what I'm saying is song. What adds adds to my point is that Mark Morrison never had nothing else. That's where it gets tricky. There was never another song. Slap Jam album is just the song is the game. We gave this to you. This is forever cemented with your name, but you gone got yeah, just a one one time quick hit.


Hell no, I can't respect it. You Still gotta deliver the the record. And he did. He did. So let's not strip that away. He delivered the record the way, but it was tailor made to just be more of a fun loving thing. And his tone fit that. Which is why when you hear Eddie Murphy could have did it, it makes all the sense in more. I don't want to hear that shit now. Now, man. Oh Nah. I think, I think it would've been an even bigger Smash Smash if You have, because it's for sure that You Have a, a different affinity for Eddie Murphy songs. Oh, you, oh, That's true. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because you was in the Michael Jackson. You was in the was Y know it though. Of course we know, we know it. Put some respect. If Eddie Murphy walks in any record label and says, Hey Rick James produced this for me and here's what we got.


They're putting all the money to make sure people, Eddie Murphy has some more slaps on that. Huh? Morrick James. I hate his music. Morrick James. See that What I mean Annie, Rick James will Write you Ahead. Annie cab really sing and they said that, that, that, Oh, you on his, you glaze. You getting too far. This is what You think Annie Murphy can sing. This Is what the young boys called gla. It is Eddie. Eddie. Eddie can hold a note. Eddie can sing for an actor. He Can hold a Note. Eddie can s can he sing better than Charette? Come On. Stop. How many girls s better than Eddie Murphy? Come on, just, just checking your temperature buddy. Stop. Don't do That. Alright. It is tell the audience how Eddie is fucking Luther Van drill. About to About to, it's about to drag it and put something in the universe. I'm saying that Eddie Murphy can sing like he ain't no bum singer.


So yes He is. He is a mediocre singer. It's a lot of mediocre singers. Some of our favorite singers are mediocre Singers. And I think Eddie's right under it. None of my favorite singers are mediocre Singer. That's not true. Some of your favorite artists like Who name somebody keeps What? Not even even Insult. Nobody change. I ain't gonna insult Nobody. I think Eddie, I think Keith sweat's a better singer. Murphy Keith Sweat. And Keith. I love Keith. I love Keith Sweat. Keith OG Keith Love him. But he, you be outside A lot. If y'all about to say No, That's my, y'all about to say that Eddie Murphy sings better than Keith Sweat. No, I'm saying Keith Sweat is the name I wanted to ask you about after I heard your shout. Att Oh No. So listen, I wasn't about to say that. I was saying he said name some other mediocre singers that are great artists. I think it's a bunch. Keith is a great songwriter, great producer, all that. I don't think he's known for being a vocalist.


Right. And I'm saying Eddie's under him. He stepped the niggas too. I know That's on. I don there Too. And you In Harlem. I I don't wanna promise. I know Smooth Eddie was the benefit of being famous and having a great production and a great, so a great album. I I I agree that a lot of, there's a lot of mediocre singers out there. I just think Eddie would not be somebody I would call a singer. You know what I mean? And Eddie's A fucking plant. We don't always want to hear a virtuoso singer. True Eddie was true the fucking plant. You want something I can sing to? I don't want to try to sing along with someone that I can't sing to. No, that's fair. Otherwise we would listen to opera. But That's the beauty of a, that's the beauty of somebody. Songs that you can sing along with. Like, don't get me wrong, it wasn't like Mark just didn't have any type of vocal ability, but he did enough to where you didn't discredit him and he did.


Right. Not enough to where the next normal person walking down the street can sing. Right. That's sometimes catch We all feel like mix of a great fucking hit record. It's almost like the rappers that can rap super well don't necessarily be the most successful because it's hard to keep up with it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. The only reason I was saying that anything about him being a quality singer is I don't, I'm I'm not necessarily convinced that if he had the song that it would've gone to the next level. I think sometimes it's the right person at the right time. For sure. That just hits that, that just hits that mark. Even though Eddie was more famous, I don't know if he would've bodied the song. I think he would've, I think this song would've been big. Nah, this would've been, this would've been a body bag. Yeah. If Eddie would've did that Body Bag. You, you a bigger record. You Like Eddie more than I do. So that, that's a big Part of it. I mean that's, yeah. Big og and you, you know who Michael Miguel Nunez is from?


Where? That's Joanna man. Joanna man. He was also in life. He played the game. Y'all don't think I don s Scarred Don't Be s that that's this dude's name. Yes. Don't be S Scar. He was on He don't be Scurred. Yeah, I don Pretty Rick. He's what you call him Martin. Okay. Come on man. I ain't know that was his name. I just want to put some Respect with his name. I don wish you niggas could see my thoughts sometimes. Alright. Okay. Nah, I know who It is now. Alright, nut. Oh Yeah. Alright, what else? What else, what else, what else, what else is there? What? Let's see.


Damn. The draft is Thursday. Yeah It is. Mm The draft is Thursday. I don't know if y'all are equipped to have a NFL draft talk. I mean a little bit, but Shit, I only wanted to ask you guys. I think the entire draft is decided by us. The Giants had picked three, Three. I think two actually is gonna make a lot of, I think Travis is one Actually. I think whether, whether they picked Travis or Abdul Carter is gonna make a big Difference. I think, I think the Giants are taking that court. The, that running back Gentry. I think they're taking him, I I think after that point it's Weber. Okay. You don't talk no more on this topic.


Please go ahead if you don't mind. Okay. Do me a favor. This is like that Vatican stuff. Do Me a favor. If Cam if, if it runs down being Cam Ward Travis Hunter and then that little running back dude, then come back and talk to me though. That's very, and I, a lot of people consider him a top five Talent. Did Giants take Ashton Gente in the great words of Charlemagne to God? Okay. I I, Okay. Hey, how Nigga Wait, you should be excited. Take Hey. Whoa. Fuck. Hey. That's how egregious I think your football take is right now. But if that happens, I don I don't think it's that I don Egregious Though. That's not that egregious. I Don't think it's that Egregious. If y'all took em right there, if I were Giants fan, I would be happy with that.


Yeah. Yeah. Unless you bypass Travis Hunter that Okay. Tra if Travis Hunter is picked second, what do you do? Don't write that check Joe. Hey, no, we did it. We don't all, no, I'm, I'm outta here. I don't think they will but I don't think it would be the most egregious thing. There's a lot of people that have him regarded as a top five, at least over overall talent in the draft. They don't typically drive running backs high. But the Giants did it before with se quality. I don't think it would be that egregious and, and regret they fucked up keeping. Got it guys. And that is our NFL draft. Hey that is our NFL draft coverage. Holy shit. Shit. So stupid. Are Yo yo are you niggas crazy giants?


Please pick this nigga crazy. Please pick them please. It's almost like I'm in a room of people that haven't watched one draft show. I've watched a million, I've watched and no one has him slaved there. No one anywhere in the world has said GenY to the Giants at three. I agree. I agree with you. Nobody saying so y'all, I just want to know saying I just letting y'all know y'all Are breaking that. Okay. That is a hot Take. I don't think that will happen. But that being said, I do think that his talent would Yeah, I don't think make sense. I don't think they'll take him either. But what I'm saying is if they did take him, I wouldn't be like, oh they, the the biggest flopping. I wouldn't do that. Okay.


They just didn't pay Saquon. So I doubt they they'd take him. Well this's the Seon thing, our running back now is actually pretty good back. Yeah, he is also young. Yeah. Like this is his second or third year coming up. Yeah. Like He's more of ACAP back That part. Shit. He's nice though. Tell that to fantasy owners. He didn't look like that to me. That nigga was putting up buckets. He was the only back they had for a long time. Actually. He Was. So you don't got no choice but to put up buckets. Listen, hey, I'm done with football talk. We did it. We did it. Hey, the Draft is Thursday. See you guys there Saturday. I'm Sure we'll unpack it. I feel like there's something in music that has to be there that we're just not discussing. Is music that beat? Yes. Yes. Yeah, nigga.


Really is. It really Is, bro. We almost in May. Oh I know. You know what I'm saying? Like, yo, we almost everybody's like, nah, nah, nah. A heavy hit is coming first quarter. Oh, ain't no hitting been done my nigga. This shit is trash. I'm fine with that because I, I I there's albums that came out that I'm listening To. I still got Bad Bunny and Kendrick. I'm good. Yeah. I'm still listening to that bad bunny. Me Too. Yeah, It is. Tiny Dust was great. Amazing, amazing fans. That band was incredible. Yeah. I'm gonna just go to the Heights if I want go. I need to go.


I'm good. I'm cool. I'm good. Nah, it's not my thing. Y'all doing anything this weekend? I'm traveling All day. You go to Nashville? Nashville? Yeah. It's re's birthday. That's what she wanted to do. All her friends. That's dope. That's dope. Yeah. Me and my man definitely be the only dudes there. I think That's Is he single? No, his his girl, his girl fiance is, is coming as Well. Nobody is single but You. Right. Way Like everybody in the world found their person. He found some people. Yeah, he found his people, his Tribe. How about That's dope. It should be fun. It, I do feel like at some point we're gonna be the only dudes there with like eight women.


When y'all leaving Friday, Saturday? Yeah. Pull up. It's right there. Got wrecked right quick. Look at him. He ready already. I love Nashville. You Said you traveling? Yeah, I gotta do, I gotta do Friday. I got a, well no Saturday actually Saturday I gotta do a, a speech in North Carolina. I'll be in Charlotte, North Carolina speaking to I think about a thousand educators about what's going on down in North Carolina. And then I'm headed to Denver on Sunday for a few hours to, to deliver an academic paper, Which I'm on the war tour with Muhammad. My man. Shit, It is exhausting man. I wish I, I wish, I wish I could not do it. What Though?


The academic shit don't pay that. No. Like it literally doesn't pay. It is for the culture. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I, I spent six months writing an essay, a theoretical essay that I'm gonna deliver on Sunday morning to the American Educational Research Association. So, you know, I want people to hear the paper so I'm gonna do it. But it's, it's a, It is a drag to go all the way to Denver for that. And then I gotta fly away back on Monday. What page? Like the joints that Dr. And them be doing? Yeah. I mean I get paid for speeches but I don't get paid for like papers. You know what I'm saying? So the speeches paid pretty well, you know, and I give a large chunk of it to, to charity. But the papers is what draws in the speech buddy. Right. Is that how the you'd Be surprised how much they don't really, people don't care about the paper. It's, it's very inside baseball.


Like nobody pays attention to it. If I go on TV or I write like a newspaper article or I do like a magazine thing. Yes. But like academic papers, 12 people read those things. Hey big, big dog. How much you say you give to charity? A significant portion. About the same portion he gives to autism. I don't give money to autism. I gave money to a non-profit. No, he just buying prom outfits. S that part too. I get the same percentage. Y'all Do that already? Mm when the fuck is the Prom? Tomorrow? May. May. Oh that's Right. Okay. I didn't know you did that. So you, you buy prime outfits for people? I'm donating privileged kids. I'm donating tuxedos and outfits to a bunch of boys that can't really afford them.


Oh. But they GPAs and shit like that are high and a lot of 'em wasn't even gonna go to the prom 'cause they just couldn't afford it. That's dope. Dope. How, how, how much does it cost to do that? You can get some money. I'll talk to you. Yeah, I'm Gonna give some. Yeah. Tell me how I'm gonna donate. That's what I'm asking. Yeah, I'll definitely donate to that. That's dope. Yeah. I just need some photos to show that they won. That they were purchased. I need to see go and fall for pyramid scheme. If you want more you gotta be careful fucker with the boy. That nigga sold that four niggas on a hoodie outfit. Exactly. Key sweatshirt.


S that, that's that issue on the side of the limo. Shit I to you nigga. Shit idiot. Yo. That's dope. It is nothing. You ain't do nothing. Oh nah. I'm going down south. My aunt passed away. Oh yeah. Condo. Condo. Man. This I gotta invite Y out next week. You performing, you perform? No, no, no. Some, some of the pe it's a funny invite and I'm but there's an establishment that wanted to like honor certain customers and stuff at the establishment. And This should sound shady as fuck. Dude, you telling this yo this.


Why he don't do the main s right here. It is. Why this nigga is not allowed. But go ahead. It sound like you spent the money already. No, ain't saying. I ain't saying shout. I I'm not saying the establishment 'cause I ain't wanted it to seem like I was giving, you know, spot that, that, is this a strip club? Nah, S not coming. That niggas don wanna saved. Come on, go ahead. You niggas They showing love so I Really, I didn't wanna I didn't wanna say it free appetizers. He said it Didn didn't wanna say it. These niggas are might one get one drinks. I invite y out, You know what I Mean?


Might one get one. Well drinks Just the way to get the Guys out. It's like the Mel had the Disney sky box since you doing you doing that shit again. Okay. That's funny. Didn't wanna invite everybody out. See I'm that paranoid. Yeah. When people invite me out is when my paranoia begins, I can see it. No that's not sick from me. Don't personalize it about, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. But but he should know me better enough to know that I can already determine you not going want to be here. So I'm not even sending an invite. I'm good at that. What kind of spot is, what is this spot? I don't know. Nah. Truth Idiot.


Before No you man times they get them all time they get me. Nah, they ain't never get me. I ain't never get got you done pink. So tell about the spot though. No, I'll put you on after. I mean not the name of it. It Is like a restaurant's, like a lounge. It's like a little hook lounge. It's all of them. Yeah. So all that, All that. Where did they give you the brown bag? It's is no brown Bad? Come on. It is me my nigga. We took brown. We took them brown Bad. I would tell you. I would tell you too. I would split it with niggas Too. No, you don't split it with me. Yeah. With niggas who you want. Don't split it with me. So The whole crew invited though. I, I'll, I'll, I'll speak to you after Because you said I want all y'all didn didn't know if you meant all us Here.


I I figured it would be a nice time to to, to really hang with the, with the cap. And I'm sure depending on who shows up, it'll be beneficial for you. Listen, don't get me wrong, you're not paying for a drink Cannot and say ever again in your life, You niggas cannot come. Right. Free hookah for life. For a money. Exactly. You don't gonna fuck if we come at all. Trust me Nigga. You ain't even negotiating the watermelon mint. But he ain't God Damnit love 66. Yeah. Holy shit. Aw. Let's see, let's see, let's see. Does anybody care that Kendrick Lamar has been announced as a brand ambassador for Chanel? Let we hit the round. Applause, applause, applause. Hey It Is to him. That's fire.


That's Fire. Okay. That's nobody gave a fuck about. Nah, that's Dope. I'm Kendrick d Yo, I'm, I hate to say it. I'm Kendrick Dwell. I think. I think that's fire. No, I, I'm congrats to him. I just talking about him and I think him pivoting to other worlds and being accepted over there, I think that's fire. I think you can just build on that brand. I don't know if I like that word Accepted. What's that? That's not true. Yeah. I don't, I don't Like that. Everybody don't get accepted into high, high-end fashion. That's, that's a task. Well, he's already been, like, before the Chanel announcement, he's been shown that he's into, into fashion and he has some relation to it.


It's not like this is his first time doing something in collaboration with a brand. But I, I just, They made him the ambassador. I'm Not gonna lie, I'm kind of with Mark A. Little bit. I just do your thing. But I've just heard so much of you this past years changed. I could Like six months of no Kendrick. How you even gonna say that in that t-shirt? Oh shit. How can you say I'm Kendrick out in a t-shirt that says The Future is black and Feminist. I feel like that's his same movement. No. No. Not at all. I mean, I'm again, salute to him. I want him to win. I just, it feels like I don't Need a new headline. Every That's what It is. Yeah. I don't need a new headline. It's been 12 months of him having a loose stool and we gotta talk about it. You know what I mean? Which is, again, nothing bad about Kendrick and I'm not criticizing us talking about it right now.


I'm just, for me, Kendrick, I just had like overexposure, I feel like he's almost overexposed right now for me. So I just, even as a brand move, I don't, I it's interesting to think about Why, Just the timing of it. Like I, I wish he, I wish this announcement would've happened right after the Super Bowl. Right before the Super Bowl. I like, he was right at that peak for his sake. You know what I mean? I don I don't know if other, 'cause I feel like other people may feel like he and I feel, which is a little Kendrick Kendrick out. That's all I can dig it. I mean, hes coming, his single is still number one and he is going on a stadium tour. Yeah. I mean, I, I listen, I get it. It makes sense with someone like him who's always been so like, kind of like recluse a little bit and not really always, it's a little different for me. So maybe that's just what it, what It is too.


Nah, I think he built in his own brand now. He not under TDE no more. And I think him doing that, I think if he, if if they would've announced it around the Super Bowl, it would've almost seemed gimmicky. Mm. Now right here it seems more authentic and it seems That's a good point. You know what I mean? Like, I, around the Super Bowl shit seem like y'all just dick riding. Right. You know what I mean? Like now, I think in May, well April, may them announcing now, I think it sounds more authentic. I Appreciate the wins Ain't stuck. Like I said, just every two, three weeks we getting another. And not even by just him, just the people. Period. Stop hating it. Yeah. Not fuckers hating on the K. Wait, you coulda wait to See that someone was hating on Kendrick up here. Huh?


I'm still going to that show And I, I'm, Oh, I'm going to the show. I Wanna go. It's just all the other stuff that you're talking about. Yeah. It's just all the other Yeah. It I can Dig it. Yeah, I can dig it Because it's a slow day. I, I follow this, this page that does Subway takes. Okay. It's a guy that gets on the subway. Oh, with the card? The microphone. Yeah, the card. That's the microphone. Yeah. And he ask somebody to give or take. Yeah. And they give one. Yeah. Which, which to me not only is a great show, but It is the fucking essence of podcasting. Like, give or take. So I'd be really listening to these shit. I wanted to play one and get your thoughts on, I actually wanted to play a few of these.


I wanted to do this on the Patreon, but since we got time today, I'll just do it. Tell me what y'all think of this concept. What's your take? There is no such thing as nothing a hundred Percent disagree. Yeah. Look. Okay. Alright. Something. No, I'm saying there's no such thing as nothing. Oh, so everything is something. Yeah. Yeah. Also, I was, so I do a hundred percent. I think you a hundred percent agree. Try to conceptualize of nothing in any manner. Try, try to describe it Just black. Like when you close your eyes, that's something. Oh wow. That's a profound something. Oh my goodness. Wait. So I do a hundred percent agree. There is no such thing as something. Yeah. Everything is something. We use the word in a way that I think undermines our ability to conceive of a brighter future. We use the word nothing.


Yeah. We, we say there's nothing there. We learn to use the word in a way that I think dismisses the incredible existence of, of everything. Maybe It is a defense mechanism Now. Either this is some really high shit. No, I'm rolling. I'm rolling. I'm kind of with him. I'm a Hundred percent rolling. Yeah. I think on one hand that is what It is. Only on one hand. Yeah. I mean, 'cause even the vacuum of space, you know, I mean, I just think like there's, there Must be Some kind of nothing. Yes. I just think that in science, the possibilities are limited To hear you niggas. I'm waiting to hear you niggas. I need. Well, me and Parks said we agree. I agree With I agree. I Agree too. I think that's what black people have always done, right? We Agreed. Yeah. I, I think we've always rejected the, the idea of nothingness as the final word.


That's why we say we made a way outta no way. Right. That's what, You know what I mean? We turn nothing into something. Right. Because we always know there actually is something there. Even when we say nothing. And that's the, the basis on creating new shit. I think that's why black people are so dope. Appreciate you my black brother. It is laughing at me. What's nothing Ish. You Know, that was, man, It is hard being woke, boy. It's hard being woke. It is just hard to see shit. How do you see it? What Movie was that? He was like, man, night school. We kept, he was like, man, It is hard being woke. I ain't See that. I think it's too much thought going into that, like the actual word. Nothing saying that nothing is something that's true.


But when you start trying to delve into it, I think you, you're trying too hard. Everything ain't that deep, yo. Yeah. Like You're trying to, I'm like, don't, I'm, don't get me. I I see the logic in Yeah, it's no such thing as nothing. But you don't have to define it. You don't gotta go down this rabbit hole. All right. Better up. He's good at it. Segregation. A hundred. So what's your take? Bring back? Segregation. A hundred percent disagree. Dead act. Bring it back. I wanna know where I'm not welcome. Okay. Put them signs back up. Publics only. Whites only. Let's do it. Alright. Put the bandaid on.


Especially for a restaurant. Are you kidding me? Whites only. What do I wanna do in there? God, Mayonnaise. Hot dogs. Only we got seasoning two. I like this. You were saying that the black excellence Absolutely the segregation is to get the, the colored excellence. Okay. Okay. What's the playlist in the whites only spot They playing Carry Underwood and Kid Rock. We playing Baby. Ain't no overhead lighting. Who talking about No overhead lighting? Hell Yeah. Look at his hair. Talking about where I go. That's the problem with North African. That's what I'm talking about. Oh yeah. Distinguished cast. Let's go. I Talking about where I'm going.


I support. What the fucks You said fuck yeah, I'll Go out on a limb. Prior to my current involvement, I wouldn't have been opposed to what she's saying. I wouldn't have been opposed to that. But now you can't use your wife as an aside. I don't want to go back to the whites guys. This is gonna be problematic for me. I don't wanna go. I don they can make some mutual spots. Please. It all go together please. The middle Zone. Middle zone. I'm not mad. Yo. Listen, it sounds crazy. Yes. Be careful after your little Vatican talk Chill.


It is. It's, it's, it's been, It is been posed before by, by a few people. I'm not mad at the take. Do I think solve anything? No. Do I think I don't either think helpful. I don No, but it's not a bad take. I do like, I like my racism in front of me. Alright Nick. Good memory. Overrated. A hundred percent Agree. I have an awful memory and I Love it. It's great, right? Yeah. Pick up a book. Awesome book. Three years later, same book Fresh. Watching the movie Twists and turns five years later. Shocked It on again guy. Oh, they're Gonna be together. Oh my God. They're not. He's dying. Sorry. Honestly, the best thing is, oh go to go to sleep upset.


Go to sleep in an argument. Wake up the next day. It's a new dawn. That's Advice to get to get to the old ball and chain. Never go to sleep. Upset. Yeah. But if you have a good memory, you might wake up still upset. Yeah. And then you have to suppress. I agree. I agree with a lot of you that that was for you. I'm not gonna beat y'all down with all of this shit that was for You For sure. But it's nuts bro. What's the name of that Cuckoo Subway takes? Oh, I definitely gotta go look at that. Cuckoo's Anonymous. Look at this bitch. Hold up. It's Your take. Anything is a dating app. A hundred percent agree. Spotify, Venmo, She's right. Engage with someone. Venmo. You're saying Venmo. Anyone that has their Venmo public is a hub. Is asking to be Flirted with. What else? That's a dating App. Anything. I mean Reddit threads, New York Times crossword.


Is This a dating app? I met my wife trivia. She's not wrong. She's I met my wife on trivia crap. Right. Wait, you met your wife. Wrong trivia. That's Right. Trivia correct. What's that? The Fuck is that? It was like Trivial Pursuit but like a app game and it had a little dm. That's where I got My Flow. It was horny on it. I was, I was, you solved a 12 letter joint baby gravy. What? Anything's a dating gap. She's right. That's hilarious. And it's a fat. Yeah, it's a fat. I ain't no word will Get 'em horny bro. Listen, That's the kingdom too. Get 'em on. All I don You definitely knew that you throw all the words at these with.


Look, I ain't even going to, you got me. It's cool. I ain't gonna say that Later on, on Paton. I might go through some of these just 'cause they're pretty creative. Oh shit. Yeah, they trying to play the Shannon audio on my phone. Every time I open my phone that Shannon audio is right at the top. I'm trying to avoid it. 'cause I don't know what's real and what's fake and what's doctored and what isn't. I'm just trying to wait. He's trying to wait it out. Fair. Fair. I just love that he said the video's 30 seconds, The real interaction Was a whole 10 minutes. Whole 10 minutes. Like put the whole thing out. I also don't know about famous men allowing themselves to be recorded and not keeping the video. Or maybe he sounded like he didn't know. He didn't know. He didn't know he was being recorded. She caught On To the crib.


And I'm also, I I'm, yo what is The noise? Let ask shit. Lemme ask you this. If, if that is the case, right? Why Is he at this girl's house? She might have been at his house recording him. She could have been. How do you still get to record? I don I don't, I don't know how that pans out. She could have had a little, it's Mad spy camera shit nigga. You know what type of technology is out here? Yeah. My thing is this, if, is it safe to say that if somebody is recording you, that they plan to use that recording at a later time? Yes. Yes. You get what I'm saying? Course safe to say that. And that's so scary. My nigga. Like that's if we take Shannon at, at at face value too. When he's recorded himself on Instagram live fucking, he's not very good with technology is I guess what, I'm 50 something years old.


I still don't believe that when he Actually hit Instagram. Yeah, it's okay. It happens to be all the time. He know fucking And then started selling Dick pills right. Next, next episode. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah. I don't know. Is that what he did? Yes. Yeah. Literally soon after that started announcing his, you just kidding. Dick Pills, sponsor Pills. Nigga started selling the Rhinos right after And and we covered it here. That's crazy. Yeah, I remember recovering the, the thing, I ain't know you started selling Monkey Meat. That's funny. Why do you call me, say Shit like that and then look at me. Yeah, Nigga, you stare at me.


The whole who Told you the your shit should be called a monkey. Nobody, nigga, whatever. You, I don't way yo, what you call your shit nigga? Tro, tasso, Whatever. Who the fuck come up with another na a name for whatever nigga want to call like Monkey? Yep. You just got, Y'all have names for your Dicks? No. No. Oh, Okay. I just making sure. I thought I was missing out on something. You don't. No nigga, You got a name for your dick. Y Your, I'm not saying you have an actual name for you Dick. I'm not saying a person. I'm saying yo, me and Mike Coming over. Your lady doesn't refer to. He said me and Mike coming over here. He does work. It definitely be Too. Right. Give You Right.


Yo, me, me and Jeffrey coming to do, I'm saying your lady, Your lady doesn't refer like, you know when you have like little nicknames for certain things as a couple. She don't got like a nickname for certain things. Please let us know. One of your ladies' nicknames for your Johnson. I I don't have one. One of your women. Come on. I be, no, I've had to refer. Give us a name nigga. Oh, shity. He played mad D yo.


That's funny son. Yo. Won the dunk contest. Yo. Chill out. Yo. Chill out. He got hops. Your hop Got hops nigga. Fuck you. Oh shit. You shit little with energy Dick as Michael Adams. Holy shit. Oh man. That's crazy shit. Oh Man. You ain't gonna tell. Nah You got it bro. No, It Is a safe space to tell this kind of stuff. Tell Us. Nah, I I was just asking y'all If Imani get a nose ring he would look like a stud. A stud. Oh shit. A but you kind of dressed like a stud right now.


So that's what I'm saying. I'm looking, looking at swag. I'm studded. No yo. You do look like Bernice. That's funny son. The Bernice of the stud world, Yo. Yeah man. Ice not here man. I not here. It is something going around right now where they saying Bernice, people are saying that Bernice looks like just the every 40, there's plenty of 40-year-old women that look like Bernice. Wait, who said that? Where they though? People just, people are saying that on the Internet. Yeah, I saw that on Twitter. Yeah. When you mad ice not here because It doesn't matter. Why would they say That? I wanted to hear him speak to it. Mm. And he's not here.


I miss the guys word. And women like I miss every the three people who are here. Yeah. Clean up with your shirt on. I meant with your little feminist shirt. I miss the gang. I miss the gang. I just want the whole gang here. You good show though. But It is, you know, you think that, I think what Your opinion On it, on what, which one? Bernice is just the average 40-year-old. I think my opinion on this is well documented. We don't need my, we don't need my opinion anymore. No. Not in anywhere. Nowhere, nowhere. She's the average 30-year-old. I think she's got the dirty old Bitches. That's what I'm saying. Them all wiped out average. Yeah. I don't think people know. Average. Average. She got some, she got some 20 year olds average 20-year-old wiped down.


Yeah. Fuck we talking about Averages. Yeah. On an average. Yeah, for sure. Face card alone. And I'm mad ice, ice is not here because I want to ask him if this is my New York bias, my Bernice views. No, no, no. Yeah, I don't think so. We have Instagram. Yeah, it's Fine. Yeah, that's true. I, I don have anything else that I need to get off of my mind and spirit and soul. How about you guys Call me a fucking stud. I Mean, bro, you seriously? Yo you look yo serious.


You look like a nick. I'ma fucking, and, and whatever he did this hair. There's something going on. Yeah. Now you gotta go lay something down. Now you gotta just go from ba out there. Right? Muggsy going for 30 tonight. That's hilarious. Somebody would call. Oh my God. Alright. Sleeper, sleeper, sleeper, sleeper. Sleepers. Sleeper, sleeper. Sleepers, sleepers, sleepers. I did see sitters.


Actually, I'll take that. Oh, on the way you saw too. Please. You know what else here saw it. I, I, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Text, I text the group chat. Nobody answered, nobody said nothing back. Fuck y'all. I said the group chat is not for productive conversations. I I I'm realizing that. Yeah. Slowly as things go by. Sin was fucking great. I really loved it. It was very Tarantino esque. Yes. I don't wanna do any spoilers or go deep dive 'cause I know y'all are going to see it tonight. Yeah. So we'll talk about it on Friday. But I I Really love that. Really cannot Wait. I, I got date nights set up for it and everything. Oh yeah. We, we, we had a little bit of four 20 edibles left over so we, You know what I mean? Oh, You saw on edibles. Oh, fuck Yeah. Oh, if I'm, I don, that's a good idea. I'm not gonna lie. I like it so much. I I think I'm gonna go again this Week. I'm not mad at that. That's what's up. That's why you're going again this week.


I'm going by myself. Oh. Going by myself. The first time I went with my homegirl and we both enjoyed it. But I movies like that. I want to sit by myself and just really watch. Okay. Can't, can't. Shit. I ain't saying nothing. I not saying nothing. Yo Mugs eat outside. Little mugs. S Little mugs. All right. I am going with DESTIN CONRAD. This record is called KISSING IN PUBLIC.


So God damn.


Brand new music from DESTIN CONRAD. That record is called KISSING IN PUBLIC. A available in your phone and on DSPs right this very second. Shout out to DESTIN CONRAD. I'm gonna play very old music. I found this when I was digging the other day and I was just cracking up. This is Don Covay. I was checking out. She was checking in. Okay. I just got finished giving the hotel manager back to room.


Keith, Bro, that's some old shit. I was outside in the car and the shadows of the parking lot, telling the woman I was with how happy she made me kissing and hugging and all of a sudden another car pull up. But I couldn't believe my eyes 'cause the woman that was sitting in the front seat beside another dude turned out to be my old lady Lord.


I was checking and she was checking in. That's funny. That is funny. Lemme tell you people I was checking out. That is funny. Just checking in. Oh Lord. I Was with my other, Hey, when that happens and she, she was with boyfriend.


I can't believe she would do that. Wow. The nerve. Here we go. She waited outside. Y'all in the car crazy while he went in. I wanted to say something to her, but there was nothing I could say. Woman. I was, I was checking out and she was checking y'all.


I saw another man. Took my old lady, lemme tell you. In the hideaway motivator. I was with my other woman and she was with her boyfriend. She was supposed to be at home.


The both of us. Untrue. I can't, I don I was checking out. She was checking In. That's from 1973. Love it. Bullshit is timeless. I Love it. I absolutely Love it.


I'm going to And the song is What's Up With It? Hey, Lemme get you what you see. You compatible with me. I think we ought to test it all time. And they free. And if you bought that action, baby come roll with me. Yeah, yeah. Sliding down, Down.


She know who she fucking. You look a little anxious baby. We could just slide to the side. Get a little active baby. I act ain't acting baby because she was my favorite lady. Really? I'm the one. Really? They come want you. Come save me baby. Baby Tell I know you.


What, what me sit time and they free and about that. Come roll with me. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. She flies. She ain't drama. She, She That's WASSUP with it by Asian.


How's a bop? I fuck with it. I don't know. You guys gotta like fight for who goes next? We go in, we go in seniority order. He's next. Okay. Oh, that's patient. So diplomatic of you. That's Great. This record is believe the name is Tab Tabeia. Okay. I'm saying your name wrong. I'm sorry, but it's Tabeia How Much I Care.


I That is, I wanna make sure I say her name or to to Tabeia.


To to to be. It looks like Tabeia to me. But I could be wrong. You know you. Nah, no, no. I just bumped into into the record the other day to her. No. Bumped into the record the other day. But sorry if pronouncing your name wrong, but that's How Much I Care. Record's Tough. Fire record. Yeah. Mark Up next our brother. But to me, our brother Wiz Khalifa just dropped the album last week. The whole album is fire and I, I chose How We Act featuring ot Genesis. Let's go Orange Juice two.


So put two things in the air. Grab two girls with all and up Kha Both hands on the will. She was Taylor gang. She Taylor gang still them niggas born. She hit me. She won to Chill. Let her play with the Switchy. Know the game sign sealed. I'm on tequila. She on Hennessy. Love that cushion. Nor she never knew how I feel. Hanging No Nest running up the hill. For real. I feel my cup cleaning up is failed. Wanna indulge in what? I'm puffing. I can tell that she troublesome two girls. That's double fun. Show off what you got. Don't gotta cover up. Don't look behind to see what's in front of us. Lightest. Sweet. There's a couple of them. Say you gonna get it tatted if it ain't the gang.


Fuck. Don't really trip on the other bitches. You the main one switching the whips. I never pull up in the same one. She Want to cut. I want to cuddle too. Legs in the air. Dick in the middle. That's a w. I ain't trying to fuck you better say something. Mashed potatoes, rice and beans. You ain't the main one. Get I never met a or a bitch that I can't for still hitting it from the back. That's How he act. I'm the one that you hit up to. Come relax. I'm the one getting you Taylor Gang tats. Putting that all on your body, rubbing your back. I rolling up in you rolling the match. I get so on my back. You want drink but don't know how to ask.


You love the feeling. You hope that it lasts because at the moment we both feeling intense. No, I'm gonna get a chance. Nobody put you on the game. I you program it in. Don't wanna leave. You want to stay with me. So it depends. One of the G, you really got one. I just know how to win. Like what I see. You need a rollie to go on your wrist. Me and my team, we make the go. We on. So like this, we get your no homie and win. Ain't no half with me. 100. The only percent She want to cut. I want to cuddle too. Legs in the air. Dick. Get the middle. That's a double. Ain't trying to fuck you. Better say so. Mashed potatoes, rice and beans. You ain't the main one. All that hating. Get your cake. I never met a aid or a bitch that I can't still hitting from the, That's how he As Wiz.


Khalifa and ot. Genesis, How We Act off cushion. Orange juice. Volume two. Fire. Shout to Wiz. Shout to Wiz. You've ever seen our wiz interview? It's on Patreon right now. Check it out the world. Check it out. Yeah. Amazing. But yeah. Cooling the other side of the pillow. Shout to Wiz. Was that it? That's it. Oh, last of it. Oh shit. Oh, okay. So let me find something here. Find a little Diddy, find a little Mark Morrison B side or something. You know you play That Y Don't want a little, you should look for Mark Morrison. B sides. There we go.


All right. Nice peaceful day. Static easy, Greasy. Hopefully y'all have enjoyed this broadcast as much as we have enjoyed delivering it to you. Bingo. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do farewell. Adio, cereba, dci OTA arvo. So long. Goodbye. A simple head noob will suffice.


Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. And lastly here, go. The baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel in a close-minded that women want you to teach them things. Grab a Tylenol. You might need it. Be careful what you say out there and never know who will be seated at the garden. Right in front front of you. Yeah. Or record you. You never know. You gotta be careful at all times. Yeah. Head on a swivel in New York, man. Stay safe. Safety first. Listen man, Do what you gotta do to get home.


Home tonight. Make it back to your family, your children. And love you. Hey, Remember your kids. See you as Captain America man. You're a superhero to them Niggas Outside. See you as Captain King of Roof Captain Crunch Captain. Captain Crunch. You know what I mean? Some of us, some of us stayed alive through the World Star era. Mm. Yeah. Niggas was playing knockout and screaming world star in the background. Oh It is a nasty time. Crazy. Be careful man. They're gonna tell the world how much money you make. Make sure your horny is contained to a nominal level.


I don't think that black men should be running around saying, yo a hundred m's. Next month. I'm not sure That anybody should, but yeah. Especially maybe. Yeah. No one should. Especially if you black fucking Joe Rogan man. He got niggas just saying it was, that's what did it. Spotify did. There was nobody else. Spotify did this. These companies have Just Ruined us. Oh. And I took them public man. I didn't know that was their intention, man. I would've did something different. Mm. Yeah. It hates me. I don't give a fuck nigga. Why you say That?


Look what you created. Huh? Look what you created. Yeah. It's two. Shout to ice flipping. Mel. Yo, we Miss y'all. We miss Y'all. We love y'all. Work was a lot harder without y'all today, but we managed to get through it. Indeed. They with us in spirit. Shout to freeze. This is that happy anniversary to freeze and Miss Freeze indeed. Shout to our good sister, Mel. Shout to flip. Who's a little under the weather. Get well. Get well Get well get better man. We need you. We need you on Friday. Hey, when you sick on a Wednesday, I would just tough it out and use that day for the Friday.


Get a little, get a little extended trip. No bro. Shout to my dad going to Puerto Rico next week and with his lady for a little fun time. Hey slu, I ain't gonna lie. I need, I need one of them weekends. I need a quick weekend in Turks or Dr or fucking somewhere. Yeah, I'll take my little Nashville. That's good for me. Then we're doing Puerto Rico later in the summer. So Puerto Rico's for me is in August. See what? What We good you up. I, yeah. Yeah. Where you staying at out there? I'm supposed to go to Tennessee in May. Oh. Where? Oh you still, Oh yeah. You still in that phase of your life. What you, you talking, you still in that phase of your life? I hate the assumptions. She gonna tape you.


Somebody gonna tape you. Yo. And again, whoever has the footage of my last fight, please release it. Please put it out so we can dispel some of this stuff. Man, It Is tough. Oh man. I ain't got nothing going on this week, man. Not that I can think of anyway. Sinners tomorrow. Oh shit. I did see the first episode of Black Mirror finally. Boy, that was great. Yeah. First episode was great. Amazing. The first two Were good. What a really great episode. Lemme stop the music of Black Mirror. That was a great first episode. It was Because it's real. It is. You could see it. It 1% Dog. Not to spoil it for anybody out there, but I'm gonna spoil it.


If my robot wife is now doing ads, I'm plugging her. You didn't get to ad free version of your wife is Nuts. Mark, have you seen the first episode of Black? I haven't seen it. I Need to The the way Mel said it, you they didn't, They just popped it up over. Yeah. Yeah. You didn't know there was an ad free version. No. You didn't know until, Yeah. That's crazy. No you didn't. But every month there was a new plus living plus that you could get and you've gotta charge you more now. And if you get pregnant, we gotta charge you more now. Yes. And at the end, you know, I don't wanna spoil it. I'm gonna watch, I'm gonna watch it. I don't wanna spoil it, but really good way to bounce back Black Mary just off.


Yeah, for sure. Just off that first episode. That's better than that last doppelganger. Whatever the name of that bullshit was y'all put out. Oh yeah, I forgot the name of it. Episode two was good too. Besides the end. Two was good End. The end was a little weird, little stupid ending. But yeah. And the other three weren't bad. They just weren't as good to me that the first two, Listen, stay tuned on Patreon. We will be discussing how Jason Stadium makes the same exact movie. But I'm gonna go and give him my money every single time. I'm going to see this working man. Shit. You Gotta watch Last of Last Of Us. Yeah. Oh my. The last episode Last of Us. All the episode came out. No, no, no. Only two episodes. Only two episodes. Oh, I Seen one fucking, Yeah, up Last.


The Bus started in an amazing way. Yeah. Episode one Two. Episode two. I'm saying one was, I Ain't see two yet. One was warm up, one was warming it up to, yeah. Alright, We'll see. Alright, so last of us. I still need to see Godfather Harlem. I Finished Yellowstone. That show is absolutely phenomenal. Totally front to back. Yeah. I can't wait to start Yellowstone. I see why he gets the green light for all that shit. Got it. And he beefing. Oh he is. He Beefing. Until next time, Joe Biden, you've, you've never heard of Joe Bud.


J-B-P-J-B-P. Why would you be without the JBP? I'm alive bitch. Yes.