
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. We shouldn't start there Though. No, we shouldn't. No, we, Nah, we shouldn't start with that at all. We Yo yo, yo. Are we on? We on? Yeah, We on. Okay, good. We a lot of shit going on behind the scenes. There's a lot of tension.


See that? You guys made it so sticky. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. What's up everybody? You know Joe isn't here today again. Is this man taking vacation? What is he doing? You guys can draw your own conclusion. Yeah. You Need a vacation because You'll anyways. Yeah. Conspiracy thing. Here's the thing. I had a song I wanted to play for that nigga on the walkin. I walked in, I walked in and said, yo Joe. Yesterday, 33 minutes Joe was supposed to be back in town. And I said, yo, I was looking at his Instagram and I saw him swimming with white people. Everson come in and say the white person was fucked.


I was the white person. So I a nigga swimming white people and shit in the, in the water. I was hating on that. I said, nigga, nigga, get your ass home, man. Nah, I seen a video with them pulling up to the yacht and I just see Parks up there mad tall. I said, damn, you niggas is living it up out there. Yeah, we had time. We had time. I seen you swimming in the water. Yeah. Hell yeah. That bad neither. I can swim a little, so No, I see you was treading. Yeah, I was high. I was jealous. Yeah, it Was nice. I some bullshit. Costa Rica. Shout to Costa Rica. P DaVita. How Was it? Parks? It Was amazing. You know what part y'all was in? I don't know the good part. North Pacific side. Mm, The rich side. This guy. I mean Maybe there's, There's a lot of rich sides.


Oh yeah, yeah. You, you don't, yeah, right. You wanna be modest right now. I mean you on fucking yachts and Jet. I don't think there was a rich side, but it was This shit that we were staying in was some rich shit for sure. Got you. But I don't know if the like town area was rich Outside of where you guys Were. Yeah. Gotcha. Gotcha. I heard you had a great Time. It was a blast. I heard you had, it was a blast. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful time. Everyone was fucking, we had a nice little squad. Wait, He just said everybody was fucking No, No. Okay. Sorry. Well, I'm, everyone was probably fucking too. Wait, everybody came with a couple or For the most part. Okay. Most part. Can you tell us who went on the trip? Keno, his girl E Toy. Her cousin and her man. Me Rem. Joe Shaday Corey.


I think that might be Cory Del Corey was Moonlight. Na, Nat and Rachel went. Oh, Nat, Rachel, my bad. Na and Rachel. Oh, snap. That's, yeah. Damn. Was a bunch of y'all. Yeah, we was deep. Okay. It Was deep. Okay. It was a fun experience. Do We, do we wanna wait till Joe get back so until, you know. Yeah. You know he's gonna have some, he's gonna have, so lets, he's gonna, he's gonna embellish. I sent you a playlist when I walked in here, Mel, her outfit, you know her swagger today. It made me feel like, you know, like this today. Please park to you. Take us there. Oh yeah. See where you go. We Come on man.


Yo Fucking, I dunno. Survive, Yo, You song. Stop. Serious. Gotta move on. Gotta move on. That's Hilarious. This nigga stupid. I you what you're talking about. Y'all fucked up. Oh, we got some info.


Hey, hey, hey. I got my male playlist today. Hey listen. And it's from the early eighties. Shake that shit off. Late seventies. Go outside and get right. Stay out the, stay out the 40-year-old lane. You know what I'm saying? Just get some shit, You know what I mean? Out the 40-year-old. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because these niggas, nigga, know what I'm saying? They can't for the work, shit. Whoa. What the fuck? Troubleshooting. I feel good today man. Listen, I love people in 2025. Yes. That's why this is my message to you from me and park box myself.


We want to tell you to just go and live. It's where I put Parks in the conzie down. When you, when you add a white man or so, everything is good. Just live. We want you to live. Man. Freak out. You make, you make crazy 50. Look like 20 girl. I'm not 50, 45. Okay, I'll take that. Tony Pounds. Let's go. The guy is a idiot. Yo. What's wrong phone? Alright. You know I do. Sky is a fool, yo. Fuck yes. Oh Shit.


Oh My God. Hey Marilyn. All her lonely ass homegirls. All of y'all Melyssa all y'all come together. We going out that well that male is, is married, right? You have a friend, not her. Yeah. Come on. This ladies Now. Y I wish she could have a ladies night. She just designated driver. Put your best dress over. Put your little shoes on all the way up to your knees like this. Y'all gotta walk a unison too. Walk like this.


Side, side, side to side, side, side. Side to side. Yo, you an idiot. That's funny. Yo. Nigga, don't let be clean. That nigga love her. The next one, she got dibs. She got dibs in the latch. Dibs on all the, you do that. Yo claim dibs on all the niggas. I don. It feels good. I just had to play this for Mel. I know. On the new year. Oh, good Enough. Can you see Mel?


Like six of them just walking lonely. Women just walking through the cloud. They in the section by the, they in the, in the corner about the bathroom. This shit edge. It's Okay. Somewhere during the, the course of the show. I'll get you the fuck back. I got you. You, you just said the fucking lonely table in the No, that's the whack table. Shit. That is the whack table. Oh Shit. And that's where I, we No, I'm just saying. I was just telling You. Right. Stop threatening me. Yo. I don't like that. Okay. Why? Why a bunch of women can't be at the wack table sometimes when we are by yourself.


You, you and there's a lot of people in there. Younger folks. You may end up at the whack section. Sometimes the younger people are the whack motherfuckers. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. Those motherfuckers are on their phones table. Don't make chick the one that's fucking dancing. That's true. The table don't make you make the table. But at that corner by the, you know, I'm talking corner, we nobody puts baby in the corner and it, It is be six of y'all too. So niggas gotta say, excuse me, to go to the bathroom. Say it in the way. That's not true. Got you. Got it all planned out in your fucking head. That's not true Ish. You know what I'm talking about. Excuse me. Can I go to the bathroom please? Y'all blocking this? This y'all blocking the section. I should the bus boy bring This shit.


Not you. I don, But yeah. Yeah, man. A what episode is this? 2 88. Welcome to episode 2 88 of the Joe Biden podcast. Not 88 2 88 2 87 88. I'm the tequila. Welcome to episode 7 88 of the Joe Button podcast. I am one of the hosts, QueenzFlip, along with beautiful man New Year. Came back, new year, same woman, but came Back 10 pounds later. Mm. Not on purpose. Mm, not on purpose. What The hell does that mean? We'll get into it. Dressing like a Halloween. A Halloween model girl with the holes in the dress.


Walking out here looking like Patra nigga for my bumper. Baby applause for the best. My friend. Four rotten floors, man. As guys a fool. Until her left. You know. You know who he is. Man, man of the ball man. I'm still on vacation mode bro. He's still on vacation mode. You know, south park mode, You know what I mean? South Park mode. Look good. Parks. Thank you. Thank you. We in the cri and the sound. The audio here sounds amazing. Thank you. As it does. Thank you. It does. I don, I I know why though. 'cause you know I, I do feel pretty good. Yeah. What you do?


I do nigga. I know about nigga. I have my own studio nigga. I know about pros and shit. I know about the sounds of acoustics. And when you're in a wider space or the bigger space, you hear white, it's called white noise Parks. Yeah, It is like reverb basically. Yeah, reverb. Yeah. Yeah. Here It is. More secluded or more confined. Right, right. Yeah. Thank you Parks. Yeah. Right front my man Parks. Thank you. Hey ass nigga. This I did across from him. Yo. You ain't get the all black memo? Yeah, no. Oh there we are. I did not. Damn little mama show. Little mama stand fly. Couldn. The pussy was good. She Ain. She was all up in the bed.


My man said yo, I ain't, let me just say this. Every time I see you, I look at you man. I get this thing in my heart that just, You're just beaming with pride. Yeah. Just beaming with not propose with the pride but Yes. Yeah. Like just, I'm just happy to be your friend bro. And Live vicariously through him. I lived Through you don't live through me. You came to, but you my man though. You came to a space and shook shit up nigga. You don't know what, what I mean by that. I don't. Round of applause. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Let's go. You know what I mean? Right. Biggie? No. Yeah, yeah. Biggie. Oh come Fuck up. Don't clap and call a nigga. Don't. Yeah don't blush 'cause she call you Big E because I think she's just being nice 'cause Oh Shit.


And We on my left. You right. His Left son? Yeah. Okay. Oh, Mr. Wawa nigga Mr. I about the lot but I don't, I still got the bread in my bacon. Oh Shit. I shoulda have knew he was lying because he was just too comfortable talking about it. Like he don't got CS nigga. Like he don't gotta pay Cs nigga. That nigga was just You. Right. I shoulda knew it like, oh this niggas, wow. He know niggas listen. He was just like, yeah I got a million. I shoulda knew. Yo, you are idiot. Yo. You, you know how dumb I felt figuring out that them niggas was, yo, you are a fucking idiot. But yo, that's a good one though. The nigga finally cleaned his car from all the piss bottles.


Shit, yo. And he parked by hydrants and don't get tickets nigga. I don't know how he pull it off sticker or something. Fire firefighter. Stick round of applause for my man. Bought to you by, sponsored by Fuel, by Pride. Now I'm gonna say that now because It is great. We know they renew my contract. I renewed. You're back. I'm back. I wanted to go get, I wanted to go get it so bad. But you've been talking that shit the whole week too. And I stayed quiet. You did? I stayed quiet then You stayed quiet on Twitter. Yeah. First you caught, you caught me this week.


Stop. Don't do nothing. I did and I came through for my sister. I adore you. Yeah, you really Did. I came through and stuff. You look amazing. Thank you. How are you man? I heard you almost died in Costa Rica somewhere. No. And like Afghanistan, you, you did New Year's in Afghanistan. Yeah. It is an interesting choice. Well, you know me, Mexico, so. Yes. How was you tripping? Manko. Tell her she know We on some bullshit. What part Of Mexico did you Go to? Yeah, I was in Cancun. Oh yeah. You just, you doing shit. Wait, like niggas did back in the you to, you went to Cancun. You was on spring break. Yo. Why your face look like that mother nigga? There's nothing wrong with Cancun. No, because you ain't let your face tell it. Everything is wrong with Cancun because she ain't put you on, right?


No, no. Yeah. She ain't telling you. I don't, I don't, I don't fuck with Cancun. Why? Oh, for real. But ain't nothing wrong with Cancun. I don't fuck with going Mexico period. Honestly. Why not? 'cause you Puerto Rican, you saying maybe I got some, some, some Hispanic beefs. I don't feel comfortable. Me neither. Never. I never felt Mexico is. But it's beautiful though. I don't give a fuck. How, how you able to enjoy yourself with the things That going over there? What part, why? Why don't you feel comfortable? Like safety wise? Yeah. Yeah. Oh real. Oh, okay. Me too ever. Yeah. I don't even fuck what part go to never some shit didn't remember, remember, but hold on. Didn't they, didn't a guy get killed out there but he went out there to do a, a drug a bunch got killed. A bunch of people get clip. Americans. Americans, Tourists, tourists. They, they kidnapped a Marine.


Yeah. In Mexico. A couple, this was a long time ago, like maybe like eight, nine years ago. They kidnapped a marine dude took him to his ATM every day until he maxed out. You know, damn, you could take a certain amount every day. Took him to his shit every single day to lean out. No more bread. And it's not just a, It is not, It is not just the like the cartel or the like the day to day. It is the police. Everybody. I don't Fuck with it. It's, It is about he. Right. Okay. Okay. I Don't fuck with that but, Well there was some shit. Some shit did happen. Apparently some tourists got killed because then the federally started fucking tour. Oh Shit. Like, you know, fucking manning the beaches and stuff like that. But I was kind of like in the interior, I wasn't like in the hotel zone or anything like that. Okay. So I rented like an Airbnb. That's, That's worse, huh?


No, it was like in a gated community. Super. Like two gates. And that means now you locked in? No, I was, I was good. Okay. Why I almost died is because I got fucking food poisoning. Ah, What did, what did you, what did you eat? You over there kissing Juan and them? Yeah. Drinking the water. Not over. Lemme put my mouth on your wall. Mar not kissing Juan. Hello Pedro. I was also, and I was at a five star fucking restaurant. So everything, we shared everything. Me and everybody at the table. How Many people were with you? I Was with two of my girlfriends and then I was with a guy. Did they get at the dinner? Wait, hold on. Stop. Everybody else got wait. Everybody stop. Oh, A friend, just a friend.


Friend that live out there or four of you went out there together? He went out on his own. Okay. So it was three, It is three of you went together and then a nigga flew in. Yeah. Let's fly this nigga in the cup. No, Completely separate pl us all boy toy. No, that's why you got sick. You freak contamination between girls. No. Who paid for the mill? It was Dutch. I don't know what that mean. Dutch. Exactly. I don't really know what it, it had to be explained to me. He's Dutch. He's Dutch? No. Oh No. The meal was Dutch. Wait, that girl split the nigga you said you didn know what Dutch was. I'm kidding. It had to Be explained To you. I'm kidding.


You're Doing worse. Doing worse than I thought. Man. Go tell me what happened. Boy, I picked you up a little bit too much. Your boy told, tell me what happened though. He's Not my fucking boy Toy. Okay, tell us what happened. So anyways, we were, we had shared plates and stuff like that. Then everybody had their own entrees. The only thing that I ate and drank that nobody else had was I had two leechy martinis and I had some fish. Oh, the fish did it. I, I swear to God it has to like the, I took a bite and I was like, mm, push the plate. See stomach said You only, you gotta stick off for one bite. It, it, it took a sec. It shit, I, I don't know. I don't know. It took a second because it didn't happen right away. It happened the next day.


But, But no, but I was about to say the two or three days leading up to it, where you do, I remember I went to Dr. Right and luckily like three o'clock in the morning, the last day my shit started. I'm Like, yo fam that shit. But I was drinking, you know how I'm drink. So I was drinking the virgin strawberry daiquiris. And So the ice was not made filtered. Water. Ice, Ice. Yeah. They said the ice is what'll fuck You up. So that's also why I was, I didn't know if it was the leche martini, but my girlfriend had a frozen virgin p pina colada. But The day before might've been, you know what I'm saying? I'm saying. So the, but It was, it was at the same table. So anyways, that's why I think it was the fish.


So the very next day I am fucking dying. Like literally chills body aches. Oh Shit. Feel like, Oh Shit, I got hit by a truck. Oh Shit. Vomiting. It's, it was, I lost like 10 fucking pounds. It was really fucking bad. I did not know. Homeboy Wasn't cutting l with you. He was not there. Settle with Me on get off me nigga. You sit freak. Don't touch me. Nigga wasn't rubbing on your shoulder? No. No. Why you make Your face, why You make your, that's not that kind of situation at all, Nigga. Why? I'm tired of you dissing your friends and, and making face that niggas. But you settle for niggas that play games. Man, stop doing that nigga. Put a pin in that motherfucker. I'm sorry. Put a fucking pin in that. Could you are this Is the, this is not my normal experience in Mexico. I go to Mexico a lot.


I have never So It was, it was some, it was some bum shit. It's not my normal, it was not my normal experience. Serious. It is some bu shit. Yeah. Still abbu. Yeah. This was, this was very cobbled together. Fucking trip. This is not my normal experience. 'cause my normal experience is Richy. Yes, it yes it fuck It is. But that's why you Just go. So how long you knew these people that you went out with? Oh, I've known my girlfriends forever. Okay. But it was just like we came to the conclusion of like wanting to be out like Last second shit. Last Got it. Last second. And then for New Year's Eve flights were a million fucking dollars. Hotels were packed And it's canon. Got it. You Got it. Yeah. Yeah. So we just like put it together. I almost fucking died as a result. So how about do you feel good about losing the 10 pounds? Because you know I sure The fuck do. That's why these boots are going, Is made from walking.


Girl. Go ahead. Look at Usually, usually I wouldn't be able to get these up my thigh, But look at that shit. What a sick fuck she is. She got sick. Almost died. But feels good in the end. 'cause you lost the weight. S not case. You should be ashamed of yourself. Sissy Sicily of whatever your name is. You should be ashamed Yourself. I'm not. I'm not. You look amazing though, Melyssa. Thank you. Yes, you're welcome. Cheek Bones and shit. How, How, how was your new year? It Was cool. It was cool. Went to Atlanta. Went to do an event. What, What type of event? Oh, it was like a private little corporate joint. Oh, okay. Did you shoot your video out there? I I did shoot some, some visuals came out really good and I can't wait to release it. Mm. You said you did a corporate joint? What you mean?


I did an event. Somebody wanted me to come out there to sing at their event. Oh, you Got some spanking paid. You got paid? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nice. What the fuck you did Rob? Get paid on a fucking holiday? Yeah. What's Up? You did a New Year's booking? I'm out Here. I do a New Year's fucking booking. I'm Outside. Well, you are alone. I Would've loved to have been in Costa Rica but it was either go Costa Rica or Did this. Why you and Mel didn't go together as friends? I'm not, I'm not going anywhere with you guys. One-on-one a trip. I would be going together. No. To Costa Rica. That's what I'm saying. You, you and Mel coulda went as friends together. They had another bedroom in the back that y'all Could. Yes. He just said he was getting a paid gig. Yeah. Why? And I had Mexico plans. You Might have paid higher.


You got, you got. I see what you wanna do. I see what you wanna do. See this is what we gonna do. 2025. We gonna do this. What you ready? You ready to stop? You ready to explode? Stop. Oh, I thought you nuts hang for Once. No, no, no. We going, We gonna stop dragging nuts Nigga. You know how many feel Like There's some exposing that could go on if we Keep This shit up. All champ. See? Whoa. Oh yeah. Yeah. They getting up on You. Right. Wait, wait, wait. Real quick. Lemme just get understand this. So if I shoot y'all saying that y'all gonna shoot back with disregard to my personal situation? Yes. Yeah. Gang up? Yes. I'm asking you to, are you gonna shoot back at me? I will just stand behind him with Pompoms Would be the other way around.


No. Oh Shit. Gimme a e Ish. What did you do for New Year's Eve? Slu? I ain't see the ball drop none of that shit. Damn bitch Surpris. I surpris, I was Trying to, I'm surprised I was up and I felt my baby fell asleep early. I felt I looked over, my girl was snoring. I was like yo, I ain't mad at That. Or dog. I didn't see the ball. I was watching Rita. Aura was in Manhattan. Blake Shelton was in Vegas. I'm watching all the bullshit on tv. TV started watching me. I was gone. Damn dog. I probably woke up like three in the morning, four in the morning I was done. None of This shit hit no more. It doesn't, it don't, none. It is over.


Nigga's been off the porch since they was kids. Yeah. It's so, so either you going somewhere experiencing New Year's Eve somewhere else. Yeah, like I wanna do like Shanghai or Singapore or some fly shit. Okay. If not nigga, what the fuck? I'm going to sleep. Yeah. Yeah. It ain't nothing here. Do you know what the, do you know all the protocols you have to go through in order to see the ball drop? Like it's a lot of shit because I attempted to go, but it's a lot of shit to New York. You wanted to go to sit in that Times Square shit. Yeah. Yeah. But you are crazy. Open up the, you Were crazy that I, I wanted to film. But what I'm saying is that there's a lot of, you have to go through a a counterterrorist thing. You have to go through a lot of security. It's a lot to get to stand there.


Yeah. They had It's a lot Parks. Big ass. And then you had to stand there for I thought you could eight hours park for some reason. I thought you could just walk there like, like the big ass tree. You could just walk. No, hell No dog. I heard they, I heard that once you get in you can't get out. They said niggas was wearing like diapers. 'cause you can't pee. It's a bar. It's a barricaded thing at first when they open up that barricade and they let you in after that you're, you done. I heard you. So Everyone wasn't there to smell like mad piss For sure because that's what I'm like, yo, they gotta have some sort of porta-potties and shit and they was like, no. Do you see how crowd It is? I don know how true that is. But that's what I heard. Yeah. How do you even walk to a porta Party? Yeah. Like that's real. This shit is too crowd and lose your family. You know what I'm saying? Like niggas be coming from other countries. Yeah. They come to New York City for New Year's Eve.


That's right to piss on itself. That's crazy. Even, even the area that you perform in is It is very secluded. Right. Because the Jonas brothers, they performing, I know some of the hits and them niggas wasn't making no noise. I'm like, I don't know. The Jonas Brothers one of the great white hopes of No, we don't know the Jonas brother. Whoa. Just you. Just you And Me. I don't know the Jonas brothers. I Was about say and me. I don, I don't know. I don't know. They records like that. I don't know Them. You Yo dog. You I Don't. Wait, wait, wait, wait. If that's your next tattoo, if you get Joe Jones, what them niggas name is Jojo coming down Your arm? I'm Gonna you up Nick. I know. What's it Nick Jonas. Come on. Nick. Jonas had that one hit. He had a one Drink. What was It called? I still get Jonas. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


I remember that. That fits you. That was cute. Oh Shit. Oh Shit. That that s right, right. Cory said that's what I sung on New Year's Eve. Oh Shit. Fuck up. Cory can Coon. That's Why you like stop, stop. I'm telling You. All right. Okay. Stop. No, I, I'm, I'm, because the people are mad at me and say that Flip is always trying to take their lid off something and I'm not. I just want my friends to be ah, you are. I just want my friends to because Parks, there's no lid. Wait, listen. Parks real quick. Me and you see the same thing, But yeah, your secret hold the way you hold secrets. I could see why you, you, I just looked the other way indoctrinated with the black people. I can see why we accept you.


Like you, you, you don't snitch. No but me King snitch. That's Why you got the whites on your chest. Exactly. I see some shit. And I, because they see tracks. You good though. I'm just saying. The people feel like yo flip. You always trying to expose something. I'm not. I'm just trying to have fun with my friends. That's right. It's all fun. Sounds good. Just fun. What'd you do once they shot you down at Times Square? What'd You do? Okay. I, I went, I was in the house with my family and I, I tried, I tried to make it a You Went outside somewhere? No, I did not go outside this year. I didn't go outside. You know, last year I went outside and stuff. The past couple of years I went outside. I mean one, even one year I was with family and friends and I remember my wife got on me because when it was the Happy New Year and she said I didn't hug her or dress her first.


I went and hugged everybody and shit like that. And I hugged her. You supposed to kiss her. You supposed to kiss her girl. Yeah, but she was on the other side. I think we was low key beefing and stuff like that. And that's crazy. Like Yeah, I'm just saying. So, so I, I I made, I made it my point to be home and be there and correct my wrong because that wasn't intentional. That's good. Right. That's good bro. It's like everybody's around. I you don't give a fuck though. No reality, but no, no, I gotta say that. Right, because it's like that wasn't intentional man. Motherfuckers around you on the other side. If we are beefing or we not talking, make your way over here. I'm gonna make my way. I'm not even thinking when everybody jump up, happy New Year. You gonna hug the first person that's in front of you? Nah. So I gotta knock. Oh wait, hold on. Wait. My wife is in there.


We celebrate. Happy New Year here. I gotta get up when they Start counting down before the ball Drop out, your wife is supposed to come together. So I'm not gonna acknowledge y'all. 10, nine walk to her. Nah. So what if I'm sitting here by one, I just walk past y'all niggas and go Yeah, that's your wife. He's saying you shouldn't be sitting here at one nigga. You should be in the other room at one where your wife at. All right. But what facts? Yeah, if there's any moment to put the bullshit aside, you gotta put it aside that way. That would be 'cause you can't enter the new year, New year like that With the last year's bullshit. Yeah. Mm. It's a, It's, it's, but if you beef at 1123, get December 31st. The beef is over at 1159. Never. Nigga, The, the most successful couples say that they don't take their anger to bed.


They Believe in all that bullshit. But I don't, you got, because we gotta live in reality. The nigga took her to bed though. Exactly. Oh. Took my wife the bad nigga. Oh Shit. Oh Shit. You went Crazy. Talk about what Melyssa said. You asked asshole. But what I'm saying is that, so, so I, I make it, you know, I go not out my way 'cause it's not out my way, but I wanted to be there with the family and celebrate New Year. 'cause that was something that was, that's something that meant something to her. She was offended by that for a long time. That shit was like four, four years, four, five years ago. No, but she was offended by that. Like, so a lot of, you know, in the last four years I'll be outside for New Year. My homie was, was at, came to the event and he left his wife at home and was like, she was tight. Yeah. Dumb man. That's crazy. Go home my nigga.


You're not missing nothing. We gotta stop this. That's the best time to get away, nigga. Like come on Atlanta on New Year's and you married and he, he wasn't there. She don't got a right to be tight. No, she be tight. No, she had the right to be tight. That's why I said go. No Disrespect to your homeboy. No, no, no. I Job snitching on Roscoe. But I'm saying go home bro. Go. The best time to get away is New year. Why is it the best time? And, and when Barack Obama won the presidency, those are the two best times. Ah, we got a black president. You get your shit off there. Do a 90 on the belt. Hey y'all, I'm gonna celebrate with the black people.


You gotta pick your poisons. New Year's ain't the poison you picked. Yeah, don't Go that poison. And I, I I learned the hard way New Year's, Christmas. But what's even Thanksgiving? You can't even go to Thanksgiving. Yeah. Holiday. His family, that's family days. You got two. What's The point of having a family if you're not gonna spend the holidays with him? You Said words shorty gotta get Friday Ish Thanksgiving. You are allowed to go see your other family members and eat food at their home. You supposed to bring your family with you Though. Your family goes with you. Well what if they don't want to go to their your family's house? Then what do you do? Then you get a pass the cheat. I'm saying you Whoa, you just saying No, I'm saying, I'm just saying a lot of niggas, certain holidays, you're able to go outside and do what you wanna do.


And that's just how I feel about it. New Year's is not one. Christmas is not one. Thanksgiving should be one that you go outside and, and, and, and get your shit off. If you, Well now you have this thing where you do Friendsgiving. So now that's out of, typically if you want to do your shit where you link with your friends and all that, you can do it on a certain day which designated, which is usually Thanksgiving, which is not usually Thanksgiving. S Right. Thanksgiving is 100% another family day that you have for your family for stay in the house. Gotta do it. Stay in the house, bro. Yeah, no, I, I I did and I am staying in the house. I'm getting older. Continue do it. Look at you. That's Good. Thank you. Growth Money. The only cheat day that you can really get is February 15th. What? That's the day after from Valentine.


That's side chick day. That's a side chick day. Is it? Yeah. Tell me more. I told you everything you need to know. Yeah. Valentine. That's Valentine day is for the Maine 15th is for the side chick. Yeah. Damn you, you seem, you seem to know the holiday very well. I, I don't, I know this. I just, I don't know why I know this. That's always been a thing. Well, Yeah, it's always been a thing. Shut the fuck Up. I can tell you why. You know, you posted the say What the fuck you wanna say you posted the Fuck. Oh by the way. Yeah. Let's talk about that. Let's talk about that. Oh Shit. Oh Shit. Let's go. Because you guys got duped. That's right. Get him. Man. What Happened? You guys got duped. How so? I know, I know what you guys thought. You guys are talking about him.


Okay. Pd. Yeah. There was all this, you know, videos and pictures of him with another woman and blah blah, blah, this, that, the other, you guys need to do a little bit more digging. Okay? Can you ex explain more? First of all, Facebook got hacked. Holy shit. Shit. Emanny and, and and, and It is just walked out the room. Them niggas, them niggas walked out the room Continue. And there's more, there's more, there's more. There's one video. Do you have your Phone pull out and There's one, one video in particular that you guys swore was the thing.


Was the okay, was the proof? Yes. If you did any more digging you would find that this is a, can you show me? Yeah. This is a Thought I sound on. Lemme not say that. She is a very enthusiastic fan who loves the franchise and she has pictures with everybody from the cast pictures and videos. How did you get that information? I even had her in the shot As if we kept getting, because it kept getting fucking sent to me and I was just like, can you just clarify This shit for me please? Oh, so he didn't give you the information. It was other people that was sending It to you. Because I knew, I knew something was just rotten in fucking Denmark because I never heard that.


Wait, why are you talking about Denmark like that? Not only Denmark. So Facebook. Facebook. Yo mom, That's his CoStar. Yo My shit got hacked. That's his CoStar. But then they repurposed what Wasn't even Me though. We rep, he repurposed all the fucking, or whatever the, what do you call these? It wasn't me captions and shit like that. Picture this. So this is the girl naked. Oh, okay. Look at It is looking Substantial. It is. Well you said it but wait, wait. So why did you, okay, wait, wait. So why did you cosign us and say that you were already aware of some shit going on with him?


That's what you said. Wow. I was already aware of this. So I, It is not bothering me. You guys are late to the party. I already knew his situation. This is what you said, The Facebook hack. Wow. Wow, wow. Man, you are a fucking liar. You let this nigga Hit you. You let that nigga hit tell you that bullshit? No. Nah nigga. No, because you co-signed it. Oh, That shit, I never even seen that one. Oh yeah. I never even seen that. I didn't see That one. Okay, So you and him back together? Hmm? Oh, y'all back. I'm just clarifying. Oh, y'all back together? I'm just clarifying. Are y'all messing with each other again? I'm just clarifying. I ain't See that one though. No, somebody, they showed us Something else last week that that nigga Got it back. He Got it.


I mean, no, what I'm going to say is I'm no longer, lemme Talk to you real quick, real real quick before that. We really love you. I know. Just Please listen. I know. I think just, Please listen. We really love you and we care about your wellbeing. Hold on Corey. Don't do that. We love you and we press a piece of shit. Excuse me. I wanna talk to you. We love you and we care about your wellbeing. Right? I took my tea back from Mel. She don't even deserve my tea. My old tea. We, we, we want you to be happy. We want you to to look forward because the future for you is bright. You are working extremely hard. You have no time to allow people to come into your space and cause a bunch of confusion. Especially, let me finish being a public figure, being who you are. I'm not saying that's the intent, but what I'm saying is that these things are happening and you being Melyssa Ford, we are going to look into it a little bit more.


'cause you are family, okay? I want you to leave these niggas alone. Who is these niggas? I want Who, who is these Niggas? Chicken boy. Him. Oh my God. You Know what? Leave them alone. You go To church, you wanna Become a nun, nigga do something different. I care. I hate all them niggas. And if fact they was here, I disrespect them. So Are you basically saying I should stop dating black men? Is that what you're saying? Huh? Whoa. Wait, he said, He said leave these niggas alone. So tell me what the alternative Is. Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Hold on. I wonder. Is that what you mean? No, ma'am. Okay. No Ma'am. Okay, so you want me to find a church boy is what you're saying? Like, church boys can't be super fucked up. I told Dick, go ahead.


Gimme me a church Boy. Haircut. Cut. Get the fuck outta here. I don know. I want you to leave men alone. Period. Try women. What? Damn this nigga. Try it. I am sorry. The only vagina I like is mine. Try like, yo, you yo, what's up with you today? I love her because if yo them young, what did we, what can we call Em? Weren't you weren't, weren't you pushing young niggas on me like last year? Oh, I was. Yes. They kept hitting me up about you. Okay. You keep pushing the young, I'm pushing The young ones. The niggas with chicken, the fucking old niggas, the Fucking shit up. It's all of them. True. If, if I'm to listen to you, that's why.


That, that's why, what, what do we, I don't wanna, y'all Gotta trust that I didn't get to this age without, and being this well preserved without understanding what the fuck is going on in these fucking streets and understanding who I'm involved with and then being able to handle that and doing so in a very dignified and usually a very private manner. So sometimes, sometimes I will let my private life be the fodder for this particular podcast because it can be made into jokes. But every once in a while you Gotta correct. Try a start. I gotta, I got a course correct with for you, right? There's a stud out there that will take you up and through here. A stud. A stud will have you walking in Jersey barefoot.


Listen, I'm coming downstairs right now. The stu try a stud. Just try something different, man. You know I'm rash. I'm very, very straight, extraordinarily straight. Like I, I don't, I Feel like there's a butt coming, but it's a, But yeah, she saw something's the bus, everybody stop. Come on. And they be having bread. Like that's the new bag. Oh no, that's the new stu got money. That's the new thing. Really? What? Yes. This is not, they tricking more than the niggas. This is not me. And I just didn't have never heard that before. Okay. So every once in a while, some I will see somebody. Or Instagram. Right? No, Just in general.


Who kind of makes, you know, when the TV gets fuzzy, signals kind of get crossed. It's like, no Melyssa, you're straight. That's not an option. They be having a jean jacket on with the fitted motherfuckers. Keep the good. Tim, I saw Big Tim. I real, I'm gonna keep it real. I saw a good looking stu on Instagram another day. I double took like, oh wait, hold on. I always thought like if I, They had hair. I always thought If I was, they had the white beat. Oh Shit. I always thought if I was, if I, I felt tingle. Wait, you got tingly over stud. You can't get tingly off Stu. No slick. Fuck. That's crazy.


Yo listen girl, it listen. It is. Yeah. I, yo Paul, I can't be like it. The picture got a lot of views. Like tape your tits down kind of. Well, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, that's the one that'll get you. Yeah. That, that one. No, but that spun around. It was a stu Instagram. Again, man, I'm sorry, I, I always wonder, so if I was bisexual, I liked women, would I be like a lipstick fem? You know, where I like, like the really pretty girl, like one that looked Like me. Nah. Or if I had to have like the Super like Rashida. Nah, you should. Yeah. You fucking rash stu you out Rashida choked. I did, I did like a lipstick party one time when I was doing like personal events and shit like that. So it was all, you know, and there was this one stud in there that looked like my now ex-fiancee.


And I was just like, I just kept staring at her and I was like, I have to get the fuck outta here because I'm wildly confused right now. But she just, anyways. Did she, did she acknowledge you Tell us about like, did you acknow No, I ran away like a little bunny rabbit because it was, I was very, She could have called Mel. She could, She could I listen, I called. Did not You all Like Karen, I didn Confused. You want orange? The last time that I found a woman extraordinarily like, I don't know what words to use, like attractive but sexy and all kinds of weird, Sexually attractive. I, I don't, I don't think I'm, that's what it was with that, that's what it was.


I don it's cool. It was, it was the last season of True Detective Night watch with Jodi Foster. Not Jodi Foster though. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It was her co-star. I think her name is Callie. And she's like Native American. Oh, I remember. Yes, yes. And She got the pierced cheek and she's also, I feel like she's like an MMA fighter or something like that. You put you Cape Verdean. Cape Verde. You got Cali and your mental Rolodex. Cali could get it. Look, look, look. She's Callie. So look, I don't know, just paint me up Again. The sig just the Signals that crossed we got. Yeah Man. I Was like, I you're straight Melyssa. You're fucking straight. So, but if I wasn't that would, would I think that would be my truth. Let's Not say you weren't straight.


Let's say that on a night. Say It's never happened there. I've never forgotten my sexual orientation. Lemme finish. I've never been on drugs. Let for fucking alcohol told Us you ran out the room for mean. Yeah. Wait, what? You ran out the room? Yeah, I ran out the Location. Yes. It's night. So you forgot your sexual orientation did, if they forced to get Out the room, did forget. No, that's me remembering. Listen, Say it's a late night and she has you trapped, not trapped as far as you can go anywhere, but you're caught in a conversation and the conversation is going well Back on the wall. And Your back is on the wall. Good Merlo in the system. You're like, wow. The good merlo, I think she can take it down in the bathroom.


Little $200 bottle of Merlo. No. And Not take it down. S like kiss you. I think you can get, you can get a kiss Out. No, because I've literally been in get A kiss from what you flipped. No, A kiss has gotten no Thank You Ish. Never a kiss has gotten, I've never kissed a girl. So Katie Berry, I'm telling you, the kiss has gotten the right merlo listen. And the right chick in the right setting and the right lighting. Listen, listen. Little pergola ass grab listen. You forget. You forget. You forget that I was in videos with some of the most beautiful women in the fucking world. Stunning. And, and when we're on location, like in Trinidad and shit like that, they got us all holed up in like hotel rooms together. And when I was on the set of Big Pimping, I was staying in a room with this girl named Simi.


And she was Japanese, Filipino and Jamaican. And she was walking stunning, just sexy. Another kind of what's happening kind of moment remembered. I'm very straight. But if anybody could have got, she could have gotten Meech and trust me, She tried. Nah, you know what? The more you talking. Wait, wait. She, the more not the more she talking. You can, you can get flipped. You can Get got No, I Can't wait, wait, wait. Stop. Because she, because she, you can get got No, Because she tried in Vegas and it and Nope. How did she try? What do you like? Did She Well we were out and Circumstances wasn't right. You can get got. No, I can't. I ain't never seen a man that made me feel nothing where I had to walk out the room. Well you guys Have real issues. Fuck, you guys have real issues with hypermasculinity and shit like that.


Women we're we, Oh no, we are Just straight. Oh yeah, we're, But also we're permitted to fucking experiment way more than you guys are. Maybe I shouldn't speak for this generation 'cause Gen Z they are fluid as fucked. So I'm just talking about for us all, you know, over 45. I think if you met the woman who had that I have met so many. Hold on. No, if you ha if you met the woman with the right sex appeal plus the mind is matching, plus you're in a state where you may be a little inebriated. I think you can catch a little. Nope. Catch a little pancake. No word. Okay. How Have I gotten to this age? And it's never happened with me. What the, all the women who have crossed my path, hell, I was 40 with no kids. I was fucking my whole life. What Whatcha talking about that don't, that's that what that mean.


Kids are different than having, you know, like a little fucking rendezvous with, you know, I know somebody who the Normally wouldn't in the right Instance. Mm mm With Emi and shorty ain't even all That shout out to, to sashimi wherever you are. It is fucking stunning and beautiful. I love you. I well EE Yeah. What? Either, either way. You, you're good. You cleared up everything we, we now know. Thank you. The situation that happened. Yeah, I know we wildly diverged. We Did. Yeah. Anyways, We on Him is not That's her. That's not her. Okay. Show Mel. Please show Mel. Is it? That's her. Is This her Who?


Gimme that. Who do you think that is? T she Me? No, that's not her. That's not her Nigga. Anyway, We have so many topics. We, we have topics. So many topics. So many topics. Indeed. Not really. Not really, Really not. But you said that a Lot of tragic shit happened that we're trying to avoid fucking getting to. So you know I don But we don't wanna avoid it. But you know, we have to Avoid, we we're going to address it but we would like to keep the mood light for a moment before we have to deal With It is a Saturday morning. You don't want somebody to That was the first part of the year time. Yeah, All of that. Okay, take your time. I can hear all you guys in the room. Okay. Took that once. Let's slow down. Okay. Put Your headphones On. No, I'm just saying let's take our time and speak.


Alright guys, You know what's a DHD? Can't handle it. Yeah, too much. Talking at once. Elliot Wilson. Happy New Year Elliot. Nah, happy new Year. Elliot. Elliot. Go home. What? Yeah, Elliot, you my man. But Elliot you sound nuts. I be sounding nuts too, but I'll be sober when I sound nuts. They killing You right now for that Beyonc team. I don't give a fuck. Yeah. Yeah. So I was just watch, just watching him on, you know, podcast and him discussing how he feels about other people in entertainment, trying to flip over to becoming podcasters and being in media and it just sounded like, it just sounded like a drunk thought.


And I'm just starting to watch Elliot on a lot of different spots. It look like he's, I don't know if he go, is Elliot going through something? I'm not sure. I mean, we're all going through something. Yeah. But We all hand through what we go through differently. Is he going through something? Because it seemed like every pod he doing, he's either a little tipsy or he's just having these weird takes that, or he's expressing it in weird ways. Okay. Like angry like and what was The take that he had could be Personally going What about Cam? Well his take was he, he didn't like the fact that he thought Cam was trying to now be the new Stephen A. Smith or the fact that he's just in this space and he don't appreciate people in the music business trying to transfer over to being personalities or podcasters. He feel like they're taking his spot.


But it's like, Elliot, you've been doing this for how long? Like your spot is solidified. So, but what if he genuinely feels that way? Like why he has to be, has to be a Drunker. Well that would be a really interesting take to have considering that he comes up on this podcast quite a bit. 'cause Joe was a musical artist. Yeah, yeah. And then became the pod father after like, you know, and Then the podcast that you're doing, you, you're getting these podcasts, these thoughts and these opinions off on the very people that you think you're better than in the space. So it's like why not just do that in your own time and space? I mean, I didn Didn. Didn't he use like a couple of other examples besides just the one that he used?


Like I feel like he also used Summer Walker as an example. Yeah, But these are, these are people who are not, who are natural. Well Summer walker's an introvert. So for her to have the platform to go ahead and show her personality that benefits her, like that makes sense for her to create that platform to where people can get to know her on a different level instead of her having to now be interviewed. That makes sense. I think he's talking about other people like let's just say like Nori Joe or Cam Mace. Like why do you get to go from being artists and then come to this realm of entertainment. But why do you Gotta be pigeon, But lemme just, you Don't gotta be pigeonholed. Like people are multifaceted. People have multiple talents.


So if it's like saying Andre 3000 can't do the flute album. That right. That quote unquote instrumentalists should be Tight. Or that Would be like someone in sports being mad about Tom Brady getting a broadcaster or Whoever. Exactly. Like a journalist. I don See he said it was different though. He did say that with a athlete athletes transferring over, it's a little different. I don 'cause they speak the language. They played the game. So then they're the ones who, are they legit, they're legit to take up the role of speaking as a sports commentator. That Seems like the exact same. That seems like apples to apples to me. Here's the thing with me. I feel like when the rappers turn podcasts peek into Mics. Sir, I Am. You can't tell we can't, you're a little far, you're a little far that see those headphones right behind you?


I feel like, I feel like the rappers turn podcasters, they invest a lot of money into the podcast game. I'm sorry. Like they, they, they go above and beyond to give the audience something great to digest. Like we can't, like, look, look at all the shit that Cam has done. Cam has created his own sports show. He invested money to do so. You know what I'm saying? Like it's amazing. It's beautiful and he figured a way how to get it. Same thing with Joe. Look at what Joe has done. You know what I mean? All the work he has put in all the, like when you, when rappers come into this space and they speak, the audience are likely to listen to them more than a regular broadcaster.


Yeah. You come in with a fan base already, You don't have to on top necessarily have One And, and, and other artists, It is quicker to respond to a rapper turn podcaster than just a podcaster. I just, I just hate seeing someone like Elliot Phil threatened by people coming into the game now and feeling like they gonna take away some of his That's I was gonna say like he's, he first off Elliot is amazing what he legend at what? He's a legend at what he does. He should never feel like at any time anybody coming into this space, new or old or whatever, is gonna be able to take away interviews from him or remove him from the spot that he's already solidified. They could still, But they, but they, they could still thin out your value But they might take it away. But so what nigga like Elliot. Elliot is, is Elliot has his time.


He is alleged. People still respect Elliot and Elliot should just respect the game man. Like how long would you be at that spot for now? My thing? No, how long would you want to be at that spot for? A lot of times they complain. The same thing pertaining to DJs and a lot of other people. How long do you wanna hold that spot for On the spot? Some, some people only that's all they do and they don't have anything else to fall back on. I saying Elliot, but some people want that spot because that's their comfort zone. The thing with Cam and Mac or us or anybody else for that matter. Just because I'm known for X, that don't mean I'm not good at Y and Z. You get what I'm saying? Cam and Mace, just to use them as an example, or Joe or anybody. Cam and Mace have a sports show, right?


Fire Dog Cam and Mace play sports their whole fucking life. So what's the difference? Maybe they didn't play sports on an NBA level, you know what I'm saying? But that'll still mean that they can't be advocates of sports and be well engulfed in sports just because they didn't suit up and play on a professional level that don't make Tom Brady more Knowledgeable, Not knowledgeable, but validated in talking sports over Cam and Mace. You get what I'm saying? I don, I don just think that That's corn. I don even, I didn't understand why Elliot was even mad at them because Cam and Mace doing a sports show does, it takes nothing away from you. It's not threaten at All. You Don't do anything within sports. Your music. If anybody, you should be mad at Shannon. Shannon is a sports guy who's now interviewing everybody.


Whether it be music, comedy, everything. True. That's the person you should have an issue with. So I was confused at why you pick Cam and Mace. I think, I think niggas get old and then just don't know how to move out the way. No, I think they be devaluing People's. I'm sorry. No, no. They Be devaluing people based on what They think. I'm not trying to be disrespectful 'cause I love Elliot, but I'm just being honest. I think, I think at a certain point, the older you get, you either decide you want to keep playing the game as a player or you decide to be a coach or a owner. And if you haven't made that transition over the coach and owner yet and you still holding onto that jersey, you gotta understand at certain points niggas don't need you on the team like that. No more like you, like you start phasing out as a player.


So maybe this is the time where Elliot should start phasing himself out in the play around and become more of a coach or owner and not looking like you need to be the person doing the interview. How about go higher and go branch the young guy that you can now coach into being the new interviewer instead of you needing to be in front of the screen. Because you should never get to this point where you start hating on new niggas, especially niggas that you hone honestly have a respect for you. I know he respect Cam. Yeah. So that's why I was weird. Like why would you do that? I think he responded. Okay, Let's, let's give, yeah, there's a camera response. Give A shout to Brandon Marshall. Yep. Kevin Garnet, Matt Barnes, Dan labar. Nick won First Things first.


Especially Stephen A. Smith, Gillian Wallow and Gilbert Arenas. I named them three last because they gave me a murder, some game about this business before we got into the business. The rest of you bitch ass niggas, I'm telling you right now. We are here. We here. Y'all can make your motherfucking phone calls. You can think what I'm saying ain't true. I'm telling you. Damn Source. We new source. We the new source. Murder Snap. A killer are the new source. Y'all niggas scared and y'all moving Funny. We camera ready. First of all, murder. Make the slogan. We do it like we doing for tv. Yeah. All y'all analysts and niggas, that's pissed off. We going make you real mad now 'cause niggas gonna start hitting me with the information.


I'm gonna make sure I call my friends up and shout my fault. Shout out to Draymond Green too, because I called Draymond early. It is Summer League. We gonna be there every game. Yeah, Okay. He's right. Yeah, he's right. Yeah. Elliot, stop man Complaining about it isn't gonna help because their show is dope like It is here. We, and we love you. So we don't want you to start looking like, I think, I think Elliot's just playing into the villain role at this point. I really do. I hate calling everything just trolling. But I think that he's embracing the villain, super villain. I agree with. I can kind of see that. Yeah. I think that he, he wants that. I don't like it, but hey.


Okay We did it. Little Baby New album Drop. Anybody listen to that? I listen to about half of it, so I don't really have no deep dive. I only heard Two songs. It's not getting the, the greatest reception online, but They're absolutely killing it online. What I heard didn't sound bad, but I'm not the hugest lil baby fan either, so I might not be the best. The album is called Wham, Right? Wham. Wham. That's his nickname I think. What, what are The songs that you like from Parks? I mean The Future and Thug song sounded dope to me. Thug. It's our first real thug feature since you get out. So yeah, the 21 Savage Joint sounded dope. That's, that's, that's all I've kind of really heard so far outside of just casual listening.


I think this might be a, this might be an ice moment. This is definitely a ice. This is definitely an ice moment. Ice been waiting for this album too. Ice. We Wet man. Damn bro. What are you Ice? Shout out to Ice. Yeah Ice. Ice had on some ugly ass shoes on for New Year. So he probably Sisons What? Nah, he nigga has some. Nah you know some hard bottoms. The hard bottoms with no socks and all that. Oh no. I said look at that nigga man. Oh, cockroach killers. Yeah. Wait, What? I'll fuck with you ice. But yeah, nah, he stepped out with the cockroach killers on. That's how you know you living life different. That's why I thought he made that money. That's why I thought he Got it because he had some Scooby dudes on.


Yeah, that's the only time niggas wear Scooby dudes with no socks. It was 17 degrees. He Jamaican. Yo, those shit be slippery too. You have to careful with them shit. Them hard bottom joints man. This shit Corey be with Bumba cloth man. Should Be slippery Bu you can't like, you gotta be careful with them shit. You say had the Bumba rise five Ice your ice. We miss your ice. Oh man yo. Get the bumba rise fives outta here. Yo. We miss you bro. I gotta see it yo. Like I don't know what you up to ice but come here. You didn't win that bread. All right, enough. Wait, you found out? Yeah, I found out. Yeah, we all figured It out. Oh man. You knew. Yeah, I Knew he knew the whole time. You knew the whole Time you not making fucking scratch offs.


I brought. Yeah, like thinking that yo, yo, Why y'all playing? It is contagious. Yeah. Yout play tricks like that. I didn't play The trick. I was just aware of the trick Mark. The joke was on us because this motherfucker was involved with it too. He knew that's Not true. He found that at the store. That's Not true. I didn't know at all. When did you find out? At the store. Okay, But then you carried on the joke though. I did. Y'all walked you to the store man. And you still, you walked together. We went and got sandwiches man. And you I know, but you still played along like you won my work bro. Oh Shit. And my thing is that like how can you be the, you know, you know what that did to Mark and myself. Man Y Showed Showed your true colors.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. That's horrible. I see. Yes. No, because you, you you like to mix shit up. All nigga niggas is proud of you. But like I said, the fact that the opportunity was there, we didn't take the opportunity. It happens nigga. But I don't even know what you talk About. At the same time I asked you for $10,000 nigga and you act like you was gonna give it to me. Like yo, I got you. Yo. I didn't say that. Tell tell the crowd what I said you want. Let's, let's then I told you I wasn't gonna pay you back yet or what? 'cause you got no, that's not true. Flip said yo, let me get 10 grand. I said all right. Right. Facts just like that. Facts. Facts. I said when you gonna pay me back? He said, What? I gotta pay you back? Said yeah nigga. Wait, hold on, hold on. I said 10 grand to a million. If you win a million that's like a hundred dollars. And I come and say yo, let me get a 10 piece.


I gotta pay you back. No, I'm just saying. I'm telling you. Just gimme your answer. I gotta pay you back. Right. Y you you Motherfucker. Yo listen, listen to this. This is what the piece Is. I just can't get a 10 piece on the off. This is Real story. So this is how I had all the numbers. Right. My, my girls' peoples hit a scratch off for a million. I think I came in and talked about it. I think you mentioned it two years ago. Yeah, bro, after Uncle Sam and them took they bread, they only got foreign change. That's why I knew the numbers. 'cause they literally, and New York is higher tax than jersey's for sure. Right. It is so dog Emanny like, yo, I'll come here, give everybody this. And I'm like, No you wouldn't. No you Won't. No, no. Okay.


I I said if I hit a million, That's what the ticket was for. No, I'm saying if I go home with a million. Right. Okay. I, I don't have a problem with saying I would give everybody attention. You gotta hit for 2 million. No, no. If I go home with a Yeah, hit 4 million. If I go home with a million, I'm, there's, I don't even feel comfortable walking in here and not giving niggas something to be honest with you. 10,000, that's the number. If I win the money here, lemme Get my 500. I got you. It's The first of the month too. I got you. You bone Get my 500. I got you the first five. Oh yeah. What? Because we, we, we betted that Imani jumped out the roof. Yo, we a cowboy. Yeah. Y'all gonna be last in the division nigga. I said It is a dumb bet.


It is all good. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Do you plan On paying that nigga? Yeah, for sure because he don't be paying niggas. He crazy. He just Take his time. You you pay ice yet? Yes. Yeah, He paid Ice. I apologize. Ish. Yo. Stay outta my pockets motherfucker. So why, why don't you gimme the 10 piece nigga? I Told Flip I'll give him 10 grand. Right. Thank you. This is before he even knew. I said yeah sure. Thank you. When you gonna pay me back? I don't know. No, he said I gotta pay you back. I said yeah, yeah nigga you Got, it was a great but Lemme ask you a question. How long would you get me to pay you back? How long do I have to pay you back? I didn't even give that split the time limit on Just say you gimme 10,000. How long do I have to pay you back? Like a year, six months, something like that. You ain't got No PPP program like a forgivable loan. Shit, My forgiveness comes from the heart.


The fuck is you talking about, nigga? Nah man. If I, if I, if I can't, if I'm here and I win a million off a scratch off in, in front of y'all presence, I wouldn't feel right without giving. Nah, I'm Playing Shark Tank. Oh. Who, who got the best idea to Get? Yeah, I gotta get an idea. Huh? You know what I mean? And, and putting the e word in there. Equity. Oh Shit. Oh damn. What you talking about? We, we, we can do this together. But anyway. Yo, you was mad. Mark was mad. Mark damn near dug a hole in the motherfucking coffee table scratching off, scratch off. It did. I can't think niggas wasn't mad niggas, it's just the opportunity that was missed. That's it. We talked about this already. Man you nigga, that's not true. You hot. You want niggas, you want niggas to be mad.


You wanna find some hate in some niggas? Me Niggas. Yes. Niggas love you bro. I, I mad Nigga happy and I know I could come to you for a quick 30 piece. Know what I'm saying? Quick, a quick. It went up 10 up. You said You said flip. I got you but at the same, I wanna know if you serious at the same time. Yeah, I would loan you $10,000. Yes I would. But you wouldn't give it to me? No. Got it. Got hell no. Parker would you gimme 10 grand Shark Tank? I'm playing Shark Tank. I'm playing. You gotta come, come, come with an idea. Yeah, you gotta show. You wanna do, alright, I got 10,000 in that For 10,000. Paul, you Got it. I'll Invest 10 on you. Paul. You got the money. That's not a bad idea. Yeah.


What? No, but you Have the money. We're making Shark Tank now. See, I see. Bring it back. I want see you Both the great white shark about fly me to the moon Flip. Do you want me to bring you the fish or do you want me to teach you how to fish? You Right. Yeah. See I know how to fish You right. You know what I want your money. No, the answer is no. Nigga, we Real quick. We should go ahead. We should sit, we should sit in Parks and Joe at a table and do like a makeshift shark tank. How serious does it have to be for you to lend somebody 10,000 without the Shark Tank idea? Like what if There was something like seriously going on with somebody? I would no problem. Yeah, I mean do they have to tell you exactly what's going on?


Are you one of those people that you need to know the details because there's some people that I Know the details. I mean some type of, some level of detail. Yeah. Oh Yo my yo, I'm in trouble. I need 10 grand. Yo. My kidneys hurt. Yo. What? Talk about Of detail. Here's some Advil. I need 10. Drink some water dog. Like Ginger works for everything. The fuck are you talking about? Why? I think that nigga just wanting to get in nigga's business? No. No. I think so. Hey you gonna pay me back? I think You just begging You time. I am. Lemme ask you a question, right? I am. So you could go in a nigga bank account but they can't go in your business because what if the businesses too, Hey yo, what if a nigga need 10 grand for like an enlargement nigga Enlargement of what? A dick enlargement.


Just say that. I Don't even know how to respond to that. Yo. Exactly say that. How do you come to your man? I should say that. Yo, Yo yo my shit little Dog. You know my shit little right. Yo, I might feel I'm trying to get right. I might feel empathy for you though. You 15. Yo. But hold on, yo, hold on the 10 get you tell me why you we talking about my nigga. Why you gotta elaborate on shit like that? Damn. I'm saying yo, when you lose your stomach and me. Yo. But that, but that's how you get Tricky though. How you find out the nigga get the actual surgery. See I gotta show you a picture before I'm gonna take your word.


I'm gonna take your word for dog. Get me. I better see and pray when You get back. That's I'm gonna stand right in front of. Yeah man. What did you talk about Matt? Would you, Mel, would you let Anybody hold 10 in here? Yeah. Yeah. I yeah I Would. You've got bread too. You've got money son. What's like, who you allowed hold $10,000 and, and tell me what excuse they gotta give you to get to 10. She'll let you hold $10,000 because, no, no, because you come on responsible. For real. Yeah, I would, She'll Let you hold 10 grand. She'll put interest on it. Depends on how, how Pay me back. It depends on how long it took you to pay me back.


Mm, Thank you. After, after six months. Yes. Interest starts to Crue. What's the interest? Like what, a hundred dollars, 5%? Let it Lie. A don't let me hold 10 grand. They come back. I Ain't ain't coming back. I know You've already, you've told numerous stories about that shit. So Interest. I I thought you about say he didn't come back my fault. No, I thought, I thought she, I thought she was gonna say that. Like yo, you I my she wasn't gonna say that all dude. You I would definitely loan it to Parks. Oh thanks. That's very I'll Bring it Back. You know that. Would you loan it to me? All the motherfuckers?


Yes. All the motherfuckers you loan it to is light skinned or white. You're racist. I would loan it to you. Good. Thank you. Let me hold $10,000 N no. Oh Shit. Oh Shit. Am I? No, no this isn't, this isn't hypothetical land. Do not fuck with me right now. Okay. All my finances are tied the fuck up. Yeah, that's yo, you know what, that's your bag too. That's your lines. My finances are tied up so you can, you can stack up. That's a line that you'll be using. That's a perfect line. Amazing lines. What's wrong with that line? Amazing. They are. And look, I ain't even give you that line. I said sure you can borrow you my man.


Y'all know what time It is though. Right time for our favorite part of the show, PrizePicks. It's playoff time and it's now or never. Don't miss out on the best place to win real cash while watching the playoffs. And you can win up to 1000 times your money only on PrizePicks or you have to do is select two to six players. Look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win big. So download the app today and use promo code JBP to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat if you download the app today and use promo code JBP you get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


All right guys, we was, we was court niggas in the middle of some bulls. Nigga Regg got our free, we got our free got wig, shit. This shit he didn't know they was bleaching in Jamaica. He think that you I didn't say that it started. I said I didn't know it was heavy like that. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. For for decades. Yeah. I didn't know it was that popular that long. Yeah. Did my bleach. We got a new, we just got a new Drake joint. We did. I don't know if y'all heard it. You ain't see it? Dropped Thought you Got it. I Got it. Tre know we Got it on Fridays. Huh? No, this, this is a leak. I don't think he did this on purpose. Yeah, The summer is over. I missed it. Bar was smoking. I kissed it Fair showed us the renters for Texas.


It's unrealistic. Cut him the check because IHE reviewing the budgets and limits just paid a man. The world fell in love with the gimmicks. Even my brothers got tickets. Seemed like they loved every minute. Just know the shit is personal to us. And it wasn't just business analyzing behavioral patterns is someone suspicious. Niggas was never happy for me when I run up the digits or when I'm breaking world records still as I guzzle Guinness or when I get my fifth Ma back. 'cause the color is different. Remember we traded watches I gave you the Arabic guy, you gave me a number that did, you would even check up on my son like a pediatrician show against the gang and shit was rooted in love. When it isn't, show me how different we are there. Blessings and juxtaposition I guess.


Now you boys gotta abandon your summer tradition. Cold shoulders. I gave in a half as it come with the distance figure. We was always gonna be close like ovens and kitchens. I was sadly mistaken and loyalty. So this is like yeah. Recorded from a phone on. It looks like it's playing on a fucking, I think they said Conductor is the, is the producer. Oh okay. He posted it on his YouTube and then I guess it's not there anymore. But yeah, they said pull that shit down, dog. I mean he Sounds, it sounds good. It sounds great. He was talking shit. It sounds great. Sounds he sound more than good. He he killing that shit. He Was talking that Shit. He talking that shit. It Sounded like an extension of the scary hours kind of vibe. Like the, the just stream of Consciousness rap. Which Is, which is what I think we all need from him right now.


Agreed. Agreed. Niggas been playing that whatchamacallit. What's that? What's This shit that he drop during the Beef Family Matters. Oh Look, That's how much they playing it. You even know. No Now Family Matters is dope. It was a record. It is gone nigga shitted on it. That nigga was going crazy on This shit. We ain't shitting on it. It just got stepped on. Yeah. It was always a good as soon record. As soon as he dropped that then Meet the grams dropped and everybody Was efficient like us a day after that. Right. How can That was a hell of a strategy. I know we did a lot of, we did a lot of shitting on him. We did, we did Well outside of yourself. But we did a lot of shitting on him.


I think it's a moment where we can be like honest. Like that nigga's dead nice. Yo, Of course he's nice. I don't think Anybody ever said he wasn't. I think we No, but it gets confused. Say it gets confused. Like I, And I just mean up Here. I ran into people in the street and they be like, yo, why, why y'all don't fuck with Drake? And I'm like, no, we fuck with Drake. Like he is dope. He just lost that. He just lost that Battle Rap wise. That nigga is spitting. He's crazy. He's Incredible. Yeah. He's one of the biggest selling artists of our lifetime for a reason. Like we don't have to. Well if we get more of that, I'm, I'm, I'm watching out for that. If I get more of that, that's all I want to hear from him. I don't wanna hear No nothing else. You ain't gotta sing on the record. You give me at least five to six records of that.


I'm cool. I'm happy Boy's. Good bro. She's good man. I'm curious what happened there in terms of why it, it came out like this Nigga, you ain't supposed to put that out. You know that you ain't supposed to put that out And it's not recorded. Just look like he's just rapping it. Yeah, he on the Yeah, it looks like, yeah it looks like someone was filming a Nikon or some shit like that. I mean Maybe Drake put the plan together himself. Yo, let's just put this test Put out there. Test the Waters. Yeah. Let's see what the people Saying. Then we put the real C DQ out. They snatched it. They snatched it. Yeah. It's already out. Oh yeah. That was just a temperature check. That's what they're saying. I'm sure it's gonna drop probably by the time this podcast I hope drops The actual Yeah, The room. Yeah. If it's out, if it's already out, then why, why not? At that point you might as well This is what we want.


That's it. And we can give credit what credit is due. We can't take away from his talent. It's just, you know, at the time it was what it was at the time. Besides Ish, You know what I mean? And myself a little bit. But you know, Nah Ish stood strong. He did, he stood strong. But It was, IM not the biggest Drake fan Like that. It don't matter. You stood strong. I just, I just think that our, our coverage wasn't objective. I I think it was Okay. I think it was just symptomatic of what was happening in real time and strategically Kendrick out strategy to eat him Amount. The, the, the, the the for me, the the key thing was when he stepped on it. Yeah. Like that nigga song wasn't out 45 minutes. He had a whole song out that was just Gene and then followed it up with another bop.


It's Just genius. But the, the way that we broke down the songs, we ain't give that family matters. The the airplay it deserved. We didn't go through the lyrical issue. That's we did. I think we went bar for borrowed that Record. No we didn't. But it's cool. I don't wanna beef. We didn't, it was bombs getting dropped. The niggas was talking over that shit. 'cause I came in here like, yo, that boy's saying some shit and we was just breeze on by it. And I was like, all right, cool. Nah, that, That nigga saying, I think it's like the Floyd May Mayweather effect. The nigga was winning so much. I think eventually at a certain point niggas just wanted to see him take the out. Yeah. And it's nothing wrong With saying, why can't we say that? I said that like, yo fam the world want they build you up to knock you down.


One of little chink in his arm. The nigga was winning too much. Nigga. I shoulda heard that. You mad You mentioned my scene. Dad, I gotta go bad. I gotta go bad. Went crazy. What? Nah, we can't, we can't, we can't fuck with it now though. It's too late. We cri walked all over the nigga shit. Following. No, I didn. He crippled. No over, Not over that. We Crip walk too. They not like us. Not over his shit. Well, I did both. I put on some likey cortexes on the nigga Tomato D tomato Cortez Bro. Well, you know what I mean. It is all you Spanish Puerto Rican, you know, Cortex. Cortex Got, you know, I had, I had a question for specifically Ian Parks.


What's the difference between a singer and a vocalist? Like the, is there a distinction between the two? Mm, not between those two. I wouldn't say, I think that's just different words for the same thing. I think there's a difference between like a artist and a vocalist or a, a songwriter and a vocalist. But a singer and a vocalist to me is the same verbiage maybe. Yeah. Nah, I mean I take it as the same verbiage. Okay. Really. I would, I would, I would give a separation between artists and vocalists. Yeah. I think there's some artists who are an amazing artists but can't light a candle to some of the vocalists that just walk on the street day to day. Yeah. Yeah. Like there's certain people who are great vocalists but would never be able to embody a song and get the song across.


Right. Like you, you'll have a hard time finding them a record. Oh my God. Right. Everything I heard over, no, I'm looking for his key sweat joint. Yeah. Perfect example. I just, I'll take Keith Sweat. He's a great artist. Great artist. Not the greatest vocal vocalist ever. Not A great vocalist. Yeah. Vocal to me. A Lot of people I think would agree with that. Avery Wilson, great vocalist. I don't think he's connecting as a artist because there's not many records that you can attach to him. Those, those are the differences. So like Luther was the embodiment to me of someone Amazing vocalist. Amazing vocalist. But was also a good artist as well. No, he was an incredible artist. And I'm saying this just because I, I started watching his documentary last night and then I, I cut it halfway because I was really, really, really tired.


And I woke up this morning kind of early, so I watched the rest of it. So I'm laying in bed sobbing, like over this fucking documentary. Really? It was so because of how he died, you know, he had a stroke that he really never recovered from. And he did a couple of interviews and well he did an interview with Oprah and after Yeah, after the stroke. I remember that. I remember That. And he was, you know, his speech was limited and it just was so hard to see somebody who had such a dynamic personality and such incredible stage presence. And he was so beloved reduced to that. And then also knowing that the com like the thread through his life was that he was known as like the, his songs were bedroom songs, you know, people, how many babies were, you know, conceived his music and he never found love.


And it touches a little bit on his sexual orientation. But everybody who was in his life really had so much respect for him. They refused to even go near that because he never addressed it. So it was his, Well, danger Patty says something. Well, so his assistant basically says that she should have shut the fuck up. It was not for her to say anything. It was, it was for him. And the fact that he kept it quiet in his business, what his sexual orientation was. His true friends would never have done something like that. Did they Say the reason why he kept it to himself? I, well, I mean, think about the, she said, she said Adam, Adam Nobel said that we, she said a big part of it was just the perception with the industry, but also his mom.


Mm, yeah. His mom was a church going woman. He was keeping that, that's what she said. I don't know if it's true or not, but that's The, the majority of it was that he just could not stand to have his public image altered by that because of the stigmatization that went along with, especially In the eighties. Exactly. And especially it was totally different ballgame. Exactly. And especially the fact that, you know, hiv aids was very prevalent at that time and connected to being homosexual. And because his weight fluctuated so much at one point he was, you know, accused of having HIV and stuff like that. And it just, oh, it was a big Will We have cared? Hmm. Will we have cared if he would've, I mean, at that, At that time.


At that time maybe, right? Yeah. The world Might've cared. But even if we didn't care that, that wasn't indicative of the popular opinion world going on at the time. Right. Yeah. But what, what I found interesting about this particular documentary and the yacht Rock doc is how many artists played with each other that you never really knew. Oh for sure. Like I never knew that Luther was Roberta Flacks backup singer. Mad People's backup. Yeah. Mad people. David, David Bowie. He was David Bowie. Yeah. I had, I had you. I would never have put that together. He said he never wanted to be a solo act at all. Like they forced him To Mariah Carey was a background singer. Yeah. But like for a very short amount of time.


Yeah. He made a career off of being a background singer and, And didn't wanna go and he did not wanna go Report Roberta. It's not that he didn't wanna, it's that he didn't really envision. And Roberta Flack was one of the first people push him to the front to, to push him to the front kind of thing. And then no art, no label wanted to fucking sign him because, you know, he just, they just didn't wanna sign him and he was developing his sound and it was just, you guys gotta watch the Document. Yeah. Do you know how many artists deal with that struggle today? There's so, like most of the, the real great singers vocalists within the business are usually doing backgrounds for somebody who can't hold the candle today or writing demos or writing demos. It is just, that's just the business. Like, it's sad to say, but some of the more talented people, you never get to know are that talented.


That's A ask, lemme ask you a question. Do you think that's predicated on their physical looks? Sometimes it's, it's that it could be that it could also be them just not playing the game a certain way. It could also be just, just timing Because, 'cause I heard, I think me and Corey got in an argument a long time ago and I was like, yo. And some of the, and some of the, the white musicians, like they could look like shit. They come up there with a t-shirt on and sell 47 zillion albums. And that was part of, and That's a lot of our shit is predicated on image. So much that talent kind of gets Swept. Not only that racism, The more talented artists.


That's, That's why I love what Money Long just did what you do. So Money Long just, just had a whole conversation about the La Atlantic records coming to her and saying like, oh, would you be willing to give up some of these soulful records? Or to some white artists, to some of these white artists? She's, nah, no. Like, no, like, and I, I've always said that, yo, it's, it always looks a little fan. And when you take some of that soul and put it with some blue eyes, I don't know why. It's always more marketable. It hits a little different. It's like, all right, no I don't wanna be a part of that. She said That was one of my favorite parts on the, on that was one of my favorite pod days because we had Doci that day too. Yeah. Came up that day and then night long.


Yes, yes. I will never forget it. Both come back to back. Those two were just like, just came in like hurricanes really strong, huge Personalities. Huge. A huge personality. Wildly talented. And they knew it Very different. Very different too though. Both of them. Very big personality but very different in, in their own way. Very unique. Which is why I'm so glad that both of them are receiving the success that they receive now. That's true. Doce for sure is like amazing just to see them be able to get to this point without having to circumvent their actual style or look or anything like that. True. Both of 'em came in like, I'm it for sure. No bullshit with the team that said, and Dogie didn't even have the amount of accolades and praise that she's getting today.


True. And she still came in like, I meant she's so good. I met nigga like, what's up? What, what y'all doing? You know what I'm saying? And that shit was fly. Like we all received her crazy. Like yo, that shit was dope. And then but Money Long had already been on a, a tear for the the year. Yeah, true. You know what I'm saying? So she was already Yeah. But yeah, but but look at but look at both of the first off Money Long had to do a whole rebrand. Yeah. Because she was like the songwriter. She was a Songwriter. A whole rebrand. Then also have to tell us about all the money she had to spend out of her own pocket just to get certain things popping when she thought she would get the label support. Then you have the Doshi story of I started boom, boom, now I'm finally getting to a position where I can now do the music the way I wanna do it and start to receive the praise.


Alright. Like, just amazing how both. Yeah. Amazing. Yeah. And yo all that is good, but I gotta look at dance with my father different now, man. No, don't favorite man. You can't do that. That's one of my favorite songs, man. So so you look At him different. Why? Because man, like y'all elaborating on, you know what I'm saying? Like, I'm, I'm gonna make you feel like shit. So if he was gay, he can't dance with his father, I'm Gonna make you feel like shit. No, he can't dance with his father Is fucking his father. You guys are thinking crazy. That's not what I meant. I'm just saying that I really adore that song. Me Too. That's one of my favorite songs. It was His career hit And on top of that, ah, I can't say it but on top no say it.


It has nothing to do with ation between him and his father. Please just remove that for sure. No, I'm trying to be funny but you guys are making it all eyes on me. But Okay, we won't look at you. We won't look at you. Go ahead. So you ain't, That's like the YMCA singing Well Village people singing, dance with my father man I'm not going. No, that's not, that's Not So you saying JR can't get a dance? Yeah, He can but young man see like I listen, I look at YMCA different until they, they told me that it didn't really mean that. I just look at shit different what it Mean. YMCA is about basketball nigga the YMCA but nigga said that they made it for gay people that wasn't a gay anthem and we had to stop. Well it was in the disco era. So I mean, I don't know exactly, But what I'm saying is that with Luther, I Don't know if YMCA was talking about hooping.


I don't know if it was either. Yo, are y'all crazy? He don't laugh. It's they word. I did my research. Yo, they might have Been talking about dunking something else. The YMC was Talking about like bathhouses And shit. No. What year was that shit be? Yo, y'all know the YMCA was for a place for people to just go and congregate and, and The YMCA was talking about it was promoting the youth to play basketball and to play sports. I looked it up the lead singer of what's the, what's the group called? The village people? Yeah, the village people said it wasn't a gay anthem. Wow. I never thought it was Okay. So the ros dance with my father songs resonate with me. 'cause I love my father and I love my family and So did He. And he loves his father. Yes. And I'm just, and I told my insulation, but I'm just saying like, So if by chance he was gay, homosexual, would that change, that would change the meaning of the song for you?


Now? It wouldn't. But back then, No. No. Why you think he didn't come out? Okay, let's stop playing. Why come out? You come out for the same reason? Because it'll change. It'll change the dynamics. But when Luther out Was a child, when Luther was out, you was a kid, kid, Nigga, that shit still resonate with me. Nigga. I tear up when Luther passed, shit, nigga shut shit. Two, I think 2003. Yeah, you might have been How old was you in 2003? Luther died in 2003. I believe so In 2003. I was 18 or 17. 17 some shit. I don't know. No, no, no. 15, 16. Yeah. So when Luther was popping, popping you was a kid. Kid. So what I just got, I don about Fat Luther. Fat Luther. Yeah. So tell me, you say your about made me feel bad.


I'm sorry man. You about to check me. Well if I'm not mistaken, his father passed away when he was fairly young. And so if you list, obviously you know the lyrics. The song is basically a ode to his father. Like how he wishes that he could have just one more tan opportunity to dance with his father. Like his father used to pick him up and spin him around. And it was like, look at These niggas issues. Look at the fathers attitude. Look, look, we tear up nigga wanna dance with our father. Me too nigga. Your phone, your father. I was googling what the YMCA mean. You know what I'm saying? That song gonna It is unofficial gay anthem. That's what it says. It did not say that.


You you wanna read it? Yeah. Song. It's unofficial. Unofficial. The unofficial it. Lemme ask you another question when that song come on, does it resonate with y'all? Yeah. Or mama does. Are you talking about y both? No, both me. Always keep it inside. Hey mama, little bitch mama. I love this guy's a nutcase. Oh man. Rest in peace. Rest in peace to Luther. Man. I wanna watch that duck. Where was it at? I do, it was, it's on cnn. No, it's, well, it's CNN Hulu. I watched It on Oh, CNN Air. It Was, it was really good. And that's why I was sobbing because that fucking song and then he dies.


Like he never got to celebrate it. He won a Grammy for that song. He wrote it with Richard Marks. I didn't know that connection between the two of them. Amazing Song. Amazing song. And he really never got to celebrate the Grammy winning song. That was like his career hit because he had the stroke. It's, I was a fucking mess this morning. Watching that. I'm gonna catch it. I wanna read something. Okay. It is the YMCA song, gay Excuse. Well, YMCA is often associated with the gay community and played at pride events. The songwriter Victor Willis has repeatedly stated that It is not intended as a gay anthem. And it was meant to represent the fun activities young men could do at the YMCA like basketball and swimming.


Thank you man. A lot of swimming. What were they swimming in? And I'm drawing, why would that turn such a wholesome song? It relate like hold On one second. Well you just tried to change. Wait, just just wait one second. Let's also take into account their fucking costumes. Okay. The cop costume, they were A little, A little girl. It was a Little Indian with the short shorts on and the feather. What are we talking about? Where you wanna put the feather? That was the, the eighties man. Wow. That was the eighties. Everybody was bugging out wearing some crazy shit. Like we say, we gonna to put the feather y'all some freaks young man.


He listen the the older nigga stop bro. Don't do he do he listen to the bot? Yeah. Don't play with a song like that. How you know? Oh Shit. Because I just know I Googled it so stupid. I Googled it. Oh man. Holy shit. I'm sure he getting a nice royalty chat. What? What are he talking about? That song is, that song is you How did on New Year's, actually we was I bet you did. We Was at the whitest party in the world. I can't Wait to track. Yeah man. We was That planet at Hollywood in the fucking tropics. Oh man. Mad teenage white kids sneaking drinks and shit. It was, it was weird. You know what I'm always interested to see at on New Year's, what's the first song people play like right at 12?


Frank Sinatra, New York. They played my way only in New York though. Oh no, they played What you mean? They played the Rihanna shit this bad. It wasn't bad. It Wasn't bad. That ain't that bad Niggas. That might've Been the first and last black song we got for the entire night outside of Florid and Pit Bull, if you want to include that. Which I don't particularly, But Yeah. Niggas at the event played a Kendrick Lamar TV off. Oh Shit. I was like, this is new but it hit tv, TV Off. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Hold on you. They, they played Frank Sinatra, right? I don't remember. No, not Costa, Costa Rico. Nigga. They was playing like e DM shit nigga Frank Nigga, who a fuck, fuck is wrong with you nigga?


He ain't Francisco. Fuck. Talking about Nigga Costa Rico. The fuck nigga. That's an anthem for New Year nigga. In New York. In New York in in the world. No it's not. I y'all dumb. Put some respects in our Jamaica. Put some respect on Luther Nigga, nigga. I did. All right. I put more than Frank. I did. No, 'cause y'all played around with Muha. Y'all played around with his, with his, with his legacy. Stop put jackets on that nigga. No, don't do that nigga. I petty label said nigga. Or, or see or see, see, see the thing is or whatever the fuck. I'm sorry I don, I don Dunno who they're, what's wrong with talking about Oh, mellow won't laugh at that. Huh? Uhuh slim me to the moon.


That's how you brought in New Year's. Yeah. Frank Sinatra's the man. He, he, him. And New Year is New Year's. Who's Black? That's the man of you, Cindy Poitier. Mm. Okay. Quote something that's hate. No, not at all. Not at all. I agree with that Mrs. Yo, you're the heat of you're idiot. What? That what's the whole line is they call, they call me. Mr. Debs be respectful. You rap white. You can't say that. Listen. Well he married a white woman, so there's that. He did. And she was Canadian. That's a fact. There was another movie with Sidney Poitier where he was handcuffed to a white prisoner. I forgot Lilly's in the, and there was Lilly's in the field.


I don't mask any Boer movies that I watch. Nigga don't play with me son. My blacks is up, bro. I don't know about Nah, your Old, your old Blacks is up. Yeah, you different bro. I ain't gonna hold you. You, you, He Was a safe black. Like gimme somebody like Richard Pryor. Okay. That's cool man. You Pryor, he was safe Black Too. No. Richard Pryor? Nah. How how was say that, Which one of them wast safe? There was somebody that was real raunchy back in the days, was it Red Fox? Red Fox, Rudy Ray Moore. So Red Fox was just Red Fox was just, he didn't give a fuck Do Dom Dolomite was, Dolemite was worse. The the top tier of, I don't fuck Who the fuck is Do do Rudy Ray, Rudy Ray Moore. A lot of the niggas that you hear like on rap, rap Song way down in the jungle Deep.


Yeah. You don't remember that shit? No. Yo, chill out. Are you black? Okay. You good? Yeah, black Next. I don, I'm sorry I don No Richard Pry on stage was Richard Pryor on stage, but, and movies and shit. He was safe. He Wasn't so, so, so Yeah. Especially when he hooked up with Gene H Wilder. Gene Wilders. Yeah. That's some Gene. They they got some classics. They do. They do Stir crazy. They got cla Stir crazy. Mm. So you know he's White. Yeah. Ooh, You know what I was wondering the other day? Remember the movie Three Amigos with Steve Martin? Yes. Martin Short. Is it racist? Yeah, probably. Is it racist now? In, in, in this lens and today's age? Yeah. It is probably crazy. And it wasn't, I haven't seen it since a kid, but I'm sure now you'd be like, yeah, they shouldn't have said that. You Know what, there's a movie that they were just talking about.


That's probably one of the most racist movies ever that we just let fly by. It's a movie about a kid, white guy who was trying to go to a school but he couldn't afford to go there. So he tried to get a scholarship under being African American. So Soul Man, soul. Soul. Fucking soul man. Thomas Howard. What? Huh? Soul Man. Soul man son. A nigga Took some pills. He took some, he took some pills that turned his skin black. Turn his, he went to Harvard. They pulled him over. Oh Shit. Right. I've never seen this. He had his license in his back pocket and when they pulled him over he was like, let me guess you lost your wallet. Right? Yeah. And he was like, no I didn't. And yo think on his license It is a white face. Oh Shit.


Like he went to the gym. Everybody was like, I got him. He's on my team. I got him. Yo. What year that came out? Oh, it was a long Time ago. Eighties. It was like, It is bad. It was in the eighties. But it's bad. It's racist. Don't watch it today. Do watch it. But dont watch it. Today will be today it will be. Pick your sides out front. What racist movies. That was racist that we not giving up on a lot of shit that was racist back in back then. Nigga Shit. Movies, cartoons. Cartoons, stores. What was the shit thats was Crazy? The whole Disney, the Iron Man face was was Black. Tropic Thunder. Yeah. Yeah, Tropic. They did the, they did, they did racism. Good with that one though. Like it wasn't that offensive. I wasn't mad with Robert Downey Did that Why? 'cause you a Robert Downey fan, right?


I fuck with Robert Downey Ironman. Right. Nah, look at you sell out. Nah, Look At you. What You talking about? What fucking movie? Where a black man play? A white man? You got 17 white people on your Body. Body and I'm Cell. Oh. Got four. I only got three. What the fuck, yo. What? Like yo, you don't even drink like that And you ain't even got the good whites on you. Who? James Stewart. I mean he's racist now. I heard he was racist but He's been racist. Been Racist. I Didn't know that you got a racist nigga on your body to take him off. I'm about to take him off. Oh you gonna replace him? Carry Gr was good then I found out a little bit things about him, but A little, He's not racist but you know. Yeah, go ahead. Who else you got? He what? Katherine Hepburn. You have Katherine Hepburn on you.


Yo. And you weren't this, You didn't hear Dorothy Dandridge. You ain't here word. Lean a horn. Yo. James Stewart being racist Hurt my heart to have this message. Literally it's on your heart. I didn Your point. I didn't know. I just like, I like it. He had there cussing you up the Christmas movie. It's a wonderful life. It's one of my favorite movies at a, at a dark time of my life. I go back to that movie and it made me feel good. I wanted to tat it on my body. That's exactly how it went. You Needed a reminder. A reminder of how good life felt when I watched that movie. Just put Santa Claus nigga. That's all. And Grease is my family. So why Didn't just put some coochie on your chest? Grease Is my, because Coochie don't Coochie Iss the one that got me in that fucking position. Nigga Coochie feel Good talking.


Hey yo. Hey yo. Listen, Put a mouth on your heart. Grease is my favorite movie of all time. We we know. Okay, so what I'm saying, I love these movies. So why isn't John Travolta on your team? Sandra d ain't on your shit nigga. I know all the records. I ain't gonna put, he's still alive. Jean Travolta's still alive. I ain't put 'em on my body. Okay. But I'm, I'm He ain't the brightest you heard about, you heard about him too, right? Yeah. He ain't the brightest of star I about, but Sidney Porter, bill Cosby. Bob Marley. Bob Barker. Bob Marley. Oh, I thought Said Bob Barka. He gonna put Bob Bark Bob Barker in work too. I think he's, he's good. I don think he's racist. Real quick guys. I know that we having fun, but we have to get to, I know we were trying to avoid it.


We try to, we Tried to avoid it long enough. Mm 2, 20, 25 has started off on some motherfucking bull shit. And it's still going Day three Us to take us to the Promise Day three. Like it wasn't even three hours into it when the situation unfolded in New Orleans. New Orleans where a gunman got into a pickup truck and decided to go down to Bourbon Street. Where New Orleans. Where New Orleans and tourists were having celebrations for New Year's Eve and just bowled through the crowd. And once the truck stopped, opened fire, and I believe it's 12 people now that lost their lives. 14. I thought it was, it's 14. Okay. Okay. I I didn't hear pass down 12.


I'm sure a lot of people have seen the footage. It's really graphic. Kind of unbelievable when you watch it. And now the conspiracy theories are starting. Well, first rest in peace to the people that were of course, a thousand percent. Yes. And more people were injured. Yeah. There was more people I'm saying. So a lot of people didn't pass away, but a lot of people got serious. I think it was like 30 people were injured, seriously Injured. So now you know the right and the the left. Everybody's fighting. Was he indoctrinated by Isis and this, did he have an ISIS flag and whatever else? And meanwhile this guy was born and raised in Beaumont fucking Texas and was in the military, you know, but now there's just this, it's they're equating it to the open borders and all this other shit.


And why If he was born here Because the, I Don't you're saying that somehow he was indoctrinated people from outside got him and turned him. Yeah. And they're also saying that his parents were immigrants and whatever. It's basically just the whole Yeah. It's a way to avoid the fact that this country has a real serious mental health problem for real. Like they, they always try to figure out another way to address the fact, to take away the guilt. The mental health of this country is in the gutter, the fucking gutter. Like address that first. Why would this person even have those thoughts to even do that? Forget all the other shit. First off Mad people die. Makes no fucking sense. The other mental health part that I be having to, to like kind of figure out why the fuck people are comfortable with just the fact that I was able to see it the way that I was seeing it.


Yeah. Like the video was everywhere. Like there was people literally walking over the dead bodies filming the dead bodies to promote, to show like that to me is a mental health issue. Yeah. All This shit is nuts. We all have to start addressing our mental health a little differently. Yeah. I think they've normalized some of the shit. Whether it be movies, whether it be the internet. Like I remember when, what's that shit that was popular Ice used to watch it all the time. Fucking where they be killing the people online. Oh, faces of Death? Yes. Shit. Like That's old. Yeah. That, that was a VHS thing. But yeah, What I'm saying is people bought, It's been that long. People Bought that. No, no, no. What it used to be a, a website Ebos World back in couple rotten.com shit that would show you this type shit.


Yeah. But that was like black market almost like under Bro, you can go on Twitter and see This shit Until it got normalized. Yeah. And then after it got normalized it was just mainstream. We can't make no money off it no more. I just think that when, when, when the, when the lady got set on fire on the train, people pulled their phones out, bro. Like, that shit is nuts. People said that insane in New Orleans. They were walking by people, bro. So for you to, to think, yo, let me get to safety 'cause it might be around two, right? The the first thing on your mind is pull out your Phone. Nasty, Crazy. You know what I'm saying? Like we just gotta Yeah. It, it, It is scary for me too. 'cause in those moments, yeah, I don't know, maybe it's a weird thing I do. I always put myself at that place.


Yeah. Okay. Like that's one of the first things I do. Like, Oh Shit, what would I have done? Like I could have been there done and what would I, I done. And you realize you can't do shit, can't Do shit. And where I you don't Also, this is where Super Bowl's gonna be in like about a month. So Security gonna be insane. Yeah. I don't know. Sugar Bowl, they were gonna postpone it, but they pushed it back. But they still played. It is New Orleans BI fucking love, love New Orleans, man. We know, bro. Look, I know you, you damn near cry. Yeah man. Yo, he is the New Orleans king. But I just think that, you know, Orleans, I have a, I have a cousin that goes there often and him and his wife go there all the time and they love going to, like, they, they talk about New Orleans like that, like that That's me and my Wife.


I love New Orleans too. Yeah. So I know for, for me, when I watch that, not only I think of myself, I thought, damn. Like how does he, that could have been him. Like, it's just so weird. Man. Shit is weird. The conspiracy theories, you know, before we came on the mic, you know, we were saying that they found the ISIS flag in his car and Ish old Mel, one of you guys said that it could have been planted there. Yeah. Because where Does that thought come from? Because What they did was, you know, first of all, the most interesting thing about this, and I don't know if it's a connection. But it's just a very interesting coincidence between this and the event that happened in Vegas.


What the same day, next day with the cyber truck. They were both rented through the, that car app. Tarro Turro. Yeah. Which is just a random coincidence that these people rented these cars and then drove them to another state kind of thing. But anyways, that might not be, you know, here and nor there, but when they were looking at camera footage of the pickup truck driving through the city, you, there's, there's shots where you do not see a flag, you don't see one. But then all of a sudden the flag was there and found with the truck at the point in which, you know, the truck was stopped on Bourbon Street after the carnage.


I'm sorry, I just, I have a hard time believing that. I think we try to associate a reasoning why people do whatever they do in this country. No, I think that, I think it benefits a certain neg narrative. It does. No, I, I agree with you. I think I, I'm, I'm not disagreeing with it outside of this country being, it's the greatest country in the world, but outside of this country having its issues, we always gotta put a a, but, or why, or a villain or something on any tragedy that takes place. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I think we look for the why all the time. And so now the why is, oh, he was a part of isis, he Was not.


I'm, do you really think that American America can still hold onto that label of the greatest country in the world? Yes. Yeah. I Think, 'cause we keep talking about this as the land of the free home of the brave, you know, your freedoms and stuff like that. And it's like, living on the inside of here doesn't really seem like that. I mean, everywhere She go somewhere else. Okay. Finland, Switzerland, there's a whole bunch of other countries that we can think of that where the quality of life is, you know, heads and tails above the average American's lifestyle. Or, you know, life right now. I would agree. People are struggling to pay their bills. People are struggling to stay in their homes. People are struggling to fucking buy fucking eggs. People are struggling and there, like you said, there's a mental health crisis that is not being addressed.


We have, I don't even wanna get into Those freedoms lead to some of those negatives. Like when you go, don't get, get me wrong, You right. Switzerland, all of the Belgium, all that fucking Amsterdam. So, In America, and I don't wanna put this on money, just freedoms that we have. You can't just go denounce. We could go, we could get on the mic and say, yo, Donald Trump is on some bullshit. Go to other countries and say that about the president. You might go to jail. Right. Understood. We could, we could come here. We got freedoms here that people don't have in other countries and other places. Granted, albeit we got some fucked up shit going on here. But a lot of that fucked up shit comes from the freedoms that we do possess.


But there's also other countries that are run on a democracy where you can get away with saying those kinds of things. I just, I think that, that the, the whole label of America, the greatest country in the world, I don't think that it holds water anymore. Ask them, do they wanna come here? Exactly. That's why all of them come here. They take system. Most of them wanna come here Because Americas From, from countries that have civil war and unrest and No, you Don laughter them out. No, not just from there. No. Go to Portugal, go to Spain, go to other countries. Go to Italy. I'm, I'm watching a mass, you know, defection to fucking places like Portugal. People are leaving. Expat people are becoming expats. They are leaving in droves.


They're going to Panama, they're going to Portugal, they're going to Thailand. They're going everywhere else because they don't wanna live in America. I don look At that. That's, that's not true. Real, real quick though. They can't afford to live in America real quick. A lot. That's a Big thing. That's, well, that's kind of like making my point. A lot of us, we highlight the, the, the, the migrants. Right. And the situation because, but they all migrants that help the good migrants, migrants, migrants doesn't, doesn't, there are good migrants that came here that made something of themselves. This nation is built Off Of immigrant, Built the country. That's What I'm, whether voluntary or involuntary. The whole entire nation is built on migration. I know, I know, I know. I make a lot of jokes about it. But there are migrants that came here and helped build this country.


I think right now where we at is that we are broke. We are fucked up a lot. We are struggling. So we look for the why and, And, but the why, the why is in front of our face, nigga, if you walk down to the most fancy hotel and you see the, some of the migrants in there and, and This shit is getting paid. They getting the money. No, It is honest. And they getting the money and they out here doing bullshit hurting people and setting people on fire and said, you're gonna get Mad. Let me ask you This. Not all of them are doing it, but you're going to get mad. You're Right. Let me ask you this. 10 years ago before the migrants were here, what was going on? Same shit. Nobody's been set on fire. You are out. Shit on trains. You all right? Maybe not that one instance, but we've had people got get set on fire before premi.


True. The migrants didn't make the chaos. You understand what I'm saying? Some of them might have added to the chaos, but I think that's even on a small number. Again, we have to find a why so that we don't have to look in the mirror and hold ourselves accountable for some of our shit. It's easier to blame it on this person. I don't think the migrants create the chaos. That's not what I'm saying. I'll be wrong to say that. But what I'm saying is that right now, while people, while Americas are struggling, we are witnessing an uproar in our society. I agree. That's it. We are witnessing that in real time. I'm not disagreeing. Nothing is being done by it a lot. And and It is not only the migrants doing it. Look, a black guy just pushed the guy on the train and the guy survived. So I'm not, I'm not saying that. But what I'm saying is that, so unless the news is intentionally highlighting all the negative things about the migrants, then that's the only way I can see it.


'cause that's how we are seeing it. And it looked like, like, okay, we don't have money here, but we giving all this Money here. Domestic terrorism is just as much of a problem, if not more than all this migrant stuff you talking about. I agree on a, on a yearly basis every year if we talk about the school shootings, we talking about just the random attacks that just ha Every poverty, all of that shit, period. Poverty didn't come here. Just 'cause the migrants got Here. So that, that I don I don't, I didn't say no, I don't No, I'm just saying because people would be like, yo, resources being depleted by the migrants. No, the resources being Brooklyn was fucked up for the last 50 years, my nigga. Yeah. Newark has been fucked up for the last 50 years. Cleveland, a bunch of Brooklyn. No, it's alright. What's South Bronx? Certain parts of Brooklyn is Still fucked up. The who?


Who over there. What I'm saying is all of these ghettos around the country have been fucked up before a migrant ever came here. Like that shit don't, it's not, it's not, it's not. Okay, Paul. But here's the thing, shout out to it. 'cause you know, he, if he wasn't in a situation, he would like the the ones in high heels and and $40 shoes. What I'm saying is that, but we, we No, no, we cannot. Yes It Is. They not migrants. No. Well it's, It is correct. Yo, some of them ain't get the papers Yet. It is just correct. Hey man, I don knocking. Bye-bye. Look, don't say, You know what I'm saying man, It is just right.


Obviously it's the government that's doing this. It's the government that's doing it in front of our faces, right? Like It is gonna be some, It is gonna be some, it's gonna get worse. Some civil war shit going on here. Yo, I'm telling you, I get disgusted by the fact that in, in these these moments, the first thing we start focusing on is politics. The politics of it or the conspiracy theory. Yo people died Word human, human being on New Year's Eve. So now they're no longer themselves. They lose their name. Now they just a part of a death toll. Like why, why is it like we be so quick to make the killer the news of, of shit. Oh yeah. Before even addressing the fact that the people that died had names has families. So now agree. Yeah. I hate that. Yeah.


Like that's a big part of why I hate seeing the videos come across. 'cause now that's my last image on this earth. You seeing me dead laid out in the street, you don't know my, my family is seeing me dead. My family seeing it. You don't know who else is seeing it. It is disgusting. So before we even get to conspiracy theory, I don't care about that. Let's start figuring, let's honor this person. Let's figure out those names. Let's highlight those names. Let's, before we start dissecting homeboy and whether he was a Isis defective, I don't care. He did what he did. Whether you find out he did that or not does not matter. True fact of the matter is we have a problem in this country and a big part of it has to do with mental health. And instead of y'all putting the money towards fixing some, because I've also seen a lot of the attachment to some of these terrorists, especially domestic.


They do come from our, our army and our Marines and our na like a lot of that PTSD, a lot of things they ain't gonna talk about that. People don't want to speak to that level of shit. And as someone who has a, a, a family member in the army who deals with PTSD who talks about, yo, there's a lot of people here that's fucked up. Fucked up mentally fucked up. And a lot of, a big part of why they're fucked up is because the government forgets about them. My dad was in Vietnam. He fought, he came home fucked up. And when it came time for to get that support from the government, just luckily he had enough wits to go to school and get a good job. But there's a lot of people who don't have that option. Listen, I lost a cousin in Iraq, killed, you know what I'm saying?


Nick Nicholas White. I lost. He, he died. He got killed. My mom was in the Marines. What I'm saying is that I watched the effect that losing my cousin to the war, what it had on my family to my Auntie Annette. I watched that in real time. So like I do understand that even like PTSD can pass be that, I don't wanna say passed on, but a death like that can traumatize and cause different things in the household. You ever, you ever, so you you lost a cousin physically lost them in in the war. Yeah. Yes. Imagine losing somebody and they still alive. They go to the war one way I understand. And now when they come home, they're alive, but they're, you don't know them no more.


They're like an empty shell of themselves Empty. And they trying to drink away The thoughts. Yo my my dad used to tell me, honestly the only reason why he drank every day and he drank every day was was to get outta his head. To get out of his head of the things that he had to do over there in the namesake of this country. And then to come back and your country look at you like your Bu ass out Race. It is crazy. You know what I'm saying? To see people live through that. So no tell what's going on with this guy and what he experienced. Not giving him any excuse for The no. And ironically the the, the same dude in the truck, The cyber truck in Vegas. Yeah. He was also a military man. He was guy. Oh, for real? Yeah, yeah. Like if you look at the pattern, there's a pattern and they never want to address that. They never want to go ahead and take some level of responsibility for we, we, we brainwash people to become killers and then we send them back into, 'cause once you become a part of the army or anything, you are no longer civilian.


You look at us differently and then you put them back into the world and tell 'em to go back to that. And it's like, nah, my brain is already trained to be this. I can't, I can't It's war at this point. Or You a Jason born type nigga. Yeah. Then you just gonna throw that nigga in the middle of Rest in peace to Rest in peace to everybody. Yeah. For Real, real. I mean obviously, you know, he got killed after, after he hit the people and ran him over, he jumped out the car and started shooting and then the police killed him. So, you know, rest in peace man. It is unfortunate. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And, and, and also IIII feel that I'm gonna be doing my job if I don't say this.


I'm tired of you young niggas out here just doing senseless shootings now a lot of times I try to stay out of it to say I understand. I understand. But enough is it? No, you gonna saying, You know what I mean? 10, 10 people shot outside of Missouri, which Is a club here in Queens. Yeah. A club. A club here in Queens. That's my Shit too. They were saying this possibly gang related. You young niggas are getting on my fucking nerve. Like I can't blame anybody else now. Like now you guys know right from wrong. A lot of your guys been watching This shit. I don't know what the new thing is to kill on camera and do this and Yes. And just do random shootings and like you niggas is just doing shit recklessly just to get a name. And I blame the government too because they have games in jail.


They make jails so comfortable. Like nigga, when you were younger you used to be scared to go to jail. Not niggas want to go to jail. They got PS fives, they got flat screens and all that shit. Like It's PS fives in jail. They all that in jail. Nah nigga. Nah, niggas is living. Yeah, niggas Is living. Niggas living. So what I'm, what I'm saying is that you young niggas packet the fuck up. I'm tired of you young niggas doing This shit, bro. I'm tired of niggas like that wasting your motherfucking lives for a fucking gang that don't love you and for friends that don't love you nigga you taking one of your own for what nigga? I send 'em niggas to send send 'em niggas to Venezuela. Huh? Take that shit somewhere else. You know what I mean? Shooting girls, shooting little children, just shooting wild football. So now, so now do you take back that theory of when we were saying, you know, your environment, it does play a part, but at a certain point you gotta be held responsible for the things that you do because the excuse that people will use or that that's their environment, like what you expect.


This is all they know. It's like, no nigga, like grow the fuck up. They went, oh, the, the, the kid that they were celebrating passed away. He got killed, right? It was this one year anniversary, right. He got killed. He'll be 17. They came all the way to Queens to do a memorial for the young man. You niggas bring your raggedy motherfucking ass from Brooklyn or wherever the fuck you from to Queens nigga by ra, which we had a lot of issues with before and we just cleaned it up a little bit to fucking shoot a co a couple of people. Yeah. Just shooting motherfuckers. Yeah. And I mean I could, I could blame the environment all I want to. Right? Because that was my excuse. My excuse was to feel sympathy. But when I feel sympathy, I feel like now I became part of the problem.


That's my point. I became part of the problem watching This shit. Hey bang. Hey, looking at the camera. Nah, you little niggas need to be, I don't wanna say that part, but you little niggas need some type of wake up call. You do need a wake up call. And I don't know what happened to the OGs out here and I don't wanna blame them neither. But a lot of these niggas are fatherless. A lot of these niggas don't, don't respect their parents. A lot of niggas don't respect their teachers or respect their elderly or Respect their own lives. Or respect their own Lives. Hey there, there's, there's, there's a couple of prominent speakers, black speakers that say that there's another solution to this. I'm not gonna say what It is, but it's a little more drastic than just saying you need to go to jail or you need to go ahead and change the What, what Some people aren't changeable.


So what? Knock 'em off. Just put a nail on the put a my man said, my man said screw a two by four to the dashboard. Put some nails in it just, Just lemme by Tell me They say something. Nah, I didn say I would, I would never, I wouldn't say I'm not preaching that say that because Somebody is reformable. I think if that's a word, I'm not preaching that. But they do say you say that. You Know, I don't believe that. I I'm just say you something real quick. It's a guy that I know he's from the wild bunch in Brooklyn. OG Nuke did 30 years. When you hear the story, I mean he blew up a building in Brooklyn. He has a lot of bodies under his belt. OG Nuke came from after doing 30 years in prison.


I interviewed him and he's one of the most nicest people I know. He's reformed and he's out here, you know, with Life Camp Erica Ford promoting the peace with the youth and stuff like that. Now niggas may listen to OG Nuke. I see people listen to him 'cause like, oh nigga, I know your story nigga was in the paper, nigga you, you did all This shit. And I'm not saying, and I want to be mindful because people lost their lives and the people that lost their lives, they do have family. So I don't want them to feel like, yo, you bringing this man up and shit like that. I don't wanna do that. 'cause I did that a lot before and I didn't realize that the family, you Still affecting him. Yeah. You know, that's not what I'm doing. But I'm just acknowledging the fact that this man has done all this time and stuff and has came home with a different view on life.


He inspires me and inspired other around me. So I'm not saying that people can't change, but they need, they need to go through something. He Was rehabilitated. Yes, but they need to go through something. Maybe the jails these days is not the jails like it was back in the days. What you looking at the devil sign nigga behind me. That's not me nigga. What you look at at, I see you looking at the devil sign. Nah, I'm not what You think it happen. You think we need knocked up? Do you think these little niggas need to get knocked off, dumped on the island somewhere by themselves? No, no, no, no, no. With no weapons. I do weapons. I do, I do believe in rehabilitation. I do think that people can be reformed. I also do believe that there's some people that will just never change. You feel that the inside? I do. I do think that there are people that just will never change.


Whether it be circumstances, whether it be mentally what, whatever It is I do. And then what do you do about those people? How do we differentiate the Two? I don't, I don't know. You can't, you can't, you can't. You know what I'm saying? Like it's, it's, it's like we we're in, this is the world we live in. We've been living in. It ain't nothing new. The only difference is that you just have social media to make things a more visible for you. But all the things that are happening today have been happening. So like what do we do about that? Do we just become accustomed to it? Do we just try to remove ourselves? Like I would hate to tell people for the the people that lost their life in New Orleans, the first thing people want to say off that seat. That's why I stay home. That's why I don't wanna go outside. That's The last thing that's easy. Should take. That's the last thing. Any like, now you want to tell people they can't go nowhere.


They can't do nothing. That's bullshit. To avoid people like that. It's like you can't never, you can be in your home if something happened to you. Right? Movie Theater, fucking grocery store. Church. Yeah. Nowhere's sacred anymore as it as it relates to, But it's ne no nowhere's ever been sacred. True. It's always been like this. True. This is ha this has been the world since the world has started. So when we talk about it as if this is this new thing, it's like, no nigga, we, we just gotta be accustomed to it and just understand that we don't control none of This shit. I've, I keep seeing these shits and whether it be deaths in the family, whether it be deaths, seeing this, we don't control none of This shit. But we all got, we all have the we, we all have the, I don't wanna say complaints, but we all have the stories to tell.


But we have no solutions. There's no solution. There is none. The that's what I'm making. There's no solution. We can't bring up a Solution from our angle. Nobody can honestly, why Not? 'cause you don't have the power to control how many people in the United States. 300 million people. You don't have the power to control 300 million people. You know what I mean? Everybody thinking on their own wavelength and they own accord. We don't have the ability to do That. If, if we sit all in this room, we all know each other. And let's just say one day it invites Ish invites somebody to come through. We don't know this person, but let's just say that person just bugged out outta nowhere. Parks Play the Benjamin's and the Benjamins and it Trigger and he go off. Yeah, It is, it's outta our control.


We didn't plan for that. We thought we was in a room with people who are solid and safe. Don't know. Well praise all prayers. Prayers. We Out. Let's get, let's get, Whoa. Come on man. 20, 25. Let's try. Do You ever did the electric cloud before You right now? Mel? You ever hit the electric slide? Do it right now. Get up Mel. Come on. No, you need me. The electric slide?


No, not The not the Rabbit struck Canada. Left, left. You right. This slide me. Oh, You doing it Wrong? No I'm not. I've met the nigga that created the electric style. Who? Nigga. Rich silver nigga who created it nigga. So show Rich the show. Everybody's fucking Google it. I make sure Google it. Nigga lines ain't the electric slide based off the hustle That dance the hustle. Google it and see who created a record. What you say man? Rick. Rick. Yeah. I don't think y'all niggas know how to do electric side.


I got to move. I'm going on On a party. Party ride. Yeah. You know, dance drop box. No, that's a, that's a test. You gotta, I want you to learn. That's Funny. Dance comedy right there. I'll learn. You can Learn. Learn. I'm willing to learn if I see your six five as on. Ah, That's Hilarious Though bro. Why you tapping like that? Look at fool for the white man. Look. Why are you tapping like that? Yeah, niggas gonna bo fuck it. Yeah. Who created the Ish Rick Silver. Exactly. Oh Shit. You Got it. I interviewed that nigga a gay man for Connecticut. You you, I'm, I shout out to him Dance with him.


What? He showed you how to do the dance. He showed you how to do it, correct? He no, he did. I showed YouTube actually. He told us how to do the dance properly. Will he hold your hips to show you which way to go? No. No. You gotta hit your feet up. Like we hit Your feet up. It is. Yo, the way. Pick It up here, flipper. Hey, Yo, I have a question for y'all. Two. I was talking about this yesterday. Mm. Friendships that needs to not, I don't wanna say need, but friendships that should be valued because I was talking with this about Ms. Jones and saying that, and she was talking about Benzino and I said, Jones, you can't talk about it. We supposed to be cool with him. And then she was like, nah, nigga, like the industry, there's no friendships in the industry.


You saying industry friendships? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Should they be, should, should they be valued? You know what I'm saying? And like, like I stopped speaking. Listen, I'm just keep it real. I didn't really, I didn't stop speaking but I didn't, I cut communications off with Xeno not cut it off, but, 'cause he wanted to keep talking about Melyssa Ford and he wanted to do it with me. And I'm like, nah, we not doing that. Like what position? And I fucked with him. But what position you putting me in now to keep wanting to come talk about Mel or want me to go live and told I called, I told Mel about it. But one to go live and talk about Mel. We're not talking about Mel. So when I, when I told Ms. Jones like she was making fun of, you know, Benzino had a video where he was on the floor and shit like that.


I'm like, you can't make fun of, that's our man. I don't give a fuck what happened. Like, but I get is there any friendships in the industry that should be cherished nigga? Or is it a doggie dog world? Especially if we are in this type of field that we are in. 'cause like there's a lot of shit I avoid talking about with niggas. That's my friends. You understand what I mean? Who you Asking Everybody in the room? I think friendship is friendship. I think that friendship should be cherished. I don't give a fuck where you meet the person and what industry you in. I think that just be an excuse for niggas to do fuck shit. Yeah. I think that if somebody is your friend, an actual friend, your friend, associate or a Yeah. Like what, what are we talking about contemporary? I don't, I don't agree that there's no friendships in the quote unquote industry.


Every industry is different. But What about the field that we're in? We, we, we, we we are in a field. You are not gonna make friends with everybody you come across in this industry. I mean that if there of course, but if there's some people that you respect and you don't want to talk about them. Okay. Right. You, it, it, it may be frowned upon by the audience that's listening to you. True. But that, that's why I like Joe's and Star stance. Star always said, I'm friends with none of you Joe said, yo nigga, I already know when I got the gig, when I, when I committed to this that I don't wanna be friends with No nobody that They stands. You can't, you can't knock their stance. I I'm not, not at all. I think It's great. That's their stance. Somebody else is not wrong for having a different stance than Them. So then how do you approach a topic? If there's something about a friend of yours or somebody, We just did it the other day.


You did everybody up here. We did it with Remy and Pat. True. Okay. You, you could report something objectively without giving a a, an opinion on it. You could quote facts or if you decide that you don't necessarily want to talk about that. Oh well you don't have to talk about that. Oh well, shit, I'll say it now. Anybody that I have a friendship with that happens to be in the industry, I'm biased and I'm not going, I'm not gonna do it. I don't give a fuck. I'm, I'm gonna, if they've helped me in some type of way and they're actually my friend, I'm not talking about it. And it's, it's a very small list of people. Otherwise it's up for all you niggas. I don't care. I don't know y'all, I don't owe y'all shit. Y'all haven't helped me in any way. We don't have a friendship. So if it's a topic that comes in front of here that I have to talk about, I'm gonna talk about it.


But smallest Joe Kiss Royce, you know, certain other people I've worked with who have helped me in certain ways in this industry. I'm not talking bad about them and I'm gonna keep my comments myself. I Don't think that we really talk bad about people for the most part unless someone, someone does something super stupid that you just have no choice. But I just know sometimes how we offer opinion could come off exactly away. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So especially in the moment when you're talking with other people, you might have to watch it back and like, oh damn, that did come off a little sideways. So let me go back and change it. I don't wanna have to do that with too many people. 'cause I'm, I'm from that star thinking at this point, star tellers straight up, yo, I'm, I'm not friends with none of you niggas. I'm giving it up how I need to give it up because I'm more committed to this than I am to y'all.


So, And also being in this business, there's so many people that can be compromised and corrupted. So the friendship just goes right the fuck out the window. There could be somebody that you were friends with for years and years and years and you share shit with, You know what I mean? Like, you share good times, bad times, personal information with, and then they still do something to fuck you. You heard that bitch. Bless you, Man. I mean, fucker, It's fucked up. You don't deserve that. This Don't deserve this. This industry can compromise you. A camera stuck in your face is sometimes all it fucking takes. And the, and the right question being asked And the sad part about it, not the sad thing 'cause it's not sad, but you don't, you, you people don't like when I say it, but you hold it down.


They don't like when I say that because they feel like that. I'm trying to say that it, I'm trying to say that Melissa's holding it down. I'm sort of condoning the things that may have happened to Melyssa fought in the industry. But that's not what, I mean. We have deep conversations about these things and, and, and I admire the fact that you're able, even though when you get drunk, you talk about all the bullshit you're able to keep. No, you're able to keep your lips closed about a lot of shit. You have a lot of shit on people and you keep it closed. Even that bitch that that played with You, right? Like you, you kept your mouth closed even you still handle it with grace. Now, a person like me from my hood side could say, you just scared. You scared, you scared of the bitch. You got, you shook. But the other side is respecting it. You just probably respect the friendship of what y'all once had.


No, it's because I don't go back and forth with motherfuckers. I am not the one, I'm not the one, the two, the three, the four, the five. I will not go back and forth with you. It is a one sided beef in your mind. You are irrelevant to me at that point. Once you reveal who the fuck you are. Noted. And that's it. And we go back and we are not going back and forth. I do, I'm not doing that. So, but no one, And I'm, and I'm, and also I'm not, I'm not coming down off my throne. I'm just not. That's just my, that's just my, my way of doing things. It always has been. I've always like always wanted to like remain, you know, poised and composed and dignified in the face of anything that gets thrown at me.


No matter what It is. Sometimes It is a little difficult to do. I'm here. Yeah. But I play into it. You know what I'm saying? What if, but that's, that's who I am and how I've always been. What If there's another throne? Like what if there's a person that's on the throne as well, on the same level of throne as you. So then now you they gotta watch a throne. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, like what if somebody is as famous or even famous sir than you and they talk about you, you still more famous nigga. More famous, not famous, sir. Thank you nigga. Wake up nigga. I'm I'm listening to you more famous than you. You still wouldn't address it because doesn't, when you say I don't want to address something, is it because you feel that you are above them? Not like that, but above that.


Above it. Above it. Sorry. Above It. Thank you. Yeah. But what if somebody's on the same? Like who is, It's it's, it's not even what Halle Berry Issue. It's not necessarily the person, it's the circumstance. She's Gonna mute up nigga. What you think. What if Halle talked about you like that bitch Melyssa Ford. She would never But What if though? She would never. I just Told you. So she'd be, why would she mute up? Because it's Holly. She would never, you wanna know why? Because Halle is the exact same way. There's sometimes where I'm just like, what would Halle Berry do in this particular Situation? I thought I thought of that shit the other night too. Where were you with the computer open? How would Halle, What Would Halle Do?


What? Monster ball nigga. That's what she'll do. Yeah, nigga. Yeah, I caught a little, made me feel good. I call a little. Made me feel good. Oh yeah. I was hanging on that nigga, but me too. Yeah. Ass Billy. Billy Bob? Hell yeah. I think he put it in. Yeah, I think so too. I think he put it in. I did. Oh Shit. No, they had the tape there, But yeah, I'm not, I'm I'm breaking tape. You are. You would've been, you would've been just come home just now actually came out. You would've been just welcome home. E fuck you talking about? Nigga? You can't break tape. Nigga tape. She's fire son. What? That Was nuts. That's what I said. That scene was nuts.


Would you have, would you have done a scene like that ma'am, with him? She did one The Wilma val. No, it was not the same. But he had the Tape you said? Yeah. Oh yeah. He had the, no, he had the sock on his deck and I had the taped fucking Oh, It wasn't even taped down No sock. Oh, he ain't got no meat. What nigga Don't need no tape. Yeah, that's hay. That's That was crazy. All my back Tube. Yeah. Tube socking nigga. The ankle shit. Would you have done with That nigga had a no show? Am I getting an academy award after that? Oh man, I don't know if you get an Academy Award, would you have done it?


Yo, you was going, Ooh, I in your C. Oh God, it's so humiliating. I hope This shit never sees the Fucking murder. Yo, please release that. Y'all gotta release that. I ain't read it, yo. Oh my Gosh. That's hilarious though. Embarrassing. But yeah, of course I'm acting like I'm having the time of my life fucking this dude. But That's hate nigga Billy Bob Thorn could be probably hanging to his knee nigga. Well, I mean he had Angelina Joe Lee for you know. How long were they married? Like a while? Four years. He was married. Angelina. This thing used to, they like that. Yeah, They used to wear vials of each other's blood around their neck. They Was on, they was on some other shit. Thought they was bugging. Literally they got to like the red carpet of an award show and he was like, yeah, we just ended, we just stopped like, you know, exit the stage left.


Yeah, no. He was like, we were just fucking in the car and she's just all over him. Like per like, shit was crazy. So he must got something going on. Wow. Why he must, who the fuck is she? Let's Go bitch Angelina fucking Jolie at that time. That don't mean her shit rocking. Yeah, she might just be a attractive woman. She might be A cute chick with some trash box. It's a bunch of mountain. Oh Shit. Like Billy Bob gotta be slinging to get bag. That's, Hey, I'm not, I'm not, I'm saying like he wasn't Movie called Sling blade. What? I'm not. It's true. A lot of women listen, a lot of us do that. We put women on certain pedestals simply because they look good. You get 'em.


They trash kaka. That's true. That's absolutely true. Not just, but she might not be, not just BodyWise, just they open they mouth. It's like, ah, kaka, you're trash. Like what am I doing here? I don't think that that was the rumor. Oh well I don't think that was the case with Her, but I, everybody's head Don't be right. She was like a wild little Know mix. Mix. I could believe mix. She was a mix Trying to find Good word. Yeah. Niggas are fucked. Betty White nigga Niggas will fuck a pie. Don don't fuck the hole in the wall, Nigga. Fuck Betty White bro. I gotta give niggas Hot. Who? Betty White's dead Rest in peace Still. Fuck that said, Oh Shit.


Holy shit. She drinking. She doesn't look too highly. Check the she drinking again. Someone check the teeth. What the fuck? She Don't, I'm Telling you it's just water. I'm not, I, I'm talking about was alive. When I, when I say I'm just God, that don't mean rest In peace. Baby wife, Prison company excluded. You know what I'm saying? No, no. I'm saying some sick fucks would do it. Some women Would do it too. What Fix your chin nigga? The, the the disgusting settling thing that women do. Yeah, sure. There's some dirty bitches. Yeah, There's some dirty niggas. Yes. That's what we're saying. But you'll be saying that yo, y'all are just stick y'all dick in a Coca-Cola bottle. Didn't spin it Around. Didn didn't say all but why? But why? Listen, listen. All we all got fetishes and fantasies and we all stick our dick.


Like sometimes, sometimes you may wanna fuck a fat bitch. Okay. Sometimes you may wanna fuck a ugly bitch. Sometimes you may. No for real p okay. Hey y'all, I saw the other day, I never dealt with a, a big a plus size woman. I didn't. But I saw the other day, one looked good on Twitter and I said, ah, if I wasn't married, would I explore these regions? It'd be two big yo y feel wrong saying that as a big guy It'd be two pigs in the, No, I don't, you don't feel like you shouldn't be judging having sex with a big girl if you're a big guy. I'm gonna say that was my, first of all, I'm about to lose weight. I'm about to go. No, I'm about go Next week. Say oem. Fuck your vision for real, Man. I don't give a fuck nigga. Nigga get me lazy.


Why you think male wearing 'em dumb ass glasses? Shut the fuck up. Oh Shit. Shit This Fuck, I'm not wearing the now Mr. You know I can't. That was him last week. He couldn't say shit. He could See what? I had one contact the the other day. Oh. Oh Shit. I used to do That back in the day. Why you put one contact in you on some freak one fellow on some freak shit, son. Like come on baby, look me in this eye. I love you so much. I take this contact. You know when you get in trouble you start doing shit, I slap myself. No I don't do that. Fair. It is, that's the top Ish. If you like, you beg nigga beg for you. Like you beg for forgiveness. Coochie not for coochie. No, it's different. Pay attention what I'm saying. Beg for forgiveness, not for pussy.


I don't think you beg. I think that you would go above and beyond if you get caught in something. I'm sorry, yo, what the fuck? I don can see that. I can see it. What I gotta do, I can see a little bit. Nah, I'll drink this lemon juice. I drink this whole of vinegar. What? That's a nasty too. Yeah, I'm drinking. You don't even dute. It is I'm drinking right now. Hold it for real. Keep real. Tell me. Excuse me. No, don't do that. You don't beg. I never really been. When's The last time you had to apologize for Yo dog? Why y'all want me to be, Y'all so bad been beg Ish? I I haven't begged like that. That really, I never really been in those situations where I had the beg Did You call the phone more than 20 times in the day?


Yeah, I did that. Okay. Did you leave voicemails? I doubt it. Okay. Now yo was, I've cr I came up here and said I lost 30, 30 pounds over This shit. He did. He did. Why the fuck would I not sit up here and say, yo, I begged the chick to come back to me. I never really had an opportunity that, that that Presented itself. He got this nigga has to feel like he's the illest nigga in the world to never beg a chick. No dog. What? He, Because the niggas, most times when they do the bank shit and the cry, it'd be fake. My cries was real. Fuck you talking about? Nigga niggas be, yo You Was it too big? No nigga, my shit was real. I fucked up out here. You know what I'm saying?


So it, I never had a i the bank shit never really presented itself to Parks. If you ever baked before, Honestly. Yeah, I'm sure. I can't think of a time off top. If you married and your fucking girl is bagging up a girls nigga and passing them along, that's Yo Sam, You live a great life. I I do live a great life. Like look Your face. I'm, I know Costa. What Happened nigga? Your fake is turned the same shit as that red shit next to you, nigga. Good. I heard what happened in Costa Rica. Rem bagging women. She did. She's the ultimate wing woman. Holy Shit. She ain you. She great. Yeah. Why wouldn't I be? I Don I listen.


That's, That's hate. Who Nigga, nigga can't tell flip Shit. Word. Wait, Hold up. That was a secret. It's not a secret. We don't care. The world ain't No, I think that's fly. First of all, I think you have to. I I, I appreciate that Parks is comfortable in, in his relationship and his marriage to not a lie. You would Have an issue with your girl bagging Girls. Never. I wouldn't. But For your friends too. Thunder, Thunder, thunder cast Ho What that, What does that mean? What does that Mean? I don't know. I can't say what it mean. No, I wouldn't have a problem with it if my wife went over there to got some girls from my friends. I wouldn't, I wouldn't mind that. But what I'm saying, I have to look at it a little bit.


Some playing chops. What the fuck is that? That's What It is. It's your stupid ass ringer nigga. You got, you got a childs ring. Oh, chimes in the booth. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. Duh. Sorry. Just happened at a really appropriate time. So no. So what I'm saying is that I think it's great that you like, you're just confident about it and, and you Yeah. And you and you embrace that. Yeah. Some men don't embrace it. Some men are extremely controller. I'm not. My wife went over there and got a friend from one of my man's. Yo, I think that shit is Fine. Yeah. Corey was over there. He dolo, she was trying to help out. He ain't got no gang rem sa. He had no gang, wasn't getting nowhere with the ya mean couldn't. So she said, yo, I don't speak Spanish.


Yeah, gang don't gotta be verbal. So what was up, yo, I don know don't Speak Spanish beat. I got over, You know what I mean? Mommy taso. Yeah. Yeah. I see Grande. Hey, hey, Hey. What grande mean again? You yo, you sick. Fuck That loan. You yo, you, I mean that 10 grand when it came right here. You know what I mean? Now you a good wingwoman. We've had this conversation. Okay? Oh yeah. I I I think that I am. Oh, you're the worst wing woman. I, I'm Not. I think I could see Mel. Really? I'm a great wing woman. Hey Girl, you that guy over there. I don I think It, it would depend on the Situation for her.


I agree with his name is Imani. I'm a Great woman And he is alone. And girl, you and him. I think if it was someone that she didn't want, he Got, he gets testosterone and That she had like faith in being a good guy, she would be a good wing. He'll get steroids. I don't Think she would blindly be a good wing woman. Nah, I think Mel might. Ooh, On fault. I think so. I think she need a half a cup of sip. Well that may be true actually too. A half a cup. Yo. We talking about Molo Mel? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. A half a cup. She might What? Martinelli belly. Hey yo, please put your hat back on. Why? I ain't gonna lie. You like a whole new person without the hat bus. Your chase color? No. Yo. Your shit is white Like me. You need some lotion nigga. You are white. Nigga You are white.


Gimme your hair. My complexion, yo. Oh, Oh Shit. Put my head man. What is that? You is bleaching your shit like the Jamaican Me I bleach me. I, me, I bleach nigga. Okay. Yo. No, now's more white. This shit whiter now. Yeah. You you, I thought, I thought that Was 10 lotion Mel. Not that bleaching cream too. What? It's not bleaching cream. What's that? It's, it smells like chocolate. Right Girl. Don't put these freak ass these freak ass lotions that you use as the sex smell throw on me. It smells You the chocolate lotion. You gotta put your hat on. Yeah. Chocolate, chocolate Lotion. I never heard of that. You want some free shit? You took Cocoa butter to a new level? Yeah, It's oh well anyways.


You can't Read it. Hey yo. She put some bullshit on me. It Is nice. I should start burning. No, It is. You think she'll be a good wing woman? I do. For women or for men? No, for women. No. To bag the women. Yes. No, I mean meaning like would she be able to bag a man for her friend? No. No. For all girl. No. No. Mel. No. And I'm not doing that shit. Mel Want the nigga? Mm, not necessarily. It's all right. Not necess. Want the niggas man. I'd be a good wing winner for a guy. I don't think if it's a room full of baddies. I think your ego kicking yo, I don't think I could do that. I ain't never do that. I don't think. What's that? Yes I did. I did it for 20 help someone else get some pussy. I toy one time. Oh no.


Like helped none of my homegirls get no dude. Oh, I've done that plenty of times I've done that. I've helped my nigga. I've helped my niggas get girl. You know what I mean? Yeah. But I don, but I did. I I hope one of my homegirls get bagging nigga. One time. Yeah. I got a lot of homegirls. Me too. So a million. So hang out. I'm a hundred percent being a person to put her onto Somebody. Yeah. I definitely do. It's just told Mel earlier that he has a sugar daddy for Mel. And quiet about the sugar daddy before the pause. Saw that Yo, you going? Was that? No, I did not. Oh, Oh, oh God. All I did was they, y'all recorded it. I Oh Shit. This nigga here, you get wrong with you. You know, All I said was you were saying One of my old head contractors call me for, for the new year.


Whatever, whatever. So he always talking about girl something like he got this young Spanish girl, he got, y'all gotta come up around your way. Yeah. My little young thing. I gotta go drop some money off. So I said Mel, I got, I got a sugar that I got. You know what I mean? Mel wouldn't know what to do with a sugar daddy. The fuck I wouldn't, Mel would not Mel fucked up. No, the Sugar daddy, She would, hold On. What are the terms? Thank you. What are the terms? It has caveats To it. Make whatever he says, Never See. Do whatever he says. Fuck outta here. Ain't no money. No honey. Exactly. Submission. Okay, listen. Okay. Submission. We, listen, we're getting very, very close to, you know, escort prostitution. He, He give, he give you a 50, $15,000 you question.


Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. $15,000 a month allowance. $15,000 a month allowance. What does that get him? Be honest, ma'am. He can come watch me. Masturbate The fuck you let a nigga hit for free. Hey nigga Are get the fuck off me bitch That they had to get shot Up. Check your inbox. Check Your inbox. It's Coming. Don't touch me. You, Why would you say that? You know she was a 15,000 Melyssa.


If a nigga give you 15,000 a month, his only thing he gets to watch, he's, he's, let's say he's 65. He only gets to come and watch you masturbate. Melyssa Ford, It's 65. This shit probably ain't working anyways. It's working. You get a little pill. Hey, that's hate Mel. Okay. Hmm. Dinners Okay. You can see that You cooking or he gotta go out There out to dinner. Melly cooking shit. Nigga can't get no Turkey wings. Get you 15 a month Fish to, okay. Is that what he wants? Do you Want milk cooking for you? He wants a home cooked meal. No, he Wants to have sex. If you got 15 extra grand a month, do you want milk for you?


No. You wanna go, You wanna go out to Michelin rated restaurants and I am fabulous. I can Cook for me a 65-year-old nigga want home cooked meal. If you can afford, If you can afford a $15,000 allowance, you can also afford a chef. Mel, I want a Homecooked meal from you. Okay. This is, this is, This is becoming a little fascistic, you guys Okay, Hold on, hold on. Let's, let's get some clear. So stupid. If The guy, if the guy is trying to get Mel per se, her he's, he's most likely not just getting it because he wants to actually engage. He wants, he's using her as arm candy. He wants to go Outside. She's namesake so he wants to bring her outside.


So most likely he's going to want to bring her out to dinners. Right. Sometimes. And he wants to food who? Most of the time. So when we get in that Uber, She can't cook for her. Now what Uber You got $15,000 a month to give me See what? I'm A fucking driver. Wait, hold on. Stop. Wait, don't do that. But wait, you trying to say nigga not True. She's right. She's right. She's not right. She's Right. Let's say for the sake of when the black truck pull up. Yeah, what? Pull out The little thing on the floor. The The little thing out his, Oh Shit. It is nasty. Yo, y'all, I was gonna say that little runner situation along the side of the car, My nigga, she gotta keep, alright, Hold, stop.


So what's the price? No, Never bother. This is a nasty segment. Let's turn, I swear nasty. Turn channel Look, turn the channel. That's not, I know we're just, we're Just, yeah, that's not, I'm saying this, that every Time I get around guys, they just wanna number On my bullshit deal. Man. It happens a lot. Really? Yes. If I had a sugar mama gimme 10,000 A month. Like every guy, the how much would it cost? I'm not selling my vagina. Well no, but Well this is what my number would be. I'm like that's why you don't have a vagina. You wouldn't have any respect for it Now You Right. My little shit would be all lie. Y'all Poors out here. My my 15, my, my little pty be out here getting Nigga vaginal rejuvenation Nigga.


Yeah, I pay for it. Yeah. Yeah. Vaginal. It is just one Thing. What? You too nigga you crazy. Your shit wouldn't be loose For fitting. You got a couple of customers, not just one My shit. Then gimme 10 nigga. My shit be like this IES freedom. Turn them off On top of what I'm Making already. Yeah. Nigga freedom nigga. Three customers a month. It is 30,000. Come on. Three customers a month. You right. Corey's Right. Okay. So we are establishing that y'all are escorts in this story, right? No. No, not I said Yes for sure. Yes, absolutely. Okay. I talking about use me. Yeah. My body.


Do what? You must, you want a sandwich? You have to Now I'm with you. Now I'm with you Mel. These niggas Is hos here. I mean, and when you had Yo he is bullshit. You just, no he not. He's not. It is just said something to Mel out there about something else. Oh yeah. Was like, oh, you trying to tell me you wouldn't do. He already assumed that no matter he was bitching The prior I told Mel, I told Mel, you trying to tell me you didn't do X, Y, and Z. She said no. Yeah. Right. You didn't believe it. Cool. I Don't believe it. And because that person has an extraordinarily, That's Not why high net worth. That's not true. And he's famous. That's not why I said that. Okay. That's not why I said that.


That's only, that's only. So let's take the three, let's take three female equivalents of that. Dude, hold on. No, no. Let's take three female equivalents. They get fuck for free. Cool. Thank God. Pay me. They getting fucked for free. And we gonna take three female. See where my, see where it differs. I'm not saying it's for the for the for for the s Spanky. But what if they're willing to pay? I don't, I don't even know. How quick do you send the account number and the routing number? I Don't want they burden, He doesn't wanna feel like he's a hoe. Oh Shit. Or he's being used. That's Ish. Wasn't feel like Ish was a hoe as a man for he getting nothing outta it. But he was a Control of the body. Your dog. I didn't even let girls buy me gifts like that. Imani. Yeah, He has said that. What you talking about? But we talking, I do. We talking about you in female form.


I'm talking, you said do the equivalent, flip it and say it's three women that are the equivalent of that gentleman. We Have different morals as men. We have different morals as men's that we won't have as women. So yes, you won't feel comfortable accepting gifts as a man, but as a woman, you would 100% be taking a gift. Maybe, maybe not. I'm not saying that you, you may be right. I'm not disagreeing with you. What I'm saying is, when I asked Mel that question, it wasn't predicated on homeboy having no bread, It was just off of him. Period. Listen to this. I know Mel, right? Mel likes nicer things. Right? If a nigga that male finds physically attractive, which homeboy is right, we can all say he's a handsome dude. Sure. Cool.


That's the debatable to people. There's some women that don't, that don't, I'm just telling you, go Ahead. For the sake of this conversation, He's Attracted. Yeah. Cool. So now me and Mel start engaging in conversation. Right. Mel's digging a nigga. Okay, cool. We gonna go to some dope restaurants. But that nigga He take to, yeah. Now he you going to the shit, shit. What we talking about? No, You right. I I'm with you. So You, now I'm gonna have you, I'm gonna have you on the cliff with the roof overlooking us and fuck the, the Mediterranean is right, man, I saw some shit yesterday, dog. It Sounded like where we was at in Costa Rica. Yeah. Like when, yo, I saw some shit yesterday on the gram. These niggas have a hotel room that is literally under the water. I saw that too.


You are underwater. The fish are swimming above your head. I'm cool. Oh, hard too. That's, I'm cool on That. I'm kind of, it's kind of scary. Yeah, I'm good. I'm gonna keep it a buck. If these niggas had the oxygen mask in the room, I'm spending the night. Nah, I'm cool. Nah, guess who's You spending the night? So you think that because somebody buys you something extravagant or didn didn't say they Booked you shit. Whoa, whoa. I didn't say bullshit. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Takes you on the PJ takes you to some fly. It takes you to Bosque, takes you to fucking Paris, takes you to fucking Thailand. And then there's a glorious fucking villa and all This shit that he's guaranteed My panties is off pussy. I'm sure What I said, what I, I prefaced all this with quick And most men think, see of course I'm not, I Prefaced this with He's an attractive dude and you are digging him.


I didn't just say he was a nigga that you didn't hold no interest in. You're digging the guy. We grown my nigga. After a certain point, some good conversation and some physical attraction and we get along, we fucking, I'm Talking This lady Ish. Okay. There is a, there is definitely a distinct possibility. There has also been circumstances I've been here where Niggas could talk their way off some box in a Heartbeat. Not even, not even talk their way out of it. It just was not going to happen because I decided that get on the pj I Never experienced that in life. Sorry. I Okay. Me neither. To be honest with you. Get on the PJ that they arranged land. Yo, get to the hotel suite.


My panties was off at the car ride to the pj. Right. I got you staying in the beautiful ass hotel. Get there. There's Rose petals all laid out. Teeter. Did they try to have sex with now I got, I got a good thing. We gonna talk about this all Pop. Hold on. Wait, did they, did they try to have sex or they didn't try? What does that mean? Good Question. Flip. That's a good question. What does it mean try You. It's a different, We got back nasty. We got back nasty, dude. No, No, no. This is a good conversation. Him trying is him actively trying To, pursuing to, You know what I mean? Like y'all star fondling and all that shit. And he pushed heavy, heavy petting. Yes. And, and you, and you rejected.


You said no, not now. I don't necessarily say no. Oh, okay. Respect. Alright. You can Say, can say no without verbalizing. Well, That's why I think It is in jail now. Bitch, It is Wrong with you. With yo, we gotta, I got island On. We gotta move on. We can probably play sleepers. Sleepers. I'm sure there's something someone has slept on. Oh, right Now. Y They we're back. Yeah. Crazy. What's, what's the order? I feel like it's Parks. Oh, I'll set it off. You gotta go first. I, so even though I'm sitting the chair, I still gotta go last. You never even set Me a sleeper do you? A sleeper thank Exactly. You got a Sleeper?


Yeah, I do. But Parks can go first. What? What's that? What's her name? Did Nala black man. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. What she put up? No, Ponder River. Whoa. I been talking to her lately though. She's doing pretty well. Talk To you, talk to A lot of people. Shout to Shut Talk to a lot of people. I do. Yeah. I Know you do too. You Do it live. I do. You do it live though. You don't talk, you talk to a lot of men. I do. You do? Yeah. I don't be seeing Them. I'm trying, I'm trying to help men become more content creators and entrepreneurs. That's True. That is true. That's true. Okay. Alright. Yeah, I'm trying to help men and, and I'm trying to help men and people become content creators.


That's, that's my bag word. Yeah. What Kind of content? Great content That's subjective for That. Like content, you know, and be entrepreneurs. I have a studio. I own my own studio. That's True. But that, that's, that's piece. I own my own company. Now answer the question. What type of content? Just to be comfortable in your skin and be able to have confidence to get people to do things, to participate and support your movement. To have investors like Shark Tank. Yeah. Yeah. You Know what I mean? What kind of skin? Huh? I get tiger skin. So that's when you talk to, to the guys, when you talk to women, which I, y'all talk about the same thing, right? Yeah. You're trying to get them comfortable in their Skin too. Trying to get them comfortable in their skin.


Right. Listen, when I talk to women, I'm talking to women strictly about business. That's true. You, you guys should be ashamed of your skin. Respect that, you know what I mean? The problem is that you guys are perverts. You know, I could be, I'm a married man that has a network of different people that comes around the, from, from around the world just to participate in activities that I put on to entertain the world. That's True. That's true. No doubt That's true. Thank you. So do you Oh, oh, I mean that's the porn industry. Joe was calling. You want, you want the, the Cable? Lemme get the cord. Hold on bro. Hold on. This nigga calling for nigga. Yo. You got a picture of a man on your phone? That's Joe. Man. Picture come up. Hello? Yo.


Yo. What up? Hello? Yeah. Yo. Yo. What's up? What's up nigga? Nothing. I'm, I'm calling to check on y'all. Y'all good? Y'all good over there? Are you good? Are you good? Wait, hold on. So we can't get our shit off like, you know, we be doing good without you, but you just had to call up and, and and rain on our parade. I, I don't know what's going on. I'm just making sure everybody's all right. We good in good health, good spirits. Happy New Year. Happy happy New Year. Happy New Year. Oh, big Mel. Who do you, who they talking about? Nothing much. Yeah. Yeah. What's up? How, how you feeling? Mel got Jada kiss. Let's go Mel. Fuck they talking about? God Damnit. How you fucking know everything? Y'all got that Jada kiss? Let's go fuck Sake. Oh, that's why you did do an interview, But yeah, can I, Can I don't try to, don't do that.


Who's that? Amani Don't do that. Oh, she that price. She did, don't Do that. Excuse me. What'd you say? Don't do that. Oh, that's right. She did do it. Janet Came up there and did some pullups. Can I have anything like I just, I didn't know that. It is the element of surprise. I didn't know that. Okay. Yes, it was wonderful. How are you, how are things going post Peruse right over that Good man. I'm Chilling. I'm over here at the nude beach. Yo. Listen to, to Marcus Houston In my, in my bag. You you sound very happy. Yeah, I'm happy man. That is weird. That is good all the time. Yo. You at the nude beach right now? Is Nashville. That was funny. That was funny son. That was hilarious. A lot of people calling your friends and saying that.


You know, tell Joe put some clothes on. What? I think that's hilarious. Nigga Nigga's phone went crazy for whole whole fucking three, four days. You Talking about niggas Calling. Listen, I'm here for all the jokes. The jokes we know we jokes is cool. We know. And when I get back we, we back, we back to the jokes. All of that's cool. Oh, that's happening. Gotcha. You wanna do the jokes? With the jokes and I'll deal with the serious side of it outside of airwaves, But yeah, no, we all right man. I just wanted to hear y'all voice. I miss y'all today. Miss y'all miss you too Ish. What's up nigga? Yo, You, you in the United States Ish? What's up? Yeah. Yeah. Y'all can hear me? Yeah. Nigga, I just asked you Yo itch. What's up Yo, what's your problem?


What's your problem? Finn? Flip is itch. There He right here. He talking to you nigga. I can't hear him. Talkish. Why? Why, why can't you hear me? There you go. Project when you checking on your man project, when you care, when you care about your man, worry. What is wrong with you? Rumors out there, man. What They talking about? I don't listen to that. Yo, your, your, your state side or you Oh yeah, I mean, yeah, no, no, I'm, I'm, I'm stateside. Oh, okay, okay, okay. I'm, I'm stateside man. Came, came back, came back, thought I was gonna head to work, but had to hit the nude beach real quick. But I'm alright. I'm, I'm, I'm On America so That's nasty.


Yo. You are an idiot. Yo. Nigga said are you in that nude Yet? Yo? Yeah. Man. Yo. Did you see the Nah nigga? Nah nigga, the weak nigga. Call me Joe. Joe unbuttoned crazy. Oh man. Yo, my phone won't stop ringing. All right nigga, we gotta show to get back to nigga. Like you good? Yo. Welcome. Flip Welcome back. Yo. Hey. Oh come on. Yo, you did that. Welcome back Big dog. 2025. I thought I would never see you again. We right back. You try to kick me out nigga. They can't stop us.


It is a forever thing to the end. To the wheels fall off nigga. So stupid new clothed. We Here. We happy to half fake. We happy to hear your voice. We happy that things are going well nigga. We got some big some work to do. So we will see you next week. Okay? What? What? Let me hear you clearly project your voice nigga. Your phone went out. You Going bare? I, I said fuck y'all. But I love y'all and shout out to the fans for all the love and support. Thank you so much. I Bet they have support. Thank you so much to all of the pan. That's All I got. Idiot yo. Bye Man. Bye. Keep your pants On one One.


We love this nigga Good to his voice. Had to go to the nude beach. That's Shit. All right. Park sleepers man. Gimme The score back please. Oh Shit. My fault i's all good. Whoa girl. Be touching my phone but I'm on permission. Girl's all fill your yourself. You got some shit to Do. I did not see anything. Oh Yeah. I'm gonna start with Joey Badass. The ruler's back. There we go. That conductor getting work. Shit Already Took some shots. I mean That's right. It feels so good to be back man.


I'm back baby. My papa the man. Hey yo. Moved out the city co the house in the sticks. Couple acres, couple whips. Whole lot of SI got options baby. Take your pick. Motherfucker ran and coordinate the fit. Take a This my life and film baby. Y'all just fight the spread Mr. Willy put that on. They be counterfeit. I'm taking calculated risk too. Legit quick against you nigga. Zach made it quickest rules to This shit. Hold up. I got murals in my city fucking nomination this for every time they left me out the conversation. I'm back by popular demand and war domination. I'm finna bomb.


Niggas playing fresh off my vacation. I was sitting back watching for an eagle lie trying not to react. Just gimme one reason I swam on full attack East coast nigga till I die is Clay. Who? The Eric Pen. King of VY nigga straight like that. Come on. Told y'all niggas are back. Come on. Yeah The Ruler is back baby. Hey y'all Too much West Coach Dick Licking. I'm hearing nigga stolen rocks really ain't shit sticking because if we talking bar for bar It is Slim Pickens a rap like I draw pentagrams and kill chickens nigga fuck around.


Which is so like eat the quick fall feature. This that black gear full synergy coming out the speaker. I'm out to reach your arms to sort the box to Eim still Ring to rap. Supreme MEO had a dream. I stand taught in this rap thing like y'all m and one stop to the crowd sing. When I'm Crown King, my old screaming my style ring. This ain't boom bap nigga. This that boom bow bing. We could run the fair one. I knew some real hit this but I ain't never fear nothing. Guess it's just a Brooklyn in me. They must not know where I'm from. Oh that they nowhere near done with you nigga. You fucking stupid. That's Joey Badass The Ruler back.


That was dope. That's dope. I don't think that's really shots though. I Could see that's just, I can see why niggas, I could see why niggas are offended though. Some people just taking it too far. It's not that Serious. Yeah I don't, I don't think he was like dead ass. He Got his shit off. I, I would agree. I don't think he was just talking his shit. I'm going to Big Jersey, big Jersey, the biggest of jerseys. Paul's it's lighted up. It's Redman. Latifah Lords of the Underground. Naughty By Nature. Nikki D Heather, B Lady Luck. So everybody from Jersey but Joe basically. Damn. Okay. Basic basically and Fe Wap. Yeah. I mean that's Impossible. Yeah. Yeah.


But yeah that's it. Fe nah he's not homie. Nah. Oh. Shout to Fe though. Light it up. The 2025 we in a fucking building. Let's go Jersey. Hey Yo. I told my mom when I was 16 I was going to get brick over for 16. I never sold a brick. Put the bricks on my back. Don believe I let it go to the clip clean. The hustle was the flow as skinny black and my recipe to cook. Can Siri that I'm from New Jersey and when I drop music your hood feeling like it's the first and the third. My two shooters come through with two rugers. Leave them in a stu while I smoke some dude hookah in my see-through dress with a er somewhere in Aruba.


Spend money like a mossa in and out on they ass. Think I'm the super get in my eighties bag calling them Poopa about to wash these bitches. Get the loa here and now give me the reason. Bitch I'm loose. Yo. Light it up. Light it up. Light it up. Light it up. Light it up. Light it up. Light it up. Light it up, light it up. Light it up. Yo. Proceed with caution 'cause you might get pushed. I'll be smoking on your pack like that. OG Kush see me separate causing people to debate. Never seen so much hitting on this garden state. Great. True fighter with a few snipers so hard. You think I'm using Ghost Rider Told you before get motherfucker off Lock that shit copying kit.


Drop that slip, pick it up, bite it, popped the hip. Pop pass Ignite it. Eighties Dungeons Gun just he was street flee call address issues. What's in your ass if shoot fits you? This my dog's eye. This you think of it. You cannot kick it. Jersey Juujitsu. Let light it up. Light it up, light it up, light it up, light it up, light it up, light it up, light it up, light it up. Light it up. Whoa Big Shaq pull up in the most. Just Go Shaq Turn 1 billion the ghost East west title to the coast on the house. Spiders in the ghost. Keep a player. Continental brick city monumental tiger Blood. You know we winning in Miami length.


Tony in the linen. I'm standing on my 10 and 40 below. Tim better keep This shit of bricks. So you know I'm not one of them starting five. Stood in the five. I let you breathe in the fourth and the fifth. Bitch I'm from 89. When niggas that your size and bitch still you right in you hair while you high get your shovel bitch. I'm on another level bitch nigga. See moving. Light it up. Light it up. Light it up. Light it up. Hey light it up. Light it up. Light it up. Light it up. Let's go light it up. Light it up. Light it up. Orange tip. Haha. Za in the bricks by my side is Allah. One wave of the wine. It's magic. Voila Screams in my husband town song. I got opera ball claims no ua Do it all 10 down.


Check the posture of a monster that's behind y'all. I live well from Thea Crush off the plane from abroad. Almost forgot my name. They kept calling me Lord about send us to the hall. The legacy is secure. That's flex on the wall and it's cashing the ball in your aunties in the passenger seat of a car. We'll be back tomorrow. I'm about to hit dark telling meet me down a hill with that certified solar dust. 35 million about light it up, light it up, light it up, light it up, light it up. It it, it light it When lucky be spitting you hot. I want the Bible is predicted for the ending where a burn holes old school, new school need to learn no hop like a third mo cup.


Yo yo up ambulance and fire trucks gonna pick them up If they they ever wanted to trust. You know how Queen do no words might mean you no time for the Sea Goat Sweet Goat. Damn. You know Shout with bully though. Lemme Calm down. We On 20 Mc It, it up. Light it up, light it up. It, it, it, it it up. Church breaks. Worst big clip of lift Off Shake Be do be Rob Purple line course.


We endorsed every element from residents with the Bo squad President Raycast Magnum stolen black books crossing our toys and destroy any whack crook. Me and Tam was a tandem artifact band Stood up B, c, d and Eve half. Whitney meet the G and Me God body and his image and his likeness. Your highness with bonds and alignment bru. I'm the light setting. The camera bru. Don't blame me. I voted Kamala bru miss me. What he say? And she say just gimme my morning. What's that in the with the reefer is a flavor shock in LA Channel Live in your speaker came through with the teacher. Got more knowledge than Mona Lisa here.


Smelly aroma in a coma a good time. The to the AK Friday Light up City light up. Light it up, it up. Light it up. Hey, light it up, light it Light as light it up by the entire state of New Jersey. Shout to Redman. Muddy Waters two is out now. It's like an hour and a half long. It's 30 something songs. And And that album and album It sounded, it sounded good Heard. And that album is not bad for You. There's a couple, there's a couple joints on there. Yeah, that album ain't bad. Oh my bad. Shout to Rod Digger too. Oh, shout to Digger for sure. For sure. I hit Her about one of her lines. Which One? So want she show up in the see-through still rocking the like yo.


Fair for real? Yeah. Rod Digger is dope. Shout to Rod Digger. Rod Digger be on Patreon too. Yeah, She do. She do. That's dope. Yeah, for was Mel. Mel what you playing Mel? So I don't know if anybody played this. I don't think so. Oh boy. Fuck off. I didn't say a word, Pam. All right. It's called I'm Baby and it's by Ombre featuring Jack James. This is the Acoustic version. Did you play this? I we played the whole Ombre Man. Discography? Yeah. Well this Acoustic version. Yeah, this is, I've never heard this.


I've been climbing trade places. This real estate the way we move. I won't complain. I I won't Complain. You want me to give you is for you don't want miss the Man. Come Tonight, I'm let you but you gotta your plate save no one it up like that.


I how love when you call me baby? Love When you call me baby. Love. When you call me baby love. When you call me baby turn around be submissive. Even though you know I talk big shit and I peep shit. I'm a tin to, I love when you call me baby, I'm baby.


So impress Does he get off if it ain't beating your deep in your legs? Yeah, I'm different but I'm gifted. Say but I'm addicted. I don come on. No, no Responsibility. I'm sure you know how I feel when you call my name up like I know how to play.


Call baby. Call Baby. Call baby. Call baby. Turn around talk big shit. And I she, I'm a call Call Submissive picture. And I That's Ombre and Jack James baby the Acoustic version. That was fine. That was dope.


I'm playing Beyonce's deja Vu yo. For all you niggas in my mentions. Fuck y'all. I don't care. I said what? I said but why'd you pick this song because it's slept on that Slept on. No one's ever heard this ever. Oh away. Why didn't you play Drunken Love? Nah, this is my shit. Ready. Okay Let's Go get 'em. Come on. I used to run bass like re now run the bass high hat in a snare. I used to back girls like Turkey bags Now back B. Are You hurting that Brooklyn babe with it birth me? Yeah. Now be everywhere to nerve wrap. The audacity to have me looking curtains back. Me and bey about to sting.


Stand back Everywhere. I don.


So let it go. Yes Ho Flow so unusual baby girl you should already know it's HO. Light up bro because you going need help. Try to study my bounce flow. Flo, what's the difference one you taking being while the other you sniffing it still dope. Copo try to convict them. That's a no go my go. Keep the scale tape been like fo like up from the H-O-U-S-T-O in Blow win.


So Chicago Pam, is he the best ever? That's the argument man. I don't make the list. Don't be mad at me. I just make the hits like a fact. Breed. I'm just wonder one nothing after me. No, just me in my own.


And I Don and I Don and I don. That is Beyonc. Beyonc Dejavu. I've never heard of her.


Never heard. Yeah. Nah. Meaning new artist. Oh yeah. Fire Super Fire Top five. You think that's gonna make up for your transgressions? No. And fuck, fuck these niggas. I said what? I said do we Know why I asked that another time. Do you know what I'm ask about? Do we know why JAY was getting hit in the elevator? But I asked that another time. No, no, no cc. See B Hop come for this nigga. He trying to stir the real shit. Yeah, all I said was she just not nevermind Me. My turn going back to the Caribbean. Nala Blackman? No. Oh My man. Kes Savannah Grass. Oh, okay. Kes a new, new Nala Blackman. Yeah.


No that's, that's Ian man. That's Ian's friend. Respect. Respect your name. They get the popping them hips to this one. We On wall on. Come on. What? Fuck. So quickly Make That is, yeah.


Good Parks. Savannah. Savannah Grass by guess that was fire. That was art. That's fine my time. You like some Caribbean music Parks? What's that supposed to mean? Whoa. Supposed to mean you go, hey yo. That Santos guy got be big up. He getting a lot of bitches in trouble with they husbands. Who? Who? That Spanish guy. Santos. Romeo. Romeo. Oh yeah. Bail. Yo. He whoa. Yeah. Yeah I heard about him through y'all. What he been, he been that nigga he been here for yo all time. What he been him for a long time. What did you see? What did you see or hear? He is kissing women on stage. Lady. He didn't kiss that lady. The lady kissed him. She said shit, no it ain't, you know what she said Nigga, sometimes I just go, I don't say nothing.


Right. Shit. Oh Shit. That's fucked up. Silences of the lamb. Cla nigga is an idiot. No, no for real. Why he like that? He can't do that. He didn't do nothing. He didn't do that nigga. He was just performing. If you go to a Romeo sense of one of the Caribbean niggas, You think it is over. Niggas Fuck that stage. She walked up there with the ding ding out. Ooh, that thing was now. Yeah. Yeah. He knew why he put on stage. Yeah. Hey yo, listen dope episode. Y'all grab some great, great episode. Let a nigga go. Shout to Ericson man. Shout to E. I got a shout to G Man. Always. I came here today, nigga was sitting there running what we doing today?


He said you doing, he started directing me and shit, but he was just looking at me smiling. Shout out to e, shout to Corey. Shout out to you guys man. Ronald applause for yourself. Please man. That, that was nasty. That was hate. No support. What was not was the, what was the applause for? Round applause there for Yeah we doing our job. Shout to Joe. Freeze Miss. You know what I mean? Come back. Yeah. Yeah. Come. Yeah. Salute contract. New contract. Go ahead watch your take out the dinner. Yeah, I know you Got it. Got it. You got raise. Lemme get 10,000. I don, I don't talk my business. I'm not the old SLU wrong. Lemme get 10,000 about business. Yo. Lemme borrow five. I borrow five.


500. You can no five grand. Nah, let get 25 with a key. You get whatever Y niggas want. If Y think's looking your bank bank counts my shit low. You said what? Nah, but It is low anyway. Yo. Now I need powder. Hey, I got you Ish. I got you. Yo. Got you. Don't gotta pay me back nigga. Alright, well yo, that's lovely. You go back. That's what's up. We gonna ride the Albany right now. Gimme the ten first. Gimme the ten first. You gonna get back the he back by the way. Hey yo. Listen dope, dope episode man. Thank you guys for tuning in to us in the Joe button podcast man. Shout to Joe. You know he'll, he'll be here next week. I will be here next week. We love y'all man. And any weekend plans. I'm, I'm recovering from vacation.


Insane. Mad hungry. Look at you. You hungry Jezebel. I'm starving too though. I ain't gonna lie like you. How hungry you are. I almost died in fucking Mexico with food. Poison. I haven't eaten solid food all. And you Good fucking You. I know. Show that stupid. Eh? I'm hungry. She got metal on the toe nigga. You know that metal on the toe this nigga because she is not a beep. Yo, listen QueenzFlip man, we love you guys man. This nigga is crazy. Thank you for tuning to JBP episode 7 88. Not 2 88. Yeah, 2 88 still in Costa Rica. And remember the stagnant women get undressed and hop, hop out, whatever play hop out whenever they go. And the clothes women get fed with Boulevards.


It's the baddies are insecure. The sta stagnant. Women want travel and the close-minded women want you to teach them things. Grab you a Tylenol And the birth control and yeah, the Costa Rica. It goes birth control is the best thing that's ever created Plan B. It is. It is. It is. You have to give credit to the, the the. And I think a white man created that. You know you Lose to white man, a black man, a black man. Yo. I black man did a black man created it Sound like some shit we boo create. Don't yo don't say that yo. What it sound like. So let's go defend your black nigga. Oh Shit. Defend that shit is nigga you get to talk shit about Puerto Rican all the time.


But I can't make fun of us though. Hey yo, we love y'all man. You know what I mean? See you guys next week and I'm here to stay man. I'm sorry. I know we didn't talk about it, but I'm here to stay and I Thank you guys for all the support and Thank you guys, the team for trusting me to lead us to the Promised Land while Joe right here. Go get Patreon. Yeah. And make sure you subscribe the baker. I, yes. I need those numbers to run up so we can, we can run it up. Please man. Freak out. Not on here. I'm talking about Yeah. In life. Yes. Oh yeah. Go man. Go man. I'm too hungry. Hey don't, we're trying to hype somebody.


Say that. Go man. Go man. Go man. No, no this is you ain't dancing with me with that show. I'm mad about that. We talked about that The night. Yo Peace. JBP without the JBPI got up.