
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show. They gonna leave his luggage right here and shit. Headphones. Some headphones up in this piece. All right. All right.


Feeling good. Feeling good. How's everybody feeling? Chilling man. Why y'all go uptight in the face? What's up with y'all nigga? Because it's a day after Thanksgiving here. Black Friday. That's why we tighten the face. It is Black Friday. We wanna be shopping. You tried to walk in with your stuff? Get this out there. Yeah. Ladies hell, It is cold. Yeah, we could have been, we could've been an hour in already. You could. Had you started Had you been dope enough to start? Ah, now you wanna blame us. No. No. Had you been dope enough to start?


I know. So you could come in and say, yo, yo, you erase all that out. Let me go ahead and do this. Goes back. That goes back to my statement. Had you been dope enough to start? If you was dope, I wouldn't come in and say erase all that wax shit y'all just did. No you won't. That tape number, number one, number one, number two. I was on my way here seeing your little post on Instagram. Oh, he's lady. He's lady. He's late. I didn't say nothing. Y'all know I'm in a whole nother state somewhere. Hey, so was I woke up at where you was at another state where? At a different one. Not just did you drive? Yeah. Alright. No, I had to travel through air. Well then you should have planned better You. know what I mean. I did. Same thing you told me last time when I said I might not be here. I did. Was like, well, some of us planned accordingly.


I took a 9:00 AM nine 10 flight. Should have took the seven 10. Right? What wasn't available? What wasn't a PT available? The pj. The very next flight. The pj. Listen. The pj. I took the nine 10. Listen man, all I hear is excuses. Land to that. Yo, I'm just trying to talk to my audience. I'm just trying to talk to my audience, bro. 9:10 AM 9:10 AM Woke up at around six. 6:00 AM Showered. Took the hour drive to Columbia, took the nine 10. Landed at about 10 30. Was that baggage claim by 10 41 and walked in at 11. What?


31? Yeah. Late. Am I the best in the fucking world? No. If you were the best you'd have been here. 10 31. I'm the best in the world at this. You'd be here at 10 31. Now y'all was here, right? Read to the audience. You're amazing board. We don't need a board. That's how Ill we are. Let's read. Let's read this. Amazing stop. We stop that. Let's read the board. I just wanna read the fucking board. We never read the board. Bu ass niggas in. We never read the board. Nigga. Nigga, we never read the I got my reading glasses though. You deflecting nigga. Here we go. From the early bums. Yeah, go ahead. Thanksgiving recap. Yes. Yeah, we ate. It was good.


All right, next. We drank. We ate. Oh, one topic down. One topic down J Cole. Mix tape on streaming. There's only two niggas here to listen. J Cole. Two topics down. That's fast. Ice Cube says Hollywood shut down another Friday. Oh, we grasping it. Drawings at the third topic here. Oh, that's what we got. All right, let's do it. That felt good to you? Huh? Did that feel good? All star. Did that feel good? Do you feel good? You feel good now? You happy? You happy bitch? Nigga deflected mad at us 'cause he late. Yeah, right. Nigga get the work on Timem. We on your ass today.


Y'all can. Y'all can be on my We on your ass today. I'm too for y'all. Be on my ass. Might it up. Let's go. Top. Top of the game. But I overstand they true bizarre land. I hope can Fat mouth. Then I called my baby coffee This Na you feel? Go ahead. You swing. I don't kill solo wi only kill squad to they head. So that was fucked Now y. I seen it coming. Soon as I popped my first bottle, I spot up Enemy. What? I came in with my style. So while Father, I kept changing on the world since barbecue.


Now you want to hang with nigga. I fuck. Bitches are hit. It is funny. Your one said if I ever make a record, I take a check and put something away for a rainy gate to make an exit. But look at me now. Fox Ghetto trying to learn the chapter Yeah.


man, gimme a little break from some of this hip hop shit, man. Lemme get back in my bag right quick. Shout tears for Fierce. We love you. Lot of amazing records made from tears for fears. That's true. Yeah. You better believe it. That's right Here. Get your lip on. Ready. Let's go get that blistex out. Shout to all the white girls listening out there. All The 30 white boys out there. Listen, let's go. Let's go. My my drive.


Everybody That Ain't good the other Day. Shout to all you big back bitches. Hey. And the niggas too. You niggas got big bags out there too. Shout to everybody. That ain't on time the other day. come on now. Talk to my family. Showed out. My family showed out. I think at 3:30 PM Hey, Shout to my trainer, Dotie. Hey, we gonna get to it next week. We next Week my Brother. Hey, shout to the best fans in the world.


All the dj, all Rapper. Y'all Sent them clips flying around you. Rapping. Niggas. You Rapping. Niggas got active. Y'all patron, great Show lined up for y'all. Ratio lined up for y'all. We not going off the board. We going 'cause we them. Let me get these drops out the way really quickly.


You know what I mean. The best in the business. Fuck that boy. We get these drops out of the way. I'm so happy to be here with y'all right now. So happy to be here with y'all right now. Blessed, blessed. He put breath in our lungs this morning. All praise. Do shout out to the niggas that did the, that did the prayer that led the family in prayer the other night. Huh? We got a little longwinded at my house and Aunt Catherine's man, whole family start interrupting the prayer. Like, all right dog. They kept saying amen throughout the nigga's shit. God damn.


Amen. Yo. Yo yo. Amen. My guy. We we Got it. Yo, what episode is this? Seven 80. Welcome To episode 780 of the Joe Button Podcast. Brought to you by Powered By Fueled by Prize Picture. Practice Game. Yep, yep, Yep. I'm your humble, grateful gracious. So happy to be here. Host Joe Button here with a few really amazing people to my right. come on man. You seen her in Central Park? You seen her? Are you seen her in Central Park? Walking the dog in her walk. The dog outfit Yeah. man, you know what I mean? Just something light.


you know what I mean? Just going to a crowded space and my walk The dogs right? Huh? What? I like my walk the dog outfit. It's cute, Mel. Yes. Oh man, I got so many jokes. I know you do. Oh Man. I know you do. I don't know how we feeling. I don't know how far I can go with my jokes. I'm gonna bleep it anyway. Oh my gosh. Go ahead. That's my in the park. Oh my God. Oh Shit my fucking shit. Yo. The walk the dog outfit. Look just like my get fucked behind the Bushes outfit In Central Park in broad daylight with hundreds, maybe thousands of people.


You have A-C-S-V-U. Oh, you don't watch it? Hey, hey. She, she don't watch as many doc as Me. I'm not, I'm not going on those little tiny ass trails. I am sticking to the main trails where there's a lot of light and a lot of people, The rivers and the lakes that you used To and That's right. They're beautiful. The Intelligent Canada's own Melyssa Ford in the building to her Right. Big queens. Queens get the money. Queens flip in the building. Big Ish. Boom boom. King WY Antoine is in the building. He's still laughing at the comments. What's happening though? What that y'all doing? I was laughing at you nigga.


What? I did read my mind yo. I said I don't be known who seen what? You seen it right? You seen This shit. Oh, you seen the outfit? I ain't say nothing bro. But you saw it. I ain't see nothing Joe. And then you do the di, the ditzy bop hop around the mail you trying to get thrown in the 18 van. Like come to work. What the fuck? Anyway, king Wawa, Antoine is in the building. Man perfectly matched the blue in the hoodie with the blue and the kick Not vibes. Yes he did not. Vibes and all that. Can't buy you. You can't buy that polo hoodie on Black Friday. Nah, It is not out. This from 89.


That's a gray blue nigga. come on man. Nigga. That's granite blue nigga. You got some shit. I like that. I don't give a fuck blade in the ankle pocket on the pants. Got the switch blade. We're trying to get Buck 50 real quick. Play with don't lemme me bend down. Pause. Yeah, don't let me reach in my ankle. Cargo gap pocket next to is. Y'all know the vibe. Elizabeth's finest. Best fucking girl Dad on Earth. The big freeze. Big freeze. Lemme just check his polo out on his hat just to make sure What's up man. I gotta go ahead. Go ahead. That's not the that's not the Canal Street one.


That a joint. I didn't say it was. Oh that I said let me see. To be Sure what's happening. Make sure it's our association. Make niggas on the horse. Make sure that they got the Stick. Not A knife. Yeah. Holding the sword. Ice has spent a lot of time at them. Elizabeth Outlets. That was just fine when they had the little movie theater. No, I'm lying on you. No, South Carolina Sumter. South Carolina has the worst movie theater I've ever been to in my entire life. God damnit. But we'll get to that later. Fucking El Myra's. Find his big Parks in the building. Y'all know the vibes. Ian is here. Corey is here. Corey is here. PO is here. Ericsson is here.


I don't know who else is here. 'cause I came straight to my seat to Get Jwan. J Js here. Oh, Jwan is here. True. That true. That space is star in the making. Let's see, Ericsson is here. Tanner Savon here by remote last. But certainly not least. Most importantly, each and every one or you guys are here. How's everybody doing? What's popping? What's popping? Good. Great man. Hey Corey. Throw me a water outta there please. Man. We doing great man. What up? What's popping? What's popping? Talk to me. Talk to me. Hey shit. How's everybody's holiday? Good. Everybody A good He ain good. Slept good. Definitely. Chet niggas got nigga writers. Y. Who? Niggas man. That's y'all. I'm lit. Don't don't speak for me. I'm lit. Ask you if anybody got nigga writers. That's it. Nah, not at all.


Okay. My shit was a little different this year. You wanna go shopping on Black Friday or you one of 'em? Niggas Ain. They they all that shit dead anyway now. All that shit online. Why was it different happened? My grandmother at the last minute said, oh yeah, by the way y'all, I ain't cooking. Oh. Shit. Oh. So we was like, we think it's a joke. Nah, we going to another family member house. I don't know this person. I don't know how they cook. I don't know none of that. Oh that's risky. Oh very. I'm like, I ain't doing that. I told my girl, yo, let's go to your people's house. Okay, there you go. So safe. Yeah. Yeah. It was just different, you know, not food. I'm not used to. Shit was all right. But it was just different. So what do you mean food you're not used to? Everybody don't cook the same. So shit was just different. Wait, Wait.


I double. I got a hundred for you Got. It was different. I got a hundred for You. Right. Wait, describe the starting lineup in terms of the food. I got a Hundred. So Double Dip. So was there like a fucking to Turkey there? Like what is happening Here? What? Nah, they had Turkey. They had yams. They had but was it good Turkey? They had green didn didn't have any Turkey. They didn't have, they had. Oh okay. One of an uncle smoked a brisket. That shit was butt naked. No, no shit was alright. Turkey was light skinned. Nah, nah, nah. It was just, it was just different. I Got it different. You sure you, so you don't wanna give us a little more. My man got a hundred.


Gimme I. gotta got a hundred for you too Fam. I'm not for sale. I got for, I got a hundred for Myself. Nigga was the fool. Good Nigga. It was cool. The fool is nasty. Nasty. Should be ashamed. Who's the, who's this new family member? His girl's family. Girl. To my girl's. That's why He tapped this. Oh. That's why he Pulling ice. That shit was disgusting. Free. No, it wasn't free. It was not disgusting. Free. Did you go back for seconds? No. Yes. Did you take some home? No, I was good. I was full. Ah. I had long drive and all, you know what I'm saying? Free.


What's your girl say? Drive. Yeah, that's true. What your girl said about the food? We didn't talk about it. I ain't ask her. So It's just It is just the, the eye coordination. You know, some bullshit we eating. You notice some bullshit. Did y'all stop somewhere and eat afterwards? Yo. What you good? Oh Shit. You got some McDonald's in the way? Oh? Shit? Nah, they was closed. Oh damn man. Yo. This nigga, Everybody was closed. Damn. I'm sorry to hear that man. It is cool. Yo. Did you Take place to go? No. I. didn not. I love this Thing. Did she enjoy the food? He said he don't know. Your girl don't know. They didn't talk about it. We didn't talk about it. How was The Oh, Oh man, quiet ride home nigga.


Shit was nasty. It was not. I'm not, I'm saying girl even say Y some bullshit s not what I'm saying. That's what I saying. Next time we go to your family, shit that we don't know. But that's good for you. Niggas liking them slim girls. Oh it's not my girl's family threw it the fuck out. It's not. It wasn't. How that make That is so good for You'all. No, It is not liking them little slim girls. He's crazy. Yeah, he's man A but it's not her. So what the fuck make you think the slim girl got big, big mama in there got thrown down. No, here go. The thing was they slim, whoever cooked was they slim? No, but this was a, this was like family that she don't even go to like that.


Like Clean it up last second. Yeah. You playing fast and loose with it. Why you Ain't just going the Boston market? Go get a Turkey sub. Yeah, but you two You too popular in Jersey. You could have made a phone call and got y'all. You could. Oh No, You could have made a call. Got y'all Please. Again, I look at the family shit. So I'm like all right, cool. We could do that. We'll do the family thing. Yeah, But you should have been on the phone in the cousin room making a mother calls. Isn't that taken care of? Yeah. Come on. Freeze was Craziest nigga saying Kumbaya with the bullshit T salad. That was horrible. I was there raisins in it. I don't know. Okay. Damn. Lemme go ahead and send freeze a picture potato salad. Nah, I ain't even ain.


That fried Turkey looked like, man, you know laughing other day, Sean last Paul the nigga y niggas, he showed his uncle. Right. And I was, I just started thinking about y'all too. And the uncle arguing. I said these niggas stupid. Talking about my uncle and fucking uncle. I like these niggas is tough. I said I wish his post his uncle right now cooking some food or something nigga. I swear to God he won't. I wish you would. That's another reason I don't ever want to hear about his uncles or his side Of the page. He won't post nothing. I glued this page aren't they? It is Thanksgiving. Let, let's see it pop. Let's see it. God Daddy. Hey y'all Joe. I go all the way down to the fucking bottom. Yeah. I ain't see we post in 2012. Nigga. Nigga I was, I was playing Eclipse, Pharrell, anybody from Virginia, Tim I didn't see shit from Ish.


PI don't wanna hear shit. No. you Don? Yeah. He keep it your secret. Uncle Marian called me from the front while I was the only one out there talking to my cousin. Good to go. Good to go down there and learn some shit about yourself. About genetics and shit. 'cause shit running the family for sure. I didn't know that. We were so elusive. My cousin somehow is in a wheelchair but has escaped about five nursing homes. I'm out there in the front trying to figure This shit out, Boy. She said they ain't gonna let me in the house. I said, but you at the house and you in a wheelchair. Am I cussing this crazy. My uncle Mary, Chloe say, Hey big dog, come on, walk to the back real quick.


Uhoh. Uhoh. Alright Uncle Mary. Lemme see what's up. That nigga backed in and it sticks deep Fryer big boy. Hang on, take a look at that. Boy. That shit looked amazing. What? Oh my. Hey, they didn't play. They didn't play. Shout to all the meal preppers out there. Shout to the meal. Preppers out there the night before. Huh? Oh? yeah. you Got it the night before. Before two nights? Yeah. They ain't the night before. Yeah, Yeah man. Some of y'all tried to just wake up early, was missing some shit. Ran out to Walmart. I, didn have to do that, but that means whatever. But. yeah. My family got busy with the food. That food, that food. Oh my Lord. You see me?


I, I brought someone to play. I took it on. I see you. I said y'all, I'll run to Walmart real quick. Shout to cousin Brenda. She's like, I'll make his shit. I was like, I'll run to Walmart, get the big Tupperware joint. My dad was a step ahead. He said yo pop the trunk. He had 'em already got one in there for you. Oh. When your father comes through, when your father comes through. Oh my god. Pop the trunk. Yes. Yeah, I went to bed. Went right to bed. Right, right, right. To sleep. So I could be here as early and late as can be. You hit the street stall while you was out there. Not at all. Parks. I will be 45.


Nah, I got shit to do. I can't drill button. I can't get gunned down on the week I talked all that shit. Oh my God. Yo. That's all I, that's all I was thinking about. Nah, this can't happen today. Not this week. Nah, next month. Any, you know, we don't control our future. All of that shit. But nah, it ain't gonna be that. You will not get the satisfaction buddy. Ah, look at you. You know that fool happened to. Yeah, y'all do know that. What happened. Thousand percent. That's nigga said Drake did it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Orris. Abby got that touched. Drake did it. Yo. Oh man. Yo. Nah, but speaking of real quick, and then I want to hear about everybody else's Oh.


Shit, I, while I was outta town, I did, I did go back and listen to the pod just to check for like tonality, things of that nature. It was aggressive. It was abrasive. I speak with a certain conviction so I couldn't wait to come back in here so I could apologize to not one single solitary fuck you to absolutely none of y'all out there and none of y'all going to do shit about shit. Anything about anything. What's up? Fuck. Are you talking about now? Thanksgiving? There Was some threat. There was some threats. Oh, I don't know.


I'm just broadly, broadly speaking. Okay. All right. I Don't know. I'm just broadly speaking out there. Alright. Alright. Who else had Thanksgiving? What's up? How was your Thanksgiving, Mel? Oh It was great. Lying on Reddit. Where did you Go? Damn Lying on Reddit. Melyssa Ford. Did you have a Russian Thanksgiving or No? I went to my girlfriend Monique's house. You, I'm an orphan here, you know, and also it's not my holiday. I gotta do that. Sorry. It is not my holiday. So you know, I always find somewhere to land. I was at my girlfriend Monique's house with, with her family. It was wonderful. Food was good. The food was wonderful. It was so good. Every single dish was incredible. Were you alone? Did you bring up plus one? Daisy?


Daisy is was my plus one. She's always my plus one. I left her there. We know You left at their people's crib. Yeah, sometimes they look after her. Yo, get rid of the dog. Yo, that's It. No, Give her Up. I no, I'm not giving up my child. Why take her home? Because they have dogs. And I was like, she's It is a no Wonder you got no children though. It's an extended, he don't want. Sorry. I like that. No meaning like don't want you don't Want any, it's an extended play date. Got it. Yes. I'm gonna go get her this weekend. No. So you weren't, didn't leave. So you weren't going home. What? Going home? Like what? Which one were you going home? That's why you left Daisy there? Yes, I was going home. Oh, you went out somewhere else? No, I had to be prepared for the pod the very next day.


So I went home like a responsible adult and got some sleep. We, we saw, oh, how was your Thanksgiving? We, we saw you man. We saw, we saw it. We saw it. What'd I do? Nothing. Somebody else was in central pod. Big mouth. Big mouth. Alright. Joy Philipp. What's up? It was all right. It was all right. I didn't really do Thanksgiving at the house. I went outside of some family house. I tried to go get a massage and on Roosevelt over there, what was at in Queen Flushing. And all of them turned me down. When I came in there with the camera. I say, y'all, I want no happy time. I want the shit where y'all want.


I'm being honest. I gotta, I wanted to get the walk on the back shit. I wanted to get walk, I wanted to get my back. Walked on, my body was hurting. Got into a little scuffle earlier in the week. My body was hurting so I wanted to get my back walked on. But they saw the camera. They like, nah, they was all smiley when they saw me come up. When JR came behind. Nah, nah, I don't speak English. So that was on Thanksgiving day. Then I went to some family shit. It was very short. How long was, how long was the scuffle that you got in? I just wanted debunk something very quickly. It was a long time. About like six minutes. Alright. Like grab Yeah Man. Forget that, but Forget it because you, it was alright.


You Got it. Yo, Why you hold on. Stop. Stop. Why your fucking business? Why you making faces for answer the question. You got six minutes in. You Are you crazy when you, when you're adrenaline? Of course you do. Now, now, now you do. You got loads of adrenaline. Yeah, dude. Then you tend to get out, you tend to get outta breath. You tend to get outta breath. But then that's where you gotta let the person who you holding onto at that moment. They, they, they feel like they in control. All all right, yo, all you catching your breath. And as soon as your shit get together, you get back. Scuffles last Not six minutes. Leave it in the comments. It's thing long. That's A long scuffle. Long no holding. It is, It is a, Was it a real six minutes or did it just feel like six minutes?


Yeah. I don't think he could do nothing in this world for six minutes. You don't think so? Not at all, nigga. You crazy. I, I would I run you in the park nigga. What you talking about t Alright, so stop talking and make it happen. Captain All aint me and you and the tre. My shit was all man. That's all. How was your Thanksgiving bro? It was regular. Nothing too crazy. Family? Yeah. It was like your girl family and stuff. Yeah, food cowboy. Oh, that couches. What would Be a crazy Thanksgiving? A bad Thanksgiving. That couch is twisted right now. Look at this couch. No. Y'all want some good? Y'all, y'all want to eat? Girl Was a chef. I brought some food. My girlfriend, we could cook, Cook, cook. Y'all don't look happy.


I'm, I'm fine. What you Mean, bro? What you talking about? It was just regular. Like I'm not really the biggest holiday dude. It was just regular, you know, food cowboys. How many, how many people were there with you guys? What'd you say? 15 maybe? Oh, at Gil? Something like that. No, my girl. My girl People's house. Oh. Something like that. 15. Nice. Nice. So both of y'all not even allowed to see y'all families on the Thanksgiving? No, I was gonna go down south this couch. This, I was gonna go down this specific couch. I always, I'm just asking, yes I am allowed the other Douch show. But the other day this couch didn't get to get with their bloodline. No, no, because my bloodline Canceled plan. I'm, I'm not self-employed and nine one come in, hear Me. And you are self-employed.


Not and you are and you are self not This job. I'm not self-employed. What's the word you said after, after small business Corpus. What's the word? That was after small business that came up. I Dunno what? Intermediate. Yeah, intermediate business. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Fuck outta here. Anyway, Parks save, save us from This murder. Wednesday night I was outside. I was lit. I shut down the starlets again Two times in a month. Man, come on. It was Benny's birthday. My man Honcho came down. He, he's, he's cool with all them. So we went out and turned up with them. I guess Cardi was there. I didn't see her. Cardi was there. I was there. He shot to Cardi. It was pretty quiet. But we, we turned up there. Partisan was there. It's a few people there.


Yeah. You said you turned, you shut it down. Shut shit. I think that's the name. Dig there. They didn't tell. That's I'm tell nothing. It was baby birthday. Yeah. Was there with gunning, daring all them salute, salute, salute. They ain't tell me we turned it up. Thursday was a little slow for me. But. yeah. Got up and made my Turkey. And then How much money You bust? Not much actually. I took out a bunch. I took out a bunch. But it wasn't really like, I don't know Man. Wasn one of the nights don't play with Parks. It wasn't one of 'em nights. Yeah. Y'all, y'all can't play with him like, like y'all playing with. Yeah, been playing strip club. Y'all can't talk to him like that. I had two on me. Not much but you know a little two to throw But. yeah, it wasn't, it wasn't. First of all we got there like three so it wasn't really a long night. Anyway. He Don't do that apprehensive shit y'all do You know I'm gonna throw a couple dollars. My girl, my wife came and at me.


So I'm talking to Parks. I'm talking to you. I don don't need you. I know I'm not doing it for him. It is typically de only spend a thousand. At least. At least. But I had two on me that night because I was like, Oh Shit. It's a birthday. We got turned up. come on. But there was too many people in the little I Know you talking about. Yeah, it just wasn't the Yeah, it wasn't really You know what I mean. We was just moving around. So, but we had a good time. And then Thursday I woke up, cooked my Turkey, went to my wife's family's for Thanksgiving. Dominican food, Thanksgiving. You already know what time It is, if you know what time It is. Hey, ate good. Came home, went to bed, came to po. Good shit. We was lit. It was a good little two days. Big Parks You. know what I mean? Good. Good, good. Well happy to see all y'all. We happy to see you too nigga. Good to be back.


Work all right. Anywhere in the world we want to go. Let's go, let's go, let's go. Shout to all your new listeners out there too. Oh yeah. It's gonna be a lot of them right now. Yeah, right now something happens. Some out. No, I was on a plane. You know why you a man right now? Yeah man. Yeah man This shit was everywhere. Play shit playing. Clip was coming out. They came Out immediately. I'm like, oh god. I'm like, I thought they shot y sent to that nigga first. I was like nah this is coordinated. You are nigga. But why am I a man? The game in the choke hold they all posted you nigga All, I can't even, I like look at my man so.


Yeah. Yeah. He know exactly what he was doing. That niggas came up with a plan. Look at your man back there, your man get count upon. Yeah. We planned this. We knew. We knew it came to my desk. I knew I'm part of the steam family. That niggas was lit. That's yo I gotta I gotta pull these moves. We we, no, no, no, no. That's the way I'm confused. You. We, you, we we're very, very clever. The gods love you. All That pain you do running with white, running with holes in your white beatta, chasing kids. All that shit paid off. Go the nigga's house early in the morning with a coffee.


Your kids will get hurt. All that shit paid off nigga God love you fell right in your lap. Wow. But you saying that 'cause some clips flew around. I'm saying that 'cause I know the play. I'm saying 'cause how you did it. I watched. I'm saying that 'cause I see a yacht coming. I'm saying I'm gonna be on there. I call Corey the ball. Yo. Corey got the keys to the nigga car because he's not here. Lemme take a picture in This. shit. It was dope though. Now you really, you really, you really, you look hard for that. You really made a lot of noise and, and people really look forward to your commentary on these situations. I think that shit is amazing regardless of what anybody say. The haters. The naysayers. Them niggas look towards you for your commentary and you expose some things to people that they didn't know about.


You know what I mean. Like that shit was really a highlight of the internet. I was in here running my mouth. You was freaked out. No I was in here running my mouth. You was talking, you was chatting it up. Talking about some paywall. You got any blowback? Pause any camps reach out to you and say shut the fuck up. No I think I've been doing this long enough to where people know what time It is with me. Okay. I'm not, I'm not that. I'm not here to make friends. I'm not here to gain alliances. I'm not here for all that fake rapper shit that you niggas be doing out there. Last verse GNX intro, last verse.


I'm not with all I'm done. All the pretending shit is over. Man. If we fly, we fly. If we ain't win, so nah niggas ain't gonna hit me or email me boy. Wonder. I see what you said. I love you. I absolutely love you. You are my man. 100 grand. I don't give a fuck what you say about me nigga. You gotta know what you gotta do the shit that you gotta do. But you my man nigga who smoked a lot of hookah together on them rooftops can't say nothing about boy wonder and vinyls man. Those two dudes. Yeah for sure. Those two dudes two really, really, really solid dudes. The rest of you niggas though, Who else? Who else? Who else? Who else Now I ain't see too much. I honestly didn't see too much.


I think one of the things that stood out, yo It is so fly to come in, talk all This shit in the world then go be with your family. Disconnect From all This shit. Yeah. Way away from all This shit. Yo. No I'm not gonna hold you. Nobody in my family said a peep about anything. All they kept doing was fucking repeating that PrizePicks commercial. They kept everybody running around. I told You I was going whatever the fuck I'd say. My family had a lot of fun with that. But nah, nobody said nobody said anything. Didn't he hit peep? Hmm? Me and my moms had our normal 25 second talk. But that was this morning, which she said they're saying mean things about you out there.


I said gotta put the phone down. She said. Gotcha. Did anything, Did anything bother you that you saw anything or anyone of us? No. Okay. No. The internet is where all us gather to make money and if you're not doing that then you just there making somebody else money for free. Yeah. Got it. The internet is not real life. I kept seeing that part's true. I kept seeing them clips and all I could think was that boy is a master of ceremony. When I come here, I sit here to be the best in the world. I'm here to put on a fucking show at all times. Which is why I am who I am. And we are who we are.


And It is what It is. And they already know out there man. So peace and love, health, wealth, prosperity. I kept all of you in my prayers. Even the people that didn't have me in theirs. Aw, Mature Joe. Man, come on man. I'll be 45. No time to play. Ain't the time to play. And we will delve into some of that fucking shit later. All of that suit and whatever. Where y'all wanna start. Shit, start there. You want, it's still a big, big topic. Okay, so I'll speak for me. I I am saying not them me, I am saying that two things can be true.


One, he could be a sack of shit and two, they should compensate him. You think he should be compensated? Yes. 1000000%. Okay. He has to be compensated. Wait for which, why? For both petitions or one in particular? I don't care nothing about them petitions. Okay. Oh, you just saying for what he's done, My talk is not, I don't his the petition is that's his route to do whatever he do. Okay. Okay. I don't give a fuck about them petitions before that they was trying to find closure. According to the rumors I came in here and asked y'all if he recouped so fast and we don't know we're speculating.


I came in here and asked y'all why wouldn't they pay 'em? And then we breezed right by that. But the more I thought about it, anybody with a brain would pay 'em. Anybody would've brain would pay 'em. And then I got to thinking about some of my conversations that I won't divulge. I don't think it's a money thing. I, I kept saying that. We said that it's not about, I don't think this is about the money. I think you want a piece. A piece of what? Whatever. So let's do it them. So let's do it. come on. Let's have a little bit of fun with this. I have generated billions here. I want a piece. A piece of what? Equity in the label. Equity. Yeah.


Universal. Yeah. Okay. Who wants to be Aubrey? Who wants to be universal in our game? Oh, I could be universal. It's quick. No fuck outta here. We've been around for years, nigga. Hey somebody pull up Universal's artist roster. Oh, today subsidiaries Or just universal? All. All UMG. All of 'em. Let's, let's look at all of 'em. All of 'em. Alright. You, you say, you saying I don't care line 'em all up. I won't let my disdain for the man cloud by better judgment on the matter. And I would be a hypocrite to say otherwise because we need to be able to see one person crack it.


Same way I say when I'm running around talking, Hey you companies gotta do right by me just to show the field that you're able to do right by one person, one and two. So I know that when the next big fish come along, you have the ability to do right by somebody. That's important. I just don't know how far we gonna budge on the table, which is why I want to play a game. I don't like ice being universal because no is how we got here. So then tell me, tell me how you meet. No, because tell me how you meet me in the middle You. all right. Oh, you won't give me some of all of the building. Correct.


This list is entirely too long to name. I want hear 'em anyway. I've got Read 'em up. Read 'em. We here to talk We talk for a living. We ain't doing shit Out. You want me to start with the numbers? Numbers? What you mean? You say numbers. Oh the artist numbers first With The numbers. Go ahead. Go Ahead. 10 cc 10 years. Two chains, three doors down, four minute, four strings, five seconds of summer. The 1975. A Anita, a me, Chang, Taiwan, Aaliyah. A C. D. C. Gracie Abrams A of bass. Brian Adams a FI. Afro Jack, medium Project a GA from Hong Kong. Yeah, we still in the As. Huh? We're at the early A. Oh brother It is this Oh Brother. Yeah. It's gonna be a long time. Acon. I, I'll try to maybe just hit the bigger names actually. Yeah, Hit the bigger names.


Let's see a lot. Paul Anca is the big names Steve Aoki. I mean we're talking about like worldwide arcade Fire D Ire Rick Astley. Alright. I can't give you a piece of Audio slate. I can't give you Iggy Azalea little baby. I can't give You. All right. Enough. Enough of you. It's alright. I can't give you a piece of the whole building. Yeah. Or I mean you could, it'd just have to be a very small piece. Probably Everybody there is no such thing as a small piece. It's yeah, 1%, half of 1% The Eagles. Taylor Swift. Yeah. Point zero zero zero one. Yeah percent. I'm just looking over here. I'm just looking over here.


Taylor Swift, Coldplay, Elton John. Oh my God. Like Lady Gaga you, you're not getting, yeah, Elton John makes the most right on tour. He makes a lot. Yeah, we're talking about hundreds, maybe thousands of artists who gross millions and millions of dollars a year. Some who generate billions. Alright, so what will you gimme Some money. Same thing you gave You last time. No, You can get some money. No, that's what we always gonna give you. This is the conversation that Hold has been saying. They will let you run the checkup but you're never getting leverage. Yeah. This is what he's been saying. So I'm leaving. I hear Him. Right. But So now I wanna leave. I think, oh well slow down.


You wanna leave? Wait, Y'all think Drake got Drake doesn't have leverage. Not Not a stake. I think that type of leverage, my personal opinion, I think that they saw this coming and I think personally that They, so they consolidated? No, not that part. I think that has some merit. I think that he, I'm talking shit, he didn't necessarily get the push on the last two albums that he normally would've gotten. That may be true. Right. So and I think he knows that. And I think that we, if I want to devalue you right, let's just, 'cause again, this is all speculative and this is all, if I want to devalue you, then I have to start somewhere.


And so now I'm gonna say yo dog, when you come back to the table, you didn't do your normal numbers that you typically would do. Yeah. So now when we start the negotiations, your value is dipped. You understand what I'm saying? And so now Yes and no, That's a conversation. We also, we also had like I think Meek Mill was a big, our conversation about that. You see it in sports last, your last project. You see it in Sports. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. See it in sports. We not gonna, we're not gonna allow you to run the numbers up super crazy while They'll cut your playing time. They'll do a bunch of shit. They'll, a lot of your numbers will drop if you, if your contract has is heavy incentive based, they'll make sure you don't reach a certain incentive, shit like that.


Like yo, if you, if you're supposed to get 1200 yards and you get a bonus, But that's the way I think he has leverage. You'll get 1138 and they'll sit you the last game. But no one in his who Get, you know what I'm saying? Don't, I don't, I don't think that he is in a place where you can speak to him that way. What do you mean? I think You can't talk to him about what her loss did. What for all the dogs did, Doesn't matter. 'cause it's catalog is way Too Lucas. You can, Hey, I don't give a fuck about that. You don't talk to me about that. Yeah, Yeah. So Go back there in the Room. But that's a contradiction though. Wow. Because you're saying that he had the, the, the, the ultimate bargain power five years ago you said that If he would've done something different, that's in hindsight.


Yeah. And Joe, I can talk to you about them albums because yeah, the back catalog is how we got the 400, we gave you the $400 million deal. It was because we said, yo, look at what we, look what I've Done But. yeah. But that was short. That was a short, it Was a short. And I think see I, I think that's where the beef Started. That was the short Personally I think that's where the beef started. I took the short in anticipation of we going to get it right on the, on the re-up. Mm. And now it's time For the reup. I don't think you should have took the short. I don't think so. But that's still a life changing. People Do. This Is the thing, you can't scoff at 400 mils. This is the thing. If you want take it, take it. But I think that that was a short of Course. But I think it was a short too. But if I think, and I think we cool. So I've been selling you on yo we cool, we building something. I you, That's the other mistake By the way.


Yes. I got you. I got you. I got you. That's a big mistake. And it happens all the time. So, But do you think that he he considered it a short, I think he think he thought he was making deals with his peoples. I think he, I think he definitely considered it a short 'cause I think he know, he looked at what he's done over the course of, At that time years. He learned something after he signed it or that Johnny Blaze text wouldn't have went like that I didn. Where, where, where he said let me get outta this slave deal. But that was talking about torn. That was, yeah, I'm just saying he learnt more information after he signed that deal. To what? That's what I said. I said that yo, once he started getting privy to, I mean niggas are cursing me out all week in my shit. Like, yo, he got all information in the world. No he don't, he don't have all information in the world.


Just because you got money that don't mean you have information that comes along with the money. He, he never had a reason to go seek for more information. See I'm holding him accountable for some of that stuff though. I mean it's possible A little bit. You too preoccupied with too many other things. When you facing the biggest giant in the, in The music world and I think that you think that Giant was your peoples and they've been selling you on this is a partnership for a long time until you say, yo, remember y'all said four years ago y'all are gonna do X. And then they say, whoa buddy. And you like whoa, whoa, whoa. Y'all said this though. I think, I think yeah we said it but some things have changed and now Look at your last projects. Now it's not doing the same. Now this Would be here now in business.


In business, you're doing yourself a disservice if you are not at least picturing what's gonna happen at extinction level. True. I agree with, I don't, I think that's not due diligence for anybody doing business. I'm agree. I'm not disagreeing with you. Agree. I just think that you get there when you get there. I think again, like I, the analogy I use, I open up for him even with athletes like, yo, you're the man. You've been the man since you was in seventh grade and you not being a man. You don't even really put that in your brain until you not the man no more. And I don't want to hear nothing about a c DC and 10 Fong two or whoever's on that fucking list. No, I don't Hold up now I have a different halo effect on me.


I have a different level of impact when I speak It is going to reverberate for the next, this could change this. We have red button. If I press this, everything is undone forever. I don't care about what them niggas on that list. Do you have to acknowledge me different. But nobody won against the giant though. There's no, nobody won. But There's a reason For that. Right. And then you would think that he would see that in go with different angle. Maybe he is privy to information on angle that he can go and take them down. I think what? Nope, go ahead. Sorry. Yeah, I'm sorry. No, I was just gonna say I think that part of his, like the information that used to get fed to him is by a lot of the people who are not there anymore.


Understand. So I think that he's like kind of realized that he's at a deficit or like working against the system because he no longer has the people in place that could have fed him information that allowed him to make certain decisions. I I, I was thinking about this, right, and yeah guys were talking and I guess none of us will win. But I think that even universal, if you use Taylor Swift for example, they wouldn't allow her to get into that state. Meaning that they wouldn't allow her to feel that she needs to press charges against him. They would give her what she wants. I think maybe not a stake in something disagree. But they, they would, they would find a way to, to me find a way. 'cause she's like one of the biggest people that maybe can go against them if she wanted to.


Right. As far as Stark power, as far as fans, she recorded a whole other album at the same rerecorded And and shit. And and they and they changed the rules right after she did it. Let Taylor Swift. Swift. Yeah. And she was Able to, but they, they made an, they made an exception for her. But Let Taylor Swift go in there and ask for something that they feel like she can't get. She gotta a lot, my nigga, if she goes in there tomorrow and say y'all want 4% of everything, they're gonna look at you and say please get outta my face. But I don't think she would asking four because whatever they giving her, I'm Just getting Yeah. Whatever they give, keep going. Finish your Sentence. Whatever they give her, she's satisfied with, I think. And that's where he got to a crossroad. Whatever they've been giving him this long time. Yes, I Got it. He was satisfied with it. And then he wasn't until, he wasn't, Until he found out more information.


I don't want to hear it. Hear it. You can hear it in Drake. Like IIII mentioned it before the, the family few verse where he says I need some ownership if we press and go like he's, he's moving to that next level where now I wanna own, I, I realize how big I am. I should be owning a piece of this and stop making all of y'all rich. And the companies are saying, they saying you got rich too, nigga. But the companies are saying no fuck outta here. Do you think He own his own masses Joe? Do you think he owns his masters? He should. Hmm. Or some of them. Some of them I would assume maybe some of them he went I didn't know this too. I it's not my business. I got you. I got you getting schooled all week. They said he was independent for a time.


They said right before his $400 million deal he was independent. I don't know. No, that's what they're saying. So yo dog, I just think information is fleeting. I think as you grow and you climb up the ladder, information is about But they hide the information You never had. They hide the information intentionally. I I'm agreeing With you. Yeah. I'm saying it becomes more, everybody got levels dog. This podcast ha has a level and when it keeps growing more information will be available. That's not available today. You can't hold that against somebody that you should have known or you should have known. I how would I know what I don't know. And a lot of times people are not not willing to give you information.


Of course they're not. Of course not. You have to go out and seek it. They don't want you to have, when you seek it, You can't get it. Information is power and most times we only seek it when you have to. Alright, y'all Back, back to, alright, what can I get? What can I get? If I can't get a piece of the building, what can I get? Gimme something. I told you more. Cash. I'm Drake makes me happy. More money. He money cash. Y'all five. Alright, stop talking to me y'all five go walk in the corner. Not literally and come up with something to come back and make me Aubrey Graham happy or I'm walking out. Well you're not walking out though. You could say you walking out. I I'm gonna go get with my people and find a way to get out and petition one, which is what I think Petition two. Yeah. I'm gonna go find a way, way to find some grade language.


And once we find out that you are trying to walk out, we gonna burn your brand as much as we can so that your value diminishes. So yeah, you might walk out but you not gonna walk out the same person you are right now. We gonna put as much. Are you smoking to me without going in the corner? I'm fucking Drake. Yes. Yes Nigga. No you're not. See that's a problem, that's a mistake. No, I went in the corner. Let's say we went in the corner, Didn't go in the corner. I want y'all to come up with something feasible. A Billion dollars. No. Cool. Now we at a standstill. Yeah. We not giving you no more. No artist. This is an unprecedented amount of money. No artist is ever time to deal. They gonna come up with the yada yada. We gonna make it sound good. We gonna give you cherries on top, whipped cream, all of that shit.


And say here Mr. Graham, this is what we are proposed to do for you because you are our guy. We stand behind you. This is our thing. See some of This shit. I don't believe if he, if he took the 400 of it, I mean he might take a billion Until you realize I made y'all 20 billion. I just believe It is not even about that. 'cause y'all keep going circular about the information that he's receiving from the, from the label. Sometimes for me it wasn't about the information I was getting in the building, it was about the information I was getting out the building. Cool. That's true. So, okay, y'all Got it tightlipped mums the word. I can't get anything from here. Y'all, y'all are tight. But as I'm moving around outside now while y'all are giving me my $1,000 outside is saying that I can get this a thousand x.


So now I'm a mosey on back, let you know what's going on outside. And more importantly, if I'm not getting some equity in this, I need a seat At the, on the board. Maybe Possible. Maybe They publicly traded now. Right. And if You won't gimme a seat at your board, Some outta share, gimme A seat on A Few boards of a few of these companies you own. Go make up a label over. I'm freestyling right now. Yeah, but you Know. Yeah, but this ain't no no, no, no, no, no. I they still ain't going to corner and come back. They came back with a billion.


You said make up a hypothetical. So that's, that's who we did. So what happens if we're like, that's the, Would y'all do it? Would y'all do it for a billion? Yeah. Yes. Alright. Not y'all. If y'all were him, he fucking crackheads. No, look, I billion No. My answer is No. My answer is yes. My answer is, my Answer is yes. My answer is fucking yes if I'm him. My answer is still Yes. 'cause what's the end goal? Why wouldn't you do it? What's the end Goal? Because my end goal is not money at this point. I have, I have enough money. Okay. That I'm never gonna spend it again in my life. So now at 37 30, how old is he? 37. 38 years old. I'm tired of being an artist now. I'm only working for money as an artist. I'm tired of doing that. I wanna start getting some of the residual money that I earned you motherfuckers over a 15, 20 year career start paying me back something so that I could go chill with my family.


And I don't gotta be on tour busting my ass like a slave to work for y'all. I'm taking a billion. See, I feel Like I start my own, but the billion dollar, the billion dollars comes with deliverables. So I'm still a worker, still busting my ass, still going on tour, still going all the way around the country. Tired as fuck. Even if I'm on private jets, I'm still tired and I'm still working. Adding time to dollars. No time to dollars. I don't wanna do that no more. Isn't this billion dollars like compensation? Look at y at this point like that. You don't have to. You've done the work Before. No. It is still, no it's not. It's it's another deal. It's gonna Come with it. Yeah. So we are gonna want projects. We're gonna want to 'cause that billion dollars even though you might feel you owed it and he is owed it.


But to the label. No, it's like in advance. Damn near like we're gonna recoup our money. No you're not. No you're not. I need a billion non recoupable. Yeah, that's now we talking. Now you're talking. And I don't know if they would do that. I don't, yeah, I don't see the label doing that, but nobody, do y'all think That there is a way, how do I word this. Do y'all think there's a way for him to get the respect and power that he may be after from these people that are respected, that have the power From Universal Specifically?


Not at Dis Jun. No. No. I think it's a raft. I think he could do it on his own Somehow. I think. I think just, and we went to the Jay-Z conversation before. I think that people view you how they view you. right. And I don't think that they view him in a manner that, from a business perspective, I don't think they view him in that manner. I think they might just view him as an artist. Y'all don't think there's any way for him to win? Yeah. I do think it's a way for him, him Win. Because all I keep hearing y'all say is it's universal. It's universal. No, no, no, no. Get away from him. I'm, I'm answering that question that you asked. I think that those specific people that he's been in bed with, they watched him grow for the last 20 years. And they may not look at him like that.


Because I remember when you walked in the door, you understand what I'm saying? So when you go get what somebody new, they may look at you with a new light. Do y'all think there's a way for him to be paid from you U UMG even after these all suits? Yes. Yeah. I Think that, yes. As a form of settlement. No. No Royalties? No. Oh, no, no. Not that's the problem. No, I thought you were talking about settlement. No, I don't care. Nothing about the settlement. No. No. The settlement. Think I they trying to, I think they drew, they lying. Yeah. You, how do you feel? No, I think that His previous work, he'll still receive royalties if we're talking About that.


No, You talking about a new Deal? Yeah. That makes it tricky. Yeah. So no, no, no, no. Without You say no. I said yes. Oh yeah. I'm like this. Yes. Oh, okay. Your neck is not visible the way normal neck. So Crack jokes. I'll fry you up later and We on some serious shit. That's cool. No, I Don't. I I'm with you without Settlement. No, I'm with you. I don't care about that settlement. That shit is a trick. I'm with you now. It's above my pay grade. But I think there's a way for 'em to, to get it done still. I would love to hear It. Just a scenario. 'cause it's all hypothetical. Just a scenario.


Well, no, we, we differ on, on the fold. I think somebody got a fold. I would agree. Somebody You didn't agree. I told you niggas to walk in the corner and find something to come make me up. You did not agree. You said somebody has to fold. That don't mean they have to be the somebody they, oh no, I offered you a billion dollars to take Or leave. They, no, they have to be the somebody. So you think they have to be the somebody you think they'll fold before him? I think that they have to be the, somebody. I'm not folding. I took the short on 400. I enslaved, I done did a million tours. You see my catalog, you see my numbers, you see what's going on out there. I'm me. I'm unhappy. I've been unhappy for a while. Y'all have made this nigga pop over here. They calling me the thing, they calling me all types of Shit.


Now what if they turn around and say To that, no, no, Nigga, we, the reason you did that, we made all of that pop. You didn't pop without us. We did that together. You were the artist. But we delivered that. We marketed that. We put you up there. We inflated the numbers. We did whatever we did, we did that. We made you that. No, you ain't wrote one line in their song. And I, I hate that. It can't, It it can't go like that. Oh man. Act didn't eat on Thanksgiving at all. By the way, ac academics streamed and didn't have nobody to come hand him a plate. He didn't have nobody that loved him to hand him some stuffing, some cranberry, so mac and collar, anything.


So he was, he just sitting there streaming and streaming. And in a way, and I love when he does that 'cause he's able to talk in a way that I am not able to talk because I was a rapper and he is not. But he started talking about the infrastructure and the buildings within the building. So, I mean, we keep saying UMG and universal, but in reality there's a bunch of different sectors in this building with heads of those sectors. The demons and the fucking I gotta a brain freeze right now. But different heads to the different sectors and everybody's not on the same side.


So the people that are working Taylor Swift may not be the same as the people that are working. Drake and team A and TB, there's all these different, and the heads are also vying for position based on performance. Okay. So if we're not talking about Drake per se, getting a board seat or getting equity or yada yada yada, we're talking about someone behind the scenes vying for a top spot. So what I'm saying is nobody's in there is trying to lose, like we keep saying, oh, It is this building and you devalued me and yada yada yada.


No, it's just a bunch of competitive people running around trying to run it up for the whoever they are responsible for over there. Makes sense? Yeah, I get that. But what would his, But that could be part of his negotiation. So I might not necessarily want, I want things, but also I need you to now make Parks the head of blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's so, so many different facets. Like you saying, all of that could be a part of his negotiation. What I'm saying to y'all is that current time, right this second, if anybody is Drake, there is no negotiation.


Is there a But there is no, You may just give him what he want. There's no negotiation is what I'm saying. I Don't, I There's no, there is nothing to negotiate. So you said he walking, he's standing firm. He's standing firm. That's what he's saying. He standing firm. I'm me. Yeah. I have, I have privileged information that probably no other artist has. I speak for black culture separates me from Taylor Swift and all of these white acts. You lose me, you lose your standing in black music.


So why does it sound crazy? I, I've run up numbers that I'm not even privy to. Like, I don't want to talk about my discography. I don't wanna talk about what a album did. It's 15 years and that back room fax machine that's over there, I ran it up. I burnt it out. I ended up over there. I burnt it out. Me and on my back and my sweat, blood, sweat and tears have allowed y'all to go cut deals with all of the people you cut your deals with. And I'm not a part of that.


None of this exists without me. None of it. So there's no negotiation. All of you will get fired. Everybody that think, everybody that went in that corner and came back with something to say and did not make me happy, you're fired. Now The response to that be you did all that with us though. If you really, the man like you say you are, you gotta do that outside. No, I don't. You'll have to do it outside. We've been doing it way before you were Born. No, you will have to do it outside of the infrastructure. You are fired. Now Let me ask you a question.


You're outta here. I'm not, I'm not, You're done. I'm not disagreeing with you. But from a business perspective, yeah. Don't play with me. Listen, listen, listen. From a business perspective, now what do we tell Taylor when she gets that same mindset? Well do that. I know he he always do that. He always, yeah, but dog, I'm not talking down my neck. I don't think he does the, I'm not like, yo, I don't think he do the crack neck thing to say. Oh, I gotcha. There's not a gotcha moment here. It is none of us are billionaires. No, I'm saying my response to you is, I don't know that she don't have it already. True. But I'm saying In the event No, no.


And what If and what if he noticed she Got it. That Could be a part of it too. I was saying any event she doesn't. Right. I think that from a, from a business perspective, you kind of gotta now put your foot down because that means any mega artist coming forward is gonna ask for similar shit Or more. I'm, but I'm not a mega artist. Taylor's not a mega artist. I know. I mean, I don't have words For We are, there's something else. Yeah, True. They, But when Another one of them comes Through, they can't come. They can't come. They cannot come. It is plenty of, it's plenty of podcasters out there that have followed behind me and tried to have a certain talk with the same companies that you can't, y'all can't talk to them the way I could talk to 'em.


They're gonna kindly escort you out. I believe that. So yeah, I don't care about them. I don't care about the field right now. I care about me. And I don't know that Taylor Swift don't have that deal already. It's possible. She Might. And all you niggas is fired if you do not come make me happy and, and, and, and, and some of my deals, not me. I'll take it back in some deals. If you have enough leverage, I'm now done talking to whoever you telling me is the head of your company. Whoever the head is that I've been dealing with that runs your daily operation, I'm no longer talking to them.


I wanna Talk to the Board members, go get his boss, The board members Go get me the dude at the Tipity Tipity tip of this thing. Not, not this, not the front man. The hidden nigga. The hidden man. Yeah. Not the front man. Yeah. See we can't add the conversations because, well, It is all, That's what Kanye Said. It is all music. Kanye said, dog, I want to go talk to the head of whomever. Why can't I talk to them? Well, Kanye ratted on a lot of This shit. He Did. He did. He ratted on a lot of This shit. He did. Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Damn. Like if I got 5, 6, 7, Blank name is currently the largest shareholder with 18% of shares outstanding.


The second and third largest shareholders are blink and blank. What is it? Just capital management company with an equal amount of shares to their name at 10%. Yeah. You just gotta start looking at enough universal stuff. No more music talk. No more universal. Look at the shareholders and universal. Which group was most powerful? 28% stake individual insiders possess the maximum shares in the company. Put it another way. The group faces the maximum upside potential of downside risk, yada yada, yada, yada yada. Lemme find them.


It's banks and people from other countries. Stockholders. Yeah, that sounds about right. Yes. That's the nice way to say it. Yeah. Get them, go get them. Sorry buddy. It's not that simple. Go Get them. Exactly. It ain't that simple. No, because I, I'm agreeing with, we're agreeing with the theoretical piece. I stand on that we, me and you being in, in cahoots with that. And I think Lucien might notice, right?


Everybody been getting fired. Everybody's been getting laid off. That mean ain't nobody numbers the way that it's supposed to be. For real, for real. I don't know that. He don't know that and, and put his son over here in a whole different ecosystem in case he's playing on doing a hostile takeover over there. Not hostile takeover 'cause that means something. But Julie and them is out over there at Atlantic Old regime gone. Yeah. If I'm just shooting, floating out the, I don't know that, that's not his plan.


It's possible. It is very possible. What I'm telling you is damn near likely. Yo. What I'm telling you is, well That means that we got a few different banks to talk to. Now if I'm Drake, And what I'm telling you is you and your little nigga Penny music money could get the fuck outta here nigga. But wait, wait. No, I'm stopping you. I'm stopping you. Okay. It's not nigga penny music money. That's why we here, don't talk, don't talk to me that way when you start, we talking about gazillions. Now When you start talking about Chi Young fat that owns other shit, this universal money that you talking about is a 10th of my portfolio.


It is not nigga Penny music money, but it's not nigga Penny music To them. This No, it's not. Which is why y'all gonna have to Go In That Corner, okay. And come out congregate with something to make me happy and why They ain't do it then I don't know that it won't be Done because I'm, I don't know that it won't be done. It hasn't happened yet. I think it take a long time for these seismic shit to occur. Yeah. It don't just, this ain't it ain't a quick thing. Get them niggas on the phone. It take a while. If they have intention on going in the corner to try to make him happy. I think we don't get some of the things that has happened in Like the petitions. Fuck the petition. Like the music, like, like the, not like us. No, that's not true.


Sometimes I don't think we get a lot of that shit. Sometimes you have to teach people beyond themselves. That's True. And That stop, stop stop. Don't say nothing. Yeah. I just think everybody has somebody that they have to answer to. And maybe you get across the table from the person that you've been waiting to see and maybe that person is stubborn or hardheaded or racist or ego tripping or on a power trip. Or Listen, I done been there again. I said it last part. You get to companies and realize that they not even willing to, to pay a black person a certain amount of money. I niggas told me, yeah, if I pay you that, you'll be making more than me and go in the back room and find the fucking money.


So yeah, I just, I generate more than you too. Yeah. The end. And again, if I'm, if I'm Drake, which I'm not, well, I am in my world Actually, Shit, I ain't no niggas gonna play with me in my world. Yeah. You can't talk to me a certain way. You can't, I don't care about what a album sold. I don't care about, I don't, don't bring me none of these fake numbers, these fake stats, these, these industry cosmetics, these consumer facing stats where you trick artists outta what's going on. I don't think you could do that to him. I think he knows too much. He'd been around too much. I've been grandfathered in by a nigga that got the better of this building at one point, bird man.


I seen what happened. I seen, I'd seen, he's different for reasons outside of music. I would agree with that. This is no longer a music talk. I agree with that as well. It Is what I'm telling music fans Out there, even with that new information that we keep mentioning. Like look, you said he, he came in grandfathered under Birdman, right? Yeah. Eventually he wanted to get from under Birdman. So at that time, the information he had, they might've said, yo, we'll give you X amount of money, get you out a new deal. You work for us now. So you again, we just keep giving you money. We're, we're, we're, we're, we're pacifying you with money. We're past money Now.


We are Today. Yes. And they're like, well nigga, no, that's all we were offering. We were just gonna keep giving you money. You were never to get more than just money. We'll give you a empty a blank check. That's where, And that's where we're at Our, our stalemate. Indeed. No, no. Now my hard stance has to go make you learn about yourself. Go speak to your boss. Hey, hey, it's cool you did your job. You told me no. Now go tell your boss that I walked out Joe. Some bosses are okay with you walking out. I don't think that, I don't think that that's the case for him. That was what I was gonna ask is I don't think that's the case for him.


Well It's also tricky 'cause Universal's publicly traded. So the bosses Board members. Yeah. And guess what happens, Stockholders. I I tripled you to go in there and tell your board I'm out. Well you Walked out. I tripled you to go in and tell your board I'm out. And this could have been part of, are you crazy? This could have been part of the long game though. Are you Crazy? You gonna go in there and tell your board nigga go tell your board I'm out. I dare you Joe. No you won't, Joe. No you won't. Well listen, you walked out. No You won't. All of your Past numbers are down from where they've been and we still making the money off your old shit. No, walk out. Your numbers are down from where they've been. Not me again. Y'all keep trying to trick me into numbers talks. I'm not having a numbers talk.


I'm having a, I am who the fuck I am. And y'all know it. I'm not trying to convince nobody I It is not a numbers talk, but you saying go get me exactly what I want or something with very few red lines in it. But look Me, ask question saying we not having a numbers talk, we gotta justify that to the board. You know what? Do that Numbers, numbers Bullshit. That's not true. Bullshit. That's not true. Bullshit. That's the only language the board Understands. Nah, nah, nah. You they speak for those boards. I've come across some of them boards where they sitting there saying, Hey, mathematically we cannot make it make sense and know what I say.


So the fuck what? And I say that from a privileged position. So yeah, I You cannot say that to me if I'm Drake. Hey, so what? It don't make sense. So What Mr. Graham, there's the door. No, it's been great doing business with you. Please let us know if you reconsider. We would love to have you. We love you. Open arms. If not, we wish you the best. Good luck with all of your endeavors. That's what I've been trying to ask is, is Get your voice in there Melyssa. Be heard because you are our Drake act. I mean, shut up. You have a lot to say about shut up. No, for real. Because they won't be letting you get in your bags sometimes.


These niggas, yo, everybody mute up. Nah. Dead ass such a dick. No, for real. Get your voice up in This Drake talk. Real, the reality of the situation is sometimes I, when I, I'm sitting here, I'm getting my own sort, like sort of education because you are a wealth of information when it comes to this. But in this particular scenario is there, is there, is there a scenario where Drake says, okay, this is my bottom line and the UMG literally says, it's been nice fucking knowing you. Yes. You know, And I believe yes. And if so, I believe. I believe yes. Where does he go? Because if all of these big companies have been consolidating and now UMG is the fucking, you know, giant here. Where does Drake go if UMG says don't let the door hit you on the fucking way out Sees You keep saying giant.


Yes. They control the market. Share Got it. But Parks, you said it UMG went public in 2021. What did they open at? I think I was told $30 a share. Let's look it up to be sure. Okay, I'll find it. 30. All right. He'll find it. Where are they currently? I was told $22. Sure, Let's look that up. So you opened it 30 in 20, 21. That aligns with what Drake project.


Somebody help me. You looked that up. Freeze because I don't think We talk about publicly traded companies. So at some point Sort of Loverboy It is 2021. Oh, I got you nigga. I got you. Are, you shitting me. I got you niggas then. Not y'all. I wanna say how, I want to hear how, Because we're looking at it with a publicly traded company. It ain't been but four years and you down whatever you down I wait, they Down less than a dollar. I'll Wait for them to check it. We opened at 2345 today they're trading at 22 81 10 year history. We we down at less than a dollar Opened at 27.


You said they opened at 2021? 'cause I did a five year history. Are You looking, is it a 10 year history? Oh You're, that's a 10 year history. They went public in 2021. They opened at 2345. Today they're trading at 2281. So it hasn't even been a dollar differential. So what I'm saying is Drake is Drake. He, he, he would, he might have to go do the Kanye shit. From what I'm hearing, Kanye has been uberly successful. We just not hearing about it. If you down you, if you down It is only but so much but so many inches you can put on your penis at this conversation is what I'm saying. Yeah, that's what I'm saying.


It is only but so much oomph you gonna have at this table if you're down. Especially if I'm Drake and I could tie that to, what'd you say? Certified lover. Boy, see I Got it being mid from there. It's been mid from there. I Got it being mid from there. So now you even leaving me to argument that, oh I've been seeing that y'all was playing with me and now I'm playing with y'all. See we was having music talk through, I was saying what was the last thing going? What did this album do? And what? But it's not a music talk. It is, oh this is why the quality may have gone down. And I can tie that to the growth of your company.


Let me ask you this. 'cause now we talking a little bit more my arena. You think a board's gonna sign off on giving you a billion dollars or more? And our numbers is not spiking. I don't think you have a choice. Somebody gets fired. A lot of niggas get fired. Well Some, a lot of people might get fired either way. But I don't think you have a choice. I totally disagree With you. I don't think you have A choice at all. We are not in a surplus. You gotta fold. Not me. We not in a surplus of cash for me to be giving away Esp. Especially if my mans is about to go infiltrate Warner. See, it ain't what again, some people tell the companies it's not about what I've done while I'm here.


It ain't you reading, you reading this wrong It is about what I'm gonna do when I'm you reading this wrong, God daddy ain't erase that whole history of what happened while I was with you where I'm about to go. Show me what it looked like when I leave. When I leave and I'm with them and I go right there. Them sorry mom, them and some people. Them and some people. And some people will say, you Will, you Will fuck, there's No doubt about it. Or you will fall or hey saying you will fall. You will, you will fall. Let ask You a Question. You will fall, Let ask you a question. You Will Fall.


Oh you will. This business, your dreams ain't easy. Just stick by your Plan To go from voice, voice to man. They don't sing with me e they don't ing with me. That's why I don't fuck with them in real life. But give it to me. This is entry level business. No It ain't It is called a swot analysis. SWOT. And if you think Universal Music Group don't know how much money all of their competitors have and know what their competitors are able to potentially dish out for our, our artists of Drake's magnitude. You are sadly mistaken. Ish, you're, you haven't seen your competitor with Bill Belichick Coaching.


True. And you haven't seen your competitor with Bill Belichick and Tom Brady. Stop it. I'm not dis stop it. Five. I'm not disagreeing with you. What I'm telling you is you ain't seen it. If you think that these other companies don't know Go In, That Corner and make me happy, We'll see. Or I'm hoping to get me and Bill Belichick may go over here and do what we have to do. And if we think you're going over there with Bill Belichick, We're gonna put as much smarter on, On your name, on your way out. And Tom Brady left Tough And doesn't owe the Patriots in the syringe. Well in my, in my in my thing Bill Belichick go, goes over there with him And where's Bill? Right? In my, in my podcast thing I'm saying, and they went together. He's he's with us podcasting.


I'm not talking about him. Yeah, You say that. But there's rumors out there of Bill Belichick coaching the Raiders with Tom Brady over there. So Tom Brady, that rumor does exist. Tom Brady over where? The Raiders. The Raiders suiting back up. No, He doesn't need own a as an Owner. Oh. Because he owns a piece of the 10. Oh, okay. So there, there are rumors of them linking back. Hey that I love that example. Look at the Raiders today and what do you think they'll look like in five years with Tom Brady owning and bill ache over there? I don't wanna hear that shit. Go in the corner and make me happy. That's It. Hey yo. And I'm gonna use your same analogy. UMG in this particular instance is the Patriots Belichick. I'm not talking to UMG no more. I said they're Belichick.


I'm, I don't want, I'm not talking to UMG. Go get me the bank people And they are gonna laugh you. Yeah. What was his name? You said his name. What's the No, they not Joe. No they not. Lemme Ask you, lemme ask you a question. No, They're not. They can't, They what They they not The bank people. Yes. Okay. We're going to get on a bank cracky neck Nigga. No, I'm care. I don't care. We gonna, We gonna get on somebody's private jet and we gonna fly you over here to Japan. I'll take my own. Okay. We going and then I'll take my own. Cool. Have my own and then go to Australia, the owl nigga. Then we gonna go to Switzerland. Yeah. And these people that are through some money in Universal music group, these niggas own all the soybeans in array.


Like yo dog. These is oil niggas. These is diamond niggas. These is fucking Weapons. I I ain't want even go into the illegal shit. What the No, I'm not talking was be careful. I'm talking about legal ones I was With like, these is the nigga niggas that make your like oil tycoons. That little universal money might be 2% of my portfolio. You and your singing ass don't get to sit at my table. You don't. We make billions a day, nigga. The billions you talking about are I give that to my kids. Like, yo, get your fucking ass outta here. It's levels to this. I'm rooting for Drake in this particular thing.


So I, I don't want to act like I'm standing against him wanting to stay Right there. Stay right there. Stay there, stay right there. The kids are the people that's running it now. No, not in all instances. Stop, stop. Slow down. Slow down. Just slow down. Just work with me here. Me and you both broke. We ain't fighting the oil niggas are tending to their oil business. Yes. They over there with the fucking, the rig. Yeah. They, they have drills and they doing what they're doing what they're doing. You're right. We've given this little black music thing that you got going on. What you got like me trying to explain what I did for a living to my aunt and Catherine That was, did anybody do that at Thanksgiving?


What's that like? Everybody know your whole family, your girls' family. Everybody know what you do? Yes. They all, how? No. How do they understand? Don't that concept. They don they Don't, they don't get it. Don't understand. They Don't understand it. The big, tell me if you guys get this, they wanna know how do you make money from that? No. They wanted to know if I'm okay. Wait, what? Because The clip, the clip, the clips that go viral, dude. Most shit on the planet. So they'd be wondering facts. My life is in danger. Oh Shit. Mine too. Mine too. Nah, that's the question though. Yeah. Like how do you make money? How, how do you make money from that though? That's always the question. Yeah. Do you answer it? Yeah, nigga. I don't know. I work there. I get the job.


That's how I go. Same way you go to your job. If somebody ask me, I'll say how the same way television or radio makes money. How do you think they make money? Nah, I'll say none That shit that's above me. The same way you go to your job and you get paid, you know how at I go to my job, I get paid. You Don't know how Verizon Makes money. So you you you just, you just preventing them from asking for money. Yes. I got you. Yes. Yo. Yeah, I Got it. Oh man. What I'm telling you is, and I don't have time to fucking find it right now and look it up, but the oil dudes have sent their kids to go run whole music labels. So while We talk about Lucy and son taking over at Warner.


Yeah. Warner was it the bank dude's son is the one that took over and and put him there. So that's young people. Let's put age into the group, I mean into the conversation. Those are young people. The oil people over there. No, it's a Fact. No. In some instances, Yes. No. In this instance that we talking about in this one, these, these are facts. I'm saying dogs. So the young, so the kids are at that other building. It's not, I'm telling you a fact. You you talking about, and this is where we are losing each other. You're talking about a person that has a job. His kids are the head of x. I'm talking about shareholders that own blocks of this particular corporation that make Let finish please you saying the shareholders to children.


Yes. Yeah, that's what he's saying at that building. I can pull up the name and do the research, but for conversation sake, just trust me that oil dude's kid understands his value is running this building and put his kid over here to run it. So those are the kids. Those are the kids. However minuscule they viewed of this music money or whatever. Hey here, this is for my lineage to fucking run. Yes. You have to equate that into the matter now. So if you owed heads over here, don't want to gimme whatever you're giving me. There are some younger people that may throw a cog in the situation and gimme exactly what I'm asking for.


One, two, I'm not talking about nobody's oil money, but if I'm of the belief that you got some of these big deals off of my back. So now let's speculate to what that Spotify deal may look like. That's your own imagination. We don't know below our pay grade. But imagine it, if I find out that that deal that's bringing in way more than whatever the fuck we talking about It is It directly attached to me, then back to what I said, Go In, That Corner. And find something that you have not revealed yet to me and present it. And until that happens, I'm not budging, nor am I giving you fire.


You getting a p and d album, you getting a collab project over here. But the the real shit, the shit that 40 home working on or whatever the real, real, real heat is. No, I'm not putting it out. And that's Not And plenty of artists have been there. No, And I and I heard that That is what he was doing purposefully. So With all that, you still, my question to you is you still tell me No, No, I'm not saying fuck myself Dick. I'm saying that you have to be prepared if you them. It's not a ga No, I'm telling Pretend beat them and let me be Drake. Lemme I'm telling you that I I'm rooting for him to win. There's a scenario where they can tell him No, you're saying that that scenario does not exist. Well No, of course it exists. I'm saying 'cause I'm putting us in the mix.


That's where I'm putting the hard Line up. I would, I wouldn't have a problem with doing fair business period. I don't have a problem with that. So I think that if this boy has generated 20 million billion dollars and bought him through our doors, then he should be entitled to a a a a handsome ransom. What I'm also saying is that when somebody else sees him doing that, the gang's gonna be follow the leader and we gotta kind of create some separation from that in a business realm. Only. Fuck the personal part of it. Yo, he has been entitled to this. If I give it to him, it's definitely gonna be on a sneak. I'm not letting Taylor know, I'm not letting Travis know. I'm not letting these other niggas know because pretty soon they could come. You don't wanna set The precedent. Hold on, hold on. Lemme just reply to him real quick. Fast. Real fast, real fast. We came in here before when, when the beef shit all first popped off and we speculated that the rest of the industry heard about a secret deal that Drake got and that's why they were beefing with him.


True. That's kind of what you're saying. Like, yo, if we give this nigga this kind of deal, this could set some shit up. Could it sets the president. See, see now I put some of that, I I put some of that on back to me saying that there's some accountability on his part. I think that he was running around like it was dip on his chip and he may have put a few bars in verses before shit was finalized and or maybe had started was loose at the lift. I don't know. But I think That is how his peers may have found something out or started to guess or speculate. 'cause these companies are cut a deal, cut a deal with fucking Joe Schmo over here.


Write it in the contract. That's what I was about to say to Ish. Alright, I agree. Write it in the contract. It'll never get out. The end. The end. I agree with you. Write it dear. Nobody will ever find out hip hop. It'll be an undisclosed amount of money. We won't talk. But it's big than hip hop. See we not talking, it's not hip hop. And that's the trick. I say We long gone over hip Hop. When I say this hip hop, the, the the the braggadocious part of the rapper is gonna to put that out there one way or another. Yo, My response to you, he's going to my response to you is not if it's enough money when Jimmy Iovine tells Dr. Dre to shut the fuck up for the next two weeks until the ink is dry. He should do so. Agreed.


But what happened? It's hip hop. He Talked didn't Bragger do shit, hip, hip hop shit. But Jimmy Iovine is my man. We tight. He was tight. Go let go. Let Tim, Tim and them know that You know what I mean. That wasn't really my bad. Had to yeah. Had had to smooth that over my bad and then it gets done. And it was a penalty for that. Of course they lost money or that a very big one. But guess what? I don't care if I told all of my friends and I don't think you should, but none of them can go in here and talk like me. There's not one rapper in the world that can go in here and talk like me. You can't have conversations. Now will it make it annoying today?


But today there's not one. It it may have a point they put Him to that point where he could do it. That's what I'm saying. Man. They met halfway. Yeah. I don don know I'm not I'm not putting it all on that it was a marriage met. It was absolutely a marriage. It was the perfect marriage. A marriage that we might not see. Listen, Larry Jackson sat there in LA and told me that, and I don't know if I believe it, but he said it that that Drake catalog. Yeah, I saw That is worth more than the sixties, seventies, eighties and nineties combined. Combined all artists during those decades. Everybody. Yes. That's what he said. Yes. If there's somebody that would know, I would think it's him. I didn't fact check it 'cause above my pay grade. Right.


But if that's true, wow. Buddy. Go, In, That, Corner. That's a hell, that's a hell of a negotiation Stand. Yo, Go In, That Corner. Go get your boss. Get your boss's boss. Get Queen, queen whoever. You gotta go get the whole what's that bank get the World Commerce Bank. What's the bank? They run all This shit. The national What's the bank? World Bank Go to the World Bank. Tell them call a cartel. Anybody ever got the money? You gotta get them too. Gotta car. Have the cartel meet you at the World Bank. Let them know that I am perturbed getting a headache, I a migraine.


don Big, I'm tied to even dealing with this and, and y'all got this. Not like us record going. That's why they did it. Get your ass. That's why they Did it. That's why they did it, bro. I I listen. That's what I'm asking. I don't wanna I don't wanna be the go ahead. So You, you saying you keep saying go to the corner. Go to the corner. What hap what advance it. So they come back. Yo, we not doing nothing else, dog. This is our offer. I'm gonna Warner, But you can't leave. How are you leaving is My point. I'm gonna leave. You gonna find a way. I'm gonna wait. Slow down. I'm gonna leave. Well, unless you got some tea. No, No, no. I he gonna leave. He gonna leave. He gonna leave. I got enough money I'm gonna leave to Fight it. Yeah, I'm Gonna leave. Yeah. I got enough money where I could show the, if you tell Me nothing and shaken, I'm gonna find a way to leave.


And I bet you he has a way to leave. And I bet you people what I'm saying these suit is, is to get him a way to leave. True. Well that's Part of the way to leave. Yeah. And I and I dog, they said that they, you heard what? What you heard you, you been on the phone since the last po What you heard? No, I'm just saying I heard that he, he was giving them a Fuck you. I heard the album art, all of that shit was a fuck you to them. Oh yeah. My son did it. I heard he was really purposely like, yo, I don't, It is what It is with you niggas. That nigga got albums in the top and all of that. And I'm not giving you no heat. I'm gonna drive the, I'm gonna drive your number down just to show you, like you said again, we tie it back. Where's Warner's, where's Warner's stock at right now? Look why he look That up? We tie it back. This like we said, certified level boy It is like point because They everything We said, everything's Been made So that intentionally Y'all Stock is down.


I'm proving to you that hey, if I ain't delivering y'all number, going there, we said certified Loverboy, outside of the timestamp was throwaways. It could have legitimately been throwaways On purpose. Listen, I think it been mid For while I'm giving you niggas an album, y'all, I need to give y'all an album. He said you want an album Here go here go album. You not getting the heat. That would also explain the decline in lyricism. It would explain everything. People keep saying, oh, he want to appeal to everybody. I don't know. I don't know. It would explain it all like, yo nigga, no, y'all not getting none of this.


I'll mail all This shit in. I think that everybody would be, or I think Warner, I think you, I think all of them have a vested interest in not allowing this guy to do what he's trying to do. See, I think that's what's taking so long. I parties, I think they all on the same team in that there many Parties. There's too many parties that have a vested interest and will be affected, heavily affected if, if I turn around, if I leave. So it's gonna take a while for y'all to go in the corner and talk. And some people may no seriously, and some people may need convincing. Yo, There may, there may need to be a lunch that happens within the lunch. I'm, I'm so for real y'all. I'm not, I'm not.


Hey Yo, the company that I've been there on a smaller scale, a hey, go to the, go to the deli. Yo the company Go to Starbucks. The, the, the shareholder that has the most shareholder in UMG, the company. I was just looking it up. vin's somewhere in Chinas. What's It's not, That's One of them. It's ndi, vin No, no, no. Some shit. Alright. I don't wanna say names out. I don't wanna say names. Okay. It is Concerto. I Mean It is public information. So Concert I still names. Okay. No it's not concert. I'm with you. Concerto Partners LLC has has 19.92% brothers Discovery Concerto Partners s as a 2000. And as of June 30th, 2023, concerto Partners LSE have 19.92%.


Dennis ndi SE has 9.98%. But here's the thing. Well this is according to Wikipedia, 10 10%, which does mostly video games. It is 20%. The It is, is is 18%. Yeah, That's what I'm Saying. But also the chairman of Vivendi, which owes 10%. Exactly. I see what you're saying. But Oh Shit. But, but Parks, Tencent, which is the game company as the, the concert to was Tencent is under the concerto or some shit like that. But I was just saying, okay, say it again. That's the game company, correct? In China. Tencent? Yes. Oh, Pershing Square on yo dog. Wow. Lavinian It's niggas that he can't Get a meal. Fuck man.


Yeah, You sit your little, yeah, it's just different bro. Listen, It is levels to it. Ericsson, we getting you a camera in the mic back there too. No Warner Trading. You could be helpful. Go Hold the fuck on nigga. I'm sorry. Warner's trading at $32 and 52 cents today. Right Now they signed Drake today they stock Mike shoot the $40 in two Days. There's no might about it. That's true. There's no might about it. I don't, I I if he leaves them, I don't even see him going to Warner. I I'm, I can can see him shooting over the game with Larry and getting a piece and, and have some equity and I, I think, I think they gave 'em equity tomorrow. Yep. If they didn't already. But let's stay on the Warner Joe, I wanted to ask you a question Up. Let's stay on the Warner.


Y'all be pleasing over. Pardon? Shit, come on. If they at $32 today and we don't know how powerful Drake is, we just assume. But we know it'll jump. It'll jump. It's going to Jump. See, but Joe Rogan proved what the jump look like. Yes he Did. He did. So now you can't talk to me no more. True. And if he manages to do that, Aubrey, then what does that spell for the company that has had a choke hold on the market share for the last however many years? It's, it spells death. Not necessarily death, but it definitely raises some eyebrows. I agree with you. But like to your, to your point though.


So Not Oh no, no that don't Go. Wait, wait, wait Joe, not too many people could make that jump. It Don't go like that. It ain't gonna be so go in the corner. We heard it. That's It. And again to, I ain't, I don't, I don't even know if Drake would do that. I think Drake might see some of the shit that Kanye is doing if He could do what he want. But look, Our fight, we was saying if this fight ain't about money, so Okay, what is it about then Call Larry Jackson. Tell him get the, get the equity. I don't, I don't, I don't think I don't see him getting a piece of Warner True. Another check. There's another check over there. But a piece Could be So if the fights, that's not True. Yeah, that's not True. Because when they hire CEOs and shit and the CEOs don't generate revenue in that capacity, like Drake would generate revenue, they still give these CEOs huge, huge stock option packages.


So him getting a crazy stock option package is, is ownership. Yo Dog. People are out here get, getting these packages and getting equity in companies and it's just not being announced. But the equity don't be a, a nice portion. Like we got some people seven zillion outstanding shares and we give you 300,000 shares technically. Is it equity? Yes, It is, But yes but not, yeah, but I, I think there's people out there that's cracking them. Really? Yes. I can only think of one Who? Taylor Rogan. Oh Okay. So if there's one, there's others. It opens the door for others. Correct It it op it at least allows for absolutely the conversation to be had If you are of that ilk. I agree with you.


All I'm saying is I think Drake is of that ilk. He is. I think something has happened to where he has realized a few things and now go in the corner and come back and say something. That's Definitely the day Go corner. That's gonna make me happy. That's It. You got one job. Yo. Make me happy A question. So what were these petitions? He's not spending shut up. What were these petitions? Why were Oh yeah, they be getting up afterwards. She be too early in the stock leave alone. Sold Bitcoin at $8. Yeah girl. Hold off on it.


Anyway. Big mail. Big mail sold. Sold that point out. Hold on. So lemme cash out. Are y'all fucking done? Yes. Okay, Get it all out your fucking system. Okay. We're So immature. So what were these petitions? Like a provocation to accomplish because they still exist. I'm not bullshitting. Yeah Anna, I put you on notice But hold on. But okay, so we're watching this in real time unfold in the court of public opinion. And the vast majority of people, first of all they think these are lawsuits, not petitions. Yeah. And petitions are fi are fact finding missions, you know. So what happens to Drake's, you know the perception of him as an artist, his likability and people's desire to even listen to him.


All that shit give shit about him. That shit gets all, That shit gets reversed with slaps. Yeah. Slap slaps slap. And I thinks only one demographic really looks at this with a negative. We could fix that. The only demographic that looks at this as a negative is urban black people. Oh he's ratting Or he's snitching or he the streets. Yeah, the streets outside of that. And they are Small. He left. He left that he went to go out a very Jewish conversation. Oh for sure. Yo he put that fucking shit on. Yeah. And walked out. Put that's why he cut the hair. Y'all With the braid. They looking at me different when I walk in these boardrooms now they looking at me different. No, no. Lemme cut This. shit I'm gonna show you.


Cut This shit. Shalon. Okay Listen again. As I opened with, I think two things can be true. They could be, I think that he could be a total sack of shit. I say yes to that. Y'all say no and you gotta, you gotta gotta pay him. You gotta pay him. And I object to y'all fans out there that think because y'all think I'm a sack of shit that I can't identify another sack of shit Takes one Know I think that actually exactly. I don't understand that. Actually Understand these fans. These fans be like oh the nerve of you to call somebody that you think they are. You think sack's a shit. Don't know know each other.


Other people are sacks of shit. You don't think rude people ever meet Bump into somebody and be like he's Rude. We know. Yeah, you right the spot motherfucker mile away. He's hundred percent right. I know we Call him out. My mom wanted tickets to a show and I didn't get her the tickets to the show. I think a few of y'all went to the show. That's terrible. And she kept talking about yo man, well and she kept talking about, yo man I really wish I'd have been in this show. And I'd been like, well I wasn't getting you a ticket and She ain. Why? I was like, 'cause I think that guy is obnoxious I think. And before I can get to the second one, she start busting out laughing. She said Ha. So I was offended. And I said that's you trying to say I'm obnoxious.


And she said, do you know what obnoxious means? And I said I Love it. Well I'm gonna look it up. And I looked it up and as you would have it, I'm obnoxious. Really? You lying. Say you lying. Nah. What? Let me look it up. I didn. They lying color Us. Surprised. Nah, I didn't know that color. Y'all knew that color Us Surprised. That's racist. No it's fucking don't say color. I didn't Say color. Don't say color. I don't say color. I say color though. Color us. Surprised Who's us? No you Us now. Not like us. They Not like us. I did not know I was obnoxious. Oh. Anyway, I forgot how I got here Saying that piece of shit. People said you were piece of shit.


Yeah And he didn't pay him. That was why We left Him. Why he so happy? I'm obnoxious. You think I'm happy that you're He's happy you discovered that you are. How can I change it? Wait, lemme look it up again. You have to become a little bit more demure. Oh God. Sorry. No, it's obnoxious. Demure motherfuckers Too. Some some of the most obnoxious Niggas be demure. I'm I'm obnoxious. 'cause of my job though Joe. Let's see. See look man. Highly objectionable or offensive. Yes you are. I'm those things 'cause of work. I Think capital O nigga But annoying or objectionable due to being a show off or attracting undue attention to oneself.


See that's capital. That wasn't it the other day. Where did We land on you being a show off though? Oh I'm not. You did the bagel and let your disrespect. Yes, that nigga is, I'm not but bro it's all Right. You think I am? No. Yeah, seriously. Oh you doing that face shit there flip. See that's why I flipped. No. Nah, I didn't even look at the fucking camera that face shit. I looked right at you. Shit. You think I am? You wash do a show off? No You are show Off. I think that you're slightly ostentatious. I am. She always try to get you got the job nigga This shit gonna be renewed. You're gonna get the renew, you got the job. I gotta look that up To ostentatious Ostentatious Million.


This I got the older Word. How do you spell that shit? It starts with an O, not an a UO Austin Sound it out. O-S-T-E-N-T-A-T-I. Ostentatious. Yes. Damage characterized by. Oh you looking at on phone or given to pretentious or conspicuous show in attempt to, oh girl you gotta be kidding me. An attempt to impress others. My god. He made an ostentatious display of wealth by wearing a gold suit to a party like you do shit like that. Like you I I agree with her. I don't think any of you like you wearing, so you're wearing some fly shit. I don't think anybody Knows outta nowhere. You think this JBP sweater that we, I of feel like we just had an example, A prime example Exactly of Ostentatiousness.


This very quietly, subtly dropping the luggage, the Dior bag. Oh the whole Yes, yes. It is, you could tell by that little saddle flap on it. Yes. It Says Christian on it. They got the whole word. That is a really nice bag though. So it looks, says Dior right on The really nice, I got that bag from Ish Peoples that that's off the truck. Oh Shit. You too proud to get your It is really off the truck. You See that shit You right. You walk in there And I only put the bags there to let, I only put the bags There. Move nigga to Let, to let y'all know that I was coming straight from a flight. It wasn't to impress others.


I Heard you were stopping for a manicure. I don't know where you heard that from. Oh, I heard It around Here. And these are not freshly me harass my is Monday at 1130. We are, Don't play with that nigga. Come to his job. He going crazy now. 1130 on Monday is my manicure appointment. Please don't believe anything that you hear from other people about me. You can call, call me and text me at whole time. Okay. So let me ask you a question. Got it, you my man. Right. I don't even Want to, that means I'm not, I Preface it. I don't even want to have this fight. Go ahead and I'm gonna prospects, You walked in here the other day with a couple keys. Mm No, I walked in here the other day with my back. You had several keys on the table And I picked it up and I showed the world.


I'm listening. So the fact that you walked in with those keys Exactly. Or you put 'em on the table Talk. What was the purpose of doing that? The purpose was so that while I was recording in the event that Corey had to go down there and move something or get something or drive it somewhere for me, that he wouldn't have to dig in my bag into my personal belongings. So you put all three of them there. He has options. Hey yo, can we got, we got options. Get the, for a Sig break. You can't get up or throw your, y'all throw me in my bag. Huh? You get up to promotion on your legs, Nigga to show off to y'all. Yes. No, you knew exactly what you was doing with that fucking with Nessy camera.


Why would I need to show off to y'all in those vehicles that y'all drive? I drop some bullshit. That's what I'm Saying. I drop bullshit. Y'all niggas got s Like why would Yeah, we just bullshit compared to yours. Right. That's That's the point though. We my man pull This shit. Right. Ish, Ish, Ish. I ain't gonna lie. What color? And I looked what color, but I heard, I went to go check out what my shit gonna look like. It is too hard. Right. What color? What color? Ish. He'll hear us though now. He'll never let that nigga ido you. His What color is it gonna be? You talking my fucking nigga? Anybody asking you a question?


What color is what? Nigga never came out the the color, the new car you got? I don't have or vehicle. He's about to, I don't have A new, he Don't have it yet. The one that's Coming, he have yet The one that you are planning on getting the bravas. What color? You keep listening to these Guys, man. You know you gotta getting, it's called, I don't a Brava. He said It is brass. He's pronouncing it wrong. You, I can't afford that. That was it. I cannot afford that. So don't listen to them. Oh, it's back to lie day. Yeah. Yeah. We get our lives off. It's Back to lie day like that hoodie too, Bro. We got 300 doors, but he can't afford it. That Hoodie. Oh, Thank you? Yeah. Nice hoodie for sale. Thank. you not currently? No. Okay. No, it's just for my, it's my skin.


JBP joint. Right. That's nice. What's up with you? I'm just, I just Love it. I just Love it. I love, I love what my man is. What's it called? Ostentatious. Come here after the shit hit, come here with the America merch. You just be doing shit. I all that shit nigga. After This shit. I'm a ostentatious watching nothing. The ostentatious Watching. That's Funny. So numbers is down for the month, man. Who you talking to? Nigga? I'll slap fire you on This shit down, nigga. I'll get fired today. I'll slap you nigga. I'll slap you nigga. Who the fuck you talking To? I know when the numbers is down. I know down your walk is different. When the numbers down, you start walking sideways. When the numbers is down, when it's up, you walk straight ahead.


There's no scoliosis today, nigga. Back up straight. We have a really, really great Part of the Show. We have a really great Part of The Show. You trying to get out here and quit. We have a really great segment for you guys. Aldi It is time for my favorite Part of the Show Prize pick cake. Yo. Yo. Yo. Wait before I do PrizePicks big mail with your vocab having ass. How am I ostentatious? And I have vehicles that I'm not driving. Yo, that's ostentatious in the top For real. I think that you're not Driving your No, if I was ostentatious, I'd be all up, nigga.


When I got My hands on Web Lil 600, whatever that little drop chop shit was, boy I was everywhere. I was in front of crowns. I was up driving that whole strip to Newark by the movie, making a U-turn back up. I'm everywhere I wasn't supposed to be. How am I Austin taste You different now because you've been ready. There's levels to it. Yeah, there's levels. And you've been rich for a while. So you've settled into, y'all Gotta start. Yo y You've settled into this. So you're, lemme Ask you a question. I would've been pulled up to mermaids, diamonds, starlets, lust, Atlantis, vanity, whatever the name of that shit is. The shit of Monty be going to Luscious White Girls.


What's that shit in the city? It Is white girls. Alus Sapphire. Sapphire. Yeah. With the luscious white girls. Look, you look at you knowing Sapphire. Yeah, I would've been all over town. Stop. Stop misrepresenting me in in front of this audience. Okay Joe. So let me ask you a question. Have you pulled the, have you pulled the yacht up right there? That's not ostentatious. If I pulled a yacht up right there, You Know what? That's where. That's where they park yachts. No, we don't park. s right here. What? Oh, if I pulled it right here. Oh yeah, that's a lot. Lemme tell You. Okay. That's a lot Joe. Joe. You'll say yo, the Hudson is for boats. That's the river. That's for boats. Joe is subtle. Ostentatious. Yes, Joe is, I'm gonna tell you.


No, no, listen. Bullshit Ost. I'm gonna tell what he do. He don't want brag. So he'll put This shit there knowing that. Flip a seat. The key knowing X, Y, Z and then somebody do it for him. Thank you. Yeah, he's Manipul. Yeah, he Manipul, ostentatious man. Say nothing. You know how we gotta get him next time We do shit though. Nobody acknowledge it. Like it don't even gotta be About get, get your dog off my jacket. Do you know what That is? Yeah. It cost more than your dog. Get that fucking Yo. You remember that? Oh, I do. Yo, You going to drink milk in a strip club with a crisscross applesauce with a chocolate cake and the milk. That's Austin. That's ostentatious. How? Because you know it's gonna invoke some Reaction.


Reaction. Like you being seen, you being Different. You standing out. I'm telling you intentionally standing out. Yo, you going in the you and ice or, or you first going in the strip club with your laptop out on the desk in the strip club. That's ostentatious. Ostentatious. Yes. I. gotta look the word up again. Who the fuck goes to the strip club with They laptop open. Who is, how is that showing off anything? It's Because you know that people are gonna come in that's not showing. Look and say, yo, this guy Joe crazy. I crazy. I got a man book in the strip club. I'm writing raps. I'm actually doing work in here. Fuck you bitches. Like that's not, oh man. Is anybody else in here Ostentatious? It's not the point that we making nigga. I was trying to do some deflection. No, no, no, no, no. I was just adding on to and I wasn't asking you.


No, I let Him answer though. Yeah, I wanna hear his answer. Okay. Let him answer. Let me answer or let the room answer you first. You started by saying it's, I've Seen tongue, I've seen people in here do ostentatious things. I don't necessarily know if it's in their DNA Real really quick. We're not taking away Mel. Is anybody else in here ostentatious? No Flip, No Ice. Yeah. I don't know what the fuck they they knew. They knew. Parks. Parks. Anybody else in the ostentatious Yeah man, All this stress on, I Got it. This big house, couple cars. I bring half of them shits out all to say spa. I drink just to piss out. Mean I like taste could saved myself six hours.


How many times can I go to Mr. Childs towels? No, boo. Hold up. Lemme move my bow. I shit on y'all niggas OG tell these boys about shit. On my nigga I ain't seen in a Trump only slept in once. Ain shit on my nigga I gotta, I ain't in, I got, I in a only slept in. Mm. That boy different. He's the, he's the best nigga.


Just different. Did did that land on you? You wanna play the other verse? Did like, yo, I like that verse. I Know you do. That's cool Dke. Let that shit breathe. Why you always do that? I'm Playing y'all. I'm joking. Yeah, don't do that. Don't do. I'm joking. You can move Your bags now nigga. We saw. All right. We get it. You, you dedicated Jesus. I'm at work fa I'm at work. Whoever This is, I'm move. Sure. I'm move. Hate to be Ostentatious. Ostentation. Alright. How about baby bar to the show? Fuck with these niggas Talking man.


You. all Right.


PrizePicks is my favorite. My favorite. It is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Super easy and simple to play. You can get this done in 60 seconds or less. All you have to do is look across all sports. Pick two to six players, look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win big. And it's holiday time. So a lot of people might be doing something. So I seen homegirl win a million dollars the other day. Congratulations to her. Let me hit that applause. What am I doing? What am I doing? I'm still not leaving. The Baltimore didn't play the day right? I'm not leaving the Derrick Henry train. I got Derrick Henry from more than 80 Rush Yards. Let me get freaky a little bit. Let me see, let me see. Let me see. I'm off the dome with this one. Let me see, who else do I, oh, I'm going my man. Drake, London. I'm going Drake London. Yep. Riding the Drake London train. I got Drake London for more than 70 receiving yards. Let's go with, let's go with George Kittle, who's having a great season. Having a great season. And shout out to the La Porter fantasy owners. He finally showed up for y'all. A lot of y'all wasted a good pick on Sam La Porter this year. I'm going with George Kittle for Let's give him a TA td. Yep. Let's give him a to. I'm going with George Kittle for a touchdown. And I will go with, I'm not trusting McCaffrey yet. I'm riding Bo Nicks train. I'm riding Bo Nick train. Gimme Bo Nicks for more than 250 pass yards better. Pat Mahomes. Yeah, he hot doing fire. He washing. I don he washing. All right. Washing. They asses up. He been going crazy Sneakily too. Well, pat Mahomes has the Raiders. Denver has Cleveland. Monique's gonna go crazy. Bon gonna go crazy. Okay, listen, listen. Download the app today and use promo code JB P for your chance to win $50 instantly as soon as you sign up again for the people that are in the back. Download the app today and get $50 instantly when you use promo code JJBP. And good luck to all participants out there and run your game. Big price picture.


Hey, that commercial was on a lot the other day. I ain't gonna lie. I was watching the football games, eating my food. Like hey look at me. Oh look at me man. Anyway, go in the corner and find my money and my, and my board seat and my equity and give me half a gimme two chains catalog too. I want some catalog too. While, while I'm up in here, I'm about to be on. He probably already owns. So I'm about to be on some royal, anybody that pissed me, me off, I need This shit. Prior already owns, they said he do records with all this. He gets the, the bigger percentage of the royalties as he should. And he would. Yeah, that's, that's regular shit. He should, he'd be in the background playing mono, not playing Big boy monopoly with these niggas.


Anytime a future go out stupid ass fans throw Drake. Hell it. Yeah, I bet he did. What else y'all wanna talk about, man? What else y'all got? Why Happy Ice Cube says Hollywood is Not paying. Nah, I was just saying that. Don't look at you. Look at you. Look at What nigga. We Ready to po throw Something out then We gonna talk all. So gimme something good. Gimme something good. Gimme something good. I'm asking y'all a question. Actually lemme see. Joe Was about to move my bags. Yes. Ish, this is for y'all. I might me to, well he's not on mic. What do you do when, when your son is at home? No crying. No, it's a It.


is a, a child playing a little too aggressive with your kid? Is that my kid's friend? No, your kid just met him. I mean it's It is it's Thanksgiving holiday shit. And this kid's around, but there's just one kid that's just being a little too, Is his parents there? Yeah. I keep my kid away from that kid. Can't, Can't. Yes I can. So then your kid is like out of the fun, out of the, with All the other kids. All the kids are playing on that. He's now, you separated your kid. Well yeah, but I'm gonna go talk to the parent and if the parent don't start supervising the kid in a way that's to my satisfaction, then the only thing left for me to do is pull my kid from this mix.


When there was a kid and he was, he was playing, I don't know if he took a liking to my daughter or something. I mean it was a bunch of kids. We talking about eight, nine, all within roughly the same age range. But he just kept that Girl dad shit. He just kept, you know, pulling on her sweat, just a little too rough with her. And she's screamed Daddy I gotta come get her, you know, cool out the father come and get him. He's like, yo, you, you playing too rough time out. Can I, he gives him a time out. Can I slide the dad? I Couldn, This is, I ain't trying to slide nobody over at Thanksgiving, Bro. If I could slide to dad then, But it, it happened again. And After the timeout p After the timeout.


P, PP. And that's when I'm like, those are tricky Situations. It Is very, I mean, and it depends on the parent too. Like I tell my kid, yo hit them back and you know, it depends. It It wasn't hit. It wasn't any hidden. It wasn't any hidden. He was just Role play. I mean like just rough. I have to agree with what Joe said. You may have removed the kid. I did eventually. I was like, yo, we, If the parent is not disciplining their child to your satisfaction. He tried. Yeah, He tried. He called. He, he, you know he pulled the kid out, time out. The kid went right back in there and it's just, he was just a little too, it's a girl. And then exactly It is his son. So Too Rough. Yeah. I'm like yo. Oh I'm gonna talk to the Kid.


A tell your kid stop a stop. You know I tell him Your daughter got hands. She do. But I don't want her fighting. I try to keep her from doing That. Okay. I'm just joking anyway. Oh yeah, she do. She like question Does your daughter have hands Oh Shit today? That's a valid question. So crowd from God, five mm. So I'm just asking, what would y'all do in that s situation? It's a tricky Situation. I answered it. I think. I think you did the right, the right thing by removing your Daughter from, and I know nobody there outside my girl. Yeah, Her mom. You did the right thing because the family made the family may jump you, you apologize to the dad. The family. Excuse Me. The family for on hold on dog. Hey I fault for my daughter even being there in your son's way.


That's what said Yeah you did the right, you did the right thing. I think you shook his hand. Said yo, I'm from Elizabeth too. Yo. Yeah, He from Camden. Oh I'm from Camden too. Other Nigga was from Camden. That Oh Shit damn ice Word. Wordless. No stop. You did the right thing. Word. You removed your daughter from a dangerous situation. You made money his plate. You ask ask you asked him if he ate if he ate potato salad. Yo, you eat pork? You, you wanna pour your drink? Yo, you eat pork money. Yo. You took care Dude. Let me, your shoes by the door. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


You did what? You voted no, you did the right thing. What size of these shoes fly? Oh yeah. Gave him your shoes. Yeah. Limited dish. Iverson. Ellie made six Pairers. You let 'em have them. Oh man, that's, Wait, hold on. Wait. Both of you were saying a little earlier that you guys received cash apps recently. Yeah. Look at you. I don't even At, Yes I want, I want to know This girl right here. I'm not gonna lie to you. She really the one, when they come to some Spanky, this nigga don't play. Yo, how'd you do That? She wasn't talking to you. So you said cameo. What I gotta do? I remember that day I was On, hold on, hold on. No, no. The nigga was sending Twitter monetization, all Of that. Yeah. Iers.


Okay, stop Mr. Fucking conversation. Iani gotta cash up to a hundred dollars for the same nigga. So Amani, Ish and Ice got a cash app for what now? A couple cash apps. For What? Just a good pot? Yeah. Yo, yo, yo. Y'all killed That is amazing. How did they know what your cash app is? I have no idea. Nigga Iani in my link tree. Need to know it. It's dollar sign officially ice. I don't even know how the dude did that. I'm deadass Do you want to, do you want to give them yours? How many? Because you, you were killed. I'm about to put that shit in my fucking link tree. How? Since you Got it there. Fuck it. That's not how it works. No, just put it nigga. You want to man. Yo man. Yeah man. The nigga, she always needs support.


Yeah, you Got it. What's Good for the, you know what fucking goose, geese, whatever the fuck For the Bird. But why for the Bird? Whoa. But why you needed to hear that from them to, to get active out there? Because I'm just like, if I was you, my days of paying a rent or mortgage would've been long gone. What? My days of paying my phone bill would've been long gone. Leave her alone. She in Central Park bopping around for free. Don't listen to them. But but wait, wait, hold On. She, she do that shit in somebody's living room and have her bills paid for the year. Bopping around for free. Mel, don't listen to her. Listen, listening man. I listen. Alright. Just wear your walk the dog outfit. The da walk daisy with the daisy Dukes.


Walk the fucking dog. Yo. You, you good? How much I got though? They said it. Come on man. You all a nigga You know what I mean. What? Oh dang. You wanna keep a secret? You want to like, yeah, He keeps secrets. And before we move on to anything important, I want to un, I wanna reveal another secret. I don't know it, but I want y'all to reveal it in our little spot that we used to go to that we used to frequent off Mike. Y'all were saying that somebody found out where Ish be parked his car. He don't use valet no more. Nah, he Don't use valet Now. I never use valet. But I don't drive, I, I pull up and get out. I use valet but there is a valet and that's where You know what I mean. Go and get that Where You park Ish.


So I was like, maybe Ish be parking two blocks away on some don't want 'em to see my shit. I'm want some low or some frugal. I'm not paying for the valet. And y'all said no You park in The front. So I'm gonna give you an opportunity to tell me first because you my man. I park my car in the front. Oh. They park my, they park my car in the front. Oh. They park your car in the front of the valets park. You can't park on the street though. They park my car on the sidewalk. Mm. Y'all ain't gonna lie. Nigga. Them tips you be giving To, that's ostentatious. That's not ostentatious.


That's a lot more ostentatious on the sidewalk. Me pulling my laptop out, That is not true. There ain't even no parking spots. It's just yo, we'll put yours right here Nigga put the Cherokee in the front. I tip. Sure. So when I come out they, they have a valet. You gotta wait mad long for your car. I pay so that my car's sitting right in the front and I get in my car and I pull off smart. I don't gotta wait for none of that shit. Also while We on this whole service Cash Ostentatious or not thing. And then I'm moving on 'cause I don't want to pod like I'm triggered by it. I also owe Jay Leno an apology because I came in here and I was like, no way in the world Jay Leno would be staying at the Hampton Inn.


Why the fuck would he be at the Hampton Inn? I got More information too. Well no, the Reddit detectives already uncovered how he fell down the hill. They showed the hill. He was doing his show. And this was the only hotel near the venue that happens. The next one was seven miles away. I Got it The Reddit. Reddit. Y'all did it. But What they did, I, they uncovered the fall down the hill theory and they proved the little Restaurant down the hill. The little spot was right there. And if you to get there, you gotta walk all the way around. But there's like a little drop off footpath that people have walked down and he fell down That walking down there, that's all L Leno Lie don't get you the nigga fell.


Man stop. Nah, he fell. He owe, I know he did. He owe, he fell. So he fell. I'm just saying I owe, I get it now because when I go down south, I have a little rinky dink hotel that I stay in and enjoy. And the people in there, no I don't have as much money as you. I'm Not even saying That. But the people in there, you got enough. Be like, What you doing in here? When I go down south, it's the same thing. They got the Holiday Inn Express and they got another, I think they just did like a aloft. Hell no. Too high.


No, no, no, no. She not. No, There's, I mean like they're in like smaller Fam where I, where my family is from. Don't, I'm not, I'm it ain't no a lts. That ain't bad. Alo aint AFTs Aof ain't that bad. Oh, y'all would know more than me. Aof Is better than Holiday Inn Express. Yeah. I don't know. It is, I disagree. I key Holiday Inn Express. I don't. And Holiday was at the Hampton Inn. Who Owns Aloft? Isn't it like Hilton or some shit like that? Listen to what I'm saying. Dog in these areas, they don't, if you get a residence and you get a You, know what I mean You good. He was seven minutes away from the fly shit.


Yeah. Now That's not what Red said. Oh Okay. I was about to say now speak to that. 'cause if you seven minutes away from the Ritz, well no you not staying in Hampton. Well when I in in Sumter they opened up some, well what is it they opened up some Hyatt downtown with where they say is where is where you should stay if you go. But that ain't, that ain't my bag. I go to my little rinky dink hotel with my rinky dink coffee where I just am comfortable and I know what's going on and but when I realized that I was like, Oh Shit, I owe Jaylen on apology. I shouldn't have kicked this back in like that. No, they kicked It is that you ain't the only one kicks his back.


Look how, forgive me. That's not funny. No we Ain't shit bro. Yeah, but y'all laughing. I'm I'm straight face. Oh man. Better Better his back than his face. Huh? Better his Back than his face. I can hear You better his back than his back. His than his face better his back than His face. Oh than his face. Yeah. Got it. I thought he said betters. I was like, oh. What else? What else, what else, what else is going on out here? Puff denied bail again. Again. Puff denied bail for a third time. This is even after they, the judge wanted to compare it to the Abercrombie dude and his son has reported that his son is banned from Blacklist Rent ranches.


Yeah. Huh? Rent Mans. Yeah. From Air getting Airbnbs in LA because they brought too many people after throwing too many wild parties. They've conspired against them. What do, how do y'all feel about Puff being denied bail for a third Time? I think it's unfair. I think that, I think that like the, the the, what's the rationale that they're using because they said he is witness. My brain is a tampering, interfering with witnesses. Right? Yeah. That can be done whether I'm in jail or not. You wanna make it hard as possible though. We know what you could do if you Out John Gotti fucked up the witness tampering game yo. How so? Because that's how he got off when he got off. He fucking paid the juror. Juror sent gifts to the, he was bugging out.


He was tampering. But the nice tampering. Yeah, Well I that all the time. Look. Yeah, no, we gonna try. Nice. Put little bit of that. Look we gonna try nice first and then we make your offer you can't refuse. Literally. Yeah. John Gotti had a few, a few mistrials or whatever that was. You ain't seen as many docs as I thought. Stop watching fucking dog. Meryl Streep docs Don John Gotti was whipping they ass to the point where they had to get his lawyer outta here. 'cause the nigga lawyer was so good. The Baldhead dude. And that's when they got him. They had to get his lawyer outta here first. The only way they can get him was to get the lawyer out there. But I think it's unfair that he not getting the bail. I I I don't, I'm I let's hear it Again.


The, excuse me. The other young lady from Dirty Money that came out with a statement and now they're saying that they got proof that he basically bribed her Yeah. Bribed her to put that statement out. So if we have this, we we have a history of violence in the thing against him. Like, you know, attempted to blow up somebody's car and this type of shit. We want to keep this dude away from people as much as we can because you could fuck, like you could fuck our case up and While you're in jail they can monitor all of his communication. Yes. That's why they tossed the cell. That's why they looking for, oh we found letters. We don't be trying To do X, Y and Z. We want this to go to trial and we don't want you out here having no type of opportunity to get anybody to turn that may have been willing to speak or people willing to come out now.


'cause people feel safe that you're locked up. Now why is That is not the case with the, the people in the same ballpark such as the Abercrombie? Dude, I don't, I'm not familiar with the Abercrombie case to, to compare that the Abercrombie dude ain't as powerful as Puff. But was it violence in there too? It it's them tossing his cell and releasing what they to like, you know what I'm saying? Like all of those things. It is It is It is, I'm not gonna say it's the same as Thug, but some of This shit that they was doing to thug some of the shit that they doing to Puff It is not necessarily customary. Like when you toss somebody's cell, I don't think that shit becomes public record. They tossed the nigga cell and didn't disclose what they found when they tossed the cell.


You know why? Because there's people saying why won't he get a bail? So now we have, we are letting you know, hey, we tossed the nigga cell without him doing this. They not, it's against the law to tell what they got when they tossed the cell. You could let the naysayers be the fuck quiet. You don't gotta explain nothing to them. You get what I'm saying? Again, all I think all of that just goes to try him in the public opinion. Absolutely. It So It is a high profile case. It is 1000% gonna be tried in the court of public opinion as well. They're fighting two cases here. True. It's it's the legal system and public opinion and they're, they're playing a dirty game on both sides. True. I don't think my rights should be violated because y'all don't know how to protect your witnesses. I agree with that Too. And your witnesses. Well what's violating, what's violating this rights?


Me not having a bail, but we are justifying you not having the bail. We're not just saying no, we're not giving just no. Let me ask you this. The girl from Dirty Money came forward and said Puff bribed her. No. No. She didn't say, she put out a, just put out a statement. Okay. In support of him. Got you. And then I don't know if it was electronically or through some written shit, but they then said, we found out that he, We Got a bunch of phone. So says okay, phone lock. So, so says that They said they, they, so from what I heard, he was calling shorty a lot. That don't mean I bribed you. That means you, my nigga and I'm thanking you for being in support of me. I need to converse with you on the phone. 'cause we friends, We, the, the amount of phone calls and the timing was what they was, what led them to, He also offered to hand in all of his electronic devices That led them to assume That should answer that.


Not saying there's no way around that, but that should answer to y'all thinking that I'm about to be calling people and threatening them. I'm not gonna have anything electric in this house and here's $50 million Bigger than that. I don't trust nobody that I will even call and threaten because they could leak it. Like if you know you getting a phone call from Puff, you gonna put your record, They could be taping. Yeah. Record. Yo, what's up? What's going on Big Dog? Yo, I'm gonna do X, Y, Z or Word. Oh, okay. I don't think he's that stupid. I don't know him. I don't think he's that stupid to do that. I think if he did want to threaten somebody, he gonna send Or go send him Roscoe over there to threaten him and he could do that from jail Or go send him to, to Utah or wherever they put NBA young boy around some officials.


24 hours. I mean that's a lot of work. But go put 'em in a site somewhere offshore. But to just keep 'em in, I guess it's easier to keep him in. It's easier. It is easier. It's Hard keep and it's easier to monitor the communication. Yes. He could go hit Roscoe and have him go do X, Y, Z and he can do the same thing while locked up. But it's more of an obstacle to get that message out when you, when you get home. That's true. That's true. So we're gonna make, not saying that we can, it's impossible for you to intimidate a witness even right now, but they're gonna try to make it as hard as possible for you to do it. Still. Fuck on my rights. A yo Bunky. What's up po? You got stamps and lemme get one of those man.


Dear murderer friend here. Need A little favor. Here is the list. What stamps? Y'all gotta mail it out nigga. You got, you got time on your minutes? No, no, no, No. This the, this the number I need you to call. No, because they gonna get No, they gonna watch him too. No, he has phones. Dear, Dear Murderous, Marvin, That part I forgot this s right? Yeah he is cell Phones. It is the address that I need you To, that I just, I think it's hard for him to properly defend himself under adverse conditions. And I think that's what I think their goal is. Which to me is kind of, and again, I'm not Cap, I'm not cap for Puff.


I felt, I Just think that his rights are being played with. I felt bad for Puff when it showed the his, the Thanksgiving Day menu in, in there. That shit looked like some bullshit while I was eating good. Like damn, this is Yikes. That far from Grace. I had the bullshit cranberry sauce. It was just jello. I didn't eat any cranberry sauce for it was Jello at best. Yeah, that's fucked up. That's fucked up word. What else? What else, what else, what else is going on out there? Missed it Last pod.


'cause we were beef focused or lawsuit focused or petition focused. The RB act, Khalid Khalid has been outed by an ex of his that he says is from mad years ago. But he was outed homeboy said dude was mad that I broke up with him and yada yada yada, yada. And then he put out some pictures and then Khalid came out and said, Hey you guys, he's right. I'm gay. I'm not ashamed of it. And now, you know, Onto the next Yeah, I just wanted to let Khalid know that we knew.


Yeah, yeah. Wasn't a shocker. Wasn't Yeah. Respectfully and Congrats and it's okay. Yeah. It's all Congrats. Yeah. Like love is love, love is love, love is Love. Well, not in this particular situation, but Why not? Well, I mean because they're broken up and that was some fucked up shit to do. Oh yeah, yeah. For his ex love to out him. That was was super fucked up. Yeah, for sure. But that was Why We stand with you. We Still well we knew what it was. Yeah. And everybody kind of knew like we had a, and it doesn't matter, we had a, but it was having a whole conversation with somebody about this and they were like, now I don't wanna listen. I I can't listen to his music the same way. Oh, Come on. Yo, you was, you did Not have a conversation like That.


I swear to God, I swear to God my friend we talking to, you Know what, she's ho erotic. Okay. Anyways. Yeah, But. yeah, no, we were having a conversation about that. I was like, well what's the difference? What's the difference between him and Luther? Everybody, you know, had an idea. Sorry, Goshen, Anything. Yeah, exactly. It doesn't change the, the music or the emotion that it evokes. A lot of people didn't know Luther was singing to Eric. The rumors were pervasive. Yeah. Like a lot of people didn't know it was all I'm saying. Okay, well I dunno. I thought that was an interesting take because, Well what did you say to your friend?


I said it doesn't matter to me. Did you, Did you tell her that was a wrong take to have and try to educate her Or to the man they were allowed to have their own take. Was it a girl? No, it was girl. No, It was not a girl. Oh look. Oh look what she talk about on the spend the night Yo. To couch on the guy to the Bed. Yo man, you are disgusting on the Sleepover. Hey homeboy said nah, cut that off. Shit. Mushy. That's Disgusting Bro. Homeboy was like yo shut. Oh my. Y'all don't even hear. I don't even listen to the dude.


Anyway, back back to what we got going on. Aw man, you are so cute. Feeling are cute. Let y'all to khali. Yeah man. Yeah, yeah. What else? What else? What else? What else do we have out there? Let me see, let me see. Let me see. Did anybody see Sexy Red rolling her weed on Kyat Stream? No. Oh my God. You serious? Yeah. Sexy Red smokes weed. Oh well no, she was snorting lines. Yeah. Yeah. Oh Shit saw that too. But she said that we didn't see her snorting lines. She was doing Lines on the live. Yeah. Yeah. She didn't know the camera was there. He Had a camera in every room in the house except the bathroom. And people Think when they're not sitting in front of the computer screen, They're not still on camera at this point. I'm dying to know what they're spending on these marathons.


Dog. A lot. A lot. I watch them. You don't know you're not amped. Yo. Oh Shit. You not amp you JBN You don't know what They do? No, I'm not. I'm nothing. I'm I'm FDN. That's number one. Number two. Hey, what's, Hey, Flip the Network. You not on amp nigga. I mean, you'll see. You don't know what they doing over there. That's, that's you, you don't know how much they spent. That's true. Yeah. You here. I can't wait till you see. So you come in, you right here with me and I used one of my days off to be up there. So you come in and and have a fucking headache. Nigga I gave you the days off. You use them. No, I, no, but December's coming. December's coming nigga. January. No, December's coming with my days off Renews Monday. Let Me ask you a question. Yeah. Let me ask you a question. What's up? I'm not you my man Juan Grant not shooting at you Don't listen to what?


None of them niggas on the end. This a do you think you could do a deal? What you do up here? Do what you gotta be, you gotta do what? Anything that you do up here, all of the things that you do up here. I could Do I. gotta do it. Would you do it over There? I do it anywhere. I do it anywhere. Okay. I'd do it anywhere. I mean, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Okay. I'll do it Anywhere. Ain't on top of that. That's it. I'm not, I'm not done talking. You caught onto the game by having Pole mo. Like that's it. They just gonna monetize off of my erraticness like you just tried to do. That's what they going to do.


You caught onto the game to the streaming game nigga. You did a fly. I saw you. That's it. Now I may, I may with younger niggas, I may get to a lot of fights or get jumped. I may have to use some other, I don't think they have the patience. Alright. Flip But. yeah. I'll be the same way. Kai and them also had some magician dude. Yeah. Get up there and pull a prank. He was pulling a prank on them. On Kai and them. Yeah. Yeah. So he went up there and was hanging himself a trigger warning. Yeah. And then he, the way he did it was like he cracked his neck and he was dead up there. And then it was all fucked up.


And then it was a whole big, whole big thing. He did it to Kai because when, when, when he was on Kai's stream before they was making Kai, they was making fun of him. Not making fun of him but trying to debunk his tricks. And they did some of that before. So when he came back this time, that's the plan he put together and he, I got, he made a prerecorded video that came out and he wouldn't come and apologize to Kai and the audience. So I have a real big problem with that prank in front of his audience. The suicide prank Is crazy. Yeah, that's, I Have not really a really big problem with that prank fucked up in front Kai's audience without his knowledge. I have a big problem with that, but I'm gonna shut up. That's Fucked up. Joe That Is absolutely nuts to do in front of 600,000 children.


As is cocaine by The way. We seen EU four. Yeah. Cocaine's bad too. But the suicide attempt is, That's nuts. Way Over the top. And We talk about in succession. That one was the day before. And then Sexy Red came also. Hey sexy Red. We had a hunch. We kind of knew that. We knew a little bit. Right. No, No. I ain't know. I ain't know. Oh, I knew Why. What, what, what gave it away? You know what he's gonna Say?


Nothing. Oh. Don't try to put me down with your shit. I ain't know. Explain to me in detail. Oh listen, shout out to them man. I just thought that prank, that prank was, that prank was crazy. I thought I was gonna see you on the stream soon. You Know, on my stream. On they waiting for you. Man, that shit Would be hilarious. That would be crazy. And You being frustrated with them niggas, Joe would be, You would. I was watching, I watched the him Drusky and Kevin Hart portion of That shit. Hilarious. I love Them videos. And I watched, I cut that shit on at nine o'clock and we ain't turn it off till like 10 the next morning. Hilarious. That shit was hilarious. I'm, I'm like, yo Joe up here in the room with the fucking, every time they do a number of subs, some shit Happening.


I built my business, lose it in a way that I wouldn't have to do that. I know. I'm just saying. We know. We know. I know. But it would be also in inappropriate humor news. Druke telling that little, the little dude, Hey, what's your name? Little, little fat ass nigga. I felt bad a little bit so I stopped And shorty was like Wednesday. She was like, no, not you. The little fat ass nigga. Right. And then the dude start crying and hugging constant that yo juice. come On Yo. I laughed way harder than I was supposed to at that. And then the cloud chasing mom. Yeah. Yeah. Who was looking for a check?


Got on talking about ah, You physically in Call them a gorilla. He called Back Gorilla. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Them people from them, them people from them other places. They be quick with that gorilla. It's gonna jump out Gorilla and Monkey. Shit. It be Fast. Oh yeah. They jump right out. It'd be fast. As soon as They get mad, jump right out Anyway. Drusky apologized. Yeah. Does He apologize? He apologized to the kid. Right. Tell to Dr. But it's funny This shit still Stop. Stop bringing your kid places you don't know where the fuck they at. Drusky Iss a comedian And he don't look nine years old. He look 12. See He is nine. Well you still shouldn't say it about a 12-year-old. It's alright to say. I mean 12 is, you know, I just think Dru what you did at 11 Nigga, I just think is of the impression that everybody entering here knows what time It is.


It is. And it's such a big production that they got going on with. That's damn near impossible. Like if we hiring actors to be the Adams family and come in here and be the Adams family, they ain't gotta be well versed on what each of us do. Yeah. So that's all I kept saying. I'm like, yo, this, this production is, I'm looking at the, it's too, I'm just looking at the wires running. Yeah. It's a lot. That's It. I'm just watching like, yo, these niggas, they doing it over there. Oh no. It's different. Yeah, it's different. You can tell that just from the people that keep coming by every day. Yeah. At work. They tell you what's going on over there. Yep. And there's a lot going on over there. I think. I think Slack. Nope. Nope. I me Mama business. You say what? You slacking on your Mac? No I'm not. No.


Mm not Slacking. He'll be here with us for the next few years. You'll see him Ironclad. Yeah, right. He'll be, he'll be right. Let Let, let him say y'all a dream. Yeah. Yeah. Sell it to the people nigga. Yeah boy. Put on the show. Say nigga be surprised nigga. Yeah. What else? What else? What else? What else? Go ahead. Yeah, It is what? What's what You gotta say I'm down. What's up bro? Down. No, don't be scared. Your key on your Neck. Yo. Stop this. Oh Who you nigga. No nigga are you crazy? I ain't feel why you all in my neck And it's not much visibility on it.


Exactly Nigga. It's a hickey. I'm he said that Yo, I Mel, that's why I caught myself in the middle. It was real time. Mel spit out you was necking. No I don't hickey in my neck. This guy's crazy. Oh. Because she had to be real short to do that. So I don't believe I'm hicky not short. Somebody, Somebody had to be three foot fucking nine or some shit. I was just eating ketchup over there nigga. What was your bro barbecue sauce? No, I'm just saying. I just This shit on this.


How much I got nigga? Shit. Oh Shit. Someone choked you out on man. Oh. That's what happened. Got no fucking hickey. Oh you said you got in a scuff? Scuffle. Oh nigga made your collar touch. Yeah, Oh. Shit You. all right son. I'm good. I'm good using your Thanksgiving sweater. I'm gonna be honest. Like I'm, I'm gonna be honest. Send me a picture of dude. I'll take care of it. How you Gonna take care of it? You know what he look like? Yeah. No. How you gonna take care of it? Don't worry about it. You got Bread. It's not for the air. It's not for the Air. You just gimme me the bread and I'll take care of it. You already, you take care of it. He Took care of you. He took care of you. That's why we trying to hold You down. Dirty them up real quick. Pee on Thanksgiving.


Pee pee. I was eating ketchup over day before your neck was hungry when you wipe but you go like this. Oh word. Yeah. Why they Move yo. Speaking of scuffles and speaking up, niggas lying on the ground having seizures and convulsions. I want somebody to teach. I don't know that NFL analyst name so I'll just make it broad. I want somebody to teach the NFL analyst that was doing the Miami game. What shaken up means? Because it was one of them hits where Watson laid on the ground and had all the coaches come out and everybody had to surround him and the other team was just walking around and he was looking fucked up, shaking and trembling and shit.


Something was going on. Here come the analyst. Yeah. We'll take a moment. He, he Watson's shaken up on the field. Oh. Shit. Oh no. don That is inappropriate work. Don't say I'm shaking up. I was like, oh, he don't know what shaken up means. Mm. Watson was fucked up on this in the end zone. You know we're gonna cut the brick. Watson's shaking up. They're dealing with him. I was like, oh y'all dont want tell the truth. Watson is dead out there. Watson is dead. Watson got a couple more breaths in him. Shaken up. Yeah. We need to know the severity of some of these injuries all day. Oh Shit.


What you do? Did y'all watch games? I did. Yeah. I see it again. I Shaken up. We'll be right back. Watson appeared to be shaking Watson. His hell head is decapitated. Fucking Hey, what happened? What happened to Paul given gay? What you mean what happened to it? What Happened to it? Huh? They do that over there in Amp. Huh? come on home. come on. What happened to it? They did one. He's asking are we having one? They did do one. Yeah, They did. We we having one When Christmas. Everybody That got them, everybody that was invited got the invite. Oh, oh, oh, I'm good. Yeah, everybody got a flight tonight anyway.


So We sent out already. Man. No, I'm thinking next week. I'm thinking next week I should pay the chef. I should pay the chef. I gotta pay the chef But. yeah. Next week. Got it. Where Are you going? Puerto Rico. Why you It is always you though. You don't want to beat the allegations. What? No, he just said he is going on a trip. I'm interested to know where he is going because he's been flying around a little bit. Yeah, I'm gonna police. That's hate tonight. No, Not at all. Just you on ex. I Work to do man excursions And shit. Yeah, she's later. Yeah. Go on excursions. Girl. Chicago's doing a couple hours away. Quick flight. It's an air track away. Oh, niggas We on air track.


Girl, you get too money girl. How about an Amtrak first class coach? you right there. Coach. Coach said man, I cannot see males flying on spirit. I cannot fly On. It'll never happen. Even if it's the last flight. Man Never happen. I'm staying where I'm at. If you have somewhere to go's an emergency man, wait. Lemme ask a question. You have someone to go, Mel It is an emergency. No. You are going to miss whatever. Hell, you love the guy. You love the guy. You absolutely. come on man For. Love him. This is the only flight available. You wanna spend some time with him because Spirit spa the only fight you Ball, please. It's Christmas Eve. You try, don't there go don't boo. Don't bougie yourself outta love. You did it enough. Don't be too bougie For love. Okay. There might be some exigent circumstances in which I would get on out here, but, And you gotta sit all the way in the back to a spirit.


You Can't sit Fuck that best friend's wedding. You can't miss it. Last flight. Getting over there. All right, fine. Exactly. There's a, there's a couple of circumstances There. There you go. Which in which, there you go. If it's the only one, the only one, then fine. It Is you two. What you get on the spirit. Yeah. Mm. You doing the New Year's thing with us? Yeah, I think so. Look at you. Ahuh. Everyone. Everyone seems to be down. By everyone, I mean my wife. Yeah. Try to set me up. Yeah. I didn trying it. Yo. Hey yo, I thought about you the other day. I was on a flight. Nigga sat in first class. I thought about you and Joe Nigga sat in first class, but this girl was all the way in the back. Why you thinking about me and the ice?


Why am I in this? No, I, You right. Well I thought about you because I thought I said there, I wonder if Ish would've switch with this girl. And then I remember Joe said that he sent this girl in the back one time. So I just thought about y'all niggas. It Wasn't all the way in the back though. If I was in four, she was in 12. No, I'm just saying. So what if she was in 30? Bing his girl. Okay, 39. You say flip. He went crazy. What you say? Is there any circumstances where y'all would switch your jet girls? Yeah. I would Let my girl take The first question. Yes. And we've done that here. Yes. Got you. Okay. Yeah. I just saw and I thought about it. I saw that in real time. That's it. Where you In front nigga? I don't, it's no first class on the flights I get on.


Well, unless it's flying to LA then it's ion. I take JetBlue a lot. Yeah. You went to Colorado. I did. It's first class going to Colorado. Yes, there is. You ain't go to Richmond nigga. No, but listen, you talking about in front the type of of JetBlues I take, I take the JetBlues. You guys, let's reel it back. Sorrys. It. is there anything else important that we need to discuss? Is there anything else in music that we need to discuss? Is there anything else out there that the public just has to hear our take about? No, I Don't think so. Cole got his, you know, he's, he's put the rest of his mixtapes on streaming. Yeah. Friday night Lights is now up there.


Nice. I think he started with the, the come up and the warm up. He's doing the whole shit. Yeah, he is doing the whole thing up there. The Whole nine. They're doing, they also anniversaries. Yeah. Anniversary editions of Forest Hills Drive and the other album. I don't remember at this point, but he's just reinvigorating all his old catalog through the podcast shit. Which is very dope. Yep. Which is very dope. I'm both Speaking of Reinvigorate. Reinvigorating. I definitely misinterpreted, reincarnated on GNX. The whole thing is about him. Every verse. Yeah. Using the other scenarios. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. But I was thinking the scenarios were actual stories from artists in the past.


Got it. I don't hear that. No, that's what I heard they said they no, they, they are actual artists. And those artists passed away and they were born again. That's, and they, it kept going like that. Who was Born again? He Was, he's the last person re car St. Lucifer was born into the artist and then passed away and then came Again to another. I got that. What I'm saying, verse one and verse two, there's no information in there in verse one and verse two that says, I'm talking about Chuck Berry. I'm talking about Billy Holiday. No, they actually, the opening of the song, he's saying me dancing through my past life, transgressions had me here. And then in the final verse he comes on and says, and now I'm me.


And he's pulling from the information from his past life's not Billy Bill Holiday and not whoever the other person was. John the hooker I heard was, Yeah, what's the other name I Just told you? Diner, Washington, Donna Washington. So it wasn't Billy Holiday. So Yeah. Tracks. They are saying that all Those, I'm just saying what I hear. Yeah. Our interpretation To the song, Our interpretation is different. Well, that's our, our interpretation is different. That's real art. The way I gathered it was it was the devil and then this person, this person, and now I'm reincarnated and I'm still kind of having some of the fights that those people had were different. You know what I'm saying?


Real reincarnation is when you die and you I. gotta who I used to be. I'm shedding skin every day. See, I'm shedding skin every day. Yeah. Him. It's him Though. Yeah. He's, I, I was in this person, but I was Isolation. I was four years old. Told I myself, trying to never get the about the Judgment day. I didn. This boy is different. That Shit was amazing. I been loving this album. Yeah. This boy is different. Yeah. No, I seen you jump off a ledge. Yeah, I do. I did. I did something blast.


I didn. Want to put on the record? I think you jumped off a ledge. But music. What'd objective? I said this may be his best project. Oh yeah. Out everything. You jumped. You jumped. Yeah. He jumped. Big, big plane. There's A, we understand the English language, right? Don't try church. No. I, yes, there's a word in there for a very fucking specific reason and everybody's jumping off the ledge. But It is fine. It was intended to do that. Oh, you, but I love, I love this album. To me, as far as replay in the short period of time, It is been by far the most to Me. I, I did something blasphemous with this album. What? Especially because it's a Kendrick project and shouts to shake to the boys Big shake. Re Re reorganized Resequenced resequenced.


It really, and it flows. A my biggest problem with the album was going from Hey, now to reincarnated to TV off. Damn. I love that. I love the songs you put Hey, now by TV Off. Yes. It's a totally different version. Like the, the way it goes now is I can run it real fast. Whacked out mural Squabble up. Hey, now TV off Peekaboo. GNX reincarnated man at the garden. Dodger Blue Heart part six. Gloria Luther. Oh, so you Just did a little Yeah. Fuck you. Yeah. But, but it's, it's, It's, but I see what you did. I see what You did. I see what you did, bro. And it works well. He, he, he was like, yo, this is what I just did. Try it. And I'm like, Oh Shit.


I now be, 'cause when I'm listening to it in a car and I'm on, Hey, now you know the, the bop that That is. And then you come and reincarnate and it's like, all right, this is one of those. You gotta listen in, focus on records, and then you jump right back the TV off. Now you back up again. I don't wanna do that. I just want the energy it stay the same here. So's cool, but it's blasphemous for Kendrick record because it's all intentional. Intentional Get, I did progression last year when fucked me up. Reincarnated on this body at body lesson at, let's take it back to Michigan in 1947, my father kicked me out the house because I wouldn't listen to him.


didn didn't care. Who are these other people as a musician? Play guitar. Listen to what he the most talented, where I'm from. But I had to rebel. And so Mark in the sunset searching for my place in the world with my guitar for my hip. That's the story. Young. I found myself with a pocket full of money and a whole lot of respect. While the recorders, I was headed with them in blues. The women that fell to they feet, so many the juice. But I'm a n power as lied to the masses. Nothing in that verse that'll make anybody out there say that. He's talking about this specific person. There's nothing near, it's not near. He's talking about him. He's freestyling. He's making up a story.


There's no real life living person from the fifties and sixties that that was enough information for you to pinpoint. Hey, he talking about Joe Hooker, Chuck Barry, anybody you wanna name. It's not, but I'm not. I'm not. Hey, think what you want. Think what you want. But that's how I'm, that's how I heard it down south. I This shit on. But like when you go, they played This shit. It's Not song they played. I think they played Squabble up at Starlets. Worked, Worked. Turn up the music. It makes me Damn. Hey Squabble up. His album is hard. Squabble up. It is, no he is. He is. The album is hard. That is album is hard man. Shout out to them. It Is hard. Is there anything else in music, Kissing Styles versus Nas and az?


Who you got winning Kissing Styles? What do we versus the records, what are we Doing? Records. The records. Records. Kissing Styles. Records. Kissing styles. Yeah. No, no, no records. They're on together. Kissing styles. Kissing styles. Yeah man, I they have a lot more. I think It Is the part. Yeah, I think they got way more commercially. I'm not talking about locks records. No, me neither. Oh wait, you talking about just kissing styles and styles. Kissing styles. They don't have a song that's better than Fern. Records don't count then for when you say na, Take 'em off. No, no firm records. Just life's a bitch. They don't have mo money. More murder And stay fly. I mean fly as gangsters.


Whatever. It is This shit off this pieces of a man album. The hold up. How you living? You Living? Yeah, living. Yeah. It is, it's still, life's a bitch say that. Oh, okay. They don't have a It is still gonna be kissing styles. But we Gonna make it verse lsa bitch who wins? What wins? We Gonna make it? No, I'm a LSA bitch. It is preference Wins. There's no wrong answer. We just talking. No LSA bitch wins. But then when you start going to they other joints, they gonna smoke the other NAS and Ag. See I don know life's A bitches undefeated. How you, so what does, what Does kissing styles, how does kissing styles beat? How you living? Good point. I don't know how they beat more money. More murder. Yeah. Banned from tv.


See I, I was thinking banned from tv. But he saying just Them. Just them. Just them. So I, I didn't, can we count banned from We really can't count much. Yeah. Banned from TV counts. 'cause they did kissing styles. So it's just records. What they doing they back and forth. No, but it's them being kissing styles on, on the record. It counts. Anyway, I just thought it was on the ponder. I'm still kissing styles. I wanted the winner of this to take on Drake and Ross. But that's not fear. Drake and Ross is tough. Drake and Ross is a relationship that should be mended. Word. But Ross, you should get that. Should pick that Shees. I was head over too many bitches on Monday.


So many. Did you That nigga advice. Come on man. Wake it up. Wake it up. Wake it up. Wake it up. I'm still thinking about what you just said. One of them taking On Drake. Nah, everybody should leave Drake and Ross alone. He ain. Too many ain't gonna hold Life a bitch. AZ got the best verse right? Yes. Yeah. It's the best verse on the album. That's one Of the best feature verses of all time period. Yeah, it's the best verse on the album I think. No, there You go. It's my opinion. I'm not Taking it that far. I don't think it's better than New York state of mind. But first verse. But it's a good verse. Good verse. It's a great verse. Yeah. I know we talking in hindsight, but during that run when it ain't hard to tell, hit the radio. All rappers were for it. All rappers got scared. All of them.


What's that? 90, 93. Three Ish. 93, 94. When that shit hit radio. It ain't hard to tell. I exhaled him prevail to mic's contact. I track line tell on mic down night that bring the snipers rap out, inhaled the boot. Smoke. All rappers were afraid. Everybody, everybody, every last one of 'em. And For the next three or four years, that nigga was featured on every single rap album that came out on East Coast and smoked and went crazy and lost his fucking mind. I don't have another topic. That is super important. I did go see Gladiator. What did you think? I did? So I did go see Gladiator too. That Sumter, South Carolina Movie Theater is the worst movie theater that I've ever been to. And they wanna call me Ostentatious.


I sat there. I didn't, I stayed in it. They Don't have, they ain't had a whatcha call it. Huh? They ain't had a seats. The theater seats. They Had the old school. No, no, no. It was no theater seats. That's how it was. Hardly a theater nigga. That's how I, the screen was the size of my my my bedroom tv. The sound was funny. The sound was funny when they was showing the shit before the previews. Then when the coming to attractions come, the screen got the nerve to extend. Talking about some Wide deal. Oh yeah, It extended. I said, yo, where am I right now? I've Seen that a couple Times. I I was, I was culture shocked. No, I, I don't want to compete but Dale South them shit is like that. And where my mother from that shit is just, you hear it nigga.


They got the I'm I'm so accustomed to stadium seating that when you walk into a old movie theater and a menu and they got the And a menu. I go Hungry It is an experience now It is, It Is, yeah. Them niggas are down south. Some of the Long ass walk on a slant. But Word dog Whole movie theater was empty. But I stayed, I watched this movie, caught the last show. Shout to the popcorn dude and the girl that was working You really good movie. Was it Really? Okay, you are the first person I've heard say really Good. I liked it. Really good movie. You said It was cool. Yeah, everybody I know said this Trash. They're wrong. The last show.


All of them are wrong. Everybody I know said is trash. Absolutely nothing trash about about that movie so much. I done went to sleep. I done went to sleep. I was tired up the movie stayed the movie being good is what kept me awake. Nigga that I, those people that say it was trash. Did they see Gladiator One? I don't know. I Hope so. Yes, Because like I took my little brother. It was his first time seeing a gladiator. He didn't see one Gladiator One is with 300 Troy and those other movies that should not be compared to another movie Facts. So I want to get that out the way. That's the best of those movies by the way. Yes. Yeah. Yes. To do a sequel of one of those movies.


Gladiator two did not, didn't disappoint for me. I didn't go in with all these high Expecta didn. Didn't go and Expect and see Gladiator One really good movie. I liked it. Six fight scenes. Let me see. Your reviews are trash. Okay. What did you like about it? Like help me, help me Out. One, I liked this role for Denzel because it was not it normal. He's got like, you know, certain ticks and gesticulation that he carries with him into all of his characters. I feel like it was a departure from that. So I really liked this role for Denzel and he kind of owned the movie. Killed This shit. Uhoh. Go ahead. Something. Blow it up man.


I'm well what the fuck wrong with you bro. With you? That felt good though. We don't never see that nigga get killed. For real. For real. Killed the shit out that nigga. Yeah. Yeah. That was good. But. yeah. So play But. yeah and and then just the fight scenes. Especially the one with the water and the ships and shit like that. That really good. I thought that was really Now that I thought it was dope. Now that very first fight scene, I want to tell you big time blockbuster movie producers sometime the CGI don't hit that shit horrible sometime the CGI don't hit that first fight scene where you was fighting the Panthers and Rah the Monkeys. Well it was a cross between a monkey and a panther. It was, It was the CGI was pretty Bad bullshit.


And it was really, really bad. And I was like, okay, if they about to do this, I'm gonna trash them for the rest of the, but they didn't. No. They fixed it up. They fixed it up and homeboy came out on the Rhino. I memorized the fight scenes 'cause that's how I was trying to figure out a movie. It is not the shortest, it's two and a half hours maybe I hope so. But really good fight scenes outside of that first, the monkey one good storyline. That was gonna be my other complaint halfway through. I was like, it seemed like they just focusing on action and they skipping some of the amazing storyline that that was in part one. But then they got right to a lot of storyline in there paying attention. Can't wait to see it, man.


Yeah, I'm Oh you want me to shut it? I'm done. Nah, I'm, I just heard it was so I didn't even go see it 'cause I heard it was that trash. Same. Same. I was the street. Okay. Yeah. We gonna go. No go see that movie. They didn't pay me. I'm just telling you as a friend. Go see it. All Right, cool. Thank you. The only decent review I got was Mel. Everybody else I know said that shit was trash. All I heard was Denzel was great in the movie, but the storyline was trash. This was like I Oh no. Oh really? I he said it was all too. come on man. He said it Was all right. Maximus son can't be true. I stop it man. See my nigga Maximus, I'm gonna fuck with it now The fact Maximus son, the fact that you ain't go to sleep. Oh my God. You gave it the fuck away. Oh. Shit. This nigga can't, he can't help himself. He do it on purpose.


Wait, nobody knew what No said that this, it was, he Finds it out in the movie Oh. Shit. He looked just like Maximus. He did look like him. He looked like him. He looked just like Maximus and in the trailer they got him staring at Maximus old outfit. What the fuck you think he's staring at it for? Alright, forget it. Yo it Out. Maximus his son my nigga. You don't like that The little kid that was there, right? Fuck no, I don't like that. Nah, no. That's the little kid when they went there killed the mother and all the little kids Alive. Yeah. Nah, it's fire. It's fire. The little boy that got hit by the horses, The little boy that ran down the hill and shit like that, thought his father was there home. No nigga coulda Had homie they sent off homie that they got abandoned.


Had to go because shit was getting hit. Yeah. But I thought when the, when the, when the horses was coming and won. Listen man, go see it. And I said stop doing that then nigga Go see It is a good movie. Go see it. He cheated on his wife. Sorry Thank you. If he ain't cheated on his wife and that's the little man that got hit by the horses in the wheat field. Yes. I don't wanna see that shit back in the day. Justin. Wait, wait, hold up. Nothing. Different story. Lets plead. Let, but we don't sound educated right now. If we go see it, come back, we'll talk. You shouldn't to us Thank you Joe. That's it. That's it. Alright. I don't have anything else that's pressing on my heart and soul nor are any of you niggas important enough for us to just make up a conversation about you. Like we, we did the important stuff already.


Is there any good Part of the Show? Let's see. Let's check That out Mel. We haven't done That in a minute. We calling that You got on Instagram or wherever you got talking about guess who brought the mac and cheese, which still didn't say that you made the mac and cheese. Like all you do is like these white girl lies and that shit ain't even look like. But that's, we don't know that you made that. You brought something somewhere. The Mac and cheese was slamming. Can we get some mac and cheese? Hold on. Did you, did you make it? Hmm. Oh my God. Oh yo. Yeah. I ain't gonna allow respect. We done bro. Lie your weight is lie your weight to the top. All all, that's all she do. That is all she does.


Let's see, let's see, let's see. Part of the Show. Part of the Show point. But damn this nigga got some shit on his mind. Oh this is mad long. He need some help. No, no, no. This is too longs. We'll get to this a little later. Some jokey jokey topics. Round robin stab everybody. I'm guessing y'all wasn't rocking with you. Nah, nah, nah. You meet up. Damn Part of show kind of lit. Ain't mad at these niggas in here ass. What's up? All right, here we go. All right. Please do not read my email out loud. I'm resubmitting my question. Why did my ex-boyfriend unfollowed me after I posted I was pregnant But he still follows other exes. Girl, get a life. What? And not get a life.


'cause that's me. But what is you talking about? No, we're not doing that. No. You know what you Mean? Yeah. What? Let's see Daniel, my girlfriend of six months took me to a to Columbia for my birthday. She told me lately how she was feeling. She told me lately how she was feeling about something. I did when we first started talking. Wait, Hold this please. She told me lately how she was feeling about something. I did when we first started talking that she never got past but wanted to wait until after our trip. But we got drunk on the trip and it came out. She apologized for letting us get this far.


But our love was so much fun. We decided to remain friends and still talk just a little less fast forward a week later we are still very codependent on each other. Still saying, I love you, you're mine on the phone for hours. The same thing we were doing before. How old is there an easy way to let someone go that became your best friend and stopped acting like a couple? And that's Daniel sucker for love ass. Oh well. Well it sounds like they didn't break up. Sounds like they didn't break up and She got you and no, it sound like she got you And sounds a little bit more like lust than love. I know the two things feel the same but no. And if it's Alus, it's gonna wear off.


No, it sounds like they are a good couple and y'all need to let it go get whatever, whatever the fuck they did. And he didn't disclose what he supposedly did or said in the beginning. She can't get through. Yeah, like get past. Y'all already got past it nigga. Y'all went to Columbia, y'all had fun. Y'all came back and you said y'all ain't skip a beat But they're not together Allegedly. But they still say I love you and all and they still on the phone for hours and they still interdependent. She Duked you so she could be with the person she wanted to be with. That's what happened. She came out, told you some shit that was gonna make y'all separate. That she's been holding it. It's a poss wanted to save her after the trip but got drunk so it came out. Your doofy ass was with it. Oh, all right baby. So y'all left separated and now y'all still doing everything except for the fun stuff, the sex.


Y'all doing the talking and I love you and I miss you and No, she got you. Yeah. Bad me. She got you Yo and No, I know she got him. 'cause he won't say what they talked About. Nah, he won't. Don't waste my time. If you ain't going to get to the, the, the, the root of the issue here buddy. Lemme get the But this is say That's my normal, normal cynical assessment. Well this one I think that's right there by The No, that was good. No, that was good. Yeah, I didn't get that at first. I'm reading another one. Let's here. Anna Miller. Anna Miller. Joe mentioned his girlfriend calling him thirsty. How would you handle it if you noticed your partner was sending Happy Sunday or similar texts accompanied with a picture of their dogs in bed to other men?


Huh? Wait, What, What does Mel think about this? They claim it's just friends. No, I think it's excessive. It is, it's very It is Anna. Wait, hold on. Can y'all talk, say something To these people. Okay, wait. Anna's partner is sending other men pictures like Happy Sunday and pictures of the Dog. Yes. Oh, Anna fucking run. Unless that's your jam. No, unless that's your jam Anna. Yeah. Sandra wants some meat too. Wait, Evidently Anna, yo. Oh Anna's in a evidently Anna Gay relationship. Evidently Anna's gay It is crazy. What the fuck?


Her girlfriend is sending pictures to other men of the dog saying Happy Sunday and some other shit. She will Let me, I think this is above my pay grade. I'm sorry. This is a whole different type of relationship. I do not know what the rules are when one is I I don't know what they're still, what their fucking Orientation is. She don't She ain in a relationship. She Shut the fuck up. She Doesn't know none of the relationship rules. Okay, look, this is, You can't send those type of messages and pictures. But if she's, if she's gay and does not, don't matter, It is not interested in, in men, then there is no cause for concern that That's not true. Yes. There y yes. That's best case. That's best case scenario. Now let me ask you a question.


Yeah. Stay here. Yeah. If your man, your man, yeah was sending happy Sunday to a young lady and Taking, I'd fucking kill him. So why would you not think that they could be totally platonic? Well No. Why are you sending pictures of our dog to this bitch? Are you fucking crazy? So Anna could say the Same thing. Oh, you are not a girl girl. I never liked that label anyways. That's number one. Number two. But that's what I'm saying is if Anna's in a Guys, a lot of people need our help. But go ahead. Okay. If Anna is in a lesbian relationship and her mate is, is completely like, does not have any interest in penis, is completely gay. And I don't think that there's anything nefarious there.


But if she's bisexual then I'd be like, then there's a cause for concern there. 'cause she likes cat and dog. Ah, I see what you did there. Okay man. Thank you I I think that's our that No you did that. Now she did that. She did that. I think that's what you did. Yeah, You did that man, I'm with you. A lot of people need our help. We've neglected. Let's, let's, let's hear something Brandon. Here we go. My ex started talking to my current girl. Basically I feel bad for my ex of seven years. Seven plus years and have a lot of grief and self shame about breaking up with her and how negatively I treated her over the years. I wasn't the best guy. Very toxic and put my stresses and anger toward my ex, which I deeply regret and feel shameful about to this day.


I then started messing with this fine Latina joint and today she told me she was having her ex-wife move in with her in a few days. I was upset hearing, I was upset hearing this news of course 'cause I'm like what the fuck? You know Joe, I feel you though. And then right maybe a couple hours later I messaged my fucking ex like a dumb ass and asked how you been doing? Just checking up and shit Like a fucking dumb ass dude. You know? And supposedly my ex gets a my hold it again and supposedly my ex gets a message from my current girl somehow through a fake Instagram account.


Oh buddy. One day we'll talk about the games the girls are playing through them fake Instagram accounts. Oh my god. Through a fake Instagram account asking shit about me. She replies with screenshots of the Instagram page asking about me and then starts to go off on me and shit. LMAO. So then she somehow figured out how to contact my current shorty. Hey, all your exes know your current girl's Instagram for the people that need to hear it. He continues. I think my current shorty made a fake Instagram account to try and plot on me. And I'm not gonna lie, Joe, she then later asks to meet up with me. We all know how that goes.


To sum it up, she breaks up with me and shit and tells me all the shit that my ex told her. My ex told her a bunch of Bs about me. My question is to you all, how do I prevent from being so down bad? I know I'm a dumb ass and I fucked up. But like this some next level Distinguished cast Dude, don't have no control. Appreciate you. That is really it. Mel, I wholeheartedly agree with ice. He has zero self-control and it what started off as him seeming like he was being accountable for his actions falls right the fuck off a cliff.


It just gets fucking weird and messy. That's all a lot of Energy. I really don't even see how the current girl and the ex girl got into communication. The girl. No, but the girls do make fake Instagrams and he said they got cool. He said they got cool, they got friends. He, he went on to say they got friendly with each other. Yeah, that's what he said in the beginning. Yeah. But maybe the stuff that she was telling her made her, made them become friends. Shirley, Shirley and Barbara started talking. Yeah. Who? Who Current. I feel like he's, this is a young man. Yeah. It is a young dude. When you get a little older you don't fall for the banana and the tailpipe so easily. Hey buddy, cut 'em both star from scratch. Learn, learn your lesson.


Great advice. Cut 'em both. Star from scratch. Roster up. Great advice. Last one. Last one, last one. Cameron. Cameron. Cameron. Cameron says, greetings family. I am a 30-year-old man. Married man with kids with my wife. Oh that's important. The with part I can't give too much because she listens to the pods. I just have one question. How can I have my wife be more sexually active with me? I know it's kind of cliche but I'm annoyed with always having to engage. Always. And if I don't the next day she'll make a comment. Like example, I was so horny last night but I was nervous to start with you.


Isn't that one of the whole points of being married, by the way, we've been together eight years and married for two. I can honestly say also I've never cheated in this relationship. I may look from time to time, but that's all I really would love to hear. Mel's point of view on this being a woman signed, I'm about to be outta here just playing LOL ml. You give the worst advice ever. So I hope you really step up to the plate with This one. I don't, I I do what I can with the information I'm given. They've been together for eight years but they've been, and they've been married for two and they have children. But you're still having, like you, you still don't know how to like approach each other in the bedroom.


That's just fucking weird to me. Great advice. No, it's just like open up the channels of communication judgment. Open up the channels of communication and maybe go to fucking couples therapy and figure out why you guys aren't saying the things that you need to say to one another. Some, Some people, no wait, hold on. Yeah. Sometimes when you can raise for a long time and it depends if you're not in the mood and you keep not being in the mood, it could deter your partner from wanting to, or your moods get off. Yeah. You be at different times. Like It could deter your partner from wanting to or be scared to approach you at a certain time because they may feel like it's not the right time. Again, You know what I mean. You get you part, you run under Ruts. Yeah you run the ru sometimes get, you get, You fight it so much it's not the right time. Sometimes you can be doing something and your wife or your husband might touch you at the time you're doing.


So you like, hold on, hold on. You know what I mean and it can happen. Timing. They feel like they're always gonna be running into that situation. Exactly. That Shit happens. You gotta fight through it. Well him writing gotta fight through it. I gotta fight. Well him writing in indicates that this is a continuous issue. You know? So And that's not what he said. He didn't even talk about ruts. No, he didn't talk about ruts. He said That shorty would wanna fuck but didn't know how to approach him to fuck after Children and eight years together. You still don't know how to approach. It could be comfort, It could be a routine thing where he's normally the initiator. Okay. So she's waiting for him to initiate. Okay. And he don't do it. So she thinks he don't want do it. Time drive. He probably Shut it down. Okay, so bottom line, does this not seem like a lack of communication?


That's That's, that's all It is. And if you guys don't dunno how to communicate and approach each other, then maybe you bring in third party couples, therapists who can help you navigate these roadblocks that you have. Hey, hey Joe, what's, what's his name? What's the dude Cam? Cam cam. You and your lady get somebody to watch the kids. Y'all go out to dinner and just express to her exactly what you just wrote. Like, hey listen, it's not that I don't want to do it with you, I just don't what you listening now and she gonna hear it. Well that's why he did this. Yeah. Smart. Yeah. It is smart genius that, Hey Tasha, I just don't always want to be the one to initiate. Sometimes I want you to do it too. Tasha, pull that thing up and if you feel like it, reach over and grab, what'd you say?


Pull that thing up. Sit on that thing Tasha. That's it. Sexual intimidation. That that'll fix it. Intimidation. Okay. She ain. Initiation. Initiation. No, No, no. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Listen, I'm with Mel on her therapy slash communication point. You don't know. Step that. Yeah, but you don't need that. We don't know that Attempt. The the communication may have absolutely nothing to do with him. Something may have happened prior to him that makes it difficult for her to initiate sex. Possible. Cool. Very, very possible. That sounds off. You've been together eight years, married for two and you can't initiate and You have children. That's not All either. You're the worst initiator in the world or there's something blocking you mentally that's not true.


That's not, that's not True. Or it could literally be she don't know that's what he wants. Or she's a dead fish. No, that's not, it's true that either. It's timing, it's communication. Like I said, keep it like that communication bro. We lean too much on therapy and shit when it comes to take Your wife Therapy. Haters do. No, It is not about that. But you gotta communicate. What do I gotta do with this? We count, nah, talk about me now. I am a therapy hater. Then we lean too much on that nigga. It's communication, having a conversation. Get to know each other man. Go outside and talk To one another. Be helps people communicate about things they don't typically communicate about. Because there's two Levels. Scared. Communicate. There's Two levels of communication. There's communication but then there's also comprehension. So there is a comprehension issue happening here with people who've been together, intimate, had children, got fucking married over the course of eight years and you're still having the In initiat Issue.


That is hundred Percent wrong. She's not wrong. And I want to add on That is Wrongest I different levels of Communication. She's wrong that niggas ain't married. Number one. Number two, she's wrong 'cause y niggas is not currently living with somebody that may be afraid to to, to communicate with you or vice versa. Do you think that means that It's timing? You don't need anybody. I'm almost done. You don't need anybody to promise come in to excuse Me. Promise. Are you interrupting me? Yeah, I'm not doing that with you. 'cause then you going, it's gonna be offensive because You shot, it was offensive when you said we ain't married nigga. I didn't But it wasn't like this. Okay. I Yeah, that was offensive. I got you. I didn't mean to. Do you think that means that I have not had very uncomfortable conversations with my partner? You don't have to live with I I do think you did. I'm Just talking about communication. I do think you are a person that did have the uncomfortable conversation and you're willing to listen. Maybe therapy has helped you get through that.


Some people don't have the means or maybe to therapy and you have to have the conversation. Sometimes it's okay to talk to your bar. It is about timing. Like park said, If you're not gonna break up right. No, I believe that you Got it. Sorry, That nigga, you my nigga You. right? I apologize for that. There's also behavioral communication. There's sexual communication. Sure. There's body, there's all types of communications. So if you're having trouble, I would ice, I go, go out. You should try to talk to her first, bro. And then if that don't work, get You some red light. Go on a Portal. Lemme let use myself as an example. I'm gonna use myself as an example. I ha at one point I had a long-term relationship and I was very mentally checked outta this relationship.


Shut the fuck up. Okay. I'm making a let me land. Don't Laugh because y'all gotta make me laugh. Exactly. Don't fucking do that. You see What I and is don't fucking do. That is Why the face is white. You're 50 unless you make the face. I would've hope that at one point. Alright, cool. That's rude joke. You better. It is rude. That's fucked up. Fuck him. I, didn have my coffee. Okay. Yeah man, Fucking child. Anyways, I was already, I was already mentally checked out of this relationship. But did, did I have maturity to say this? No I didn't. And so every time he tried to initiate sex with me it, he hit a brick wall because a, I was not communicating that this relationship would run its course to me. But it's just like he, there was nothing that he could do.


That's why I'm saying off is there is deeper level. There's a deeper level of communication That's It is not saying That's not necessarily being being had. But Wouldn't, that's not what they're Saying here. I'm I'm not saying that that's what they're saying. Oh. Shit. That's not what I'm, that's what I'm not saying that that's what they're saying. We, I'm just saying close us out Please. In closing, I'm just saying there is something That is going unsaid between them. Okay. That's what I'm trying to say. There is something, That is going unsaid between them and whatever. Whatever type of communication they have been trying with each other. It is not working otherwise the motherfucker would not have written in, set Aside some time bro. Got it. That little brick wall should have moved too.


I'm checked out now. Sleepers. We got sleepers, we got sleepers, we got sleepers. We do sleepers. Sleepers. We get no sleepers. The sleepers haters really enjoyed there being no sleepers in the last part. Fuck y'all So haters. Yeah we back. Yeah exactly. And because we back, I'm going old school, one of my favorite songs, one of my mama favorite songs. Rest in peace to the Goat. One of the more underrated musicians out there. I'm going with Gerald. Goddamn baby, I'm ready. I'm not going with that though. Oh yo baby. Hey it's gonna hurt me.


More's gonna hurt you girl more than it hurt you. Talk to him For sure. Hey You wasn't there, you wasn't outside for this ain't you ain't got no t Real.


You went through a lot of around around freaky way.


He's I got You think it About, about thinking about it That I let know then I'm going have to up and go if you keep giving it up good enough. Act giving up Love it things. You Girl, you heard all This Time I've been sleeping with.


You've been sleeping with me babe. Oh you've been so many Loving him, kissing him and hugging him. He's been sexy about it. Thinking about it. Think about thinking about it all this time. I've been sleeping with you. You've been sleeping with Wow.


Oh wow. You've been creeping, creeping, creeping with him. He's been sexy. Your friend I. gotta think about, about about full of life on me. I just can't conceive. Why just can't Anybody do this to me baby. I feel Like a fool. But what Do tell Why?


Why are you so sleeping with me? You, you him. He is been doing your man. Think about it. Think about about you.


That Ls g Basser. Oh man. Before streaming man. Bring back six minute RB records. Oh hey mama. You green and be damn To be so damn freaking Me Said again to think. Think oh That is grand old music.


Gerald Levert the goat Rest in peace. That record is called Thinking about it available in your phone and on d s right this second. Hey wait a minute. Minute. Hey get in your bag Joe. I told y'all man I was in them stock rooms man. The Wiz Walgreens Light FM was on man. The fuck they fuck is they talking about 98.7 kissing all of that. Shout to Lavert man. Amazing record Shit. Going to the west coast.


This is Snoop Dre and a lust. This record is called out of the blue off the missionary Nigga Up Bottle and bitches believe me, back in business back This. shit I be smoking is highly recommended. Re all of my niggas pushing them in Mile high got me hip in the flight. Attendants. Yeah. Been around the world and ain seen a motherfucking thing that I can't see reaching these type of heights that come with a third eye. I'm better ing on me. The numbers don't lie. That's how we roll nigga. You know them go. Niggas want to pick at the letter every getting them hidden figures. I keep them triple hitters.


Call them silver back. Orilla going they shitting. You know ain't nobody fuck What Sunshine Nigga. Yeah this is the big ticket coach cop town. I'm talking that King Richard This shit just like a movie. I'm seeing the bigger picture said Snoop couldn't get much higher. But I beg the differ diff On site. I give you the green light. Some niggas this all bark my nigga we all bite you Gambling with your life or fucking let's roll the dice. Make some motherfucking problems with this dog and a fight that Hip hop took you Glory.


We done did it. Huh? Want to see your mogul? We showing you how to pivot. Got This shit from DMC. Let's run with it. Took the fundamentals and have us some fun with it. These Songs, king Kong, my team strong godell us and fire to whatever I breathe on. Got the killers and choir all singing my thing song. I could never do this alone. Motherfucker. come on Dre still on Chop still Got it. The Sonic still iconic. They still in the product. I seen the money coming. I showed you that I'm a prophet And I'm riding shotgun and kicks niggas get out of pocket. Why you going to press the issue my nigga? You need to stop and keep more your own retainer for depositions and dock back to the topic in case you niggas forgot it. The anonymous head popping baby. Keep that pussy popping.


Legend. And that record is out of the blue Snoop and Dre and a lust off of missionary which will be out December 13th. That shit is hard. That is hard telling you Man. Everything I've been hearing is I'm going to Detroit and New York. This is Boldy James Harry fraud and t Grizzly.


Cecil Fielder. Yeah buddy. What up nigga Face Face my nigga Mo got the Harry Frog. You know This shit. Legend. Dang man fuck with my nigga Harry Frog nigga really dumb in that city. Yeah in the trash bag. Got no hustle Black man in it. I fishtail. What you pushing Puppet The fish scale. I gotta a through for my first sale house. Traffic crazy at work again. Call my phone. Don't ring the doorbell Auntie. I be sleeping around 10. Move a hundred Ps with a DMV. Start signing niggas like CMG pressure by no paper I'm needing sleep. I'm gonna rock it. Watch if it ain't a key. Digging in my pockets, my nails dirty. Posted trying to see if the mail coming niggas ka.


I know he gonna tell something. Told him sign here and he fell for it. I'm a hype in London. I need a 50 we just met today. She eating Dick bus raised me. You can see the shit side team thicker than Peter. Bri count blue honey I'm drinking red five hour flight so I'm za Slice in the room. I'm Peter Pan. Gucci came from Gucci. I Dbb. Damn Poochie 'cause she pretty or pussy good. All I smoke Z now. Cookie Woods rap his fucking with me before the bus his fucking with you. You little bro. I'm in truth. I'm eating now with the blood. Tell my boy retire. He done enough cheated still won't leave me. I'm one on one. Bless him with some verses. He coming up Now we touching keys wanting through them G pass cocaine so strong waiting on Janina Bri underneath. Beck know I can't go home with less than 20 GNX slapping off the me rack 80 Ahoe on.


I caught him. Battle Creek got him off in G Rapp just the same old song to a different beat. All the money Street Rap crush face roll up blinking on my sleeve came with a free strap hole gang going blow when it come to me they going overreact. Dope game so cold could catch a freeze off a nigga Kneecap break dance hoe in the nine, A broken nine influence some rice paper feel like esco and a white a shout to tip the coat up. IA nigga wrist rose is a ice ggl. Niggas know that money is primary cruise through the ghetto with five a trigger on and PA binary there. Want the guns butter to milk a honey plug with the crud smelling on. I just made like a double off seven twin. This nigga selling drugs and they selling money. Smoke a hose on of the pink run.


Niggas going broke trying to keep up road blocks. You know I'm gonna speed up no stopping money. Machines up Gucci nor face with the fleece cut off White dunks and Supreme ones banging out the trap to the lease up. Got a bad back had a men run auntie she just blew through like five lines. Spent 3 93 with the pad pipe dog so strong and surprise fight we lime green. It is a highlight. Would you look at that with the raw Take Drinking cookies back. Hardest Draw Bra steady running laps up and cross train. You know where I'm at Mimi. Yo Shane bro ain't rapper. Wright got the crib. Wre in my bitch off to go get her nails done going by the dj. Got my skill tweak Lil bro. come on home on the pill bun. Where we at with now? We touching keys running through the GNX. Cocaine So strong waiting on Janina break underneath Back know I can't go home with less.


20 GNX slapping off the mere 80 Ahoe zones. I caught him. Battle Creek got him off in G Rapp just the same old song to a different beat. All the money Street Rap Crush Face Roll up blinking on my sleeve came with a free strap hole gang going bluff. When it come to me they gonna over react. Dope game so cold we can catch a freeze off a nigga Kneecap. Where we're, It's actually Shrink Wrap with Babyface Ray. For some reason the app played the wrong song but I'm not mad at it because I like that one too. That's Shrink Wrap with Babyface Ray and Boldy James. I'm going to Ordeal and Summer. Walker. The song is called You're Stuck.


My Sight Go of your what?


You got Heart got a, that's how played you.


You should let go of I tell you need to calm yourself. Ain't ain't Fun. So I know That That is Odeal and Summer.


Walker. You are stuck. It's fire. Holy. Did you get mine parked? I did. Okay. Mine is called Black And. White by Renee Harmoni Because I'm Tired of crying.


But don't Black, And White Black And White Black As Renee, Hy Harmony.


Black And White. Cool little slaps right there. That sound like something to blast when I got the dog walking outfit on. Sound like something to play. But I'm trying to get this dog. Wa I mean walk. Walk the dog. That's a nice little soundtrack to that. That's these stupid ass meme out there. So you could block me on socials but you can't unlike Big Martha. Yo. Oh man. GPA today gentlemen lady, lady and gentlemen Thank you. Hey, hard, long as you don't get in.


It is hard. If that's all. That's exactly where my ball It is hard. If your name not Ike, I always go to 50. That's true. If your name is Ike, then this record is horrible. My nigga. Ike with the Iverson jersey. Light skinned with herpes fucking everybody in town Where I learned they should be burned in Poison that nah man Us medicine with just poison. Don't know no hip hop unless you was in the video. I didn know this was not Wonder why Poison in hospitals shots riddled to block little children and elderly women run for their lives. Drizzling rain the every time somebody dies must fucking mind. Yo. Hopefully y'all enjoyed this broadcast as much as we enjoy delivering it to you.


If You're new, he'll welcome, welcome, welcome. Shout to the first last time listeners. Hey Killer. Making money off fast. Soda skull and bone crosses. It's all poison ecs, keep Listen in your breath. Lord knows we need to be there until the next Time. Poison. I bet you a new farewell. Adio Cereba OTA ais so long. Goodbye or simple Head novels. A fight Hood. When pregnant Drop Outta school, I have abortion. Stop working. Hoping that they find a man that will support the I want up. What Goes around comes Around. Yeah my nigga. Shit on. I real quick. Come down below the nigga.


Just hold it down nigga. I Thought you Remember for the Thanksgiving verse. No, no, no. The Holiday Hell Day title never really caught out. I know I was playing this song on day. I was like, oh man. A Thanksgiving song. Fucking sisters in Harlem, Brooklyn, in dc. Look at nah snitching because He never telling me. Got it from letting Fag sucker more. Frankie in nine three drop the Benz hangs at all the parties. All the concerts. Backstages, where the stars beat. Rocking his shirt. Ike is a shithead. What's your name? Where you from? Chain Blinging thinking Girls everywhere is dumb. Taking pride in ruining they lives. Real life is a series of moments and moments past. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have.


Anybody Doing anything fun this weekend? Weekend plans. Weekend plans. Weekend plans. Talk to me. Talk to me. Talk to me. I'm up top. I'm going to see the family. Hey, late Thanksgiving, y'all going to y'all girls family's houses for leftovers. Ice, Ice. Ish. No. Get some more of that casserole. Some more of that fucking tuna noodle. Some far drive. Some far drive. Get some more of that tuna salad. Huh? More Than The stars. Don't hesitate to say you heard it from Nas. What? His destin shall be George Bush. Killer to George Bush kills me. Much blessings. Be healthy. We're not finished.


Yeah, yeah. Hold up. Lemme get back in my back in my white boy bag real quick. Man, they playing around with me. Another stock from classic. They Dunno. Look at Mel. Mel, gimme a bag big. Hey, I don't know what I'm doing this weekend but I'm ing around. Couldn't Do it in sc. You gotta do it at home.


And my girl come next week. Got it out heavy. Thought it out heavy. Good out your sister She. Ain't gonna miss pause giving. Hey don't you worry. I just dunno nothing. That didn't kill nobody. This ain't, Here's Next.


Huh? Mel's gotta take the next verse away. Wait, I ain't Got it But you were a waitress. Wait the in the Alicia Keys video. Shut Up. Alright Man. This sound like Mo too. Yeah, That is. This is, But now I think it's Life. I guess it's just what I smoked some Reggie then Reggie left me, didn't know what to do.


So I smoked some. Reggie needed some flowers since I couldn't get the bush. Oh man, we immature. All you had to have heard this song. No, I haven't really Respect. Respect. Leave him alone. Leave him alone. Leave him alone. I haven't. Yeah nigga. I ain't saying nothing wrong with it. I just It is de, I don't listen to that station on GGTA. It's definitely in radio. Radio. Los Santos. This is in Grand Theft Auto or something.


This is not on radio Los Santos. This isn't one of them games. You play. Wait, you never heard this song and you got the Apple Vision Pros? That's crazy to me. Word. Right. That's nuts. Hey, Alright, we outta here man. Y'all hold it down. Everybody have amazing weekend out there. We'll be back. Same time, same place. Shout of the patrons always. And always for the ladies. Always for the ladies. Hey All weekend long. Hello? Hello. At least till Monday.


Nose, nose, nose, nose. Nose. No. Nose, nose. Nose. No. Nose. No nose. JBP. J. BP. Why would you be without the JBP? That right, we going.