
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show. Hey, Here's your budget. She ain't say nothing. About 85 is your like, hello I. don know what they going to get. I'm on Air Ma. Oh yeah you. I didn't tell you. We recording on Thursday instead of Friday because I says so.


Happy Birthday. Happy birthday Miss Vice. Happy birthday. Say happy birthday. Thank you Phyllis. Thank you. Do you need me? Do I need to step outside? No you Don't. Alright, call you later. Bye. Alright. She ain't say nothing about a new range. Yeah man. So it could be certified preowned full Certified, very Large. 2016 man team, large audience out there too. Shout out to all the listeners out there that's in the certified pre-owned joint. Nah, That's not shit. You know what I mean? Caught 'em slipping little 40, 50, 60,000 miles on them. Him or nigga at the dealer. Hit you with the famous line Yo man such and such brought It didn't even drive it. Brought it's a leftover, brought it right back.


He brought it right back. It's like, it's like new. Yeah I know. Manager Drew. Don't worry, I'm still gonna go to Yeah demo. Call demo manager. I've been up too long. What's my oh Blue Book Kelly Blue book. I'm still gonna sit in your face and go write the Kelly Blue Book now. Hey Sure. What's the VIN number? Kelly Blue Book got me right outta Infinity when that truck was out there. Stupid ass Infinity Man. Y'all crazy as hell. Anyway. Blue Book certified pre-owned, not bad. Certified pre-owned. There we go. You in a certified pre-owned. I am. A lot of mounds. They Caught you I. don know that show is 20,000 miles On. Oh come on man. Come away. Hold. That's what the fuck they talking slip. That's good. 40, 50.


Yeah At 50. Nigga the warranty over Now the certified pre-owned gives you like mine came with like five years I think. Something like that. Yeah. No mileage. No mileage. It resets don't it for you? Yeah it does. It resets for the new owner. So his would be when it get to a hundred miles. Okay. I mean I was just at the shop yesterday. I walked out without a bill so Must be, I think I gotta change my address that I be registering cars in now. Why? Why? Because it ain't a garage there. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Which Really never mattered Too much.


It matters what? Insurance. Insurance. Really? Yeah, it matters. Yeah, go ahead. High end. Everybody think high end is just a car note, right? It's not. No, no, no Daddy. That Shit different. It's all the other shit. Can't be no higher than my oldest son's insurance. I'm joking. Of course You can. Hmm. Yeah, but that nigga bleeding me. I had a talk I. don know I had a nice talk with him. You give him the little app where it tracks how fast he drives and shit to try to lower This Shit. No, no. I ain't gonna bleed him like that. I I'm not going to do that. That shit is nasty. It is Nasty. I don't fuck with that. I had a dad talk Yo. When, you When you 25 When, you When, you old enough to rent a car, Take it over. Insurance Is on you. You old enough to pay for it? Yeah and it really ain't that long. Like a year and a half. Y'all about say he's what 23 now, right?


Yeah, may. May. He 24. Oh 24. Oh yeah. I think It's completely fair to have him pay for the insurance if you pay for the car. Nope, I agree with you. Parks. Let's hear from somebody who's not as reasonable as us. Oh Okay. Ish. What's up? You you gonna make him pay for his own car note or insurance? The insurance insurance both said Oh it's both. Hey come on son. We I'm we gonna be here. Y'all just think he, y'all think he pussy so he not gonna do we gonna be here with these. Fuck I hate that Couch. You say no. I'd say definitely no. Why we gonna be here. Just mark it there. Put put a bookmark on it in a year and a half. You gonna make him pay for his own Cardinal and insurance?


Yes. Nah. What's your reason for him not you think? Because he gonna look out. He gonna continue to look out. Look out for his son. Would he be wrong though for if he did continue to look out? No. Hell no. No, hell no. That's what I'm saying though. Would he be wrong if he stopped? It's contingent upon tre's circumstances. Where Tre's at? Yeah. Okay. And so nowadays car notes and insurance is high as fuck And he in North Jersey, in in New Jersey which is one of the highest in the entire country. I think making him pay for one or the other would be good for like learning responsibilities. I think make At 25. We still in that bond. Well You a whole ass man talking about learning Responsibilities.


You all, you know gener Wealth nigga. Nigga build your ass on MTA and get where you gotta go there. you right this man, people out there that's making it happen. Still getting to work because they have to busting it. And guess what you have to do if you cannot afford your car and insurance. Call my father. Take the train. Alright, call. I mean I'm paying mine. I hear you talking tough guy. How old were you? Were you guys When you started paying for your car note and insurance on your own? I was Grown but I ain't, I was Grown like what's grown. I've been paying my own bill since I was probably 18, 19 years old. Okay. But I ain't Have But somehow they tricked you into thinking it's so astronomical to do today. No because the cost of living back then and cost of living today are drastically different and incomes ain't changed as much and incomes have not changed much.


I know that's why you gotta get multiple. I know to Survive you have to get a few incomes to survive. Little one job might not cut it if if You, if you like nice things. Yeah. And back in the day, driving Is a ni is nice if you like Nice things. Yeah. Driving something nice is I'm only talking to people that like nice things like driving. Yeah. I had two jobs paying my own car note and insurance. How old? 19, 20 I used, I used pay all insurance. That paid bill till About 24. That's the last car note she paid 20, she stepped off that porch and them niggas was dead. Like we been waiting on you. Oh my Lord. All right.


20. I guess I could find a way to start this bad boy Thursday. Vibe is different from a Friday vibe. I Like it. I Like it too for some reason. Nice foggy fall day out there. Fall day, you know what I mean? It's not really fall, it's like 80 fucking degrees outside. Muggy and nasty. It's Maybe outside of your house. It is 80. I don't live that far. You, it's not the water though. I mean you right. You don't live very far. 70. It's pretty close in Proximity. This nigga is, I mean it's like a seven degree difference. It's a a little different on this side of the street. Right. On this side of the street.


you know what I mean? You get that Miami weather where rain over there but it don't overhead. don don feel like breeze. I'm kidding. A little different But you. right. But she's Right. That rare Fight air. Two Things can be true. She does live close. We live close. But Yeah It was feel like Avalanche, When I step out there in the morning. I be Freezing. Oh Man. Man bought some stupid ass expensive hoodie yesterday. They cracked me. That might be the most expensive hoodie I ever bought. They cracked me. What'd It do? Stupid motherfucker. What Do charge some expensive hoodies? Solar Power with the Bulletproof? Yeah I think so. Yeah it'd be like 35.


That's What I'm saying. Oh Shit 3,500 for a hoodie. It gotta be around it. Yeah it better not be on black. I'm peeking out the window waiting for a breeze Because I know some of the, look, I know some of the hoodies and I'm like for you to be the, I think It is made. It is made out out. The problem was I put it on Cash Once I put it on. No It is just made out something. That is stretched Heavy shit and it's heavy and heavy. Shit is That is and 3,500 is still nuts. Ooh Oh. wow fellas. What's the brand That black but it never fade. A wild Fell. What's the brand? I'll tell you. Okay. I thought so. Huh? Yeah. You out your mind.


Who? What you See B? No, I'm gonna show you some shit. What you see? No, I'm gonna show you some shit. Ain't I just ain't Got it. But I'm gonna show you. You Got it. I Got It Owl on card and offset. If y'all think I'm just here to bullshit. Oh Shit, I got at least an hour on this. It's so many different ways to attack this. And they both write to me. They both write. It is tough. Oh Shit. I understand both sides. I gotta hear y'all first. I gotta hear y'all first. I know Ice is fuck Pregnant Chicks So. I don't really need to hear from them. Yeah, hold on. What happened? Five niggas. Now you haven admitted to that in this podcast. You've admitted that yet. I I'm pretty sure that I'm okay. He, I'm pretty sure that couch is fucked. Pregnant chicks if I remember I.


gotta remember that. My memory. Not the chick. You got pregnant, pregnant chicks? No, no, no, no, no, no. Another men's carrier. Another man carrier. Like a, somebody else seeded it. Another man's carrier. Yo don don't. Wow. don don't know if I ever did that. I don't think so. Not you. I don't think so. You, I think I have too. Thank you. Thank you Mel. You got somebody out here? What? What did, did you fuck a dude that had somebody pregnant? That's gotta reverse it for you. I mean probably. I'm sure. Okay, so you down. I think I have. I ain't know a couple times actually. So this is gonna be a tough pod for y'all to get on. Y'all moral high grounds, right? Y'all are fucked up. Yes. It is. Yes, It is. No it ain't.


It's gonna be alright. Nah, well don't worry fab niggas. Yeah we no we'll get to it. My mind's We talk. We talk. Let's get to it. We talk. What? Fuck what somebody else pregnant pussy. I heard that shit is amazing. I couldn't do that. Can't get that shit pregnant again. I I couldn't do that. Spray. Yeah. Yo, you stupid. I think this something's wrong with all y'all but that's probably true. But hey what trimester up? Oh my god y'all are jump in the gate. Oh. Shit. You sick?


Oh Where my, I have a kid who have a kid. Anybody got kids there Boo. We Be arguing all the time. She be talking a lot of stuff. She like, you know what mom, guess what? You're just bitter 'cause my dad didn't want you. Damn. I was like girl you don't even know what she talking about. Your daddy didn't want you. Oh, Shit, Oh, Shit. That was my book. How you think you Got here? Like That's funny. I Gotta a gang of pictures of us happy before you got here. If you wanna sit down I'll show you Until You can fuck up. We Freak with in Vegas. No you didn't go to Disneyland. I win all the time but I Just tell her she'd be talking lot of smack.


Like I said, I would invite him over but he's gonna walk past your room and I don't wanna hurt your feelings. Get your daddy interested in you. That's what he was so interested in. That was great. come on man. Four weather man. I know how it feels out there. Summer ended. You've been watching her do whole shit all summer. It been building up inside of you now you had enough. Gotta have that full breakup talk. come on we here for you.


Niggas are breaking up this boy. Ish. That's backwards. Supposed to be get together so Nigga start fooling up In the fall. Winter Cuffing Season. Winter. No We start. Well this is where the audition happening. This is When. you start kindling. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Putting us the fishing line. Yeah. So by November she boo boo. Hey boo. Hey hey big heads. Halloween we h No y'all Halloween. We h y'all too fast. Y'all nigga couple Fits. Yeah. Okay, Couple Fits. I wanna make myself clear. Y'all are right but it sounds like y'all are right for When. you are planting a seed. I'm talking about for the niggas out there that been staring at their girl.


Big, stupid, ugly fucking head. All summer for the last eight years. I'm talking about for the niggas that annually do a little on and off on again. Off again. How soon is too soon to fuck on the off portion of that to me and my girl Disagree. We don't. I know some niggas that think 24 hours. How soon? I know some girls that think 24 hours. I know some girls that was fucking before the off switch. No but the the Justifi. Hey dude Justifiably what? We was broke up. I'm talking to It is Tuesday.


Bitch what you talking about? What? To the niggas that have been just living with their girl walking by the sink. Mad dishes. It's nasty. Aw bitch got a wigs on. Mad mannequin heads all around the house look like Stephen King furnace just shit. She got the nerve to get up and want to go to a steakhouse with her friends. You in the crib like This bitch. What am I doing here in The crib? Like why am I here with this dig headed loser? Change is Gonna come for real. don don't know if I'm the same man I was. When I met this heifer for the niggas that got a plan an escape.


Now is the time. And the girls too. And the girls too. But niggas are listening to this. So y'all go listen to some other shit now and they need us right now. They didn't sleep or eat nigga they clipped on his spot at 4:00 AM That's ka. He lying. That's he lying. That nigga was fed up. That's Cap. No he wasn't. No he wasn't. No he Wasn't fed up. Nah, I forgot you had a crash out crew. What? Nah, Crash out crew Talking about Talk to that couch. Talk to what? Couch.


Couch Crash Talk him. He's referencing a conversation that y'all, they threw 30 pounds in the bushes. Crash out crew. Oh that was a crash out. Oh no that was crash out I. think that was a crash out. That was a That's crash out. That's crash and go let's pass a crash out. Okay. All of us has crashed out. I ain't gonna say nothing. It's cool. I've crashed out. I'm gonna let niggas keep they dignity a hundred percent We've all crashed out. Absolutely. Oh yeah they go now we all the what about You crashed out the What? About know you crashed So. I know he's crashed out. I said now It is we all, I think we all did heard stories about Ish. We've heard stories. Why men can't just talk about the experience without including men. You just said y'all niggas are the crash Out couch. No I said talk about no he said That.


He said it first. Y'all niggas done crashed out. You got a whole discography of crash out. Yeah, I'm about to say which. Well we you watch this publicly. It is kind of different. You hold filled up a whole junk Yard. He showed niggas how to crash out. Mine Is all mine is exonerated from my jacket now Why? Because you felt asleep. It ain't even there no more. No it's there. Wow. Hell you got an expungement. I Got it in my phone. Ring Apple music all here. You expunged it. Show me how like erasing your ho. I outlasted them hoes Fearful. They Don't even really exist no more. None of them that don't count. They could just make up Shit's a valid argument. It's a valid argument. They don't have voices.


Platforms they don't have. That is a very valid Argument. That is, That is not. So that means they are struggle. That is not valid. Valid. That is valid to me. That Is valid. How? How isn't it So? I outlasted you okay. Nobody cares about you. Yes and I'm running shit These records. So the flip side counts. Yes. Yes. you know how many bitch women Yes. Are outlasting niggas? Yes. You better keep up. Count no more. You better stay safe. Women take niggas off. They body count like all the time. Time about body count. He talking about the body count. We not talking about the body. Talking Body. Body count. We talking about outlasting. Yo. We talking about crashing out. Yo. He saying it don't count no more when she go get her fucking body done. All that shit y'all went through it don't exist no more.


You. if you don't keep up that shit is On the doctor. You better keep up with the Joneses. Nigga. We talking about the crashes. You better hit the pull up bar and do a couple pushups and eat that healthy cel. Shake that Corey be fucking deal nigga. It works in reverse too. It ain't just, you better stay up. They did not. I killed. I killed and I'm tired of not acknowledging it. I did. I did it. They counted me. Smooth the fuck out. Fuck it. All 'em niggas So I rose from the ashes. Like a phoenix. Like a phoenix. Yeah. Now they want me to sit at the top of the mountain talking about no it still counts back then nigga.


Well We doesn't Matter. Hey 2024 watch you raised a good number. My girl on the phone last time. I gotta fight or a card offset. Shit. She want, she want to live vicariously through the bitch that's leaving. Oh. Slow down. Don't get too carried away. Little mama. She talking about I left. I left. I let her say it. 'cause men you gotta let girls just say girl math sometimes I left. I left all the FaceTime. Go ahead girl. Quiet. Said it again. I left twice First coming up. I left twice. You said verse coming up first. Coming up.


I left twice. The first one before the FaceTime skin glowing. But where you at though? Skin glowing on the face. I left twice. I let it cook. Who you on the phone with right now? Leave. Leave today. Make it three times then. Hey you tell trifecta. You tell run back. Do it now. Lock Char don't let card get it. Go ahead. Today I'm telling my baby that's my baby. I don't care what y'all say Us. I'm rolling with your theory. Now y You Got it. Yeah you sweat. You Got it. You sweat me. You hey leaving in 20 When. you left 2019.


2020. It's a different state in 2024. I'm, I'm, I'm with you. It is more to contemplate. I'm not lying no more. It is much to consider you. You, you want me over your side because let some people from didn't pop up. Who? don don't know. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, I'm with you. We popping bitches holding on to them. Lonely ass. Two strands of baby ears. Joseph combing them shit. Still trying to make 'em relevant on they face baby ears. The only thing that's going to get you going. Oh yeah, you better hold it. That's my baby ears is my podcast bitches.


Wake up. Spend 45 minutes on that strand. Get it cute. Oh. Shit. Get a cute girl. you know you were playing music a couple days, Oh Shit. Shit. I am funny on Thursday and in trouble on Friday. Friday today. You got one day Chill. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Huh? You got a day chill. Chill. Yeah. Not no more. Not now. Oh yeah. You got one day of freedom. Enjoy it. She might be here this weekend now. Now. Oh inhouse yell at? Yeah. Oh that's a little different. Yeah, now the beef is in my face. Yeah. Can't run from it. And That is the worst beef ever man.


Enjoy your fry. We was in the middle of a fucking heated argument one time and she got flying in the face face to face on. Then I'm calling my friend and get me outta, I ain't call him. It is a rush hour. The friend was busy somewhere. I took the friend about seven hours to get over here we stand looking at each other. You hungry or what? Stupid. By the time the friend came, It is like, don't worry about it. You want something to eat too? I ain't really that tight no more. Send me a little stupid friend home now you look stupid. Gotta sit in the car for 30 minutes and explain. Yeah, I left.


Say it again. I dare you. Oh sorry nigga I was talking. I love you baby. I'm just, I'm just bud. Four ain't four without this to me man. Let's get to it. Here goes, you know, I mean grab you something to sit man.


Shout to everybody. Taking the kid sad. Ain't no kids going on, no kids going to school. All the scammers and the dope boys, everybody locked down right now. Where have you listening from all over the World. Shout to the shout to the subgroup. Shout to our sponsors and sponsor X and It is not Def Jam. You fucking internet detectives. Y'all swear never want to say Byebye. Talk to him Dave. They wasn't young. He wasn't There.


Hey. Alright Amani, I hear you arm. Alright, Let that Nicki Mina fan know some Chill, chill, chill. All right.


Microphone check. One, two, one two. Microphone. Check one. One, two, one two. Keep that applause going for the greatest podcast on Earth. Keep that applause going while I hit the drops. Keep that applause going for niggas coming in on an off day when Ice asking. Not Joe Applause. Nigga showed up on I'm smelling good All ice I gotta make that nigga the network GM don don't know how he did it. I tried to sneak one pass. Ask me last. Come to me last all you niggas agreed.


Fucked up. The whole fucked up. The whole Ask Me last play. Anyway Anyways, Episode 7 62 of The Joe, Budden Podcast, which is me and all of us and most of you guys out there brought to you by Powered by Few, by sponsored by prize Pinks my prize fan. I'm your humble, grateful gracious, happy to be here. Host Joe Button here with some really, really, really amazing people. To my right. The amazing the September Potter of the month. Hootie who? Huh? Big M four Melyssa Ford in the building.


Hey. Hey. Next to her Amani is here with the game face on. Ooh he got his pod game. Face on, on know. Nigga. Nigga. Stupid Amani. Wake up do jumping Jacks ready to come pod and tell you niggas how you feel about some things. That's right. That's right next to him. Big it in the building. Huh? Woodridge is fine. Woodbridge is Finest. Woodbridge Woodbridge. Woodbridge is finest. Wa the king. Wawa in the building. Antoine is here. Ice is here. Stuffy as hell here though. He's here though. He's here. And that's the better option to come get everybody sick so we can all take over. I got sick from you. First card Early.


Can you prove that? Yeah, Prove it. You. You were here sick. Can you prove I was the only one here? Sick. You were the only one that admitted it. So yeah. So you don't have a clean bill of health from everyone here. I would take my, I stand in my trial nigga We know I'm Taking the stand in my trial. Are. you shitting me. The judge Gonna clock you right with that gap. Are, You shitting me. I'm taking the stand in my trial. Get Your ass outta here. Wasting the court's time Next to freeze. Jay Juan is in the building. What's going on everybody? Alright Jay Juan is new so we going get a cooler intro for the, he's cooler that Guys, He's cooler than that. Hey guys, what's going on everybody?


Big Alpha Army ing for the Nepo babies. Big Parks el fine. Us in the building. Corey is here. PO is here. Ericson is here. Tan of the timestamps. I'm reading them. I'm reading them Avon too. Delegating that shit to some nigga. He introduced me to at his party talking about this nigga to do the timestamps. Like I was about to be fly but I was fly. You just about to steal. I didn't bring it up. I didn't bring it up. I just partied. People are telling me that I'm grumpy in in some places. So I'm trying to work on it. Trying to work on it. Okay, good. Yeah. Toy said I fucked up that little Dr trip that everybody went on in the house 'cause I was grumpy and I had no choice but to listen to it.


So I'm gonna work on it. Gross. You mentioned that trip here. How do, How do people do that? How do people become less grumpy? I don't like people Stick from around people then. Well I try to do that. Well no you don't gotta, even if you don't want to be there, You don't gotta be. It's a mindset. They don't gotta know it shots. It's a mindset. Just take shots. What if you get there? Niggas be weird. You gotta learn how to fake better. Yes. That's it. You Got it around weirdness. You gotta get a fake laugh or a fake grin. Fake. Yes. Unless you, yeah, No you don't gotta a fake You said unless you Ish. Yeah, if everyone is having fun and you the person throwing it off, I don you're the problem. I don.


Mind my nigga. You ain't gotta fake leave. But If You can leave, I Ain say he shut up and let J Warren shoot at this nigga. Oh, What you doing My bad. I Don't know what they talking about but I want hear it. Oh scared. Nah, that main pop Is scaring niggas. Huh? That main poping nigga. It's different. It's different. Different energy. Alright, so where do we begin? Cardi B and Offset. Also, we're recording this before Friday so there's no, I don't know any music. If you're hearing this and there's no music to review, that's 'cause there's no music to review. Even though we will get to that J Cole verse that we missed the other day. Yeah, right. But Cardi being set Crazy. That's it.


I don't even know how to explain it. What happened? You want to tell us Mel? No, I'm waiting for one of y'all to tell me. I'm, I'm on the indictment and Nick Cardi got her look back man. That's what how It started. They got on the internet spilling teeth basically. I did just see A tv. Cardi did a live, she was getting in her bag on the live and then Offset commented something that when it got sent to my phone, I thought it was fake. I did too. I didn't even think it was real, but apparently it was. And Offset was in the live. Oh yeah, we gonna spend some time on this. Getting Your marital fights off in the live is crazy. You was trying to call her phone and throw her off. Yo, you wanna get it off. You have to watch your wife or your girls live through your fta.


You should not be on your page unless you want her to know that It is you on your page and want. And even if that your mere presence is supposed to do something when it get to the point, you gotta write the comment in your wife's live. Don't nigga a fuck It's bad. No, her his presence did do something that added 20 more batteries. Yeah nigga, like I'm, I'm tight with you and now I see you here. I know you been calling me trying to get through to me. I'm turned up Now. So Offset wrote you let a nigga fuck pregnant, tell the truth. And I'm thinking why would somebody tell that truth like on Live of all places.


And then she got off the live and then fired some tweets at that nigga and then no, no. First he was responding under Baller Alert and all these other places and then she was responding back. I'll read you something. Fuck it. I Got It. Well the one that said everybody in the frizzy though was The Exclamation and caps. All caps. I fought about that. Wait, I fought about daddy either About to end dig. Yes please Let me hear this. I'm saying What fuck. Alright dog. Today gonna be Funny. Corey, that's your ringtone Fuck. Was that your ringtone? The fuck is up with your phone bro? A chick screaming is your ringtone Nigga might be 70 porn.


Yeah, that shit sound like Though and did a Little funk guitar on it And did to me meant and I did. I didn't think there was many words that you even needed to interpret in that. Apparently my girl and many other girls out there on the internet feel like she was trolling and that you just fucking with somebody in the middle of a argument. Yep. My girl, they don't, they don't believe that she really Did that. I don't either. I don't think she did that. It could have been wow factor It. It is, It is. No, I'm trying to hurt you. No, that's what I'm saying. It could have been Wow factor. Yeah, I'm, I'm trying to gut punch you. Yeah, yeah. All right. Whatever you said. Yeah, I did that. Do you believe, alright, so now I'll give you my same line of questioning.


Do you believe that she would be trying to hurt him and gut punch him? Yes. Yes. Yeah, I'm asking. Oh, so you down with ice? Yes. Yes. So if you believe that, why would the behavior not include fucking somebody while pregnant to hurt and gut punch you? Some women won't, won't do that. Some women won't say And did Some people like to have you just thinking you don't actually know. Yeah, it's mental fuckery. She Didn't say that. She'll expose her own tea if it come down to it. Right. Yeah. So maybe he did find something else out and she like, well before you have to go in and put it out there, I'm gonna put it out there. Well Now, now that you put it out to the world. So, and She was on the live talking like niggas went like nigga went through her phone, found some tea and is holding it against her like, yo, I will release this.


Stop playing with me. And she's like, nigga, I'll release it. Yeah. Well he released it once. He said what he said And that's what I think the response is. And did Can I ask is And did It is crazy that Go ahead. I was gonna say, is it relevant to ask like what she was saying prior to all this? Like what was she saying on her live before he like he She was rapping bars. She was rapping some bars. So She wasn't talking about the strife in their relationship. She was just talking about her shit. I think the The bars started. The Bars was about, okay. Yes. All right. And then he pops up and then they start a back and forth. Okay, cool. Let's see, let's see. No I That end did was Vicious. I agree. If you're gonna accuse me of something and you already fucking think it and I, whether or not I did it or not, I'm gonna be like hey yeah I'm gonna run with it.


I'm keep it a buck. Soon as I saw This shit the first When I Told these niggas and shit. Believe me, thanks. They gonna fuck on anything. These niggas way too easy. Good for nothing. Low down dirty dog. I'm convinced next time you see your mama to her, how she raised the bitch, I'm going outside 'cause it's hot out. You was playing games, you on timeout. Where the fine niggas, Hey I'm trying to, Trying to finds I been cuffed up too long. Let me Remind Yo Spit Shot. They gonna fuck on anything. These niggas way too easy. Good for nothing low.


I'm convinced every time you see your mama to how daddy the bitch bitch out. Sad 'cause it's hot out. You was playing games, you on timeout. What the fine niggas? I'm trying to find nigga. Nigga I've been cuffed up too. Yeah, yeah. Wait, hold up, hold up, hold up. Let me pause it because niggas is sipping they little t all time. Hold up. Lemme pause it because niggas is making faces. Nigga. Nigga say something. Oh, go ahead. I said When I first read This shit. First thing I said was when is the single dropping before I even heard that I'm sick Raw. She stop it. It Does seem like a good time to drop some music. We can.


No, I'm sick to y'all with that. Enough of that. Why Enough of that. I'm listening because we've seen all the evidence in the world over the course of mad years to say that they are really going through shit in the house. Yeah. Yeah. It could be true. Yeah. Both could be True though. I don't want get stuck up on this I Don stuck. I don't wanna wanna hear no rollout. She It's too, it's too easy a cop out. Yeah, we can keep, can The Better not drop then something better not drop. Why not So? I was supposed to drop for seven years. Oh no That's that. You heard the out. That's that's a, that's a record. That's some of The best music you get from people going through they real life Shit. That is Understand this is a result including from Everybody made that last night. No. All right then I'm, But she's been going through some things for quite some time that she's held it down.


Absolute down thus fall. Absolutely. Every week she get on live some platform and say I'm working on music, I'm releasing my track list soon it's coming. She's overdue. we know that part. we know all of that. Yeah. So at some point music should come and if you're channeling from this then great. I want hear that change in Johnson. Absolutely want to hear it. I wanna hear the change content. I wanna hear Turn up. I wanna hear this. But I Don't think that her album or her career, well her career, yes. But we'll get to that part. I don't think that her, that her music has anything. I think they going through real shit in there. I Believe It is, I believe they're going through it but I'm talking about the public side of it now. Says this nigga has been in the house with me playing around for years. Maybe I wasn't all the way sure of my worth.


Maybe. Maybe I just let 'em get it off because Libra and shout out to Libras out there. Y'all are my favorite signs to spin around. Oh man, y'all are one of my favorite signs to spin. Y'all don't be knowing shit from shittier. No. And y'all so loyal to niggas. That's wrong y'all. Y'all have a devotion. But now what I will say is a Libra unlocked is, but now when they get tired then they start Libra. They got a little that Scorpio gen. Vindictive. Vindictive Virgo. No they gonna teach you a lesson once it go bad they a once it go bad.


Yeah. So now all offset been fucking and fucking and fucking and fucking allegedly and fucking in different ballparks. You fucking would. This is the part that niggas was be confused about. Eh, some nigga you fucking chicks that should not be able to breathe your the same. Hes your wife. You fucking chicks that just on the level scale shouldn't ever be able to DM your wife with some of This shit. Some of This shit that Cardi has endured here is like Chaw rock shouldn't be able to say it's, Hey it's embarrassing. Like Yes enough. It is now.


It is like enough. It is enough. Now Antoine, I think it don't matter. I think that I think that When you fucking a super bad fly out of this world chick. They gonna fill away. Wait, are you talking about Cardi in this scenario? No, you Talking about who you cheat with. I'm talking about the oh chick who cheated with cheat E. Right? So when a man is fucking some super fly chick, now you really testing your wife's insecurities, you te you know what I mean? Now she feeling like a piece of shit. So she gonna be mad at that. But then When you fucking a little dusty chick. She can be like, that's who you chose. Like you damned if you're doing, you damned if you don't. How about don't cheat? I was just Fun. Okay, fine, fine, fine. Yes.


Don't cheat. Yes, if You cheat you gotta cheat up. If you cheat you gotta cheat up. If you were to be cheated on, I would hope you would want to be cheated on with somebody on your level or doing better. And that's a fact. What's cheating up? cheating Up. If you cheat on your wife or if your wife cheating on you, cheating with somebody who's in a better position than you doing better than you is just way more established. You're not gonna revert back to a fucking hood. Rat That would, That would trigger the insecurities More. Do you know why people do you know, you know why people cheat, right? People cheat for different reasons, right? So why would someone in that moment be looking for all that when they just wanna bust a nut?


Well you gotta think about what you have access to. Look what we talking about. We talking about Cardi being offset. He had their access is out of this world. Bad money, wealth. They're not around regular. So When, you cheat with somebody that's dusty. Yeah It just looks bad any way you put it. Y y'all speaking to what people like in they maybe day-today life. Okay in that aint trying to little moment, he ain't trying to level up in that moment. He trying to just fuck and bust a nut. So if shorty is pretty, even though she a dust ball, whatever, if she's pretty and she can give him a nut, he going cheat. I think a Lot of people think that Embarrass that shouldn't work like that. I think a lot of people cheat down because it, it seems like easy. You get away with that shit a little bit Easier.


It's Sam. Sam it's easy. I don't have to put as much work. Yo the the super fly chick that alright first off we going to use offsetting Cardi B for him to date up. It's hard. It's hard. It's going to take some time. I gotta finesse it. I gotta nurture it. I gotta do a bunch of things. That's caty. Not necessarily That's cat. This is the industry we're talking the it's Not true. Where's the cat? It ain't, it ain't going off. Offset circle is offset Circle. Okay and we not talking about financially. So We up we talking about. So what's up? We're just talking about quality status. Yeah. The people that are From to, if you're married to her, what's up everybody on a level? No, everybody knows you're married to Cardi B.


So some of these chicks, some not all. We are all in agreement. Some of these chicks gonna be a little tougher. The fuck because I know you married nigga, I'm not getting out nothing outta this but a fuck. And they probably like Cardi and, and this might be my peoples. I know your wife, I speak to your wife. I might not fuck you the bad shorty over there. And Allure is fucking this nigga that's fire and and like this. Alright, I'm going home to my wife. This is gonna be a tough day for me to have to some of these talks. Lemme see. Lemme see. I need y'all to be honest too. And to Jay Juan's point about the men We talk about men in here. It's a bunch of men in here. Let's be honest, you don't want your wife fucking a nigga that's way higher than you on the status. And you don't, On the flip side, it doesn't work.


It you it doesn't play, it doesn't work. On the flip side, why? Like for for men, they don't look at it the same way. A woman who's being cheated on, if he cheats on her with a fucking dust bunny, we really are like her. Are you fucking serious? But then if she's got, like, if she's beautiful and she's got some kind of establishment or whatever the case is, like women look at it, it's still cheating, but it's just like I can kind of see why this happens. you know what? I'm okay, lemme jump in and start. Men do not want that guy to be anywhere close to his level or above it. They lose their shit Or you damn near be suicidal nigga. Yes, but I take that I I'm I'm, I'm telling you guys and the audience out there that there are levels.


Cardi is saying and she smoked the point, yo, you going, you in, you going to these clubs, these strip clubs, you getting drunk, you paying the 2000 to 2,500 and bitches is fucking, I'm not mad at them. We in a rec, we in a recession, the economy is bad. Of course dumb bitches is going to fuck doing what they supposed to do. I think offset is and should be above that level of cheating. And I'm telling y'all that there are different communities of women out there specifically tailored to fucking this type of man. Oh that's true.


That know I know your girl, I know the relationship you in. I know how to hold it down. You're just gonna have to start paying up. You gotta pay up. But there are levels to this and I I'm on the side of at card's level. Yeah, it feel a lot better for you to come home and tell me that you slipped up in a knee along not knee long of course, but of course in a knee along versus a chaw rock. You playing with a, a bitch from the Bronx. I'm Not disagreeing with you. What I'm saying also, Oh wait, IM sorry, go ahead. Also, Cardi almost caught a case behind you fucking the chicks in the strip club. In the strip club club. She lost multimillion dollar deals, was facing however many years in court.


That was a big situation. What I'm saying is, and I'm not disagreeing with you, what I'm saying is the Nia long esque 'cause we're not talking about the actual Nia Long, the Nia Long esque might not be a same night. Same fight this chick over here for three grand. I got that today. I'm drunk. I saw you. You popping it. You shaking it. I don't have to nurture though. I think you're misinterpreting what Joe's talking about. No, I don't think So I think he's talking about Highend escort ladies of the night. Yes. Not Nia. Let's get Nia along and No, no, no. Yeah. Not not. And even With the higher end ladies Escorts of the night, the same $10,000 chicks you could catch on the right night for 2,500 if You want. Not because I'm not even talking about just escorts, but women that are targeting that are specifically made for the niggas of a certain coin.


And I'll hold it down. What if he don't like that? What if that's not what he like let's just take, let's just take his wife. No insult to Cardi. 'cause Cardi is who she is. But Cardi in essence is a chick from the Bronx. She got a hood appeal to her. She that's her her connect Then. Well she was and what she is now was she she started Hold on, hold on, hold on. Started. The only thing that changes saying stop, the only thing that changes her today and That is the money she has in the way she dresses. She's still, she's still for the most part Her access Personality wise. She still talks talk to same still acts the Same. He's saying that's offset Traffic offset. He saying that's his bag and you trying to tell him well switch your bag so that you can't tell a nigga to do. That's right. If that's his taste and that's what he like and he find that in the law and mermaids and all, that's what he gonna Keep finding Two points.


Y'all Not switching y taste just so y'all can go ahead and And stay safe. I got two points to your point about yes the Fuck I'm Shit I got two Just the fuck I'm I would if I was working, you know? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yo, it's It is You niggas is lying. It is just saying same fight argument that two thou sexual discipline is the fall of men. It is That is the all of We Talk to him. No, no you just said the goalpost talking about nigga cheating Elected. You just said, you just said that he might not want to pay that higher up for the Nia Long s women. And this two grand a night, same night, same fight a due that sexual discipline of have you losing your family, your wife saying and did on Instagram live and Twitter and have you over there ready to crash out 30 pounds lighter up with That's not two bullets in the bushes.


That's not what we talking about. The 30,000 A night bitch will have you losing your family too. You talking about At least you over here, your wife has something to look at versus you paying 2005 nights a week, five nights a week, nigga 10,000. No, that's not to fuck a dude. That's Not true. That's not true. When. You could be fucking somebody better. I would my your wife would take you spending 30,000 on a bitch. That ain't gonna say nothing and she really might only find it out if you do some super bogus shit or paparazzi at you. He absolutely versus you fucking girl for two thousand's. Not right. That is in the club that the niggas who sell came to. No He's not. Right because none of you niggas in here with Mel. Have you ever stayed with a nigga, found out he cheated and it's like, like yo fuck, I'll stay with him 'cause he cheated with something up.


No, because he never cheated up. He fucked dust bunnies. I was fucking insulted. Okay, so until you actually experienced that, don't know what you would do. You don't know what you would do in that moment. Extra girl. Extra girl. But hold That, would you be mad if I fuck Nia long or if I fucked the bitch in diamonds, which one she's gonna be more upset about. But also I wanna add onto that. No, I've never been married with children, you know what I'm saying? So that they have a whole different situation where there's a whole lot more at stake. So with my just relationship or engagement, it's not the same as having children. You guys, you guys at a marriage with somebody. You, you guys are trying to predict how someone's gonna take being cheated on just because it looks a little more glamorous than the other. No, no, No, no, no, no, no. Y Wait, Wait, wait, wait. That's it. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. Let me tell you what I'm doing because we can go back and forth on cheating and how and when all day long.


But at some point you gotta get to the why of the cheat and I think that matters. And apparently Cardi does too because she is accusing him of being intimidated in the household. She's accusing him of being insecure. It is deeper than oh that This shit that we talking about. She's saying, yo, I'm up. I've leveled up. I'm all the way up. I'm not the same girl and you don't know how to be with me. I could see that. So you continue to fuck the low level bitches because it makes you feel better coming to the house. So let me ask you And I think that the stuff y'all are saying voids like accountability on that front. At some point the cheetah gotta look in the mirror and say why am I chief?


Does that Have to be true? I was Why what you Saying? What you saying it looks true. It may make her feel better. I understand it may make her feel better. Thank you. And finding a reason to why it's happening. But that don't have to be true for him. He could just like, it Doesn't have to be true Bitch, I just like fucking bitches. Oh Stop it. Alright, now it's cap. Alright, now y'all about to do nigga cap anymore. He Stop it. He's not Capp. What's that cap? He's not capping. Where's The cap at? He's not Capping. I'm not saying that it can't be true. I'm not saying it don't have to be true. Both. Both be true. It could potentially be, I don't know him. don don't know her. People Cheat for a reason. Yo. If your bitch is that bitch, you can't just be fucking any type of bitch. Yeah, People cheat for a reason Bro. Listen to this. Some niggas cheat out of pure greed and nothing more. That is a reason and every nigga in this room has cheated for greed.


Every nigga wasn't insecure, every nigga wasn't unhappy at home. Every nigga wasn't going through nothing in their personal life access. They were happy with they wife, they was happy with they girlfriend and they saw a bad bitch over there and they fucked that girl. No. And they went home to they girl and laid ka Cap and you conflating two things. Yes, every nigga has done that. We are talking about a consistent perpetual cheater over the course of seven years. So he might be We talk, he Might be a nigga that like to fuck Joe. Stop. Stop it. Stop it, stop it, stop it. So if you like to fuck, why is it only relegated to these bottom feeder bitches that we talking about? How do We know he ain't got no top tier bitches on his jacket? You see how We Got it about the top 10 bitches? That's the point. That don't mean it don't exist though.


Jay. That is The That is the point. That is the point. You fucking with bitches that's making shit hell for us. When, when You can fuck with bitches. That's saying Nothing. You I agree. You are conflating two points. We talked about why a man is cheating. That's one point versus who he chooses to fuck. I'm saying that he could be cheating because he likes fucking different women. How is the who bro? Why again, We talk about two bitches, different Points. I wanna respond. I wanna respond to that. Okay? And I'm gonna submit to your theory. He likes fucking different chicks, greed or whatever. You don't think that a sane person looks at that with, with Cardi and the wealth that she's accumulated, the family he's built, he keep putting kids in her So.


I mean you don't think that the same person looks at that and says, okay, time the tame some of that. 'cause I can tell you why he wouldn't. I, I have built, I've built a life. I got the girl I want. He talks about this girl like this is the woman of my dreams. I put all the kids in her actually actually we know that this is the woman of his dreams and this is why I'm attacking the bullshit that y'all are saying yo. Because he see value in her being the bm. He said It. Of course stop. Of course Stop. If if you able to see that value then something is sick that you don't see the value in her as the wife and That is Joe, you cheated on girls before.


Stop. You've cheated on girls that you love that have been your girlfriend and that you have not, you wasn't going nowhere and cheated down. Wait, wait, hold up, hold up H and cheated up or down. I'm talking about whatever It is. It don't matter whether it was up or down. You have been in relationships with the girl you knew you wasn't going nowhere. You wasn't going nowhere. This was solitude. This was my foundation. This was my rock. And I still fucked a girl knowing that I wasn't going nowhere on my girl. So I'm accepting of this is where I want to be. I'm over here doing something greedily that I, this girl ain't got a snowballs chance in Haiti of bagging me. I'm gonna fuck you and I'm gonna go home to my girl. It's no difference. But What I'm saying is not, that's Not a Respond what I'm saying. Hold on. You said he gotta be sick to do that.


Respond to my second point which was if you see all this value in her as a BM, then why don't you see it as a wife? You do. You could but When, you cheat. Joe's call. She, This is not the behavior When, you see the value as much. That's not you. Right? This behavior, it be one more thing that we overlook in here. We've been through this quite a few times. I don't think you're going nowhere. That's Exactly what I about to say. That's it. Yeah. You not going to leave. He Said that. No, he said, he said that in his Tweet. I won you my bm. That's what it's saying. Stop talking this idealistic shit. Niggas be cheating you coming back and my niggas called cheating. 'cause you don't think You get caught. Hold on, hold on. Can we just read this? This is what he said. Everybody can see. I don't want you, it's okay. I'm not talking about this no more.


He, I'm not talking about this no more. All love you will be calling me after a couple of months. You my bm. I won. That's his comment. That's manipulation. He Yeah, but that's whatever. That's don don't know that she showed the other side. That's Manipul. He's been doing this consistently. Yes. And she keeps coming back back. She filed for a divorce before all you had to do was get on the stage. Go ahead. Grand Gestures, Grand gesture. She ain't, Ain't never go about it this way though. We listen bro to him and his brain. We done been here before. We will be here again. We'll be back here again. So, so the Point that Joe not saying it's right or wrong, That is Delusion and ma manipulation. It is, and so to Joe, the point that Joe made, you guys think that that's completely out of the realm of possibility. That his cheating is a direct result or maybe an indirect result of his insecurity.


That she is the, the one that's no It is very possible up Possible. Very possible. Very possible. Just give both sides of it. 'cause that could, that could, that could be her really t Real Think it don't have to be definitive. No, I think it's a massive factor. Let me ask you this, his behavior a massive factor because I've, I've been in that position. I know many women that have been in that position where you are in the up and your man is on a downward spiral professionally in, you know, in the public eye. And you know what his one thing is that he likes to do? Fuck dust bunnies to make you feel insecure. Man not, Not Wanna run from that. Not if people, that's The part niggas not if he, he's been doing that his whole life. Niggas wanted ask, leave the house, hold and fuck the dust bunnys so they could feel better as a man walking around. Was He walking the dust bunnies?


When you was down before she got all the way up there. Was he fucking the same caliber Bitches? Yes. you know. Oh I don know His business wasn't out there before they was married. This is my point. So if he was doing this same level of behavior before you got up here, you being up here is not the catalyst for him doing it. Now Our baseline is you supposed to stop doing it. I'm Not just that's You got Married, I'm not. We just having the Talk. I don again, We talk different. We talking about should he do it versus why he's doing it. They are two totally different conversations. Y'all Think the Y is because he just like to do it. Yeah. I think that. I think it's a combination of think think it's a combination bro. It's that he like doing it and I don't think you going nowhere that matters to some niggas like, yo, I know I could get off. Alright cool, you mad now you broke up, you filed for divorce, all that shit, you'll be back.


I Don't care about the Why. Jwan, you said something. The strategy of the cheating, right? When When, you go ahead and decide you wanna keep something going, you might cheat up. You might cheat in a better prestige. 'cause you know the women that you're dealing with will kind of hold shit down. That'll make it a little easier time to do. Niggas might start to do that when they kind of want to keep their relationship going a certain way. Like don don't wanna get caught. Certain niggas just be, don't give a fuck. Certain niggas just don't care. At a certain Point, you know, you Know why I I just that that I hate that message that y'all are saying. Even if it's right. You putting your names on houses with me. You are building and developing businesses with me. You doing shit that screams long term investment.


Indeed. He Might really see long term still the baby Was already long term Three babies. What are talking about, you know how you just saying, you know how you was jokingly saying, wow, Yo, you all sound crazy. You know You speak to reality. We're not speaking about what's right or wrong. Yo. Yeah, you talking, you talking about right or wrong? I'm talking reality. I'm saying that when a nigga is, once a nigga has a baby with a woman, right? And they plan a child. If the child is planned like I want to have a baby with you, evidently I want you to be in my life long term. That's where when Has that's where you wrong. I'm speaking to the reality who They have. That's not how, that's not what niggas is out here doing and saying when they having these babies, niggas are mad back to sexual discipline. They sexually irresponsible Said when they say they're doing the same, when they put names on house plan to have a baby with you.


I didn't say a nigga fucked you and slipped up. I said a nigga planned to have a child with you. Yeah. Alright. If I plan to have a child with you, I'm under the guise that we are gonna be in each other's life for long term. Yes. Whether, even if we're not in the same relationship, I trust that you are gonna be an amazing baby mom for me and we going be have a situation. Yes. Cool. I'm put I'm building businesses with you. Cool. Again, that's all longevity. Shit. I'm agreeing with you. When a nigga is cheating, he's cheating under the premise that I'm not gonna get caught. No Ish, he's gotten caught 97 times and even more reason why you Don't care about being caught. Look, 'cause you'd never leave. I'm not talking to the matter of the why he keeps doing it. It's the hell that you supposed to do's.


And She did leave at one point and he made and he made a huge, like it was grand gesture after grand gesture after the grand gesture worked. Worked and, and it worked. Okay. So so You're speaking more to his point? No, it's, it's literally like out don't all like, let's take into account all the fucking promises he probably made in order to get back into her good graces. Yes. And how long it took? We don't actually know, but it was months. You know that nigga was on stage talking about I'll never do it again. Baby, baby. Exactly. Please. Why fucking do it again. Why? Because it yo, He Likes Fucking, He likes other bitches nigga. Nigga that rob a bank or something and get away with it. He go to Rob a like yo. But he didn't get away With it.


I Did. He did. He didn't go to jail. He did. He did. Whatcha talk about I'm free. I robbed a bank. I got put in the county for a month. There isn't a point in and I'm free there. There isn't a point in time in which you look at something ain't Saying you stop. Stop. I'm gonna argue. I'm not letting these niggas do that. No it ain't the same Free tell Me why. Why? Because offset as offset and offset as offset. And Cardi is different offsets That don't have nothing to do with what we talking about. We talk yesterday. Yeah. You gonna move the gold post? No. No I'm not. Am I sleeping next? Am I sleeping next to my wife still? No When. I got caught. When you got caught. The first When I got caught. I the grand shit. No, they weren not. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. When I got caught again. If you get caught cheating and you get put on punishment for a month, let's say two.


Let's say three and then I make a grand gesture. I respond to my point. I'm about to. Alright. I I do the Justine. Justine and I get back in the house. I'm back. Yes you are. Yes. Get caught cheating again. I get put on punishment Again. You I'm back. You're back. Yes. I get caught again. I go so, so that's why you and Ice are saying there's no jail. He's not gonna jail. It is jail but it, listen To me. It ain't ain't what? What and what I'm saying and what I'm saying is when that breakup happens, you go and feel like Offset. Yeah. Then you go bring your ass back. Cool. So you are very aware of the difference between Offset as Offset and offset as card's.


Husband Of course. But It is not the same offset. But you also know this is temporary. That's the jail, that's, you know this is Temporary. That's what I'm saying. Jail. It's temporary. It's temporary. This is going through the motions socially bro. A that's toxic. What you saying? It is Not disagreeing. Disagreeing. We not disagreeing. Ain't nobody saying it was the right thing to do. Yeah. We talking about how these things happen. What Happened When, you don't come back. He's gonna find out He ain't got He ain. He ain yet. He ain. They not be a different Conversation's D conversation. Look, that's where His arrogance kicks in. Y'all Hold on, hold on. That's where the arrogance kicks in because one of the things he said was, I hope they love you or I hope you something like that. We mentioning another nigga now Dues will, If he got three babies with her, we did all of this, we got our names or shit.


Yeah that nigga might fuck you but he's not going to wipe you and you not you gonna come back home. That's the mentality. That is not true bro. We not talking about what's true about, we can't speak to what's true. We don't. We what's true First, y'all niggas are speaking to a level of niggas that don't, that aren't in their position. These are not regular people. These are multimillionaire successful people with correct status. Correct. If Cardi B get in the field right now and fuck with whoever's the hottest new nigga in the industry or athlete, he He gonna hurt himself. He would crash Out. He gonna hurt himself. Yeah. He Would crash out, hurt himself and that's her whole point. Point. I'm not, god forbid disagree and that's the whole point.


You over here got me looking bad with bitches like this. When you would lose it. When. I would fuck with niggas who you are on a level with or are exceeding what you're feeling. Absolutely. Hold on. I want, I want jump in and add. He He's right, he's right, he's right. Ain't no argument to that. That's not, that's not what We talk. He's conversation Know what my know what my beef is. I'm glad y'all acknowledge he's right. I also think he's right. He's right. Niggas ain't shit like, like Cardi, like Cardi said on her live. Yo you lucky that I'm a thorough. Yeah bitch. No she held that down for sure. Everything you've ever done. I've only held it down. I have mad of your ops have tried to reach out to me Price some of y'all the homeboy that Same game you playing.


'cause clearly he's hurt. And sending those texts behind the behind the scenes looks pathetic. I'm about to fuck your offs. I'm about to spill you. She could play it better if she want it. She go, oh women are gonna play it better. And that's why, that's why just Jayan just contradicted himself. But wait, wait, wait, wait. Niggas don't want you to fuck up at all. That's why I didn't contradict myself. You said You, you said niggas like yo I don want you to fucking You said women. He said, he Said nigga, No, no, No. You should cheat on but Anybody, me personally, right In my relationships, I've always said to whoever I was, wait, if you cheat on me, the nigga has to be on my level or doing better. I would feel way more like shit you fuck with the bum nigga at the gas station because It is like, you have no respect Clippers Never again.


You have no respect for yourself. Fuck me. You go fuck your whole boy To work at Dunking Donuts if you want until you walking back to his house. Whatcha doing? Watch this. I know. Watch this. But I've had the experience where I the next nigga was up, up, up, up, up. My ex lost. Exactly. See nigga be suicidal is mine. Yes. Sick, calm nigga Stalk me. The whole nine Niggas don't want you to fuck up. They do not. We gotta have to fuck down. If we Gotta have one or the other, I take the fuck down don. Don't care y'all. We fronting bro. Y'all can listen. Y'all can have Oh y niggas don't got no self-confidence then you fucking a nigga that's up. I respect that. I saluted you. Fuck a nigga that can't fuck with me.


You got no self-respect for you. And that's poor pussy management. I want, I want, I want play. I want play Cardi yo her live from, lemme tell you when after she got off the live, your It is such a fucking lame And I'm gonna let it play. It's five minutes. I'm letting it rock you So Lame. It is not even funny. So because It sound like she done to me so She could be done texting and everything and he's trying to FaceTime me. He's trying to FaceTime me because he's trying to Show. Yeah, but that's my problem. And y'all side of the argument is it never accounts for when she's done for real because he Ain't seen her done for real yet. Yo. That's all. But do you think that he should still maybe account for it? It's hard to account for like I cheated a lot in the past at some point. Like after a few.


Oh my baby, my baby, my baby. I do gotta say to myself, what if Yeah, even if it never happens. I gotta say it. But lemme but lemme play. He Might be saying what if in his brain let Play but He's tweeting something else. When the Libra Get done, she sound done, done. And you gonna lose this. Yo this the phrase hell ha no, it comes from somewhere. You gonna lose you. right. You. all right. I go Me like trying to hurt my feelings. He's trying to show me the girls that he been I guess fucking or talking to and it's like, nigga don don't care. I don't care nigga. Now whether you believe her or not, It is something different. But at the end of the day you ain't never heard her like this be that good. Not like fucking Up. You was blowing up my phone all weekend, all weekend.


You was blowing up my phone. I blocked you, I blocked you even though I know you was gonna go to Atlanta. And I was like, I bet I I didn't wanna know what you was doing out there. I told you I blah, I'm pausing. I'm telling y'all as a nigga that has been in this situation a million times, the behavior she's describing from homeboy, it don't match what y'all saying. The behavior she's describing from him. What are we Saying that it don't match. Saying it's two sides of you. Yo I like to fuck and that's how I'm on it and that's how I'm moving and I know where home is. Y'all still don don't wanna lose home. We forgetting the point that we saying I know where home is. These bitches that I'm fucking are listen to home But listen to home. No Private numbers.


Listen to home calling. I'm calling my girl. It is like You trying to show me, trying to get me mad. Like oh, oh, oh let me show you the bitches on fucking, let me show you. The bitches on my dm. Yep. I don't want home talking. I wouldn't do none of that. We've never had home sounding like this. That pussy must not be hitting. They you still calling my shit. Trying to get, trying to get your lick back, trying to do your big lick bag. I don't care. You are fucking lame. And them bitches is lamees too. You wanna know why? Because and I'm tell you gotta fuck them bitches in order to get your ego to feel high. you know, I'm too much. I'm too, I'm too, I'm too much woman for you. you know what I'm saying? I'm too much of a boss bitch for you. I'm pausing the the the one thing, remember they said he, he, he found some, he might never known that she did something.


That's the, that's the difference. All this time he been cheating. She, she, I don't know nothing about her. He never thought that you did nothing. Yeah. Now that you did something. That's a good point. Ice. Oh, I'm fucked up now. Now We up a different crash out now we seeing the different crash out now I'm gonna show you the caliber. That's yeah. Now I gotta show you shit. Now I gotta now, now I gotta go back and y'all really agree with us. He's right. This nigga's nuts. No, no, we Not him specifically, but the nigga on the other side that's moving like this and oh my God, I'm gonna do whatever I want and I like pussy. It's pathetic. You're never gonna leave. But the second you do it, oh I'm crushed. Oh my God. Like Yeah, It, is that not damn near Every man out here In the game? No, no. Those are boys because at some point the man says, don don't want to lose my fucking wife.


See the problem at some point the man says, I don't wanna lose my wife, but if I keep realizing she's coming back, I'm never gonna lose her. And that's what some Starts That is, That is such a fucking, that's false child mentality Telling y'all Immature. I hate that y'all nigga That is arrested development niggas in here. Every man in here has cheated been caught and a continued to cheat on that same person again. Stop fucking lying. Like y'all got caught and it was like, oh my god. And came to lemme up grown man. Epiphany bullshit. That is bullshit. Stop lying for a fact. That is bullshit And I'm I'm not talking about, you know these niggas, I know I've been around y'all. Y'all niggas have cheated. When I gotten caught and cheated on that same chick again. Even with lower tear bitches. He's right. Stop lying. He's right. No he is not right.


He's projecting he's not right. And speak for your fucking self. No. As a nigga that likes as a nigga, I'm here, I can speak for you as a nigga that has done everything in under the sun. Keep going. It gets to a point where you have to do it differently even if you like That. So never in your past you cheated on your girl and then continued to cheat on her never with lower level bitch. You've never done that. Yes. You're not negating my There We go. So we, so I'm not projecting, I'm speaking to us My No. 'cause that's not responding to what we saying, which is at some point the man has to behave like a man and modify his behavior. He Ain at that point. Yet when did we decide to modify? Maybe he's not at that point yet. Act like men.


Alright. And pay the price. He got a different Right. And pay the price. I'm not disagreeing with you. Yeah. Like I said before, you gotta live and Die with the consequences of your own actions. I hear you dog. If you willing to risk, let me get it off them for a minute. Because you shouldn't. If you willing to risk yo, you niggas that playing babies, like it's just talking about it feel good being in the house with your kid. Yeah. Yes. You want to come over to the dark side of co-parenting voluntarily. Yeah. It feel good. Your the school eating the dinner, the talks, the knocking on the door, your kids running in the room, all that fly shit feels great. It does for the people that plant that way. True. Yeah.


So, I hear what y'all saying. And You all right to you niggas out there that's willing to risk that, that you plant, that's willing to risk the person that you love and is holding you down. And she done been there. She been, she been there. She has been there. She's proved it from the outside looking in time and time again. If you willing to risk all of that for just to pussy in the street, then by all means salute. I agree. Then you're a fool. By all means. We are in agreement. We agree. We are all in Agreement with And can I, can I I'm saying all of that set aside, I like all that shit. Cardi saying, I think she should say it. I think she should get her lick back because at the end of the day she's been holding shit down. Agree. Absolutely.


So I'm not all This shit. I'm saying whether how intense we just talking about general. I'm just saying reality This shit. Yes. But at this point she done held shit down. She is a prize at the end of the day. Cardi is a fucking prize for sure. So And so is Offset. And Also No, no. But in this situation, her being a person that's continuously had to deal with this, she should very much so feel comfortable in saying now I'm wanting my lick back. Now don don't give a fuck about fuck any of This shit how you feel. Fuck you or fuck you. Yeah, true. I'm gonna play the clip. I'm gonna get into our ad and our ad is kind of the point that I've been trying to drive home to. Amani Ice and Ish, PrizePicks PrizePicks.


That was good. That one good. That was a wrapper brain and how you treat them. Mm. In this instance, PrizePicks has been so great to me and I value it so that I'm not gonna do anything to even make them think about leaving me. Now. Maybe in in my thirties I blew that You. all right. In my twenties, I blew that at some point is all I'm saying. And that point is different for men.


Everybody. Yeah. Mine may became late, mine may became a little late. But once you get your prized pick, you even gotta cheat. Different Agree. I'm not, don't think I'm on some moral high horse saying no. I'm saying don't cheat, don't cheat, don't cheat, don't cheat. No, I'm saying I agree with You. I'm not disagreeing with you. But everybody reaches that point a difference. Do you Got you. Everybody reach out like it. If they listen, they listen to all This shit too.


Alright, sound for my favorite part of the show. PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. And they seem to only be getting hotter. I'm watching, I'm keeping, I'm keeping 'em, I'm keeping my eye open. Really super easy and simple to play. All you have to do is select two or more players look at their projected stat line, pick more or less for your chance to win big. We also do season long games. So for me, I'm going with Pat Mahomes for more than 4,300 pass yards. Aaron Rogers for more than 3,700 pass yards on the season. Tyreek Hill for more than 1300 receiving yards and Saquon Barkley for more than 1050 rush yards. Those are my seasoned picks. If you sign up today, you get $50 instantly. When, you play only $5. Go ahead and steal from your mom's person. Get $5. If you don't Got it, go ahead and rummage through the couches and get $5 if you don't have it. Even I found cigarette money in my days of despair digging through them couches and mama jackets. Mama always left a spare 20 in that jacket somewhere that she forgot about. You don't even need to win to receive that $50 bonus. It is Gary Ont one k Williams passing yard gets you one win on PrizePicks every week in September and September. Got outta here like it had somewhere to be. That's right. Only one yard gets you an automatic win every football weekend in September. That is a couple more days. One more day maybe of a free W only on PrizePicks. Do not miss out on that offer because when September ends It is gone, don't forget to use your promo code JBP and run your game


back to you niggas. Actually no. Let me play Cardi. Lemme play the rest of Cardi and then we will continue to argue. If you are out there listening and you were tired of hearing us argue, go ahead and hit that little 15 second skip button that I love so much. 'cause we are going to argue, we'll try to be concise in them, but we getting too a cheating brings it out. And some niggas So I do We talk about some cheating all here we go. So, I've been too good for you. I've been too good for anything. That is associated to you so you gotta fuck other bitches to make yourself feel Better. Yo dog, I'm telling y'all that when a woman comes to this realization, it's probably old. Yeah, I disagree.


Like when? When she find her worth, I Disagree. When a woman starts out like When she Yeah, like when she realizes her value. When she realize her value, she don't speak at all. Like when she know who the fuck she be when she switched That hairstyle. Huh? When she switched that hairstyle, it's over. That is Woman. No it's that lip gloss. No hairstyle. We start walking outside. Gloss hairstyle in the perfume. Oh Shit. Y'all niggas is living in prehistoric times. You don't want to, Hey see we doing it from, we doing it like from a hood level. We made our moves. We ain't built for that to do it to a chick. That's about to be at Fashion week as we going through it. don, no. How hell, hell no. Hell no. you right. She in Paris getting done up looking great too.


She at the Terry Mugler. She at the Uck. She had, she's in the front row looking good right After sitting next to skeptic Central C Yeah, we play that shit when shorty gone go. you know what I mean? It'd be, I wouldn't play with Cardi like that. I wouldn't do that. I, me, me, I don't play on my girl like that. She ain't about to be a fashion one. I'm not doing it. At some point you gotta submit that the game is greater than yourself and if you want to play nigga, it can go differently. See we operate from a, and I'll admit my toxic shit, my toxic shit is as the breadwinner, I expect to be able to do some shit.


When. you not the that When you not when see y'all keep talking about like, I, I assume y'all speaking from that position. I ain't never tried to play this game. Nobody. Not from that position. Nobody Said nothing about money. Yeah, I wasn't. Y'all keep going To money. Everything I gotta to say is about money. I know. And that's the problem. Everything I Gotta say is about about money. That's why. That's what some of our disagreements are lying. Let's take the money out. But that's why it's silly. No, not yet though. Not yet though. But that's why I think that silly because what you wouldn't do with nothing at stake and what you wouldn't do with everything at stake should be different. Is he broke? Absolutely. Is he, is he broke? He's not broke. No, but The stake don't necessarily have to be financial stakes, But financial stakes it's One.


It's just one part of it. Yeah. It's, it's not just not, it's not being, it's not just being rich, it's not just being wealthy. It's the status and what and and what the public perceives your status to be and everybody, he's very, he's very, he's correct when he says there's offset and then there's offset with Cardi. Yeah. It is a very different perception. You and Joe are looking at that. That's no guarantee that he's looking at it Like that. He Should. We're saying he should. That he should. That's Cool. That might be your opinion. What I'm telling you, it's the same thing that we talked about with Drake and Jack Dorsey. You saying Drake should hold Jack Dorsey's woman untouchable. And I'm telling you Drake might be looking at her like she's one of the field. No, it's about nigga said that's not what they said. Yo. But can I, somebody's Perception is not everybody's perception bro.


What You, can I tie this all together for you? So take the money out of it. Okay? Take all of that out of it. Right now there's just a level of respect in where you carry it. True. Your sexual discipline and how you operate. Right? You fucking this deuce, this bitch in the lower Onyx, whatever it may be, right? Who you know is hype. It's got a north face on Who is hyped to know that you probably the richest nigga she fucked in the last 40 days, right? You probably the richest nigga she fucked in the last 40 days. You think you that bitch, you want to get on one of these shows, whatever they are your DMing Cardi with proof of the cash app or Zelle wire that you just got paid to fuck this man That is playing in her face versus hold on.


You fuck somebody who might want a Chanel bag on take the 10,000 and say nothing. Anonymity An and anonymity and An It is a big difference. you know why? Because now let's reverse it. He's fucking a deuce. Now if she fucks a nigga from the hood, right? A nigga from the hood and she hit him off with 500 a rack or something, his friend's going to know. But he's going to keep, he's not getting that to you because he don't want to fuck that up. And you And you're not even gonna know about the dude from the hood. She fuck exactly. You gonna know about Ryan Seacrest. Ryan Coogler Ryan. What's the other Ryan? Ryan Reynolds. What's that other Ryan that looked like Ryan Reynolds. Ryan Gosling.


Ryan Goslin. Yeah. You gonna know about them? You ain't gonna know about homeboy from the OC bar shop. You worried about what the blue check said? You're not worried about what the nigga with no facial profile said to her that made her giggle. And I mean Come on now. Let's call it we talking. All We've seen for the past five, 10 years is how wilding out with your dick is gonna end you up in some bullshit. Yes. Point that sexual discipline. Yeah. And when does it stop? When does what? Stop When you stop. When does that motivator somebody to stop and and When You control it. Wake up, right? When you control it. So No, no, you're right. Absolutely right. He's at a point where he can't control it. Don don't Wanna stop forgetting. Hold On. you know what we're forgetting before niggas become rappers, a lot of these entertainers be losers and don't be fucking that much.


So that can play a part. We seen from, we seen her rise essentially the whole party. We seen her in relationships, we seen her doing her thing. We don't really know. All sudden it's not knocking him. It's not true. Prior to no we, before they was together, we ain't just see offset dating this girl, this girl. We see it with them in relationships and it's as him getting caught cheating for, I can tell you for a fact before a lot of niggas don't be that before they are them niggas and that can play a part in the why he's having his way. But once you became who you are and your wife and ladies who she is, you gotta know I can't move that way. I gotta do it better. It's a way to clean it up. And I'm adding to that. you know, my problem with this nigga is I don't want screaming to the mic.


You not even capitalizing on the women. That is going to fuck you because of because of your wife. Mm. How do you know that? How do you know that? Because the women that are in question wouldn't exist. That's why I know that that's not true. It's true. That's Not true. How you gonna tell another man how he should move with his body and his mind? Man? Man too. You Speak yourself and your own. Brandon, don't insult nobody and say we lets some Mend in you. There's a bunch of men Was about to say, but y'all, Theres a bunch of men. There's a bunch of men that fuck tens and then on they Sunday they might fuck with you. Well I think y'all are speaking from another perspective. I'm not looking at y'all like less of men. I feel like y'all are arguing the point of the nigga that wants to keep fucking, I'm not attaching don personally.


I, my point is just gonna continue to be one at some point that has to stop or two at some point that has to be done differently for me. Hopefully. Lemme speak for me. Hopefully I'll speak from my own experience at 38. Ish, You shouldn't be so fucking reckless. No, no, no. We're not gonna do that because men are men. But at 37, 38 Ish, I wanted to stop having a certain style of argument with my girl as it pertained to other girls. That was my only objective. It wasn't, hey, I'm gonna be mature enough and disciplined enough to not deal with other girls. I wanna meet a girl that the way that we have this conversation changes.


Insert the girl that likes girls. So you think that's a whole nother fight. We'll talk about that another podcast. But When, you get the girl that like girls, there should be a new way to do it a thousand times. So today you are When. I. Want to introduce When? I want to When? I want to get into my sexual deviant bag? I find a girl back her behind, my girl's back quarter dated, lemme stop. I'm talking around. No, I hear. But you go to your girl and you say, yo, I want to do this with us, with this group, you and this person. What you think of her, you gotta start just elevating how you do things. That's not always sure shot. That's all I'm saying. No, I agree. You he. Yeah. But if you agree with that, then the opposite is true.


And you have to stop doing, you can't fuck a girl. That is looking to, and I'm saying this as in a room full of niggas that have have moved, you can't fuck a girl. That is just thirsty to let your girl know that you fucked her. That is true bro. I'm not. Alright y'all, I'm only telling you this because he's done this. I'm not with 95 girls have ratted on. Yes. Oh y'all, y'all are more well versed Getting caught up. But Joe, you right how he gets caught. But Joe, you're right. He Get caught in the worst. So it's possible. So why isnt That is caught. He always keeps the girls. So what are we saying? If in if in don, it's like the boy Who cried wolf type shit, like don't believe your threats In repetition. He end up up fucking this argument look a lot different than their previous argument.


His argument was behind the scenes he didn't bring out, I'm saying their public argument look way different. This argument. There was no public argument The past, there was no public argument. Yes there were. There were always public arguments. Her, I'm not fucking with this nigga no more. And we seen him gesture one, did he do hold, hold? Did he argue back? He did. Hold on, lemme finish. Let me finish. This one was the first one where we ain't see him tweet. I miss my granny and he jumped in her live. I go live, we all go live except this. And you see when somebody calling how it freezes. This was the first one where we seen him calling writing in it. That's the yo. All right. She might be dead serious. We open in relationships where your girl is dead ass done.


And you like, all right, hold on, let me stop playing. Yeah, my, my ego is out the window. That is what we seen the other day. Dead ass Don't Wanna be the messaging person. What Do y'all say to that? He's wrong. When. I say to That. It's he wrong. He's wrong. The times that I've seen girls be dead ass done, They don't do that. You jumped out the window. Two boys 30 later bro. Fucking yo listening now I said when a girl is done, she was done was in the bushes, yo she shuts up. What it have to do with him Get lie done that that's not his. His girl gets into that and she ain't never been He, ain't never been, he never got into that.


Her just argue, bro, I'm not yo dog. We never seen Cardi BB done. Do we ever see offset argue with her on her lives? Never Seen Cardi say Be done. Gotta listen to that. What You say to that? Fuck You talking? No, you're right. Now let's say this. Have we ever seen offset argue to her? It was, I was hacked. I missed my granny. This the first one where he see he didn't get to that. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Alright. This the first one where we seen him, like you said, we never seen her be done, but we've never seen him publicly respond directly to her. This shows as a man, we've all been in relationships where we got your girl was serious where it's like, let me take a step back. She might be serious.


He let his pride down. Jayan, You know why that's not true Yogo, that's Not the first time that we've seen him do anything in response. We saw him get on stage, give her the flowers while she's on concert, on tour, beg and beg baby come back. And she came back. The difference this time We never seen, we don't even know what he said to her on the phone call. Now the only thing we seen him say was you got fucked by a nigga while you was pregnant. That's the difference. And the only other thing you see, I'm saying after that was in a couple of months you'll Be back. That's the difference Though. None of that sound like a nigga begging. That Sound like a nigga, you Know, sound like a nigga who for the first time realized she fuck. So he got punched in the gut. That's what that sound like. Got punched in the gut. That's it. That's it. Oh. Shit. Now we gonna see it. So yeah, he might think she's done for real this time because all them other times she never, or he never know.


He don't know that she ever fucked somebody else on him. Plane landed. Now I know Oh Shit, she serious. Possibility. Possibility. Okay, let's have some fun. Yeah, please. Oh no, I'm not changing topics. No, no, no. It is all fun. This is all fun. Do you guys, how do y'all feel about the allegation that she let somebody hit while pregnant? Let's Go in order. We've been arguing for, for an hour and change. Don't get quiet man. No, I, I was, and I do want to hear from Mel on some of this stuff. I do. Honestly, I don't believe it.


A lot of people don't believe it. don don't I don. I don't, I don't believe it. don don't believe it. Do I believe that there's a possibility that there might have been some text exchanges that might be a little too colorful and he, you know, just kind of like made a a a, a huge assumption based on the Texas, it's quite possible. Yes. But do I believe that she actually had sex with another man while she was pregnant? No, I don't believe that. For a single solid test. And also, and also I do, I do believe that there is the potential that she allowed him to see those fucking Texas, to let him think something to as payback for all the fuck, for all the bullshit. Alright, If she did do that, What, which part fucking or the, or the fucking Be while she was pregnant?


If she did do that, that nigga course, would she be wrong? I'm gonna say no. What? No, no. Oh, Shut up Cory. The amount, like how much, how much public humiliation has she gone through during the entire course of their not only relationship, their marriage, how much bad? I I know you guys don't like This shit. I know you guys think that You can get away. I know you guys think that You can get away with their, your behavior of cheating and cheating And then, and then also it's like, oh baby, please let me come back, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And a woman is just supposed to allow that to happen. But the second that she steps out and she's just like, well you've cheated on me with 50 bitches and I had like, you know, a moment where I just, I slipped now it's hell to fucking pay.


Oh my God. You whore you bitch. You this, you that. It's a, you guys cannot handle what the fuck you dish out. So if she in fact did do it, oh fucking well we Got it. Oh fucking well we you didn't fucking Got it. It's, it's all because of the groundwork you laid motherfucker. Does anyone else want to answer? Do not. I'm, I'm with her. The other, I I agree with her. The other part is I ain't gonna say nothing. Nobody. Look, look, the other part is he put that out there. Nobody had to, it wasn't, it wasn't to humiliate him like publicly. He made that known. Yeah, yeah. He humiliated himself publicly. She coulda did that. Held it down. Yeah, you found out whatever, whatever that's between Me and you.


But you know what happened. You and I know what's going on. That's a different type of level disrespect. But he went and made it public. So now the public is ridiculing you over something that you let them know. I don't think I'm not on the side of women fucking dudes while pregnant. I'm on that side by other dudes. I'm not on that side at all. Are you on the side of revenge? Fucking though I'm also not on the side of, I'm on the side of if you bark up that tree, that tree might fall on you. So you're done a lot. Like I don't think that fucking somebody while pregnant, not to say she did that, but I don't think that that's right. But with all that you've done, I don't think we in the land of right or wrong anymore.


Sometime it's about to give back. I saw somebody tweet. I don't think that Cardi is a cheater. I think that Cardi is a cheat backer. And I agree with that. I think that Cardi tried her best to be loyal and hold it down from what we've seen. Fam Cardi went before when she popped up with dude after one of the other breakups and everybody was like, yo, but you said this. She was like, yeah, that's my Husband. I wanted the fuck. And I'm gonna call my husband don don't want a nobody. So it does show that she is the Loyal type that, and that's why I'm still going back Over there. But, and that's why I don't believe that she actually did anything. That's why I believe it. I I I just don't, I think even being Done, I just Don don't believe it. My thing with y'all is to the people, to the people that say, Hey y'all accountant for the wealth and Cardi is this type of chick from the Bronx.


Man, she yada the type of chick that he like and yada yada yada. Well, I think that When you get the LeBron James of the chick that you like I think that No, no, you right. I think he was starting to move you right. you right. Like I think that whoever It is that he like I think that Cardi is Kobe Yeah. Of that shit. I think he's expressed that. I feel like she knows that. But that's A fact. That's a, that's a fact for Sure. If I get the LeBron j not me 'cause I'm cool. But if you get the LeBron James of your type pause. Yeah, You good. You Should protect your city. Then why are you, why you going fuck the Scott SCS comparison player, nigga say, I'm serious. You going, you going fuck the kendell gill stylish player and risk LeBron going to the, the les.


You know, why you, you, you Gonna be sitting there like Dan Gilbert in the face. Joe You can say that though 'cause you've lost enough and you felt that pain enough to know what it's like to feel at. If this guy has been doing what he's been doing for so long and never had to go through that, this might be the moment where he says, yo, you know what? When, I fucked up the, I fucked up The bad. But that's where I disagree. I have not gone through that. Like I started this po with the chicks I lost. I'm not saying you personally, I'm saying if a personally It is the Chicks I I fucking lost. That's not true. That's Not true. Joe. You've lost some Good, you are you not, you've Lost some good That's hindsight talking. Yeah, you've Lost some Good. That's All we have to, I I'm I'm speaking about 2024. No, but you said he's wrong in that and you it's going through it Had no, didn't think that I was married with, with, with three kids that I really wanted to to spend the rest of my life.


No, I'm not saying, I'm not saying that If I have that at that age, I'm not sure. I didn't have that. You had a girl that you thought you would spend the rest of your life with. All of my thoughts were wrong at that age-ish. And so now let's cool. Give him 10 years and he could look back on what he's doing today and say, yo, I was dead smack wrong. You have the ability and the, for the, the, the fortune of hindsight. And he has the fortune of being in the household with his wife and kids. True. Yes. So at some point I think it should, and I'm at some listen at some point the fail safe is, it don't have to be about us.


It's about I am in the house and my family is watching me. And also there is hindsight to use as an example, the hindsight of he Got it. The fact that I almost lost her and how much work he had to do in order to get her back. That's s like why isn't sing Brandy? Go ahead sing it now because you you said that to him last pod. Thank you. Sing it Brandy. What's sitting up? you know what song Almost doesn't count. Almost don't count. So if because she just said relates, He almost lost his girl. He almost lost a Girl. He ain't almost lose nothing. He still had her fuck are we talking about? He still continues to have her Yo When you lose Yes Until you lose. You don't know what losing feels like. He ain't lost yet. He ain't lost yet. I don't know that he loses a Now don don't want.


Right. That's the point though. That's the point though. That's why you would lose that way, you know, point yo When, you jump on the other side 'cause the grass is green. you know when the grass ain't green. Once it rains and when, until you, until it rains on that fucking new grass, you don't know that that other grass on the other side was popping. You know what's funny y'all say that but you also acknowledge that she could end him at any time. 1%. She could. She Could could. That don't mean she's gonna Yo Joe, I'm not. See this is the thing. That's the part don have absolutely can bro, we don't have to stand on one side. You could agree to certain parts of left You can agree to certain parts of Right. I'm talking from an idealistic standpoint that yes, when if she decides to go out and meet some 28-year-old nigga that's nice and bald.


That's hooping and that's him. Man, that nigga is going to be curled up somewhere like a baby with a big dick. I'm not saying that dog, she could go get Oppy, she could go get oppy if she felt like it Joe, we could ain't gonna get a nigga that's on right on his level. Hold on ice. We could personalize it from Atlanta. Let's Personalize it. Do what? Let's per let's per let's personalize it for a second then What happens Then? You crying for the next 20 Years you are sick. Yes and no because that no, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, no. Let me, lemme explain. Lemme explain. The nigga has to wife you if she goes and finds a nigga that treats her like the queen that she is No. And wife's her. No, that's true. I. Don, your wife Don't I. don. I don't think for him To be sick. Yo can y'all, your Op in in your crib will have you sick ice Op already.


Go fix made a whole song about this. Don don't know about When. you beat the nigga up in the back of the store. What are we Talking about here? Look, I don know. Look, dead ass don don't know don Don't. She Was only fucking him while he was away. Yo, she don't even gotta get a new nigga for you to feel. But this is weird for me. I've been through it, I've been through it with all that. I've been, no, fuck it. I've been a nigga. I had a beautiful woman, did everything for me. Great person. I fucked it up, lost it. And before she even moved on and me moved, I still was sick like a baby. That's Why I don't understand. I said curled up like a baby with a big duck. you Right. I didn't even having to go on Instagram and even imagine that she gonna move on, I didn't wanna do it. That's why I don't understand how y'all Sound like that because He, we totally different that point.


The difference is this Joe, I lost the person. Clearly We know it can happen. He might not not know This Is every time they broke up she ain't popped up with nobody else. She ain't moved on. She just said I'm done. I'm single. She foul for divorce and then called it off. Watch this. This is All speculative To him. It's like okay, we've been through this You, Can I say this? Easy job in the world homeboy. All you gotta do is watch now. Watch. Now this Is, look yo look God, and then I'm done with this. Y'all hear a song cry. Shut up man. This is all speculative. We don't know I deserve what has happened that they did not let out to the public. True. She could have did that. And so we don't know. True. This is all speculation from what we are seeing. True. She said, yo, you wanna play?


I quote, this is not me freestyling. Do you want to go lick for lick hit for hit? I'm pin dog. Ain't none of our bitches talk to us like that. Ever. Never. you right. Never you right. Never you right. But again, He ain lie to you that don don't wanna go hit. For most I couldn't go hit for hit in that capacity. What if she could though? But I have, I I've why for hit? I have heard Win for I know I heard her pride to acknowledge that. But that's talk different. Yeah. It is, that's talk different. I ain't on the side of Cardi then is Cardi now?


No it ain't. Oh hell no it ain't. Hell no. He alright. And listen. Cardi from the Bronx, my nigga Cardi from the Bronx, Cardi from Lust. Cardi is from Atlanta. Atlanta. I get it in Atlanta. Peace. Peace. Y'all. Y'all doing it. you know what I mean? Car's in the Bronx. Yo Cardi is from the Bronx. I think she was off the porch before Offset. Like in real life. Oh, that's possible In real life. Not in terms of fame and career. Not as possible. Very, Very possible. The assumption career wise, possibly two, maybe a little bit. No, no, no, no, no, no. Versace is 2000 and what 12. That's, that's Party Sue ever is 20 12, 20 Porch.


Totally different. Different. That's a different Off the porch. They was going nationwide towards they was out. They was out. He was him. Yeah. And part of that, part of them being out and doing that. He Was back up first wave. It is part of why she is who she is. So it's like, that's my other thing with niggas. If you're going to lease your sauce, like if you're gonna license your sauce and do all You can to help build somebody up to be the greatest version of them, then why not stick around for the reward of it? Like why even play the game of damn this person could bounce after I built it. Yep. Because and wait, I don't think, and hold on, you believed it. Hold and hold on. And not only that, what's, why don't y'all do that part?


What's interesting to me is the caliber of guys that you think that she would fuck with after this whole thing. Just to, you know, make him feel a way. You guys have like labeled it as being ball players or whatever. Niggas with big dicks and huge contracts and stuff like that. I think that she has a whole lot more cache and the perception of her like worth to get something way bigger than that. I think that everybody still thinks about her like this, this chick from the Bronx and she's hood and da dah dah. And I'm like, you guys are not accounting for her social It is very possible for her social standing. You have you, you are not accounting for the cache that she and social currency that she has. We are Developed, we are, we are the differences that we're going based off of what we've seen thus far.


Not just that and Not assuming what could happen to you. What I think he would get curled up in his stomach for Yeah. If she went out and got some hedge fund nigga. I don't think that curls him up. Shit. Nice. How about, how about, how about, how about does, how about some Arab billionaire, Yo, how does That make them Feel? I think that she went out and got somebody. That is potentially in his social circle. They all curls in, he curls it Parks, it all curls in. It's different curls. Everything is curl. Look, it's cheese curls and then it's powder puffs. It is, it's different Curls. No Malinda. She gonna fuck up. She gonna pop up. He sick. I that's, I promise you nigga Pop up with Tommy Rich or whatever. No, I'm talking about anybody specifically saying, No, you're playing a dangerous game.


You're playing a dangerous game. That's playing a dangerous game. It Is, It is, would y'all fuck a pregnant chick that's pregnant with somebody else? Baby half, Half Have to hate. you Know that you have have, Would I do it today? What Would you do today? No. Fuck no. I've never done that. I have to hate you. I don Not doing no, you have to hate who Or if you know him. I have to hate that nigga. I Didn't, I didn't even know the nigga. If I don, if I don know Him, I'm not doing that. I don't want the trouble that comes with that man. Finding that out. There's a little, just the baby part. Respect. Well, I had a, my, my my in the instance where it happened, I told this before, it was somebody I was very, very good friends with. She was fucking with a married dude. Found out she was pregnant and he was like, yo, I ain't having no kid with you in clip her. So it wasn't like him fond out like he poor baby baby.


Yeah. I had a similar situation and I had one where they just didn't know yet. She just needed No, no. She was Y'all out here hitting babies. She was in the head. She was what? That's my question. How many months pregnant is She? Oh nah, shorty was about eight months. That's a very important question. It Was, I don't want to be apart in helping the baby come down. Yeah. That I don't want to. That's why I got caught at, I Don't want to help that baby come down. Said the baby grabbed your dick. Little baby, grab your dick Now Don don't wanna do that shit where I feel I'm hitting a nigga head Or not. Yo, that's Nigga, We We ain't bite you. Shit. We not knowing that gonna, yo, we really don't know nothing about vaginas. That's thing we talking shit though. We don't know nothing about vagina.


we know and don don't want them to tell us. I want to live in my pride in machismo. I Think that That's a Soft spot. I think that's wrong though. I don't think you should do that. Yeah. I don. I don't. You should do It is just a do what? I don't think women and women do what you want with your bodies should fuck other men while they are pregnant with another man's baby. Whether y'all on good terms or not. And I don't think men, if you are a real man and you have respect, fuck what your relationship is with the guy. Any of that, look, you should do that. Like, it's just, it's certain boundaries. The lines at the cross and I cross Fuck the everybody's interpretation of Cole game. What is everybody's interpretation of cold game?


That's a wrong time to have cold game. No, it ain't. See, But That is the thing. The game is The game for the woman. The Game is the game be the, if you gonna play the game, then the game is the game. Do you know the, and you've been playing the game, getting your Shit off, but you're putting the baby, the baby at risk. Is is the only reason why I'm saying that in that's in that, in that situation, let's just be clear. If we fucking wait, how's the baby at? At risk the baby's at risk. The baby's At risk. You put the baby at risk. How the Baby's at risk, how the woman put the baby. A woman's putting the baby at risk. You put the baby at, I'm gonna answer you. Let's say that dude that you Fucking has A disease. Thank you. There you go. Oh, okay. All right. Yeah. That's the only reason why I look at that as nasty on the woman's part. 'cause no way in the world the man is putting on a condom in that situation. I don't wanna make this a health type of thing, but that situation for sure is why you should not do that.


You can play a game in the NBA with a broken leg. You are on the bench. Okay. I want, I need, what the fuck do That mean? Say more words. She's pregnant. You cannot, you should not be playing unless it's they playing the game. Wish color. Her leg is fine. She Got it right up there. She, she might not be game day ready, but she might could go to shoot around and they Got hit. Oh no, she game day ready. No. But even in that instance, but even in that instance, women who are pregnant and they have these for like the women, the couples that are expecting a child, there's certain positions in all of that for you to, to to, to have sex in. Yeah. The a nigga who don't care about you that ain't go to the lama class and doctor with You ain't thinking about that.


No, that's true. I nah, that's true position. That's not true because it, that's not true. What position y'all did? The scoop. The little side joint? Yeah, the spoon joint. I might not fuck you by Pregnant BD Find you, but as soon as that little motherfucker come out and hit that bassinet, I'm in there. Fuck the three weeks. Yeah. You gotta wait the six weeks, Six weeks, weeks. Nobody ever wasted six weeks. Yes. I nobody has ever waited six weeks in the history. Be careful. Six weeks in the history of nigga Fertile. Yeah. You never waited to Six weeks? No, I've never waited to six weeks. That's, that's not good. Oh yeah. Okay. I'm telling you about, I've never waited to six weeks and it was always her pressing issue. She never waited the six weeks.


Well they she never waited. They never wanna wait the six weeks. That's when they at their most Mo Well that's the same thing with a Pregnant woman. I'm sitting there looking good. Yeah, but that's what a pregnant Woman. A pregnant woman is very hormonal at that point. And the doctor would tell you it's very healthy to have sex. And if she don't have her man available to do it, then she lose. She was Trying to the chick that you got pregnant But, but if she ain't fucked with him, what if they, they don't have, what if they hate each other? What if he don't wanna be involved in her with At all? It was a one night joke. Yo listen, I look At y different. I'm not gonna lie. Oh That's fine. I look at y'all different. I've been Judged. Alright. We beat it to Apul. Yeah we did. We beat it to a pole. Her too. Oh Shit. Oh. Shit. Wow. I didn't do that though. I didn't fuck no pregnant shit.


I Think that's disgusting. He's sick. I think that's disgusting. Well listen, salute. I love them both. I hope to hear great music from them both. Yes, I've been in this a million times. It pains me that I have to know some of the details about this 'cause y'all on the internet just sharing away. Me too. I really wish that domestic matters were handled Privately, Domestically, domestic in the house. And not via too many people have included Insta stories in their domestic affairs. It is who could get the story out first, but that has always been Cardi.


And I do understand women feeling so embarrassed that they have to now begin to speak for themselves so that the other bitches know. And that's what she was doing. Yo, I know you fucking but them bitches must not be getting it done because you yada yada yada yada yada yada y Listen man, I Really fuck with Cardi though. I love Cardi. I love mother. Fuck with Cardi. I love Both. But Cardi just so out there unapologetic. She been that since day one. That shit was hilarious. So I said, don don't want you. She said, oh yeah, let post this screenshot. You clearly asked. Fucking Cardi. Now let me get to that part. Damn. I ain't even let her finish getting her shit on. Oh yeah, yeah. I ain't playing This shit no more. We beat it to a pope. But I do want to get to the text because Cardi leaked the text.


And I love this text. Yo, I'm being vulnerable here. If I can't be vulnerable with my friends, then who can I be vulnerable with? I Didn't see the text. Read It, read it, read it. Did You read his tweet first? 'cause it's response to that. The tweet. His tweet. Which tweet? Which One? The one that I read War Where everybody can see. I don't want you don don't. Yeah, I Got it right here. Okay. He says the fact you keep going shows you hurt. Leave it alone. Don't you got a nigga crying emoji. Ain't we divorced? That's hurt and hate. Oh yeah, He's hurt. And that speaks to the level of hurt and hate because that don't say she fucking, that says you got a nigga that's different.


That's love. Right after a That's you got a nigga after me pretty soon. Right after a baby. Soon. Pretty soon. Soon after the baby, after I was just in the room. You got a nigga is different from you fucking It is, we don't have to debate it. She says LMAO with mad O She over it coming from the same one that had to DM me all weekend crashing out 'cause he was blocked hurt 'cause I was going to Paris. He right. It will be the last time talking about this lame ass. He says everybody could see don don't want you. It's okay. I'm not talking about this no more. All love you will be calling me after a couple months. You my bm. I won. I hate that line but cool. That's fair. I wouldn't have said it but cool.


And then ether that shit that make your soul burn slow. Yeah. Read it. So you better learn about who you playing with. She dropped the text exchange between them two. He says, you don't want me sprinkle some silence Right there. You could look tough all you want nigga your text thread. Tell the truth. You don't want Me, you don't want me. you know When, you ask that. I don't care about what you're saying. Ish. I've been through this enough. come on. you know When, you asked that. you know When, you asked that. come on Pastor When, you seeing a pattern or some behavior that you're not used to? That's True.


That's When. you ask it. That's true. That's When. you hit the bottom of the vulnerable vault and say you don't want me. She says, not really. Period. That shit to make your soul burn slow. He says, okay, you want somebody else Maybe woo damn offset. If you are unclear that you don't have the leverage in this at this point, then it's cool. Let's keep going. She says offset and please he says what we all say when we see it's not going way there, go. Okay, I'll leave you alone.


We normally hope that it don't be no reply to that. So you could just sit with, I'm gonna leave you alone and sit with the good times and really think about putting this not ever having me no more. She says, thank you please and have a good, good Night. Have a good night. Don't tell me have a good night though. Do not tell me have a good night. Have a good night my nigga. I'm not going to sleep. That was the beginning of his bad night. He says, I just wanted to know. Oh, he still Fishing. He is Atlanta boy. She from the Bronx. my nigga still fishing. She from the Bronx. He then says at 8:09 AM he went all the way in his Joe button bag and says, can I jerk off with you on the phone?


Wow. My God. He's an unchartered water suit. Holy shit. I want to ask everybody here, he's in the, if they have ever said this in the midst of the argument, why you about to lose your girl? I have No I I said one worse, but What you say real quick? Yo, you, I can see you one last time before we end this. See I don't think that's worse than, that's Not worse than that. We all use than this. We all use that one that you Know the fuck this means. That's crazy. This means when my dick is in my hand and I'm at my most vulnerable, just the, your presence on the other line.


It is gonna help me get where I need to go. When, you let a woman get that type of power over you. Not the power of just busting a nut. That's not no power. Right. The power vulnerability. That desperate she could turn you On. You. This is your partner during the fight and you want her to just sit on the phone while you bust a nut. You want her to do that breathing, that talking. See you know everything about this girl with all of you. She ain't even got coach her. She know it all. She know. She she know you. She know your body. She know your mind. She know what you like. She know a breathing pattern that hits you know how to make you fucking come. You miss it. You been fucking all of these bitches and ain't ain't, ain't none of them get to hitting that shit that you like That tradition.


Oh That's and shit ain't hit him back. What did you right question mark. Oh. Shit. Yeah. Oh Shit. Yeah. Yeah. Up. That's crazy. Up. Beat it up. You ain't never been there. You got too much pride to jerk off And it's hard to do that standing up and fight with your girl s up phone. I'm telling you. I'm telling you that When, you hit the, can I jerk off with you on the phone segment. It's bad. You are at the bottom of the bottomless pit. Hail Mary, not Shado. Sanders in the pocket. It is bad And she dubbed it.


Yeah. And then you come back with the question Mark and you asked that known when she got, you asked that known about her nigga. You just referenced her nigga you got ANGELIKK guy nigga That's trying to see if you still in the game. Yo can I come with you just on the phone Yo. You ain't even gotta talk that throwing This shit at the wall. At that point you ain't even Say talk mama. You know you out the league. That nigga ain't asked for a video and I need to hear your voice. Yeah, no he at the point where he just jerking off by the, the mindset of her the vision. He need connection. He need connection freestyle. Think about And that's the point of jerking off. That's the point of this. See you a freak ass boy. Fantasy gets me this speaks to the connection. Yeah. Any connection. My only point is if you have that connection and you have the LeBron James of your type and she also happens to be ascending rapidly approaching big, big bit not rich, wealthy, wealthy.


Big wealthy status and y'all invested in that businesses together. I play with it. Spike. Well I play with it. Yeah. Well I lose that yo. Ain't that a song then? Lola Brooks talent niggas Don't play with it. Don't play with Play with it don't play. Why would you play with that nigga? Play with them. Play with sweetie. Respectfully. No, no, I'm just saying you're right. I'm just saying our conversation now can't apply to Quavo and and sweetie I'm not trying to be funny. Shout to sweetie shout to all parties but play with them. You don't play with your wife, the mom or your three kids that you want to beat off to just her breathing. Those are lessons. Those, Those are lessons you learn once You really lose. Yeah, once, yeah you gotta lose.


You gotta lose it. They gotta get to that point. Gotta Lose it. Some niggas gotta lose Shit. He might not real talk. He might not think he at that point yet still. Nah, he Did after hearing that Shit. He might not bro. He might still Can I jerk off with you on the phone? We don't know what he said. Don't think the last time she filed the divorce we don't know what he was on the phone Saying. Think so. If you don't think that he's there, what do you think that it would take? And then we're leaving this. I promise She would really have to Show up, show up outside with somebody else For her that might do it for him because she ain't been the type to do that before. She has to do shit she hasn't done. Because as long as you staying on track of what we've done before, I'm gonna think that the Result is gonna end up the same and you gonna Come home. No that no that might not be true because she's might, she might have done that before.


It just wasn't publicized. So we don't know that for sure. So again, So that's something you've never done. Something you've never done. The The the difference would have to be literally yo, she publicized it. He publicized it, she done publicized Cardi B is Cardi B. When they catch her coming outta Cardone with homeboy. That's what I'm Talking about. But lemme tell you something that's hurt. We're gonna see it now versus Yes, that's hurt us not seeing it before. Not meaning it didn't happen but we not now we gonna see she didn't have to move in away. She Hasn't before. But honestly I think To show I'm not doing none of This shit. It's, it's gonna be her and Hennessy at Brooklyn. Chop house rooftop after hours close the down It is gonna look like a vibe. A scene athlete. Niggas gonna come in. It is gonna get crazy For people. Yeah. don don't think that it's gonna, I don't think that it's gonna be, I think it's worse that she doesn't show up with anybody that she just is living her life like it's fucking golden.


And she and the insinuation or like the optics is that she has pick of the litter. I think that's worse than just I agree. No, no, no. Because selecting somebody right now, I'm not saying today it gives desperate No but even no even within even like the next couple of months. That's a little, that's a little premature and desperate. Yes. I'm not saying but just acting like I out. I'm out here chilling. Yeah. don don't think so because literally I have my pick of the the lit. Eric You might have a nigga like he said and, And the influx of invitations is a little overwhelming right now. So I. I'm chilling. I'm gonna count on what you said. It don't even give that there's a pick of the litter. It gives that now it plays a, it reverses and makes her look bad at if she had a nigga on the side while she was pregnant, her going out single and just doing her makes it look 10 times scarier.


Okay. We did it. Alright. We Got it. Yeah, it's over. Yeah. Okay. Okay. We Did it. We unpack That Thoughts. Love Prayers. Prayers And respect to peace party offset their entire family. The kids. Everybody. Just everybody. Alright. We gonna talk about Eric Adams. Eric Adams. Eric Adams tossing the Mel for the NPR intro. Here we go. Tossing it around the room for Mel. I I swear we need to get you some I don't don don't like these The butterflies. You don't Like my glasses? I don't like the frame. I don't like the frames.


Why not? Because man niggas wanna fuck you When. you got them glasses on and he hate em. Right? And he hate Em. He's seen the comments of how you've been bodying the look bodying the glasses Look and that's the thing in Kinky World, It is A Listen, lemme tell you something. My favorite dress up was the school teacher with the glasses. That's One of his two. Do You look over the it's not over the glasses. Stop doing Velma wear have glasses. I know I do Like then shut up. But that's why I don't like those glasses. 'cause Velma got the different frames. I have other glasses. You wanna treat Mel like Velma. Why don't you buy some glasses? Hey, why don't you buy some glasses? Mel. I think she was Velma though. I dressed up as Velma one time here. You did for Fred and it worked. Don't Laugh flat.


And you got the job. So what we do, that's Sorry. I'm sorry. Sorry. What? What he'll do if you dress up like Velma every day. Oh my God. You gonna be Fred? You can't dress like Belman. You gonna be Fred? Wait Yo. So Eric Adams, I'm not done with this Cardi topic but it was two hours. I'll get to it on Patreon. Sign up, subscribe, hit the follow the likes, whatever them niggas be doing. Eric Adams has been indicted and I expect him to be arrested soon. Hit it. Yes. Okay. So the indictment includes he was hit with five charges. Conspiracy to commit wire fraud, federal program bribery and to receive campaign contributions by foreign nationals. wire fraud solicitation of a contribution by a foreign national solicitation of a contribution by a foreign national and bribery.


And he has strongly denied any wrongdoing. But they, they were all up in Gracie Manchin. The, the search of Gracie Manchin on the upper at Five in the morning. Yes. Just out early. You can't sleep 5 36. Am they out there with news cameras? He Knew it was coming though. Yeah, for sure. Because we knew And he shouldn't be sleeping. We knew last he was at the club. Yeah, I mean like there was, there was, he had A hosting. There Was, there was, there was a lot of like, you know, a lot of like high level officials resigning during like over the last couple of weeks. And you know, this was, this was coming down the pipeline and you know, we knew that this was gonna be happening but I mean everybody is calling for him to resign.


A OC is literally leading the charge. Who is gonna replace him? I don't know how that works. I'll be honest. Is it like a lieutenant government? It's a deputy man. No, We don't care. Okay. We, we don't care about who's replacing him. We get into the T. Okay, so here's the t I'm gonna read some of the, some of what he did. Here are some of the luxury trips Eric Adams took in recent years that were not disclosed in annual disclosure forum. According to the indictment in 2016, he took a $12,000 value round trip between New York and India V via, via Turkey, which included a free upgrade to business class for two in 2017. A $41,000 trip that involved free business classes, et cetera, et cetera. New York, France, Turkey, Turkey is like really like the big thing here. How going, I ain't see nobody come back over here.


I Wait, hold on for a minute. Yeah, go ahead. I wish, I know we can't take group chips because niggas Mm. But when we do, finally take one. Let's go far. Yo. Okay. Since I, since we fail at the DR and the CR and the close, you said you don't Like flat. You said you don't like flying for long though. No, because I like to get back to work. I don't do that but if work is coming with me Gotcha. And Brazil, I, Michael, Paul and Josh been telling me to go to Brazil for ages. I have not, I can't find friends to go or time to go. But I think us in Brazil is fun. I think us in Turkey is fun. I us In Thailand, US in Thailand. Thailand, Africa. I think us in somewhere far Burg would be watching the Chase E.


Why not Brazil? You about to tell me about STDs or some shit? No. So why not Brazil? I don know. Not Thailand either. Tell me Why. No, I could do Thailand. Thailand. Tell me why you can't do do Brazil with me. Talk to me. come on. Talk. Thanks. Say Something. Temptation Island something. Yeah. Temptation island. That's gonna be temptation everywhere. Bottle Or something. It's not gonna be the temptation everywhere. Thailand. Maybe not. Yeah, It's different. It's a lot of lady boys out there Like You saying It's levels. It's levels. It's a lot of What? Well he just spoke to you about sexual discipline. Shit, I'm chilling Sam. I'm good. So I, I gotta go to Brazil and fucking do some. You do. You can just get on the phone and you know what I mean? She This shit. If I find something lay down in Brazil, oh my girl's probably gonna go.


But Lynn, if I find something I wanna lay down in Brazil. I'm not knocking on my girl door or our door. Knock on that door. We All faithful anyway. Indeed. No we different faithfuls. That's true. We not the same faithful. Can we explain that on We not the same because I don know it. It means every relationship is customizable to the relationship. That's the fact he's right. It is just faithful. Ain't the way you faithful ain The way he faithful ain the way I'm faithful. That's true. I think my faithful is a little more risque probably. Okay. I mean, well I wanted to be She keep hating. What's the tone? What are we? Yeah, what's the game? Let's get Okay. So. I already Got it. Some tricks. Okay, so let me just read this part from the Southern District of New York. Attorney General, your glasses Are trash.


You sexy. Thank you. You sexy. I got, I got other pants. But you sexy because this It is you saving the glasses? Not the glasses saving you. Do You need the glasses Readers to read readers? She's 54. I mean It, it makes it a little easier now. Reading glasses. She gotta make the font big on her phone now to read the text. Like my mom, I Refuse. No, no, no. That's a like my mom. No, that's a whole other step that I am not ready for. She's My pod mom. That should went 12 to 26. Hey, watch it. Alright, watch it. Alright, so this is what the attorney general said. I wanna make three things crystal clear. First, the conduct alleging the indictment, the foreign money, the corporate money, the bribery, the years of concealment is a grave breach of the public's trust. Public office is a privilege. We allege that Mayor Adams abused that privilege and broke the laws that are designed to ensure that officials like him serve the people.


Not the highest bidder, not a foreign bidder and certainly not a foreign power. These are bright red lines. We allege that the mayor crossed them again and again for years. That is the only reason that We are here today. And second, this investigation continues. We continue to dig and we will hold more people accountable. And I encourage anyone with information to come forward and to do so before it's too late. And third, the Southern District of New York remains committed to rooting out corruption without fear or favor and without regard to partisan politics, we are not focused on the right or the left. We are focused only on the right and wrong. That is our duty and we will fulfill it. Now He did that shit. He 100% did that shit. And when the southern district comes after you, like, you Know, look sketchy since, since The rip.


But my weren. But, but, but, but I, but okay. You never Vote for nobody with two first names. Pardon my ignorance. And let this be a teachable moment for me if you guys can help. Okay? Why can't I do that stuff if I'm the mayor? You can't do it with, Because you're a public servant. As the mayor of New York. What do you need in Turkey? A better seat on the plane to get to Turkey. What do you need to go to Turkey for? Whatever he Want to go to Turkey. So I. He can negotiate them niggas sending money to my personal account. 'cause I'm the mayor of New York and I'm gonna leverage that to get some more money. You can't do that.


Why though? Okay, so let me tell you what, what Turkey has to do with this. I wanna do that. It's more than just flights to Turkey. More than just first class flights to tur to Turkey. No, No, no. He got money from all These. No, this is, this is the reason why in exchange for some of those improper benefits, the flights, et cetera. Eric Adams intervened in the New York City Fire department's inspection process for a building owned and operated by the Turkish government allowing it to open even though it had not passed the fire inspection. That's what I want to be able to do as the mayor. So sound like the hook up. That's called, that's Foreign policy essentially, isn't it? I want to do that as the mayor. That's called Bribery. That's A crime. Yes. But I wanna do, it's, that's foreign policy. Who cool. You wanna commit crimes as the mayor, But wouldn't, would it not be because they would have, if it's a foreign country, they have to go through certain channels to open up over here.


Right. And I'm the mayor and I can facilitate. That's higher expedit. That's, that's higher than, that's higher than him. That has to, It is an order of command. The mayor bro. Not in New York City. Oh, well don don't know. I wanna do those things. As the mayor of New York, You, you can't, okay, you Wanna go to jail. But I want to, and I probably would try to do it. I believe you, You, him and PS would be sitting in The same, I think everybody in here maybe except For Parks, Everybody else in here outside of Parks would try it too. I mean, Weren Parks try. Why wouldn't I? He might be the first one. I was trying, I was trying to do it by the books though is the thing. You gotta find them below Loopholes. That's why I take Parks out of it because as the mayor, I think he'll feel like he'll be in such a good spot that I'm not gonna risk my spot.


I think the rest of us are not disciplined enough to do that. Or mature enough to do that. I think we Speak for yourself. We gonna try and steal nigga, you would still shut up. I'm doing it. We Would Still, I'm and you and you're risking, you're in risking this indictment and jail time. I mean, I might not, you might not pay me directly. At least you gonna be in there with his cousin. I mean that part, you know, absolute power corrupts absolutely. Huh. Absolute power corrupts absolutely. The more power that you're given with lack of dis the more power that you're given with a lack of discipline. You're just going to start to like, you know, skirt around all of the legalities and find a way to justify your behavior until you are fucking crooked and corrupt as fuck. Before we get into all of this, I knew that Eric Adams probably wasn't the guy when Jim Jones approached him in the Apollo and said, gimme your number nigga.


I'm trying to holler about some shit I'm trying to fix in the hood. You gave the number and Eric, Eric Adams gave him the number. It's that piece. And they taped it. I said, that's odd. And if I have to go back to 2011, well no, lemme not go back first. First. And I knew Eric Adams was a little off when he strolled them trash cans out and tried to present 'em as a new idea. I also knew he was off when he went on tv. This was my favorite moment from him and said, with all due respect to Kansas, it's not New York. New York has a yo for the mayor. Now We sniffed the weed that was, he picked up the bag of weed And sniffed.


No, he did the press conference and said, Ooh, you Smell that weed. He did that. I was like, all right. Yeah, he ain't It. Yeah, no, not at all. And in my favorite Eric Adams moment, when he did the PSA on television in 2011, to let people let parents know how to find contraband in their children's rooms is the greatest piece of, oh, Cinematography. He walked. Like, If you've never heard it, let me play it for you. You can look in a jewelry box, a jewelry box of this nature. Maybe a simple jewelry box. But if you look through it closely, you don't know what your child may be hiding. For instance, a gun. Look, a picture frame behind them cameras try to determine what's what's taking place behind a picture frame.


You can find bullets. You can always be your child bringing in his popular naps. Sat with many different locations. Lot of man Look through It to see, Look to that knack. Exactly. Is your child Carrying what's in there in Addition to a book? What's in there? Something Simple as a crack pipe. Oh man. As a baby doll, it could be just a baby doll. Check that baby Doll. So it could be a place where You can secrete or hide drugs. Secrete. Oh my god. Secrete. Wait, check the pillows. That's Unusual. Like a pillow like this with a button is a perfect invitation to hide something. Some crack dope. Something bumpy. You fell something. Get it Eric. See what It is. What's in there? Just look and see what's inside your bookcases. The bookcase more than just books. Perfect place to hide cocaine.


This is I. gotta Look For cocaine. Yo, I'm sending this to you. E Oh Shit. Oh my Lord. The bookcase is the perfect place to hide cocaine. Now you think about it. And the pill is a great place to hide. Crack. That's true. Yeah. When? When is his runup now? Now? I mean fucking now. Yeah, officially. Yeah. When is it officially up? Is It two years? I can't remember. It might be four I. don remember. All right man. We should have known something Was up when Bishop Whitehead said That was his mentor. We are living in a senior. Well they cousins, right? I think they're related. Somehow they're related. And that's my problem with Eric Adams. First of all, I came over here a few months ago and told y'all do not trust Eric Adams. Eric Adams looked like a nigga that you should not trust.


That's, that's number one. He got scammer written all over. He sure does. And once they told me he might be related to Bishop Whitehead. Lemme tell you something, it's written in ink. If I'm committing the same crime that my cousin is committing and I see him go down, I might chill a little bit Too late. It is Too late though. It is too close to home. Too Late did some years back. He doing the same exact shit that Bishop Whitehead did, which is getting money from some places. Fuck bitch. Bitch just shouldn't have got money from Get money. Fucking talking about It is they circulating a picture with Eric Adams and Puff. Eric Adams married, he not married.


Right To the game. Streets keep calling me. Can't leave the streets alone man. And the nigga was the police. Yeah. Well that's where the scam first started. No, That's a good way to Scam with, with the police budgets. Yeah. And what was going on. And we probably should have known that Eric Adams was going down because everybody around him started to either go down or resign or step down rather quickly. Well shit, They Came and took all those iPads and shit like a year ago. Yeah. That's When. you knew Shit. A come on. Hey homeboy just applied for the superintendent police job. And then the day after step down. If that didn't tell you that something was coming down the pipeline, maybe you should have been a little more prepared.


Mm. Yo I ain't gonna hold you. I don't know what the feds have going on. They stepping the shit up. The feds got the bus ticket in Monopoly. Yeah. The Feds got a different type of quota they meeting. And I wanna know what happened to that lady that popped up from Atlanta a few years ago saying, Hey, we coming out and arresting everybody big names more will be revealed. Yeah. Y'all niggas locked up Young Thug and went silent. Ain't nobody else got locked up. Oh, she was the one that got caught up in that. Yeah. Drama. Having sex with the Yeah, they had to get you up Out there. Oh 'cause she fucked homeboy. Yeah. They ain't going. Yeah. Get outta Here. They said calm down. Fuck it. Chill out. Yeah. Chill out. Chill out. Doing too much Powow.


I, I'm glad that Eric Adams is out here. Not, not to root on for the downfall of a black man, but Eric Adams wasn't up. He's One of the worst MAs. He wasn't up to shit. He wasn't doing shit. He didn't do shit. He got y'all garbage cans. Oh, Shit. I'm trying to find the Silvering here. We're not using them. I don know why garbage cans, we don't care about it. We walk right past the garbage cans and throw the shit on the floor. Eric Adams let the rats in like the migrants like He had a ignorance. Yeah. Like he was in charge of the rat border. Tens and millions of them. I mean I don't have a political deep dive for you. Me neither. I think that I don that Eric Aden will have his day.


I think they are gonna arrest him. I think they are gonna make a big spectacle of it. And I don't know who's running New York, but I'm a New Jersey resident too, by the way. Fuck New York. The mayor and cuss. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Y ought stop saying that. Y'all have to stop doing that up here. What? What y'all say? Fuck New York quite a lot, but spend a lot of time in New York. Yes. No I don't. I don't. No I don't. You don't either. I don't at all. No I don't. If it wasn't for my Dick Sensations, What The urges I get in my penis. That's the only time you come to New York, right? When, I. Hear the strip club. When. I. Go shopping. When you When I Eat To enjoy the best times Of your life. Live, enjoy. Quality of life is never New York or any of the, all the boroughs is disgusting. don don't care how many white people they let in.


So Bro Soho so North, bro. Whatever they call em, shit. But I do respect New York. But as, as a New Jersey resident. All right, let's like I do, look at y'all with a little bit of disgust. Alright? Not too much a lot. Okay. Y'all just gotta fucking y'all be happy. Get to wash and dryer in the crib man. Relax. Hey relax. They still got grassy. They so excited to be able to wash clothes from the comfort of their home. Like we've done this here before. So I ain't about to do it again. And Y'all be so excited to come over to us to have fun. Stay where you're at. Why y'all gotta come to us to have fun? Y'all don't go to y'all. What? We not talking about you sir. We talking about the people corny. Go here. You not talking to me. The only time you just spoke about having fun and enjoying yourself.


You said go eat To New York. If, if I want to up the level of fun, all them bitches moved over here to become roommates. Oh. Whoa. Whoa. If I wanna, if I wanna up the level of fun, I could do it right here in New Jersey. But you don't a lot of shit opening up. But you Don't Yeah don don't want no problem with my girl Because you wanna keep having Fun. I just want, I want to go to her place of work. So I can leave on my own and just go ahead and it be transactional. Sure. If I upped the fund from New Jersey, nigga look at me. Look at me in my face nigga. Yeah. If I up the fund from New Jersey, nigga, it'll be Ventana and modern and Duchess and blue. Yeah. come on style. It'll be it gray. It could if I park at Blue like it's Ola and just chill.


That's true. I don't even do it no more. 'cause they just come up to me offering pusy. Hey man, you wanna fuck tonight? No you scary bitch. Get the fuck away from before I get in trouble. I Didn't know how much. Yeah. That shit is. Yeah. What? Yeah. Layup City. I didn't know Sexual discipline. Discipline. I should be the name of the, at the place. Yeah. You go sit at the bar. She be there. I am the Caught a bunch of them fucking Arabic bodies. I was right there seeing in action one night. Oh you seen her? I was just Chilling. Oh. Lemme snitch. don don't wanna snitch. I Was just chilling. No, we talked about it. You snitch me. I didn't see Oh. wow you was there. What? Yeah. You were You. Yeah, but I don wanna tell him.


He asking to gain knowledge. Stop him. Yo. What shit was going? What was going? You seen him Say it like that though? Oh, you seen seen dope seen You? Huh? What she was doing? Wait and then she took him there. Bitch. Oh wait, Hey then she took him there. Showed him a grand time. Hey, get to calamari my nigga. Yo. Yo. When she more familiar with the menu now? The lasagna, I'm telling you. Nah, we we'll need menu. No, the That is delicious. No, no, no, no. De Leche Martini's not that Good here. Not here. Not here. Yeah. She ordered from menu. Hey. And he'll have for, She ordered for Come on.


That's Melyssa Ford. And that's Amani. Oh. Wow. Your fucking mouth. Watch your fucking mouth. Watch your mouth. Better hide nigga. Yeah. Watch your mouth. Yeah. It is Imani nigga with A capital. Oh yeah, Not man. What? Not I man, that's Melyssa Miss. Okay. It is Imani too? Yes. What that mean? Yo? Yes, you got you this business. Yo You can Let no nigga do. I'm Amani.


And I'm Amani. Hi. Oh, sorry. No, no, no. You heard I'm Amani to Melyssa. Okay, so anyways, where were we? What were we talking about? The the, the mayor stepping down. Who's gonna replace, who is gonna run this city? Who is gonna run this city? Honestly, let's talk about it. Run. Yo. Why? Niggas won't never submit. But wait, hold up real quick. We get to Eric Adams but that's my point about Cardi say and we, he was gonna come right today. Bitches is getting to it up. They are up more than some of them have ever been.


So When. you playing for real. For real. You playing in that small pool of the women that don't view shit like the rest of them. Like you playing with the ones that's going that have the ability. you right That to play Back. How does that refer to Big Imani and Big Melyssa Ford? Yo. Y'all have to stop anyway. I gotta, you laugh to I. gotta, I got a Cold. I got you nigga. I got you. Nah man. That is a mono. Yeah. Yeah. Look at you don't look at me. Can't look at you. No don't look at me. I just told nigga don't look at Me. Next. Nigga that laugh, Next nigga that laugh.


It is gonna be so furniture motherfucker. Alright. Yo. you know what's funny, E is right though. 'cause there've been some names where you, you say it to me like, yo, that's such and such like nigga I'm me though. Stop playing with me. You're like yeah but you niggas Up here say y'all can get Janet and J-Lo and I and now When I. So now When I Say something. It's like, oh Okay Crying. He crying because His face, You think it's the same.


Yo, Look at that. Look At the way. If you fucking giggling. I'm not if you fucking Gigg, I'm not. If you Gigg, I'm not. I'm not. I'm so not we'll turn this po the fuck up today. I'm not Oh Shit. I'm not Big EI swear to God. Yo. Yo yo. Watch your mouth Now. Watch your mouth Big stop Because you're being funny now. All right, let's move on now. Nah, I can't move on. Yeah. Come through This. shit a nice I don I. don don don't Know if we can move on.


Lemme see. I'm looking for turn this mother, the kids Ain't heard that slap swr forever. Holy shit. Oh man. That's hilarious. And listen, don don't know if everybody heard it, but I tell my story about that focus remix all the time when J-Lo called to get it done. Get And maybe my, maybe I'm delusional but I promise you. Oh yo, my nigga with you. That was JLo Den. Here come Ben Affleck coming in. Got you out here. Smooth, Smooth Out here. You gotta be faithful at that point.


You gotta do it. Ben Affleck come in nigga taller than I thought. Hey Ben Affleck ain't six one. He An Aura. Ben Affleck A smooth Six, three and a half Ish. Maybe anybody had them boots on it. The white boys could wear. Yeah, he Was in shape back then. I Just, I just went in the booth and did the little vocal and left. But before he got there, Had a little couple Flirts was cracking your knuckles. Yeah. You niggas is alright. And I'm with, I'm, I'm joking 'cause we're on a pod. I'm on the Monte side in this. I am. Even though That is Mel Ford. But I mean she ain't gonna stick up for herself. So I'm on east side. That's part of your power.


Right. you know You can send him in a tailspin. Life is like a airplane, ducks Race car. What the fuck? Wait is that wait, That is Still an insult. Wait what? Yeah I could send Her on a spin. Nah. Woo. Y'all nigga. Wait, wait, hold. Yeah I mean I'm with you. I'm with you Ike. You niggas gotta stop. I with you Ake please Don't force to Dab. Fingertip got the fingertip D I don think you could. Oh, Oh man. Today We well yeah 'cause she I agree with you. I do agree with him because she's soft but if she wasn't Yes.


Soft pink and delicate. Well, well exactly soft the JLo shit back then you could have one his 100%. 'cause she wasn't really fully j Loing. Now today you ain't. Nah Nah she was still J-Lo in there. No, I'm talking about today. After all experience. She hit the peak and she wasn't been Beat JLo at time. I wouldn't, I wouldn't. J-Lo is too thin for me, number one. And I'm super happy in love. J-Lo is too thin for me is what I said Pope. That's true. Okay. You down with me nigga. I seen the black girl you was with at the hookah party. That's True. Yeah. She wasn't no little slim pick had a little weight on her. Yeah. Well the main, The main part is you in in love. The main part is you in love. The most important thing is I'm so in love with my baby that I don't even see another girl. That's Right.


Mm. So Going Eric Adams Thoughts and prayers. don don't know thought some prayers. Who's running the city? Who's City? What you going do? What you going, what you gonna do? When, you step up and Stacey Adams, you really could sit her and tailspin actually, now that I think about it, you could And it, it could be bad for her. It could be bad for her. That's why she never really go. She do that all the way. I'm fine and I'm flirting. But she, she don't do no more. She know she fucking be in a dark padded ring. She's trying to commit to something.


Try to commit. She don't do well in the commit game. Clearly. Oh Shit Move right away. Eric Adams, That was hate. Yeah, well that's it. He's fucked. We know That. Allegedly. I think he's fucked. don Don't think he's going do the the Yeah, I think it's a rap. Do what? Survive. Do We think he's doing time? No, he's definitely never. You got Yes. I didn't think. I think you do something. I didn't think it would come. I can't say because I didn't think it would come to an indictment. I thought that they would press him to step down. But he's been so adamant on television saying I'm not stepping down. I've done nothing wrong.


He was on TV saying they lying on me when the the shit was sealed still. And he, we'd have no idea what We gonna Talk about. Yeah. Yeah. They still could be lying. Oh yeah. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? Like, yo, if, if he comes out, I don't think they are. I don't think they are. Maybe not. But, and that's just off Bishop Whitehead and the shit I seen them walk outta his house with, they took him. Yo, if all girls was pressing us and they was able to come grab you and all of your friends' phones and do the science, I would think one of us is going down. They went on TV and said, Hey we got every, all your friends, we got their phones and their laptops and we'll be back. I'd have been shitting bricks. I'd have went to watch my favorite movie, five Heartbeats.


I stayed In Turkey. Yeah. Stay right in Turkey. I came back with a afro. Stayed right in Turkey, came back, was dread coming back. Yo. I I think that they pressed the people that they picked up. you know they've been picking up niggas for the last couple months and I think they pressed him and made 'em rap. Mm. Or tried to corroborate what they already thought that they had. Do you think it goes into higher than him? Like do you think now he cooperates? I think he, I think he going be G enough to not even let it go up the ladder. I think they wanted him. I think they wanted him and they satisfied with getting him. And we're gonna make an example outta you Who's further up the ladder. The governor. Yeah. And she's and some other political positions. But. yeah. For the most, Once we start talking about high enough on the ladder, we ain't getting to him.


That's the Point. Yeah. We getting who we could get. They Need the full guy. Which The mayor, we can get the governor. Not the current governor but we've seen in the past they yeah, they got out here. Yeah. We've seen in the past they can get the governor. I think the positions that they can't get, we don't know about. Yeah. Or No one will care about. We won't know their, yeah. We won't know their name. Yeah. Their profile. Nothing about 'em. Yeah, they gone. He's the Story getting him is the story. And they got him. I I think if he does get convicted, he Got a scammer head. Are you ever look at that nigga head as a nigga with a baldie? I look at other niggas with bald. He and the shape of they head can't Talk. Yo. I know He a nigga talk. Yeah. Yo my nigga, I don't know nothing about it. Do A lot of job talking.


How y'all black him? Who? I don't live in New York. Oh right. Sorry. I'm sorry I forgot. I didn't like that nigga. I Forgot what you did for that two weeks. Oh Wait what about this? Why you say like what He, he act like you forget those two weeks. He act like it never happened. Like idiot. Like the men in black thing. Just Trying to blank that shit out. Toma Boy. I ain't see my man for a smooth three weeks. Remember you wouldn't hang out with me Yo. What's wrong with this guy? Yo, what's wrong with you man? That's What was you talking to him during this time? Does anybody know this time of Ish? Yeah I was talking to Ish. Where? When he lived in New York? No, when they wasn't Talking.


No, no we was talking at this time. I ain't talking about when we wasn't talking. Talking about something different. 100 We talk every day. Well every day I could get him. That nigga head was buried. Boy he would not come back to Jersey. Mm Look quiet. He don't even wanna talk. Let me see. Lemme see. I was looking for something as it relates to this Eric Adams stuff. Oh. Shit. I cannot find it. So my new question to you guys, I do think that he might do jail time. Never. It'll be Something late. If he's convicted, he's definitely going to hit, hit The cell. He ain't getting community service. No they'll find him. He ain't going, don don't Think it's gonna be a long stink. He's not going to buy jail Joe. Why you say that One?


He's a he. He said That too. No. Why? He's a decorated police officer for a long, long time. Oh that's true. Them niggas don't go to jail. That's true. Number two, he's the mayor and then my branches and my, my my, even if he is actually corrupt, that means I'm corrupt on a higher level and I got a bunch of niggas that it behooves them for me not to go to jail. That's valid. Okay. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? So I, he'll pay a fine or some shit. He ain't gonna buy jail. What the fine look like then if You, if you not going hundred. Alright. I disagree with that. If you're not going to jail and we got you on whatever we got you on And niggas have ratted, I gotta, you gotta pay somehow. How much Was 40 grand? 12 grand. How much money do they say he?


He he? 10 million. I heard 10 million. 10 mil. 10 Mil that he got 10 mil. Don don't know if he Got it but he like misappropriated funds up to $10 million Then you definitely not paying no 50, a hundred thousand Didn't, I didn't hear about At least 10% of that. At least So, I don't know. We'll see. So if 10, because a lot of that shit gonna go away, they gonna disprove a bunch of that shit. We could charge you with 50 things and then you might get convicted of two. you know what I'm saying? Are You allowed to hold public office again after being convicted for something like this? Ask Trump. Trump's running for president Again. It's two different, two different times. Yeah, It's different though. It's Two different So It Is Different. That's different. Yeah. When have we seen it outside of Trump?


Shit we've never seen this outside of Eric Adams. We've never seen a sitting mayor be be indicted, right? No. Yes we have. I'm sure outside of New York. The dude from Detroit. Detroit call me Kirk And Patrick in Oh in New York. New York City? Yeah because they called my man. He got Oh Yeah was Bugging. Nah, he was bugging. He was bugging. We were getting here We up In a different counties. Did something happen with Marion Berry? I say Mary Berry DC No he was bugging. He was smoking crack. That's bugging. He was bugging camera and they reelected him in a Motel too. Yo, he got reelected after the crack and he got a statue and he got a statue in DC too. Yo, that's guy love DC Yo. We gonna ride for hours. Fuck that. Well we love dc Even if they ain't riding for that we we love DC.


Yeah that's 'cause they ride. We love DC Yo they ride Ethiopians. I was saying It is a beautiful place. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nation's Capital mother. You don't have your headphones on right now? No. I don. You need them Don don. They're Fucking crazy. No, we just, we know we just add in some texture to the podcast. I love it. Horny texture. Yeah. Hor ist text hor as texture. It is something about When. you pass that McDonald's on I nine five in DC It's like oh I got a different dick now. I give different, I don't even need the pill at that point at all.


In DC Start rushing When. you get to the Delaware Memorial Bridge. You like that's When. you wake up at that sleep. Oh, coming alive. Where's that little bridge you go over with all the cars On the side? The, The, the all The auto repair spots. It's nevermind. You can take the side highway. No, You be in the hood. Take The side highway. CE Bridge. You, you be in Southeast Yo. Oh man. What off of Eric Adams? Yo. This contraband shit is the funniest, you know Ericson, I You got that. Put it on the screen off of Eric Adams on to another fair case. Back to Puff. Back to Puff. Don't jump outta your seat okay?


Because you've been killing shit for the last few PAs. Anytime we get to the puff segment, okay, we'll be going crazy Puff's Attorney says that. Well, before we get to that, there's a rumor going around that the baby oil is not baby oil heard. What Is that liquid horny shit. That Shit that make your soul burn still They saying there's some drugs. Oh they saying there's some type of drug in the baby oil which Is Yeah, Spanish flyback. Which is why Yeah, Some that get you loose, some that get you a little Get that blood rush Long. Yeah, The warming blue. I was never in Spanish Fly gang. Me either. Me Either Never. I remember seeing these have like ads in the fucking paper for that shit used to have in the back in the day. In the back of the back. He used to have it in the gas stations back too.


Whenever You go on the road in the Bathroom, y'all, them gas station cans, Everything. They got Spanish flying the gas right next to the thing where used Get your condoms on Joe. That's crazy. He going to the gas station for Shit. That's kind of crazy. That's the, that's the sex no Gas. That's The sex, the sex door. Yo. Yo. Wait so, so Puff's lawyer who I get the same feeling from When I hear and watch him now I get the same exact feeling. But his lawyer, He just taking the money. Yeah. He Ain't really trying to get him off. Nah, He said not at all.


When, I saw A little clip of him saying, nah, he, he get, you know, everybody buys shit in bulk nowadays. I was Like, he's like, yo. Yeah, I think he said Costco. I think he said he lived by like a bulk Spot. Let him In this country to think that somehow sex is a bad thing. Because if it was, it'd be no more people. I've been with him since eight o'clock this morning and it's about almost three o'clock now. He's just laser focused. He's engaged, he's helpful, he's confident. you know we're, we're going through our defense as we do every day. And he's, his spirits are relatively good. How Do you explain the baby oil and the Lube? She just got that job. Shut up.


My thing is, why is that important? What the baby oil and the lube, what she asked that. Yeah, the lawyer said that Puff lived Puff lives near a Costco's. Yeah, that's what he and he is got a big home but, so he's probably buying in bulk. But you heard what happened after that Costco came out and said, we don't sell baby oil. None of our stores in the country, we don't sell baby oil. I don't think I ever That's interesting. Don't never. I would've never guess That would looked. I don't think I ever seen nothing in there. I've never seen nothing in there at Word. I did seen lotion, BJ's. I was in Costco yesterday. I don't think I seen BJs. Should have Baby Oil just by the name.


Yeah, That's Hjs. If they got BJs, they got H. That's some baby oil somewhere. My question to y'all is in the upcoming trial, if this thing doesn't indeed go to trial, do y'all see Puff taking the stand? Like his lawyer is saying he will insist on doing Hell Yeah, I think so. Yeah. He's a natural salesman. That's one. And I think the only thing to combat some of the stories would be hearing it from his perspective. That's a fact. you Know what I'm saying? Like all jokes aside, if we fly a chick out, she might say one thing, but then you could get up there and be like, nah, you did this.


And remember When, you did that and then you did this and you said that, like I think all of that stuff will add context And take me out your fly out example. Don't fuck locally, Fly Down now no more. So for that, I catch something right around the Corner. Your girl lives outta state. That Don't count. Oh, I don That count. Just saying. Gotcha. How about the other bitch? Oh my god. ANGELIKK. You like That? A good old argument. You like it, you, you prepping for it. You are Italian. No, my girl understands that. I just be saying shit to pod like she gets it now. When, you don't out hear about it. And that's it. So, I. Try to lean on that because it's fun a little bit. Sorry I weird later and I'll cop plea later. Too smart. Don't know if I tell you.


That's cool. The audience ain't watching it baby. I'm sorry that was wrong. you right. Yeah. I shouldn't have said that. That was, think about your fucked up. I didn't, I didn't even consider what I was saying wasn't even no courtesy. I wasn't even thinking. I wasn't even thinking. Absolutely. But we can't put toothpaste back in. Tomorrow's a whole new, whole new two anyways. You hungry all now that We are here. Shit was kind of funny, right? Nah, come on. I ate with that one though. Right. I agree with everything everybody's saying and he does take the stand and everybody in every living room in the country is glued for sure. A thousand percent. That cross exam going to be Woo. I mean do we know for certain that the trial's gonna be televised?


Yes. If they go to trial? Yes. Yeah. Are you serious? Yes. No, I'm serious Now. Every network in America, including court TV wants Trump's trial was not televised. That's different. Political. That's a politician. Different. Different. He's the president of the United States and young Doug is getting televised and oj That shit is, that shit is mainstream. Must see Tv. We gonna get an FX show out this we on This. shit. We We're getting the Netflix show bro. I mean we're getting Yeah, fifties got the documentary coming that nigga and then when Ryan fucking Murphy gets ahold of This. shit, shit, shit for American crime story. We Got a documentary coming. By the time this drops and documentary will be out or Tubby. Yeah, on Hulu. Tubby Hulu. Hulu has one as well. Tub Oh. wow. Hulu has one as well. HBO too on the wall. They been playing.


They been doing them shit quick now too. Let me know. Once Olivia Benson gets a hold of this, They do. They definitely doing Order. Definitely. Man, they gonna gonna be a lead. They gonna go get Lonzo to play Puff. That's the wrong name. You can Las Alonzo It is so stupid. That's crazy. Forever. Nigga. It's up. s up nigga. I. don wanna grow up. I think Las could play Puff in Law and Order. Oh as the, as the other P as the other. Yeah. As Yeah. For Yeah, because you can't make it exactly like Yeah, for sure, for sure.


Oh, now He'll Body that. Yeah. He'll kill that shit. He'll body that. He's some underwritten I. gotta to get that nigga, nigga. He's a pretty good actor. Some people we don't talk about enough. don don't know. It is, every time I think of shit like this, I think back to yo, just the story of how Puff and Big played out and Suge and Pac played. Just This shit just crazy to me. Two of the niggas who was the top of the niggas was locked up and the other two niggas dead. Like I, I would've never thought that this was where we were gonna end up with these figures in 97 or 96. Yeah. Word. You think Rick Rubio could take work from you? Rick Rubio?


Yo can, can I, you know who Ruby from Moment. The basketball player. Oh, let me ask you a question with long hair, can I answer it? Can I answer it with a question accent? Can I answer it with a question? Yeah. Is is, is there something about you that think that I'm that chump? No. you know better now. Okay. No, I don't think Ruby Ricky Rubio would take Something from, I think every man has that. I'm talking to you. But I think every man has to deal with that. But why Ricky Rubio? Because it'd be tough outs that niggas don't ever think about. But Look at Ricky Rubio. Uhm, What about him? Just look at the picture of Ricky Rubio. Oh That guy. That ain't current day Rick Rubio.


And that still ain't a bad looking man. And that nigga and that nigga. Probably six four. That nigga worth about $200 million. That nigga worth about two, $300 million. I Don't know what they, they are. I thought he was six four too. You think Ricky Ruby, Ricky Rubio and myself would be aiming for the same women. Alright, forget it then. If you gotta ask that. I Think so. You think So I don't think so. Yes. I don't think So I. Think So I said very possible. Hell yeah. Delusion. Where is he right now? What team? He was at Cleveland I think. Did Big Rubio go the last slap nigga? Fuck and him up lap him up.


You the last slap nigga. You still on that nigga page? Huh? I'm Just Trying to figure out which was the most recent picture because he's got like A lot of you was a lot of time. I got a little, you know, went to the gq, went To I you got a lot of jerseys and shit. That was just No, no, I bet. Hanging in the rafters. Rick M Yeah, right. Nah, that ain't me. What ain't you? Oh that Rick Rubio. Yeah, Mel. That nigga come in here with a hey, how you might mad that that? No, that nigga No, ain't changing a thing.


This is shit. Like, this is why I am on your side and that shit we were talking about earlier, it's just dilution. She just be freestyling. You believe that for real? Yes, I know myself And He walked in here And was on Mel. That fucking Arabic nigga at blew on the Hudson at you in a fucking daze for a second. What Arabic nigga? The one you saw, nigga. No, he did not. No he did not. With his Old last first. No, he did not. And he was sitting there faking like Exactly fake laughing and Kiki and that because that motherfucker took just wiped out the bill. I was Oh, thank you. That's how it starts. Chael, let me Ask you, when that nigga says, yo, you want to go to no, No Lake coma?


No. For the weekend, don don't know you. I'm not begging for a trip. I'm not thirsty for a fucking trip. All right Bro. Yo, Yo, listen, I'm with her. I Know, but she's lying. we know you. I'm not lying. No, no, no. Lemme tell you. Not lying. No. Lemme tell you why. Lemme tell you why? Because we let Ice say he has a certain type that he'll never pay attention to. Yeah. But, and I do think that if some of them chicks that he say he don't fuck with, come in and give him the same game, he'll fall suit. Like who, who did you say? Who did we say last time that you said somebody on the, on the thick of I I'm, I don't wanna make it weird, but we made a joke and said that Mel ain't shut tight.


I think if Mel come into the pool party and say, yo ice, bring your As open. Hold on. Wait, wait. This is getting uncomfortable. This is getting uncomfortable. This is getting uncomfortable. And and I still believe that. What? You don't think so? She's tight. Yeah, she's not tight. Y'all know me long enough. You don't think that she would pull ice? No. No. 'cause of him, he don't. That ain't, yeah, It is just not, he don't see color. He's one of know he don't see color. Everybody's the same. He don't see color. I don Up. I don't see it My bad. I'm sorry to Didn't even do that. My bad. I didn't mean to do that to you. Alright, So they're telling us that Puff will, will, the lawyer is saying that Puff is anxious to take the stand.


So let me modify my question for y'all. What effect do y'all think it has if he takes the stand and is the, the charming, prolific speaker that we've known him to be, Don don't think that matters. I think the Hurdle. I think it does. I think, I think the facts are gonna matter more than how he presents them. I think that if he can give context to a bunch of the stuff and clear up, let's just say hypothetically he clears up 70% of the shit. He's guilty for some of the shit. We've already seen that. We already know that. But if he can paint a more, a less gruesome picture, I think it, it, it, it bodes well for him.


I'm trying to figure out why you say he's a, a prolific Speaker. Speaker. Charismatic. Well charismatic is one thing, but When, you go on the stand. You want people to relate and you want people to feel sympathetic. Sympathy. Yeah. And that charisma might count against you. That that charisma is not, he doesn't give off sympathetic. He gives off a arrogant, arrogant, confident, Disagree with that. It could be both. Okay. Charisma could be both. I know when I've heard him speak a lot of times he's speaking more with that. In most instances, So, I don't know. It could, it could go work. I do know this much When You don't get to where he is without having the ability to Yeah. But like I've seen him will teams to Victory.


Yeah. To, I've heard him call everybody to the center Speak And change the temperament of that's the problem, how things felt. But do you remember when he posted that shit to Instagram after everything was said and done and he had to, you know, make that Mia culpa that apology. Everybody was dissecting that and Mo and the, that's different and No, and the consensus was he Ruined it. He jacked it up. Tone Deaf. We don't fucking believe You. Tone. It was tone deaf. Yeah, but it was horrible timing. He He was, he was, he was going for sympathy and he missed the mark. That's not, I think that's ka don don't think he was going for sympathy. I Don't think he was going for sympathy neither. I don't think He was going for sympathy Though. I think he was 100% going for sympathy. I Don't think so. I'm just Saying. I don't believe that. I think he, he was acting fast trying to do damage control on top of a story.


And it was what you it was classless. It Was tagless. What, what you think happens when that prosecutor stands across from you? Eric Menendez. I mean, not Eric loud Menendez is what I think. Don don't think So, I Think he's gonna be more loud Menendez on that stand Eric than Eric Menendez. I think him getting on the stand is gonna fuck him up because once they start now they gonna bring, they bring the Cassie video in there. Make you explain that. Because they already try to create a defense. You can't defend that. Yes, he can. He saw he can't defend it. He's gonna be apologetic. He's not gonna try to defend it. Okay. He's gonna be apologetic. We don't Know. We don't know what he's gonna do. He's Already been apologetic. No, he, for the Cassie already Speaking to defendant though. He's not on Trial for the Cassie shit though. No, he is not.


But now that comes in, all we gotta do is prove you to be a liar. So now we can sit in here and break down your character and start, we question you about this question. You about some of these other things that can now you can't really defend. He's gonna cop to it. It is right. He's gonna cop it. He's gonna cop to it and he's gonna blame it on I was high out of my mind. I was drunk. I was in a total different mental and emotional space. And I'm sorry I was immature. I should have never done that. And they're, He's gonna cop and they're, they're laying the ground groundwork for that because that's what a lot of his Lawyers also gonna prep him. Y'all dude know that, right? Sure. Yeah. Absolutely. you know, Nigga, what's the thing? you know what's the one thing that the lawyer can't prep you for is what the prosecution decides to do and switch up. Because just as much as he has that apology moment, he also has moments after that where he started calling to his friends to speak to his character, which does not look.


But That is part of the prep. Part of the prep is I am gonna cross examine you as the other attorney. Now what he can't prep for is the sentiment of that jury. You can. And that's what every lawyer tells you. The jury, once the jury comes in, it ain't on us no more. And they could feel however the fuck they to Do. The lawyer's definitely gonna play devil's advocate. He's gonna play his side and how he will examine him and he's gonna have to step outta his shoes and play how the defendants or the state, well the federal government in this case would approach it. But like Joe was saying, some of that leadership that I'm gonna pull everybody around me, sometimes that can have a negative effect. 'cause now this moment we don't need to see that. We need you to sit here and answer these questions and not try to control the room.


So he might come in there thinking that he can control the room with that type of thinking. Puff's, we've seen people use, use their ego on the stand. Puff's, legal bills will be well over seven figures. Oh for sure. And these niggas are gonna have him. You can't do that. Them niggas Puff is gonna be acting like he being in fucking, he won't Color purple too. And he won't be the Also, you don't get to where puff is without being able to take instruction. I don't care what the public thinks then. Yeah, true, true, true. He can take instruction and apply it. I don't wanna sound like I'm caving. No, that's not Caping. No, that's bro, this is objective. This is totally objective. I think we don't know what's Gonna happen Period or something. I think that Puff is gonna be in there on his sober shit. I think Puff is gonna be in there concise.


I think his head is gonna be clear. I think he's gonna get up there and start showing off Now whether the the, the prosecution is gonna be sharp enough to try. We've, we see thug on trial. Every prosecutor ain't sharp. He ain't gonna take that stand. Yeah. Thug Not gonna take that. No. Listen what I'm saying, I'm talking about the prosecutor. Oh yeah. Yeah. Every prosecutor ain't the sharpest. We see Woody damn near fucking ridiculing this prosecutor. Go check, go check This, this Southern district. Go check this nigga that's gonna, no, I believe, no, I believe him. And he did that after he cut his deal. I'm just Giving you a damn true. I'm just giving You anything. I think Puff, puff has he, He should, he got a uphill battle. He should speak. He has a real uphill battle. He should speak. He should just really go in there clear minded of how I go about it.


And no matter how much they prep you for, at the end of the day, you have to deliver it on The stand randomly. It just pops in my head when I'm at home that his son put that this song out to the feds. That was the crazy, y'all got The wrong house randomly as I'm just walking around the house doing nothing. It just popped like Oh Shit. He did do that. Y'all, y'all searched the wrong house. We had the, the one next door. Was that really to the feds or was it more towards 50 When? you say he searched that? No, that To the feds. That was the Fed. He told the feds, they searched the wrong house. He tried to dis 50. It was a pseudo, it didn't do nothing. 50 was still moving around. The feds is the ones listening with they ear to the speaker saying, well you did what? Weird wrong house, huh? Yeah. No, sorry.


Sorry about That. Did we ever a discuss, 'cause I, I was watching something yesterday where someone was speaking about the fact that a lot of these parties that are in question some certain things that happened, a lot of people were saying that a lot of it weren't his doing. What do you mean? Like a lot of people were saying that a lot of those parties were his sons actually having parties as well. We addressed that in the last part. Even That is Okay, that could somewhat be complicit or look away or be part of the organization because that, That's what I was more concerned about. When I hear people talking about, oh, you know I want Clive Davis to take the stand. Yeah, That's what I want. Clive, where's Clive at?


Don't pull that old mafia. Move and act like you see now walking around the streets. Now that's What's coming Neck naked. What's my man name from the bumpy Johnson shit? Oh yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Remember Mob Boss was walking down the street naked. Yeah, but that's a real thing that, that was also in the, in the Gotti dock where They showed him. Oh Yeah. Like that didn't work. But I mean it's a good plan. No mob niggas man. Yeah. Where is Clive Davis at? Somewhere being old and rich. you know How hard It is to drown in a bathtub. Alright. Too far. Don't stop. I took it too far.


Yes. I also do not believe, Well I don't believe it either, but okay. Just, just so we, but I'm not putting that on him. But don don't believe 85, 10. I don't believe not none. Not a word of what came outta that hotel in LA at Oh the bathroom. Oh Shit. That Nigga. What you Think I had? Beautiful. She didn't drown. Huh? That wasn't the autopsy. Neither So I know Some other shit. I know what it was. Yeah. And I know what it said. Not a chance now. Yeah. Niggas don't get high and say fucking let me take a bath, A hot bath. No, but hey, I done got high a lot. None of those times did I say I'm kind of musty.


Yo. You don't always take a bath to clean. You take to relax a bath. you know what I'm saying? Fucking musty. That's crazy. That is that me a little tart right now. Y'all are sick. So I said that. Sober tar. Nasty ass. I'm in the crib disgust. I just lay in my shit Nigga. Funky. Good thing Y'all can't Smell this Nigga so nasty son. Anyway. Hey Jesus. Funny. Naomi Campbell another thief.


Yeah. Naomi Campbell has been stealing from a fashion charity and spent the funds on luxury hotels and spas and security and flights and cigarettes. Shit. Better get the Newport one. You gotta smoke a lot of cigarettes for that to be mentioned as part of your, your shim. That's crazy. It's A lot. It's on my rider. It's on my scam Rider. Yeah. That's crazy. If I'm stealing from the charity, I'm buying some cigs. Supermodel was outed after the Charity Commission's investigation uncovered evidence that fashion for relief only donated a small portion of the money it raised at celebrity events.


Instead it spent thousands on luxury hotel, Allens hotel rooms, spa treatment, cigarettes, personal security for Campbell. According to The Guardian, one of her trustees also allegedly received six figures. Damn. Damn. The Charity commission's assistant director for special. Oh, I'm over this. Fuck. Fuck outta here. I would do it too. Yeah. I about to say I need a charity. I would do it Too. Go gimme a charity And one on another pod. We gonna talk about what these celebrities do with charities and It is this. Yeah. So why are they cracking down on our shit? On our shit? Our, yeah. Set that nonprofit up. Pay your mother about 400,000 a year. Come on man.


700,000 a year. Yeah. you know what time It is? They caught a bunch of people. Black Lives Matter doing it too. Come Trump loyal cousin. Go ahead. No, no, no, no. I was gonna say but no in those, those things. No, the Black Lives Matter people was doing that shit. Not was doing that. They was cracking them. The $8 million houses. They got 17,000 square foot. That was crazy. If I'm Naomi Campbell, I wanna wanna be able to steal from the charity. I do. I'm sorry nigga. I'm, I've been around. I wanna steal from the charity. I was in the, in the closet video with Michael Jackson. I paved the way for a lot of This shit. You got the nerve to start a charity probably last year, two years ago. And I can't steal from it or use some of the money to buy my SIGs. If I'm Naomi Campbell. I do feel like I shouldn't pay for my own six.


I This ain Campbell though. Naomi Campbell been doing Matter. Wait, why? Why, why, why say she's 79 nigga now what? And Looks great still. I'm not buying my own cigarettes. Charitable cigarettes. It is crazy. How old is she? Does it say how much they alleged she stole? No, but she OG man. Mm. And she was at the Playboy parties too. Mm. She stole that money. 54. She stole that money and started shading me on. We ain't come in here and talk about Naomi versus Brianna. I didn't even know that was a beef. I didn't even know how it started. Naomi. Naomi, that's A beef yet. Naomi Campbell it's Thing first. Rena. Yes. Yes.


Rihanna dubbed her at the front row at some fashion show in fucking Paris. Wait, baby. Versa I would think would be like cool. They were at one point. Mm. This is the industry we're talking about. What are we talking about? And so then, And then Naomi shot back with that. With Luxury Law. Yeah, exactly. With the video. That's like, they were Like, that's not demure Fashion Week. It's about you Gotta keep your TAs inside. It's not about you. Alright. If you're wearing the clothes, Don't let the clothes wear you. You gotta be more demure to hide the tatas and da da. Oh she hating. Oh yeah. But she will be the person who Who can hate, could hate.


Who can Hate So I. Especially About Fashion Week. you know what, that's interesting. Rihanna is down with the biggest fashion house in all of the land. But Naomi is Naomi. I don't know who has, I don't know who's wrong in there. I don't know who's wrong in there. I don't know the full details. I think fashion is turning. Rihanna is lvmh. No, I get that baby. I understand the, they're dominant number one by far. I get it. Naomi Campbell paved the way for a lot of these fashion houses and black women in these like she did. So who has the right to shade? Who Today? I'm gonna say Rihanna 'cause she's the future. Why you keep saying Rihanna?


Rihanna, Rihanna. I don't know. 'cause people Rihanna. Man, yo see Emanny shit. Yo. Stop changing on I we're saying her name wrong. Yeah, she says Rihanna. She says Rihanna. She says Rihanna too. She says Rihanna. I heard the song say that Ri It Might be her accent. Yeah it Might be her accent dialect that makes it come out that way. I've heard her so we telling her, she saying her name Wrong. Alright. Alright don. Don't care. Who side joined you said Rihanna Fish Re think ice More Rihanna song. But aside, I do see where the older Person would be a hater. You fish everybody's side say Rihanna's side. come on ball stopping. I'm going around the Room. Nah, I think Naomi got the rights to talk about fashion.


Rihanna, Parks Rihanna, Mel Re But I don't know the details. I'm just talking about fandom. If That's it. Rena's at the point where she could do whatever the fuck she wants. I and if they have some beef with each other, I'm going to say that Rihanna probably Naomi gotta respect that. 'cause Naomi was at that point, at a certain point. But also they have, yeah, they have beef power. I dunno. She was at that point respectfully. What Do you mean? She might have had a ceiling for where she could get to. And now the game has changed. Rihanna's evolved a little bit further past. She's the og. So. I mean That's, That's What happens a lot of times with everything. It's like rap shit. The one who, that's what I'm saying. Everybody two different games. You've pave, You've paved the way to give Rihanna those possibilities and not let her do.


She really, Rihanna came in from music and we navigated to that. Yes. Really though. No she did. She's a black woman who did great in fashion. She is the start of it. So we forget about Grace Jones. We talk Grace Jones. No, we don't forget. We don't forget about Grace Jones. Grace Jones wasn't Naomi Campbell, But she was not Naomi Campbell To be very clear on who Naomi Campbell is. It's about three. I'm not arguing with you. Tyra Franks, Naomi Campbell Johnson wasn't even thinking about you being a nut in his ball. We Grace Jones don care about what he was thinking about. Think he chief chime me down. What about Grace Jones? Nigga beat up when old niggas talking It's Grace Jones. What you know about Grace Jones? Right. Marker. Yeah, Naomi let let let the young girl do a thing.


I I always thought Grace Jones was fine. I ain't gonna old you. She's fine. Fine, fine, fine. I'm talking about even when they was playing she wasn't thought She bad. That's different. That scam. So That Boomerang who? No that's, that My bad. That's it. No, that's not, That's You said Marcus. That was Lady Eloise. That was Lady Eloise Earth Kit. That's earth the kit. Nah, grace was Father dubbed the shit outta Earth. A kid in my room. Facts. Wait, if you had to do a little casting couch. Yeah. And that was it. You ain't gonna give Earth Eartha was bad at a certain point and, And you thought she owned the company Earth Was bad around the time Nancy Wilson was bad.


Right. Adam West? Yeah, the first Don't ask my name like no before, before that. Yeah, probably. No I ain't, I ain't casting couching. If Earth Kid want me on a casting couch, I'm not. Ask that because I had Hey Joe. Oh I had experience with with a If let me ask you a question. Wait, Wait, wait, wait. Go ahead. If, if Amazon CEO Meg. No me. Alright. Amazon got a butt ugly. No, no, no. She because Earth kid wasn't butt ugly. She just old No Earth get what? No, no, No, no, no at all. But look, Amazon, CEO they older and you think the deal is on the table. You projecting that's what you would do.


I'm asking you what you would do. My dick can't get hard for a 90-year-old. I, they get hard for 400 oh million. If that's what that deal worth though. Yeah. They get hard. Are you, Do I, do I have my own money or am I poor? You don't have 400 million. You ain't Don don't need 400 million either. And look Dude, Be clear. Be clear since we talking about we So you toing. You won't mute up honey. Be clear. We was talking about greed and discipline earlier. I'm on the book. I do not need 400 million and I cannot say today with a clear mind and conscience that I would do what it takes to get to four oh million You. All right, so, so I'm telling you. So take Marcus, gimme A buck. I think I'm getting, I'm getting a buck on my own. No, remove the He work, remove the money on my own. Remove the money.


'cause Marcus had a fly crib. No, he worked. He had a great job. He just wanted to, he just wanted to move up in The ladder. He dubbed it too. No he didn't. Oh no he didn't. No he Didn't dub her wrong. That nigga said shut them lights off. What? I'm wrong. I'm wrong. That Nigga said can we get it any I'm dubbing earth kit on the sexual Discipline. Hey Tanner, the time the timestamp should say, would you dove earth the kid on, On the casting couch? I'm dubbing it. If she put that catwoman suit on from the back, back in the Batman days. What's The oldest chick y'all sleep with? The oldest lady? It depends on the look How old is No, no. Put the best case scenario like the earth. The kid shit. Like she's got everything casting couch. She lit. Tell me like for real. How Drew how old he going to look up how old Martha Stewart?


That's exactly what I'm looking up. Martha hit He ain. She's 83. 83. Martha get hit That niggas nigga. She's Hot. Martha get hit Flipped. Martha get hit. Tam. Martha up too a good time too. Martha put me in the will And You can leave a little bit of light on too. What the fuck You can leave the light on Oh Shit I don Dunno how old gen jean bus is. But y'all know I'm suplex Nobody. They the best sometimes When I get home like I think that we'll run outta stuff. Part about I do for real. Genie come with some, some other shit come and say something like how old is Martha? Do it again yo. And I'd be like, Oh Shit. We got another seven years.


I knew he was gonna look Seen in the little lingerie, little bathing Suit Ice Got it on his phone probably. Yo fam, you know Jeanie bus getting suplex. Jeannie Bus is not of that. She about Savage. No she is not age. Jeanie Bus is like 60 in her. She was Jackson Late fifties. That don't mean that's age. No, She look at the age. No, she's old. She older. Jean Bus is not 70 something. Ish 60. I said high sixties like 67. I say no to that. She probably 63. She just hit 60. Yeah. Early sixties. That Is you talking about. But that ain't questioning anybody. Fuck a 63-year-old dog. I'm 48 years old. If It's, that's your ballpark. Oh Shit. I all Had.


That's the range you kind of should be shooting at. I've seen some fly as women are in they sixties that's in the gym every day. Every nigga in here would pop. How old is Angela Bassett? Yo y Angela Bassett. Angela Bassett is How old is Angela Bassett? First round draft pick. Yes. Angela Bassett today. I think She's like 61. If Mel was about 59, niggas are scooping that thing off the streets. Absolutely. Are. you shitting me. If Mel Mel ain't gonna get, she gonna get a couple wrinkle. Yeah, but at 69 this is something to die with. Thank you. Okay. But we referring to the kiddish of that age group.


So Earth that that point. I'm not letting Earth the kit put me on a casting couch and say, ah, what do you pump up darling? You right. How much, how much Pumping can you do? you right. I'm not, I'm sorry Don, I hear you. Nah Earth the again kicked You swear Earth, I'm not your podcast. You projected your podcast. You'll do This shit. You want Nobody know Subscription y Would do This shit. I did back in day. Hey yo. You here? Yo my homeboy. No you ain't here. Talking about sponsored by patrol by Price. That'll be your prospect nigga. She come in here and throw that right bag around at the kid.


She started doing that back. She make you turn. Nigga, shut up. Yes you would. Fuck outta here nigga. Y'all are conflating things. I would sell some ass. I just think my price is different than y'all. That's what we just said. 400 million your asses on the table with an apple in your mouth. But I can to the nigga. That nigga roast that nigga. Turn it into out with Honey. Guys on your fucking cheeks. This's crazy. Damn. Damn. Hey your dog. I might be right with you. Don't get a fuck No. Hundred Michaels. You would be there. I wouldn't be there. You'd be there for 400 Michaels. I think I could get to 400 from Leela au Shit. Oh, come on. Damn. Lela Rashan. No, no, I'm not saying that she has it.


I'm just saying I think that there's somebody that I'm more attracted to that I could get to. Ain't seen Lela Rash seen her today. You ain't seen Leela Rashan? No. Yeah, You should. You should go to Google. What happened? You gonna take Earth? You gonna take Earth Shut up. I promise you what Happened to either Rasha. We Shouldn't do that. Yeah, part two Be bad. I Google right now guys. No, don't Do it. No, no, no. Is she sick? No. Yes, yes. She's had. She has an autoimmune condition. She's sick. Oh, take it out. So we should stop. Allowed her to gain some weight. Joe. Joe. That's it. Ain't Sunshine nigga, Stop Lark Voes. Have you seen, have you seen her that much?


All Lark. Voes can't Look bad. She's also sick. Stop. So stop. So stop like a sick women. So of these bitches look good. Sick. Alright, we gotta stop Because I ain't think the leader Rashon looks so bad just now. I ain't moving on that because I'm not mature enough to have gotta Stop her. We gotta Stop. And Terrell Hicks there. How about that? Terrell Hicks? I haven't seen her in a very long time. I haven't seen her since Bella here. I wouldn't Oh no, I, I wouldn't give a fuck with She as, As long as she show up. As long as she show up and It is blue Again. Isha Rashad. She's our age. Felicia Rashad. Felicia Rashad. Terrell Hicks is at my birthday. Felicia Rashad. She still, I you not that you know set up nigga.


Nigga. Swear you always trying to do that. Told What am I trying to Do? She was at my birthday party. How she get there? Niggas brought, Niggas brought Terrell Hicks to your birthday party and I didn't know about it. Y'all don't come to my shit. You ain't go. Exactly. But You ain't telling us you gonna Be there. Stop Doing it at the bounce house in fucking Lit. 21. Alright, so what about Felicia Rashad All day, every day. Come on Debbie Allen. Oh, come on, Come on, come on. Let's not be silly. Peg Bundy nigga. Fuck Peg Bundy. Yeah. Hold on man. What, what you call it for life And, and Al Bundy wife on modern family. Anybody That Al Bundy with I. Don, anybody Al Bundy. Fuck with. I'm in count with what's Her name from How to Get Away With Murder.


You gotta get some Viol Viol Viol Davis against all the women, bro. Viola Davis. Yeah. She a Run. Absolutely not. She could A run Time. I'm doing it because I need to see that level of acting while I'm inside of you. I feel You. Like I need to see e ego level acting Egos. If some, I say ego. Ego. I say ego. No, I say Ego. If some of these dykeman chicks had me feeling like creme de la creme, I want to see what Viola can do. And she listen sometimes or her assistant does. So. I. Take it all back. Shout to Viola Davis. Front of the show. Yeah, let's Stop. Let's stop. Let's stop Demeaning. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta chill. Why? All y'all could talk about is who y'all would insert yourself in.


You asked, oh It, is This po gonna get us in trouble? Yes. This is is the pod that we said some shit and she always wanna mute up too. A hundred percent Y Ever told you about the person who tried to do a casting couch with me. Who? The Danny, right? Nah, that's a squirrel. I gonna hold you. Hey yo. This nigga rapper brain is different. Yo, that nigga's brain is special. Do that. Oh man.


Yo. And how old is Almaha? Wait, Wait, wait, wait. And you did Not, she's 50 some and you did not. Oh. You deserve every failure to come your way. You deserve every Failure to come your way. I I know today. Yo, why not? Who nigga. Because I'm ble You can say She's still Powerful. Cover your mouth from coming. You are a dodo. What really hit that you are a dodo. Yeah, she was. She was extort. No, no, no. I bro, I know that today she was extorting niggas. Yes. That's it was. Listen, I Know that today. But When I walked in there. I didn't know who she was. I was still very new to the game.


And who people were important and namesake. That's why You so that's why you so fiery on the offset topic. You relate to using your dick on the wrong. The Wrong Shit. Oh. Shit. Somehow you skipped this person. Oh man. Went over. Oh my lord. God damn. Sorry. Yep. Yo, sometimes it's men. We gotta use our dicks to better our fucking situations. Like four. That's another pod. Like 400 million. That's another pod for another time. Yeah. Yeah. Earth. A kid don My Yeah. Better situation. That nigga is no Hilarious. See we moving on up. You know who good Jack a? Yeah. Indeed. Jack ain't a bad hit though. Yes Indeed. And she and she about 70.


My mom went to school with Jack a she a freak. Really? How you know Jack ain't Freak Follow on Twitter? She let me known. Yeah, she did. Lun. You gonna do Lu now? Luelle free two. No. No. Alright. Well's. Alright. Moving right along. Move. Right. Anytime the talk gets to what Luelle is about to do with one of our bodies. Let's just keep it moving. Oh. Shit. We did Eric Adams, we did Puff, we did Cardi. Cardi offset. Do we want to get sad a little bit and touch on Marcellus Williams and that sad story? Or do we wanna put that off a little bit? How we feeling? Nah, we don't wanna put it off. We don't wanna put it off. And, and, and I don't have a deep dive.


I just wanna say rest in peace to Marcellus Williams. That is the man that was executed in Missouri that they say was exonerated and, and there was evidence proven that he hadn't committed, committed this crime. And The original prosecution basically stated the same. Yeah. The family as well. weren For him being the family of the victim. Yeah. Weren't for him being executed. I can't imagine being in that situation. Nor will I even try to. But I did see an interview that his son did where he said that he was at peace with the, the decision. Yeah. He was going to paradise.


So, Because regardless of whether it's right or wrong, when it's your time to go, you want to be at peace. Yeah. But what's really interesting about, you know, and we'll we can close out there, but it's just really interesting that the will of the people just consistently gets ignored by the powers that be. So it was the governor who basically, you know, said that he was not gonna like give him a stay of execution. And then the highest court basically said they rejected his last plea. So he was executed. But I mean the Innocence Project took on his case, there was over a million signatures to, you know, try to get a different outcome. And then that was ignored by like what, two, three people. I just don don't know.


It just, it's very unsettling. Rest in peace. Rest in Peace. Rest In peace. Rest in peace to, Yep. Rest in peace. Marcellus Williams Not really a fan of the death penalty, Honestly. Me either. There's too many, too many cases where shit gets proven later. New technology. Yeah. 20 years. Yeah. 15 years down the road. Yeah. I don't, we had two people on here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. you know what I'm saying? We've had two people out here that Don't wonder how he's doing. That's my man. Who? Which one? Which one? Grant or John Grant or John? Shit, they both my man. Yeah. Actually John B out here. Active John is who I'm talking about. John's active John. Man, I miss you man. come on, come on. Let's get another starlets night going.


I ain't been to Starlets in a long time. I keep going in there getting the mac and cheese and turning around. Once I went on vacation and got fat again, I came home and just been on my fat nigga shit. Which is, I'm eating mac and cheese at midnight. 1230 at the strip of the re. Shit. It is good too. Start This Shit. They got some of the best food Start Right? Real. I forgot. Yeah. It is good. That's Salmon. It is good. Whoever's chefing it up over there, boy. Ain't that same lady. Yeah. Oh the Spanish lady? Yeah. Yeah. She get right. It is the same lady serving. I never know who's cooking. 'cause my man John the black dude be cooking oxtail. That ain't Spanish.


Motherfucker be making Oxtail. I gotta a spot. Your like foxtail Brooklyn. You got a what spot your like Fox till in Brooklyn. Crazy. I like all the spots in Brooklyn. It's just in Brooklyn so. Yep. There's that. Yeah, that food in Diamonds looked Good. Diamonds food is good too. Strip club food is good. It is. And if you having to not be in starlet or diamonds places where You can get a five star meal. Shit that motherfucking pizza and dream ain't too bad either. The little pepperoni When, you hit the spots that just got the little flatbread pizza. Gimme one of those with this pussy I'm looking at. Yeah. Yeah. I'll take whatever you Got. Pizza and pussy. Puy pussy. Flat Pussy For round ass. We, Jim was in Diamonds last night two nights ago.


Cop up. I wish I was in there. I'd be wanting to be in there when these niggas be in there man. See Jim up In there. It'd be little on the wrong night. That's the right night. Tuesdays and Wednesdays now. Boy they, you know me. you know I ain't gotta tell you. You, I'm gonna step in the ship club this morning Outside FPO baby. Next month outside. FPO baby. Go ahead nigga. Man. Fuck. Stop one. Just, just Fuck with it. You gotta stop all of that. Oh my God. The tipping the money. I am my morals. Go Ahead. I'm 41 yo Dog. With the economy going bad, 300 is 900. 400 to 12. You guys just gotta find Fire One is a stack. Talk to these niggas. You just gotta go to that bar with them.


News, young Chicks that don't know nothing about nothing. Little Hams came out the other night while I was at motherfucking mermaids. First night working. Whoa, Whoa. And I'm so stupid. I'm so stupid. Kept the same T-shirt on the next day while I'm FaceTiming my girl. Here she goes. Seeing all the makeup. It'd Be funny seeing it deadpan face to my T-shirt. I'm like, what? Why I laugh. When I. Get the text The nigga. What is so funny? Why? What happened? Oh this makeup by my neckline. You you're insecure. Oh. Shit. Wow.


Yo, wow. Sometimes it's tough. Gaslight away. Well gas light out. I say that nigga Got Gaslight a portable one. How else you gonna get fired? You gotta like some gas. Fuck we talking about over here also. And really, really, really sad news. Really sad. I realize That you've Been hurt Aretha. come on now. If Aretha ask you wanna casting couch, what you gonna do? Who In sadder news? Man? One of our nick greats. Chicago Bulls great.


Grizzlies great. I think this brother has been great everywhere. I don't give a fuck. This is my man. This is like this generation AI for me. Derrick Rose has announced his retirement in the classiest fashion I've ever seen. Yeah, that's fuck with the photo shoot with the newspaper with a Rose. I absolutely love Derrick Rose as a basketball player and as a person since I went to that club in LA and he was in there and the bitches were looking at him. But he ain't really interrupt my flow 'cause he is with them white girls. I fuck with that. I fuck with that. Just a solid dude. I want to say he's retiring, but I don't really believe that. 'cause I think Tom Thibodaux will show up to his home.


Mm. And force him to play a game. Tom Thibodaux gonna get some minutes out of that road no matter what's going on. Derrick Rose, we love you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your contribution. Really sad day for Hoopers. And I think your legacy is cemented. I think everybody that need to know about you, knows about you and mean We. know what you do. That's a fact. We know what you do. Absolutely. Very classy way to retire too. Derrick Rose is a class act man. So class man. Yeah. Even from how he's been willing to be the veteran on the bench. s true. He's been a class act. Yeah. They tried to get AI to do that. He didn't wanna do that. He said Nah, come off the bench. Nah. What's a bench?


The NBA got benches. Yeah. Derrick. Rose. We love you man. And and congrats. Hopefully you enjoy your retirement. Really, really, really, really, really. Class act. Real class Act. Agreed. Not the fake kind. I don't have anything else that I need to hit on this pod. I did not finish the Menendez brothers. Should I have one episode left? I finished. Gotta finish. I cut it off once they was barking on each other on the bus about whose fault this was. Oh yeah. I was like, oh. Oh, it's last's fault. Well, it's all their faults. That Is right. Fault. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta watch the ether though. It is still episode five. It is the last episode.


You saying Ether? Mm. They got E the very last one. They get Ether. Yeah. Oh spoiler. I guess I'm in it. I'm in there. I'm in there. Like one weird, and I haven't caught the most recent episode of Aaron Hernandez, but the internet is a blaze with Yes. Just how much homosexuality they're focusing on in a new episode. I know we said that. Yeah. But apparently that's not stopping anytime soon. I see it. I see people saying that it's turning some people off because they don't remember that being so prevalent when he was alive. I remember. Well it wasn't prevalent when he was alive. It was president the desk. Yeah. No, when the arrest and all that shit. When all that shit came to light. Well the the def. The def, it was really prevalent because of just the, the guy from college, I mean from high school that came out and then at that point they just started breaking down all that shit after that.


So I. Don't know On Patreon. I do want to get into this player strike at I think UNLV. Oh yeah. That's interesting. Ooh, that's interesting. Ooh. I love it. I love it. Pay love it. I love it. They promised some of these dudes or Quarterback, the quarterback. Quarterback. But now running back Too I think now too. Not just the quarterback. Oh Really? I Don about the quarterback. That's Dope. Yeah. They promised some niggas NIL money when they got there. They didn't give it to 'em. Players entered their transfer portal and now the school is saying, Hey, y'all was trying to break the law by asking us for whatever money you was asking for. We've considered that as pay for play. So we didn't participate and it's against the Nevada Law Commission law, whatever they was saying.


So it's a big thing. And I think there's more to come from that. Of course. Yeah, Of course. But I heard about the, the quarterback one. They were saying that the assistant coach basically told my man, we gonna give you a hundred KA year to play. And you know, he did. And they Was like, yo, a hundred K is a really good deal for the school. Yeah. And he is. They're three and oh, I think Yeah. He's having a good season. Yeah, He's playing well. Yeah. Like a hundred. Pay the man Yeah. Out. Even if it's against the law y'all been doing that shit for. Yeah. Figure out. You can figure out the loophole. Yeah. But. yeah. I'm, I'm all for players exercising their power again. We can talk about that a little later. I'm going to get to sleepers, I guess.


What am I playing as a sleeper? I am going to play don. Don't need to send it to Parks. It's me. Have you heard your sleeper before? Yes. Did you send it to Parks? I'm sending it now. Okay, there we go. Send that bad boy over to Parks. Okay. Have you heard your sleeping? Let me see. What am I doing? What we gonna do right here is go back. What we gonna do right here is go back, go back, go back, go back. Way back, back into time. Yeah. I'm going back to 2015 on these niggas, man. Old school. This is la A you know La What's good, what's good of the show?


Maybe I should pull up, Unlock the door if nobody's home. Let's I.


It is Brand new. Old music. That is la a NO.


Another night off a cover of the Drake record la front of the show. Shout out to him. My man. My man, my man's back when he was figuring it out. No. And he did indeed. Figure it out. Shout out there, Talk. All right. Good shit. I'm gonna go down to Houston. This is Cracc Era Maxo Kream featuring Tyler. the Creator. Let's go. I the gun. Just let in. I still don't believe that. You're the only one here. Hey, A-A-O-A-O. Yeah. Let that gold man. Let that gold man bur Yeah. That that gold man. That that gold man bur yo, that that gold man.


That that gold man bur yeah, that that gold man. That that gold. Yo running the relay. Feel like the oh six tk. Me and bro riding around. I put white max on my pk. That's a BMX with it. Man. I run like recorder. I just caught the new one. Wallace just put in the order. Nigga. Two. Tone two though. Watching Juno. you know who them is. When. you see niggas in them. Unos. I'm that nigga. That nigga. I'm that bomb. That boy. You better watch before they cookie. Turn that niggas a ho. Chipping that that gold man. That that gold man bro. Yeah, that that gold man. That that gold man work. Yo, let that gold man. Let that gold man work. Yeah. Let that gold man. Let that go. Yo. My Hoover Isha rub.


Like lu Chris I throw a boat, I finish him like lu king. I want to bring like Aln, I mean the head like the best of Peress on my dress of Mac 11 at the Reverend sneaking heaven with suppress the Cucamonga. Cracc Era killer. Shooting bitches, slapping niggas. Way before I did this rapping I was out here jacking nigga. I mean like jacking was my skill. Jack your pounds and jack your pills catch you lacking by the hill with jacking, niggas jacking Jill jackass. Knoxville double seal set. Quil no ta. Tail lip seal. If you squi you get killed. DJ drama. Navy seals can in your gangster grill juice like keep the tote just like you. I let it go. Whoa. Let that gold man. Let that gold man bur here. Let that gold man. Let that gold man bur yo. Let that gold man.


Let that gold man bur here. Let that gold man. Let that gold yo. And That is And That is Cracc. Era Maxo Kream Tyler the Creator. Shout to Maxo Kream. Man, friend of the show that that beat came on. We said we were gonna talk about it but we didn't. So I'm gonna play Daylyt and j Cole play the collard greens. See the, Yeah. Busy talking about cheating. Huh? We too busy talking about cheating. Yeah, I know, right? Oh, This shit for This shit off.


You know that feeling when Yeah. Just pray for me on the third. It's a body chopped in thirds. I heard a lot of sheep in the circle. And you the goat, the Judas come in and purge it Hurt 'em every time you splurge. All this time spent the mind sent the haters at me and make me happy. Knowing they can never touch me. I tackle every goal he made. They think we playing rugby. The rugby in the ghost look like a floor at the haunted house. 600,000 on 200 acres. I know it hurt him. Bad paparazzi. Peak. We close the curtains. I know it hurt him mad. Yeah. It is like a verse that the pastor gave from the pool pit.


They mad adore me but I ain't here for the bullshit. Never stress who they gonna bless today? I knew I'd get a meal. I came from section eight. Ain't stress the plate. Yeah, the rest is greatness is history in the making. His story he making taken to the fact that we was taking place inside the trap tap with Ative and we think that we running shit relax and relapse. Dope. Lift up a hundred clips some blocks turn hunted gross stunted like Barnum and Bailey Hartford. The babies clowning, drowning. They surroundings there for op out backseat of the police called Ben. Never cop out the Poul. Lo stop doubting for better days. The sun bright out children let it raise. If you hear this keep your head Upraised.


Go, Go, Go. Yes. The rain is obsolete. Jermaine is out to be celebrated. Paraded out in the streets for days, if not for weeks for bringing us out. The ble is burning pit. My words are slick. When it's my turn to kick, I apply pressure like I'm trying to stop. A how vain is my belief to say that I could be the greatest y'all done seen with my cadence is proper. From days I laid across the street from these Caucasian neighbors, new kids I stayed around are green and not as mean as my homies that played on project swings. Where fade is not foreseen. My brain stained, ingrained with the stories of slain bodies from heinous rivalries and raided our regimes, exchanging raw for cream, tricked them and went left.


They pulling up shooting like Tatum off a screen. The business do. As kids, we knew the way the cause of ring since mom ain't paid them off. We trained to wash the names across the screen and let collections pass just like we failed to make and offer Ring got a channel of thoughts 'cause damn the cable off the deep down, I hated Halloween with all that I have seen. Who needs another way to cause a scream? Dangerous as the king of pop. How well they span your block. No moves, minimal smooth criminals. The whole gang doing insane matter. Lean. This ain't prescribed 'cause there's no doc for pain. They harbor rings. So pray to God. But it's odd 'cause Satan's catered all their dreams spiritually. Malnourished. Dehydrated. Now they theme for truth in these flows. Food for they souls to make it all serene.


We're here's A, Plate, Of, Collard Greens. It is Daylyt and J Cole play the collard greens. Some good old fashioned word play rap for you. I love it. Big-ish. Good. Huh? Huh? Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Nice pizza. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to Angelique. The song is called Soon Enough.


You. if you ever being and When, you I.


don tell me if You, if you tell me if you ever, is it okay if I forgive you?


I'm okay. I want for, can you see me on mud? And honestly I don't. No, this can you on mud open. You Got it. Okay. you know, you know.


Tell me if you feeling every Me and you tell me if you ever thought of being, tell me if you're feeling every in loving me if you could As Angelique Soon Enough Big M four.


Oh Mine is Who Am. I Now by Alina. Is that how you pronounce it? Alayna? Maybe. A Alayna, yeah. We'll see. We'll see The come up and some drops Go hide, some stay behind.


I focus and see my reflection. Some eyes, every time I open.


I used to be someone who could sleep. Play out, Try to find am Every Will That is Alayna.


I think Who Am I Now Record is called you by Journey. Montana You Didn't, you know I love you.


And now In October I'm jumping again.


I'm coming back. This is a, that Was you by Journey Montana Niggas in your, oh what heck, It's time to remind niggas. Yeah. Okay. It's time to remind niggas. Let 'em know you're back outside. Listen, I knew you think I'm laughing. you know I'm one of the biggest Imani fans. It is, I can't wait. I can't wait. I'm enjoy. I know it's some heat on there. Give it to me. It's only three songs, nigga. One of them better be like, I'm not perfect or something. As long as we waited one of them, you might need two. Yeah, you better add a fourth. A bonus Deluxe. A Deluxe three pack That is Heat. No, no, no. It's a project coming right after that. But this is Oh, thank God. A three three before three. Yeah. But I need some morning to get me to the wintertime because that's When.


I killed a little Escalade rides with my girlfriend late night. Ooh, what's this? Ooh, ooh. Armani dropped something new. Oh yeah, that's When I killed the late night prize with an unfamiliar song. Me and my girlfriend. Me and my girlfriend. Yo, you ain't, yeah, yo. Remember when Imani used to send us music? He still sending music. Oh Shit You. He still, he's not friends. Well, you know the musician, he sent it to me to make sure his ear ain't fall all the way up. Yo, this yo Yo So I did this Little dad, this little did lead By. I remember when he used to send me music. I, I'm, I'm gonna send it today. When you.


That's cool. I'll keep it now. I don want the show? That's When. I thought I was falling off. I just started sending the joints to the group chat like, oh, you're killing. Thanks. Thanks. That's just the motivation I needed to keep going. That's all I needed. Niggas, you know. Okay. Oh, it's on me now, right? Yeah, It is. Okay. Lemme show 'em why I make the medium bucks. Let me outro this thing. The which Bucks? Medium? I said Oh, okay. Medium. Alright, but Itch told me 1.8 a month is 20 million. Need a friend no math. Yeah. Nigga. No, I'm coming. I ain't know the dividends. I didn't, I I'm, I'm shooting for it.


I'm shooting now. Oh man, I told you, you playing that. Get back music. I see what you doing. Yo. Yo. Y'all play with Beyonce if you want. I don't know how the new account sat there and said all that shit like the 4 4 4 album don't exist. Our gruin a Best Blacks had to go, had to go get the graveling and fucking Hey Graveling that too. The gravel and the grave. He was on the gravel grovel. One of our favorites had to go say, you know what I was wrong dad. 20 28, 20 year age difference too.


Look how late it took him to figure that out. Yeah. Even when he, even when he, even when he was in that jam up, it was a different level of jam up. It ain't, hey this fucking bum bitch off off a hundred, 233rd and White Plain It is DMing Beyonce with facts. That's, I mean, it's true. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. We heard the album boy. We was like, Oh, Niggas went and watch the Dock. What was that? That HBO shit. Lemonade. Lemonade. Ooh, He's gonna get Thet. Boy, We heard nothing. So before Lemonade came out, yo, how much Apple juice? They think they had a whole mots nigga Little Martinelli.


It were bottles. Gallons. You better know when your girl is DeMar Ellis. Yeah. I And if you don't know No, no, Don't, I'm saying say something misogynistic right now. Say something to rebut to debut. What I what I'm saying, fight what I'm saying. Ahead and say your socials. What is it to Say? I think that that's, I don't think there's nothing to say to that. I think that that's relative. Martinelli's. you know the fat bottle When, you see it? That's relative. See the, you ain't even gotta see the label and that shit, that little jug. It's gonna be the good apple juice here. Yeah.


Nigga don don't know. I just don't know this all. Okay. Don't even sell Martinelli's in the big bottle. If your girl could go in a booth and tell people about what you did, don't do it like make it fire. I ain't talking about like Jocelyn Hernandez. I, I think I just fire. Oh. Oh, I told The Tone. Oh That couch better Shut the fuck up. That couch better shut now I'm crying and baby.


But you Nigga It is, you have no choice but to feel it. Tell me. Oh you What nigga say something about what? don don't know. You just sitting there looking cool. You just looking. You sitting there looking, you looking for some back and forth. No, you stand at me with your hands in your pocket. I'm chilling. She shit. All right. But then nigga Theo said, what you say? Ice, ice officially ice. She went back. Right. Oh my god. I have a rebuttal to that back.


She took him back? Yeah, he went back. It could, it That would went every tour since he went back. Yeah. Couldn't look at it like that. She didn't go nowhere. She was where she was. You the nigga that went somewhere and returned like a Frisbee. Like a boring Justine nigga. He ain't go nowhere. Yes he did. He ain't leave. He went to Becky with a good ear. Alright. And I came back home and guess who was there? When. I came back. No, I let you back. I live here. I let you back in the house. That thought process can me look like So skewed dude. I don't Yeah, don don't like Don don't get it. I don let you back in I don either. Honestly, like today I did whatever I had to do back in. No, no, no. Yeah you let me back in. It worked but whatever.


Whatever I had to do worked. Get Jwan, please continue. Nah, it's just like terrible mil bravado like bro, like we get it. Men's gonna do whatever they're gonna do but don't make it seem like niggas just swinging their dick and they having it their way. Yeah. Niggas do not have it their way. These are not, these are not basic women. We're talking about regardless of what anybody thinks of how Cardi B carries herself or who she was. We did this already. Hold on, hold on circle. I'm not dragging this out. These are not just regular women so we have To bro, stop this. What's a regular woman nigga? Niggas do this for teachers. Y'all niggas keep putting a dollar amount on it.


Niggas do this for they teachers niggas do this for social workers. No they don't. Yes they do. Do you want me to answer? We leaving the teacher for the bitch. We cheater. Do you wrong. We ain't running back to to the You are wrong. Shut up. Bugging who? Back To, To everybody. Niggas not just doing like this ain't these, This is reserved. Sound crazy. Yeah. These are not just if these women Beyonce or Cardi B up and leave and go to another niggas are crushed. We have to cut this out. No And ain't wait. Wait. But even if they not crushed, the rest of your life is different now. Yes. Lemme tell y'all nigga something. You ain't gotta be crushed. Everybody not all set. And JayZ makes a big difference. Nigga niggas married, teachers and social workers. And when they fucking teacher leave they crush too. Y'all keep putting This shit on some money nigga. When a social worker Leaves the Regular nigga that works a regular job, guess what he's doing?


He's losing weight. He's in the corner sitting in the dark. Y'all keep putting a monetary value on somebody's love. I said nothing about money Said you did. You said these is not regular bitches. I didn't say money. I said they're not regular yo dog. No listen. No you're making Money. They human beings my nigga. And everybody's in a relationship and y'all talking about this. What make these Niggas so special that gang ain't Nobody said they, Hey what the fuck are we talking about? Nobody said that They are. Hey, if y'all wanna keep doing this then then remove the phrase, introduce me to a bad bitch and I'll show you a nigga. That's how fucking them. No I agree. Agree With that. All that shit does not matter. I agree with that. It don't matter. But niggas just making it seem like whoa, whoa. The women took them back. That's not what happened. They were Allowed. That's true. What we saying ain't arguing against that.


That's true. Yeah. These niggas don't be tired of fucking them. Tired of committing them, committing to them. They got more They need. Clearly not, they don't be tired of that neither. They know where the home is. I want to be home but I want to stray from time to time and When I get caught straying. Now I have to come back do the Justine, Justine To get, listen, I don't wanna unpack it anymore. Y'all seen that stupid shit offset tweeting right now? Yes. Yes. Okay then we Do all agree that that's stupid, right? Yes. Okay. Thousand percent good. Good, good, good. Oh and you brought the guitarist in nigga you are Solo Wants some shit. Oh, guitar solo means she dead ass. Pack It up.


It's not Gonna age Well. It's not gonna, that's why don don't like a day in between ball. It's not gonna age. That's why I don't like a day in between balls. Yo, keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to keep be there until then. We binge You would do Farewell Adio, Cereba Deje, OTA arvo so long. Goodbye. A simple head. No will suffice. Remember life is a series of moments and moments pass and she will leave you and you'll be on your ass. That's a fact. Be careful out there. Cheat on, cheat on the old that you you willing to watch Walk Out the Door. That's a fact.


That cheat on them. Yeah, That's fact. Play with something safe. That's all. That's a fact. It's my only point to you. There you go. As a as a male led podcast and I'm playing it again nigga. I ain't done talking nigga so stupid. Yo. I ain't done talking goddamn Playing. Maybe I deserve No we ain't take on some sim shit. Yeah, in that song or in general that's No in the song. That's what you Gotta do to come back home. That's what you gotta get to get back home. That's what you gotta do. Yeah. Yeah. Take my man So. I ain't gonna say nothing. There you Go. Because no deserve nigga.


Shoot. Yeah, two of them. I hate it here. Yo. I absolutely hate it Here. One day we'll grow up. Let me make sure I don't have nothing else I need to say. Oh wait, hold up. I gotta say this. Before the pod ended tweeted a week tweeted a week for me. They announced that Brett Fav had Parkinson's. Oh. Somebody quoted it and said you not a crook son. He just a shook one. He just a shook one.


That's fucked up nigga Niggas is Evil. Yo. Yo, that's fun. I'm, I'm sorry. Also if you are still tuning in or if you just now joined us, You're Late. Just go watch what Bernice is doing on Instagram. Please just go take a gander. Huh? Lemme see. I'll show, I'ma show you. Okay. And I'm saying that, realizing that that other girl is really pretty. She is really pretty. That other girl she is. However she stepped out to the next award show. She tore it up. Yeah, maybe the one I seen, I ain't like with the long outfit and how it came with the Longow, the next two award shows. She Really No, no. She stunning Girl with the long and she's, she was killing fast.


She is. She's When. you said that I saw her at that abortion. I didn't like at that abortion. Nah, she beautiful girl. Beautiful girl. Shout to her. That's all I got man. Fun plans for the weekend you guys. Y'all doing anything Ill, I'm just, I'm what? What's wrong with you man? That come on with me tomorrow. come on. I would never say sure we can go Ups. Fuck outta here. I wanna go. We can go out. Let's make it a thing. You not, yo, don't talk to me if you're not dead ass. Don't just say shit to pa me and Jwan. Fuck we do and be out there. So if you down, I'll come to wherever you live away from the water and pick you up.


If you serious about it, I'll pick you up. If It is just there serious, he can meet us there one night. He said he Wanted but act like you know us motherfucker. He act like you know us When, you get there now you're chasing What is that? Now you're chasing. I'm not Just Saying in front of Armani. Now you chasing. He's coming. Don't chase. Oh. Oh alright. Speak for him. He ain. He ain't say Nothing either. So anyways, I'm just gonna break up this little sign. Go ahead. No, go ahead. Go ahead. Silence. Go Ahead. I don't think I have any plans this weekend. My girl or Chyna or something Or something Light. My plans are to make sure that this launch happens on time.


There you go. Oh wait, wait, wait, wait. Min po October 1st. October 1st. Well hopefully, hopefully there there's maybe, maybe, maybe. Wait, wait, wait. Thank you very much for the endorsement. Thank you all for your support and everything like that. But It is date song. It is, It is very complicated to launch album Pushback Possibly. Okay. It's 75, 30 or 25 right now. Whenever the drop we gonna watch. Thank you and thank you all for being supportive. So just wanna let that out there that October 1st May or may not happen. Okay? Okay. Yeah. Okay we got you. But it will be, It'll, it will be very shortly after. That's important to note though because there are people that are anxiously awaiting that date And I thank you guys so much To see what's going on.


So Yes. Yeah, if you don't get it on the first, you'll get it at some point. It's coming. I will sit tight. Sit tight. It's like a government check, like rent nigga. Yeah right. Be there when they get there nigga boy. Nigga pay yesterday. I Hold it down. Everybody have a safe weekend. We got through a pod without a rest in peace. Hopefully that trend can continue. No We didn't. No we didn't. No we didn't. Marc Marcellus Williams. Oh rest in peace. Marcellus Williams. Wow. Maybe next week. Yeah. And rest in peace. Marcellus Williams. Yes. Chris is family too. That's gotta be rough to go through.


Right. Yo right here real quick. Reginal, Vel Johnson came out and said he was not fucking Puff. He just wanted to be clear. Said they might know this says Christ would A way to end the pond. Nah, ain't no end none. That is our Patreon episode. Who? Right. Carl wins. Winslow says Carl Winslow. Winslow Carl Winslow. He was like don don't know that man. Yeah, I never met him. I don't know him. Good luck to him. I wasn't fucking him though. Why they ask me that That Is so fucked up. Did y'all see that nigga walking here? Oh God. Like And that was, I've seen him without baby oil. All Carl Winslow is the last nigga I'm pulling out my baby oil for and drenching him. Especially if the baby oil is really drugs. You got that Fent in the baby oil.


I ain't wasting that shit on Carl Winslow. Are you? Shit A loose Carl Winslow might Turn up. Not at all. Ooh. Alright. Thank y'all for listening to my irresponsible broadcast. We will be back at some point. Same time, same place. You Go straight to this. Tell me about, tell me about your man. It's My man. My man. My man. Who? My man. My man was Last. You and your mans When. I was young. If she liked my man, we jumped. My man played gay. That's My man a lot of those times. Was your man from Newark? He told the Story too. My man. My man says this is my man. My man. You my man. Like my uncle.


Listen nigga. Yeah. What man saying I don. Oh man, yo is my man. One person man. It is bad niggas. Right. You always highlighting your man and what and what connection they got into the world. My man used to, his fa family owned a wine company. You got a lot of prestigious my man. That's good man. Yeah. It is you My man. Yo without the my your man ever say nigga that ain't had a story.


Once.