
I mean, I mean, the biggest shit. The biggest Shit. What, what more is it to start with? Is Joe Biden alive? Maybe? Yes. I think he's alive. Yeah, I don't know. I think he's alive. I I think he's gonna address you. It's The weaken to Bernies kind of situation. Nice. Yeah. No, I think this is, no, I think he's alive. Yeah. Yes. I'm gonna say Laer. I think this is, I saw this play out on Scandal before. Mm. Did this happen on 24? Yes. Yeah. This happen on Scandal Four. Don't try to jam me up. I'm not, I'm just asking to jam me up. Did this happen on 24? I never watched it. I was, I was a House of Cards fan That that whole announcing I'm dropping out on Twitter.


Yeah. Was just weird to me. Like, do You just believe anything? Yeah, I do, but I also believe there's a lot of bullshit too. Oh, for sure. Where do you think he should have addressed that or said it With a, With the Two Flags Press conference. With the press Conference? Yeah. Like a state of the Union kind of situation. Yeah. Say something that nobody's seen you. Is he planning to do one? Mm, no one has seen you See where you're going Ice. Is he planning to Do one? And he canceled his, his scheduled all his scheduled appearances for the week. Well he said he had Covid. Yeah, He has To, but he has to. I know, I know. I got it. I know he has to do that Chop shop in Jersey City told me they ain't seen my car all week.


I just walked away. As at the time of this recording, there's something going around saying that he will be addressing addressing the nation at 8:00 PM At the time before this recording for for months now they've been showing you pictures and videos of him looking like he got movie, movie plastic over his face. And it hiding. They've been talking about body doubles and all types of shit on the YouTube rabbit hole. But I'm not gonna acknowledge that right now. Any further. No, but the CO line sounds nuts. After clearing your schedule after niggas tried to assassinate a former president and missed After transferring power to certain things, And it, transferring to the secretary, like it is just not, it just, it just don't look right.


And, It make you look at it a little different. Did y'all have been just kind of, For lack of a better term, weaken at Bernie ing him all around? What made y'all think that this guy was up for any of that? If they're reporting, if the reports are true that he's now in hospice or hospice is at his shit, like why would y'all think that he was healthy enough to run around in the campaign? And why did it take America to look at you on TV and say, Hey big dog. Hey big dog. Something is going on here. It just is funny. It just all looks funny. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah, that's it. It looks like a spoof. That's all I have to say. I Will, can I just say if he actually is sick and at that point it is some courageous shit to be able to still step out like that.


Like I, me personally, if I'm sick at to that degree knowing that I'm about to be in hospice or that, the last thing I'm thinking is I wanna step out to the nation and have to address them knowing I'm a slur and do all that shit. So, I, I. Give them that respect for that. But it is sick. It is sick to think that the country would put a man out there that looks Like, I mean there's one way to look at it. There's one way to look at it. True. And then what's the other way, or I mean you stood just sick ass in front of and acted as a barrier between a black woman being, being elected as the president and whatever your fucking plan was, you stood in the middle of that as a sick person. Well, not really. How not? So, Because she wasn't, you know, Kamala was not the only option.


There was another option. The option was for, you know, the D NNC is scheduled for next month. So the other option was for them to have an open convention where there are several, you know, possibilities for nominees and they basically duke it out. Well that, but wait, that's going, that's going into what I'm saying. If you saying that that takes place next month, right? Yeah. So I, I'm saying that, so I'm saying he didn't stand, he didn't necessarily stand in her way. There was more than just her as an option. He did stand in the way if, if what we know to be true today has been true for the last eight to nine months. Right. But it's two things in that one, he ain't in control, so he can't stand in the way they'll move that nigga out the way he can resign.


That's one. Well, I'm, they'll resign him. But I'm just saying if, if he's that sick, that's Their, but they, and they didn't. But that's what I'm Saying. And then number That might not, I'm not trying to say he's in control. Yeah, yeah. Whoever's in control did not resign him. And up until maybe three weeks ago, a month ago, he was saying, nah, I'm nobody's budging. Nobody's budging me outta, I'm Running. But then this is what I heard too, don don't know how true it is. Refer to the tag in the front. They said that because they've raised so much money and people donated money under the Biden Biden administration run. You can't just discard him. Shit. Yeah, because now you gotta get these people they money back. Like if I'm Don, if I'm, I'm a donor to the Joe button fund and now Joe Button is not the head of the fund, nigga.


That's what I was giving my money to. So they said it was a slippery slope on how they allocate the Fund would like to be a donor to the Joe button fund. I think I do donate. He It's cool Though. Maybe you do. Alright. So I don't like that Friday movie book, But the what? Friday movie? Nothing. I'm talking shit. Go ahead. But no. So supposedly it's like a, a a, a fine line on how they could allocate the funds that was already donated. So they can't just get the Biden Kamala Harris ticket away. Go give Parks. Yeah, because I'm not even, I'm not even talking about the ticket. If he's this sick, you can't run the country. Like there is a amendment, the 25th amendment that they can invoke that the president is not capable of doing his job.


Competent. Yeah. But then now it is where the vice president, and this is with Joe's Point comes in now, valid That in, in that instance, the vice president now takes over. Now you're going to elect this black woman to be the president of the United States. It's not even election though. That's what I'm saying. True. I mean, well, she takes over for now. There's still an election. You still have to go through the rest of the process. Correct. If he's this sick, somebody, either they parading him around, they hiding it, whatever the case may be, this shit just don't look right. Discussed. But in the past, the only this, the circumstances in which the vice president has taken over has only been after the president was killed. The 25th Amendment has never been used as a reason to, you know, remove somebody who's already, who's in office. So like, but, But there were presidents that prior to going, undergoing the surgical procedure, transferred power just in case something happened.


Yeah. Like if, if he's this bad and they know it, he can't be running the country. But then Also perception is reality. And so the Democrats have been trying to, you know, create a perception around him that he is still capable and he's still cognitive. Cognitive and he's still, you know, able to continue to do his job because he's been president for the last four years. So what was the alternative? Step down. So we can have an open convention or give it to Ka like Yes. Yes. I, I think People sense, I think people would've respected that shit way more. I agree. Yeah. Right. I agree. But the opposite of him going up here on camera, you calling people the wrong name. It's clear that you ain't right. I think that the Whole world saw that. The Whole, I think his cognitive abilities, like, it, it, they really started to decline extremely quickly because This state, state of the union, I think last year was actually pretty good.


Yes. That's what I'm saying. But at that point, if he's really having, I don't want to diagnose, but let's just say it's a matter of like dementia or something, something of that level. I wouldn't really expect him to be able to make those decisions for himself. Period. So Don don't wanna put too much blame on him. 'cause it sounds like he really just does not have any control of what's going on in his mind and body. Anything at this point. Yeah. So, I don't, I don't really trust for him to make the sound decision period at this point for nobody. No, not even for himself. It's a shit show. Yeah. That's literally a shit show. I just know to the rest of the world. We look crazy right now. Yeah, we do. We look crazy for quite some time. Yeah. But is we at the peak of it?


But as, as as that superpower, It's a reality show. Exactly. Yeah. And guess who we going to get? The reality Shaar. Yeah. America. Or what'd you call him? The reality star? Yeah. Well I got really quiet. We have, we have. Don't do This. Get quiet shit When. you start talking Politics talk. You can say something. What would you like me to say? An opinion. Don, don't talk politics. Boy, You did a lot of talking on that state. Nevermind. You ready? Yo, y'all two.


No, I, But the things, the things that I have said publicly, while they may be political talking points for me is they're just human decency issues. So, I. Don't So I don't view me. When I. Start talking about women's reproductive rights. I think that's a human decency issue. If somebody is on the other side of that argument, I too am not trying to coerce them to think what I, what I think. I think that's when we start getting political to each its own. When people go in that booth, it's just them in that booth. I know where I stand on it based in my, on my experience and the women in my life.


Nothing about that for me is political. Later on, we're gonna talk about the, the, the woman that was murdered in her kitchen with the, with the boiling. With the boiling. So Sonya Massey. Yeah. We're gonna talk about her later on. For me, it's not a political issue. When I. Think about When I when, when When I think about what the police and all of the entities involving can do with blanket immunity and lack of ability to protest and so forth and so on. I know that that's not political for me. It's Not pollution, it's Not for me. When they start talking about the erasure of black history in schools, I don't think I'm talking politics.


So I mean When. I say I don't talk politics. I don't know all about all of the party's agendas who done ran for governor, where, who done moved up the rank over here. What legislation, I don don't know all of that. There's a lot of duct tape over there. But as a human, I know where I stand on things. Yeah. And you, you should, you should feel comfortable speaking on the things that you would like to see happen as a human while also understanding some of those things are gonna fall into political agendas. So even though you might not feel like you, you talk in politics, you are and decide, depending on who you pick as a candidate or not, just on a high level, on the local level, is gonna determine where you fall in line politically.


I, I see, I disagree. I think that I think that we get so caught up in party tics as opposed to politics. I agree. you know what I'm saying? So if a republican person's agenda aligns with my agenda, I'm not gonna say Yo, I'm just democrat. So. I wouldn't vote for Parks because he was a Republican. Even though he's saying all this fly shit, I think that's nuts. You get what I'm saying? Like I just think that that's crazy. So if a Republican candidate ran and they said the things that I liked to hear, I would vote for that person. I wouldn't be They wouldn't make you identify. Yeah. Like I, yeah, I'm, yeah. But you know how rare that is Ish to, well not saying it's 'cause maybe our experiences are different, but from my experience in speaking to people, especially when it comes to politics, it, it's literally a matter of teams.


Teams program and feeling. Like the minute you start to talk about something, it's someone pushing a party to you. And the minute that you express I don't have a party, you're almost like downside outcasts or outcasts like Well no you have to, you especially When, you pick aside, especially when we're speaking to, to black culture, it's very rare you get into a room where you're gonna have a group of black people that lean on the Republican side that I've experienced. I'm not talking for anybody else. In my experience, in my experience, When. I sit in a room with a bunch of black people. Typically the room likes to vote Left. See for me that's not a reality. Well that's 'cause you got Money. No. That's not true. No, that's not true. It is a reality. It's a joke. I said for me that's not, I'd be in rooms that are all black And.


it can be majority Republican. Yeah. I Know a lot of black folks that love Donald Trump and they don't necessarily be rich. No. It's a wave and it's trendy recently. No, but That's it is. But that's, I just talked about some of the hardship that you go through in learning that some of your closest friends are on the other side of the fence. That's true. Especially the first election. This one. So not so much like in, and his popularity is growing. My thing is just When I talk to somebody. It's, it's like anything, we can have a business conversation and I can say Yo, why? And I'll just throw Yo. Why do you wanna do that? You wanna open the subway? Tell me why. Mm. My frustration will come when they can't talk and they'll just shoot out blanket statements.


Yo with Trump. We getting the bag? Yeah, no you're not. Show me how Or with Trump, da da da. Or with anybody forget. A lot Of times it'd just be this Showmanship, it'd be shit that they heard somebody. Exactly. The regurgitation that they're regurgitating as a justification for doing. I've had arguments with people for the last two months and they be talking shit and I'm like, Yo fam Yo. Yeah because the ta you don't even pay taxes Talking Times. Sorry. You get what I'm saying? Like some of the justifications that they'll use, they don't make sense. And so that's When I. I'm like taking aback if you say Yo, I did. I like this, I like this, I like this. And you start talking policy. Cool. I'm gonna respect that. We could just stand on two different sides.


But When, you just start saying Yo. I think LeBron is better 'cause it's LeBron. Yeah, But it that's what I'm, that what I'm saying is It can't even be funny during this po. No, no. What Is that? They wouldn't let it ride. They kept talking. What is it? Stop talking over the beat nigga. Hey, He is looking at a video. I think it's a compilation of Kamala dancing. Don don't need you to talk through my producing. You don't talk. No other time. Is He saying Koon, right? Yes, he is Koon in for At the coon.


I thought it went with it's just point. That's all. Okay. It's tough to produce. Yeah. Anyway. I mean, I mean, you know he endorsed Kamala, right? She raised 88 million in 24 hours. Did No, I Was just gonna say, who's he Joe? They say Biden endorsed Kamala. Yeah. Do we know that he did that? Alright, come. Alright. No, I'm dead serious. That's the part of the problem. It like he did and she raised the most money in 24 hours. She made history. Oh shit. Playing. No, no, I'm sorry. That wasn't Go ahead. She made history. And you know my question is to the room is how do you guys feel about this? About Kamala Harris? I think that this is being the front runner. This is AI And we've been talking. It is so good to hear our president's voice.


Joe, I know you're still on the, on the call and we've been talking every day. You probably, you guys heard it from Doug's voice. We love Joe and Jill. We really do. They truly are like family to us. Where are we? And we did everybody here though. It's neutral. I knew you were still there. You're not Going anywhere. You knew it, huh? Joe? I'm watching you kid. I'm watching you kid. I love it. I love you Joe. I'm playing it again. Of course. The internet people pointed out her sounding like she was saying recovery. Recording. Recording. Oh, recording. Oh, instead of call. It is so good to Hear.


Even this preface is a little interesting Joe. I know you're still on the, on the call and we've been talking every day. You probably, you Guys, you have not been talking to Joe Biden every day. We love Joe and Jill. We really do. They truly are like family to us. Isn't they got a gun? I knew You there you not going anywhere. I love you. Hey Ken. Hey. Hey. This ain't gonna work on no black people. All our grandparents don't know our names no more and don't know what we look like. Definitely don't know how to FaceTime.


Hell no. Yeah. Who are you getting? What's your name now? Joe Biden. Just know who that is on the phone. Get the fuck outta here. I'm not rolling with this. I'm, I'm not rolling. I'm not rolling with that. Sorry. But she raised a whole lot of money. She did. She did. She raised the most money ever in the first 24 hours of of, what was it? 81 million. 88. 88. 88 million. God damn. She going to, I knew Bible was gonna back out. What? I took that bag. See they're moral high ground. You. Damn.


I Integrity. Shit is over. You would've read That would reply to the email. Right? Another drink. This is nuts. Yo. Alright, well again, my vote is up in the air. Don't know which way I'll go win win. It's a scale. Yo don don't talk politics. But I mean you can't really escape it. You can't, you can't really escape it. You can. Yeah. Not this year. Not this today. This is, this is nuts. You can't escape this. So, Amani, before we move on, can I hear your thoughts about Project 2025? No. Okay. don don't really know what that is. No. Can I hear your thoughts on it? The worst thing I've ever, the worst document I've ever read.


Hmm. Explain why. Wow. Scariest thing ever for black people. And I don't want the tone in my, my voice to fuck nobody up out there. Let's lighten the mood a little bit please. Yeah. We only got about six more months of fun. Yeah. Watch. Yeah. Nah, Shit. She getting ready to get real. you know That. I mean at least it feels that way out there. It Does. Yeah, it does. I'm Glad that we potentially at least have someone that's not See now to have these debates and be in this Election that, yes. So it's not gonna Be a complete circus. I'm looking forward to not being the oldest shit that I've ever watched on TV besides the Golden Girls. Actually they were younger. You think you're gonna debate her Hell?


yeah. Yeah. She's gonna have to. What? It's gonna be prime time tv. It is going to be Prosecutor versus a felon. Sounds fun. I ain't, Yeah. Yeah, It does sound good. That sound like when a dude and presume innocent had to take the stand Rusty. Like when Rusty had to take the stand for himself, it sounds juicy. Hey, one thing America gonna do is kill the storyline. America's team of writers when they go get in the room and start coming up with the next season of America. Yeah. They Official embody this shit. They Gonna smoke it. They don't play. Man, that shit is a number one. Drama. Drama. Comedy. Comedy, comedy. Drama. Drama. Films. Drama. Scifi. Suspense.


Yeah. Comedy. Yeah. And I ain't gonna hold you Trump make it easy. He do. He give you captions. He he give you bars That nigga the what? He's the greatest. Not at all. Not he in the good. He's the worst greatest man. No, sometimes the worst way. So Trump will give you some bars. I ain't gonna hold you shit. Say some fly shit sometimes. Oh man. You're not gonna beat them obligations bro. Definitely not a Trump fan. Flip side, it Too, you said he say, he say fly shit. I agree with it. Shit for Real Audience. I don't know which way this podcast leans politically because I feel like it's everybody's own business. Like don don't ask. But, and any given week, this should sound different. True Yo of anybody up here vote Trump you firing him?


No. Yeah. Why? Why would you? It's happening. That's nonsense. You guys gotta stop, stop judging people off their political views. That's nonsense to me. My mother's the same way. I hate that She, any reason you gotta judge somebody? You should judge me. No. Oh, sorry. No. My man king face rest in peace. He, he was a Trump supporter. And. it didn't change my relationship with him. Him and my mom got into it. She didn't want em at the house because that's nonsense to me. I told her the same thing. You shouldn't judge your friends or family based off their political views. That's, that's crazy. Where's the love that you had initially for one another? Yeah, but it's happening though. Oh, it First, that should We up last election. And I, and I disagree that rare hat alone was ending friendships.


I disagree Too. That's that's ridiculous. It is ridiculous. I agree With you. It depends. It depends. Views is your views Like Yeah but if your views, well it Depends on how hard body you go with certain views. No, it depends on what views hard You standing on the side, we gonna take it far away over there. That's I I normally can do if, if somebody's political affiliation says some just outlandish shit and you support that. I'm gonna look at you a certain way. Y'all say whatever I wanna say. Oh yeah. Okay. So I got the cliff notes version of Project 2025. Since this is the conversation piece that is going around and this is the Republican's agenda.


This is what they hope to, you know, accomplish within the first 180 days of Trump being in reinstalled back in office. We Up the ether beat. We should probably put the Ether beat because this is, you know, for real, this kind of makes me a little nauseous. Okay. So they wanna eliminate the Department of Education. They wanna use public funds to pay for private religious schools. Encourage Christian indoctrination through public schools, dismantle civil rights and DEI protections in all levels of government. Eliminate no fault divorce. So no fault divorce is where you don't, both parties don't really have to give a reason for the divorce. And they Republicans feel like this is No we need that.


This Is, yeah This is, that's what I mean. This is, this is more of a problem for men than it is for women because women initiate something like 69% of divorces. But oh see now I'm jumping in here to say I'm against this as a human I think that niggas need to reserve the right to wake up and look at their partner and say Enough's Enough. Yeah, We're done Mama don. Don't wanna be enough of your raggedy ass in the bathroom. And I just listen the roster, the potential rosters out there have updated it. This don't look as funny as it once did. But With no don Don't feel like that's a political Thing. Women should be able to get tired of they chick and boogie the 25 5 and The Republicans wanna to change that so that you wouldn't be able to boogie.


That's Fucked up. Yeah. No. Okay. So again, I. don, don don't like that. That shit Black men wanna be able to boogie. We don't wanna get out there. We Definitely wanna Okay. White too. Come on. Come on Dick. Go along. Including clean up. Clean Up. When the whites join the electric slide. Now we They come get it. Hey You can See Well a white man, A white man invented the electric slide. Oh shit. Oh Here we go. I Know you been what? Talking about he did and I interviewed him. I keep telling y'all man Flip. Stop trying to get shine off the electric slide nigga Rick Silva. He invented the electric slide. Tell Rick to Get his ass outta here. Yeah, tell Rick don't nobody give a fuck about what he said. Yo Yo Yo doc. Dr Na Smith invented basketball.


Yeah, exactly. Exactly. You believe That one, you can't shoot Steph Currys. Yeah, I'm telling y'all again. Let's get Rick Schmitz. What's the nigga name? Rick Sitz. It was Rick. Rick sch the electric slide. You can Foot when we done this Australia, fuck when we done this. Google it. Rick s Silver created the electric slide. No we don't care. We don't Care though Don care. We don't Give a fuck. Stop stealing white people's shit. We Took it from him. Nigga do something Rick. They stole enough Of our shit. Yeah, I'm down with y'all. Do you think he got the rhythm? Are you though? I mean that's what this election year is showing us. Yeah, we gotta see who's down in the way. Yeah, see Marcus Garvey on your chest. Yeah, I see one piece of shit. Shit. Mel. I'm sorry you were Saying. No worries.


It's okay. So total ban on abortions regardless of viability or health of the mother. Nah, I fuck with that. I Ban all contraceptives You those Shit outta luck after That's contraceptive condoms and Birth control pills. I stand with the Republic. Wait, wait. Slow down Contraceptives birth control pills. I uud rid Dip Rid. They Wanna get rid Of everything. They, I gonna have to get a shit reversed. Wait, you can't, I'm against the Republicans on that one. Wait, wait that mean I gotta get my shit reversed. Don don't know if vasectomy grandfather are considered I'm grandfather. Nah, nah, I grandfather. I got the at t playing. There you go. There you go. One step ahead of the whole fucking program. All right. Ban African American and gender studies in all levels of education.


That's, They've been doing that. They've been doing that. They're trying to know that they've done it on a state wide level. They trying to do it more so. Nah, nah, I'm not with that. Ain't with that. I'm not with that. Ammani Tax cuts for major tax cuts for major corporations in 1% while increasing taxes on the rest of the population. Hey Joe. What? Where you at? Where you at on that one? Justin? Answer that one. I. think that's wrong. I. think that's wrong Now that's fucked up. That's fucked up. How they gonna do that word? How they gonna give the companies and the corporations like tax benefits and make everybody else pay more? That's not foul. Take your shade. Foul. That's flagrant. It's fucked up. That's flagrant. You can't see your eyes though. You can't see your eyes. True. You ain't gotta see my eyes. Listen Joe Button believes on the taxes. Hey When, you make enough.


You won't think about it. Okay, I'm gonna run through a bunch of the, Because this should stay on my mind. Hey Yo, Yo, shout the Corey's over here telling Mel to keep reading to get off the subject. You don't want you on the phone. You real nigga Corey. Corey like Mel. There's some funny shit in here. Like they wanna raise the retirement age. They wanna raise what They wanna raise the retirement age. It's What is it 65 now, right? I you Know, 65, they wanna raise like 70. I'm an entrepreneur. I don. Entrepreneurs don't give a fuck about that. Yeah we don't get, Hey we good. Yeah, They wanna eliminate social security for the elderly and disabled. That's fucked up. They wanna promote capital punishment and the speedy finality of such sentences.


Damn grandma, I'm on the left. Hold on. Grandma gonna buy that Briers. Hold on. you know grandma need that Briar. Some niggas might need to fry quicker than others. Nah, that's not True. But here's the problem with that. Here's the problem with that is do you see how many people are getting out of jail because they've been wrongly accused in the Innocence Pro. So that's why that kind of creates a little Bit. You're right. Little Sticky situation. You know, come on home. Think about if they're at Central Park Five, you know what I'm saying? Think about Central Park five Ammani. You're right that your man wrote that they weren't on de they killed, took you with Ammani and Delicious. Don't give a fuck. Do that man.


Money. Delicious man. D that's my girl. Shout Delicious. So they wanna dismantle the FBI and Homeland Security. They wanna use military to break up protests. That's crazy. Banning Bug Did that last time he was there. That's Crazy. He did he Yeah. He was like, just shoot 'em, you know, and they were like, well we literally can't do that. But yeah, forcing immigrants to be deported or held in camps and and Birthrights citizenship. So all the Oh that the birthrights part is fucked up. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So Come home, Lamar Banning Muslims from entering the country. Oh Come home ice. Wait, hold on. I Don that we got them. Come on.


Dismantling the FDA, the EPA, the NOAA and more. So this is What the fuck they can do with all this bread. I'm not mad. I'm not mad at that. I ain't really that big. I'm not mad at at that Shit. Which one is the NOAA? Yeah. don Don't know what that is. Which one is that? Once I learn who they are, I can learn where I stand on this matter. Yeah. Okay, hold on. Let me see what the n Keep going Big man. You said the NOI Nigga. African American. Okay, so it's the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Oh that's Need that we need them. I like Some air. I fuck air. Well also the EPAs Aman them the Water. Water. Well also the environment. So they wanna to dismantle the EPA, which is the Environmental Protection Agency.


So they wanna roll back all of the, you Know, now we need that. That's Winnie the pool and them niggas that be protecting the forests. Yeah. Smokey the shit Rock Is smokey Drilling I don protect that shit anyway. But that's what they don't believe in global warming and all that shit. No, They don't believe in climate change or global warming whatsoever. Are you a Christian? Oh Shit, I'm not anything. He's a Catholic. You you Cory? I was ba no, I was baptized, Baptized, Baptized Catholic By Rebecca. Me too. Me too. Yeah, that's a movement. So Are you Agnostic right now? Now she had that wet, I believe that babysitter again. Yo. We talked about that on Patreon. Out the main po don't don't expose my my traumas to your main pod.


Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, atheist. No, I'm not an atheist. No. I believe in a higher power. I just don't believe in Religion. So agnostic. There you go. So what diagnostic agnostic. Yeah. What he diagnosed. Mel. What's up? What do you think about all these things? Where do you stand? Are you down with us? I'm, I like what you said earlier where you, where you would vote with your moral code and your values rather than party affiliation. All right. Take my shit. Oh, So everything I'm also, everything I was saying and that he took and spun on Here. It Yes and yes. Yes. Not today. They're not trick me today. So you vote for Kamala Harris if you Get, if she yes, if she is the, if she is the candidate.


Yes. If I could vote. Why are you making faces? I want to hear what you, you, you've been kind of quiet my nigga. Are you voting for Kamala Harris as well? I've not heard Kamala Harris speak yet. Got it. I'm just, I'm just interested in what YI would, I would like for them to give us some other options though. Like if like the Open convention Convention it be other options. Hold on. Wait, wait, wait. It would be hypocritical because in 2015, Kamala Harris, she didn't take a position for a private investigator investigate for private investigators to investigate police and shooting civilians. So if you vote for her and we were just talking about the, I we need, i, I need a little bit more information than just, we were just talking about the lady done some fuck shit, the hearsay. And we were talking about she's a prosecutor. She's got, she's got some shit. She's done some fuck shit. Well We do remember that she ran for presidency before.


Right. And she lost Really? And she was getting killed, Killed by that lady, the Indian lady. I'm assuming I don know if These campaign trails And, and didn didn't say that in these debates. So, well it was a, when she's been last, last, last election, She, she ran, she was a Democratic nominee That that lady bent her mic. She bent her mic mad. She said, listen, she coulda handled home I don dunno what she gonna do. But when, when the Supreme Court Now homegirl was nice to Celine Dion, looking to When the Supreme was nice, when the Supreme, when the Supreme Court ruled that it was 2011 constitutional rights for over, for overpopulated or oversized prisons, whatever the word is. She, she didn't wanna let the non offenders out.


She didn't wanna let the non-violent offenders out. So y'all rock with Trump's moral compass more than, no I Don't, nah, don don't rock with nobody. Moral compass. I just feel like Trump is funny. Okay. Just checking. So you, Trump is cool. You voting, you voting for him because he funny. You said he cool. I mean I I I'm not voting for nobody. I'm not voting. You gotta vote. Well, I don't have to. Well, I'm a felon. No vote Is a vote for the Oppressor. Yeah. I'm a felon. I'm a felon. So I can't vote. But actually they got a program now that get you your voting right now. Hey, you're lying. How you know I'm lying? You're lying. I caught with a gun in two th I'm a felon. I can't vote. You Ain't busting it nigga. Ain't shit. Ain't nigga. It sound like it was loaded. Caught with a gun.


You ain't busted at the end of the day alive painted that little orange shit black on. At the end of the day, you niggas, all you, I'm I with you. I'm not voting. I'm you, you niggas wanna sound good to the public. You can't really stand on what you stand for. A lot of you niggas believe in what Trump be saying and the tax breaks and all that bullshit. He be saying y'all niggas be talking about it off camera. But don don't do that. Whoever, whomever, whoever don't do you lying nigga, if that shit, if that shit that had fit wear it. But I can't say nothing because that's the stick that that's the shit that flip does. Right. He comes here and bring behind the scenes information on camera. So I'm just saying a lot of you niggas is for, for the camera and I'm gonna go along with it. Mm. Period. So Kamala Harris, Democrat, And, it is Democrats, we got him.


You won't vote. 'cause you know, we know we talked about it earlier and respect who Won't vote Respect to you. He's not Voting. Oh no he Voting. No, he voting. But you Voting That's where me and Amani don't the line. No, what I was saying to you earlier is that the only reason you won't say publicly because you know you don't wanna 'cause Pops family, you don't play when the comes You think I'm voting 'cause I'm scared of my dad. Yes. No, don don't think you voting 'cause you're scared of your dad. But I I if You, if you wait, flip, flip, flip. Don't skip over. No, no, no. Hold on. Wait. If you was voting for Trump, you wouldn't say it. 'cause how pops feel you a nigga that Really loved your parents. I do too. But you know, you, I, if I would vote with the child you wouldn't wanna disappoint Pops. I would, I would 100% say it on the airwaves, but I would've a talk with my parents first. Okay. Wouldn't you know your parents would be disappointed in you?


I I would. I I could see that. Yeah, but Don't say That. would You still be able to walk around with the bud name after doing that? Yeah, I think your dad 100% will come up here and go crazy. I could possibly lose it bro. If You, if you even thought it was possible for you to vote for Trump. Yeah, well you gotta put a taper on that. 'cause I'm the real Joe button. Oh, you about to fuck you up. Pop be here. Pop be here man. Right. I'll be listening now too. I'm sorry. Yeah, I take it back. I Yeah, but You but you I'll take it back. I'll take it back. Yeah, but you but you don't think, I think just ignorantly deciding to not vote is just irresponsible. You don't think there also is power in the statement of saying I'm withholding my vote because I don't believe that this race Either party no means anything.


No. Okay. No don don't. Because I think there is power in withholding You can also vote. Just not vote in the main election. Well, no don don't. No, no. So, so my statement is, or independent or something. I voting in this process every year that I voted and I've only been voting for the past four elections. So every time that I voted I 1% took the time to concentrate on the local thing. That's the same thing I would do this year. I just would not check a ballot for that. 'cause I just don't believe and, and I'm also the person, When I go in. If I don't know enough about the person who's, I'm not going to hit anything. I just don't wanna give a blind vote. My beef with that is what are the next steps. Like it's a bunch of people just running around saying, saying the words, but what is the action to the plan?


And you know, I'm, I believe in that. I believe in a black people need to be a united front and have millions and millions and millions and millions of names on standby to negotiate at the table. So now if somebody that says, Hey, I'm withholding my vote, I've amassed X amount of names on this petition and I'm going to the White House or the Supreme Court is somewhere next week, then okay, I see you. But all of that, I'm just withholding my vote and the game is still being played the way it's being played. That's why When I asked me whatever he asked a couple pos ago, I was like, well I, I see them running concurrently. Like yes we need to do something to buck the system. Yes. We also need to make our presence felt, I believe at the booth.


Well so that they see us too many times. It's like the census, the government got these these things in play where because of our history here we are a little paranoid about but maybe sometimes it's needed like census. So when the census come we really should be taking it. So we throw that shit away so they can account for it. But none, nobody I know does the census. That's true. That's true. We've even put dog, I even talked about on here before, we all duck jury duty. Jury duty is really, really, really important. Like, we'll duck jury duty 'cause we don't want to go but Then we bitch about how don't get a fair shake unfairly we are being treated in court. It's a real big thing. Yeah. But I also think by voicing Yo, I want to withhold my vote.


I also feel like I'm opening up the conversation for someone who can tell me what I can do moving forward. Like if I'm just sitting around and not having these conversations with someone and not expressing that don don't know what to do with my vote. There could be someone out there who can say to me, okay cool. This is what we do. Like I like I love hearing killing Mike. Yeah, but you're drawing up the play with a second on the shot clock though. And isn't that what Ice Cube did? And everybody like kind of just handed him his ass for That. He went well that's exactly what He did. He said more, he gave more reasoning why? He just said that he feels like us as blacks, we blindly just vote Democrat instead of holding our vote hostage saying Yo, what are you proposing for us? What are you proposing for us and Then we are, you know what?


But that's what I'm saying. But though, but if I feel like I would never even be open to having that conversations with someone because they don't know where I stand. They just probably assume that I'm just gonna vote how I vote. And as someone who's at this point this election confused, I'm confused. Same. And I'll be honest, I'm not even sitting here saying I wouldn't vote for Kamala. I just don't know enough about her at this point. Yeah. That's why confident That's I think they dropped the ball. I think that over the last four years you Didn't Build a anybody. Yeah, anyone can see Biden elected rapport with her health was declining. We didn't see her bro. You can see his health was declining. So I think they should have had her on more national stages. I agree with seeing that. Agree with that too. Seeing like, you know, we, we, we especially being black and being young and being urban.


Parks ain't black but Parks is a urban male. Even though he from Elmira, like Yo dog, we resonate with charisma, we resonate with somebody's personality. I agree. We don't know her from a can of paint. We seen her do the electric col lot at Howard. Alright cool. We seen that Then. we did it Joe. Yeah, we seen her since. And you haven't seen her or heard from her since And I think they dropped the ball with that. We don't know what we getting. I think they will be putting the press On obviously now. Oh Yeah, of course. Full court course. Full court. Full court. But for a lot of people it's too little. I mean we, like you said, not shit goes out there. Shit. Like he said, he's at you had you join up the play with one second on the shot clock him. I'm going to, we had the Obama speech writer also, Also without knowing anything about Kamala or Trump.


Right. And we do, but We know stuff a little bit. We do. But without knowing anything about either party or where whatever side people lean on. My dad has been talking about this election at, at the least for 8 10, 8 to 10 years. There are people out there that feel like this is the most important election ever because of the seats in the house and how that's a 40 and 50 and 60 year job. You mean the, You mean the, not The house. I mean Supreme Court. The Supreme Court seats. So my dad has been on this looking at people's life expectancy for years in advance. So this is like judgment, a judgment day election for a lot of people without getting into what each party Represents.


Bro. That's what they was saying back when Obama was in office. It was like, what's the, the Supreme Court Justice Ruth Ginsburg. Ginsburg, Bader Ginsburg. They were saying because she was getting up in age, they were telling her, Hey look, Step aside, Resign so that he can appoint someone to fill that seat. Didn't do it. And you passed during Trump's run. We've Heard the, I'm just, we've heard, we've heard that statement been said before. It might really be true at this point, but we've heard that before. So that's Not the risk. The risk is too great to dismiss it. Yes. No, no, I agree. The risk, the risk, the risk is way too great to ignore it and say we've heard it before. And. it might be propaganda is all. And listen, I want to, I want to not preface 'cause we out. Yeah. We yeah, but I, this ain't my bag at all this political talk.


Yeah. I mean, me Neither. This is not my preferred cup of tea and, and and I'm gonna be information gaining up until day of. Yeah, that's true to, to be perfectly honest with you. And I, I just think too also we can close it out if you want, but everybody makes mistakes. you know what I'm saying? Like true everybody, all of us have done some bullshit. So if you go back to say Yo, and I'm not trying to justify what she did 'cause you know I got friends that's locked up for life but she did some bullshit when she was the prosecutor. Joe Biden has done bullshit when he, he's they got him on, he probably looked at us like the scum of the earth in the eighties.


Congressional hearings and shit like in the eighties. you know what I'm saying? Trump, if you go look at his past, he's done and said some bullshit. I just think you gotta listen to what the people are saying today and make an informed decision. I don't want to go back to when X, Y, Z did some shit when he was 24 years old and he's 45 years old and you used that as a character. Re you convinced For today. You convinced me. You convinced me. Lemme tell you what I said back. I was 100% in the mindset that I'm not voting when we had the election that was gonna be Trump and Biden. I'm going to take that back and give this woman or any other candidate possible a chance. And that at that point, if I feel comfortable, I I 100% will go on oppose and vote for someone.


I think that's the most responsible. That's Responsible on adult. I agree. That's an adult. I agree with that. I agree with that. That's it. Look at that breakthrough. Come on. Shout to growth. Shout To growth Man. Lemme know How that go. Lemme know how that Go for you. I'll let you know nigga All morning I've been, I've been watching them put they foot in the ass of the secret service. Secret service director Kimberly Cheadle. Oh man. Is this the woman that couldn't holster the gun? No, This is the head of secret service. This is the head of secret service that is responsible for staffing properly Staffing What Happened at the assassination temp in Pennsylvania.


Gotcha. She's outta here, right? Yes. Resigned. She resigned. She resigned. Resigned yesterday morning As She should. But they put a foot in her ass boy. And that little boy that they got that little, that little crew that they got them niggas is like the, the Voltron of Karens dog. I listen to every cliff from every one of 'em up there. Boy, that's a tough wall of Karen's to get through. It was cooking. No, I'm gonna play some. Oh yeah, come on. Some of 'em I'll be playing. They long clips but I'm playing some of 'em. They be cutting you off. They might. They was cooking her boy.


Alright, let's see what we got President Trump when the entire secret service missed it. Director Cheadle, in your leadership, your agency got out smart in and out maneuvered by a 20-year-old. How can we have any confidence that you could stop a train professionals from a nefarious nation state? That's a good Karen question. Those are Absolutely questions that we need to have. I Know the question We know, you know, the fact of the matter is we can't have that Confidence. It was on our as Director, do you have the ability, personally, do you have the authority to beef up security of any of your protectees? Yes I do. Okay. So were you also aware there was a credible threat President Trump was facing? He was facing a heightened security threat to a do a to a foreign Accident.


you Joe Biden. Yes. So given that there was an increased threat to President Trump's life was he provided a full security compliment akin to what a sitting US president would receive. Hmm. He was provided a full compliment of security based on the threat assessment that we had. That's Not my question at the venue. My question is, if he'd been the sitting president, would he have had the same security he had on July 13th? It would've been beefed up. There is a difference between the city President. So he did. So your answer is he didn't And continuity of government and the responsibility That we had, no, he did not. Okay. There wasn't a cat team, full cat team on site. There wasn't counter-surveillance teams on site. But this is the thing you just said.


You had the ability to beef up the security. You knew about the threat and you didn't. And that's as telling as it is chilling. We have At the end of this clip, he told her to resign and go back to guarding Doritos. Oh shit. What? What? Yeah, that's what he told that. Damn, actually, let me get to the end. Satellite images I'll play, it'll Me, it is a miracle. President Trump wasn't killed. Cory compare. Torre's life is over because that damn shooter made it on the roof. And. it wasn't the roof that was dangerous. It was a nut job on top of the roof. you know what else is dangerous? I believe you're horrifying in aptitude and your lack of skilled leadership is a disgrace.


You're obfuscating today is shameful and you should be fired immediately and go back to Garden Doritos. Mr. Chairman, are you back? Oh. Wow. She said one of the reasons that she didn't put men on that roof that homeboy was on is because it was sloped. Even though there's no verbiage in the Secret Service handbook that says it is a danger or you have to change rules when the roof is slow. Hold up. I saved about 90 of these clips. They're all long. Right. They downplay. They all long. But let's see. Representative Bobert asked earlier about using encrypted apps that you said you've not, oh, we got em used I guess signal.


Are you, have you used any encrypted app to communicate on from your personal device? I do on occasion use encrypted apps to communicate. Hmm. So you use some form of encrypted app to communicate with, with people within the federal government, with local law enforcement. Whom, whom are you communicating using the encrypted apps? Many times it's with colleagues and and associates. So you're communicating with colleagues on a personal device. There are times that the Secret service when we work internationally with some of our partners, that they don't have the same texting capability. And you, you're not able to do that with your, with your government issued device.


Recently we have been able to install some of those apps on government devices. Okay. Let's talk about some of the things that we can get access to. I, I'm actually shocked that you were using your personal device and encrypted communication tools. I think that that might be the most shocking thing that I've heard today. I didn't expect that you for you to say that On Patreon outplayed the women that got in her ass. 'cause that was a great cat fight. These niggas just taking it easy and all these clips. Oh, I'm sorry. Hold up. Sorry. All these clips are like seven minutes long. But again, she resigned. She was horrible up there and they all presented many facts as to why she shouldn't be there. And it's a miracle that Donald Trump is even still here.


You know, it's the fucked up part though. That's what I have for you in my news section. They using it as justification for not hiring women in the Secret service. Yeah, she did say that she was pushing for there to be a boost in the percentage of women that work in at least 30% and all that other shit. But then they was like, well listen, there are women that work in and you don't have any woman on your detail. So what does that matter? Like what is the point? We fry the ass up on your own personal detail. You don't even employ women, so. Yeah. Huh? Yeah, they go though. She'll, she'll never work in government again. They got senator to teach our kids of the future. Yeah.


What movie was that? Where the shooter was in charge of that shooter from the Marines had PTSD and he came on, was bugging out in the house. Was that shooter? All of 'em? Not Shooter. Talking America. Sniper. America Sniper. Oh, with with, it was America Sniper Reynolds? No, no. Bradley Cooper. Brad Cooper. Bradley Cooper. Sorry. Bradley Cooper fired another great white. Yes. Yeah, Another great white solid. Yeah. He's He's or medium great. He No, he nah, nah, he's great. He getting up there. He's get up there. Y'all want to talk about something more fun than all political shit? Yes, please. Come on. Give it to me. Give it to me. Give it to me. Please. Please give it to me. Well, I, I I think people have been watching the pod very closely. You mentioned that you had a, you know, had some bread that you were willing to put up to see some battles.


You said you wanted to see daylight lux. Yeah. Ca battle. Daylight loaded. Lux. You said you had 200 K Seems like they've been going back and forth online. All right. All right. Shout out the daylight. Lux, Right? You got your 200 K ready? Yes. Wow. Ain't 200 K though. Eight because right before Yeah, daylight said it's 200 K each. Oh, he made him say that. He said 200 K for both of us. Well, yeah, that's where the battle rappers math could just be a little funky, delusional. I didn't say nothing about it. I got 200 a pop for daylight and lux. I said I got 200 all in for daylight and lux, how they divvy it up is how they divvied up.


You make a point for it. Yeah, like couples therapy did. Me and shorty, he was like, all right, we got a buck 75. I don't care who gets what boy was that a fight? Why was that a fight? I know. Tell me about it. That was a fight. You lying? Yeah, I swear. I swear for a higher power And that was a, And I thought I was being generous. All right. A buck 75. I'm gonna take this buck. Buck 25 send you 50 Pay is what? What? Wait, wait, wait, wait. They Who work for equal pay.


Y'all Joking though shorty said I'm just telling y'all we are not joking. It's very serious. And that's what goes on in in these types of conversations anyway. That's Why they wanna get that. DEI outta here. Joking Lux daylight. I'm joking. 200 K. 200 K. How you divvied up is how you divvied up. I wouldn't care if one person get 50. Talk about on your time I'm spending 200 k. Would you and I gotta go think of a creative way to sell that motherfucker that might, it might be a MP three and a video that might get sold like a single, I might have to go talk to pay-per-view channel and get all my money. So you battle rappers can't bootleg shit. I gotta go be creative. They said they'll come right up, up on a pod and sit and be on the couches. Nah, Nah, Not at all.


Which Doesn't seem like the vibe with box Officer. Not at all. Nah. Would you involve any league or you just do it yourself? If I involved a league, I would hire them as a third party to help me get it done. Got it. So you would involve a league As a third party. Got it. No under card? Maybe not. Maybe not. I don't wanna deal with extra humans. But You should. I wanna deal with daylight and lux. You Might need a little something to warm. Yeah, warm the crowd up perform. Oh yeah, there you go. Performance. All right. Me and EA do I messed up. Me and EA do all messed up. We Do. And then he'll creep off privately for hours somewhere like he did after the video shoot. Oh shit. I mean, one thing about you, I, I know that you're serious so you know they could depend on this.


They hype. You got the battle rap, battle rap culture and The a frenzy. I know a couple of leagues may get a little upset because they've been trying to put it together, but Why would they get mad? Put it together. Pay. Actually I got some negativity to get off too. Hey, you party boats out there. It is time to talk. It's time to talk. What These niggas think that the Hudson is the Mondrian. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. On a Thursday, Friday and Saturday night. I. don dunno. Why You Yeah, it used to be like this came back Lit. That's that. No, no, no. Which side is it? Republicans. That's against this. Which side is against this? I think it is. It is. Nigga. I get home on a long Friday, them nigga.


I be like Yo, how close am I to the water? Really? Yeah. I get out there screaming at the, I don't want to hear none of that shit. I'm hate Are you the old nigga screaming, turn that shit down Dog. A party boat on A Friday. On a Friday night in the summer. Why? Shit 45th Street. No nigga. Why? That shit don't got nothing to do with my taxes. Oh Yeah. Party your ass over there. Y'all be partying in the water where I can hear sounding Real red words. Nigga might got a 3-year-old at home and they, we by about nigga. Whoa. I'm saying That was racist. Okay. We Know what side we got it. we know what side You on game. I told you. Yeah, we got it. Your kids just sleep. That that boat be loud as hell. My really?


Yeah. Put some headphones on the kid ears. Man. That nigga's have Fun. I gotta put headphones on my kid ears. When. I pay for my mortgage. Shit. All right. Listen. All the news. All the news is newsy shit. So. I'm just rap. Firing bullshit at my cast of amazing people. Everybody here no exceptions. Rate your worst body. And why did you do that? Oh nigga. Oh, alcohol. Yeah. It's easy. Easy. And. it was there. Everybody here. Why did you put the camera on me? Your worst body and tell me. Oh, scale. What? Why you did that. Scale of What? One To 10. Come on. Three and a half. All right. Why'd you do it? Hennessy. Race.


Convenience. Barks. Take the fifth. You fucked the little mix. Three take, take. Amani looking sad over there. What's up West Virginia? She was white. She was big. How big? Big teeth. Yeah, she had teeth. Oh shit. Good ones. And she, she, she was covering the studio time. Oh shit Queen. I'll clap it up. But you should be ashamed of yourself. Yeah. What you gotta do to get some songs down there By the two songs about her Got it done. Not her though.


No. Which one was about her? The one ain't get put out. I'm in Love With You. Sex. Oh fuck Ice Yo. No, I was about a two. It it was something at the compound Convenience. Yeah, it was a two. Took the two down at the compound at one time. Convenient. She came, she came through the side. She was there with The little basement Door that opens up. But she hung with Us. No, she was just, she was a plus one of a plus one. And you? Yeah. Some of you dudes is the plus one fuckers out there. She's a plus. One of the Plus one. Some of y'all, it was one of them. Some of y them nights Plus ones. We actually, yeah, we're Not shaping the plus one One Than another.


Wal Frazier. A fucking the plus one boy. Kenny Anderson of the plus ones. This what this is is for Ish. Come On. This is a rapid fire segment. You know probably like A three don. Like probably like a three. Why'd you do it? You don't drink or smoke more? Some horny late night Use lotion. No late night horny shit. She had nice feet. That's what it was. I'm gonna quote you. I don't even know if she had feet. Oh Finally. Some honesty around here. Loosen up his cast. Flip. We can skip You if you want. Yeah. You Can skip you. Nah, nah, it was, it was, it was like a three. I needed some place to stay outta town. Y'all The king of the threes. Yeah. I needed some place to stay outta town and I was hungry.


you know what I'm saying? It was late I 82 lunch. Nah, nah, nah, nah fool. I met her at Walmart out of town. When. I was younger. Oh shit. Yeah, she worked there out here. I needed a place to stay. you know when Yo she Brought you home of rotisserie? When, you hung around too. Got right at the front. Right. you know I met her back Then too. I gonna lie back there. Yeah. When you outta town with the niggas getting money. I didn't wanna stay in the crib with them niggas. So. I found you were getting money but you had nowhere To stay. Yeah. And ain't nothing to eat. I had something to eat but I didn't want to eat with them niggas. I wanted to be on my own two feet. Nigga. So. I met up. Who? Yeah. So you laid down and I hit a raw and I ran the red light.


I did all that. Oh. Oh my Fuck. Mel Graphic. Super graphic. Are you done? Okay. Just no, I'm just making sure that there's no, no other reveals. I'm done. Got it. Okay. A one And. it was because he was persistent over the course of years. Broke me down And. it was the worst decision I ever made. Sleep To that man. He played The long Game. The long game To that man. That's funny. I'm gonna go four and a half. Go four and a pop. Come on Joe. She took advantage of me. She took advantage of me while we were in the house on, on tour.


I think. I wanna say she and I was horny. I wasn't fucking her in a while. And the pussy wasn't the worst. It was the rest of her. It was the rest of her. That's how it be. Sometimes it was the rest of her though. That bitch like That Bitch like a three, three in a quarter, man. Not really. It was niggas in the squad it they're going to beat too. Mm. Yeah. So how, how much you wanna wake it up Nigga going Yo, we caught good segment Yo nigga. Good segment. Got oh man, that's terrible. I think I remember what you talking about too. Don chill though. That was bad. That was bad. Was bad. Oh, I do, that was bad. It was a four and a half at best. He said she was three and a quarter.


She she three she four and a quarter Stop. That was when the addiction took over. Said don't do that. When she was little, she was a three 18 when she was healthier. She was a little bm. W y'all, y'all caught her when the substance really took control of her body. Oh. Oh man. That's the fuck up. You No it ain't shit. No I ain't, no I ain't touch it. You want the substance to take over When. you finished Yo. Hey, you can't say that. Alright. Allegedly Not Like Us as being banned in Houston. I do not know that for a fact. But that's the word on the curb. It wouldn't, it wouldn't surprise me one bit.


Also the Drake fans put out a video game. They put out a video game of Family matters. Family matters of a fake Kendrick opening his mouth and catching Grammys. That was funny. That's funny. That's funny. Was funny. Hey it, it fights back to the, the Not Like Us game. So yeah, It was funny. That was it then it was the picture online that leaked misinformation spreading even in hip hop. It's not just politics. The picture that went online of Drake's man in front of the alleged car that Tupac was murdered in next to a picture of the car that Tupac was murdered in And. it was not the same car at all. I had to stare that picture for about 20 minutes saying why are they saying that this is the car that Tupac was killed in?


It wasn't a BMW, it was a M bmw. It was A different model. Just wasn't the car that Oh, he Was killed. It was a two-door, not a four door. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, And what else? And then there is the Drake photo that he posted in the Tupac shirt with all of the extras that I want. Yeah. That I won't mention. How do y'all feel about all of it? The Houston shit I think is disgusting. I agree. Why? Like if you, especially as a Bob. No, not just that like Yo my nigga. If, if they engaged in verbal warfare, musical warfare and one nigga made a song that everybody's sweating and everybody loves, why the fuck you going to ban it from being played in a certain area?


Power nigga. The War's not over power. Alright, Well I was leading to, I was leading to, do we think the war's over one and two? Everybody doesn't view it as a musical war. Yo point. And again, like the, the accusations in that song, if I'm Drake lives in Texas now, so these are my people out here, they fuck with me. Good point. Yeah. We not doing that. Or, or I could see it. If it it is has the the potential to incite violence, then that's something different. I Would understand. It's It's petty And it nonsense to me. you know what I mean? I I think that what it's doing is, is What's petty about It.


Some more drama but to stop the record from being played. Yeah. Nigga, we still at War. That's petty. That's hip hop. Like what? Like what are we talking Hiphop? I seen What Happened in the clubs with Ja Rule and 50 that old shit when niggas play certain shit at, at some point they let that shit go. I'm saying that only violence come from shit like that. I like niggas get their head slapped in or punched in their head for shit like that. Yeah. There was DJs that was like Yo I got in trouble once the, the headline went out. It was a DJ that comment. It was like, Yo, I got in trouble for playing this at a couple clubs. If you were A dj, you responsible for what you played the same way a podcaster was responsible for what they say. Exactly. Shit. I remember it was DJs that couldn't play Fano in, in North Jersey was not playing that record.


And. it became all niggas was going up to the DJ booth. Yo, Yo. Yo could play what? Fando? The chief ke record. Chief Keef. Oh the Chief Keith joint. It Was not Happening. That won't hurt. 'cause that record is hard. And It's hard. But niggas wasn't letting that record go. Imagine if, imagine if LA stopped niggas from playing Drake. Like it's bigger than like what we making it seem like. Imagine I no more Drake out here. Niggas, you know, we gonna violate. I wanna Hear Drake in la Huh? I wanna hear Drake in la. Exactly. They you don't think that niggas felt the way when, when Pac may hit him up even though it was fire. You don't think when it first came out, niggas in Brooklyn was like, don't dare play that shit out here. Don. Don't know. I don't know. I wasn't around at that time. I I'm Just same. We can assume I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be willing to say just from New York nigga thinking niggas wasn't that comfortable.


I'm with that but I I got a hot take about that beef. don don't know if I'm tough enough to say it. I'm with that. But we, we, we, we know the outcomes of these situations. That's what I'm saying. Say it. Alright. So. I set it off. Mike and I was not tough enough. We took it right out. Yeah, Smart. Smart. It was hot. Hottest of Takes that I've heard. That would've set the shit on Fox. We All had to stop as a unison. That would've made all The blogs we fighting next week. Sure. Still do it though. But Next time outside I'm gonna trust AC crew. I'm gonna trust AC crew. Thank you. What else? What else we got Going on? Okay, so rest in peace to Shannon Dougherty. We talked about her passing last week. Yes. So right before she passed away, she made it known to her team who she does not want at her funeral.


Oh. She was like, make sure those bitches do not walk through the fucking door. Oh. Did you get a clap for that? Yes. Clap. I'm added that I Beat up. I Have felt that way myself. So it's not a long list. It's basically Alyssa Milano and Jenny Garth. So Jenny Garth Lion. Oh shit. So Jenny Garth was on 9 0 2 1. Oh with her? Yes. I remember. And Alyssa Milano was on and charmed charmed with her. Oh. And in the past, you know, she, she had a podcast and so she said, you know, that she had kind of chopped it up with Jenny Garth. And when they see each other at conventions it's like, Hey girl, hey. But you know we'll never be that. Keep Our, keep your distance With Alyssa Milano. She was literally, she was like, fuck that bitch, it's up. Yeah, it it's up. It's stuck the whole night.


Yes. Yeah. I'm with it being up after Death. Yeah. So she was like, make sure those two hoes don't show up at my fucking funeral. Damn. I love it. 'cause it will literally just be for their own, you know, finally A woman speaking up about the bitches she don't fuck with. Oh Shit. I wish I would come down off my motherfucking throne in a dress. Anyways. We're not. We're talking. Here we go. Hello. I ain't Hello? I'm not mad at all. Yeah. But sometimes the thrones come with a ladder. Sometimes they do. Sometimes the thrones come with a ladder. Sometimes they do. And every once in a while you're, you Know I walk down. Yeah. Slow. I, I'm mad I had to take this just have this talk with your ass. I had to hike down on my throne ladder.


My throne ladder. That's the more expensive throne we Got. The gadgets you went to elevator your shit. Definitely. Okay, so You guys I'm with it. I'm With all Absolutely with it. I'm also, I'm also with the person who they said not to come. I'm gonna still try to go, I'm about to say I'm selling. Hey y'all got Like five so You're crashing the funeral. I got five people on my list. I don't want in my funeral. I got a couple and I and I will let it know. Actually I'm let that You know Two childhood friends. You not welcome a uncle. The fuck outta here. One of my aunts pack it up and a cousin. Why Y'all ever jump into that? Your aunt and uncle? What about him? Shit, why y'all never talk about Them? Because I don't fuck with 'em. Alright.


Oh, check it up. Good answer. Oh that's a good answer. Pack it up. Pack it up. I'm down with weren. Y'all Niggas a few weeks ago talking about y'all just wanna be cremated. Who? Y mean who's that? Pre roof. Well Memorial service. Yes. Same thing. Who? Fuck nah. You can Cremate it after. Oh. I'm not coming to see some white dude. Let the doves fly in the air nigga. Nah, nah, nah. With the little picture frame. I don Dunno what type of job you think is going on here. They Put you in a little fucking little corn. The funeral be I. don. I wish y'all to see my face. I want you to put my body like this. I seen a clip online the other day. This nigga must have been in the driving cars. Oh I see that.


They, they put him on a spinning, a spinning on a spinning car. I can't, Yo don't spin me around. I wrote that down. Don't spin me around in my funeral at the top of the shit and put a steering wheel in my, in my casket. That's The new thing though. They'll take people like they had a gym where a guy was in the club holding a tennis or something. Yeah. Saw that Had people dancing over. Yeah, dancing around. Stop because me and Ashley, they took that nigga to the club. We, me and Ashley was in DC and went to that club a day after they had homeboy hanging up in there, picked up. We was in there dancing through the formalde. They tried to close, they tried to open the club later 'cause dude was just in there And. it smelled And. it was a whole big thing the night before. But nigga we was dancing in the bottle over. Really? They had another one. Nigga smoke formalde.


I could dance through it. The fuck. Fuck are you talking about? They had another one of them shits. The nigga was in his favorite recliner. Yeah. Yeah. Legs Propped out though. They do that. Nah, they put you playing a video game and all that. I'm Cool. I'm walking up to ice shit and slapping the apple GOs on that nigga Man. Oh shit. Ice would've wanted to go go with the apple goggles on All this. All this shit. My goggles iPad in there. All All that shit. If I ain't think your parents would get mad, I'll hire some motherfuckers to come on in there and get, get get with it. A little dance. What Snick? One time four. I get the best from the fire shit from a Oh we gotta get like a little money launcher from the, the casket Too.


Well two of the worst places to be judgemental and Al Al Katuit is the wedding and the funeral. I'm gonna be judgemental at both. That's The best places to be. Judgmental. Hold up though. How so? How so? What? At the funeral, not the wedding. You can judge The shoot out of mad shit in the funeral. What? I'm Listening. Hell. yeah nigga. What? Your family members, First of all, how did you, they're wearing, did you do a good job right There? Number one. What kind of Casket you guys got? Who did the makeup on the, the little program. You got the little bullshit program. You judging that. Listen to the Fuck. I went to a funeral with one of my good, good, good people and his family because you know the family takeover, they chose to put that nigga in some fucking skinny jeans, some shades of one of them fucking Christian Audi J shirts.


So now what you want me to do? When I. Walk up to the casket. My man got the Christian Audi J on. I can't go say nothing to the family but When I walked to my car. That shit off Buddy Buddy All kind of. You got buddy buddy buddy. You got The aunt that Girl up. You can't s wedding. Forget about it. Buddy's is easy money too. Hey. Especially if it's a destination wedding. I'm flying there to talk shit. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm coming right there to judge. Sorry. At The funeral. I have It Together. If I get in a plane, your wedding food is trash. I'm gonna be tight At the destination wedding. That little gap from the vows to niggas being hungry. That little waiting area y'all Try to have. Yeah, I hope. Hope it's fast.


Yeah. Little hor d'oeuvres session. I'll be on the side kicking my man's back in. And his and His wife. And his wife. Hey who set this shit up? Cheese and crackers. Really? Fruit. Fruit. Yeah. Fruit. You got Be bar held it down now Park shit was every time I was ready to complain and park shit. Like he had an answer. Yo, what's going on? Open bar right there. Hey, what's going on? Hey, the food is ready. 70 course meal right there. Hey I'm bored. Hey nigga. Nas performing right now. Yeah, he kept some Excitement. That shit happening. Ian. We stop A beautiful affair. Yes. Yo don't judge A union of love. It's always an affair. Don Judge the Catholics man.


A union of love, The Jewish and the Catholics Union. I put my best shit on too to go to Ian wedding. Man I crashed the wedding before. That doesn't surprise us. Yeah, that's all right. Now come on man. Is anybody surprised? But No, JR was not with me. I That's a Surprise you dolo. That's the Surprise. I crashed the wedding. Dolo on on a humble, we Think you've been crashing things for at least 30 years. What you So the six years old nigga. So six. Yes. Yeah. My birthday next, next Monday too. Nigga. I'm not getting you anything Nigga. I swear to God, last time you was happy birthday to me and I felt the way, nigga. I don't do that. That I don't, that I don't give a fuck. I want it. don. Don't subscribe to wish don don't want it. I want it nigga. I'm telling you as your man. I want it nigga.


Well you work here. Okay. I don't give a fuck Yo happy birthday my dog. You wait, wait. You really want that for real. No, I'm gonna charge GBT. That shit charge gt. Hey, I crashed. Listen, I crashed the weather and I crashed a few Yo. What you had on When, you went to the wedding? So I came from a spot. I came from a spot, a dinner and me and the person I was at dinner with, we fell out. So I had some slacks, some wilda bees and a button up. So while driving I was all the way deep in the Hamptons somewhere. For real. 'cause you know, nigga, I'm, I'm a Leo nigga. I got pro. Suck my dick. Fuck your mother And I left. That's $500 right there. That's Leo. No, no. So. I drove past and I saw a wedding went right in there. Huh?


Who, what was the ethnicity of the people that was getting married? I think I was in there. I was lit. I got pictures. I'm gonna send it to y'all. I'm gonna send it to you. Each You can post it. And nobody said nothing to you? No. 'cause I was acting like I was down with them. I act like I was down I didn. So Anybody ask, were you, you know, friends with the groom or the bride? I Act like I was with the photographer. Photographer. Yo. That's cool though. I'm not mad at you. Hey, got it off. Yeah. How I was down with the niggas. I swear to God that shit was fly. So that shit was the food you probably brought, brought some excitement to the party. Well I did 'cause I, I took the, see that's why I went a little bit too far because I took the mic and I wanted, because I wanted to, I wanted to be hype, give a speech.


And I didn't give a speech, but I took the mic and I hiked it and I, you know, it it, it was, it was crazy. What's wrong with you? I'm still cool with some of the people to this day 'cause they follow me on Instagram and they wrote me like, well I remember When, you did this. I wasn't, I actually, I was down with the photographer but I didn't take no pictures. And the photographer even said Yo, I don't even know who this guy is. That shit was ill son. It was a thrill. It's like when some people go through the store and steal like they wanna steal. Yeah. It was a thrill for me to do that. Yeah. But you also And I crashed the funeral as well. Tell me about the funeral. That's an old man died, nigga. you know, I don't wanna talk about it. He died rest in peace I guess. Rest in peace. The old man. Yeah, he died. Nah. How fuck. And don don't know can You can help me man. I don't know what it's called to do these things. But he died and I act like that. I knew him like Yo, you know, weird. Crazy.


That's not crazy. I met him at the train station. I made up a whole story lie. But it was just a thrill for me. It's called lie. Yeah. It was a thrill sound with ass lit. How you find out the, and that's the end of our question segment for flip. That was, that was great. That was great. You, I Yo this nigga's crazy. Yeah, he is. He's don't do me like that nigga. Alright, well I don don't know if we wanna move past it, but nobody else has this same type of list. It's just Oh, has the five people on the list. I agree with. I agree with Shannon Doherty. Yeah, I'm with a hundred. You have a list? I got a couple. Okay. Wait, hold on. So who's enforcing this list? Because you're dead.


I I will be. Oh, you as the dead. Oh no, no, no. Okay. My my people's gonna make sure that this don't happen. I got JR nigga I didn. I got JR. Jr's Gonna Force Jr. Don't let none of them niggas in. Yeah. My oldest sister. Yeah. Don't try to hit that. Oh, he would want this. No he won't. I'm telling YI don't want you don't, I'm making it clear. I got three people. No In funerals people project your family that's bearing you. They they do. Sometimes they do shit that you don't want them to do. And that's why you need somebody like a JR or somebody that can enforce that. Sometimes they do shit they don't want you to do. They put a, they doing It for them. Flip. None of us agree with putting our child in harm's way. What does that mean?


Trying to say JR shouldn't be the one in Enforcer of us do that. Like Trey's not gonna be the security at Trey should, but Trey should enforce whatever rule that you put in place. I'm not mad at it. No I'm not mad it. Trey should enforce that. Yes. A lot of times your signif not not talking about truth. Let's move from you. A lot of times it significant. Your significant other or person that you went at this time Rock. you know what, they don't do What you want. I agree with you. I agree. That's what I'm I agree with them. Yeah. My past, my my pops past. You are supposed to make sure this shit Don Don't be looked at I don close cash. Yeah. And some niggas don't feel that way and other People do what they want. Exactly.


Fuck your words. Like Yeah, well I want it to look this way. It's not about you who you have For, if not Trey, he's your oldest Gonna be the higher security for real. Corey. There will be staff. It'll be staff at the event and my son could be the head of I see what you saying. Oh Yeah. Because you gonna have a funeral for you. My child shouldn't be the person that is. Y'all know how much responsibility come with the organization of that. I don't wanna damper the room. So. I don't wanna get into it first. Got Got it. You right. A funeral is a lot of work. It's a lot of responsibility. It's a lot of hands, hands on. It's a lot of hands on that. Yeah. I want my son to be able to grieve properly. Not task him with a responsibility. That's True. Yeah. You make shit. So Yo, When, you get so deep in your thoughts, son. That's what I'm saying. I can't argue with you. That's too deep.


Nigga. I'm not thinking about that. Yo, I had a Responsibility nigga black. I had a uncle that passed and he drew that shit out to a T. Yes. Like nobody had to do nothing. He had everything. This company, this, this, this, this casket. Like he had his shit done. This was paid for through this insurance And. it was a breeze for, for like His kids. Shannon Doherty probably thought she bodied that shit by saying they names. Mm. And them niggas probably heard. It was like, bitch, I wasn't coming to your shit anyway. No, no, no, no. They tried it though because they tried to go, no, no, no, no. What Happened. After she passed away, of course they put up the condolences, condolences pa post. And while you know, they got a bunch of likes because they have a lot of followers.


There was a bunch of people in the comments that were like, bitch, she didn't even like you, she didn't like you, you didn didn't like her. So, I could still say, what'd that mean rest In peace. They ain't gotta like Me from, they felt, they felt like they, they, her friends felt like they were making it seem like they were close when they really, there really was no bond whatsoever. That's A good question. So through The caption, Do you feel like if you and a person don't like each other, you shouldn't give your condolences? Mm. That's interesting because you know, I had, when my car accident happened, a lot of that happened. A lot of people were posting, but these same people didn't even fucking call me. I'm like, so you're posting a picture indicting that we have like this close level of friendship, but you never even fucking called me. So it's like, it's weird how pe how people have this like wanna have this close proximity to your tragedy.


Like, because What? People doing shit for the, for the, for the likes, for the love. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, it's, it's icky. I get it. And you coulda used to fuck with somebody and just don't share that shit no more with them. So. I go pay my respects, but I don't fuck with you no more. But it's a way to do it without making it seem like we close too. Like I could literally just like when she, when Sharon Doherty passed, they could just put up a post and not make it seem like we buddy buddy, we'd have been the best of friends. I'm still sorry to hear that you passed. Even if I don't fuck with you. Yeah. There's a tactful way to do that. I agree. Yeah. So that was what her people felt that they didn't do. They felt like the caption just seemed A little bit better. It don't come to my shit.


More Special sauce on the Caption. Stay home. I really ain't fuck with you. I'm definitely coming to your shit. You Ain't to ruin it because don don't get kicked out just to cause a scene. I hope my peoples cause a scene on your face. I'm just, if I petty don don't do niggas do the tap dance killed on your face. Jazzy Jeff. Your ass about it then. Fuck you talking about? He beat your fucking face. No. Nope. I had that conversation with, with with, with my aunt when she fucked up my dad trying Wait, what'd you do? She fucked it up. Okay. Joe was there. She fucked it up. Ruined with my dad. Shit. So after that had the conversation with the family. Like I'm just letting y'all know if she, you know, I know my mom's passing, that's her sister, but she don't really gotta be here.


Oh shit. But if she come correct, cool. She came correct was cool. Okay. But I, now that I think about, I don't think I would have don don't think I have anybody on my list that I would tell them not to come. Like I was trying to think as we were talking. I don't think I, I I don't think I would actually pass that message down in my last moments of like, I don't think I, my pettiness wouldn't come outta me at that moment. Pause, So, I gotta get it out, but you gotta get out early here come the two to the three and the four, You Got your fucking vibe that shit out earlier to the last moment. Yeah. Def you Put that, put that in the wheel a Yo and go to the next page and these three cannot show your last Hours. You still hold on to that pettiness. It ain't gonna be Last. I mean she had to deal with her fucking divorce up until the last day of her life.


So she was kind of going through it. Okay. So it was on her mind. Pettiness was definitely on her mind. Okay. In those last moments, I guess Joe, I have a question for you. Shoot. This weekend that passed you were going shopping alright? No. You did not go to Home Depot this weekend. I did go to Home Depot this weekend. Damn. Yes, yes. Fuck you out nigga. I did go to No, no, this nigga No stop. He expressed it. I wanna know. I forgot. Stop that real quick.