
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy. the show You know about that. What? You can such a conundrum. That was one of My favorite rap songs. Wait, what? I thought that was one of my favorite rap songs, nigga. I was a LL fan Rap. LL at three Ed.


That Wasn't ll that's special ed. No, I got that album on my phone right now. That's my shit. I do Not, I used To learn don don't know. He Knows Special Ed but doesn't know Mob D. That's what I'm saying. Yo. Y'all can't let that go. I did not like Mob D. You still ain't watch B Street tuna? Hell no. Why? I'm 41. Why am I gonna watch B Street right now? Culture. I don't care about culture like that. Yo. That's fucking, I guess I could start again. Like I ain't a culture fan. I'm a rap fan. I just like what I like. That's it. Shit. Rap is coaching. Recording. We are recording. We recording. It is on. Yeah, it's on. Are we recording? It's on. Yeah.


Oh yeah. We're so It is rap. I never said I was a fan of all the elements of hip hop. I don't care too much for graffiti. I don't care too much for break dancing. I just like what I like. That's it. I don't think I'm better than nobody else. I just like this It is you. That's it. You getting him started? I, I'm not getting him started. How anytime he somebody throw him the AlleyOOP to to get this off. Nobody Would think. Nobody would Think Ice. This is his bag. This is his shit. What y'all want me? But eventually you have to get a new bag. It Started because Imani said, yo, you still oh one. It said you still ain't seen Beat Street. I said I have Iani said don don't care to see B Street. don Don't think you need to see B Street neither. I'm not on that. I'm not on that. He don't, he don't need to see B Street. Then you was rapping. I think you Would enjoy B Street though.


You was rapping special ed. I Got. it made. Yes. And I started rap. I was surprised. You was surprised. I knew as was I a hip hop fan. Should not see B Street. I I think you should. Yeah. But I think you'd also just enjoy it. Like it's a good movie. It's an entertaining movie. Who said I was a hip hop Fan? You really? I'm your idol. The highest title. Who? No, I'm not a Puerto Rican, but I'm speaking so that, you know, see, wow. I ain't just really impressed me with this, with knowing Special ed. It's one of my, literally I had that album on, I had that cassette. That was probably the first cassette that I had. This is a mission, not a small time thing. Let me tell you about what happened when the Don Don't know. Alright. You don't know the mission. I know I Got. it made Play football, Football.


There you go. There you go. Now that's the, That song that only that song said you. The album. You said the album. But I, that was my song and I Want say The second Magnificent with I know I gotta be Magnificent. Magnificent. The Second Magnificent. That was alright. This audience is too big for us to start and too young. We can't, we can't. Young and young and young. Well now I don't know. don don't know that. No, some Of 'em are young. Some Know I fuck them niggas right now. It ain't about them. It is that the youth be running shit all the time. It ain't about them stay Time. I'm embracing the old washed uncle era. It was 88 for sure. For sure. That was 88.


You that telling me. I know when it was. I was down south nigga third base, First cassette. I third base. I was at eighth grade Special ed. I was five Houdini. So how you bought the cassette if you was five? My mom Got it. I'm just saying I was the first one I ever owned though. Got. it was Mine. See that's why we don't relate. Nigga. You stealing special ed from cassette from No, She bought it for me. Oh, okay. Okay. Not from her. That was my shit. And I'm talking shit. But shout out to those of y'all out there with mothers that have a network of people. Well you can't do it no more. But that You can steal music from back in the day. I stole so much music from my mama's friends so much. My mom.


My mom was little, a little bit Fa. My moms used to make me rap in front of her friends. There you go. Like that was the annoying shit. Like come down here and rap. The song you stole cassettes and vinyls. Annoying Nigga. I'm, I'm, now that I'm old, older, I be doing the math like when fucking, what's that soundtrack that had all that shit you called an that soundtrack Strictly business with And my mom was lit when that soundtrack was out. My mom might have been 40 something 30. She was in the Queen Street. Uff Fringe was vibing. Yo when Bel Devoux and all that shit was out Poison Trust the big button and Smile.


Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. That was my mom's my 91. Yeah, 30 years. Yo. How old was you in 91? Me nigga. 11. Oh you was born nine. 80. 80. But I got an older brother's five years old. Got you. Got got That counts. That matters. And I mean the school at the time. Yeah Poison and it's Queens. Queens was, you couldn't really go nowhere in Queens at that time without hearing culturally significant music. That Makes sense. The barbershop. Jamaica. Jamaica. Anywhere I get into that shit now, like if we having some type of family shit, whatever. Especially as what I do it with my moms and my aunt. Like I get a kick out of it. I'll just put on one of them records that they all different now y'all go to church and all that shit. I know When, you hear this, you going to, I put salt and pepper shoot on and just watch them lose.


They fucking like I get a kick out. That shit that was creep. TLC, all that shit. Like yo, I was some motherfucking Y'all telling on yourselves? Yeah. That Bell Bib Devo. Devo one is the one The butt Po that poison by TLC. What about your friends? I was cutting school by then. What year was that From? For me, that's IS 59 Queens. That's sixth, seventh grad Ish for me. I'm cutting school. And what about your friends getting, so It is cutting school in sixth grade For sure. God damn. Wow. You was problem out for real. Damn. You've been, I think I cut school 10th grade. I cut senior year high school once I hit ninth. It was senior day. It was the first cut. East Star trial wasn't conducive for learning.


It Was over your goal. Once I put two and two together that I was gonna wake up in the morning, get dressed and have to get to school on my own. I ain't really gotta do this. I was nigga, what did do you shitting me? Yo, what is You cutting? Cutting. Where you go? Whatcha I cut day. You was cutting Day. I cut the day. See I started off, I was cutting first period. I'm not getting to school. Seven 30. Yo, where'd you go? That's where I started too. Yeah. Where did I go? I get School eight o'clock. Eight 20. All the places that I just wasn't allowed to venture out on my own. I was venturing out. But they Had truancy back then so you couldn't even be a kid during school. Ain't had that When. I went to school. They ain't had that shit like that. Yeah, the hood Really? The truancy wasn't doing that Fam. They had, they had a arcade that was literally like three blocks away from the school and that shit was packed during the school day.


Niggas just be in the arcade cutting school, getting to school nine, 10 o'clock. But niggas in the arcade 'cause they was open early. Yeah. And nigga cutting school knowing your, your parents' work schedule or your best friend's parents' work schedule. Yeah. Yeah. That Didn't work. We gonna bump, we gonna bounce around What time your dad leave. Oh, all right. Bet I ain't had that. Yeah. Nah, it was a wrap for that. We was cutting school boy going to buy music. How do, how? How was I supposed to buy music? See that was more high school years Saturdays Nigga moving records. No, no, no. Like for me Tuesday bro there was Vogels record store on Broad Street and Elizabeth and niggas would leave school to walk the vogels to buy the new music that came out.


Like literally I tell the story all the time. That's how I found out about nine 11 was I was in there buying Hoen and and Fab album like niggas was leaving going back to school with the new shit, with the radio to play the shit that just came out. We was doing That in school. Yeah. No way. No way. I was going to school when Crisscross jump came out. No way in the world. These little niggas is wearing their clothes backwards and laying a brave jersey. Slap braids and bitches jukebox 24 7 and I'm on like a loser. Hell no. They inspired me. Jumped. I jumped right. I jumped right outta school. I jumped yo. That's crazy. Yeah. Nah, fuck that school shit.


And my mom ruined me And my mom ruined me. They told her in the second grade that they should've skipped me and for some reason she said no. And I haven't let it go. You was bored. I haven't let it go. Of course I was bored. That's what happened. Yo, that's Of course I was Bored. That's what's, that's what's going on with my daughter right now. That's why I had to take her outta the school she was in. My daughter's in the school with kids that are far below her level and she's literally sitting in school. You shitting on a hole. I'm not shitting on him bro. No, this is an important thing. This is real shit. This is a big thing. This is the truth. No, I know. But I go bro, my daughter can read. I'm talking about read a book. Yeah. End to end. I go pick her up from school and I'm like what you do today? I colored and made this Lex could read text from end to end. Everybody to text me. you know? you know what's going on But. yeah. Like It is like I'm watching her.


She get bored in school. So now they tell me okay she'll finish her work and then now she's being disruptive because This shit is not challenging her. Yeah. So I had to take her outta there. That was me. That's what happens. So yeah, you should have got skipped nigga. I had to get on fucking while we just venting about our kids and shit. Well you wasn't venting, you was beating your kid up. I'm about to vent about my kids. I had to go because I don't know nothing about games. I don't know nothing about games. He On Rob don't tell me on Roblox. I've been told y'all that. I've been told y'all he's on Roblox. Oh he's getting a little community of people. Yeah. Watch that community. Well they settings. I Watch it. So now he done met cousins from like whoever he done met him from.


So I'm pre who this? Yeah. And they know it'd be some weirdo. It is such a they be knowing. Yeah, you gotta be careful Though. But anyway, I had to go on Roblox and Unfriend like 399 people myself. I had to go in there and do that manually. He don't Know 400 people. Well When, I go to bed. You go in the kids' room. The kid's room is wherever It is. You go in the kid's room say Yo dog you got 15 more minutes. See that shit worked. When. I was a kid. When I was a kid. If mom or dad, mom came in there and said you got 10 more minutes. That's what it meant today. These kids flip you to Bird. All You Can speak here about shit now sometime. And then I go the, I'd be on the tv.


You was cutting school in sixth grade. But you would listen to your mom when she said you got 10 more minutes. Fuck all that Joe. Well yeah 'cause my bedroom, my bedroom is in my mom's house. Hi Ma. Look I know my mother be sitting with the, I have, there is a setting called Screen Time where You can literally implement that time where that shit cuts off and he can't use it. You can be sleep. He cannot use it between these hours and these hours. That nigga nice. Oh Sleep time. That bad Screen time. Excuse me. Screen Time. Screen time. But You can set the time in there yo, between 10 o'clock and 7:00 AM He can't use the iPad. He on there just meeting all these little roadblocks bastards. How you got 400 friends nigga? I ain't got six friends in real life. You got 400 friends on Roblox.


That's Funny. So they be on me all chopping it too. They On there kicking it. Here I go. I'm the lame dad now in the background. What you doing? Hey what that? Who's that? He start, he start running it up yet. Huh? I don't know what Running up means Credit card. I'm buying shit the card nigga. Oh no. My girl card. I ain't, I ain't stupid. That's her card. That's buying all em Roblox outfits yo. What's the Yeah what's the outfit? Shit. Fortnite. Fortnite. Well Fortnite is, is is, we don't have to worry about that as much anymore. Fortnite used to make a nigga go bankrupt. Yeah, now because they fixed them up. Yeah Apple fixed them up. Fortnite Up. Don't worry. A new GTA is Gonna drop again again. There's some more math I was doing. Yo, your forties is twisted. Yo.


Like now all my brain and eyes do is follow money everywhere and just start doing math. I'm like yo, if this nigga done bought seven Roblox outfits from this one iPad as one kid. Yes. Imagine. Imagine there's A star Times in the kids and the Outfits. They just paying for computerized clothes. Yeah, well That's not the only thing they pay for. They pay for other stuff too. The Fortnite shit they used to do though. This is a limited edition Panther suit Dog. And then the other kids on the chat It is peer pressure and your bad Ass ain't ain't Got it School It is school. You ain't got the flash shit on This school.


So now he now you look like a oh I gotta go Daddy get money for the police man outfit. You want me to pay for you to be a pig? This is, This is against everything I stand for. Hell yeah bro. That shit is no old joke. No I'm telling you that shit is like crack to him. Real talk the limited edition shit come out. You ain't gonna have your kid not had a limited edition. Nah. Then When you realize it ain't really shit. But It is called the Skin. It just make you look. Yeah, skin like I didn't know that. So I'm playing with some kids one time and I'm like all right I got something for you niggas. I got money so I'm going in the store. I buy the top of the line shit. I'm thinking it's gonna gimme some bigger guns and all This shit. They whoop my ass. I'm like Shout the shit out you slingshot word. I was like yo that's it.


It just make me look like this. Yeah yo up. That's all. Yeah bro. Kids ain't The only one getting caught in that though. Huh? Kids ain't the only people getting caught in that because I caught caught Shit. He just said he bought this Kid. Nah I be playing that Royal you Kingdom shit Can't beat got you the little When. I can't When. I can't beat a certain board. I'm like for five More lives one. I ain't lying. Candy Crush wasn't it started with Candy Crush. I know. And then it started with them little dumb shit. You be building a village, it take 47 hours for this building it to get built. You pay a dollar. Yeah. Now Nigga When I first started getting money. I put my niece on my family Apple shit. Oh man that Kardashians, oh she ran about $700 on me. I was like nah You can off my family play. That's Whatever just happened to Tetris It.


Word. You take your line over there nigga Tetris you gotta pay for shit too. You gotta Pay for Tetris. So the the if You, if you kids have you paying for time, what are you paying for in Tetris? When you paying for to get Rid the ads to Ads ad free Tetris. Yeah. Yeah. And They have all different, different On the blocks have them look different colors. They Have have where it's like kinda like Candy Crush where You can do like a like a daily goals and shit like that. They fuck with you too. 'cause they know if you lose, like let's just say you have five lives and You get right there, you Gonna lose those five lives. Yeah. But you can't get a new set of lives until like an hour or two later. Exactly. But I wanna play now. Yes. So I'm just gonna go ahead and buy me another five lives. So check This out. Or You can watch this ad for a minute but you don't wanna do that after a while. Like don don't. So check it out. This is, this is where Or listen to us do the ad.


This Is where, this is where they tried to offer a little workaround to that. So Apple has what's called Apple Arcade and it has a bunch of games like that. Like there's a game that's like Candy Crusher operates the exact same way but in these games everything in Apple Arcade, there's no ads and no in-app purchases. Yeah But they the phony baloney shits. No. And how much it costs? No you just pay a month for Apple. You pay for Apple? Nah, I'm good. $5 a month. Yeah. It's not The right shit. No I'm good. I don I don. No. Now they getting no they real Don don't wanna play Metro So I play Got, I want real Blow pops in my candy crush. I don want that shit. They started, they started Uping putting sexy and people was complaining. I don want that shit. We don't want Sugar rush or some Bullshit. No. Cool.


Alright. Alright, let's get started. All right. Alright. Order in the pod. Yeah. Yeah. Order in the pod stroll down memory lane. Nice. Mel is on vacation. She is not suspended. It is kill me with that Flips Right there. Flip do what he want. Flip do what he want. I still Wanna walk way y'all was talking Man. Flip do what he want man. come on It is production. What's Up man? come on man. What's up boy? What up? Flip. What's problem? How you doing man? I ain. I'm under the weather. I'm under the weather. I'm under the weather. What? Man, watch his mouth. I know you talking Don't, don't go crazy just yet. I saw that you was under the weather but I saw your tweet last night that said yo, I was feeling horrible but I got the best lady in the world nursed me right back to health. I'm good. So I was like I ain't gotta reach out. Nah, Ian, Ian reached out but she, she, she, she did her thing and then I was feeling better this morning.


I thought I sweat that shit out. I got up, Ian was like, yo, if you don't feel good, you know it's all right. I'm like, Ian don't run shit. And I was just like, I was like nah yo. Second time saying that too. I think That I gotta see that. I have to make it known. Ian does not run shit and 'cause he is okay with something. Don't have a fucking thing to do with Joe Biden. Well there's An order. There's an order of command and, and the way we were told, you know I'm, I'm, I'm operating. Email Him, text me. So anyway, he reached out to me and I was feeling all right this morning. He said, yo, if you don't feel better in the morning, don't even come in. I was like, nah, I'm gonna see what I can do. He was wrong. I got, I got up, I felt better then on the way up here I just, you know he was wrong feeling A little. I see flip, flip online tweeting about his vacation he got coming up.


I do. You set a horrible trend off up here and I gotta, we gotta talk. You said a horrible trend off. What trend might That be? He ain didn't a horrible trend. No you didn't. I've been talked about this vacation since early in the year. Early in the year. I told about it. It's on the part. I got all the receipts just in case You do that won. Pay me to look like I got a stick up my ass So early In the pond. Note that's a trap. You wanted to gimme a vacation early. So I suspended me. You get my early vacation. Everybody here should take their vacations one to two weeks directly after each other. Okay. That's what I think. What, that's what's going on. I said It is happening but it wasn't meant like that. Being sarcastic.


I'm lost. No, he being sarcastic. It wasn't meant to be like that mail shit came outta nowhere. I told you I Oh that's snitching. s true. I said when my man come back, I told, I said when he come back, I'm gonna give him some time. Then I'm gonna take my weeks. So. I said you got weeks. Weeks. That's two weeks. The Caribbean something going on. Oh man, Negotiate Better. It's nothing about negotiation. I've been talked about this at top of the year. I've been told Joe. Joe told me Joe made a joke. I said I'm going to Jamaica around my So everybody Just so Everybody here is clear. I need, He does not have two weeks. Well he said he Now, he now. So that means that he does. Yeah, because I ain't jumping in the way. I ain't going to Delta Just slam the door.


No, I'm not doing that though. He can do what he want. I can't. I'm just saying you don't have two weeks. You, you didn't have a week This this nigga because she didn't have a week. So I talking about what we get a day vacation for the year. Oh Shit. What did you do earlier today? What did you do? You. all right. Today what you got going on? Yeah, I had to go meet the junk guy to get some junk outta my old crib. Okay. What else did I do? Woke up five 30, watched the sunrise, walked out, walked outside right after the news. Told me this morning It is gonna be like a real fall morning. It 40 degrees. It was cold. I walked out trying to be cute. It's cold, cold as shit.


It was cold shit, shit This shit. I'm like maybe I'm cold box trying to do something. You crazy as they gonna get the wrong picture yo. Because at five in the morning I don't really be trying to wake. Yeah, I'm with it. Go ahead, go ahead. That was said. They gonna catch you on a mini mic. Listen, my my my my sleep shit already out. Any girl that wanna fuck me now is just fucking me off the strength. Like what? That was a long day boy. When I picked up my phone. That shit was funny. Yo. I was checking in the hotel. I looked at my, my shit and seen me.


That's the worst thing thing. Somebody took somebody took a picture of you? No, he took it. Oh, a picture. I took a picture. Shit crazy. Why you take it took a picture on heart is crazy. And the nigga claimed Photoshop. That's kind of nasty. You took a picture and posted it? Yeah because the that pick that she leak looks smaller than my shit looks smaller than my sleep. Shit. They said she's Photoshopping shit. She called me on a winter day and dropped it in the summer. Oh that's fucked up. Fresh out the cold one fucked up. We up. She smoked. you know lying. She smoked my boots. A girl boasted it. Yeah, I was in City. I lost my phone. One of the strippers that was mad at me took my shit. Had a blast. Oh. Oh. Shit. That's why I had to piece it up with the Barbs nigga.


Anytime I had smoke with the Barbs when We up to Nicky's show and they went crazy. Had that shit on all the TVs and This shit. That was fucked up. Wait, what happened? What? Oh wait, wait. don don't remember that. We went to The Apple shit at their actual studio in LA And he did an interview with Nicki. That's when we had smoke and they had The Twitter feeds on all like 600 TVs, big Screen TVs. You lying. What your We up did you know that was a threat. You have to be careful playing with people that have gay people as the fan base. 'cause gay people attack different. He's right. Look at This shit. Sleep bitch. I was like, oh on 600 man, roll the scream.


Damn. That hurt the god. Oh man. So ever since then I've been trying to leak my shit on hard. you know, it just ain't really worth yo, y'all got the bullshit? Yeah. The world. Lemme run that back. you right. The world forgot about me. Show y'all ain't, I don't even even know if I'm keeping this in the po Fuck y'all. That's funny son. Nah, It is funny. See Idiot. Yeah, that's, that's her. I know It is God. He got my blessing now. Nah, nah, no you don't. She always made me go to Trip Club on a Monday night. That's in your phone. When. you open the game? Instagram? Yeah, that's Instagram. All right.


Play with me. I'll flame you up today. No, I'll flame you up. Why You already got, you already got, you already got niggas talking about me already. What I did? I'm tight. I'm tight. But you know, I decided why You tight? Congratulations on, on your announcement you made about the skits and your long form content. Oh, Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. What happened? Flip growing up right before Very Eyes said he retired from all the fuck shit. Shit, shit. He moving around like how I feel out there like, like had a bank, you know, You know, now you know what it was. So when Ad and Tre came out here, you know that conversation with me as far as like, yo, you should get yourself a, a Sprinter van or a black car man, you driving around and you know, they were kind of like shitting on me in my head. I'm like, that nigga is talking crazy. They said, yo, if you come to LA we gonna have you in a Sprinter van and shit like that.


And different things. They said flip you gotta grow up. But I'm like, that's not me. I don't, don don't want depend on anybody. I like to move around and stuff like that. So they painted a picture that Jr had been painting for me that I had the conversation with Ian and different people that you have been saying about how I should move and how I should grow up. And then I went to Dykeman after the main O day. That was a lot for me. And then the Dykeman situation was like, you know, yelling and, and just thinking I'm a troll and trolling me. I'm like, yo, I'm just here to watch the game. So then after that I decided to just go JR was like, yo pops, just let the people know that you're not on that type of time. So I did. It was just a a, a lead up. It is, it was events that led up to this moment.


That's dope though. you know what I mean? I I love that for you. Love it. Thank you. I appreciate that though. I think I think that That is like a a, that's the first step in real change is before the change. Get here recognizing I I need to change. I want to go about something a little differently. And then, You know, the crazy shit about It is that I remember last, last year, earlier this year when we, we had a discussion. It was right here. We had a back and forth and you were saying that sometimes even if you need the brown bag money say no. And I remember arguing with you like, you know, nigga bro, then pay me the extra money if you want me to not take the brown bag money. But you said yeah, you're going to see like you don't, you you, you, I forgot how you said, I forgot how you put it, but you said that, you know, spreading myself thin and also putting out the best quality that I can and growing up, you know what I mean?


Like the stuff that you're doing. you know this podcast is putting you in a light of millions of people and in a different light. And you should take advantage of that and grow with it instead of trying to grow, go against it and still do what you want to do. Long term. Long term voice. Yeah. He gave me it speech right there. Even though I was being ignorant, I went home and thought about it. I told my my wife in JR Jr. I was like pastors, I've been telling you that sometimes you just don't want nobody to tell you what to do. That's what It is like. don don't want you tell you gotta Get out your own way sometimes. That's all It is. Yeah. That's dope. That's Dope. No, it's a fact. It's a fact. I love, I love that love flip. I love that for people. Period. Sometimes you gotta sit home and figure out how do you scale you and that come with some shit. I got attacked today though.


I got attacked and I'm tired. I can but I promise I won't talk about it because I think that they put a plan out. I think they dropped the video Tuesday. Don't Send to yourself. I think they dropped it to see if I'm talking about it. don don't it? I don don't Send to yourself. I don. Wait, who attacked him? Oh no we ain't. Don't bring your Bush league shit up here. If it's what I think you talking about. Nah, no. You don't think you know I don. Oh well it's just men and them man said Why is things going on? don don't know. It's his man too. Things My Man. Yeah. Yo audience out there. Swear this is not a normal pod. I know some of y'all was mad at me for how the last podcast released. This is not a normal pod. Mel is gone. That whiteboard is for the girls.


It's we men in here today. Nobody rode up there. We just riding off of our wealth of knowledge and experience our expertise, our pure wit and charm. And if you don't like it, then fuck it. We failed you. But that's what It is. Even though I do have a lot of topics, but I do want to kind of get with my brothers today. I do. I do. I missed y'all a little bit. Just a little Bit. You said something earlier where you was like, it felt like we had a pie off even though we didn't. I feel, I feel the same way. Like Yeah, it's 'cause of that Thursday. It's The day. Yeah, the day shift. Anytime you interrupt the schedule a little bit, it feels, it feels it was longer than It is kind of good in a way though. It is early Thursday Too. And, and let me tell you guys this morning I woke up early.


I started sending on my birthday dinner invite. Oh Yeah. I was about to ask you that nigga. Did you send everybody at the same time in the same day? No. Never. Because last time I sent in matter of importance, you Sent, you sent, you sent me your birthday invitation. Like the, the day before. Yo. Just in case. I thought you may, You technically wasn't invited to my shit last year. I was happy all y'all came last year. That was that's Funny why you thought we wouldn't No him. I didn't expect I flip. I didn't expect to be there. I really didn't expect This shit. Why? It's your birthday. Yeah. So fuck that many. Like you, You don't take people's birthdays. Seriously. I just told my older brother, yo, I'm sending you an invite to my birthday dinner even though I missed yours.


That's foul. That's that's kind of foul. That's f you should make it up to him. I didn't feel foul until he took the picture at his birthday dinner of all the people that came to his birthday dinner. Oh Man, that dude make you feel like I shoulda been, you gotta make that up to Him. You have to make it up Joe. Sasha. I was gonna go His birthday go. He Invited me. He invited me too. I was outta town. I said my baby daddy. They do. I'm near next year. See but that's the other thing though. Next year's 50, next year's 50 gotta do it big. I'll be there for 50 and, and I got a gift. Well why you didn't go to this slim? Why you didn't go to this? Why you didn't go to this one? That's slimy this thing I'm slimy fuck That is, that's still slimy beef. Not not the darken it, but next year ain't promised my nigga.


Yeah, that's why you gotta Go tomorrow. Ain't promised exactly What's going on with your phone. Some shit on these bitches. Right. My girl knew this phone like she would put a lot more respect on why I ought the temptation that we resist out there every day lit. God the Africans with ass like the LL posts. They did. You think I'm not using ll to get to the Africans with ass. They gonna start sending me listings. All right though, I'm starting this, I'm starting this and we'll find somewhere to start. We'll find, oh no, we Got somewhere to start. Do it. Shit. Alright, I'm starting this 30 minutes later.


Let's see here. Do, do, do, do. So happy to be after the bitches out there. That's the most, that's the most important part. Fuck they talking about Happily in love, my girlfriend and I almost at seven years, most of our relationship it's like, it's 80% watching movies. That's a lot of what we do. And the, the other day we watched, it's a movie that just came out this year. It's called The Zone of Interest. Has anyone seen the Zone of Interest? Okay, it was It is kinda like an art film, but like the premise of the movie, it's about the head Nazi who was in charge of Auschwitz, the concentration camp back in World War ii. And you never see inside like the actual concentration camp. You just see him living with his wife and their family and a house next door.


And about 30 minutes into the movie there's a scene where the head Nazi cheats on his wife and my girlfriend goes, ah, what a piece of shit. That's Why be a piece of shit. And I was like, oh, were you on the fence about the Okay About the leader of the extermination camp. That's Mike Shank. 1 2 1 2. Mike Shank. 1, 2, 1 2.


Nah, this time I really need my vocal up Parks. I'm not saying it for decor this time, I really need it. So that's what I was in the middle with saying, man, back to your forties being just like a life, a life act. I sent out my B-day invites and so many of my peers and my friends and my age group was like, Can I bring my date? Can I bring my significant other, my my plus one is in for couples or is it just, what's the vibe? Everybody said that Shit. Yeah nigga, that shit put a smile on my face. I ain't gonna hold you. Nigga's grown now When, you don't talk to all of the people that you love.


Like every day. Like, hey Ry guy here. Johnny. I just started hitting niggas from the past 15 years. Last year. Mom and dad kind of made birthday dinner like a family, family. It's a family affair this year Mom and dad is outta town. So that made me think the bitch. But then I, But as I started to, if people, I was like, you know what, I'll just invite one for every 10. So there will be bitches there, nigga. I mean, I don't know. Okay. don don't know. I think everybody's coming with like somebody they love.


We still like, yeah, we like looking at You can still bring, she's, she's out town. She can't make it. She ain't got a referral for nobody else. She can't make it. Huh? No referral. Are you okay? A referral score. Referral. Crazy. You good? I'm great. Okay. I couldn't be back. You, you look good. I Shit We up. Up and you Right.


Maybe I'm saying maybe I'm saying too much. I'll dial the back a little bit. Just a little bit. Mike shake. 1, 2, 1 2. Mike shake. Mike shake. 1, 2, 1, 2 salutation. Best part in the whole wide world. Summer is dwindling down Summer Of y'all being lit for months. You've been taking a trip every other day. Emanny getting overtime. God damn it. Some of y'all ain't had the slice that you're making it look like Hoodie season is approaching real niggas all over the world For The grownups.


When the Summer came, you were not around. Now the summer's gone and love cannot be found. You When. I Needed. You Shout the first and last time. Listeners shout to wherever you might be listening from. Shout the nine to five is the creative, the entrepreneurs out there. All the dope boys on the scammers. Shout fun niggas. I know y'all listening to Better do Job and roll up.


Watch how We up. I can So I keep bla the rotation. Yeah. Towel under the door nigga. Or pay the $250. Well turn the shower on and turn Shower on the bathroom. Close the door. Steam it up in there. Come on homie. We made made. come on homie. We made we made. come on homie. We made, we made.


come on. All right, all right, all right. All right. The pressure of a good intro is off of us. The pressure is off of us. You guys. Huh? It called? Yes sir. Shout to everybody out there listening. Shout out to those of y'all podcasters with me on the God tier. Shout out to the underlings as well. I guess shout to the cd element of P Element of pt. Everybody can't be in the same bullpen. Somebody had to get the small one.


Somebody had to get the small one. Man Flip and E. E. Yes sir. Alright, we shaking. What's up? What's pop? Oh, what episode is this? 7 52. Welcome. Yeah. Yeah.


Welcome to episode 7 52 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by PrizePicks. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, highly favored host, Joe Budha.


Oh, you feeling today? My dogs? I guess it only work for Arsenio. Alright. To my right I Emanny Imani Major, we know E Major. Yeah. Peace. E Songs. you know the vibes man. Mine in the fucking building, man. Park's Finest. come on, clap it up. Big Flip is in the building. Queens. Ah ha. Grown up. Flip. Let's go. Yes. Yes. We adulting Now we adulting now that's it. That's what We on Ish is here. Speaking of adulting. Yeah. We gonna get in the, we gonna get in the Ish. Oh. Immediately too. Next to Ish. My man Freeze is here Big. Well soon Big Parks is here.


My finest. Ian is here. Poet here. Cory is here. Ericsson is here, K is here. And some nigga named Neff is here. Yeah, no serious. And Tanner is here remotely. Neff. Welcome. Mikasa. Susa. Okay good. That's dope. And that's it. That's what I Got It. Wass. Good. How's everyone weekend? True. Do cast today, huh? Yeah. Mel took a vacation. Yeah. God bless. Who's happy? Who's happy? Nobody. Nobody. No one. We miss Mel. No one. Facts. How did she scream all Y'all? I mean I didn't mean about that. I meant just about niggas. Like just being able to talk like niggas for a change. Well, We talk like niggas when she here. No, we don't. It is okay.


It's Less. S It is a little less pressure. We don't, oh God. Here go to capes. I I a listen, We gotta avoid certain words, which I see what you're saying. Yeah. We gotta, you know, just keep, keep I Miss Smell already. Same, same, same. Yes. So much So. I've been down by Melissa Ford Rabbit Hole on Reddit. Oh. Oh yeah. Boy. Do they keep new things on Reddit, You said? Oh my God, it's bullshit. Melissa Ford. It's crazy. Anyway, shouting to Melissa Ford. Hopefully she's enjoying her vacation and not thinking about bitches. Hello. We do have shit to talk about. Yeah, we do. Yeah, I know you would think that. We don't, but see, do Kiki no I. gotta hand notes. That's mean. We can start anywhere.


Y'all wanna start? What? You just wrote that all the way. No, these are my notes. Do y'all think that the Vegas country music festival dude un alive himself? No. Hell no. A man that was shooting out the window. Right? Is that what the, is that what The story says? This the new October? Is that the new story? Last October that was shooting out the window at the country Music fest festival. That wasn, that wasn't last year. I mean, I'm sorry, that was years ago ago because it was anniversary. Read something. Yeah. But yeah, he was shooting out the window rest in peace to the people with the casualties, the people that lost their lives. But there's somebody I, I went down a rabbit hole. I went down a rabbit hole and there's somebody that posted like every nine one one call every ambulance like, like did a big PowerPoint bulletin where if you're a user, You can click on these things and hear in real time what was going on.


Okay. Okay. And it was really long and drawn out. So I'm not gonna play it for y'all. But one of the questions he asked was, do you think that this gentleman un unli himself, even though minutes before anything they were shutting down parameters way far away from this. Some of the 9 1 1 calls reported were eyewitnesses of people saying, we see two shooters, two people on the loose right now. The shooter had mad ammo, Ammo. I Remember that ammo for days When He unli himself and the police didn't show up up till over an hour later.


Didn't they sayd himself at first Or something. So his premise, what'd You say? Didn't they say he barricaded himself or something at first like that? Yeah. And like a Standoff. So, so this dude's premise and he had a lot of points to back it. Why would you do that? One of them was if you got all the ammo and the police was more than an hour away and you barricaded yourself in and this is your goal, why stop? Why would you do that? That Makes sense. And why didn't we ever hear anything about the second shooter? I thought it was compelling enough to at least bring to y'all. Hmm. I mean hearing all of that, I did think he initially When, I heard everything. I thought he unlocked himself. 'cause some people just don't wanna face the consequences of what they did. They got they shit off. And now I don't wanna face nothing else after that. Your life is over after that. Yeah. So yeah. But that's when they closing in on you. right. That's why I I, I remember it being him, him being barricaded and they were like, it was like a standoff.


So at that point, when you're barricaded in a room and it's a standoff ain't no out. Yeah, I agree with that. But that's why I initially thought, but all This shit you saying now I would have to look a little bit more into that. Yeah. But from the rip I thought yeah, he, he knew there was no more he was outta town. Yeah, It makes sense. The story makes sense on paper. But I didn't see all This Shit. Yeah, I didn't See all that. I don't believe there was a second shooter. I don't believe that he unli himself. That that. I don't believe that. So you think that the second shooter might have knocked him off and escaped? I think if I listen, he would the fall. If I carry all of that ammo, first of all, that's a lot of ammo to carry by yourself. True. Okay. But they have, As somebody that has drove down south to buy fireworks. I, I can tell you if I buy 900 pounds of fireworks, 800 pounds, How much?


Getting let, that's how much I plan on using. I'm you, I'm busting. So it just seemed a little funny. And that's just on the surface level. You'd have to really go look at the diagram that this this person laid out. I'll send it to all y'all. They did show the video though. That makes sense of him bringing up the ammo, the elevators and stuff. I mean I do. It sounds crazy. Said fuck it. I'm gonna just, you know what, I did it. I'm out. Yeah. I don want. I don't wanna be Insensitive either. But Did y'all hear you just stop at 25 Or 35? I mean, you know, you know what I'm saying? Running outta Period. You that point. That's it. What else I'm gonna do? I'm not coming outta here live. don don't know. Running outta time till I hear them knock on the door. It is what you saying. If the door is barricaded and they're on the other side of the door, That is knocking on the door.


They wasn't there. We asking someone for over an hour. We asking someone that Insane to think too logically, logically irrational. No, he was already bugged the fuck out. So. I don't think it's past belief that at a certain point he just like, you know what? Fuck it all this is pointless. Let just check out. Now How do you know he was bugged out? Yeah. Nigga he shot up a whole country of Yeah, that's bugged out. Shit. The action, The action was bugged. The action was the person out. don don't disagree with that. But I done seen plenty of movies where he say, all I got your Daughter. I if you don't say a movie, I think yeah, I think that don't mean that the the premise can't exist, but you gotta be A little bit bugged Out to do that regardless of Wait all on anything. What do you mean bugged out though? What what is bugged out? You're Not Stable. You're not all the way around.


So if you get outta there, yo, I tried to leave it but now y'all Im Bringing it somewhere. No, no, I understand. I'm just saying that some, some of the serial killers and killers are smart As hell. But That doesn't mean you're You can Be smart and emotionally say what, what, what, what's okay. Emotionally are bugged out. And so what so bugged out is what though? Emotionally Unstable mental illness of some sort. What if they don't have none of the none of that and they just feel like they have a specific cause or they have a specific motive that warrants these actions? Yeah. Some of 'em dudes go right Manifest on Andres them for the record. We're not saying this is okay. Think you think anybody you think anybody That would rela like rationalize their motive in That is not bugged out. I don't think that that's a bugged out, That's a bugged out individual I think that there are bugged out situations.


Who's The guy That, and where do we draw the line if that's the case? Mm. Explain It's a, it's a complicated conversation. It's going It is people go to war every day. They go to war with a motive vote for with a purpose that they believe in so that people on the other side of that war feel like your purpose is bugged the fuck out. You might feel like your purpose is warranted. It's your job. It's your job. If you go to another country and, and, and you're hired by the United States and you go over there and you kill people, the people over there feel like y'all bugged the fuck out. They don't feel like your purpose is warranted. But even In war there's rules of engagement and there's certain things. That's who, yeah. Well man, Stop reading books. They don't follow, They don't follow Them. They don't follow none of those rules of engagement.


I'm, I'm telling you there are rules of engagement. Whether they get crossed or not is one other thing. That's a separate thing from having a army do something in comparison to a lone wolf just deciding to take matters to his own hand Depending on what your motive is. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? You could be a lone wolf and got sent by the government to go do some shit. Who's the guy that killed mad people over the years and was living in the woods somewhere for mad years? They couldn't find him. The uni bobber now Genius. MIT, all of that Shit. Smart. But You can still be smart and And cuckoo. And Cuckoo. I see. Okay. Okay. I see what you're saying. Okay. I'm just saying like he stayed off the radar. I think that many smart people are cuckoo but When you see them people, you don't say, hey he's smart.


Yeah. Or When. you see what they did. He's cuckoo because up until the point of them doing something, you might just say he's smart. And and the people that speak about them until They go and I'm sorry, until they go and do something that now you say that's true. Oh, he's a little off because the neighbor be like, he was so nice. You don't know that he used to mow my lawn. For me, I just don't wanna equate intelligent and intellect with the fact that you still can't also have a level. You can have a high level of intelligence. You can be I agree. You could be genius. Crazy or something could set you off. Yeah. Like people have instances that happen in their life and they just have a mental break and they snap. That also could happen. You could still be a highly intelligent person and for a moment there you snapped. Got You. All right. I did not mean to start us down my YouTube rabbit hole.


We, my apologies. We can keep this music centric somehow. So there is some music to get to. Sexy red lip gloss. That's music now. Yo. It's dark. Did you, That is music. Did you see the names of the lip gloss? Yeah. Yeah. That's the, that's That's where we're Should we, should we read the names? Of course. That's what We are here for. Well We are here to deliver the news. Well the important shit. Yeah. Come On. One. One of them is called come on Coochie Juice. What color is that? Alright, shut up. Booty Hole Brown. you know what color That is? Oh sure, yeah, yeah, yeah. Another one is called Nut. Yeah. Okay We got Pussy Hole Pink. Pussy Hole Pink.


Pink. Okay that's color. That's, that's a good Look. That might, that might. I'm rolling. Yellow Discharge. That's The one right there. That's the one right there. That's like greenish yellow greenish. No No. Well the next one is definitely green gonorrhea. Okay, that's Gonorrhea is Green. Don Don't I? I think it was You sat there like you knew for a certainty. Yeah, it's a white green. Yeah. Had gonorrhea before. I've Never had gonorrhea. What's the bad one? You had had Chlamydia. Oh yeah, it was bad. Had chlamydia too bro. Well she ain't got chlamydia in this. And Neil, why you got me telling my shit this tip Nigga? I told my shit Treman noses. That's like baby gonorrhea. No it's baby chlamydia. Oh that's true. Baby chlamydia. Yeah. Get that little tinkle pee.


You like that little tinkle peek. I like that tingle pee freak ass boy. What it feels, I've said that here before. There's nothing about my life that I have not said on this podcast. He has said that. He said yo, it feels good. It feels good. It do feel good. It is like a, It is like a scratch. Like it's like When you piss and Jay-Z woke up this morning. come on at the same time. Yo. What? Every time I think He ain. I feel so alive. All alright. I wish I could hold up to you for Yeah that this nigga, I woke up early this morning. Yeah. You know how pissed I want regular old Celine Dion quiet. I'm Cool. You would pick Dion.


What the fuck You want to pee like Celine Dion. Yo. As opposed to itchy piss. You damn right. Itchy. Gimme some regular comedy piss. come on. We bet. We bet. We back. We got gonorrhea, we got blue balls, Balls and sex on my period. And we got sex on my period. Yes. That that, You know what makes me the most upset about this sexy red shit is that I keep seeing her with like a un beat face. This is really a pretty hood girl That is turning herself into a caricature because truthfully I wanna rhyme like common sense. Don don't think that So I Hope these Lipsticks don't like Smell. Like the description too. I think It is just the opposite.


Ugh. The opposite of what? What you saying. Tell me what you Think. You think she's doing this for the bread? Yeah. Yes, because it's beneficial. I think it's gonna work in opposite. I didn't say that. Nothing about the working her reason, nothing about the result. Gotcha. Just her reason for doing it into the lean into this is just caricature, doppelganger type, creating a character. And I'm not mad at creating a character but, well The problem is her introduction worked. So now you stuck right out the gate. She came in, we Had Ruby Rose say the same shit. Yeah. She literally sat here and said She sat, said yo. That's what I thought. But I didn't bring, I'm leaning into this 'cause at this point this is kind of what It is expected.


All y'all with a record deal was working for the Jewish people. It's two totally different things though. But, and one of them I'm got time To unpack on This shit. Yeah. I, I'm being sexy and playful. The other one I'm being just, you know what I mean? Nasty. Yo my nigga. You got something behind your name? When. you calling that shit Sex What period? Sex My Period. Well gonorrhea and Yeah, The yellow discharge one. come on. It's yellow discharge Like Rihanna showed us how to do it And it wasn't that but t Ain't got Rihanna's Lane Yellow discharge. She's Playing the lane that works for her. Yeah, that's you came in the game saying my booty hole brown. No and shit. To answer your question though, I Wouldn't be mad at just the booty hole brown. 'cause that's like No, but I'm just saying that's the, that was your introduction.


They don't know nothing else about you and it Worked. Discharge gone. Every yellow discharge is the one that fucking When. you fucking finish, fucking finish fucking, and then you fucking look at your dick and then you gotta send her to the doctor. Like you catch it before. Like ma hey if you got look, Oh, So, I took a lie to her and tell her that she gave it to you. My Look like I know how women's shit. Look on me and look at yours right here. Look. Ew. Ugh. So that's never happened to nobody here. No swear. Just So. I. I'm Checking. Yeah. I don't mind just So I. Honestly. Honestly, I didn't even know that. That's a possibility. Y'all Have never slept with someone and then look down at your dick and then sent her to the the doctor. No, No, No, no.


Joe outta all the thousands of women. No, No, no. They all bless up. Bless up the blessings. More blessing. Don't be appalled like I Thought. No, I thought you was playing at first too. Y'all seen your, your face and you serious, But you really looked down and see some shit and be like, oh, I gotta tell Her. Oh no. Okay. I gotta tell Her She Don't, She don't even know yet. Had A cottage cheese moment. That's What I'm telling you. right? Yeah. I don't believe none of you. right. Maybe not with yellow discharge. Right. But Oh look, yeas talking about even Men could get used. Y'all never fuck yeast infection pussy. I'm asking that couch right there. Yes. Don don't know. If it was gt infection pussy, how would you know that? Seen that and When you because you pull your dick out and look down at your Dick cottage.


Cheez cottage cheese. Yeah, yeah. No. And ain't gotta Smell. This is a nasty Dick ass nigga. Hate this nigga Dick. Yo. He, you know, you know how use condoms so nigga you was at the loop, It is fucking herpes infested. You caught a yeast at the loop. The hes ain't jump off the sheets. The yeast affection is in the loop. Heart-shaped bathtub. Nigga. I'm sure we had that room every weekend for years. No, but you, you I, I used to make them niggas mad. I don't want that heart-shaped corny ass tub. I want the big joint in the middle of the room. I think fucking DVA the loop nigga. It was 2 29 I think. Y nigga, I used to know Heart when the prices was the prices. Yo. I know. I used to know them rooms by heart. I called 'em when they was just trying to get rid of the rooms.


No, no, no, no, no, no. Uhuh Is the loop still there though, right? Yeah nigga, do people still go? Yes, I have no idea. We still go probably. Wait what's the loop? It's It is the loop is just fine. That was 10 minutes from Jersey Girls for me. Oh. Shit. It really is right there. It is right by Jersey girls right there. That little one, two from Jersey Girls to the Loop. When, you caught something slipping. Nah, but that but, but the Benedict was closer. Every hold, every room was different. Every room was a different romantic Valentine's type thing. Oh they had champagne glasses and Yeah. Yeah. I was like where's this weekend? Except for not prostitutes. Oh okay. Yeah it was like a short stay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hourly but a romantic one.


A nice one. Like a romantic one. Like a, like a resort choice. No, it was fucked up. It was like the Pocono, the reputation in Jersey was fucked up. But if you bought a New Yorker there, Oh. wow. Nick, what they was, they was telling they girlfriends cars. Yeah. And they still jersey. If you there you took me to that little and they still Got it. My loop room was the same as my room with the Poconos. It is the same shit. That little heart shaped cabin sometimes You can make it to the loop. Ben Dickie swine. Wait what? Y'all never got a yeast infection. I know, I know. Yeah. Y'all just gonna punch pumping shit up yo nigga. Y I gotta stop Me and you outta fucking Benedict runs.


Nigga if you fucked after me, you Got it. Some of them girls nigga they wasn't, they wasn't all the way. Right. That shit bit through the condo. Yeah. Talking about the car. Remember nigga, we nasty as fuck Yeast you, you color yeast. That's why I ain't know. That's why I see it. It look like normal dick to you. So shout sexy Radicalus. No. Or not? Not not for this. This is nasty. I'm sorry, is It, is it gonna work? I don't think so. For a little bit. I think so. People will buy it just to be stupid and buy it for her, for her brand some Spencer. And today I think it'll work and I don't think it's gonna be expensive.


don don't think that it's Spencer's gifts is what I I don't think it's something that Spencer the girls should aspire for. I got the gonorrhea shit out. Yeah like that's how dope I and needs the chicks with lip injections. So it already looked like they got gonorrhea on their lips. Yeah, it already looked like you got a herpes with a mustache. The lip, The lip injection with the herpes is nasty. So that shit is on 3D nigga. Yeah, You seen that before? I seen it. I do want girl too. Stop that shit. I seen somebody with lip injections that had little bubu bum. I did see it. I don know why the girls are doing that. They gotta stop and then we gotta be honest with 'em and then they'll tell they're not doing it for us.


That'd be the bull. The biggest bullshit. Ice Spice has lost a lot of weight. Yes, she addressed it though. It is wrong to assume people are on Ozempic and I will not do that with Ice Spice because she's young enough with the metabolism to be able to lose this weight if you moving around Shit. That Is true enough. Enough pushups, she did look legit. True. And she ain't necessarily trash, they weren't town no more. Eating the rice and peas every day. True. Every, all of this is true. She might not even be eating correctly at this point. You toing and moving around a lot. That's what she said. You Yeah. You lose eating Muffins. Yeah, Muffins. Ice whites getting a couple dollars. She over there eating that shit at Wagyu.


Nah, I think That Rice and them Bees You. If you speak to a lot of people that tour, they'll tell you like the minute you get on tour and start moving around your appetite and all that shit 'cause your brain is functioning, you don't even think of eating shit Flights alone. Yeah You just thinking of Okay. Oh man in my head you asked him how he knew What Oh. Shit in my head. This pond so different. This nigga idiot in my head. No I was just thinking be turning. I was just about to be Like that field I had on the plane was fire coming home. don don't. So that's where my brain Went. I was on that motherfucking tech nine tour. I ain't shower in 50 days. Y'all ain't gonna keep pulling up to the shell with the diner attached on, on the side of the road talking about grab your shower shoes.


That's exactly where I just ate this weekend. Coming back from fucking Cali. I'll be dirty In Dallas while y'all go shower. I'm gonna order, I'm gonna order some food at the diner. You told me it was A rough one if you have to pick. Nah, you told me it was was A rough one. I'm going to eat and the bus could Smell me. I'm gonna eat every time. Nigga them shower stops with the racist truck drivers nasty coming in nasty, nasty with the big bellies dropping they fucking shit all over the place. Get your shoes in there. Shoes with the lounge Loses and you and you stepping in the shower shoes but you wear 11. They only had the 10. So now your toes is over the fucking, your heels Sticking up. Yeah, your toes like This. Shit. Nasty. Sorry.


What you want me to do? Tour life is nasty. Okay, What else we got in music? What else do we have in music? Do y'all want to address his complex 50 best from Atlanta List that shit That is some bullshit All. Go ahead. 'cause I know you got a Lot to say. That's, I mean I had a lot to say for starters. Shaha being 48, It is just wrong. Disrespectful. Disrespectful. I don't care. I looked at that criteria. Somebody pull the list up. No you keep talking. They Can't wrap up. I looked at their criteria that they chose, that they chose, you know how they picked everybody and it's just wrong. Like you can't name 47 other rappers better than him out of Atlanta. Just can't do it. So that was the first one that jumped out. Like anytime I see the list, I always wanna start at the top.


I mean at at at, you know if it's a hundred, lemme Start, but did it say 50 best rappers from Atlanta? Or did it say 50 best from Atlanta Rappers? 50 best Atlanta rappers of all time. Yeah. Ranked Rappers now go down and read the criteria Because it, It's three points that they Make. Let me see, lemme see. I think it's like rapping ability is number one. Sa high ranks high salary, Very high, very high catalog I think is also catalog is another part. An impact and cultural impact or something. Yeah, he should rank Rank even though his personal catalog might not. Beered one, sorry, sorry to interrupt. One skill as a hip hop artist, two strength of catalog and three lasting influence and commercial impact of their music. All three of those. He's high. That's Not not true. Just that's not true that I can explain why he is his influence with Kanye.


That's not true at all. Can count his impact in writing for Kanye. Puts him high. No, if I Wrote this is my impact. I wrote these but so that still puts me high. It's Your impact. The culture Don't a rapper, the culture don't know that I, this ain't about the culture. Y'all supposed to be of the culture To know that. No, no way. The term is called ghost writer. It Is cultural impact. The term called ghost writers. He has writing credits. Everyone in their mother knows that. He writes a lot of Yeah But the term is called Ghost writer. That's When the ghost writer isn't known. He has writing credits for Kanye though. That's true. That's not the same as a ghost writer. I think that a ghost writer mean we don't know who wrote this And you are just credited as the writer. I don't think that whatever he wrote for Kanye slides him up the list and I'm, I'm saying that objectively.


Well I'm just saying I think, I think he's one of the best rappers period. Not From Atlanta. iStandard criteria number one. He's up high. He's up high. He has a classic no dope on Sundays is A classic. No he does not have a classic. That's a cult classic. That's Okay. Cult classic. Underground cult classic. I agree with you on number one point number, there's only three criteria. So one of the criteria is all way up. One gets him at 21 is very High, one does not get him at 20. I'm not gonna lie, I think that the the Joe List criteria. I gotta take a list. Let, let's hit hit the list. Where do you want me to go from top to bottom or bottom Top? 50 to 40. Okay. 50 was lil Nas X. Alright. He could've been off the list. Keep Going. 49. Got you. Peewee long ways. Number 49.


Stop. If you tell me Lil Nas X is on the 50 best from Atlanta list and I'm talking to somebody who does not know enough hip hop and Then you have to look at the rest of the list. Grain salt. Hold on, hold on, hold up. Because now the argument of cultural impact because he has a following of a certain demo. He's, he's been impactful. Okay. That that's only one of the criteria I be With two. You run around kissing a bunch of nigga in the mouth on stage. Now what About rap ability about all other shit? No, I'm, I Agree with you. You did wrap his tongue around some niggas mouth. come on man. He did come on Joe. Enough. Y'all know it's a na but that's all. That's all the rapping he did was wrap some niggas tongue up with his, which one of the lipsticks You can. And anyway it lift some weight. That's how I really knew he was fucking the niggas. He went hit the check.


He wanna get right. Have a better grip. Sorry. 40 eights high. That's crazy. 47 is trouble. Rest in peace. Rest In peace. 46 is rich as a kid. It 45 is K camp 44 is a little scrappy. 43 is BOB 42 is OJ the juice Man Stop right there for a second please. Let's finish the forties. 41 rasco dash 40 is Sean Paul, I want to hit y'all. Tell me how OJ the Juiceman Sean Paul, any criteria is higher than Shaha. Wait, what's Sean Paul That Sean Youngbloods. Oh Yo.


Atlanta Influence might be a whole nother thing too. I don. What you talking about? Yeah Joe, are you bugging ice on That one? You bugging Allies? Yeah. Yeah. One of them criteria. He's, he can't rap better than Saha the Other two. That's the number one though. The other two he has But the other two he does SA strength of catalog OJ the Juice man. Yes. I'm more familiar with his catalog than y'all. Tell me. Name me one project of his, what you think Edward up name me one project his, what does that have to do with Atlanta? Strength? Strength of catalog. Y'all are saying he's higher than shy. If you go to Atlanta, if you go to Atlanta they probably won't feel that way. I'm familiar with the music in Atlanta my nigga. Yeah, we are not talking about what you familiar with. We talking about what day in Atlanta. Feel I'm all by saying that he has a higher catalog though. You tell me a album. I Moved around.


You're speaking for something. J Juice Man is a guard out there. Yeah them nigga. That's What I'm talking to. And that's based on, that's based on his catalog. That's Yeah, his cultural Got it oj the Juice Man is a Out. His cultural impact out there Was crazy. I'm not claiming to no more OJ the Juice man than me. Me. I'm saying It is the catalog Or street cred. Thank you. That's it's not your catalog but that's cultural impact. So you said name me one of the three criteria. Criteria where he's better than Sahi, oj the Juice man, my little cousins down south asking me who's better than him, him or Wayne. Same. Love this. And I the fact same niggas like they was crazy. That's a fact. That's a fact. Yeah. They was asking me who's better OJ the juice man or fucking little Wayne. They shouldn't even be in the same Sentence. Nobody else that speaks this cultural impact they have. None of your cousins asked you about Sahi That speaks this cultural impact. It does. Dog fam.


Okay. Yeah, I Got it. Okay, keep going, keep going. You going 39? Cool Breeze. 38 Young Nudie 37 Rich homie Kwan 36 fbo 35 Diamond. See Now as mad as you are about si is as mad as I am about Rich homie Wan's placement. He should be a little higher. He should be higher. He should be higher. He should absolutely be higher. 34 bankroll. Fresh 33 Cha Gambino, 32. Big gpp. He should be higher. Two products. He should be higher. 31 left eye. 30 Pastor Troy. What left eye? Lisa Lopez. Lopez. Lopez. Oh, she goes up and Pastor Troy. Pastor Troy go up too. Pastor Troy Too. Pastor goes All three of those criteria. Alright, keep it going. Keep it going. Keep It going.


29 young. Dr 28, Soulja boy. 27 J don Don't agree with Soldier Soja. Boys 22 Soja Boy should be higher. He should be higher. 100% Percent should be high. 26 Shy. D 25 Lotto 24 Yachty. Hmm. 23 AKA 22 shorty. Low Rest in peace. In peace. 21 kilo Ali 20 gunna. I don't like the twenties at all. At all. I think they, I think they jacked up the twenties the most thus far. I Agree. Shit. We beefing about Saha. I got a real beef about the soldier Boy. Way higher. Way, way higher. Way top 10 higher.


Yeah. Easily. I don't know about top if We on if we going criteria. If we base criteria percent. Yeah, you have to Disagree. I'm boy in the top 10. He's not Putting the top 10. She shouldn't be in that spot yet. 10 to 20. Yeah, it's top 10. Number 19, take off. 18. Lil John. 17. JD Jamine Dre 16 C Low 15 Quavo. I don't wanna hear This shit no More. 14 Killer Mike. 13. Offset 12. Playboy. Cardi 11, 21 Savage 10 Lil Baby. What Do we do? Be that? I'm with you. Playboy. Cardi Iss horrible to me bro. IIII leave him alone because I know what his fans do. Same. But he is horrible.


But What the fuck are we talking about? It is a mess. I Don't even see how j Jermaine Dupre not in the top 10. I don't even see how Playboy card's on this list As a rapper. Jerma Dupre could rap. Jermaine Dupre wrote mad shit. No, he's a no as a no. I'm saying as a, he's a top three Atlanta period. Playboy Card's on this list. 'cause it's a complex list, right? Yeah. That's it. I don't, there's no more thought about That. What does that mean? Does he have something in the complex? It means that their audiences Lean towards Are I get it Got. it complexes Target audience. Got it and his target audience. They They, they aligned. Got, okay, they aligned. Nine chains. Eight big boy, seven Luda, six Thug, five Jeezy.


Six Gucci. Four. Four Gucci. I'm sorry, bad at math fair. I disagree. But that's three ti two future one three stacks For me. Ti i's high in the future For me. Jeezy's higher than Gucci To me. Andre. 3008 one future Might be one for me Right now. Andre's one for me. I don don't I don I'm not mad at future and TI being around the same big boy should be. I think you should put him right. That's, that's a big reason of why You can move. Feel like You can move big boy up If you going to then You, if you gonna put Andre at number one, big boy should be up. Don don't love Killer Mike at 14 being the run that he's had in the last decade. I agree. I'm dropping future below a few of them niggas they name me too, which is tough because he's a top five act currently.


He is been the top catalog And impact. Ben Super Duper Duper high. Not currently. Jeez. Two. Yeah. Jeez. Two. Jeez. Catalog And Don don't feel like Atlanta. And I know I'm not the guy to do this, yo, I'm not the guy to do this hit. Ray Daniels is one of 'em. Atlanta niggas. I wonder where you got at one. Atlanta is not in the position. Wait, stop. 'cause on the listen back. When. I hear my voice. Crazy. I don't like that. On the point of, let me sound like I'm humble. At least I gotta work on my humble voice. Yeah. Let me hear it. I haven't worked on it yet. I haven't worked on work in progress. Work in progress. Haven't worked on We got you. I don't feel like Atlanta is in the position for future or anyone else to prosper if we eliminate ludicrous career.


I was about to say Lu Ludacris being wasn't on there. Lu Seven. 7 0 7. Okay. I'm sorry that that's, that's that's, that's just my, my ludicrous argument. I agree. A lot of the people from Atlanta that eight would not be able to eat if we eliminate ludicrous as a whole from Atlanta. I agree. Yes. I see. That's how I feel. About's very high on catalog and rap. And rap. Honestly that's how I feel about Gucci. Half of Atlanta's off that list if there's no Gucci. Yeah. Half of that list does not exist by that's he's he's right. That's a bad but, but a lot of people don't know that because you are so deep in the down south culture that nigga's the a and r of the year of the war. The war of decade, the last decades of the decade.


you know what I'm saying? But the Only thing people might debate is just the the lyrical Or rap, his rapping ability. That's The only thing that they might say. I'm, there's a very few people in there that I think have all three. Luda Has all three. Ludic has ti has all three. Ti has t has all three, has all three has all got all three. And those are people has all three instantly. Yeah. I'm gonna just go with my five rather than argue about this list. Outkast Putting Yeah, I would put put them as I'm putting them together. I'm not mad at that. And I would put goody mob together too. Not for nothing. Yeah. Goody mob goes together for me And for me. Amigos go together. Yeah. Facts. Yeah. I don't like that. I'm not breaking that up. I Don't like that. Three different spots. I like that. I like Outkast as one. I like Outkast. I'm doing Outkast, I'm going ti I'm going Jeezy Futures in my top five.


But those three, I have to say I I have to say Luda Say I got Luda at Four for sure. And then I probably have to put Luda at four, which is old nigga shit. But I'm gonna do it. Fuck it. I was outside when Southern, Southern Allity All That smooth bitch throw Them all of that nigga what's your fantasy? What's your fantasy? What's What he want Grammy for? He won an album. I was outside for use a hoe. I was in Miami Spring Brick for you as a hoe. Yeah, Ludas Run is ridiculous. That little gas station, when we pulled over to gas up them scooters and everybody was doing the cars show right there. come on. Y'all know what time It is out there. His Transition to film has kinda left him, I don't wanna say forgotten but underappreciated musically Or forgotten. We get older, we getting older. We don't know, we getting older.


It's the same ice. TLL Ice Cube convos where It is gonna come to a point where motherfuckers like, wait, he rapped. Yeah. Yeah. That's sad. They know Luda from the Fast and the Furious. Luda get a hard time because he is a good guy. Yeah. He'll be no bullshit. He outta trouble Noah too. He wasn't necessarily rapping about all the street shit. Which, and I'm not a rapper. Yes you are. Dont do That. I think that's hard to be as dope as that. He was not talking about all shit. He was animated. Animated nigga me rap. Yo, He's down South Buster. He Was South Buster. Good point. That's a good one. We Cream with cherry strawberries On top. Nigga don't stop Condo. That's not an easy song to make.


He killed that shit. That shit was a hard, that nigga was spitting on that shit. I reckon it's a fear Top five and battle tested. And I'm crediting Ludacris with some of two chains. Okay. Sorry. Sorry. Technically I know they, I know they had whatever they had. I know. I don't, I don't care. Most of the chains relevancy was after though. I See what I'm saying. Yeah, I'm aware. I said a little bit Because if that's the case, you going to put, I mean there was, it wasn't just two chains there. He had a whole crew and none of them two chains had to do that when he left there and rebranded and renamed himself. And don don't know if I put that with that personally. Me, I just don't. I said that it Gets a little bit of Cred. I said a little bit, very little bit. If, if that much, much if did you, you, because again, duffel Bag Boy is a classic record and That is Titty boy.


Yeah. So You still stand on your, also for the hook on your stance where you said Jay-Z left Luda on the Minute Man remix. But that's, I'm a, I'm, I'm a Avenger. Luda did what he had to do on the Miniman remix. Okay. He, he 100% killed his verse. Okay. I just wanna make sure I think that whole came Whatcha talking about the 60 seconds? Yeah, but we said that I I see. I know why he said that. 'cause we said that up here. I know how we all feel. Yeah. But I've listened to the Ludacris version. Killed that city because he absolutely smoked. He killed that shit. He smoked his verse. It is just ho And I'm not saying Ja Marant ain't have a great game, but Steph, anytime A nigga get bars off on his chick, I just like it Nigga.


He Was talking cash Water overflowing. So get your hair right. It is only your mom. The It is big lunar hat. Bigger hair today. Yeah. But Hos is so cool. I ain't about to suck ho Dick right now. I'm that nigga. Love. I'm trying to give you 60 seconds Independent ass Side of here. Question, Question. come on. Question And any bad Beyonce. come on. Look at going right to New York and the Atlanta Cowboy fault. We watch the niggas. Even the now we gotta even the score. They came up here talking too much. Flash shit. Fuck niggas come up. Oh love Atlanta.


The black man, Martin Luther King out nigga, shut up. Do you think that New York, do you think that New Yorkers a a a the Hawks is playing in New York on fucking Martin Luther King Day money. Do you think that a lot of, do you think that some New Yorkers could accept the fact That Atlanta had that long run? 'cause Atlanta did have a Long run. Did they still Okay, but they still running. Just what I'm saying. It is a big argument. Like a lot of New York niggas hardcore, lot of new hip hop fans do not consider, they don't Atlanta talk to New York like they should be talking to Memphis. No, Atlanta talked to New York. They should be talking to New York. Get the fuck outta here. That that's Ka. That's Ka Really? That's ka. I agree with that. That's ka you they earned the right talk. Well they've earned the right, they had a 20 year plus run. They earned the right to talk that shit to New York dog.


Hold up, hold up. 'cause I can't let him get this fucking special ed shit off what ice is. My Atlanta has earned the right to speak to anybody that they want to speak to. So true. So I'm not saying otherwise. New York is New York. I'm coming prospects. New York is New York no matter what any other place say, and nothing Atlanta says changes that legacy. I agree. Now what changes legacy are the things that happen in the future. Which is why Atlanta is looking behind their shoulder talking to New York. Some of the niggas that that grew This shit while they were still finding their footing. But who Atlanta should be looking at are the future cities that seem to be looking at them with a chip.


Memphis. Houston, When. I say why Atlanta has the reason Atlanta could talk to New York like that to me is because New York still don't respect Atlanta. We bust our ass, we Got it. We are here at the forefront. And y'all still hanging on the eighties in the early nineties. Y'all still won't give us our props. So now we fuck y. See I think that's Cap. That's what happens late nineties two. That's what happens. Late nineties. 2000 early two thousands. 50. come on ice. come on. 2000 You think you think ERA started it was a rap for New York. You don't think we give him love today? No. At we don't give no respect to today era. You New York gives Atlanta more love. I don't feel like, I feel like anywhere New York go. We New York. So we just looking nigga a certain way. We got A Queens Atlanta. That's part of, that's part of it though nigga. Half Of Atlanta's New York. Yeah, They New York.


I'm talking about the music scene. Atlanta not a music, I'm only talking about the music shit. Ice is Right. Okay. Got it. I'm not talking about there's a New York, there's a lot York music people. Atlanta is Brooklyn. And a lot of behind the scenes niggas down there. I'm talking about the musicians, the music. Atlanta, a lot of is definitely of musicians down there. Yo, let ask you a question. Think you ever heard Michael Jordan talk about LeBron? What you that No, I aint heard Michael Jordan. You about Kobe. He talks about LeBron. I'm talking about Kobe I don even. And he don't hold LeBron the same way. You saying New York. Look at Atlanta. It's Michael Jordan and LeBron When. you hear Michael Jordan talk about LeBron. You like, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Cool. But what do you hear fans today talk about both. What do you hear? It depends on their age. Exactly. So there are people that have, can sit back. I'm just, I'm just making you just objectively look at it and say Atlanta has done in 20 years a lot of fucking work and took themselves to the forefront. Course they aren't, they aren't aren't some credit for that though. Of course. They don't get that. Of they don't get, It Is Credit. I don't believe, I don't believe that From New York. New don't give Atlanta. I think, I think The West Coast might have a a a bigger fight in. They do. But West Coast got a bone and pick with every like Yeah, yeah. But Atlanta literally everybody, I think New York and Atlanta be working hand in hand at this point. Shit. I think Memphis got a got a chip on their shoulder too.


And should You said when. Yeah, when. Shut up Ice Real. I'm asking you a question. When Jeezy and Fab Yes. Acknowledge it. You asked. That's why though you Asked me When, I answer. Can I answer you than that? Can I answer you? I Know there's more, but Lemme answer you. There was a time where in order to go National South artists had to work with New York. That has changed. New York still hold that nigga. If it wasn't for us, y'all wouldn't have popped. So you still look at Atlanta like Lil Bros. That's alright. Not what you just said G Fab. Look, but I'm only but I only said that because you asked. It's not a point I would've brought Up when Wayne Dips said same Thing. Is one of the reasons that Yes. Wayne and Dips said but Jeezy Yeah. Dip broke Wayne. Yes. Yes. Okay. When Wayne started running around with Jim Jones and s called And took how they dressed and all of that shit.


Yeah. Okay. I only answered that like that because you asked me that You I think are having a different talk than I'm having. Atlanta's gonna always get my respect because of of maybe eight niggas. Them eight niggas could walk anywhere in the world with their catalog and gift and rep. Right. There's nothing, nobody else can say. All these new other 40 of these nigga, 29 of these niggas. Lemme not do that. Yeah. Don't say 40. Yeah, it's not 40 because I could go on and on like I was there for cool breeze goody mob. Good goody mob is my, maybe my Atlanta introduction. Yeah. Honestly that's true. In high school, Mob was cast But. yeah, I feel you. No, mine was goody Moby Mob. Mines was goody mob as wife goody mob introduced me to Outkast.


That cool breeze watch for the Hook was was the one for me. Yeah. But that was after. I know. I'm just saying It is that record though. I'm just saying people Don't dance no more. Yo you Gotta be great. Was Dude was This That's my man Soul food. That was my shit. come on Man. That's it. Bow. That was it. That's it right there. That was the one. I'm a freshman in high school. I was in college. I'm down to dorm it nigga. That Was after at wasn't it? It might might've been. Nah, In my high school. That one Got to be first. That one got to me first. Okay. Because all the 5% of niggas went to college with me. They was saying now When I went back home.


No bullshit. That's when a TL, all of that, all of that popped off. And I was like, oh. But I'm home at this point. And you Yeah. Your Mama. Mama and your cousin too. Alright. It's time for my favorite part of the show. And based in Atlanta. Need that New York office? Need That New York office though? Jersey. Jersey. We, we good. And before I get into PrizePicks, lemme shake the table a little bit. Okay. I'm gonna shake the table a little bit just 'cause I know special ed lyrics. Fuck it. I'm here. One Song, four Balls. That's lyrics man. That's What Atlanta ran away with the baton.


Not because their rappers were so much better than everybody else. They ran away because their producers ran away. Yeah, that helped. That helped. Talk about that's part of that family. I'm here, I'm here with It. I don't think that it's part Of it. I think that, but they still have some great rappers down there. They ran. I rest in peace. Rico Wade. Yeah, True. Rest in peace Rico. True. But the Atlanta producers, the dominant producers just all started coming from Atlanta toward the tail end of the Jazzy Faye wave And Writers. And that's not to discredit Jazzy Fay. Jazzy Faye's still him. Yes. I went to see Jazzy Faye at the end of my run and he had slaps, he sat there like Arab Atlanta Arab 900 slaps.


Pick one. It's tough. But at the end of that wave, the Bangladeshs, the metros, the what's homeboy? Mike will you jumping You Side. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just free freestyle. You're Jumping. You jumping Lil John start. Right. That that, that was a I'm telling you we gotta start with Dungeon family Dungeon. I'm when the tide turned Jermaine Atlanta. But they started The tide. The tide turned when them Atlanta niggas wouldn't give us a beat. No. The tide turned when in New York they wouldn't give us a beat. The New York. The New York niggas wouldn't work together. Yes. The Atlanta niggas will work together. They'll go, yo, you need a future. I'll go get the whole fucking Atlanta on my album. That's another myth. I Just that That's true. That's True. It was true. New York niggas was working Together. It was true.


Yeah. Right. Not the nigga happened. Thes at the top. Look New York. Yo no, no, no. New York niggas at the top to work together. And then the other nigga who hate everybody gonna shoot at all of y'all for working together. Now you don't wanna work together no more. It's not that the niggas was at the top, didn't work together, dog. What happened? It wasn't no 50 G Unit dip set Rockefeller. It wasn't none Of them niggas because The nigga that came up to the top shot at all you nigga now. Yes, even before that. Even before that. Okay.


PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app and all of the land really easy to play. All you have to do is select two or more players, look at their projected stat lines and pick more or less. Of course this is in cities that we are available. And for me, I'm going Pat Mahomes for more than 4,300 pass yards. Because now You can also, oh you season, Season, Season picks. And I'm going Aaron Rogers for more than 3,750 pass yards and Tyreek Hill for more than 1,370. That's the Gimme six receiving yards. And Saquon Barkley for more than 1050 Rush yards. Don't forget, if you sign up today, you will get $50 instantly. When, you play $5, you do not even need to win to receive that $50 bonus. It is guaranteed. One K Williams passing. Passing yard gets you one win on PrizePicks every week in September. And that's right, only one yard gets you an automatic win every football weekend in September. Four weeks of free Ws. Please don't miss out on the action with PrizePicks because it's gone when September ends. Do not forget to use your promo code JJBP and run your game.


There You go. Have at it. There you Go. One quick correction to make. I said that Caleb Williams was stinking it up in preseason, but that wasn't preseason. Those were the games leading up to preseason. Of course Game won a pre-season. Got here he kicked ass looking like John Elway and every podcast fan jumped in my mentions to say, ah, you piece of shit, you done nothing for you. Anything. Caleb Williams looked like I could spin a six round fantasy Pick on him, dog. I was gonna take him, I was gonna take him as my plan B. The Bears last I think, I think around week four he going really kick off. I think he could do Whatout did. I'm not, I'm not Against you. I I was gonna take him and just keep him in the tuck and I was going, I was trying to go get like Aaron Rogers or Kurt Cousins or One of them.


And I'm a little and I, and I'm buying the media hype on Bo Nicks a little bit. The same with all the Vikings quarterback that went down. Yeah. Yeah. I'm buying the hype on him for the season. Right. I'm not all the way mad at Gardner Minsu being the starter. Gardner Minsu being a starter in Vegas. He's serviceable. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm keeping my eye on Josh Dobbs in San Francisco. I like Josh Dobbs. I always like Josh Dobbs. Yeah, me too. I win. He's not gonna take the job from Purdy, but if he needs to fill in he, he will hold it down. You Got Aaron Rogers during the whole season? Yes, I do Because if he feel a little ache in his leg, I feel like he'll tell him niggas I'm taking seven games off and I'll be back. But I'll say this about Aaron Rogers.


Boy do I love the Jets for that week one entrance, Aaron Rogers did with the American Flag and then he went down on the first play. I was in the middle of a spade game. you know that, that was crazy. I was in dead in the middle of a spade game. The whole game stopped like, nah, he ain't out for real. Oh Shit, he out for that. I, I went to the bar and by the time I got to the bar he was done for the season. I was like, damn, Aaron Rogers better stay in there. I auto drafted Grease Hall. I was about to say well shit. And they put more pieces around him. They did. They, they Did. Brie Hall, another fragile ass nigga. Nah, you Brie Hall nigga. Brie Hall. Breeze Hall. He's nice. Fuck. And what's the receiver? Garrett? Oh Yeah. Garrett Wilson Unstop. Alright. Back to music.


Back to music. Because they are important things to get to in music. Okay, let's get it enough with Complex 50. Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. B King Rest in In peace. In peace. That hurt. Rest in peace. That one's crazy. You had just mentioned him too when Ray was up here. I'm fucking tight man. Yeah, that was crazy. That kicked my ass. Yeah. I hated this one. This one hit me like Pat stay like this one. you know when it hit me when I'm fly with people virtually, I've never met B King, but I've spoken to him time and time and time again.


He's an and he was an avid podcast supporter. He was a music lover, music head, rest in peace, BK who fainted while he was in the middle of doing radio. Now the reports are unclear whether that was Atlanta Radio or Houston Radio. I saw, I saw both. But he eventually was shipped to a Houston hospital where, where he lost his life. I was late to beat King. I want to say I was in a strip club somewhere when, when, when one of them joints came on. I came in our pod, he came and it was just the three of us and went absolutely crazy. And I, that was the moment I learned that Beat King has been a staple in Houston.


Houston and Texas for a minute. For over a decade. And then he just kept putting out slaps. Yes he did. And and he kept putting him out, getting current relevant artists. He was popping, he was hitting his wave as a dude that was in his late thirties. And I was just happy for him. So it hurts me when one of the people that like he would've been a guest here in 2025. He was gonna fuck with us When you, you talking about the torture shit before. Remember that's what hurts me. Yeah. Yeah. That's what hurt. That's what was happening. We was going on tour, he was gonna be the DJ and we opened in Houston. Houston Houston. Yep. And I hit Beat King and he was like, he was ecstatic. And I said nah.


You was like, yo, y'all don't understand what's about to happen. I get B King at the end of our Houston show selling 3000 tickets. Yeah, of course. We didn't sell 3000 tickets and we eventually canceled and didn't go on but boy they lucky we didn't. That'd be nice. Oh we'd have probably all would've been done that though. Yeah. Yeah. I mean we'd probably all just went got something. Yeah, go right home, ordered in the hotel, wore some Pringles from the lobby and just take it down. Right. Look at you, look at you. So they started pulling up all the old beat King tweets where he was like, yo, When I Pass. Play my shit. Just play my shit. That's it. Just play my shit. I was like that's so hip hop you got damn right.


I was like damn, I know Houston is going up and I took my hot happy tail right to the strip club Friday night. They did it right Beef with my girl too. That's right. I'm out nigga. Yeah nigga. Right. And beef with me when we lost B King. 'cause you know the set that's coming on. See see I'm using shit. You use shit to the Advantage too much man. See I didn't say that to her. Well you thought it. I did not say that to her. I just went out and had a slice. I gotta give it up to New York DJs New York Strip Club DJs. I do. Yes. Shout out to New York Strip Club. DJs hit the moment. They hit the moment. That's dope. They do. It don't matter. It don't matter if, if you had a presence in the strip club, they are gonna honor you.


Like HUD Combs rest in peace. So Beat King died that DJ Diamond said Man we up a BK in the next 20 minutes. So now I'm sitting at the bar damn near about to like have a sad face and the bar says, oh what's wrong? It's like yeah bk. We lost him like oh yeah, no no that's him. This, this is him. It's like oh, oh my the next nine to 10 slaps in the strip love what's bk? Mm That's the fuck it should be. I know that went crazy in there bitch. This This shit right Here, Yo. Yeah I'll cry right now.


It's some oddly weird but it feels good that when somebody dies the tribute song is ratchet Shit. Yo. Can't be sad Because I was sitting here sad. Can't bet be sad. You can't be sad. Oh man yo. Damn he was doing radio. Fuck The man This We Miss you. We love You God Girl ho shake your ass right Daddy broke.


I got cash. Right ho. Stop letting broke niggas nut you. If she don't twerk with a mouth open. I can't fucking choose Who The fuck is supposed To say that now. That Is supposed to do that Now. It's all right. It's all right. We got The song. Yo. I ain't even It is gonna Keep playing This shit over and over mouth open. I ain't even. And she though. Just tongue out. Yeah All that. come on. I ain't even think about it. Think about what they gave me a visual. They be having they mouth, they get some singles outta this one man. Nigga they got, if they gone, nah ain't the singles is gone. Yeah, they they the got though. Yeah he put that when he made the announcement.


I don know Bitch we outside And what I love all the beat King Bops is like around this tempo. So the ass shake real it Got it like it. I can't say because I fight with my girl but Hey, hey bro bitch fuck that bro. Nigga Sorry. Yeah nigga I made that 1500 look like fucking 30,000 While That song was on yo. So now I just leave and I go, I go home and I go to bed like rest in Peaces be king.


I miss you. I love you. Whole state of Texas. Salute, salute, salute, word up salute, salute. And I wake up in the morning feeling a little better. I mean and I tweet damn Mayo's shout to the the New York strip clubs man did they think for that B King set? Why did I tweet that? Why did I delete that telling? I'm just telling why would I tweet that? What happened? Why You couldn't just go out? Oh enjoy it. Experience the scene. B King set In It is true. Essence like in it as I gotta, I can't even tell got a little text. No I show you the show you that I get in trouble.


No, no, no. Wait, wait no I got your body got your Ain't sending no videos. Got that boss. Yeah Y'alls was was For bk. Oh they just started going Up. Gotta do it for bk. I see B Queen All corn You bk. Damn. I went home was bk Nigga. Nigga I gotta take two Seconds later. I bet they did enjoy the BK that last night. Oh. Shit Had to to hit.


I had to hit the manipulation mode. It's time for manipulator. For manipulator to manipulator. It is time for Manipulator. Not gonna say we biting. No they gonna look that's where they say we be you. And that's She did that. Fuck It is time. It's time for manipulate. It Is time for Manipulator. Somebody. That It is time for manipulator. I'm man did my girl like yo, This is the time you choose to discuss this. Like honestly somebody died. I'm paying my respects like you dead ass Oh. Shit. Nah that's manipulation. you know, come on. You can hit me with that. I bet you was paying I I bet you did have a Good time or I was paying homage to like a friend that we lost like a staple in Texas Ain't you in Texas.


It is time for manipulate. It's time for It is time for manipulating. It Is time for manipulate to go kick my ass. I'm Joking, I'm joking, I'm joking. I'm joking. Front of time. Rest in peace be king For Sure. Damnit man. Oh man. Dammit. That's crazy Right there. Damnit. Dammit. I want to urge everybody out there 34 and up 35 and up. I mean I feel like I recently came on a pod and spoke about the doctor bleeding me down about how blood clots you can't, you won't feel a symptom. You'll be walking around feeling like everything is Yep. Honky dory. Yep.


And then aka so God damn. And B King had lost so much weight. He was talking About it. He's in interviews talking about wanting, he's like wanting to 50 something pounds down. Wanting, wanting to expand life like God Damn It is dope. It's dope that he put down what he put down though. It won't be forgotten for sure. Music all Not in my motherfucker. What's the name of 'em Ben? Shit, they're not Bulls wasn't. I know what you're talking about. Whatever This shit is, you know little cursive shit. Yeah The cursive shit. Some fancy shit. I'm Letting this one more time and then we get into it. Man.


Your Home girl a ho. Shake your ass like her. What's up Time yo baby daddy broke. I got cash right Her yo wretched hoe. Stop letting broke niggas nut you. If she don't twerk with her mouth open. I can't fucking you pop. I got cake. No we can't date. Get the mouth then I escape. Smash your partner the next day. I can't give a bitch shit because she gonna fuck her broke nigga any anyway. Put this dick up in your face. Nigga was on there giving the jewels away. She gonna fuck a broke nigga anyway. And no matter what you do, you paid the rent for six months. Guess what? She still gonna fuck You guessed it. Yeah, Mark. Oh you got, we got a shout out. Another legend too.


He passed as well. Phil Donahue. Good old Phil Don. Man. Man, rest in peace. Phil Donahue. Talk show Legend. Sick day. Sick day legend. Oh man. Phil Donahue, man. come On. come on. Give it up. Flip, give It up. Shout to Phil Donahue. Man's The first nigga to bring the bloods and the Crips together. That's right. No, he, he brought, come on Minister Farrakhan up Farrakhan. Shit Was lit. Turned. He turned that shit up. Faron the first one he had Faron but the second one with Faron came back and put all the yo the the people in the front around. In the front. Yeah. He was crushing Oprah before she got Bit right. He was like, I think Oprah top dude was, he was the top dude. Oprah said she looked up to him. Phil Donahue. I can see it. I think they were on the same. I didn't know that. I thought they was on the same network but not. Yeah. Shout to Phil Don.


That's in peace man. A legend for sure. Donahue. We old though. Well I mean yeah. Ain't even nothing else to say. Donahue was him. That was fucking dude. Ricky Lake. Nah, I'm joking. I'm joking. He was first. I'm joking. Course I know was Geraldo was like, dude, Ricky, if It is one category y'all Gerald. If It's one Ricky, y'all can't fuck with me in It is daytime talk show on Jeopardy. Nah, I got got, if I was against y'all in jeopardy. I'm telling y'all I would pick daytime talk show and clean y'all up. I Think I got you on that. Why you think that? I think, I think I Watched more talk Show. Nah, I was on that Rob.


That Jenny Jones. He better talk Show Jones Monte Williams. That Richard Bay. Richard Bay. Nigga, Nigga, nigga had a two week season. Shut Up. Fuck he didn't. Richard Bay had a run. He was the first Jerry Springer. Fuck outta here nigga. Yeah. I clean you up on the daytime tour shows. We can, we can get to it. That is my shit. Who can name more? First one to stop naming him lose. How y'all do that? Let's go back and off. I just named a few start. Let's go right now. Say Gerald, This is a tough game. Great. Yeah. 'cause he did names. So let me, let me get my, lemme go to my toolbox man. You can because he might have, you can't take that Long. Nah, Conversional stop. I come on. He did it already. I start, I started Richard was his name. Richard Bay.


come on. Richard Bay. Jenny Jones. Ricky Lick. Oh, what's that, Sarah? Ooh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Steel. I'm pressing the button for steal. Can't do it. Can't do it. Do it. you know her name. Go ahead, say it. you know her name. Say it. Go ahead. Steal Sarah. Jesse Raphael. Yes. I knew that was Jesse. You know I knew it though, Sarah. Nigga. you Know Sally, Jesse, Raphael. You know I knew it. Monto. Monto Williams. He about to take Jordan. Ma. Jerry, We named Jerry. No, we No you didn't. No we didn't. That's when y'all started the game. We didn't rest in peace. Jerry show Dr. Phil. Oh, it's daytime talk show.


Phil don you. No, he's repeating people. No, I'm I he's repeating. People say that we've been repeating we've He's repeating. People never said that in. We never said the game. I started This. shit. That name ain't come up nigga. come on Joe. We said that one. No, We said no, not you. I'm talking about the Oneish gave me, we said Ricky late. He said Ricky late started With Ricky Lake. We said Ricky late. I was the first one. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Ah. Jerry Spring, his bodyguard. Ah. Steve. Steve Wilco. I got you. Nigga. Nigga. Steve Wilcos. Steve Wilcos. Oh, okay. All right. Oh no, hold on, hold on. Y'all bugging. Slow down. There's a big one still out there. It is a real big one. Yeah, a couple word. I mean, I mean, I mean nobody said Oprah.


I didn't wanna say the obvious, but Oprah You can say Oprah I. don say it. He said it. Okay. That's an easy retort. I mean he said Oprah. I feel like that was with hell from y'all. Because I was going say that. I was gonna say, what's the name with the glasses? Yo, y'all Whiling. He might've said him. Dog. Y'all Joking. Y'all are Whiling. It is not my go. Got a Bunch. It's It is my go. It is Your go. I'm surprised at you. You are bugging. You are bugging. Set. Let me think. Y'all just talk to the audience. Did they leave the glasses? No. What'd you say? You made her retire recently. Yo, there's a few black one.


I'm bugging my nigga. I'm not bugging Allen. I got Ellen, I got Williams. Wendy Williams, I Cameron Hall. I got Jennifer Hudson. I got Oh that. That's the new, that's the new We Talking about something. But that's the new class I'm talking about Og. I'm getting, I'm getting, I said Jenny Jones. He said Jenny Jones already. Who's the lady with the glasses boy? White lady. Bless You can Said he said more. He Said Sally said, ma, Sally. Jesse Raphael. Yeah. He said that's what he said. Okay. I got you beat. It's all good. Damn up. You went out like that Dr. Rob. I could have kept going. We doing ball. We doing ball. That's where I was gonna go. Regis. Regis. And then I'd have stumped you. Then you'd had to get to the Nucle. You said Jennifer Hudson?


No, I would've, I would've said Kathy Lee. I would've said Kathy Lee. Or Good morning. Or Good morning Larry. What you talking about? I gotta catch you in the morning. While I'm not worried. My Brain, Kathy Lee you wasn't outside. You was a pup nigga. I still not. You was One syndication. Alright. Lemme See where is my phone? Where is my phone? Where is my phone? Rock Nation has distribution now. Rock Nation has. Okay. I don't wanna, I ain't about to depress nobody here. Congratulations to Rock Nation and, and all of the powers that be, the music industry is getting rid of everybody. That Is pretty much merging, merge everything. Yeah. Consolidating again and When, you consolidate a lot of shit. Gotta go.


We don't need two VPs. X Yeah. The music business is doing, going through like a cleanse. There's people that that had long standing gigs that that, yeah. Sherry, Bryan Bryant, Sherry Bryant stepped down. Yeah. Shout out to Sherry. For, for for black people. For me, that was the same as fucking Julie. Like in terms of where she started, what she did and what she means to all of the black artists that she helped from back in the day all the way to now. Interested to see where she goes or what she ends up doing now. But she's amazing. So, I'm sure she gonna go kill shit somewhere for sure.


But reading her Instagram post where she was like, this is what fear is. Like. I'm sure it was deep. I'm sure I'll be fine, but I don't know. It's The Next day, you know, like When, you take somebody. Steve Stan was just here talking about where do you go with the resume that you built. Yeah, That's right. And that don't exist like that. That Shit is scary. That's scary. That is scary as a fuck. That's scary bro. What do All of the artists do that Sherry or people like that were kind of dedicated. Yeah, dedicated your whole life to to this the music business. And now it's changing and it's like what do you do next? Fa She was an intern. Yeah. Yeah. It's the only job I know, my nigga. That's Crazy.


You celebrating the move. I guess you want to be kind of a one-stop shop if, if you're management and you already are controlling or handling however many artists, it only makes sense for you to get a distribution leg and now you don't have to leave the building. A hundred percent. I understand that. I don't understand why Sherry has to step down because of the move. I don't, I'm not well versed enough in their business to know that part. Yeah. I don know. I just know a lot of black people that held gigs for a long time are finding themselves without a job now. And we just keep coming up here talking about like pop culture events and it's really real live shit happening out there.


It is, and it's all spooky. Like the, the slow release in albums is gonna mean something like with all that shit that Atlantic did I, and I'm not putting Cardi in the mix because she just finished cursing me out. But of course she came to mind. Of course some of the artists that are expected to deliver at a certain clip, if you just take, take the bags and go do what the fuck you want. Yeah. Nobody gonna say nothing to you 'cause you a superstar. But somebody at this label is gonna be responsible for the lack of output when we trying to check quota and go into our board to see what's going on Or not.


Just that, yo, if we, depending on you to, for lack of a better term, keep the lights on in this motherfucker and you not dropping that could literally cost a, a Department of jobs nigga the lights gonna stay on somebody else is outta here. But that's what I'm saying, like not just a person that could literally, you know, okay you not dropping, we not getting that return. Alright, well we gonna get it from somewhere else. Taking salaries. I'm so scared of the creative process at this point. Like just every, like we said, This shit before. I really think that the music business is gonna try to find a way where they just don't need physical. They Don't I'm with you. Like Where they, what? They don't need t real bodies people. They don't need actual, real talents of artists. I think the world is going not just the music business. We can a, we can ai this whole shit point.


That is back what you're saying at that point. I'm just Done with music. The music business is now the tech business. Yes. Sad. That's true. Yes. That, is it algorithms that's on a major level, all of that. Yes. And so what is the tech's job? I was an electrical engineering major. Like really we gonna make it faster and we're gonna make it smaller. I'm here to program now. Pause. Like that's the job we're gonna make shit faster. We're gonna make shit smaller. Computers used to be the size of this room and after a period of time we keep making 'em smaller and smaller and smaller. Now they more efficient now they fit in. Your palm Label's gonna consist people who can literally program shit from home. You don't even need to have an office at this point. Quick, Small, efficient. That's, that's the job of, that's gonna be the music Business. don don't know why more artists haven't become apps Direct to consumer.


I think there's a lot of models out there for I think it's a knowhow. I think it's a knowhow. No I think it's a fear thing. I think it's also contractually it's a fear. They got some shit in their contract that I can't release this way. Yeah. Some of that too. Like no anything that I, we got artists that was trying to put free fucking freestyles out and they can't do that. Yeah. Some artists that I've spoken to directly, they can't even go put a freestyle out over a beat and just drop it on YouTube or something. Prince Saw This shit so long ago. Yes he Did. Yes he did. That is real Like no lie It is so scary to know that somebody like that who Been 25 years ago that was at the pinnacle saying It, yo guys, I want y'all to know this is about the, and I'm trying to set ground in precedent for what should happen and no, not, I won't say no one but people didn't pay attention to nothing.


Nah. And know why because what the media do is put the spin on it like you a nutcase. Yep. Because it wasn't no social media. It wasn't like he could just jump on his Phone and they tried to block It and explain to it All of it. But you still need an A and r to Do what? To walk the artist through certain things. And like what artist? No, no, no. So Unless the artist become an AI artist. No, no. Let's say it's a real artist. What is the AI walking you through today? A r and r. I'm sorry. What is the a and r walking you through today? Good question. Music selection, promotion, selection of music. The Liaison between the creative and business. A flip today they not coming to you unless you done already got yourself hot on the Internet person.


Yeah, but what I'm saying if You, if you leave that up to the, if you leave, if you saying that we don't need the A andrs anymore, it will turn into We're not saying that. No I'm just saying it would turn into how would the computer or AI be able to translate that to an artist. You gotta still be outside hand in hand promotion. A lot of things still have to go on. That makes an artist to me. I will say to, I will and it's, I don't want to disrespect or offend anybody who's still in the business under that title, but I don't think you need the a and r today. I don think the labels don think I don need the a r. The labels don't feel like you, They don't feel like you need the a and r today they cut The a r out. You do. But today the business model of the labels I don, we don't need these niggas. Like Joe said, the labels are now playing tech games now that we playing tech games, we cut a lot of that shit out.


Yeah, but how would the, how would that No look ain't no more in store because there's no more CDs buying. 'cause you Got it, you're not going to the store. Got it got you cut that. There's no manufacturing. We're doing this from the push of a button. The album is out. There's still billboards that need to be put out. It's still it. That's not necessarily any, there's still a lot of things that need to be No, I'm just saying marketing stuff that was listed. If the model today amongst majors are is to hire ready made acts, then what do you need to, you know that's Yeah True That To develop the saying It is the answer. But y'all keep saying there's no artist Development. Even if the, even if you hired a ready made act that was hiding in the streets. The A and r's job often was to connect the building Yes. To whatever was going on with Exactly the building didn't have to know that your, your artist got a joint that's heating up in the streets.


That your dude got traction out here. Now all of That is like voo Look with all that analytics It's also molding. Alright, you've got some traction, you got some shit moving. Let's let mold yous figure out how to make This. That's but that's the other part I think what a lot of these artists today they not looking long term. That's true. So you speaking long term for sure A and r was for the long game. Ain't no long game. You hot right now. We gonna strike while we hot. Get you, throw you to the wayside and go get another you in three months. Just speaking to what he's saying are a and R is typically artists and repertoire like it's literally supposed to be. That's the job. That's the job. If you're like you said, if you're already expected to come to the table, developed repertoire there and you're already supposed to be somewhat hot, what is there, what job is there When you but a lot of niggas, even if you hot, you're not necessarily developed.


Yep. And be clear, y'all talking about the a and r department, they got they getting rid of all of the departments. I agree. I got you. They getting rid of whole infrastructures. Yes bro. It's not just a and r ain I Right, I got you. The wor my nigga. I just read something over the weekend. Major stores are gone like oh yeah, yeah. I'm talking about major shit. That was a part of our upbringing. They just gone like bank around the corner from my house like Wells Fargo shut down like a hundred banks. Like I'm talking about major corporations. All these niggas is these jobs. Nigga. I went to fucking my store 21 99 6 All This shit done like T-shirts, I think it was called Good Life.


And I went there and the store wasn't there. It was a sign door. Yo we move Hudson yards, yada yada yada. I went to Hudson Yards, tried to find a store. There was no good life store over there. Finally I called yo where is this store online? Ain't no store no more. We online. That's right Because now you push a button, it's in a factory over here. The order gets fulfilled, shipped out, we gonna drop ship it, we drop ship. So now we don't have to pay a leasing fee for all. Yeah. We don't have to pay a lease for this building every month. That's another bill that we cutting Off. And that's how they looked at all of those departments And that's exactly, exactly. Exactly. Now we don't need this. We don't need that. We don't need this. we On, we really sit here for long enough. I'm tossing right to you after this.


If we sit, if we sit here for long enough, we can name every artist that the label has a little more inequity. You can see it and You Can see the difference. You can in how that operates. It's a long term game versus a Short term game versus the field. Absolutely. How does that translate though, Joe When? you say that the labels no more, they don't need anybody anymore. Like what, what does that look like? You saying that it looks like just a push of a button and stuff like that. But what about the actually developing an artist? What does that level So It is no more developing, there's less interest in that. A major there because look, major sexy red artist development has always been a thing. It is been, it was a thing before.


That's I'm development is extremely important. It doesn't exist anymore. It don't happen. No, don't happen. I didn't know that. Trying don't develop artists anymore. That's Now Yo flip. you know how it used to be where a and r will find you? He the only person who heard you, he'd kind of take you under the wing damn near. Yeah. And he walking you through this walking like Joe said, walking you through the building. He, he he helping you with your beat selection. Helping you, pairing you with, yo this would sound good with you. This would, they don't do that no more. Now the artist is their own a and r that's really what's happening today. So now I think back to Fed Wap, when Fetti got signed, he had his album done. Hits, hits that he made in the basement or wherever they made that at.


And Pat Got it all the label came in and said was But that still doesn't translate to the world though. Let's be clear though. The label can now push the button and get you in front of the World. Well that's also, hold on. But let's be clear too. The developing part used to come from production labels. So a a a production label will come and sign work the act, get 'em the studio, do all that other shit. Okay. And now you're not just signing the act, you're actually signing the label who add that act. So that's typically how a lot of those people were getting their deals. It wasn't a direct deal to the league. So they still got the development. But from on the inside they already coming. They there was already, they was already Same thing in the situation of of of of Joe being signed to on top in a situation where you might have been putting Yeah. Them niggas ain't know how to dev.


No. That all I can't. You kind of, you kind of I Can't, it didn't mean it don't matter. It was Ruff Ryders. I can't, there was fucking, what's the name of Ludacris shit, there was Dtt Murder Inc. There was fucking It is it was a million of'em. Everything. Yeah. But but with your situation it was street niggas that caught a lick in my opinion. Yeah. Had they, so Like let's talk about the dev. I'm talking about the developing, you know what I'm saying? But they Developed fucked up but the killer niggas developed me. That's why I'm like this. Yeah. In a different way. I get What you, you're saying had they done what the white companies do, which Was see, you know What I'm saying? Hey, we are gonna own this. This is our shit and we are gonna hire the person that knows what this is. Right. We talking a different ballgame for Joe Button Webb entity.


Yeah. A whole different Ballgame. But, and and and I think trial and error. So let's say we had Webb and Entity in, what was that, early two thousands? Yeah. Yeah. But ain't no different than what Fucking Baby and Slim did. Like them was street niggas get what saying? But they was hiring some niggas that knew some shit. It's no different from what P And p and everybody. Yeah. They all, they all qc And finding something, finding somebody with some raw talent or something. Got it. I got something I can can put into Gucci. Keep doing Gucci Mad. I I can't tell you what the music business today looks like because I, I don't believe that anybody out there has ever seen anything like what is about to transpire. Yeah, I would agree with that. I agree. Like never from now to 2030, which is kind of what we was leaning toward in 2018.


Even. Like what does this look like when 2025 hits? It just Falls back on it's spooky independence and artists having to learn some more business chops than they've ever had to before. Like you gotta, you gotta learn some shit Now. Honestly, Parks I see a day where people don't even make albums anymore. I think it might be maybe I it might be a blessing. Low key. I think It is for the artists, for the, for the artists that wanna put the work in that part. The lazy artist, he's gonna fall by the wayside or he gonna get swept up in the bullshit. But the artist that wants to put that work in it actually you gotta look at It is Major Acts doing 20,000 right now. Right. Like you Actually that's the new number. The new number is 20 to 30,000. Yeah. And nobody's gonna bat an eye.


Nope. You dropped, you put out an album and do 20,000 as long as you chart, as long as you chart well at at in the mid two thousands, watch what happened. No, it's 'cause they not making they money off of whatever Off of they don't care. Your album do I wanted to say something too. I'm gonna clear this up. I'm, this hit me like a ton of bricks the other day. 'cause one of them white boy pages I follow one of Paul Rosenberg kids Ghost kids. 'cause who knows, nobody's supposed to know they worse than Paul or used to. I don't know what he do now, but one of them fucking pages kept and keeps commenting on all of the myths surrounding Drake's mega deal. Right. I know What you're Talking about. I think it's z Yeah, I know what you're talking about. What is he saying?


I don't know because I'm trained enough to not listen to nothing he says. Hmm. Okay. But what he's saying with the, every time one of the Drake deal rumors comes up. Actually I did save one. I did save one. I'm sorry about that. I got you right now you go ahead and say a little something. I I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming. He, He, he's, he had higher up at Spotify or something Because where is this week? He just kept saying This shit. It kept pissing Me off. So I know. I know what you're Talking about though. I know I bookmarked it or maybe I fell off. Here we go. One last time Drake signed a licensing deal with UMG. He controls the creative direction of his music and when he releases it. But he can't drop music outside the deal. The agreement is exclusive until the term ends.


This is standard for all licensing deals. So he keeps popping up to say hey, all that shit y'all keep saying about Drake is a myth He's Debunking. I wanna let the audience and anybody listening know that That is one of the biggest myths that the music industry is pushing upon naive and ignorant people today. That a licensing deal means freedom. Listen to Joe Button. Even if you don't trust me it does not. Hmm. That is not a licensing deal. Does not mean you have freedom to do whatever the fuck you want. Actually it means the exact opposite. It means you, you keep it that that's the label telling you that they don't want to be liable for none of your shit.


No way you keep it. That's not where the value is. We're just going to share in this license and and for us to agree to do that. Here's what you have to agree to do And most of the artists cave, that's the nego. That's the negotiating table. It don't mean like all of the artists running around saying and all these labels running around to my partnership, partnership partnership by Humbug you have a licensing deal which means you own it, they control it and y'all have come to terms about how to control it in that licensing deal. You go out there and fucking Knuck if you buck. That's true. Just figured a nicer way of saying some shit. You will Get a phone call again.


I'm telling you that somebody's gonna call you your partners even though it's yours and say Hey you can't do no, no. What are you doing? What are you even thinking? Pull it back. No, there's terms that you gotta agree to. I just, I just think that a lot of artists, creators are being fooled with the new word tricks. New word. you know what It is. Partnership It is not ownership. It's because for so long and we had this talk we talking about Chance before. It's with so long that ownership partnership, all of that people was concerned about the fact that I don't, I own my masters or I don't own my masters. So now the new shit is, yo, you owning your masters, they're yours. Yeah we still controlling This shit. But now you owning your masters.


So now that gives the artist Go tell your friends a Little bit more. And what does that matter? When? you don't know how to administer it. You don't know how to do anything with it. Okay. That's you own some Shit that you own. You owning your shit don't mean nothing. 'cause the people that's licensing it are the people that know what to do when they own it. True. Yeah. They and they're treating it. They own it. No fucking tricks to the trick. You can't get yellow discharge lip gloss. You can, you can't get it. Yeah Nigga It is crazy. You go out there and try to get your, your yellow discharge lip gloss popping on your own And a license and paperwork. Might have some stipulations in there with regards to who You can buy it from. Who, what factory. Gotta make it all that shit. Or not just that might have some, might have some shit in there like yo you can't go out there and go get arrested Facts while like they could have clauses in there.


Like you gotta be behave a certain way too. You can't, You can fuck up the brand. You can't release this fucking lipstick unless you buy it from them. Yeah. All of that shit. Yeah that makes Sense. Talking about some damn honey gigs. I'm serious. Somebody picked up the phone. Oh for sure. I'm not being a for No for no they said that for sure. Hey man. Yeah but this Z nigga keep trying to make it sound like people have no idea what they're saying. Z shut the fuck up. That's off. Someone called speaking of I could not be more happier. Alex Cooper call her daddy podcast host signs $100 million deal with Serious X God damn.


Along with profit participation. God Who is that applause shit girl that was on bar stools. She single. She left bar stools. Went to Spotify. Spotify. Hold On, let let the floor finish 'cause more people need to hear you explain it because some people don't know she, boy am I happy about this? I'm a wreck now I could not be more ecstatic for this I don know. But a Alex Cooper Is It. is it because Okay, I Got It. Alex Cooper did the call her daddy podcast along with her co-host with her homegirl. And they started on Barstool. They eventually had some issues in how they were negotiating creative differences with barsol and creative differences.


So they split, Alex Cooper was still cool with Barstool Dave Portnoy and everybody. I'm not sure what happened to the other young lady. We haven't really heard the Other young lady's boyfriend allegedly it's all allegedly was working for HBO and kind of coerced her into dipping off saying that he could get shit shaken at HBO or something like that. So supposedly they was only getting like a half a, a half a ticket. If what you're saying is true then I'll allow the DV in this moment. She should, she should attack him. What the hell? She should attack him. And I will totally be Mel Ford on the topic. Oh Shit. She should smack the blind shit outta that man.


'cause When I read this. She was one of the first people I thought About. Yeah, no, no, no. And so, And I said to Ian, I said, They said it when, when she got the 60 mil they, they described it when she got, we was on the pod when she got to 60 mil. Yeah. So she left bar stools, went to Went to Spotify. Spotify got 60 mil for three Years. For three years. That's, that's 20 a pop. I Got it That three years happens fast. Happens fast. And now at the end of that deal, which is one of the things I find most intriguing about this is now she left Spotify and is with Sirius. Sirius deal that I just announced. I'll read some more later. But I'm really shocked that Spotify let her walk out of the door. They might not have, they might not had No choice.


Isn't isn't that a choice? I probably Money. Can I ask you a question? They had a choice. Isn't that a type of deal that you wanted? Like with participation Isn't wasn't I'm Black. Oh participation. Wasn't That you pushing that in the beginning before anybody was don Don't wanna say before anybody but you were pushing that A couple years ago. I was one of the early proponents of profit participation being done in ways that the companies were not yet, were not yet playing ball with. And I want to get to that 'cause that's the part that I'm most excited about as a podcaster and for content creators out there and When. I say content creators. I'm not talking about you bums. Oh my god. You can. I'm serious. I'm not trying to be fun. I got a question we about to You can get a minute.


Go ahead. We about to talk high level shit and It is cool to aspire to these things. But the shit I'm about to say apply to six niggas. Yo, you was a good test dummy. I was the best test dummy. That's like all that shit. I'm listening to just sound like I remember. Yeah Man. I don't want to call it test dummy because opportunity. Well not you cost number one. I'm talking about like I'm extremely grateful for even the chance to participate in Spotify the way that we did no matter how it ended. Super grateful to be education. Part of them going public. Yeah. Like that's on the resume. Even though I can't bring the resume anywhere. We did help Spotify to go public hundred percent and help them funnel attention away from whatever their music model was to podcasting.


Now I'm still black. Got it. I'm listening. I'm still black. So 20, 30, 40 and 50 plus a year from somebody is gonna always be difficult. But why y'all, why why? Y'all don't seem so shocked that Spotify letting her walk out the door From Like Tell me more about that. It Seems like shit went aw ride with their whole podcast department. Yeah, I Heard over the last few years. Yeah, I heard they got Bad over. I didn't hear you. They seems like their whole podcast department has kind of crumbled over the past. I don. How many years? They put all they chips in the podcasting and it kind of, they ain't hit no from what I heard. See more reason why they let it go. I heard they hemorrhaging money in the music se sector.


I heard they not really making no money in music. So they really are putting they eggs in the podcast basket. So When, you got Rogan who cracked them? You going to have this girl crack 'em and then whatever they other acts that they may have, it just may not be a profitable upside for them to keep her What? They already got a subscription base. Okay. I disagree with that last part that you said. The subscription base. No, It is not profitable. No. The profitable part. We just re-upped Rogan Got It And whatever they reported, I believe it to be more It is like a lot more. This is after. And we gave you the 303 years that came up and then we laced you with all types of other incentives and clauses.


We laced you in The new Rogan deal. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like they don't have exclusivity. What you were saying, I don't think that happens that way for Rogan to get that deal. I don't care. Again, this is not for the d and element of P list people. I understand If Rogan got that deal and I'm Alex Cooper, which I'm not 'cause I'm black, I'm I'm looking at that and I'm When I go to the table. I'm I'm gonna ask for a few things that maybe I wouldn't have asked for before. Facts fam. And they can give. I don't give a fuck if if y'all don't care about no podcast here. The two people y'all gonna care about is Joe Rogan and her and Alex Cooper. Yes. I don't think they called that. And I know they knew her value 'cause I know she knew about it. They was the only ones looking at the metrics.


Yes. So they had to head start they care. They had to know they Spotify you wanted. That's what Ian said. You can't afford it. You can't afford it. Now not one afford It is different. But that's what I'm saying. I don't think that Spotify didn't wanna afford it. I think they would've paid her hand hand over fist. I think something happened and I'm speculating 'cause don don't know above my pay grade. Something happened at that table. Some disrespect. Something happened at that table that made, that made her walk. Not them walk. It's Possible. Two people that they was gonna Keep a tip To keep It is dumb. Two But. yeah. Everybody else could go She top. You don't think if they could just got out negotiated or out outbid Outbid by park, she might be a little more desperate to have a whole That point. You know the Parker sharing Park coulda did it.


B bingo. Yeah, but I mean I'm of the belief that Rogan has that. I'm sure. Yeah. But so that's No play it out with me. Okay. Play it out with me. Go ahead. Rogan Got it. I'm Rogan. I Got it. She might've heard he Got it the second best. She might've asked for none. I asked for for sure you right. She might've said don don't wanna be exclusive over here too. Yeah, I want the same. She might've said I want the, for something that she's seen similar. Very similar. Him might have got some resistance. Yep. I was like a word. I'm gonna go get it over here. There again. Speculative. Of course I don know nobody's business and I don't speak to these white people about they hundreds of millions of dollars. I'll be tight just speaking To Parks, just speaking to Parks point.


At some point as you know, your, your deal is coming to an end or it's time to renegotiate. You are starting to filter out other offers and other people are now coming to you with the hey, they Know your deal up. What's up? They Yeah. So I. Think at some point Sirius Just had a Better Offer. It, it ain't, when We talk about a hundred million dollars, the the list of so many people, it shrinks, it's short. For sure. Spotify knew where the other option was to get this type of coin and, and Spotify know 'cause they, I'm sure they tried to talk to Howard Stern when all 'em rumors was going on a few years ago. Everybody with eyes know that Howard Stern may be on the backside of things. If I'm Spotify, I'm just not allowing and I'm not, I'm not allowing serious, fucking serious to get their next 30 year run.


Yeah. Off somebody that I have in the building that I can pay. Yeah. Yeah. That's weird. It might have, she might have been It is she might. She might have. And you know, been serious is desperate to do it because serious has no incentive to give nobody profit participation. She's nothing. Exactly. So you let this girl who's already run up a fucking a history of cracking them. When I sell something, she crack 'em from Barstool to now. So for them to give that to her It is something there now, now cool. don don't want to be all up in his her business. Why that's important to me and we'll talk later down the line somewhere in my future, I have a second year Spotify Joe button pod talk kind of coming.


Ian and them gonna try to stop me. But it's coming 'cause I'm up and I'm watching. It's coming. I can see it the same way. We gotta go to dinner. It's almost dinner time for some people out there. This is significant for any, any content creator slash podcaster that's trying to make waves. Because with these companies out there, this is what the deal gonna have to look like moving forward. Yeah. I gotta not the money. No, no. The deal. Yeah. We don't care about the money. Don't count That girl coin don't pocket watch. She earned it. She deserve it. Your money could be your money. The money ain't the interesting part here. The money ain't extra party. Hey When, you go do a show them niggas go and guarantee you such and such.


Yeah, but what about the door? Yeah. Right. But what about the bar? The bar? What about the merch? The merch? Yeah. What about merch? Like there's so many different ways to participate in profit sharing, Especially When. you get to companies that are data mining essentially. Yes. you know what I'm saying? Like Seriousness and cars. Yeah. Why would Spotify let the hottest girl in the world? I was about to say it might have just been a matter of her being unhappy there. Maybe they might couldn't have kept her Dad. I'm not wrong with her. You, they could have kept her Spotify And They have the money. I'm not, it wouldn't be Unhappy. you know, funny, all these companies got the money said about who gonna bust their gun and who I said Who I said she could have been unhappy.


It Wouldn't, it wouldn't be the first time that a, a company of that What What I'm saying, like I'm talking about personally unhappy don don't discount That. It wouldn't be the, but It wouldn't be the first time a company of that magnitude has dropped the ball on something. Joe, why can't have been the same thing. Sorry? Like TNT and Amazon with the NBA. Tell me more. I'm Listening. Where Amazon, where TNT was supposed to what? Meet meet Amazon's match in order to pay the NBA and like outbid. Basically. Why couldn't be that serious outbid Spotify. They may, they may have. That's What he's saying. He's saying on Spotify's Behalf let them, they may have Got it. I got you. I think that Spotify money is just as long as nine sharks out of the pool's money.


Nine outta 10 of the sharks. I Got it money. There's not, there's not too many people that's gonna come into the table and Spotify is gonna tuck they tail. It's fucking Jeff Bezos, apple. That's it. The end. I got a question on the profit sharing shit that I never understood when it comes to that. If y'all in the loss, does that affect you? Yeah. So like if I, if I, if I got a profit sharing deal and that was a l Yeah, yeah, yeah of course I was just But you're never getting a profit participation deal if it's at a L. Yeah. Not just that. The company said shit happens though. They might stay at a L for one year. Like when academics came in here, he said he took his check in Spotify stock stock. Yeah. And it and it and it plummeted but it ain't gonna plummet for too long in Spotify.


It came back. They gonna rebound and he said when he rebounded he got his ass happy anniversary. Got it. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? So well just a question. I just like knowing that there's still money of that and deals like that happening in the podcast space. I like knowing that 'cause for some moment at the highest, at the highest she level I like not for you. But then on top of that, what would they, if they do give it to Them. Y'all want me to go through the list of people that none of this talk will ever apply to Parks. Write that name down because that nigga only get dust from my balls and gray hairs. From my balls. You don't get like good equity talk from me. Yeah, but wouldn't they have to because you know your voice is big enough.


So if they cave into that, wouldn't they have to have the conversation? Have the conversation about Joe or You can use your voice to say that. Well you're not that type of person, but You can use your voice to say that you guys didn't wanna do this for Me and you end up doing it for them. When, you had the money's. No, no, no. Right. But you wouldn't do That. But I'm just saying like, Don't, don't take the, you guys like we'll get distracted from the you guys. That's where we go wrong. Hey Spotify, I came y'all didn't y Got it. It's Not personal. It ain't that. Whatever. Whatever level you at out there, I'll include some of you Z niggas. Whatever level you at, this is the new language to talk to. Whatever company's that wants to talk to. You. if you That is a fact. If you want major content, fuck the money.


Fuck the money. You are 100% correct. I don't need 40 and 50 and 60 mil a year from somebody. If somebody were to come and offer it, awesome. But I don't think that that's what the field is doing right now. Sirius is very different. Okay. Sirius is very different. Sirius is in some sort Apple and fucking Spotify. It's a subscription service. They've been there for fucking over a years. The infrastructure, they When, I was on radio. Niggas was say, oh the radio's leaving serious It is coming. And we gave Howard Stern a hundred Million dollars When any time that deal was coming up turned. So this is, this is just that shit up for Me in so many different ways. You, you would've never seen, you never even heard nobody sniffing this type of money from Sirius.


Never. Never. Other Than him. Never. Other than him. Other than Howard. Howard. Other than Howard. Yeah. Not only him. Yeah. you right. You never heard a rumor about it. Now I could tell y'all why Don't stop. But I also can't tell you y nor do I need to because all the algorithms on X are shifting you guys toward that type of talk. So you don't need me to risk myself to do it. But you never heard nobody sniff that type of coin from fucking serious. No. I wanna know why. Off camera. So. I can see it. No We talk. Yeah. don don't need to say. I mean It is, It is It is very obvious. But I mean that, that's not even the important part. The important part is that somebody out there that with the leverage and power Got it and demand Got it.


Change the language. Shout out to her and thinking to a company. That would never, that's It. Got It. That is why I'm excited. That is why if you out there with some talent and belief in yourself for how you could get This shit shaken, you should be excited too. Facts. There's a sign now that says, hey, I can be rewarded differently for my shit rather than podcasts or just waiting for, what's that day on YouTube? The 21st, 22nd when your accent shit hit. They have tricked us to just being, hey, we want our AdSense just waiting on The check. No. Fuck that absence Nigga. My manager. That's a trick was like, yo, this was a couple months ago. Yeah. From this point on, no more deals without equity. Yeah. Stop getting excited over the dollar sign.


You gonna get he, I ain't, I'm like, what? He was like, yo dog, we not signing no more deals without equity. The business you getting, get your business. Everything that we, we do now, I love it. It I I hey some people gonna be mad that oh well only white people, whatever. I don't care. Whatever. I'm just glad seeing that shit type. Well she's also great. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. She's White. Her numbers are her numbers. She's White. Her numbers are fucking amazing my nigga. I Never heard like Joe Rogan is white, but he's great. Earned that shit. Exactly. Great. We not gonna make It is not Netflix standup. Yeah. We're not gonna make it seem like he just white and getting it because of that. That's Funny. He should never do another stand. I think that was the end of his standup career.


He used To be funny. That's the funny part. I think that Netflix standup was the end of Joe Rogan standup career and When you making 300 million a year. You don't really need to stand up and do anything. No. Probably hard to be funny. When, you make that Much money. No, but that, that's true too. That's not all you're talking. I'm gonna try my hand. Everything in the world, I'm gonna live my life like it's golden. I'm a nigga. If I want to have an ant farm, The niggas could Do whatever the fuck they want. Ain building no fucking ant farm without 7 million. That's how they honest. Yeah. I'll give you an ant farm. He a million. Right. He just gotta hit that conversation. Wait, you want me to walk on stage and tell some jokes? All right. 9 million. Oh fuck it man. Do it then. That's why you gotta be careful telling people your number. 'cause somebody going to give give it to give it to you. Yeah. Somebody gonna give it to you now. Show up. Gotta make a decision up. Yo.


Alex Cooper. Thank you girl. Thank you girl. I'm black saying it. Yeah, that's dope. I'm black saying it. You call me being black ain't gonna stop Oh Shit. No nothing about joking shit. Shake. I need daddy one person to go do it. You Right, because watch, Would you go back to Spotify? Under what terms? I can answer. I'll go and do anywhere. If the term is right fucking ain't right nigga. If the, if the term is, I don't have a beef with you. No, No because, because you have such a, you know, a self-sufficient machine that you run and you know what I mean? I, I want to Know and imagine it would help Right under the right term. Imagine it would help Got It under the right terms.


Yeah. Is this efficient? This is 10 years running strong. Yes. Yes. Number one, black urban, hip hop music, whatever you want to call it. When we say something the shit go, yes, I know that. I don't need another metric. Got it. So imagine it with more than us. Who just left to say Vaughn mixer Niggas is over here. Imagine it. If imagine what it looks like. Oh, I ain going actually you're not gonna have to imagine Flip. I ain't going to no more Mixes. You're not gonna, I'm sorry about that. Hey Flip. It's the same label talk we had. It is, It is kind of the same shit. You up to something. I'm gonna fuck You up. My name is Joseph Anthony Button Jr. I'm always something I'm not Calling nigga. That nigga second in the day when I'm not up to something.


Are you? I'm watching Y nigga every second of the day, I'm trying to turn $1 into two. $2 into the four four and the eight, 10 and 20 1,000,002 mil 10, 20, 20 to 100. Yeah bro, that's the problem getting from the the 10. 10. You got that 10 shit. Getting yo one, two is different than 8,000,016. Getting sad as hell. He's talking. I'm just like, fuck 10 Yo It is tough and nobody gonna help us. Ain't nobody gonna help us. Ain't nobody gonna help me except Ian. A keep y all niggas. But this is a good day.


Yeah, this is a good day. Can't wait to see what happens next. It means very, very, very, very good things for the people with the ability to get something shaken for the next five years. Not none of you people that got down on yourself when Spotify stopped paying. I'm not talking to y'all. Not none of y'all check to check ass niggas. I'm not talking to y'all. Not none of y'all. That's only hot creatively. But the business in the toilet gotta go fucking get it out the mud outside on toilet. However you, I'm not talking to none of y'all. I'm talking to the people that when they get in that room, they're not to get to it. Yeah. Or walk. See those people. Hey, give me this or I'm out or I'm leaving.


Bet on yourself. Not, I'm just gonna take it just because Hey, gimme equity. Gimme proper participation. No. All right. Well what, what nigga? What? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Are you kidding me? Y'all niggas better get out there and learn the value of the content that you're creating while you run around calling yourself a content creator are you niggas don't know what you create. You niggas don't know what it's worth. You niggas don't know nothing. Don't know what It is earning because there's some of y'all out there. When I was running around at the end of my Spotify shit that said Joe button don't deserve a hundred mil. Yeah. Hmm. That mean that you can't see how it's possible for somebody who's cracking in content to get to a hundred million dollars. Mm.


And they telling you out there that it's very, it's very possible. It's very possible. Some of these kids that you're all running around here thinking that you're supporting they companies that's backed by $100 million. Yes. And more. It's just a good time to think money. I'm not talking about being a capitalist. It's just a good time to feel it. Like feel. I know the economies and the shitter. I get it. But if you're confident, if you know what you're doing, if you have a rare skill, if You can demand audience, if You can make audience travel, if You can sell a product, if You can get eyes on a product, if You can do anything product, all of you are products.


If You can get to that bag, it's there. And it's very, very, very possible. And if you shooting for that and fail shit ll came in and told you shit, I the three mill to fail, fuck it. Four mil to fail. Oh dammit. Missed my 500. Yeah. Ta damnit. Yeah. Don't sound like you regretted though. Word kept, kept it moving, kept it pushing. Lemme tell y'all something. I got more money than I ever dreamed of having and I bought a microwave and they build a microwave's different than they used to. No, the microwave you bought, but money ain't money.


Money don't mean shit still. It's microwave bought nigga microwave. You ain't get no ge shit. You that microwave came. Only directions it came with was that fucking me. Thee stallion. So I put that shit in the hole at you like me Michael. What? I was like, nigga, where's one minute? Yeah. Where Star 30 am my microwave. Every time I walk up to it, I gotta turn it on. I don't know what that means. That's Crazy. Oh Shit, They bought up. It is just symbols on it. Like Titz. I'm just pay for it. Huh? Why nigga, I'm after my rant. I just went on after that beautiful rant. I just went on Baby for it was fire.


I still gotta just How much you made in the last four months? 70,000 independent? Yes. Oh, that's dope. 4 8 12 71 4. Okay, that's, I'm making what you making. Alright. So what, Why that matter? I don't like, I'm getting outta here because I'm getting outta, I'm getting outta now. I I Like your business model. Like I I I My business model. Simple. Don't fold. No, I, I learned, I learned from You can don't Fold. It's, it's right. I can, I can, I can say it and I watch, I know I be acting loud sometimes, but I listen and I write it down and I go research.


This might be a little messy. Can I but can I, I'm, I'm, I'm sure I'm not being funny. Is a, is a i a personal goal of yours to be the person in the room making the most money? No. No. Hmm. A personal goal of mine is to make an impact on society, on Dikeman Park. I was there, but just to, that Shit was looking like above the rim out there in A positive way, Way ASAP was there, Huh? No. I I You left first J told me after You got outta there. No, I didn't get outta there. I was, I was No JL told me after your pops ASAP was there. But it's just to have an impact in the, in the content space and be able to take my brand and have someone buy into my brand.


If you understand what I'm saying. Like okay. He has everything. Like, like how he got everything. Like he has everything worked out already. He has this, he has that. He has writers, he has like, let's buy into that. Mm. And I don't have everything yet. If you're out there listening, there's a lot more that we need. Yes. So pencils, notebooks, book bags Come on, pen pencil, nigga. But you be trying to like you be It is sharp nigga and this way they get mad at me a lot about this. But you try to, you do what he does, but in a different way when it comes to Spotlight on you, you try to downplay it but you can't nigga you paying. I do it for different reason. You gotta Operation nigga. You have an operation. Hold on. Wait, hold. Lemme finish. Lemme finish real Quick. So how you know it's Different, you have an operation that puts out the content the next day.


That's already like you have an operation, you have an operation of how you, how you produce your content and how you distribute it at a rapid pace. I assume you to be bashful. No, you yeah. You wanna change the subject Y'all No. It Is the same subject Put on same Subject. No, we not leaving the subject. I like this subject. I assume you to be bashful Low Pro like an extension of that shot. He Tried to be He's not low. He's not low pro. He Is, He's not. I think he I think that not in public Think he tries to be Nah, He's low pro in public. When, I stop niggas from doing that. I'm doing that because they could send the wrong, they could send the impression that I'm happy Content And, and I'm not.


But You, I don't want to send that if you Follow. So like we kind of come from the same places. So we celebrate each other's The new pair of sneakers. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But We, we, we celebrate the Benz ain't Certain Levels. There are different people listening. And I I'm telling y'all that they got, they have, these companies have psychiatrists and, and psychologists for each, each and every person. For everybody. It's, it's deep. I'm telling you, these companies have, I forgot what movie I saw it. They have the foul cabinet. That's yours. Mm mm Where they have your last 30 years in the foul cabinet.


They have everything that your friends said about you in the foul cabinet. True. Before they come on that call in negotiating table, they they sent a team to read it. They sent them to Denver to study in the conference room. So we chilling. You Want Rolexes but Exactly, exactly. No, no. They don't play with me like that. No. And, and they don't play with me like that no More. And, and, and and even in your original Me and you had this conversation, your original Spotify deal, even if they could've given you more money, their view or their perception of you need to be happy that I'm doing this for you because I know where you came from. Yes. You understand what I'm saying? I know where you came from. It's the most money you've ever seen in your fucking life. So you need to be thankful that we are offering you this money.


Even if you are worth more money. Yes. That's na That's nasty. But if you walk to the table knowing that, okay, I know where I came from, but I also know where This shit is going. I'm not gonna No. But at that time When you at the table, you don't got a plan B and you ain't got fallback Saying They and they got the goal to say, them niggas said it to me, Joe, where you gonna make this kind of money? Yes. They, that's That's the thing. But what made, what, what, what made you walk away? Like what made You if you could When, you talk about your story, right, saying that I couldn't wait to make the 10, then I couldn't wait to make the 50 then I couldn't. Like you tell that story from on tour, from not having any money from foreclosures. What made you, what did they say to you in that office to make you say, I'm gonna bite the bullet. I'm walking away. What, what was it? Was it tonality?


Was it because in the conversation they didn't recognize your value? Was it somebody in your ear, your mans in them? Like we gotta go like what, what, what, what made? 'cause some people will fold. What made you, what made you not fold to them to the pressure? That's a good question. I Got, I know some of the answers. That's a good question. You Do. Yeah. Was a matter of just knowing what I know a lot of people that fold, that Nigga got that arrogant dick bro. But no, but that's, you can't, that's not true. That speaks volumes that okay, you think that I got you. I'm just Saying, but they had to sense That arrogance my nigga and belief in yourself. But They had to say something to him though. I just saying what When you sitting down, people could just, like he just said, said policy.


You think you gonna this money where you gonna much money. That that right There It is like a girl saying, yo, you ain't gonna find a better bitch than me. Fuck the fuck. You think You can get a better, but if you, But if you getting in a business and you analyzing a business and knowing that the the end goal, the long-term thing is I need to own this to, to whatever magnitude I need to own it to. Yeah. I know in this moment this might be the most money I can get at this moment, but if I hold onto it down the line there's way more value. But I'm pretty sure he, I'm sure it's also Just knowing, like he said earlier, knowing what the value of the product is. Yeah. The content. That's what I'm saying. If you know the value of the product is The concept, but I'm pretty sure they would've tried an Sure. you know, that then I'm pretty sure they would've tried to negotiate. Yeah. You gotta be able to, you gotta be able imagine it because it's somebody's job to try to make it come to fruition. So yeah, we need to be able to see what this could do.


If all things, if all things worked out, if everything was in its best case scenario. Like fucking, what was your question? I had something. What made you walk away? I was saying that. What did they say? What was that moment where you, you Know, it's not to walk away. you know what It is? If if I could do it for you, I could do it for me. Like I feel like that That's fine. Everybody Don't feel like that You do. I really feel Like that We had a conversation When you was at Complex. I remember that. Yeah. Anywhere I was at where it seemed like there was a, a tumultuous split for me it was, oh I could, I could do this complex revolt Spotify for sure.


And When I saw what they offered me. It was like, oh, y'all don't think so, y'all don't think very highly of me. Not because what you offered me, but because you're saying where are you gonna get this money? Got it And I think that goes into, I, this is my personal opinion. I think they see the value. Think They, you know, no, You goofy. You don't know. No better one. Let, let's say you worth two. We We know 'cause we already got the ad dollars, we got the matrix, we got me Metrices or whatever how you pronounce the portal, right? We already Got it. So We know in the next three years you're gonna bring us $300 million. But you don't know that. Right? Okay. Right. Cool. But again, because we have a file on you and whatever your file says, if we offer you 30 million, if we offer you 20 million a year, if we offer you 15 million a year over three years is 45 million.


You don't know that the 300 exists. Nor do you have the balls to venture out to go get the 300 million on your own here. I Got it. Right? And you Ain't never sniffed 45, 50 million and you've never sniffed 8 million, much less 15 million. We doing you a solid, right? Yeah. This shit is is and that's how they view it. Give. And if you are asking me, 'cause I'll, I'll answer your question on some nigga shit now. 'cause we on some business shit. The first sign for me normally is how people talk to you Monday. When you start versus Friday. Wednesday. Oh Midweek. Just give you a couple minutes on the job and then watch how everybody talks.


If there's too many people happy, if this whole company is happy and you just come and talking there. Complex. I used to come at six in the morning after coffee just on some bullshit. Niggas would be too happy at five 30. Like hold on, it's 6:00 AM nigga, why you ain't got coal in your, I was like, hey man, did they, did they get the security then they you whatever you want We got For No we got you for the low. Gonna talk to some of the people that's not on the level, the level them level niggas. They don't hold down. They're not gonna tell you nothing. You gonna be hot, they're not gonna tell you nothing. Go talk to the janitor.


Go talk to some of the niggas. That's just the intern hanging. Yeah. The niggas that just, he's dropping around. Nigga Academic said it Act know what's academic said it act know this nigga, this Nigga. They did anything we want with him. Yo, he get his hair, makeup, da da da da. They do anything he want. We was over here in the closet. Remember AK was said it. There you go. Do You think that That's what my smoking in the bathroom trick came from? Do you did That? You Did that. Tracy So I. Did y'all say something? Do you did that Tracy? Clarity? 'cause you know like they used, one of the people told me that they used what you was making a month or not a month, A year. When. you was over there as leverage to get a deal for themselves when When you left.


Do you think that, who used that? I, I'll tell you. Do you think that That was wrong? Do you that whoever did that, Do you think that with Tracy right? Do because you didn't know what you did. You always feel that way. Even When, you first went into radio that I need this or did Tracy say or did you accept What Tracy gave you? No, this is a big boy talk we talking about now. When. I went to do radio. I Got it. I was 23, 24 years old. So you accept, hey, in your twenties, do what you gotta do to get by. Got it I'm nothing I'm saying is for you. Like do what you gotta do in your twenties. No, I'm just saying during that, during that venture, did you notice anything like No. Oh You Didn't care? Okay. Got it Nor was I looking for shit. Got It Got it. Okay, okay. That's what I, That was purely a, that was part of my, what's the rule to take the 10,000 hour, that was part of my a hundred thousand hour route. Like just go there. Learn from the OGs, learn from Ebro.


Take experience. Yeah, do what you gotta do. Got okay, go learn. Go learn. Next. The next 15 years was learning music, mistakes, the radio mistakes, all of that was learning shit. Complex. All of the mistakes but When, you stop making them and now you get to compile all of This shit and Got it. Show the Shit that you learned. Got what you learn. It just goes, it goes differently. A a again, we condition differently today because everybody is given meta our entire life for free. That's true. We are given such and such our entire life for free. Yep. We are given X our entire life for free. So we're conditioned to think that there's no value to this stuff and that just couldn't be further from the truth.


you right now, you getting in front of somebody that's gonna be able to to talk Turkey with you the right way. That's different. But once you get that person, you better be stay ready. So you ain't gotta get ready. You better know what to say when they ask you, Hey, why should you be making X amount of dollars a year? What is this based on fucking, what is your potential growth? How you, how many years do you wanna sell? Do you want to, you better have answers to this stock. That Was a business plan. No said When. you start talking business, you asked another podcast and they said yo, I want a million dollars. You said, yo, tell me what that's based on. And they couldn't answer it. I don know they couldn't answer it. Now he might have went and got that million dollars but at the time when him and I talked, he couldn't tell me that at all. He just heard that. He just seen people that he thought he was on the same level as and hey, I'm throwing this out there.


But that ain't how the game work. Yeah. It is work. And again that's part of us black people. When. I say that the music people is leaning to tech. That's telling black people that we gotta go get versed in something else. We have to go figure out why you work. Whatever the fuck number that you asking for. Or we just gonna keep putting on YouTube assets. And The other part is When, you feel we have to start sharing amongst each other. 'cause we'll get that information and then Gate keep it. That's true. But like now it's like I went out and Got it. I figured it out. But if you share, but if you share with everybody, doesn't it become oversaturated? You gotta share with the right people. With the right people. No, because everybody ain't gonna do it. Everybody ain't gonna do it.


And and I told anybody with ears, hey, subscription, subscription, subscription subscription. Drop everything you're doing. Build subscription. Subscription, subscription. Hey fuck that AdSense. Fuck YouTube. I have, you know When I see our YouTube views when I'm looking for some of the lower tier content creators talking about us and I type in Joe Button. That's the only time I see my YouTube numbers. Mm. And I'd be mad having to scroll past, oh we did all right three weeks ago. Oh Shit two weeks ago. Oh I gotta talk to these niggas. But that's the only time I see it. I'm not looking at that shit. Fuck that ass since that. That should be doing good. All right. Happy for it. That ain't where I'm at. Got you. Subscribe, subscribe. Subscription, subscription, subscription.


You ain't no different than me. Which ain't no different from HBO, which ain't no different from Sirius. It's a subscription. It's You in front of your fucking face. Spotify, all This shit subscription. And we giving them niggas 70 pieces of content a month for AdSense, which is really 1% of 10%. Yeah. It's nasty. And everybody's running around happy. Mm. I wasn't supposed to hit a lick. So I know them niggas is mad at me. I know that every day I wake up I know that I was not part of the plan of, hey let's make sure Joe is okay. Nobody ever said that for me. I just kept fucking up, Up accelerating Got it.


Oh Shit conflicts. Teach me about Revolt. Revolt. Teach me about over here Oh. Shit over here. Teach me about don't you work there A couple of Oh Shit. All right. I Got it now. I kind of know. Yeah, you Understand the formula. Got it. I kind of know what's what's happening a little bit but, and that's it. I'm off on a tangent. No, I'm really happy fast. That was dope. That's a dope Shirt. What shirt I keep Fucking up Up, right? Yeah. I had another good idea for sure. Like break Bread was like broken pieces of bread. I'm corny. Yo. It's A hot G shirt break baby niggas, I don't care. Niggas don't wanting to break bread. That's true. When when did you get it? Yo, this nigga. Why he whispering? What happened? That New watch? I didn't see it before. Get on my face.


Yo. When did you get it? When we did a segment on it. When he came here with it and when he didn't wanna tell us about it. Oh, For real? Yeah, I was, I wasn't here though. Oh, don don't remember Because you know I got suspended a lot. So I wasn't here. No you don't. How many times you been suspended? Three times. Yeah. That's Not true. That's Kevin Twice. Can I, can I just ask please and I'm, I'm desperate. What you asking? No, everybody. Who's everybody? Yo dude Pod Anytime a nigga say this. I get a little scared. Yo, can I just ask something If you want to ask something, can I just a favor, can I just ask a favor? Wait, anybody liable to get offended? No. No. Fuck no. No. Can I just ask a favor? Sure. I haven't, I haven't purchased new things in quite some time. Right. I don't, I'm not really like the purchase, purchase new things.


Right. But When I do walk in here with new things. I never seen no New Balance. I ain't never seen 'em either. Oh. Those Old. I just don't wear don don't wear 'em like Yeah, yeah, yeah. Please don't mention it. Don't highlight it. I, I, I want, I'm broke. I ain't never seen Central Jo, but I want, I want people to continue. That's what told me it was Broke Niggas. Oh. Shut The fuck. Oh. Oops. Central joggers. Sorry. Oh I want to, I want, I want to continue This Shit. Supposed to say fear God. Right, right on the dick. Like then look shit, What the fuck are you doing boy? It is right there say essential. My dick ain't never said that. It say Fear of God. Bitch supposed to see This shit be the Oh Shit This. Shit. Essential.


You can't point at your man private bond Nigga. No, not. But look, essentials on the dick It is crazy. Point. Yo, that niggas bro. Yo, so bro, when they fear God send get away yo, fuck you. I got you the black I don money. I don't want that. I don't want that. Okay, so y'all, Y'all yo can I ask you something? The only people he doing, because I saw a tweet. I read your tweets too. I read everybody's tweets. I was on my way to make a cup of coffee. When you was lighting that fan up. Like, yo, yo, what's up with you? This nigga, Yo, he just get a moment and go crazy. But I like it because of what I'm doing. When I read it like I was fresh out with coffee. I think that my phone. Yeah Nigga you stupid ass, dumb ass nigga. And it's spell it supposed to be Bitch. That's, that's what I found so funny.


Correcting spelling of the internet. It is hilarious. That's a hilarious way to fire. I wanted to hit him. But You, If you proper education young man you would use the m fucking. That nigga said I'm always wrong and then posted some shit That was wrong. I'm Like, yo, what are you talking about? He posted another dummy that said I'm wrong. And I'm like, all right, cool. Yo, you Done. He your tweet said, and as a crew we just gotta get it together like we do. We gotta move in some type of unison. I don't want to control nobody, but we do have to like sometimes I already know what you're talking about. Your tweet said, yo y'all I'm just walking around the Bronx.


No, no, no, no. I ain't walking around the Bronx no more because That's not what happened. Because I took a walk around the Bronx. That's not what happened. That's not what happened. That's not what happened. That's not what Happened. But wait, before you go, I just want to be on the record saying I don't care what happened but stop walking around the No, they learned him. They learned him For Please stop there. They ran down him in the Bronx. No one No have he one walking in the Bronx. Okay, listen, listen. A beat Street, listen, a king of the beat. My son. My Son, my son is training for boxing. He needed boxing shoes. So you walked, so you Walked to go get 'em? No So I looked up a spot that sold specific spots. He has Big Feet.


So. I needed a certain size. None of this says Walk in The Bronx. I looked up the stores. Oh it says order Online. I looked up the, I looked, I'm one of the people that I like to Amazon Pick up and bring them right there. Oh. So, I go. And I find a spot that's a, in the Bronx Uber. I'm one of the people that like to go myself. Yeah. I like to see what I purchased and purchase it and go home with it. Yeah. I'm I'm not one of y'all niggas. I don't do all that ordering Shit. Oh my God. So, I got the, I got the, went there to go get the shoes. The spot was in the Bronx. And you Walk There? No, I didn't walk. But you have to walk outside of a car and then go into a spot. So as I'm getting out of the car, press you and walk into the spot. No one pressed me. Why You looking at me? I ain't say it nigga. The tweet Ran like you got pressed.


I ain't gonna Hold you. No one, no one pressed the dry Either like he got pressed or like he's had enough of being a fucking popper. Like he got tired of walking. Like I don't, just don't. Yeah, I, I, I, I one first off, I ain't. And you know what I thought about what? And be honest. See do cast go different with Mel now I can just be honest. Messenger. Go ahead. Go Ahead and be honest with me. Would you be mad if I got you like a Ultima or something Hyundai? Nigga, nigga niggas, Nigga. Who niggas you started laughing first You nigga. And why you had say ul nigga, nigga let's Do this. Yeah, let's do Max Maximums was when it started. That's a good car.


Yeah. Maximum Ultima. I'm I'm not buying my man no Ultima. If I'm Rich. How about my Man at Maximum? No, no. Wait, wait. Wave, wave. I'm not, wait not no fucking Ultima bro. Yo. Some of the baddest bitches in America got Ultima yo. Yeah Y niggas y nigga black people though. we know Y we done. Y'all do know y'all talking about me At Nigga now You talking about me. Y do know y'all talking about me. Right. And I'm standing right. Chill the fuck out. Everybody chill out. Tweet, tweet. Chill out. Ain't buying no Ultimate chill out First let's get something clear. I have off me. I have, I have purchased a car. Oh. Oh. So let's When hold up what we got, just Say when I'm not saying what I got, I'll just, You'll see C Rx With the muff.


Got. It got Malibu. Ali Let's do Got S go. Let's Go. Yo. Let's do This. Shit. How many times I go around Shit Said if I go around looking a certain way, that's your fault because if I'm working for you, I should be moving certain way. So if I'm driving a Altima that just only says you ain't paying Me enough. I heard anything. Nah, nah. I don. Nah When you suck me. You bitch nigga I heard Dirty. You came to me. I Got mad at what? So if I don't pull in here with something that look clean, it just look like you ain't paying me enough.


Y'all nigga gonna be clean. I can't believe black people can't buy a man. No Ultimate you can't buy a man your male friend a car car. Don't try to move to Gold post. No we talking about a Nissan Ultima bro. Well agree to Car first. Yes, yes. You can. Yes You can. Yeah. So now there are you about to buy car on what car? You can buy your friend who's walking around the Bronx. Yes. Yes. Don't buy my Ultima if Rich. Yes, yes. Wait, wait, Wait, wait, wait. That's car. That niggas are still talking about me in front of my face. I'm not walking around. No. Hold on. But hold on. Get the fuck outta here nigga. Read your tweet. Lemme read your tweet. I can't blame you because I remember when they had the conversation about, About, about I used to have a Altima. Well it was, it was Rachel. I'm gonna read his tweet. Read my tweet. Okay. I love the borough, the Bronx I was born and mostly raised in.


But today might be the last time I ever walk a BX block again. Exclamation point, exclamation point, exclamation point. Walk a BX Block and then you got the sad face walk. A block does not Say you walking. Wait the sad face Put a sad face all. So I'm putting tens. Nah, now it's come with 10 fish. Put a the stand. You sound like the lock skit with the J jerking niggas like yo, what are you talking about? No, no. I think y'all, I think that's crazy. Just for podcasts sake. I think that's crazy. Hey yo dog. If a nigga just cop you a car, that's fine. I don. That's the batty car with a ribbon nigga. Joe Carolina Blue.


Yeah with the big Scissors. No Got it. Lemme tell you something. You put his name on the, he got, he got, he got a, he got a, lemme tell you something right now and Take the windshield too. I Just want, I just want y'all to know at some point I am in this room. Oh no. you know somebody treat It like I'm in this room. I'm done with you now I'm on them. Yo. You wanted to sit, what's the floor on cars? You ain't want the Altima. You wanted to sit. What is the floor on cars? You can buy your friend You can buy him. No Ultima, you can't buy him No Ultima. I didn't just answer my question. What's the floor? Just gimme the lowest model car You can buy your friend. Okay, so it's relatives look more words. Relatives. I'm talking to you. I don want hear buy my relatives. Nah, fuck you telling relative. Yo, go ahead. It depends on how much money you got. Why that's wrong.


That's not true. Because of now your options are different. It is wrong. That's not true. It's not, that's Not true nigga. Fred is Rich. Just gimme the floor model. I need a M better Nigga a Nissan. No I'm not. I'm not going with that. Oh Shit You can buy a nigga a Maximo. You can buy a nigga a Cherokee You can Buy. Nigga I'm not driving a Cherokee. A Honda Accord. I'm not driving a Cherokee. You said a Honda Accord. Wait, you said a Honda Accord. Honda Accord. You wait. You taking a Honda Accord and say no to a Altima? Yes. Yes. A Honda Accord is a better car. Honda Honda Accord And the maximum are equivalents. They Are what you talking about? A Camry, a Honda, a Maxima. That is the word. Alright. You think about a Honda. Honda Civic nigga, we not talking about a Honda Civics back In the day. Honda Accord. You don't want me to get a car a a Accord.


I got train Accord. It's a good car. So you gonna get 'em less than what you got Trey? I don't look at a Ultima like that. Yes, It is, It is I want y nigga. I want y nigga to know. And I Googled the new Camry the other day just because I was like, Camry, Camry been ill my whole cam life. Lemme see what the what And guess what. That shit still fire that shit. Camry, Camry, Camry. I'm Gonna fuck one of you niggas off. You keep walking the box. You keep walking Yo. You gonna have to buy yourself some boxing shoes When 'em niggas cut you in the pizza. Boxing. Boxing gloves. Nigga, I'm gonna box niggas in here minutes now keep playing with me. He rather dis us. What size you in?


I don't go sign nothing. I don't nothing. I'm telling y'all This Shit. I'm telling y'all. We riding with s asshole nigga. I'm telling y'all Oh. Shit. I fought with that. All right, we riding with S asshole. Which one of y'all Stop? Stop, stop, stop. Which One of y'all, which one of y'all I knew he was look at YI know he gonna look at me. He my man. But Which one of y'all? Which one? Which one of That is Yourman? Yeah, you said that shit. And the niggas, you know I like him. Don don't know him. I do too. I like him. I do like him. That's my man. But you know. Yeah, that's cool. I hit him behind him On Paton. I do think we should talk about that. 'cause That is like, that's a good topic. What happens when somebody you like do something or say something to somebody that you love? I I don't want nobody about Somebody You love.


I don't want nobody getting involved in anything. 'cause I, at the end of the day, I'm a man I think that what happens is though, when, in my opinion, how can I put it? Like it's just things. That is intentionally misconstrued. I I do it all the time. I intentionally misconstrue something to get at somebody. But I'm a nigga that When you get at, I I'm gonna have a response for you in real life. So I, just It is what It is. But That's, I think that's what that could be why people get at you I think that's what money just said to you. Yeah, but I'm but he not the the the the the real life shit he talking about. I'm not, I'm on some different type of real life shit. We not like that with each other. This is my man. If he say something, I'm gonna take it out. Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm questioning that 'cause we done had too many talks about you saying stuff up here. You, hey, that's what you do. You telling to the people when they don't fuck with you to get them back on your side to put it on me.


I I'll be the back again. Get, get whatcha talking about. I'm right now. Hold on now I'm gonna say keep this in. But who don't fuck. Who don't fuck you. I'm right now, now I'm right now crossing the line that Imani asked me not to cross by making fun of his personal business. So I went against all Coles and Creed. I didn't think I did that, but he said I did it. So whatever comes with that, I'm willing to accept from him. I want to be the bad guy. I did it again. I made the work environment uncomfortable again. I want you guys all to know that. And I did it intentionally to offend him. So now we have to look at the, we have to look at the, at the paperwork and say Flip is causing an unstable environment.


And this is my man, I love him. But he said he had Questions. You're not getting fired while you run around with the amp niggas. If that's what you think. Because I love this nigga. Me and this Nigga out. Him. No, you here nigga. Go ahead. Go turn up. Turn. Hey we on, you know fucking shit up, up here Bud Amp Not now. You gonna be here for the end of that shit nigga. Hell no. Another, you got another streaming too. You trying to be in the shower with them niggas? Nope. No. Shit. You get in the shower with them niggas ing. What's the names? Speed. Nah, but speed. Hey, hey listen, I I only say what I said nigga. No jokes are jokes. The jokes are cool. I'm just saying we've had a conversation before about When. you add things about other people who don't wanna be spoken about up here, especially in a negative connotation.


Make it seem like they were either used or played or that that makes me look like a bad guy. I don't And let's just say I wasn't a bad guy. Let's just say I'm a bad guy guy. Let's just say I'm a guy that, that I Might not wanna be known to the public as that guy you said I might wanna keep that in the tuck and keep a seat. I just, I just, I just thought it was funny on some and Find somebody that got a Bentley next time I Oh. Wow. I didn't hear what he said. Find somebody that have a Bentley next time. That's fucked up. That was very fucked up. That's a yo. But listen Brooklyn a joke. I need to Google the New, I don't know. What's the joke no more up here? Nah, I don you I don know you watch yo, why do y'all do the duct lips? Yeah. I don know you joking. That's what I'm saying. You've Been doing that shit for years. You watch Nigga I don you watch Niggas dis me, you Got it early in the morning.


You ain't hit me up and say flip your eye. Nah, I don't need you 'cause I just hold you down. You didn't, I did. I always hold you down that peace. Who y'all. Yeah, everybody, anytime they speak about you down, you know me down either nigga. But you did ask me. You did ask me. Here's the thing, listen on what real quick. Let, lemme close this real quick. I think that people want to misinterpret things intentionally in order to, because they may not be acknowledged by me in period. And I understand that. 'cause I, I do that sometimes as well. I take a little thing and make it bigger than what It is. You said a joke pertaining to a skit convention. I didn't say that. Called it a content created convention. When we talked about the promo promo, Jim called me. He was ex excited. He was like, that's love. I appreciate that I left there and left That a wonderful event.


It Looked like a great event. Yeah, I, I don't see what the problem Is. I left a wonderful, that was a wonderful event. I left there with, let me see, how can I say? With, with with, with just great respect for everyone that put it together. I left there with respect. Like That is dope now, but you were the problem. Now here's the thing, here's the thing, you know? Yeah. People think one thing that the gentleman said is that yo, you know, flip the said that he didn't go to the first one because I'm there. But that's not true. Anybody that knows me and if you hear JR talk, I don't go to events because of how they act. Not the people that threw it. It's just the people that's there. Yeah. You don't go outside around being because they yeah. That it was had nothing to do with him. You said that a bunch of times when When, I, When I said I walked in there, they said my name 'cause and it wasn't 'cause of anything I did.


It is because I got surrounded. It's what you bring with. Yeah. I just don't want to be a part of that. It has nothing to do with the people that's throwing it. Never. It's just that I, when Sta told me last time, yo, make sure you come. I said Stacey, you know I don't wanna be around all them people. It's just the people. It's just, I don't wanna film no skits and get grabbed and touched. So that's just what happened. But at the end of the day, you know, I heard what, what nigga said, you know, we gonna take it, we gonna take care of it behind the scenes. I'm definitely excited to see where this goes as as men, you know what I mean? And we gotta stand on what we say and that's where I leave it. I have nothing bad to say. I think that. I think the live, the live bodega and the event that was put, I think it's called IFC, I was calling it Content Creator. IFC. Yeah but I think that was a great event. It was dope. Everybody, that shit was fired in me.


That shit was dope. I left it with a, I put it on my YouTube. Yeah YouTube. I left it with a whole new impression on everyone. you know what I mean? I do, I do stay away from certain things and because of the whole situation with me and Mav So, I stay away from taking pictures and doing things at that moment. But When, you think about it, it's like okay you, oh so you talking about the thing with Esso? Yeah. Yeah because that's what he brought up. He said that he, you know he was on his side. So I was just talking shit. You know, just go Anything I said here I'm only, I'm only. But you Thought that those your people you said that and you also stated to me like y'all niggas never cleaned shit up. Like I don, you let shampoo get that shit off saying that I used him as a tool, as a negotiation tool.


Like and you never cleaned it up. You went on spaces mad times and never said yo a oh by the way flip never to No it's the truth. It's the truth. You never said it. You cracked a joke with me over there. Corey was holding you down. It was Awful. I've never gone on spaces and said the word shampoo once. I've never done that. That's not true. I've never spoken about shampoo. But did you not say to me that, what did you not Nigga ain't private to you. I'm joking to you but I can put myself, I didn't like It. I never vocalized that con. I've never said none of that. I don't like that. It's not fair to put that narrative about me Joe put the narrative about me that I'm yo y niggas is crazy. Yo, you fucking nuts. It's not nigga you're crazy.


Say to he said yeah he is. To say I used somebody as a negotiation. He's not saying That is saying that. Yo, you'll put a narrative about somebody and you think it's cool. Kiki ki ha ha ha you. right. And the world supposed to know's just a narrative. I got you. Okay. Okay You guys one, we've told him that time and time again. Of course I don't think he gets it Yet. I do get it. Two I. don can we move? I wanna talk about some money. Shit. Yeah. Oh We talk about some I like, I like that like y'all know I just learned that the car insurance companies charge charge you more and the car when the car is red. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's old. You ain't know that. Well you've been getting red cars since you was Nah, I worked for insurance. Nah, I didn't know that.


That's Red car. Didn't know Red and black. Red and black and black. What? What's the reason for that? Sports cars. Sports car. They sports car, the red shit. Yeah. Have you got all the other shit in there? I guess they got some metric that show the red niggas be racing and crash and they shit. So sports Cars not just that, depending on where you live, red cars are more attracted to Thieve. To thieves. Yeah. So I didn't Know that about When an insurance, when an insurance company is, it's a risk assessment. So basically when they take your policy on the question to themselves is what's the likelihood that we're gonna have to pay some money out. That's it. So when they say okay, how old are you? You unmarried, you single whatever. What zip code do you live in? These are all factors that play into your insurance rate. A thousand percent. Nigga stay farming, walking through the door.


Nigga you a potter trying to use his skills from a previous job. No nigga. Nigga You gotta know how to play the game. Trying, he trying to inform you. Yeah. I'm trying to let you niggas know what's up. Nah but that's dead as Got it boy I ain't getting no red no more. You know I had red cars for a minute. I ain't and two doors. What about dark red like bur don't Matter. Don't matter. It is red And I think that Mercedes is pulling a move with the 2025 Maybach. What? It's A sl? Yeah, It is a sl. Yeah it's the It is the It is the converter. It's it's a rag top that almost contradicts Maybach. There's nothing happening in that two door rag top that ain't happening in the SL. And that should be happening in a Maybach.


Let's just Compete with the Bentley convertible shit GTC. That shit was hot though. I saw that red shit. I'm corny. If I get a Bentley I'm old school. Right. Like eighties. don don't think So nine necessarily. Wrong. Hell no. No nigga the Ultima Steve Style Oh Shit Nigga that too though. My man head. That shit was crazy. I'll go get 30 Altimas nigga Give out. You get Ultima. You get Ultima. I seen you tweeting about the giveaway nigga. What's up? I go to Jersey City giveaway Ultimas. Nigga keep Playing You can giving it away. I'm stop please. I was talking about the PS five for the kids. Nah, I was, I was about to do a that's dope. I was working on a giveaway with Ian. I got This. shit it came too late. It's kind of the month over. I was gonna do the book bags and all that shit.


School supply shit. I don't know if that's, well I was telling Ian, I was telling Ian the idea I had. I said yo, let's go and go through the Patreon. don don't know how he, you know he y'all got the back backend, whatever. Let's pick out 10, maybe 20 teachers and fund their supplies for the, because teachers gotta pay for their own supplies. Yeah. Teachers in the hub having to pay for their own school supplies. Shit. Yo, I, because like last year some people was posting their Amazon wishlist of just their supplies that they need and bro that shit be like 150, $200. Yeah just to get them through the year. It ain't, it ain't crazy expensive. They already don't make but they don't make no money and the school make you pay for your own shit. So I'm like we and they, they closing down all the cheap supply places now.


Dollar Tree, dollar Shit Dollar gone out Business family Dollars gone. I started talking about that Dollars gone. They closed like 400 foot boxers. She's gone. They closed mad shit like Mad CI knew Locker was gone mad. CVS is closed, some Starbucks, a bunch of that shit closed. Shit I knew folks one was on the way When, you Closed. I'm about to totally freestyle right now. don don't have no facts but I think Family Dollar was closing for different reasons. Maybe don Don't know. Didn't they Dollar Tree ain't Family Dollar or is it Dollar Tree? One of them. They both kind of the same shit but one of them got no one of 'em is The real big lawsuit to where they was like hey y'all are inflating differently And they had to pay out it was shorts compared to what they make.


I think it was Family Dollar. So they closed some stores to make it look like I'm All hit. But they making a killing Family Dollar. This was February of this year. Family Family dollar stores. Who that Who That ass on each phone something Something Joe done threw in my algorithm. They got a $41 million class action. We won't never fight before one of us die too. Like that's the thing, we gonna have a lifetime of speaking to each other this way like without fighting. It's too late to fight that something That's hold the fucking algorithm. Anybody Why I order, You know look Guy that's the OnlyFans shirt on because the phone here I talk go to go to the profile.


You see a link at the top? Hit that link. These fucking chicks Is taking that OF link out of there. They trying to fucking no Link Tree? No I'm in the link tree. I be searching. They got like they fucking art stores and Candy lime bitch everybody got yeah Swimsuit boots. All of hey yo. That's funny. I learned the trick. So they used to try to put it all the way in the bottom but now they have a lot of things in the link tree and try to put it like in the middle where you, where you might miss it by swiping fuck outta here bitch I still see it. I caught a lot of them like that. Yeah, you caught what? I caught a lot of them meaning that I watch a lot of their own fans. I do nigga I still jerk off nigga I'm not nigga I'm not, I'm not lying nigga I'm doing fuck. I told my wife that the other day.


Hey same I told, I told my wife I'm happily in the still jerk off crew. Three, two. My wife, my wife, my wife came to the crib and said yo, hold on. So she said I gotta say that but I told you I let one loose you go while your while, while your wife is home. You have a quote why She goes hell yeah. Goddamn damn nigga she be downstairs down be Yeah, yeah you gotta get shit nigga just don't hit it with the yo. The wind blow wrong nigga. Ever since I took that cam on, shit. What's that shit called? Oils pink. That shit nigga. Wait, wait, wait, wait. You taking the stimulation for yourself? No I don beat off is nasty. It real supposed to juice. Listen, listen lemme talk.


Lemme talk crazy. That's crazy. Hey yo. Listen, listen yo nah I you do nigga. I wanna the do. Hey you better not lemme just tell y'all real quick. Let him go first. I mean only that's crazy. Hey yo, so so the nigga Sugar gave me two horse bottles. Shout out the sugar I had shout out to Sugar. Shout to Cam. I have one in the crib. My wife found one in the car. She didn't see the one on the dresser. She found the one in the car like, oh where you, where you going with this? I'm like girl you don't don't start questioning me and shit. So, I had to I I said it was, it was for us.


Pay a pressure, drink that shit right there. I man Mid Midafternoon nigga. And I can't, she was, she had, she had you laugh at me. She had to leave. I had to let that shit go. That shit I ain't, I ain't all the way I was walking outside the yo Take some, The wind blew my shit Started getting nigga stiff. I'm like Oh Shit. What the fuck? And you had the tight sweats on you be wearing? Yeah yo, You don't wear your sweats Baggie. Hey your T-shirt short? Nah, this, these are baggie. Hey yo, I had to let some shit off. So she came in the crib like yo, you know what's up. I I, I was still ready but I had to let her know if you Smell something nigga you know, you know that's Listen bro, I ain't asking Wait, wait.


Lotion not asking Lotion. Oh and you still use I'm say you got, I'm about to say you don Don't use lotion. I I use the raise action. The Smell The what? Smell what the fuck is that? I'm Googling. you know what That is? What the fuck, what is Raza? You know what That is? What is that? you know what It is too? What is Raza? I'm Marks don't know what It is. Don't nobody Google nothing that That shit In the nineties before we knew about no all of the great body lotions and body butters. Yeah niggas used to run to the the pink shit. Oh R-A-Z-A-Z.


We used to run to the hair supply shop. Yo my nigga you ain't like this. You talking about the pink cheap? Yes Super. It's strongest smelling lotion in the world. See you touch The top, Put it on you. It is going burn. You gonna burn yo. What's wrong with you? I did that before nigga you was crazy. I was a kid. That's not, I didn't raise Don raise That Raise. That is like one in a million lotion. Hey dog, you don't have to live like this. No yo dog, he's crazy. Where You get that from? Go get you some Astro Glide or No you, you get Ray Z from any of plaster. That's Mary Kay I'm Why He Got it? No because I think when we was moving the crib, when we was, here's the thing When, you moving the crib, you found a lot of shit that was dead for mad long and I leave that shit.


You Throw it out. So what I'm saying? Nah like and and the top was looking little nigga I had to get my shit off. Nigga You beat up with some old old Shit because I either, either that or Tea tree or soap but the tea tree or yo you are outta here. Monster Order in the Fucking dick bro. You should be locked. My dick peeled locked and I still let my wife get my shit. I was horny holy let's still go peeling and all that. I don't give a fuck this nigga shit. Dog ain't mad. T-shirt. Sometimes I take, I took Adderall When, I was already focused. Yo no team could beat us. Hey yo family. That's some wild Shit yo. Sometimes it'd be a Friday night you go into the strip club, you grab your, your your favorite sweaters and pop one of them boys.


So talk about it just So. I didn't know what time It is. That's Way back in the day. Way back in the day. But that's different. But you not popping The pill to for the beat off When you leave there. What do you think you're doing and the pill's still in there Back in the day you or today You, I mean anything I'm talking about is back in, back In the day you you was gonna get a nut while you was still there. This is nasty. So now I get it. This what you working with mama feel that thing. But I'm Not coming home to beat one off with a blue boy. I'm Pop Pop Jordan. You should actually shouldn't do that. Especially if you go to mermaids where that back room is $150 like paid the $150.


So you ain't gotta watch these bitches from the stage. Oh you Allowed to say that? Yes. Oh they promote that. That's how much private dance run, Private dance Run. It's not hidden I gotta paid Less. You pay the house fee, private dance go in the back with your two or three or one. I mean depending on what type of vibe you in. Favorite dancers. Hopefully they have a relationship so they just work your whole, I mean a long time ago. Yeah Every full body massage. The old worm man It is fully renovated. Yeah I know you Talking about we back in the day, back in the day, back in the day Long time Ago. Like You niggas is sick. We are sick For popping A blue boy just beach. That's crazy. you right. That is never No nigga never.


Nah don don't even want with hand I don That is that shit. He right that raise actually peeled your skin off nigga. And you know your shit is sensitive. So under This, shit that shit was cramp. I didn't care how This shit felt good to me. It was the thrill nigga. Nigga. I thought it was Michael Jackson was in the, no not like that Thriller was on Ish. Tell me about He go straight to Ish. Tell me about, tell me about your man. Yeah, Ish is the president of Newark. So when it's Newark business I go to Ish. Tell me about your man on the bus because I know that was your friend. He look your age. Oh the nigga that got spat on Corey definitely know Corey. That was your man, the nigga that got spat on. Did you know that real don Don't know that nigga.


Corey, let's talk about it. If you listening in the audience We talk about a clip. That is gone viral of a bus driver telling all the patrons on that bus move. Y'all Scoot on back there, y'all move back. Screw don. Don't know why that young dude was still in front of him at that point. Yeah he should have been part of the move back crew. And the young dude spit or spat as the news called it on the driver and the driver handled his business. That driver was arrested. I'm not certain if he's been released at the time of his broadcast. But my question to y'all is why if somebody spit on me, is he not taken away? Yeah that's he should be. It's assault. That's assault. That's that's assault. So New Dude would get a charge. He was not taken away.


If he spit on me and I win the fight, like if I beat you up, you don't go. You don't go nowhere. He Might have said spit on it says both men faces a charge of aggravated assault. So he did get charged too. I didn't see them say they took him away or in jail. Okay. That makes me feel better. I guess the bus drivers have more responsibility I guess or looked at differently. you Know that's a, that's a big crime. Any level of assault to a and New York Day. The signs right on the thing. If you fuck with the Driver. Yeah I think you know somebody is way worse than what that bus driver did. You talking about Tell my man face that Fluids and functions. You tell That nigga face that. Yeah His face gonna heal up if he got some shit in his spit and it get true. You can, You can be Bad. I'm The dog shot that nigga son. He beat the, he beat The nigga head was hanging off to the chair.


I'm like wait, wait yo bro, he beat the cowboy. He didn't really punch him up like that neither. What he was just choking? He No, no no. It's two angles. Oh. The second angle came out yesterday. Oh. I ain't see that. They caught him for the front. What nigga was hanging off the side? He beat the shit out. That boy yo did bad. I just saw him. No, no, no. Oh okay so you hada Hada pulled him off on the floor. He took him off the chair. Oh I ain't see that. Had him on the floor. Merry Christmas. So we, we So he's been dealing with shit for years and got that shit off. That was his divorce punches. But what that was his, We as the uncle podcast like as the podcast of washed men. That is us Should, we should have addressed this. There are way too many young kids today that are of the belief that the bus driver suite, I don't know when that starts.


Oh Yeah. No the bus driver, the janitor, like they be thinking all of them nigga. Yo, if you go to McDonald's, well especially around my age, if you went into McDonald's and an old black dude was working there maybe forties, don't fuck with him. Leave him alone. Yeah. Just came home. That nigga just came home from jail. That is his mother fucking halfway house Job. Y'all gotta know the job that the just came home niggas Is getting right and this is his restraint but he trying exercise restraint to kill fucking you up. It's in him. My man told him like you, you going do what? Oh yeah, you got the right one. Hey yo, y'all move back please. He For real.


Yeah. You like nigga, you know got the right one. No listen, listen all of That is, there's a terminology in there. He missed all of the sign language and the signs that come before that type of crash. No listen, but but what, what were they arguing over? We Know. Oh that part was never reported. It don't even matter. Got it Got it Got It. One dude spit on the other dude and then it popped off. Yeah. Yeah. Spit. Spit is an assault. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Spit is that's Ass whooping. Yeah spit is one of the things that even at my most mature state, I don't know. No I don't know. I don know if I'm gonna just spit on you I don know if I'm gonna just wipe this that off and go I don know. So There's no self defense. Self It is a good spit or two pauses. Like the nigga that Nigga that can make that shit.


That's a straight target. Yeah shit. Just hit your cheek. You, You gotta kill the nigga now. Nah it might be worse. It might be worse if it's a shotgun spit. Yo. If it's a bad spitter. No, no Uhuh that, that that straightened. Nah I saw A spit and a slap is like the two things you gotta instantly fight bro. That shit hits spit worse. Spits worse. Spit is worse to show. But It is way worse. Slap It is a Sometimes could be like It is Demoralizing though. No yo A slap is demoralizing. It Is but it depends on the slap. If it's a little bitch that I Slap I don was beat a slap like everybody else does. Shit. I've seen niggas in the hood get the whole entire shit smacked out of them. Deal with it, beat a laughing stock for a week and then circle back.


Yeah. And then it was bad. You shouldn't have smacked him. That was the wrong person to smack Spit. It's Up right then and there. Yeah it's up. Yeah. So you see somebody get smacked and then circle back and get it off. 1000%. Yes. Really? Yes. Yes. Get off. Which way this way or this way? Never That just Got it this Way. Nigga. Nigga laughed at that nigga for a week. That nigga knew where Hey everybody at. He goes right to fucking sail off court. Right To fucking Union and Jackson somewhere Different kind Of slap. And they say one nigga say ain't that That shit fire drill, fire a drill Fire drill gun It is over. Niggas ain't playing. You can't just be putting your hands on nigga Like that nigga you smack got a gun spitting on Somebody. None of you gotta have spit on.


Right. No, no, no. I got spit on. I've never been spit on By girl Oh. wow. I Never a girl is different. I've been spit on my girl. Yeah I Mean I, I spit on my girl. I have two but a guy spitting on you. That's crazy. Where would I beat the devil? What happened? The strip, The niggas or everybody in the strip club think they can fight. Nobody's starting to fight by spitting The nigga that could spit in new Spit, they gonna say something to make not even do that something my dick your mother bitch ass nigga But. Yeah. Yeah Like us. Just The nigga that spit on you today ain't even, I don't even think he ready for what come after that. I don't even think he know. Yeah he's somebody I think that ain't been around. Yeah To spit on a nigga today.


You gotta know what that means. It is a Yeah I only seen that on the internet and at no jumper. Nigga are Just Oh yeah. Spitting on somebody to set a fight off that shit get you. Oh Yeah nigga did do that. That Shit get, Get your dick knocked in the sandbox nigga I'm It is over. And you wouldn't do that in the strip club. 'cause strip club, part of strip club etiquette is assuming that everybody in here got something on it. True. That's for sure. It's just assuming that hey everybody parked right outside And that go, that goes back to niggas thinking the bus driver suite. Yo, that bus driver look like yo Wait and I said that wrong. There's a comradery that comes with that for the people that's living on another side of town. Just make it sound like everybody's is in there strapped up. So you're scared cowboy shit.


Like there's a silent unspoken like understanding et It is like a brotherhood's understanding that that's true. Almost like a man. That's true. you Right. you right Who spit. I felt bad for that boy. I don't know how old that boy was. I ain't Feel bad. He, he got some act Right. People tend to play with people that have like city jobs and all that jobs period. But. yeah. Like you think. You think That is sweet. You think that accountant is sweet? Yeah. Yeah. Y'all, I Told y'all to stop that white dude at the clip right now. The white dude went to McDonald's and tried to grab that little young girl. Wait what? A white dude was at McDonald's and he was having a discrepancy with a very short woman behind the counter and he grabbed her. Oh did see that. And she was the right one. I did see that. Yeah. And she came grabbed him and just Really To hit that girl off of him.


Yes. One, two, there's another clip going around viral right now. This one I've watched at least 700 times. 700 streams from just me. Good for us of the dude. It's a big older black man. He added a vacation resort somewhere. I guess he's like a, I'm freestyling 'cause I'm not reading This shit. Let's say if it's Four Seasons. He's the top member, elite club member of the Four Seasons. So this white couple was mad that the black couple was being serviced before. Before them at the spot. So the white white dude's wife is the one spasming, white dude is taller and he takes a little walk, he's quiet and then his wife or girlfriend decided to walk up to the black dude who's tall and got some size on him.


He looked like a retired one of them. And he was facing another way and she grabbed him by the hair and tried to yoke him back and he turned around and used all his might and laid her man clean out. He didn't get up for the next seven minutes in this video. Oh Shit. And then she still, this white girl was trying to, oh my god. I was trying to get buck black people taping it like yo, I told y'all separate them. I told y'all to deal with the discrepancy and the first thing you supposed to do is remove separate the parties that got the issue. That nigga was still on the floor Eight minutes. Went and got your nigga knocked out then got girls. Never think about that Party. They never do.


They never think About you could get Nigga killed nigga and knocked the dude out. Yes. Yeah. He ain't gonna hit her so he all cool. Your man right there, that's called where it though It is. That's right. It is your fault anyway. It is, It is your fault anyway. You ever dated a woman that you had to have that conversation with? Like yo, you need to just, I only dated because don don't get that far. I only dated really one loud girl in my twenties. Mm. Only one girl that was real loud that could ever even get you on some shit like that. I never got far with 'em. Once I realized that That is amazing. Yeah. I dated a girl at Roll Rage. She'll roll a window down and throw anything in the car at the window. Oh hell. Oh that's crazy. Yeah. Oh yeah. Nah, they gonna throw something back today. Yeah. I was with a girl that just ran around fighting niggas. All you gotta do is when they call you a abruptly and say where you at?


Just lie Texas Job interview a job interview at three in the morning. I'm, I'm on the toilet. I'm gonna be here for the next four hours. Yo. Yo. Need me to run the Pennsylvania because she get you some shit boy. Lou get you some shit. Oh man. Tell me about it. What? Alright, today was a late day. I like this part. We was just shooting the shit and now three hours have gone by. I do want to tell y'all that Maxwell's doing a tiny desk. I'm be excited. Oh that's gonna be Max Maxwell Ain't about to go on tour. That's gonna be five. Where You gonna be? Maxwell Tour ain't bad up in no more Nigga.


These fucking tours I keep, the algorithms will show me a tour and then When I try to find the city It is in, it's tough to find it, but somewhere around Halloween Silk and can you sweat And Jodeci and one 12 and L seen GI Think I seen, I was like, wait, I'm flying. Where? I still don don't know. don don't know Still. I'm gonna find it. I'm gonna hit Tank. See, I know. Now I'm gonna just hit Tank. Hey, hey, where, where is that? The fuck you Should call Tank for that bullshit? He said, but we can, I knew he was gonna, yeah. November 9th. 90 seconds for you. November 9th. November 9th. Where is it? Barclay? Oh No, see Yeah. The one I saw was somewhere. RBRB forever Tour Bell. Devo. TGT.


Yep. Tank Silk. More names on here. Hold on, let me load It up. November 9th. That's four days before shorty birthday. That sound all right? That's a nice show. Yeah. You said when is it in dc I don't see DC on here Ma. Sorry. You don't even, why you don't like Going to the Barlay? Who said don don't like on Barlay? No, Because every time something at the Barclay you don't go. I go to the Barclay. I actually in in, in recent times, I might, depending on the act, I might prefer it more than the Garden. Oh, okay. Maybe depending on who's there. Every Time somebody said the Barclay Nick. Yeah. Barclays was dope. I ain't, we had a, we had a blast in the Barclay for Nicky. Shit, you never hit that white bitch with the big cities. Right.


You ain't even DMing nothing. You the man on the lo He revealing like the man When you walk through. He Is the man. You all told the story already that I did it with no words. But I'm surprised you didn't hit the, the spin. I'm surprised because I know who she is. I seen her. That ain't action. You the risk can't into action. But he told me the story. Get The fuck outta nigga. She got a car. Look that joke, the joke. Take it out. Get mad. Take it out. Get mad at it. Take it out. It's out too late. It's out already. It's out. I made the block. Nah, she ain't bad. No, no, no Car my man. I can hear ya.


Toxic brain. Alright. I don't think I have nothing else. That Oh Shit. Oh nah, we could discuss it on Tron, but if you want to, if you want to step the take real Quickly. Nah, nah, nah. We that, nah, we should have called that nigga on the phone so we could aired his ass out. But I call him, but He ain't like that shit. What'd he say? He went on, he was doing an interview with Stephen A. Smith and he, I don't know. I feel Like I and Chris is his man. That's like his nephew. Chris is his man. I get that. Oh, nah, nah, nah. But he don't, he He don't believe that. I don't. He does. I think He does. I think he does. Let's ask him. And there's a lot of people that do. Let's ask him. It's like an Evolution in the game. Yeah.


Me Sure bud. Sure. Mahaw my man. You listen. I'm, I'm on air. Your name came up. My question to you is, do you believe that shit you said? Well, I, I don't, first of all don don't like that you call This. shit, let's start there. Okay. That was an eloquent take. Okay. Okay. And again, we, we, we start, you know what I had to do yesterday? I had to have this, this conversation with a couple of my guys. One of my guys Tyron Turner and Brains, right?


And they came over to the house and they were like, how could you say such a thing? And let's start with Chris's vocals. I said, you wanna start with Chris's vocals? I'm gonna play a song for you right now. And I played songs for them that they had never heard before from Chris Brown. Why? Because they hear Chris Brown on the radio. They don't take deep dives into Chris Brown's albums and his contents to listen to the actual r and b songs where he's actually singing his ass off singing in a way that as we love mj, MJ has never sang before. What song you play it. I played Take my Time. I played, I'm glad you asked me.


This is so, this is so good. Yeah. Yeah. I love this. 'cause 'cause 'cause 'cause I want you to go do your homework too, Dog. you know, I'm one, I'm one of the bigger Chris Brown guys that there are currently in music. I love, I absolutely love Chris Brown. So there It is nothing I'll ever say bad about Chris Brown. He's that nigga. To me, So I ain't about to bash Chris Brown, but you've been after Than you wouldn't. But I think everybody's, everybody's trying to in, in, in every way, shape or form. They're always gonna add impact and success. They're always, they can't help it. I, Chris Brown Was robbed of his opportunity to prove you.


right. Let's start there. Let's start there. And he's just getting back into a space where he's really allowed to show how great he is Still Tank When. you say vocal ability. What are you, what are you adding to that? Are you talking about riffing? Are you talking about Well, yeah, I mean, you gotta think I'm a I'm a church kid, you know what I'm saying? So, so CCB was raised on all of all of us church singers. So that's a part of CB's wheelhouse that you, that most people don't pay attention to. The singing that CB does is not easy. Like it's not normal. There's only two guys from his generation that can sing like that. It's him and it's Mario.


And I'll throw Eric Bellinger in there. Absolutely. And you, but those guys can sing. Those guys have vocal difficulty, not just straight ahead sing And you don't, And they can do things that go ahead and You don't What's that? You don't, you don't remember moments of the seventies and eighties where Michael exhibited the same level of Soul and Acrobats and Range? Show me not those. Oh, I will not. Those We, some Examples we can, we can definitely have some examples of him on Heartbreak Hotel. We can definitely show examples. You, you, you On him live. It's not, It's not gonna be competitive to Chris Brown on Make Love on the Royalty album.


It's not gonna be competitive. Oh well, okay. You wanna speak to just what you feel from the soul aspect when I'm speaking Vocal ability, I'm just talking No, From the, from the ability, vocal ability. Let's take, let's take Earth Song. Let's take literally the, the last half of Earth's song, the tone, the strength, the range. I've never heard Chris be able to do anything like that. JTA Austin Cha JTA Austin challenged anybody out there with a voice to try to sing. Lady in My Life. And Sierra comes out. Are you kidding me Lady in my life? It is not a hard song to sing, guys. I'm just telling you what one of the greatest it's writers of our time. It's, It's not a hard song to Sing for you, nigga.


You got a grand piano in your foyer. I Can get Yeah. What the fuck is wrong with nigga You in a weekend? Right? What are you talking about? I could get, let me, you know, who would kill a lady in my life right now? Who would kill it the weekend as you say, it would kill a lady in my life right now. Look who you named Dead On. He said I challenged any No, no. I think his tone would kill it. I don't think, don don't think the expression, don don't think the, the actual, the actual intensity of things would actually come off the same way Michael did. He would Match it in tone. You're gonna get Michael Jackson. You're not gonna get exactly Michael Jackson ever again in life. He's one of one. Right. But you are going to get people who can cover it and cover it well, right?


And so even with the weekend or as, as, as he, as he's a direct correlation to Michael in terms of style and vibe and and and texture and, and the height of his vocal. He can't do what Chris can do. Is Chris your favorite RB guy out right now? Oh absolutely. Mine too. And let me tell you something because you know, I respect, I respect you, you, Sean Stockman. It's just some people, I just respect what they have to say on things. But that challenge you put out where you did your five best vocalists, I thought that was a crock of shit. What you did. I don't understand. I understand. I challenge anybody out there to name five Vo five r and B male vocalists better than mine.


I'll start Marvin Gaye, Donnie Hathaway, Stevie Wonder, who else you said who else? Who was your other two? Chicos? Luther. Luther. And the last one. The last one I'm missing somebody. All cheat codes. Yeah. Luther, Donnie, Marvin. Stevie. And who did he say Teddy People? Who was the last nigga? He said, no, it wasn't Teddy. Them four right there. Oh, Charlie Wilson. Charlie Wilson. Charlie fucking Wilson Tank. Knock it off. Yo, you are too much of a, a certified credible voice. You like you are niggas my age and my mom King r and b.


But that's what makes it the name Numb. Five is a fucking cop out. Yeah, it's a cop out. It's not cop. That's like saying your name five basketball players better than LeBron Mike. As as my five, as strong as they were, they were only my five for me. And people from my generation. There are top fives that have Chris Brown, Trey songs, Avery Wilson, Eric Bellinger, you know what I'm saying? So like you get to see the difference. And so again, I'm always in charge of maintaining the integrity of our, of our thing. So I. I have to keep, I think if you put up a current five, I think I could come up with five to wash yours.


I think I could as well When you That how strong I I am. I When, I, When. You say current When you impossible. The come up current with When, you five current to wash my five current. It's not even cool. I would, I would mash you right now. Oh, Shit. I I start with Stokely right now. I start with Stokeley. What you do with that? That's not Current. That's not current. Okay. I I mean not the seventies nigga. you know what I'm saying? No, No, no. You say current. Let's talk, let's, alright, I'll start current. Hold on, I'll start current. Did you just say Brent ERs? No, I'm not. Don't listen to that tank. I'll start with current. Let's start with Avery Wilson. I, that was gonna be my first Wilson, One of his pick. I said a Wilson already. Okay, well Luke James, That's gonna be one of his two.


I mean he keep keep digging in my bag, Joe. Tell him, tell him, tell him get his own bag. I thought we, I thought we was going for tit Tiff for tack, but okay. It is Your own singers. Luke James is my son. Avery Wilson. I put him on a bunch of stuff. come on man. You tap, you tapping into my stuff, man. Tang, I feel like just every now and again, you gotta pop up and Yeah. And stir the pot. That's what it's, I have To, that's what it's, I have To, You just stir the pot because I can't let this conversation ever die down. Ever. Yeah. But you know, real vocals r is forever, you know, real vocals and you know damn well just being able to move your, your voice and riff is not the whole full, full package of being a vocalist.


And Michael exhibited way more than that for you to just totally eliminate him as I didn't eliminate him. He's not a top five vocalist. He's not even a top 10 vocalist. He's not. But you have Chris better than him. He's 100% better than Chris. Absolutely. He came up in an era where there was no autotune, there was no presets, there was no nothing. The autotune wasn't on the mic while you were on stage. Let's like, and now that's not disrespect because it's a new era, new time. No, But It is a tool. If you can't sing, the autotune doesn't help you sing. Case in Point T Payne is a good singer, singer with autotune, but he can't do what Chris Brown does.


Autotune doesn't make you better. It's just pitch correction Keeps you on pitch. Yeah. That's it. But that matters. That You can, That You can't do that naturally. It won't Work. But that matters as a vocalist. So if you need that to today as a vocalist to stay on pitch while you're on stage or while you're in the studio, then it says a lot to your vocal ability. No, What? No one needs Autotune brother. We, none of us need it. Shit. But what you have to realize is that there's a Sonic, That is in style and at play there's a frequency. That's true. He's right. That is in style and That is at play. And that's what Chris is. Chris is the, the first, well, let me say second T-Pain really is the one who introduced it.


Well, should I go back to Lil Wayne on Lollipop? We can start with T-Pain. We can start with pain, But we'll go T-Pain. But, and in terms of an r and b singer, Chris was the first one to embrace the sonic of what Autotune was and tap into that frequency that these kids just, they just, they just fall into a trance over Listen. But he never stopped singing. That's the thing, Bro. I saw him live. I'm gonna agree with you because Michael Jackson is no longer with us. Rest in peace. And I be getting Chris Brown tickets to his concerts. Well, yeah, no I'm not. But Chris, well Chris, Chris is amazing. At the end of the day, doesn't Matter. And we wanna go to the next, But we definitely wanna see the next Chris talk and He listen, play, make Love Play, make love on the Royalty album movie.


When we finish this conversation, just tell me how you feel. Tell me, if you tell me Michael has never done that, Knowing I need from you, I need you to establish a relationship with Lucky Day. Oh, I love Lucky Day. When I hear his album. I do hear at least three joints that tank on the remix is sending outta here. And that's all I got as a fan. Lucky's Lucky's a I love Lucky Day being in the studio with him. Sealed it for me. And I almost came to New Orleans to see that TGT show. Oh yeah, yeah. That, that might be cool. Come come to the next one. That That would, that was like rehearsal don't come. Was Was just reading. Oh no. November 9th. November 9th. Barclays. No, Barclays. I'm coming.


Yeah, We'll be ready. I'm I'm coming to that show. you know we love you and shit. I'll see you soon. God damnit. Alright. Yo, I was seeing that boy jump around the stage like a maniac singing live. I was totally blown Away. Seen Michael do the same we Have With the less. Maybe I just, I I'm just saying if any, if if anyone needs a reminder, I think he just Improved upon 'em. Like, Reminder, if anyone needs a reminder, please, please go back me and listen to me. Listen to some of them old tours. I know at a certain point Michael was kind of a little rusty as he got a little older.


But go look at that. Go look at that bad tour. Go look at that victory tour. Go vocally. He was still strong. I thought a lot of the shit was him lip singing though. That wasn't, that was a a lot towards the end. But thank you for, for a big part of the bad tour. He was, the mic was on. Okay. 'cause he was lip-syncing. Yo. And, and I'm leaving this, but I've been recently seeing the clips been popping up of, I guess Mike when he took them bum niggas on tour with him. Oh, his brothers? Yeah. One of them niggas. I've never peeped this in my life before. One of the brothers who you don't know, he ain't never had no slaps.


Look just like Michael with the hair and the outfit and boy he was important hitting them little moves. Oh, Marlon, Marlon, Marlon, Marlon, Marlon. Like Marlon is really important to not have done shit to me. They close to age too to me. They, they the closest to age because he was Mike until Mike came out with the jacket. Woo. I'm Like, Oh Shit. Mike, look Ill with a fake right next to you. See how Ill Mike is When. you see a brother miss all of the talent. Marlon Mar Mar Marlon was, Marlon had no slaps nigga I don as shit. Never. You haven't had never had no Shit. Jermaine had slaps, nigga he Did. Didn't they make him take Marlon on tour? No, no.


That was Randy. Randy was the youngest one. I would've took none of 'em. Niggas on tour. Y'all ain't on nigga I'm out. That was a good ride too. Yo, when Mike was doing all that shit with them niggas. Huh? All right. These are my brothers Bud. It's been a passion of mine to do my solo stuff while they stand around and watch that nigga hit. That Brothers was like, yeah dad nigga, that's my dream. Oh my God. So Yeah, that's my dad. Daddy bitch got miss a beat Daddy. Niggas just like, you know Mike talking shit to him too.


Hey, hey nigga, you miss missed slap Chill Man was asshole. I can see Mike slap. Nah, Jamma had some slaps. He wrote some slaps. Many. Yeah. Yeah. Had like three Three. Oh for real? He had a cool three. Yeah. Why don't you, why don't you I Want say four. I wanna say four for Jamma had more than more than we know. And he wrote Slaps. He he produced that whole first Whitney album too. Really? J Slaps? Nah, he was in that. He put El De Bar. Oh. Shit. All right. That was funny. That was funny. That dope. That was great. Okay. Y'all are nuts. I'm outta here. It is over. We doing sleepers today. Look at shit.


Oh. Shit. I'm playing Maeta. Mustang. Sally stole that from Let's go Huh? Alright. I stole Maeta from Ish Playing Ish and I No nigga. Ish and I both have an affinity for Maeta, which is not new. Ish and I for 20 years have shared The affinity for made us A leather jacket on.


Yes sir. Brand new music from our girlfriend of the show Maeta. A record is called Mustang Sally off of her project Endless Night. I don't think y'all put enough respect on that Endless Night project because it was like uptempo bop. But she did it again. She did it again. Fire Project. Shout to Tomato. Shout to me. All right. I'm gonna shoot down Atlanta. We talked a lot about Atlanta Dick Rock. Nah man. Gucci. Mane Link back up with DJ Drama for Gangster Grills for those of you who know. That alone is enough for me. That sounds fine. But yeah, they put out Goat Greatest of all Trappers.


Mm. And this record is called Rich Niggas Sound Like, you know what I'm saying? Tent nigga entertain man. Huh? We signing name nigga turning to me now. So. I about C. You deal. I'm saying Huh? My money getting my game get stronger. My team get Ain't Seeing y'all nigga can't see man Don't Rich nigga dog. Everybody know that. Got two Ish Marines. I high just to wash my back. Gave my dog a cup of briefs for a 76 Chevy. Gotta wear back brace 'cause my chain tube hit. They say my stomach get back but they pockets don't flat.


I'm a rich nigga. So. I robbed the Phantom mat Black. I'm a rich nigga dog. Love my Pippin. Yellow, blue, white and Red Stones in my bar Simpson. Every time I get booked the arena get live. Only problem that I have it called I'm going to drive. I'm a rich nigga Do ain't never had shit. And the watch on my wrist cost 35 bricks. I'm a rich nigga dog. So I ain't beefing by a hose. I ain't talking to you baby. Unless you're booking 10 shows. Well the 2026 Rory Lamborghini, do they like 2.5 mil just to pull a ho. I'm a rich nigga dog. I'm a rich nigga dog. You a rich nigga just like me. Yeah.


I'm a rich nigga dog. I'm a rich nigga dog. No industry. I run these streets. I'm a rich nigga dog. I'm a rich nigga dog. You a rich nigga just like me. I'm a rich nigga dog. I'm a rich nigga dog. No industry. I in these streets. I'm a rich nigga. Dog Papa a no glass. Got fucking teachers on my ho guy class. Want a super bad bitch? Then you gotta have Rich and I ain't talking about tomorrow. When. I say I promise. Way back 2006. I was just trying to get rich big belly Wap. I like every r and b bitch. Got a little short nigga with me with a tall extended clip in a blue rose.


Same color as clip. Got a smile on my face. But nigga ain't nothing funny. Nigga don't hear my line. If you ain't talking about money. I'm a living legend dog. But they won't gimme my props. My whole labor can go to jail. But still my emotion won't stop. I'm a real wish nigga dog. I ain't going lie. I'm on the PJ with my kids because little see my kids fly. I'm gonna wish nigga dog, you done hurt about who? I heard these niggas back chopping because they album just f flogged. I'm a rich nigga dog. I'm a rich nigga dog. You a rich nigga just like me. I'm a rich nigga dog. I'm a rich nigga dog. No industry. I run these streets. Huh? I'm nigga dog.


I'm a rich nigga dog. You a rich nigga just like me. I'm a rich nigga dog. I'm a rich nigga dog. No industry I wear Now if we had to election, I'd take Gucci president. Yeah that was Rich niggas. Gucci, DJ, Drama. Greatest of all Trappers. Any Gucci fans. That entire tape is old Gucci. It sounds like it. The beats sound like it's only one feature on there. And that's JT and she smoked it. So go ahead and check that out. And he's doing a deluxe, I believe in October for 10 17. Alright, I'm going to Rochester This's my man.


Emilio. Rojas. He put out an album called It always Gets Better and it's really dope. It is Highs and Lows. Yeah look. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes I lie. Wake my chest to not survivor's guilt. 'cause I done left a r made something of my life or some of my friends did not. Some of them have babies before they hit their twenties. So they got entry level jobs and plus some shifts at Denny's. I feel that vie. No wonder they resent me 'cause they peeping from the bleaches. Well I got features with legends and my girl got perfect features. Huh? I think I need it. That's my warrior. Good Latina. So if I'm bringing sand the beach, it's to sand Denise that.


That's my soldier bitch. We go to war, she might unload a cliff. I'm careful with the people that I'm closest with. 'cause when my hands hit that first a hundred grand, I made a promise that my bank account will always keep least some os and comms in. I felt the drama building. I done seen the Highs and Lows. I got an LLC to limit ways that I'm exposed. No retirement for rappers. Every year my Roth can full before I try to fill my closet up with clothes. My priorities are long term. 'cause in this game they shit on intellect. Investments I done made and got me living off of dividends. 'cause music, money's nothing. Can't get comfy off. No little check. So. I took my time and reinvested him. Look, It's a really short song, but I like it. Highs and Lows. Emilio Rojas.


Yeah, he was was dope. She Was all right. That album's really good. It's really good. Hear from him Again. I'm going to old music. Okay. But it's St. John's featuring Lenny. Kravitz. The song is called Borders. SAINt JHN. I me The college. Damn. Would y'all heat it Up over there? Don't don. don love you.


I'm trying to find my God days. I pray to God we I'll be here. I just been on my h. I just been on a N week. I got a place in Hollywood further than where we thought we were. So be a millionaire. I'm about to make my promise good. I'm getting closer to the dream that I'm trying on the in the sky. Champagne pain for the Friday. Daddy got a push highway top off. Hands in the sky.


Don't I just sometimes No lie When, you don't hear truth. Sometimes. Sometimes I don I don hear that way. you know to just keep the lights on. I know you want me to stay because I feel the same.


When, you come close to me. What?


At SAINt JHN and Lenny. Kravitz Borders. My record is an old Miguel record called Gravity. All right. Make, yeah, I'm searching upon.


That is old. Miguel Gravity. Miguel is time to put out some new music facts. It is time. That is a fact. Yes. Maybe Time to hit that corner office at rca. A buddy. Yeah. And I'd love to hear some new Miguel that. Me too. I would absolutely love to hear some new Miguel. So that's why I played it. That would be great. I was just listening. It is time. Like, yo, this nigga good time. Yeah, it's time to come out. He's on The list. I gonna tell you I really enjoyed the dude pass. Yeah, It Is great. This is a Good show. Different vibe, different energy. Yeah, We got some edits To make. Miss my sister L, I mean L. Whoa, lady L nigga you to strip club lady lately.


Strip club lady. Disrespect. That's game. I meant to say you've been to strip club lately. Lady L is fire. All right. I love her. She just, she booked me years ago, nigga. This, this, this was dope podcast. Just know a couple of y'all getting phone calls after Dave East. I know what you're doing with Lady L too. I was with that nigga yesterday. He said, he said he wanted me, I'm putting the footage out tomorrow. He said he wanted me to come up here and tell you yo, I'm bringing Dave up. I said that's not how it work nigga. You gotta speak to Joe. And I spoke to him. I spoke to him about that other shit too. I tell you about it behind the scenes. Yeah. What Other shit? Oh, I said we, I said we bring you up. There could be some jokes nigga. The video. Yeah. Yeah. That's your fire nigga.


Oh Yeah. Fucking I seen it. Handsome Crip niggas trying to fucking do some shit. Don't do, don't do that. Dave. Shout to Dave. Man, I love Dave. That's my man. Shout to Dave. My god Dave, we fuck with you. Good guy. Good guy. One day man. Yeah, good energy as far. Hopefully our sister Mel's enjoying her vacation. Hey yo. How she did that? How she pull that off though? Because listen, She said I'm going on vacation. Lemme Just say this because I spoke to you. I said yo, when my brother get back, I'm gonna wait a couple and I'm gonna take my my joint. You said that? How Does she slip? She me. That's Fo. Oh she did tell me to tell you y'all two. Y'all should go watch a movie. She wants, she wants you this. Oh, you supposed to watch.


She's on vacation. She wants you on this. Oh, He said a self for that one though. I Gonna Hold you yo. He said a self for that one dog. Oh, you were texting him right there. I'll be your seat. I'll Keep it in warm. I love you sir. You my man. What movie? The The Challenger was Zendaya. She wants both of y'all to go watch it. I don't know why she just said the pass that. Where is it? It It. is it the movie Dish? It's online now. It ain't It Is on HBO I believe. Yeah, it's going Oh. Shit. That's funny. All right. I will go check it out. Hey yo, the Nigga that killed his wife still ain't he killed her.


It is on Netflix now. Parks the pregnant woman that disappeared. Oh. Lacey Pcy. Lacey? Yeah. Lacy p Scott Peterson. They Scott Peterson still ain't admitted. He he, he beat Death Row. you know he's a, he's a part of the Innocent project. He's a part of the Innocent project. They trying to, yo, shout out to the Innocence Project. Y'all got Stone Cold Killers over Here. The Innocent project. You might as well tell me you a fucking blood. You coming up here? Yeah. Who the Innocence Project nigga is? Oh. Shit don't bring none of them scared. Straight Jail reform. Niggas up here When. you come nigga they come up here with that. Take your sneakers off. Shit. Hell, I was in the middle of the whole lineup in the auditorium.


Here go do take your shoes off nigga. Alright. You ain't gonna do that nigga. Toss my shit. You threw your shit all the way across the shit and there wasn't nothing you could do. Yeah, my peoples wanted me to ask you too. Would you go speak? No. At Rikers? No At Rikers? Yeah. Oh no, nigga are you crazy? You asked the wrong one, yo. This nigga said no Rikers. Hell Double. No dummy double down in the no. Nah. Ask Ish. He does speak. He does This shit at Rikers. Speaking engagements. Yeah. Do you speak publicly? Have you ever spoken publicly to people? You would be a good setup? It is set up. Everything. What? Everything. He spoke, did I tell y'all how much money I was turned down for public speaking. I don't wanna do it.


Oh this was Wallo get it Shine. Oh. This was no Money. That Wallo get the show. This was no Money. No there's no money involved. This is just the home. You know, lemme think about it. Sometimes it's important to get back, get back to you. Sometimes it's important to give back. Man. Talk to your manager. Nah, deadass Deadass About Rikers? Yeah. What does he know for free? Hey Ian, I wanna add to Rikers to speak for free. All He'd be like, what? I'm, I'm trying to go speak. I'll go speak if it'll help and get a Rikers shut down. I mean, you know supposed let me, let me, I'll pass it along. You might be interested. They was supposed to shut down Rikers. It's good community service man. Yeah, it's good Community.


Nigga. I didn't finish the community service had I still had about 12 hours left on the clock Nigga. And you said you was cool with somebody. They looked out whoever That is, that was in charge of checking the hours on my shit. Oh for real. Looked out 100%. At least 12 hours left up there. What hell you do? P poking, poking the garbage with the stick and All that outside. You. Oh Nigga said people would see Yo Joe butter That jail clean right up outside the Newark jail. Man. Visit the house. Pick it up. Yeah. Yo, I had escalate So, I So I be parked in the jail nigga. I would go walk up to that shit. All the fucking, I ain't let that go. Newark Jail Killer Niggas Cousins was up there grilling man following me. That's The green monster.


What? Yeah, that's what they call it. The Green Monster. Yeah. I don about that. That's this county. All I've ever heard was you don't want to go over there. Yeah. You don't wanna go to the Green Monster. Yeah, I heard that too. But as a nigga that spent all his time in Kearney, I was like, shit, they they, that's right there. They ain't the place to be either. Of'em. It's right there. It's two blocks down there. Yo. Hey, hey, I'm not that much of a nigga. That is a jail. You can convince me to go to Word. Put it that way. You sounding same. Yes. I take y'all word in Newark. Take my word about Kearney and just don't do none of that shit. There you go. Don't do nothing that Rikers. Well I don't commit ne crime in New York. I keep telling y'all I don. I listen to be s in New York.


What's your life like off of his first album And I was good. Come get me from the tone. You talking about record? Yeah. I'm about to say, I'm about to say shit. The tombs is enough for me. One Walsh, one wall, whatever That is. I don't even know what the tombs is. Oh good. Lucky you. And I'm cool on that. What's the, what's the little holding? What's the little holding spot by something? By about in Queens nigga don don't know over there. I, I'm cool off with that. You talking about the big court house over there? Yeah. Yeah. I don't like that shit. And that one in the Bronx that this time. Yo, y'all trying to get out. What about the bunk at Against First? Yeah. Is the boat still around the boat? Yeah, the boat still around right. They still got that. Yeah, the boat. He was on that shit.


Yo, he was on the boat. They didn't gotta get their life together. The tombs just funny 'cause I the boat. I know he was On that boat. Yo. I remember about they was going send me to the tombs and it was like, yo, don't you wanna go to Tombs dog? Yo, it's it's, it's Wednesday. Ooh. They got the fish With the mixed vest. Niggas Knew the menu. I was like, Yeah, no. Together yo. I was like I wanna come. I go get my own fish. Yo you wanna God And vegetables Home. Yo. You crazy. Get up. Yo.


Yo. If you listen now dear. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid you with Do Farewell Adio Riva, dci Asta Lata ais So long. Goodbye. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. We wanna give one final rest in peace to Beat King as well as Phil Donahue for sure. Thoughts, prayers, condolences all the love in the world to their family, friends and fans for sure. And with that said, I'm ending this with 38 special. Okay? Oh yeah. So Luther 38 Rochester nigga got skulls on five popping Up the babies out The blue like Mary and Jesus got skulls on my back.


It's hard to show Love. I seen Niggas murder my dog in cold blood. I made my first hundred lodge with no plug and I rat. Not as much as I robbed and sold drugs. Nigga lead the streets. I'm already playing it. But When I re-up. It's a hundred pounds or better bitch. I'm heavy handed. It's working the mail we stamping waiting for it to land. Me and my man at the deli camping. I ain't never wore a Helly Hansen inside of an Israeli mansion with two bitches belly dancing. And they telling me I'm very handsome. Made my side bitch pay to come and get me. Them bitches held me ransom. Got time Bitch. I told go My bad. They just rotate. My man came home from a Coke case.


I gave him a bird on the arm like ghost face To On a rap dog. That nigga's fired this. Nah. Yeah, that yo 38 Way mother and gun is out now. And his fire 38 been 38, been this nice for a really very long, that's home on a cold case. Front of a bird on the arm like cold face. He bugging yo a lot. He went so hard over to Tony. Man, I gotta end with it. I was gonna play as a sleeper. Shit. He killed this bank Or tax fraud. Y'all fake that. My back's called. I was sitting for a crack charge inside. Now it's an outside kitchen in my backyard. Hey yo. No real shit you.


It's an outside kitchen in my backyard. I Love the hood. Nigga get money and put it in the bars nigga. I cook a whole meal with no char, with no propane. Nigga. Lemme finish telling myself, Let, let, let Go. Huh? The first time I bought a cake, the plug showed it me. It wasn't 1,008 all the way. Seven 50 was all it way. He short it me a quarter key and don don't know what to call it, say. So he walked outside, caught it straight. Watching animals torture their prayers. How I was taught to play. I made bosses pay. I turned cribs to a marketplace. The liver road was my office space. All it take is your heart and faith. If you're planted seed in February, the nigga harvest may violate it. Be your darkest day.


I'm a father to you niggas. I'm about to treat you like Marvin Gaye. Woo. s go your hard away. I tried to make it easy, but y'all wanted the hard away. I got a price that they hard to pay. I'm talking gay. I only sell white like chardonnay trust. you know what I saying? Trust. Trust in this motherfucker. 5 85 Rochester. JPJP Be without the Jbp fuck niggas do.