
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own, Enjoy the show. You know that constructive criticism is, is, is, is recedes from you. So you choose to do it in the way of yo well, you gonna grow out of that. Like nigga. Nobody want to hear that in front of a bunch of white people. It was two white People. Nobody wanna hear that.


And those are my man and I love them, but nobody pull me to the side. Yo Man, I don't even see color. Not me neither. Great, great people. Neither, neither Everybody gray. That's, that's what got my head knocked off. Oh, phones, phones, phones again. All she do Is be on this phone on spiritual healing. Put that, damn. I be in her shit. She get mad emails off during this shit. Y'all Don't she be up here, she think, turn this shit on. It's On. Oh, Even that wasn't a cue. Somebody back then teach me how to work Twitch. You know how to work Twitch. Of course. Alright, I got it. I thought y'all got a trick for her.


I got a trick for little Miss Muffin here. Hello. Hello. Mike. Mike. Mike. Hello. Mike. Mike. Mike. Mike. Mike. Greetings, salutations. Peace. Peace, love, health, wealth and prosperity. Prayer to those inside the pod and outside the pod, anybody that may be going through something out there, shout to the mils and the gifts, the happy couples, the miserable ones as well. The niggas out here hoeing. The bitches doing the same. Shout out to our advertisers and sponsors and integrators. Shout out to the people behind the scenes that make this shit all possible. What's not to feel good about out there? How's everybody doing, man? Great. Doing good, man.


Good, Good. Wonderful. Glad to be here. Here, mark. We gonna let you get all the way in your bag. Look, I know with time, time will come. We let you get time All the way in. That's why you wear your green shirt. Nah, I didn I didn't even even think about that, but I didn't even think about that. Got it. Why you wasn't at the game. I still don't watch football. I, I'm, I'm, I haven't watched the game. Oh, so you can't say shit. Oh, I can talk shit. This is what I, I check the scores every week and I troll people. When, when, when, when his team lose. I text him When your team lose. I, Oh yeah. I ain't seen the game in since. I didn't even watch the Eagles in the Super Bowl when they won. You gonna watch the Super Bowl? My wife wanna have a Super Bowl party and It is hard to not watch the game at a Super Bowl party. Why you not watching? Because of the Colin Kaepernick stuff.


Because of Ka. And then, you know what happened? Like, I just kept not doing it. It's not like a thing where like, I refuse. It's just like I kept not watching it and now it's easy to not watch it. Like I'm more of a hoop guy anyway. So It is easy to keep not watching it Even when your team is winning and, and Doing good. They, they kind of been doing better since I stopped watching. So kind like maybe I kick this shit over in bad luck. I might be, Even when Colin was trying to get back, If he came back, I was gonna come back. But what he, what I heard off record was that he didn't get a fair shake in that. So So you put it on record? I'm not, I'm not gonna say who told me, but yeah, It is all good. It is all good. All right. Well ladies and gentlemen, we are gonna let Mark get all the way in his Philadelphia Eagles bag.


Just not right this second, but Cook. Yeah, no, I'm happy for y'all. And I think I'm rooting for y'all. I'm a patient man. I'm definitely Rooting for them and I think I'm rooting for them. I'm betting on the Chiefs. Yeah, they they're gonna, we're talking football. Let's Tough to beat the chiefs and the rest. No, no, no. I'm just bet I'm just betting on 'em because it seemed like whoever I bet on lose. So I'm hoping it works. That's why I'm scared when y'all just said y'all support the Eagles, I'm getting a little nervous. No, No, I'm, no listen, I've been sitting here making emotional picks all the whole playoffs all the way through. Hey, when you, when you don't have a horse in the race, like you could just go off momentum and Of the underdog, Jay, The rookie, take them there when they need to go. But dog touch, push the Eagle's, oline and d line.


It is not really fair. I think that's how y'all win. Game Sequan ain't fair. Sequan and that o line and that D line. Like it's aggressive. Yeah. Yeah, it's aggressive. I just want the Giants need to, oh man. I know we're not talking football. Maybe you could tell me later why y'all got rid of Sequan bark not football while I talking football because I don't, I don't watch it. So I really don't know that. I just knew we got somebody really good now. Stupidity. Was there a good argument for, for No, It's racism. I, I buy that. That is, That is how racism started. I I say it all the time on this podcast. The original whites walked up or No, they had boats, they had vehicles and guns.


They rolled up to the island and the first black person they seen was Saquon Barkley. He was jumping, Running, Doing shit they never seen. He was like, no, we watch him amaze. So imagine them seeing that person for the first time. No, we need a head start. Dick hanging to these niggas back Dick to the floor. Black niggas like white people ain't letting that shit ride. His girl saw it like, oh you like them? No, no. Yeah, No. We, we got these nigga, we ain't about years. Right. You gotta oppress These niggas. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta oppress them. So that's what Taquan Barkley reminds me of the beginning of racism.


Anyway. What's up man? I'm in a real good mood. Me too. Thank you. In a real good mood. Happy to see everybody flip. Welcome home. Wait, what? Wait, where'd you go? Oh that's right. Yeah. I, I seen him Getting booked. I thought that was the old shit from last, no, no fall or whatever you got booked again. I thought it was Bullshit Ski. I thought you was just doing that to not No, I don't do skits anymore. It's just my license suspended. I didn't pay an assessment fee. So when they pulled over they were pulling over a bunch of cars coming out the tunnel. You know me being me talking shit to them, hell come on man. I sat there for like an hour. But yeah, home it was, it was good. You know That's exactly what I said to my cleaning lady this morning when she said, Joe, what Happened to fled? I was like, I have never had this type of talk with my cleaning lady, but I don't know.


She said, why ain't get locked up? I say, probably ain't got a license. And I fixed it because Now is the time where they probably squatting outside of the tunnels to do all, all that shit. I used to be afraid of. Oh Yeah, they're doing it now. They doing it now. Wait, so which side did they get you on the Jersey side or New York Side? New York side. Did They booking? Huh? Did they take you to Central Booking? No, they took me to the, I was there for like nine hours. They damn God damn. I bought pizza for the whole cell. Hardened incredible. Everybody in the cells, I just bought pizza, Jr. Was outside. Come to just Love it. Did JR Jr. Film That? No, you can't film that, but you gotta do what You gotta do to stay safe.


I got pizza, I got go what? Want what you want? What you want? Pressure pizza. You gotta do what you gotta do in there sometimes, Man. I mean, you know what It is though, for nine Hours. Listen, vegetarian slice, right, Sicilian. What's up? Hope It is not Meat Lovers. Nah, yo, yo. Listen man, yo, I got, so, I have so many tickets, tents and all that stuff and you know, just check your license man. Everybody check your license. I want everybody in here before they go to sleep to check your, make sure your driver's license is active. That shit could just slip right by you. My shit's active. I'm driving the, my shit is active. It don't really slip by me, man.


Am I naive? Am I naive for believing that most of this audience Got good licenses, Has a legit license? So You, you don't think that an assessment fee, assessment fee is when you accumulate a couple of points and over the years We know what It is. It's when you live and foul. It is. No it's not. It's when you not prioritizing Pay that little 300 and keep it moving. That's Not FO's. All you gotta do. So y'all trying to say that. Y'all trying to say those things can't pass by? Nah, no It can. Thank you man. It can, that's what's wrong with you. Y'all trying to sound properly. Tru Cater know that niggas is widow. It should not. Alright. So it can though. Yes, But things happen Nigga. Nigga, what did you do? Did you fall down and hit your face somewhere? I did nigga.


Like that's what I'm saying. We do shit. Shit happens. But that shit you can't control. You could pay the fee it slips by and I, and I can't talk about the rest. But I live in Jersey now. That's it. Okay. Okay. And, and you can afford it. And I paid it. They told me it came out your queens flip, please do not drive. So I sat in the car outside the precinct. They watched me, I paid it, wait for the license to clear up and I drove. I ain't gonna hold you. Pardon my ignorance or if I offend anybody out there. But this talk is reminding me why I don't really give a fuck to talk to criminals today. Really? Like I don't care nothing about your crimes.


You could say that your G card. What you just came home for what the lawyer had said. Dear dog, I don't care about your loophole. In your shortcuts. You Got Yeah, I don't care about none of that crime shit y'all on. That's Gross. That Sounds this is forties for Sure. I ain't gonna hold, don't shit. This sounds like, oh man, sig break. This is when a nigga need to take a sig break. We go outside. I don It is not a crime, but you know, listen, hey we live and we learn lessons. That's it. That's all. Let's move forward. You good now though, right? No, very good. Yeah, that's what we was just talking about outside.


That I said was a good conversation that I don't remember how it started, but We just talking about the origins. Yeah. That's how it started. Yeah. The origins of Ian and Parks introducing Ian and yada yada. But fast forward to that. Ian said something about why he traveled. Oh, he likes to, if he's not building with somebody creatively or working on something with somebody, then I'd rather be alone. And I thought that was interesting. I thought that was interesting. Valid To a point. I mean, I, I think you still need time to just fucking hang out and be a human. But sometimes with, With people that you have used discernment on people that you love, people you appreciate, maybe like-minded, have some things in common.


Have some sort of relationship. Genuine Friendship. Yeah. Like well I, isn't he excluding that? And just meaning if you don't, if if we really don't have anything to talk about business-wise, then I don't really wanna be around you. I Don't think a whole lot of people have those friendships that I'm talking about with Parks right now. Yeah. I think people masqueraders, if they do, I think people call a lot more people friend than our friends. Oh, Absolutely. Absolutely. On both gender, it's a lot of, It's a lot of transactional friendship. Yeah, I was about to say there's just like more of a, a male perspective. No, It is just out today. It is just not here when I talk, it's not to gender war.


Okay. I'm speaking, I speak about observing humans. Okay. Both sides are doing that shit. There's a lot of that today. Both sides. Every, It is everybody's transactional. Like I'm only your friend. If there's a benefit in there somewhere. If, if I'm not getting something out of it, I have no reason to to, I don't like that way. I don't like that way. Me Neither. Me either. Yeah. It's scary when you find that shit out too. Yeah. I It is that way when it pops some shit out and you're like, damn for real. It's like what can, yeah, It is like what can you do for me? Right. I don't like that way usually pop out once a no popup. Yep. Once dont you tell 'em no about something then the truth, the truth come out. Well I tell you in this, in this business, you find out fast who, who really fuck with you when you not up no more.


That's, You know what I mean? I remember when I was down down, people wouldn't answer the phone. You know what I mean? I thought people changed their numbers, You know what I mean? When I, and then when you back up again, suddenly everybody's back in touch with you. Yeah. That's how you could tell. Yeah. That can't feel good. I don worst Feel ever. And then the other part of that is I'm always working on something so I ain't got time to just Hang out, hang Out Indefinitely, pop Out and fucking show up here and there's like, nah, I Do, but it's, It is gotta be controlled. Like it just can't be like a endless hangout. You know what I'm saying? Like, I gotta get the fuck outta here when it's time to get the fuck outta here. Like in, In your forties. What, what you, what, who do you consider friends?


Like what do you It, is it people that you have relationships with for years? Do you make any new friends at 44? It's more difficult. It's very difficult. It is, It is a little bit more difficult in, especially in your forties Especially. Especially if you're be in the position that you're in. Like especially if you're doing good. Yeah. We heard, we hear you tell stories all the time how you met somebody at L school or you ran into somebody and you bonded real quick. But you don't consider that friends so you No, not you're capable, you're capable of meeting people and conversing. But what, I'm a people person. I love, I love meeting people and speaking to people and being social and being extroverted, introvert. I'm, I'm that. If it's time to do that. Yeah. As long as you got it out. Well I'm, I'm half out 'cause when I'm ready to go, I'm out.


Yeah. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't hosting the kickbacks Anymore No more. Like it ain't the, it ain't pool party time. It ain't like this is they getting a real reserved version of me today. Like a real, it's different. It's just different. My priorities are different. I focus different even in friendships. If you the friend that like to fucking get drunk and drive, then I ain't hanging with you. Yeah. If you, the friend that respectfully that is getting arrested every other month, I'm not. We not hanging That is not respectful. If you the friend that when we go out, you can't keep your dick in your pants.


You gotta talk to everything in the world and the ugly deal. You bring it. Yeah. Doing that then I'm not, I'm not, I got a long list of reasons as to why you don't really need to hang out with people. If, if you do have a friend and these things happen, do you s the friendship? No. You Slowly just kind of distance. You ain't gotta separate it. You could just know what box to put that person in. Like all right, cool. Hang out every once in I could be cool with you, But small doses only you call a small doses friend Only in this type of capacity. That part I Love it. See, you know, listen. And I kinda want my friends today to have shit going on. Like, you be busy, right Word. Yeah.


Like the days of people just being available 24 7 or just hiring a friend to do something. A job that a real person should be doing. Like the niggas that be hiring a friend to be the bodyguard or the friend to be the driver or the friend to be the shit manager. Yeah. Yeah. Any, any of that. Like, nah, not today, dog worse Shit, I feel you. Not today. There's too much shit going on. There's too much shit that you have to actually pay attention to and kind of like be aware of. Especially now Wall Street is doing shit like you gotta, you gotta, But your friendship come with conditions to me. And that's how I look. I'm loyal to the soil regardless. I mean, Oh, I hate that too.


Yeah. But that's what It is. I'm loyal. I'm no for real. Like listen to you talk, listen to you talk and I'm hearing you, which is cool, but I don't agree with that. I don't agree with that. I don't agree with, I mean well works part 'cause I said a lot. It works for you. You're saying that basically if my friends get into things, You know what I mean? And they continue to get into things, then I would distance myself from them. Which is Oh yeah. Which is great and that's great. That's your forties and I got it. I get it. Me, my friend is my friend for sure. Okay. And maybe, maybe I am, I guess glutton for punishment. Naive, not glutton, but condoning or enabling. Enabling. Yeah. Maybe I'm enabling things but I look at things different from what he's saying.


No. What happens when friend end about five years, you might look at it different. What happens? You absolutely will. What happens? That friend that is always getting into shit. Yes. You hang with them. Now they got you in some shit because they known for getting into shit. Well then, then, then I agree with that. You see what I'm saying? Some, some of, of hold up. Part part of growth is, is risk assessment and realizing that part what is worth your time. Like we, I I told Joe when I walked in here earlier today, I, I read a post that shooter put up on Instagram, my man where he was like, I'm no longer going to places where if it happened, the first question everybody would ask is, why the fuck was he even in there? And I'm like, yeah, I'm on that type of time too now.


Yep. Like once you get, we keep saying it's your forties. Once you get to that point in life where you just start to think about it like, yo dog, do I need to do this? Or if this person ain't moving the same type of way that I move, do I really need to be with them? I agree because I've been preaching that shooter shit for a while. Since, since I almost got my head popped up off on Gifford and Jersey City Harlem years ago. Be where you supposed to be. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Be wherever you supposed to be. So Who you supposed to be with. So it could just align with whatever the universe's plan is. I I think I told my girl that the other day in some type of fucking cheating conversation. Well she was joking around. I was like, that don't apply to me. 'cause I'm never know where that I'm not supposed to be.


I don't say I'm one place and run over here. I don't leave it to, to the newspapers and headlines to let my loved ones know what was going on with me that night. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. No, not at all. And I'm not gonna lie to y'all. The hood overrates loyalty. What you mean? It's my favorite race line. I I'm like royalty around y'all, down the fall with niggas I feel are as loyal as me. Which is probably why loyalty is my downfall. Mm. I love that line. Number one. A lot of these niggas ain't the the greatest why want they them next to me all the time or attaching theyself to me.


Some of them people don't know how to fucking rock with what I got going on. My vision, my, some of you niggas we just knew since we was nine. Okay. And It is a long time and went to high school together. You was there for that one fight I had as a freshman when they were picking on me. And now we adults you 39 talking about. That's my man. I'm loyal. No nigga get away from me. Yeah. Length of time though. I don't, yeah, I don't, I don't n nah But I still feel duty to them. I just, I just don't kick it with 'em all the time. Like if it, if if in that case if somebody, if I got jumped in ninth grade and you was there then I'm always gonna be there for you. Don't mean I'm always gonna invite you to every event. True. It don't mean I'm always gonna give you money every time you ask for it. Exactly. But I got, I feel like I owe you something.


I always feel like I'm gonna stay committed to you a little bit. What you just described is not how they speak about loyalty when they talk about it. That's Fair. Because undying, That's on the flip side. What you just said is on the flip side of my argument that's being said, which is a, if I feel at any point that I want to pick up and exit whatever the fuck this is that we got going on, I wanna reserve the right to do so. That's real. That's real. I just never, I'm, I I guess I'm saying I'm in the middle. Like I, I don't completely abandon the person and I also don't feel like I gotta, I got to use discernment when dealing with them. Yeah. But I also, I I I I'm not tied to you forever. 'cause we, you change and you grow and just 'cause I mean we all listen, everybody grows. We all grow at the, at the end of The day.


No we don't. No they don't. No. A lot of people, no they don't. A lot Don't mean internally. Even if you are loyal to somebody, you fuck with them. If you see them doing some bullshit, you can still be loyal to them. But take a step back. Your loyalty can mean that. I'm gonna make sure I remind you the shit you're doing is stupid. Your loyalty can mean that if your child is in need, because I have a relationship with you, even if I'm not talking to you, I'm gonna make sure I help them. Loyalty and being I for sure a friend. Yeah. It is so many man. That's what I'm saying. It's in the middle. That's what I'm saying. You wanna act like you some type of man get outta here. No, I think that we just get on podcast mics and present a certain way, but life on life terms happens for everybody. So that loyalty that you talking about to somebody else could sound like I'm 900,000 in a hole because I keep having to pay for somebody's attorney fees.


Right. And then it's not going to be, yo now if they need something, I'm popping. No, it comes with a little more thought. So then when You stream behavior, sorry. And life and the universe when it's greater than us, comes with scenarios and variables where It is gonna require a little more thought than us saying, that's my man and if you need it, I'm here for you. And a lot of times people have a very different idea or concept as to what loyalty actually is. For sure. You know, and that's where you end up in like, you know, kind of like a mess with people. That's true. 'cause their concept of what loyalty is, is like, you're like, that's not my concept. You do whatever I need you To do. Exactly. Right. And That's, That's, That's not, not Loyalty.


Right. And the moment you say no. Yeah, that's why I said the real then you're loyal. Loyal. You're not loyal. I paid people's rent for literally years at a time. And then at some point I've had to say like, I can't anymore. You gotta do something different. Yeah. The loyalty could turn into enabling ease in the blink of the eye. You not No, you mean nothing. The wiser. Yep. Mm. Okay. I No, no, no, no. Because look, you went through a situation, the nigga stood by you, you have situations that you went through. So are you saying that people don't only standing by you because you are mo 'cause you're successful monetarily or because they're loyal to you? Because the person gonna say, yo Joe keep going through this shit. So now I'm not fucking with 'em. 'cause it sound crazy. But the people around you didn't choose that path.


They chose that. No, I understand. I know that things happen and we know Joe and we are going to be loyal to him and carry it as such. That's Okay. I think I understand what you're saying. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Because I'm trying to be respectful because I, hold on. Wait, wait. Hold on. I'm trying because it sounds like this. 'cause I don't wanna say anything to offend anyone. That's not my intent. So I'm trying to find a way of how to work it. Well there's no need to. There's No need to. Well I'm kind of offending 'cause we was outside talking shit. So you know, I have a chip in my sh I have a chip in my dick. Pause. Well, don't bring outside inside. Well, Yeah, Yeah. But let me see if I think I understand what you're saying. This is my reply to that. I don know. I'm Just uncomfortable. The people that stand by me.


Yeah. And, and the people that are there for me in my times of need. I don't ever need to call that loyalty. And I don't see it as loyalty. What do you See that that's us. That's the relationship. It's not nothing where I need to identify this characteristic about or this trait on this specific person. Ah, there's also standing by someone. 'cause you know who they are versus the circumstances. The circumstances that happened to them. For sure. Okay. But even still, you gotta pull the plugs. If, if every time Joe got into some shit, it, it affected us.


Right. And every time and after a while, after the fifth time or the 10th time, it was like, yo, you just fucking up your brand. It's fucking up your job. I might have to say like, yo, I, I I love you, but like, I I can't stand next to you on this anymore. 'cause you gotta make some different choices. Like, it's okay to tell people to make different choices. Yeah. I, I disagree with what you said. Parks totally. Only because Look at us getting deep. Yeah. I don't like this, this kind of conversation. No, I love this. I love this. Hate It. Is It, it's, a lot of times you might not, We don't do it enough. We don't have these dogs enough period. Agreed. Not just here, just period. Go ahead. A though. But It's, a lot of times people might not know what that person is on. Like, you might not See that side of them. So then when you hear the shit that happened, it's like, nah, that's my man.


I'm rolling. I he would never do that. But That goes back to me saying knowing the person. But Like, you Know what you think, what you think of knowing the person might not be knowing the person. Exactly. Because a lot of shit that you could know a person and then you hear something that come out about them later on, you'd be like, yo, I never knew that this was, this was them. I mean, it Sounds like you didn't know them but Me. No, That's not true because your parents can do shit that surprises the fuck out of you. Exactly. You know what I mean? There's always an element of people, everybody that you know, you just don't know. It is a secret part of them that they just, you know, keep hidden. Everybody has That. I, I, yeah, I disagree. Yeah. Got you. I disagree for the people I know personally. If they do something crazy, most of the time, 99% of the time it's like I, I guess I could have seen that coming.


I was just wearing blinders intentionally. Hmm. Oh, sorry. Just Watching my man. Oh yeah, I was producing. You thought you about to play something, man. I was. I you guys I thought you was doing. Oh yeah, but then it was blank silence. So I was like, oh shit, let me Joe Button here. Okay. It is too funny, dude. We did that, y'all. Yeah, that was fun. We Started off with this little deep convo. Yeah, Man. All right, let's get to it now though. Let's Talk about ice. The other one. Which one? Oh, the one, the ones that was about to bag you. Yeah. I know niggas was yelling outside the car making fun of me.


Man. Trump got you flip, huh? I'm like can you move me from over there please? Yeah. One guy, if you look at the video, one guy was recording me like this, acting like he was on the phone like this. He was doing your move. That shit JR. Was dying at Pops. Come on. Yeah. So bad. Hey, hold up now. Take too young.


What? Who? You know who this is? No. Oh God, shit. Wait, wait. You joking right? No, he's dead serious. No, I don't listen. Some Frank Sinatra though. He every word I know the song. I Don't worry about it. That, that, that, that is part of why this Ben stopped being a music podcast. It is Only three people up here that no music. Wait up. Whoa. Shout To wherever you might be listening from. Always for the ladies.


Hey, Shout to the nine to five is out there. The entrepreneurs out there. Shout to the dough Boys. Anybody at work? Anybody avoiding that contested price? Shout to y'all. Hey, shout to the appearance out there. Whole Philadelphia. Whole Philadelphia. Come on man. Y'all got your moment.


That's it. Shout to stay. Barkley you out here. Shout to patrons, all the subgroup and all that. Listen out. What up? What up? What up? What up? Yeah, I mean I'm doing it like it's a fuck. Talking about all the teenagers.


Listen out there. The young niggas listening out there. What up, what up, what up? These two. Trying to figure out who this was. Don't don't. Mel. Nigga Mel was in the video. Nigga Mel Mel Know. Yes sir. Get the money. Get the money. Big Jersey. Hey, Shout Carolinas. Any of my family members listening. What up? What up, what up? What up? Everybody in the building listening. Peace.


Peace. Peace and love. Alright, We gonna get started. Started. Now I'm where I need to be, Which make me want to go out.


Well man. Hold On. Dance. You would've dance. Daddy Flip. And Mel and Mark, mark, mark. Mark. What episode is this? 7 95.


Welcome to episode 7 95 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by Fueled By Powered by prize pigs. PrizePicks Game.


I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, happy to be here. Fully dressed. Host Joe Button here with a few really amazing people. I'm still funny. Am my right. You know the vibes, huh? Big Melyssa Ford in the building. The legend herself. Fuck these bitches talking about Exactly. Next to her queens Flip Queens. Get the money. Fresh home. Fresh outta jail. California. It is backwards now. Yeah, It is backwards. Yeah. Free. Flip to his backwards man. Yeah.   next to him. You know the deal. Dr. Mark Lamont Hill in the flesh. Go. Eagles here. Big freeze is in the building. Newark's Finest. Al Myra's Finest Parks is here. Yep. Poet is here. Ian is here. Corey is here.


Key is here. Ericson is here. Sivan and Tan are here by remote. Last but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys is here now. What's up? How's everybody's weekend? Great. Great. Amazing. Good. It was good. I was in the house all weekend. Y trying. Think did I Do anything. I was Out Friday, but then Saturday I was in pajamas by 7:00 PM Yeah, Saturday and Sunday I did the same. Friday moved around a little bit Saturday and Sunday in the crib. It bothers me now to have to go out and I didn't finish the show like it sounds sounds odd, but if I'm out and I'm like on episode seven, I gotta get back home. It is like really need to be here.


Yeah man. Pete is about to fucking break in there. I did Finish Night Agent. I did Finish Night Agent. Is that good? Three I think. Yeah. Night Agent is good. Night Agent is good. That's Good. Is it another one of them? Thriller shows Like Espionage Show? Is it espionage? Like Yeah, like is it Yeah, conspiracy. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I guess It is. Yeah. I just, y'all like a certain kind of show, so I'll be trying to gauge without watching or not the name of it. Except in every show I watch, there's something to figure out. Something has to be uncovered here. Who did This, who done it? Who It is responsible for this. Gotcha. Yeah. We haven't had a show for a second that we're all on the same page and like watching religiously.


It's a little drow right now. Yeah. I just started watching Dexter original sin 'cause The fuck Nothing else. Yeah, It is it good. You a Dexter fanatic. I Love. That's it. Like I love the show Dexter. Well they fucked up the ending, but I love Dexter so I'm watching Original Sin. I like it. It's cool. I'm gonna try it. And there's an aftermath show coming this summer. Another one. Another one. Yo Showtime is outta Ideas. Right. And I'm actually thinking about going into to the movies tonight to see Seven. Ooh, I love that. The theaters the Rerelease song. They're playing it in not a re-release. They they do that up there now where they pick old. That's fire.


I would do that. I would see seven in, I didn't see seven in the theater when it came Out. I don't me either. So I would See that in the theater. I definitely did. I did. That shit was fire. I'd See that again. Yeah, it was great. What? It is one Of my favorite. What year the seven come on? 91. 1995. Was it from five? I know it was in high school. Somewhere around, yeah, I didn I see seven because They just had their 25th anniversary. 95. I was trying to scrounge up some date money to go see Menace. I think with my, with my little high school crush. You took it did Date to see? Oh no, my, my not high school crush. That was before high school. Huh? You, you, you took your date to see Menace. Yeah. What, what's wrong with that? Oh man, I just, I didn We ain't do that. I was 15. Oh yeah. I mean we went, I took this them kind of movie. Just not like the You were older not to shoot 'em up.


You Right. How old are you? 46. Yeah. You you got me by when's your birthday? December 17th. Yeah. Thank you. Oh wait, it's your son's birthday, that's why. Oh, I was about Look at job. Look at y'all. I do same shit. That was crazy for me. I, I text Mel on her birthday every, every, every year like Happy Birthday and she really appreciate. This is my brother's birthday. I never told you that, but yeah. So that's, I remember it's, I figured it was in your I cal or something like that. You know, like recurring event. I cal Sometimes I calendar. She said I cal. That's how you get, that's how you get that off at home with the wife. Yeah. That's a one. That's a good one. My brother's birthday. It is Anthony's birthday. You you're welcome.


Yeah. That's A good one. No, for sure. You're welcome. A great weekend, Man. And that's two days after my son's birthday. December 17th. Oh Yeah. Yeah's The day after my brother's. Yeah. All right. All right. We got a lot. And then my stepdaughter's birthday is the 16th, so it's like a double whammy. That's, that's My s birthday 16th. Are you, are you a good stepfather when it comes to gifts? I'm a good person to Anybody in my life. Wait, listen. Do you open to make them question their dad? You know my, my stepdad got me this hell shit. No, I didn. Okay. I be careful nigga. I don't do that. Caribbean niggas put hands on you nigga. I don't support Jamaican nigga. Fuck you. You, I forgot.


I don't Support step kids or kids saying fuck they dad either. No, There's some kids that do that. There's some kids that do that. But you do gotta you up it more than the pop the pops. I don't concern myself with what the pops does, but if I'm upping it for my daughter, I have to up it for the step kids as well. We all live in the same house. That's, I'm not going to freeze. That's tough though. That's a tough, so I'm supposed to up it for my daughter to get them some bullshit and then get them some bullshit so that, so that it don't feel like I'm stepping on Pops set me up. Set not all the way up. If you know, if you, if you see a pattern of what the father gives them, you have to be mindful of what you give the kids.


'cause that I dig what he's saying. Like, like if you buy your kids some Jordans, you can't buy your step kids like some Sketchers. Right. Some s Sketchers. Whoa. So then you buy everybody the Jordans and then the the pop come in. He don't buy Jordans. Then you look Yeah, that's not my, I don nothing. We talking about, we talking about the pop could never get them to PS five and you buy like three Ps fives for each one of them. Like shit like that. And why would they need three Ps five? Do you understand how PS five works? No, I, well I got, I got, I got three in my home so that's not true. Yeah, I got two in mine so. Yeah. So you guys cracking jokes you said per kid? Yeah, but I, Prince's got one, Jr got one Two in the same room 'cause they tricked me. What did they do? Some system to system? Yeah. Console. You get to play each other because you ain't gotta split the screen there now you Exactly Carry on.


Yeah. I'm with you though. I feel like if, if, if the kids is in your household, you gotta treat 'em all the same. So I'm not, I'm not gonna sit there and go above and beyond for my daughter and then do something different for My girl's kids. I can't jump in here with, with jokes. So Just get Pop said a hundred dollars. Joe sent a thousand. The one topic I have to Beat up and I can't, I can't joke Around. Pop said a hundred dollars or $50. Joe sent a thousand. You know what I mean? She look, she the kids not gonna wanna fight for pop. No, I don't know if my step kid's dad know how expensive their little motherfucker like them niggas got nice taste like they not picking skips. They 17.


Oh yeah. My little bro, my little brothers are 17. About to be 18 years old. My mans yeah hit me last night. Yo. Next Nick game. You don't go to sending tickets. I'm like yo. Who? Yo. Hold on. Nah, sending tickets is wild. Oh yeah. Lemme get those big dog right. I'm need Yo, you going, you going into the Denver game? Yeah. Yo dog. Who are you talking to? Like that's A square up. Quick Little score. That's my new thing with all of the kids. It is like yo, who are y'all talking to? Oh yeah, my step kid's probably the most but like my kids and my fucking brothers and shit. Oh my God. And they, they kids don't have no sense of money. They think like they, he grows on trees. No, they swear I'm rich. Don't be sitting there yo we want this.


And I'm like, well don't all kids think that? Didn't you got money? Think that at one point We want this. Lucky You Lexton found some type of way. He must have found the VIP Rob Roblox closed. Oh Nigga now he pressing the buttons. That shit costs 2 99. 3 99 Fam. I'm running through Roblox like It is nothing like they treat that shit like it grows on treat. Yeah, You talking about I want a new outfit. He sounding like you got money. Yo, I Need more Robuck. Oh no. I Made the mistake of putting my niece on my family plan once when she was probably 12 or something like that. Oh no, I had a $700 Apple bill one month. I was like nah, never again. They walk in there with the iPad like this. So just put the password in. I need this, put the password in.


I'm like nah, you can't play with them kids. Okay. I think Lex wanted want to be on my Amex. I think he want like his own shit. Oh nah. My, my, my girl's daughter, she knows she's eight now. She knows how to shop online. So she's sitting there. Y'all got a whole cart shade saved here. Her Christmas was coming up. What do you want for Christmas? You right here just handed me the, her iPad with the cart. Oh shit. Nice. Check Out who you talking to. Dog. You ate but also good looks right, easier. Okay. Talking to though. I don know Man. Moms hit me the other day. Yo. This is a list of places I want to go this summer. Gimme your points.


Your Mom stay trying to get your points though. Yo. Her points. I think it worked. I think it worked now because I didn didn't have time to have to talk so I just said yo hit hit the accountant. Who? Yeah and the accountant fucked around and told her I guess how many points I had. Oh shit. Oh it's up. Oh it's a wrap. It is up. Oh. That's all she did was text me. You have this amount of points. She Was like 8 million. She did have a good summer word. I gotta learn how to use them shits. Yes You do. Oh they great. They come in handy. I use 'em for my daughter all the time. I gotta, how to use my shits too. I've never, I've never used the one time I tried to use 'em, it just seemed like it was an annoyance to me.


They, They made it so it was not no more. I did the same thing. I went like 10 years without using em. I figured out how to use 'em. I started using 'em for all my travel. My daughter's overseas for study abroad. I used them to get to flyer out there to pay for the crib to do all shit. You gotta travel. I travel. You travel. I just be paying no travel. I travel Dog used them points. Okay. Oh you didn't travel? Oh shit. Oh, you not getting None of my points Mel. No, that's not what she saying though. No, that's, you think you travel, you don't really travel. She travels is what she's saying. I Was not throwing myself into the equation. Nah, we got it man. I, it was a double wavy too because she's like, if we travel then no pod.


No no. Because if he goes away we have proven That we hold the shit still to work shit down. Still work is work. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all have proven that. Don't Say something. He Just got Tricked. I said y'all proven that He just got triggered ahead To see everybody in the good mood. Hold. Hold that in. Try my best real quick. I have an issue not with you and not with everybody, but I feel like the audience and people up here are not willing to teach. Mel is the only one I say that because a lot of times when they write about the questions that I ask they oh I can't believe Queen asked the stupid questions. Not knowing that I'm really learning in real time and I've just been secluded in life.


I just been in my own world. So I come up here, I wanna learn them niggas in the cop. You, you asked some interesting questions. Dogs, they a little but, but then you asked yo, you know JayZ started Rockefeller with bigs and D together. That's dumb. But what I'm saying, the questions I ask is because It is. And I be when when I read it after they post, it's like, damn that is, that does sound crazy. That Is stupid. You just gotta remember that most of the audience is licensed. Oh, mature. If you remember that one little tidbit that most of them have a license. Be a good spot man. Yo, Joe, you know Joe, you could tell I learned in real time a lot of shit. I just like, oh word. I just been in my own world man. Yeah, but you not up here to learn.


You are up here to work. That's like if I go buy a Red Bull and fucking Gatorade come out, it's like you are just, just be some energy. So you put me with jumping. Ah. And Then chill. You ain't gotta, you gotta, It is so, so I have a question for you. You ask more questions than that. That I don. I do do that stupid shit. Yeah. Here's a question for you. What year did Coca-Cola sell more than Pepsi? Like Be like Questions a kid ask you and shit. Yeah, see I fucking seen damn shit. I like This pod. If we was all just like left back Like Joe, if We got Joe can't tell you man That no, I'm not talking to you.


All of us. There's not I and team. It is all of us. Like if all of us got on the short dollar van, the short one, But it was yellow and we gotta School that Way. They stayed in the same classroom, the trailer all day. In the trailer right here in the back and ate pizza. Get your I know pizza. I'm not laughing. I wanna Thank you for taking your time to help me ma'am. And there's, I'm on your case a lot but you help me and there's times where you do ask some very thought provoking questions. Thank you ma'am. You know if you do know I'm shooting you some mail. Yeah. You know, try To answer questions too. Funny part. Yeah, that's why she's so funny because you help her in real life. Like With all her pontifications in real life. So she has no problem answering. Yeah. In real life you are a solid source of info for her.


But In pod life, yeah, In pod life she's fucking, Hey, one time I was watching something and I asked a question, I saw a male face. I'm like, dad was that dumb. I was like huh? She tried to play it off. You gotta watch these cameras. My bad. So ladies out there don't try to change the rules. Next month They will. Valentine's Day is indeed Valentine's Day. A day. One day y'all getting fancy because it falls on a Friday this year.


Oh lord. And you're trying to turn it into Valentine's Weekend Weekend. Which only existed when we was running out to the Poconos back in the day to get the room with the The heart. Heart circle. Yeah, it was a heart bathtub And we do the little Ski thing. That's when it was Valentine weekend. But that's over with. Yeah, y'all are getting shit. Y'all might have to get to Thursday. It's really A half day because everyone works. You know What I mean? Yeah. And then the 15th is side chick day. Now you never gonna beat the allegation. Oh shit. Hey stop.


Come on Saturday. Hey you got a delivery, there's Flowers, You set yourself up. Oh shit. What? My second side chick Sunday. I heard it up here. I heard. I learned Don't forget Side Chick Saturday. You Want crazy man. Don't except any gifts that come on Saturday. Well he had to work Friday so he gonna take out Saturday. Mm Yeah but when I wake up Saturday, Valentine's Day is over over for sure.


It ain't that shit that y'all trying to do. So what are we about to do? No, no, not about to do nothing but watch law and order like we normally do. Girl, it's All Star weekend. Yeah, well he took that scene doing some shit. I already know he gonna propose on Valentine. It could be Rose petals on the floor. He, he gonna propose on Valentine. I can't wait. Watch it. Look at this nigga Joe. Look we got him. We gonna propose on Valentine. He ain't gonna do that. Why not? He too Smooth for today because I can't. That's cool. We need a proposal. That's too cliche. Yeah, for him. A little bit. I can't figure out when all the people that I want to perform are supposed to perform during my reception. When are they supposed to perform? What the fuck? No, I'm serious. I want fucking Kim, Lil Kim.


Oh you know He Don't want, he don't want no, no disrespect. He don't want little magic stick thing outta nowhere. Big mama thought you wanna come down little. He used to be scared of the dick. Who was, Who Was he? Every nigga nigga Kevin. KEM Chechem. Oh yeah, I'm sorry. He don't know who that is. It is a band.


No, no. Who It is one nigga named Kim. It is a band. Is he a singer? Yes. Yes. Is he talented? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. No he is got bums at his wedding. Right, Right, right. But it could be a friend. He could just be doing women earlier. He said y'all like when you put friends on, that's your wedding. Not having no friend perform at his wedding. Okay. Sorry. I was just gonna show him who Kim was. He Sings a song Love Calls. He Don't know that song. He'll know when he hear it. He'll know any old school radio station. They play chem from like three o'clock to like six o'clock. Music that flip has been listening to. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Told you You Heard song.


I did. No You didn't With that shit. This bench stop being a music part though so It's okay. Gloves. Damn Flint. Are you in contact with this guy? Yeah, I know. Now we gotta let it rock for a little bit. Sorry. Yeah, I promise y'all, we starting this pod at at some point. That really? Right. Fuck that. They Don't need heard Nelson on Donald Trump. We ain't got shit to talk about. Right.


Made What's up? Looks good. Yo. Yo flip thing that this is, It is a demo artist. Great future. He might go somewhere. Somebody should sign him. I'm gonna give you the whole clip and then we gonna get back to talking about nothing. Holy shit Up out there. Hey Yeah, I need this one. A live band in my wedding nigga. You crazy.


Oh my God. Okay, Okay, I see. So anyway, that's the vibe I need. I need Tank. Of course I need Joe. Who's the bang gonna be like Robert Glasper or some shit? Who? What? Who's The bang gonna be Robert Glasper or some shit? Robert Glad 1500. Yeah. Okay. Yeah some something like that. I need all of the flies singing Higgs Alex Isley. Y'all get some Sean Stockton, Alex Isley. Oh yeah boy Min on Bend knee, Sean boys Min on Bend Knee, let's go. I want that type of vibe at at my shit. Yeah. So all week I've been thinking about yo, when is that supposed to happen? Good question. Like What other female vocalist would you want? You just female man or male? Male. It depends on how, how many Tamia you could do it after the like the little first dance and all that shit.


The dinner, the first thing that you bring out boys to men. Yeah. Or you could do that like the climax you do at the end of the No, but all of that music is kind of like, You could break it Up slow. Like I like, I like you wanna party. I like at the wedding when it's party time, like when it, when they about to play the shit. So maybe during the food That's, that's why you do it early and then, then we party. Then you turn up and then maybe you end it with boys, men or something like that Or someone. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's not a bad idea. Yeah, I'm on Lenny K Crab. I want a bunch of niggas performing my shit. I like that hill. Cisco? Yeah. Beauty. I need Drew Hill singing beauty at my shit. That's, this shit can be a concert nigga. I was gonna say that Festival shit. Yeah Man Shoot.


And the lady gonna be in my shit. Hopefully. Right babe. Right babe. Wait, wait, hold on. I was gonna ask you, do you invite old work though? Yeah, I said the ladies, I didn't say nothing about old work. That's not the same. Oh That's work to your funeral. What I heard ladies, that's what you Meant. I'll be your funeral. That was before Slept like a motherfucker. It really was. Yeah, no I just meant beautiful women Duch, they go over your List. That don't have to be old work of mine. I just mean I beautiful, beautiful women. Got you. You surprised I don, I don't wanna be nowhere where not beautiful women honestly. Like that's real. She just has a rule of thumb in life. Do y'all both go over the invitation list? Like say if you have yours individually and she has hers individually, do y'all both cross examine each other's list or It is more like Anything that I'd say is, is speculation.


I've never gone through it. Yes, I I Would Imagine. Oh, you Have to make a list and you double check each other's shit so you don't forget nobody and Make sure y'all ain't got the same person over here. Yeah. Oh Shit. You gotta make a a, a a list. So what other person say, I don't want this person there and You have a conversation about it. Then you need to have a conversation. Got it. You better have a good argument for why you want that person there. Yeah. Or why you don't or why you don't. Right. Yeah, Because my girl gonna be keeping people outta there for the dumbest of reason. I seen that one reel that bitch posted. She Think I didn't see that's about me. It is like, oh my god. All right babe. You got it all. She can't come No jokes. Yeah, She's coming with her man.


I don't know how she got, I I I said I didn't send her the invite. I don't know how she got, I don know how she got here. She's a plus one. It's Corey plus one. Corey got 20, got Plus four. Right. Corey and Keno Gotta gotta blame it on the dog. Y'all ain't gonna lie man. Wherever you go to get your tux or whatever, I'm going nigga, I I gotta look good for your wedding Son. Then that part like I gotta be slim. What? Like I gotta be slim. The Tux hides a little bit though. All right. I, I got Ptsd. TS I don want my shit looking like ghosts, ghost to ghost suits nigga. I gotta be slim. The wedding just seem like, it just seem like a lot. It's not as bad as it sounds like. Yeah, It is not. But I had a great time at every wedding I've gone to with the exception of eh, With, Except with the exception of a few.


I had a great time like Zaire shit. Oh my god. Beautiful. I was just telling somebody the other day, all 'em loving hip hop weddings I've been to Absolutely fire like real fire sari. Yeah. Yeah. That was the old trick when they get married and the love of hip hop so they could get some of the money. Oh. Makes it smart. But yeah, fucking safari shit. Fire over there. Expensive. Ella, Joelle fire over there. Shit, I was at a wedding on couples therapy. I was the best man. Oh yeah, you were Of like a transgender wedding? Yeah. Oh. How'd you become the best man? She asked me. Mm. Wow. She always say your wedding was probably the most fun I've had at a wedding. Thank you. I've been to quite a few.


I heard a lot of great things about you. Wedding. Wedding was lick that shit lasted for what, two days? Yeah. Pretty much. Damn, You ain't been thinking about it. Freeze. Yeah. Yes. You Ain't gotta look away, but, but Think about the heart been chopping Peru, perusing Carrie, Kurt, carry on. Thank you. Freeze. I'm going your wedding too. Oh yeah, of course. You're My dog. Been to that David Yurman. Hold on. But both. Okay. Wait. You'll love David Bri. Both Members. What happened? Both PO members can't get married. Excuse in the same year though. Why? Why not? It's a lot of weddings, so shit, we can, let's be fun. I'm more time off.


I'm recycling shit, so No, I ain't getting married this year. I already ate the tax tax nut for this year. The only advice I would give Next year, I'm gonna be prepared. That's Real. Next year I'm gonna be ready. It is lie. Hey, y'all got that shit off this year, but next year I'm coming strapped up State shit too. Yeah. I always Strap When I'm in the club Bitch. Bitch. Shit me Live. All, all, all right. All right. Pride time ick Almost then. That's crazy. Alright, Well otherwise it ain't really too much important up there, so I'm just gonna continue to have a good time. Anybody else think that this ASAP Rocky trail is getting a little bit spooky? I think it's very spooky.


Spook. Yeah, because ice was just saying be Yeah. The main, the main defense from what I was reading before was there was saying there was a starter pistol. It doesn't actually fire, he, it's like a, like a fake gun that he carries. But he has legally owned weapons at home. And I'm like, okay, if that's your defense and you can prove that that's not a real pistol, great. But then I saw pictures that they recovered the shells and they matched them to gun, a real gun that he owns. That he owns now. That's tricky now. 'cause your starter pistol defense is out the window. This is the gun that, it was a real gun that was fired. So it was matched to his gun or just that type of gun. It said what I read was matched to his gun.


Oh yeah. It's the gun that was registered to him. That's tough. It's very tough. Whew. That's bad. Yeah. And again, like I said, you should took that plea when he, his his reason for not taking the plea. I still don't understand that part. Same. I just don't get that. 'cause I, if if your lawyer's telling you, you know, we can beat it, that's one thing. But if you're saying, I just don't want to take that plea because I'll lose brand deals and it'll mess up. I can't tour. Those are your reasons. This Is where I'm conflicted with this. I'm lost because I, I assume him to have all of the resources and all of the money and the lawyers in the world, I would imagine. Yeah. Right. I I put that there by default.


Same. So that to me would mean he's getting some great legal, legal advice watching from the outside. It does not appear that way at all. Even if there was this a 1% chance of you being guilty, they offered you six months versus 24 years. Your explanation of it being my, it's, It is gonna be a career ender as if the 24 years is not a career. And that was my Point. Like it's is six months versus 24 years max? Is It the three year pro probation that you feel, because I know a lot of people, you know, you feel like probation is a trap and when, especially when you have a long probation term, it's like dog, it's set up for me to violate at some point and go back three years.


Ain't that bad bro. Especially if you, I would imagine if you have young kids, like I can just chill and be a dad for three years. Fuck You. Right. And you're rich. I mean, you'll be Chilling out of the lime life for a minute now. Facts. Maybe he wants a better deal while he's hoping for a better deal. And, And that was a really good Deal. And you're black still and A rapper, sorry to say And no that matters. And you're famous, let's say famous because rapper sounds racist. No, but no, from the perspective of the jury who might just have a very stereotypical way of looking at white rapper's. Exactly. Rappers. Then The jury is all white. Exactly. Yeah. I'm that's Why you're Applies here. You're rapper.


It is tone deaf to me from him or Is is it? Maybe. And he's proven and, and and, and part of a lot of people's issue with him originally was his stance publicly as it as it pertained to black matters. Forgot about that. I did too. I forgot about that. Yeah, I never did. I never did. Because it's important. It's, It is important to remember who you are and where you are. Right. So now it relates you, you establish a fucking pattern where that train of thought could be harmful to where you're not cognizant all of those years ago on that red carpet when they asked you and you was like, yo dog real insensitive.


He came off, he didn't Very, And now it's like, okay, you don't know it. Not only do you not know any better, but, but the thinking now is more so harmful for you and nobody else. You are the person that's gonna, that's gonna wear these consequences. So in la guns famous. It ain't really, it ain't really added up to be pretty for pretty for us. No it hasn't. All of These things that I'm saying are reasons why six months you should probably jump at, you should just Say unless your lawyer is got Got you thinking the Rihanna card is gonna work. Yeah. The Rihanna card is why you got six months.


Yeah. Or unless there's some loophole that he's aware of that we're not putting To That's what I'm It is one or two things to me. Either they said, look, the state is offering six months if they're offering you six months on something that has an alternative of 24 months. 24 years. 24 years. Excuse me. Yeah. They don't have, they got a weak case. Right? Yeah. And and that's why they're offer you, they don't offer you six months unless they got a weak case. But from what I'm hearing you say, the physical evidence is now there and that changes that. The other thing is maybe it's hardheaded. Maybe the lawyers are like, please take this six months. And he's just like, no, I, I've seen that happen where guys are looking at a terrible set of charges and they say, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going to fight it at, at trial. And I see a lot of guys get 20 and 30 years when they could have got 1, 2, 3 years, years. 'cause they don't listen to their lawyers. He could be that guy. District. Yeah. And then I see, I see a lot of those rappers go to jail and then start talking about bad counsel.


Yep. Every time start, start talking about their lawyer. Yeah. I just think we've seen it too many times. He's playing a dangerous game. Good luck to him. Yeah. Real word. Good luck to him. But but the optics of it, ugh. It is spook it it, I wouldn't roll those dice, Man. I took it six months so fast. I wouldn't roll those dice. Especially if you tell me there's a video of me, of me doing it. Yeah. And, and shell casings In the article. Was there like a, a defense's counter to that? Did it? I'm just wondering if it, I haven't seen it because you know, we talked about discovery, you know, and so the, the defense knows that they had this evidence. So I'm just wondering what their counter to this would've been. I have no clue. You know, and they might be Holding that fire.


Yeah. You go find me Coniff girl. Is she there? That's, You know she there. Come On. No, she's there everywhere. She's there. She's getting there. Meg with the Bob is always there, Man. Meg with the Bob. Yeah. On the phone on vibrate. I mean on Ring. Get outta here. That's how early I be going to sleep. Now I gotta put my phone on ring in case somebody call me or text me. So I put that shit over there at seven o'clock and be Like, ah, I got my shit to go to sleep mode. And only a select few people can get through. Yep. Anybody else do you will go to voicemail. Save as me too. I'll deal with you all tomorrow. Save, don't play that. Yeah.


Prayers. I don't know. Yeah. I wish him luck. I don't, I don't, I I wish him luck. I don't get this. What can you say? You know, we just have to see how it plays out. And that's it. I think that I was on probation five years and it was, it was hard for me. So I know what it's like to not wanna be on probation and you come to a point where and, and What was the hardest part of it? I'm in the middle. Right. Because I was also arrogant. Extremely arrogant Back in the day. Yeah. Yeah. Well still I was extremely arrogant. So my mother worked for the mayor's office. I do what I want. That type of attitude. Walking in there. They got me waiting all day. I don't wanna wait all day. I don't do drugs. You keep wanting drug testing. Me. I was just getting ready to say that you keep wanting to piss test me.


But you doing it intentionally. But then when you sit down and you analyze it and in retrospect I realize that come to a realization that they only did that because I was being a dick. Because there's plenty of times I could have called them and had a conversation with them or just, you know. But it's always, I guess it's always us against them. I think it, it was a little easier. Like you said, you don't smoke and drink. That's, that's a real big part of it. A lot of niggas, whether they want to admit it or not, it's a lot of niggas addicted to weed. Yeah. Nigga. They, but they make you sometimes niggas don't think they could be addicted to it. Niggas are addicted to weed to be dicks. They'll make you make you check in biweekly. You gotta come here biweekly no matter where you at.


Then it's monthly. And then some cool ones will let you check in once a year. Like It is just depending on or by phone. Yeah. Or by phone. Exactly. Yeah. But see all of that shit that comes with being a criminal, it took me two seconds to go through it to figure out I didn't wanna be a criminal. Like I was on probation if that's what it was. Or maybe it was pretrial probation, some shit. Some shit where I had to check in with somebody over there on Newark Avenue once a week or biweekly when I was 20 something. Or maybe in my teens. That wasn't fun. Not at all. You tell me you can't leave the city. Not at all. I did the same Go nowhere. Go in there piss. Hey, if I'm in a bad mood, it don't matter what that what you're pissed do.


If I'm in a bad mood now, I just book you myself. True. So play with me if you want. Just, he's right. Answer your phone when I call you. Like all of that. Oh, this type of scrutiny. No sir. He's right. You can have that one man. My first time going to jail two seconds in the bullpen. Oh this, this ain't cute. Nah, This shit's the worst. That Shit's terrible ain. Nothing, nothing cute about this. Even the bailout shit. The bailout. I was in there for fucking nine hours getting processed up. Don't wanna do this again. Nope. Nope. It took one Time. Go to court every other week for, well it took one time, woke up stretched, saw where I was. I was like, what the fuck? I'm locked up. Yeah man. And you gotta make That phone call and all.


Nah, took me Three times but the last one was the worst. One time I was, one time I got locked up in a holding cell with a boy. He is, It is. When you get It is when you get the heroin. Dude, that's the worst. When you, you get, first of all, you get locked up on a Saturday. You're not coming home to Monday. And I, I I remember being at 55th pound Westfield. And, and, and I got locked up with a white boy who got picked up by heroin. Mm. And by the nighttime he, he's going through withdrawal. Oh my god. The cell messing that shit. And the cell don't get bigger. No it doesn't. You know what I mean? They start throwing up doing a whole bunch of shit. That's all he kept doing was throwing up nasty. Oh my fucking, I was like never the, the toilet seat covered in shit. He throwing up in the other quarter. All I can. I was like yeah, I'm good. I'm never committing a crime again. Oh.


The only thing worse than being locked up being in the bullpen. Well with the heroin dude is being in the bullpen with the heroin dude and the thug that don't understand heroin. Dude. Oh shit. Yo. Don't telling you don't throw up in here money. It's gonna be bad for you. Yeah. Oh Don't. No, I'm telling you. Yo. Yo. Throw up in here if you want. I'm telling you, use that toilet if you want. It's gonna be bad for you. Go Take this shit Nigga like yo dog. He's going to throw up A lot. Yeah. For the night and you just gonna have to do it. Right. Yeah I heard That one too. That don't take a shit. Don't take a shit. None of you niggas better take a shit In there. Nobody better take a shit in ear.


Oh shit. I ate McDonald's sir dog. Guess what I Got. Shit. I didn, I got arrested at McDonald's. They locked me up off the double cheeseburger, double quarter pound. You Got my stomach going. No, I'm gonna take shit. Yeah. No one, one time. Most times for me, my first time as a teenager going outside to deal some drugs. All right. All the drug dealers got the hot, fresh Jordans and clothes on. Oh yeah, We gonna get you some back. Let me pick a block and go out there and stand outside for a little bit by myself. Put a little jacket on Man. I ain't know what time shit got popping out there. I was out there just standing there looking stupid and I was alone and it wasn't my block. Oh shit.


Yeah. Damn. The other niggas came over weren't you quick? Right. Hey man, you can't do that here. I was like okay my bad. The 11 of y'all My bad. That's Knew everybody had a block already. I didn't See that in the handbook. I didn't see the map. That's my fault. Standing on my block. I ain't gonna get it done. Ain't shit over there. I'm gonna go back home. Y'all Got it? I was in Jersey City when the fucking blood first came over there. They everybody was trying to be down. I was like, I inquired, I gonna lie to you. Took a little, little pamphlet. I ain't inquired up there on fucking Monticello Ocean. Wherever I was at. Hey what's up man? What we gotta do? Alright We gonna run over here, stab this nigga.


Then we gonna run over here at three o'clock. Shoot at these buildings in Montgomery. I was like you know what? Nah, nah, nah, nah, let's rap. Shit. You right. Nah, I'm cool on That man. Hey but y to everybody getting how you live? Yeah, For Sure. Hey, get it how you live man. It took, it took that and Yeah man beans. Yo. What's your life like man? I say all the time. What audio scan? Straight worked like a charm push. Right Push rod toilet saw. He was good. I had to google that shit. I ain't know what the Fuck that was. I didn ain't like the way he said it. Right. Yeah. When I found out You left. Oh shit, You let go of s waste and went and went Googled.


Ha ha. I'm sorry. Oh I was gonna cook you earlier about that. Yes You let go of little bro. You let little bro chill went To go. Did y'all See that photo floating? Yes, of course. Of course. He had a whole segment on it. Did you see ice floating in It? Big head ass nigga. You seen this nigga's dome bugs. Yo. I put, I put, I put a worse one up. I made it my old profile picture. Yeah. Last night. Oh shit. How old was I? I, because I asked my mother about it. She said my brother was nine months in that picture, which made me four. Wow. Bro. Scared. Scared his ass straight. Oh. And then that shout out to the niggas out there that went to Scared Straight. I've been to Scared straight at like three different jails.


Oh shit. Three different iterations. The the one where they couldn't touch you, the one where they could touch you and the one where they threw your sneaker across the auditorium. I've been to all them. Shit. Nope. Good. They didn't work, didn't I'm good. They didn't work. Mm. You worked on some people. I remember my class, they didn't work on me neither. But some people would come back crying and shit. Sniffling. Especially the ones where they could touch you. 'cause some of 'em guys would take it a little too far. They wouldn't just like swipe at you. They start grabbing 'em, pulling em to the bars, hitting them and shit. Do they steal a allow that? Do they steal a allow people to do that? No, No. Nigga, when I was driving truck driving, excuse me, I had to deliver to Sing Sing and to Southwood.


I, I was more scared straight for me as an adult. I was like, oh shit. One day. Oh bad. Funny story. So Sing, sing, they wear green? Mm. Our uniforms were green Uhoh. Oh. Nobody told me it was written on the paperwork. When you come to sing, sing, do not wear green. I didn't know. It's not my normal route. So I'm running up there. I do the delivery. They locked you up? Nah, nah. So the way it works is you gotta give the, you gotta give, like they usually get escorted. They walk your truck down to the dock or whatever. But when I come out, I usually jog to my truck so I can get the fuck up outta here. Like yeah, get outta there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Jo. Yes. That's what I'm saying.


No, I'm with you. Especially there. Yeah. Yeah. So imagine Jog to his car. So now imagine me wearing wearing green, green running, jogging to the truck to jump in the truck and pull off real fast. Oh shit. The guard was like, yo, my man, first off, you're not supposed to have that on second you running out here. You coulda got shot about to say. And he was pointing at the towers. I was like, yo dog, can I, I I just wanna go. You good. I went back to them. Yo, I don't give a fuck. I ain't never going to none of the prisons. Y'all good. Y'all got it. I Feel you. That's a short season of prison break. About 20 minute, 20 minute season premiere and finale.


Fuck that. I'm cool. Salute everybody behind the wall, you know? For sure. That's Yeah. No shout to y'all. It's free away. Free away. Real Big. Male's supposed to be getting that JPay from these niggas. They lucky. They lucky You was a girl. You, you have them. She shit better than only fans. Right. If I was a girl, shit, if I wasn't famous, hey, what's my man out there today accusing of gay baen? Oh shit. What's my man name? Super cool dude. So I ain't gonna talk bad about him. That's my man. Super polite, real good dude. The light, the light skinned dude with the curly head, they keep coming out with the songs.


That's for gay people. And he just put a picture out with his fucking, with his drawings down with his shirt up. Talking About you talking about N-L-E-N-L-E Chopper. NLE Chopper. They say my man, It is gay man. And he Is and he is. But when he Been doing it though, No he hasn't Stop it. He switched at some point and took it that way. When he caught that record. I'm saying that record Oh yeah. Was The switch was two years ago. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm saying he's been, he's he's had a career for longer than Longer. Oh no, no, that's all. And again, I've met him at some whatever Summer jam I went to. Super cool. He's Shit dude, he's cool.


Mad Polite. Please don't think that I'm talking down on Emily Chopper. I am not. I Wouldn't, like, I Wouldn't, I am not. I would not do that. I fuck with him. Me too. But he's definitely gay Baden and and he was doing that for two years with when that record, when that record popped, he Gay badding or gay trolling. It's two different No, no, that's the same thing. No, No, no. Gay trolling is pretending to be gay in order to get the attention. No, he Troll to get the attention in that He's not saying It is gay. He's, he's not pretending To be gay. He never said he was gay. He's just making content that the gays boy enjoy the gay. Oh, so Gay baiting. Yeah, Brent making with gay trolling. I remember that He hit that lick at all the gay shows with that record. Like, And this was around the time. When Was that all the festivals with that gay record? I think it was, they tried to book Booie if I'm not mistaken. And he, it was a big thing because he turned it down.


I'm not doing no gay shows. And then right after that dude was like, I am signed me up A gay record. It's not a no, it's not a gay record. And that's not nice to say. It's a gay record. Yeah, it's not. Yeah, it's not that Nelly. It's just a record. They may enjoy that gay people like Then he just leaned in a little bit and A little bit lean in a little bit. He leaned in a lot of bit, he leaned in a lot. He leaned all the way. What do you want him to do? If he's making more money, more money than he ever made, making this type of music and taking these types of pictures than he did before when he was doing whatever Nigga Niggas hood ba And get away with it. Nigga's ghetto ba and get away With it. Facts. That's, that's real big freeze.


And we don't say nothing about it. So the alternative, he could be out here knocking people upside their head robbing 'em and shit. So he found a lane to get his money. Let him get his money. He ain't hurting nobody. Let him get his Bread. You lucky I'm retired boy. You be on. You be on his ass. I, yeah. Pause, pause. I'd be on his ass. Hey, them game Baiters gotta as some competition too. Now He got a whole lane too. Just by himself. Chilling. That's smooth. Yeah, man. Ever since Kid Cudi got engaged. He was, it was good. It was good right there. Who was right there? Kid Cudi tried to sneak that in there.


My fiance say, Hey nigga, when you got proposed to fiance? Wow. Wow. You ain't shit supposed to. How he, why he ain't do the proposal? He said when you got proposed to, you ain't shiting, you ain't shit at all. Subconsciously not didn didn't can. So that was a mistake. But nigga, I told y'all how that whole story ran. Oh yeah. He got even know he gotta stop with that story. They tried to, they were looting. What they say? Yo, I was being stalked nigga.


You ain't had a slap in about 23 years talking about I'm being stalked. No you wasn't. I was being, I'm being stalked. It is the new, I was hacked. Right. Oh nigga, you know, you know money. You know Duke. All right. Yep. Now it's time. That was we got was time. The time. Listen. Oh shit bro. Fuck it. He tried to get this shit off too. He tried To get it off. It worked For a little bit. Yeah. Yeah it worked. Oh shit. He, That nigga aggressive on the, on, on the text when niggas run out.


Alright bro. Ooh shit, I got a headache. I'm taking a break. And now it's time for my favorite Part of the Show Prize. Oh yeah. Shout out to them. All right. Oh. Sound like somebody sound like somebody did. All right. Got Gotti. Gotti. We got him. Alright.


The big game is almost here and it's now or never. So don't miss out on the very last football game of the season. With PrizePicks the best place to win Real cash while watching the big game. PrizePicks is also giving away a free pick for the big game. Patrick Mahomes only needs to throw one yard to win. If you're correct on at least one more stat projection, you win real cash. Also check out the promo tab to tally any of our super sweet Millie winners. Big game lineups. If you tally a lineup that goes three for three, you can win a split of $1 million in promo funds. All Star Weekend is almost here and PrizePicks is the best place to win real cash money while watching your favorite players during the game and the Saturday night events like the three point contest, the dunk contest, yada yada yada. You've seen it, you know what time It is. It is the best place to do so. So this weekend, big game. Let me see. Gimme Sayon. I'm riding it. Pause. I mean, not this weekend, next week I'm still, I'm still kicking it off. Alright. My picks ain't about to change. Yeah. I forgot the little week off. Gimme saquon for everything. Everything. Whatever he want. Whatever the category is more. Whatever he wants. I'm going more in Saquon. A hundred rush yards. Gimme AJ Brown for more than 70 receiving yards. Just pick a, a chief's receiver. Who are they receivers. I'm meant to come in here a couple weeks ago and talk about how slow Travis Kelsey looked. Still get it off though. Is he? He ain't, ain't Doing nothing. He does a little slow fucking, It is a little juke move. Oh yeah. On the route. Yeah. Yeah. But just in terms of being mobile. Oh Yeah, he, he Looks, he's never the fastest. He's deteriorated pretty quick. Mm. Like fast. Gimme Kelsey for more than five yards, Kelsey Should get more than five receiving yards. Gimme Pat Mahomes for more than 210 pass yards. He the Free, he he a free pick. Remember Pat? Oh Yeah. He's the free pick. Yeah. Point five. So now gimme oh gimme Xavier worthy. Gimme Xavier worthy for more than 50. More than 50 receiving yards. Download the app today and use promo code JBP to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat if you download PrizePicks right this second and use promo code J JB p, you'll get $50 instantly after your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game. Huh? That's right. God Damnit. Shout to prospect. Shout out to prospects, gang, gang, gang. Hold it down Gang. Hold it down, gang gang, gang.


I got a jewelry question for y'all. At some point we'll talk about Tabitha Brown and all the rest of the topics that y'all have on the board And and the big woman that was, that's suing Lift right now. 'cause of her size. She be careful. She should. I didn't say nothing bro. Did you see the picture of her? Go ahead Joe. Jury question. I'm not playing, I ain't play with you. Flip I get me lined up. Shout out to her. Would would y'all judge me if I went and got a piece made that was like a bracelet with different lengths draped down into two rings as like a handpiece. Oh My God. Yes. Absolutely. Yes. 1000%. Yes. Yes. You take it, it's print shit a little too far to the, I would clown you every time I saw you.


Every single time. Every time. Why? What's the dude from 300? That is fucking sassy. But why, why would y'all shit rain sassy is the right word. It Is fucking sassy. So y'all will clown because Sassy. Yes. I'm gonna clown you. That's the only reason. Yeah Man. That's good enough. Okay, so don't gag. So you, you gotta put, alright, that's not enough. Not at all, nigga. Trying to Me a trend set analogy. You trying to be, you tried to game eight too. Listen, I come from the days where rappers had pieces that were iconic to them and them all. Yeah but get a piece though. You can do something a little different. That is a piece.


No, no, don't don't, don't go get no bracelet connected to no rings. Nigga don't do that. I don you get the little hip, you gonna stop talking like this. Hey. Nah nah nigga get the belly button ring be out doing Ayo and shit. Exactly. Waist outta here. Oh shit. Belly button ring. What'd You say? Waist beads. I swap, I swap out. Cutting your ass. Yeah, she, she on your ass. I ain't shot at Mel all pod. There's Still time there. There's a lot of time. Yeah. I don't think I have nothing to shoot at Mel be, I Mean waist beads are not shooting. You know, it, it helps you keep your, get out your waistline intact. You know I don't think that's true. That's that's not what they do. It's not what they do. Yeah. Yes It is. I could do What you did. It keeps your weight. What There goes, you said what I could do.


I can do what you did. It's apic. You can, You know It is What the fuck did you guys make up Sauce everywhere? Oh my god. They gotta take that shit watch. Yeah they might fucked up. Wow. 700% Idea pic. He got the, he got those zippy cheekbones. That's ain. That's our man Joe. Yo see and that's why I don't do loyalty thing Because people get sensitive that That right there is another reason I don't do lawyer.


People Get sensitive When you talk about if my man come in here with ozempic cheekbones, I want to be able to say, Hey, hey my brother, if that's my man's On your, that's, that's Who Should make the joke On. You got ozempic cheekbones. That is who should Make the joke? Your man's on your big, on your big platform. He on his platform with those zippy cheeks. I hear you. But Joe know that people get sensitive people That's cool with Joe gets zippy. But why if you don't, if you not know I don't. But Mook did respond that he loved Joe. Tell Joe I. Love him and stuff like that after Mooc. No I fucking love him. All that little fake mad for two weeks. Shit wasn't about nothing like, you know the people that know I love him know I love him. Mo DM me about you. You gonna feel a way, you'll get over it and you'll say that's my man. And I know he loved me and I love him.


Oh he did me. Moog gotta come up here soon. Hey Mo and Lux getting that corporate. Yeah that corporate money, they are matter. They gonna show you battle rappers ought do it. Yes. They fucking who Better than them though, Trent? They getting that corporate two man Tr trendsetters. Hey, if it were two battlers to do it, I wouldn't want it to do. You know what I'm saying? Who better Shout Tom and Lux. I was supposed to get with Lux but I slept walking the night before so I had to put that on. Hey Lux, we gonna work it out man. I had a rough, I slept walking the night. I had a rough little month. Man, Don't Worry. We gonna get to it. We gonna get to it. Boy, I slept walking the night before. Some shit got little tricky. Anyway. Your ask your jewelry question.


I Did. No, that was it. That was it. Oh that was oh, fla and foul question. Well, lemme ask y all the jewelry question put hypothetically speak. Sure, sure. Is the two unmarried people here who might potentially are you, are you gonna, there's More than two unmarried people here. Yeah, but you, you always tell you always I'm not shooting. There's three unmarried people But there's more than two unmarried. Yeah, but when, what happened to your man when When you hear my question you'll understand why I said two. Oh Okay. Unmarried men. When you, you're when fine. I'm assuming Mel's, I'm talking about ring shopping. So I'm assuming Mel's not gonna be shopping for a dude's ring. That's why I was saying Well she money enough. That was my question. Like are y'all gonna consult with y'all significant others when y'all do this jewelry? I already know. I already know what she wants. I know she already told you.


You gotta know. She, we know all of that. You gotta know the shit. Okay. I know, I know everything. My girl's middle name is Shopify every day she's shopping for something. So she was sending me a picture or something. So that's what I was gonna tell you Every single day Because every woman I know who has a ring where dude didn't consult, they hate it. They pretend they liked it but they actually hate it. I think that's foul though too. Why this foul B word appreciated bitch. I think fo now. I'm sorry. Yeah. I don't give a fuck from So you're soon to be, you're, you're soon to be betrothed is bitch because she didn't like The fucking shape of The fucking ring and bitch in love. Not bitch in disrespect. 'cause I love you and I'm gonna marry you but be appreciated. You really not a sweet in the pot.


I'm tired of listen and that's my problem. And I'm not shooting at anybody in my family. I'm tired of you getting something for somebody and they all, they act like they like it and then talk about it later on. They don't like it. Would you rather them not like it in front of you but communicate initially and what's the point of a surprise? Communicate? Yo, this is what I like. The problem is in the home there is no communication in relationships. Communicate. This is what I like. This is what I don't like. I think you're projecting what I'm saying. No, no, I'm, I'm, I'm with 'em a little Bit. No, my, my wife and I bit my, my wife and I have an understanding now. 'cause now, but in the beginning it hurts when you, when you're trying to uphold the standard of being a husband at a young age and you just wanna, you watch these movies and shit and you watch certain things you wanna surprise and then you find out that your surprise isn't warranted.


Or I don't, ain't it bothers you. But now I know. Now I know, I understand 'cause it took time. But when you're trying to surprise somebody and they don't like it or they bring this shit back or want to bring it back, it bother you. It takes maturity to get over that. I feel that that's a little that But not for a ring Me, to me, I Not saying grew up with that comes off a little selfish. I'm selfish because part of the surprise is knowing the person. Like I buy, I get surprises for my girl all the time. I know her like the, the Back of my hand talk to him free and Has it a surprise I bought in there that she felt no type. Like not even on the telling me later that I ain't really like I know her. You're also a talker. You are also a communicator. You, you like, you're good with, you're great with communication.


A lot of times when you, when you're working and you're moving around, you may not have the time to communicate or you do have the time to communicate but you not, you may not put the extra effort in. Well you should. You got To when should have to though. You and I agree what you said, what you said you loved it though. You that Yes, I learned of course I had to learn after exactly getting my feelings hurt. I had to learn. When you wanna surprise somebody, you, you see something like, damn I think this will look nice on my wife or I think this will look nice on my girl. I like it. Then you get it. And maybe they feel, they may feel like everybody got that I don't want it. Or they may feel however they feel what they about it. And a lot of times women change their emotion or what they like and what they don't like. My wife would tell me, y'all, I want these sneakers, Women's emotions are attached to the trends and the trends change.


Every 10 years talk about it. Yeah. So now there's a new style of ring. That's and and wedding. He's Right. That's what I'm saying. We freaking the wedding dresses now we want homeboy in Africa that's putting the diamonds on want that traditional Shit. They may like something and then it may take you a while to get it. And because that, I already let shorty know, hey I'm a I'm I'm a you. Nah, I give it up so I'm gonna do it when it's wedding band time don't come Gimme that that shit that the silver shit Greg that that shit that all the men wear The black one. The black shit. I never fiber shit respectfully. I never seen a man with a dope wedding band. I agree. Like you gonna get your wedding band soon. But like you niggas, that shit that great great grandpop Bartholomew with wear that's made out of fucking copper made from the dirt out here and and then, and then she get laced.


Hell no. The shit is I who it was. Turn your whole finger green. Y'all niggas don't be looking lit with y'all wedding bag and great Grandpop never took the shit off. Whole finger Fucked up. It is passed down from Great, great Granddad. Look at Mark's shit. Nah lace me. Oh I Like, I like my shit simple. It sounded gold. It's not from the dirt but damn. Fuck that. But I me up, I want you laed me up. I want you, I ain't going above and beyond wedding tank. Just finished singing and then you come gimme some shit that's made out of brick. But see some people like Parks. Do you, did you want, did You want I picked my shit up. Yeah. Yeah I picked mine too. Alright, Well let me pick mine. That's All got true. Lemme pick, lemme pick Mine. But that's really it the same way she got the pick right. Not really pick but you know the ring that she wants.


I think men we should be allowed. But then when My shit better come with LED LEDs, both diamonds real and more snack. My shit gotta be a smart that fits you. That's exactly right. I want, I just wanted something simple. I said I want it to be high quality. Nah, but something simple Mark my shit better connect to my phone. Yeah. Word. I need an App on my shit. Yeah. Yeah. I need an app. Y'all want something low key to where a mistress can't really tell what It is. Nah, my shit going play. Right, right. Like y'all want something to wear. It won't really be a topic of conversation during the the cheat. Y'all expect your your woman to buy the wedding man. No. Okay. I'm about to say y'all. Yes. Let manage your expectations right now.


No, Y'all can do that together. You know it's, It is not really. Wait, That's what we did. We went out what bands together the same. Yeah, that shit Wag Parks. Why even if even if you could do it, It is Wagg, what would you ask for? I want the Shit that I want. If she wants the shit that she wants. So here, here's the thing. Well she better save up than take, take your little Instagram subscription money. That's financial abuse. That's Financial mockery. No, that's where my bitch be stashing the money at. That's right girl. Hey go in there. Pull, pull it up bitch. That's financial mockery nigga. You right. They that's No, they be stashing. They stash. Yeah they do. They stashing in all these little sites. When you watch all the movies of back in the days when niggas proposing, pardon me?


Yeah, they didn't go shopping. It was a surprise. You know what I'm talking about back's because It is a movie. That's why I'm trying to tell you don't do that shit from the movies. It will fuck your shit up. I'm trying tell you. Okay, lemme ask you a question. But you, you did say that some of the women that you know didn't like the weather ring initially. But when you think about that, never like it when you think about marriage, you think about going out, being a man, going out there and buying a ring for your wife so you can propose to her an engagement ring. So she should have no input in that. You It is, It is supposed to be. No, it's it's supposed to be a surprise. That's ridiculous. But please, I fry you up, man. Flip, flip. And I love you. Wake up. Flip hold up, flip. I fly you up too Mark. Nigga, then, then take it for mail. I love you too. Hey Mark and flip. You could still surprise her, but, but, but just knowing what she likes bro.


Ask her best friend or her sister that or something fucking at the right. Shit. We don't like them bitches neither. It doesn't matter. We, we don't get along with They fail. They fail. We don't want them. How get them to like you, we don't want them at our house. You how gonna get them to like you, you get them to like you, you guys, you got it. The listeners are licensed. Come on. Just slow down flip. But this is how you make a relationship with a sister or a friend that you don't like is say, Hey, I'm thinking about doing this thing. I need some help. He Don't wanna make that good. He don't like my shit. No, my shit good already. Now I know we gotta move on. I just want you think about one thing. Imagine your wife buying you something that you have to wear for the rest of your life. That you have no input. Imagine if you had to wear a hat every single day or a pair of sneakers every single day that she picked that you had no input on it for the next 60 years.


Got you. You gotta wear, even if you think it's ugly. I understand everything you say. You know how many, if that happened, how many pizzas would you have to buy? You want my side Joe? You just wanna play around to the old shit. No, You gonna have to keep them niggas off you if you get arrested with that type of Ring on. Listen, I, everything is good with me. I'm just saying I know that there's man out there that feel this way. That's it. Me, I'm, we trying to help. I'm trying to, I'm trying to help y'all. Me like nigga I'm already in, in knee deep, nigga. Like my old body is deep. Yeah. Enough of that. Fuck what they talking about. Yeah. Talk to a friend. Get the shit right. Right. Do some reconnaissance. It'll make your whole Life better. What's what's what's important to y'all up here? We just been running our mouth for Like nine minutes.


So I wanted to ask y'all about this Martin Luther King thing and It is not heavy to me. It's not even a heavy topic, but Donald Trump announced that he is going to be declassifying the files, the assassination files of Martin Luther King, John F. Kennedy and Robert Kennedy. But the interesting thing about Martin Luther King is when they release these files, I know for a fact that a bunch of wild shit is going to come out. Yeah. That's what's expected. That's what everybody's expecting. Even the s like please let us see it before you put it out. Or the families request they've requested, requested You. Right. Please let us at least brace ourselves because the FBI files and all the shit on Martin Luther King Jr. Are going to be Why? I'm not saying they're true just out there. Shout out to King family. But they're, they're going to say that he everything from prostitution to sex parties.


Yeah. Serial cheating all this shit. And I think the next step is, 'cause I'm already hearing It, is the republicans, Republicans are gonna say we need to cancel Martin Luther King Day. They've already been saying it. Right. And now they going it's gonna be like, that's the excuse We'll know when the mar if you found out allegedly that Martin Luther King Jr. Got, was involved in some wild freaky shit that seems like every other nigga, you know, would it change how you see him? Nope. No. Not at all. He got hit in the rock head with a rock nigga singing. We shall overcome it. Don't get any better. He say he deserves some pussy. Yeah. He deserves whatever he wants. He he fought for for don't laugh man. He fought for us. The male guy hit Yes. He Yo Joe, get him.


Okay. Really? Really? I'm laughing at the really fucking rock, rock. I'm laughing at the rock Rock. The first joke. Hey, I didn't say that to you, Mel. My girl Got clopped. Well, I I don't get the joke. How am this? I don't get get the mail joke. I was laughing at the king part. What's The okay, Don't, no, don't Do I want No, Don't touch me. Stop. You never let this let's you always let him slide Mel. Fuck. No, fuck him. He He reminded me. I forgot about the story. Yeah, I know. Fuck him. And you're close to getting that too. Okay, let's, let's continue. I'm Wondering what the story is. No, don't worry about it. No, you don't Wanna Know. Okay, fair enough. Yeah. So y'all say it don't change you I'll, Yo this nigga's Terrible evil.


Just pure evil. Anyways. No, it would not change my view of Martin Luther King Jr. Martin. He's done too much greatness. I been thought that about him. Like how else you supposed to do all that civil rights shit. They had a whole play on that shit. Remember the mountaintop? Yeah. Oh, with Sammy Jackson. Yeah, I went and saw that. Yeah. Oh, for real? Yeah. Yeah. Mountaintop was great on Broadway. Yeah, it was great. Yeah, it was really good. Do you think that the FBI could make up stories in these documents? Absolutely I do. What's the, what's the probable cause that the story is they're lying in the documents? I think two things are true at once. I think yes, the FBI lies all the time. That's Cointel Pro was all the government counterintelligence program was all about lying and misrepresenting and leading misleading black leaders. And I know people that knew Martin Luther King Jr. Was there for some of this stuff.


Oh. So I think, you know, I'm, I don't know if all of It is true, but I don't think it's a farfetch to say that he wasn't the person that a lot of people might have expected him to be given his stature. This is a good time to have a talk that's been on the back burner for a while. Like, when is it all right to commit adultery? You right. If I just went out and walked 900 miles in the blistering heat singing a song by the nigga throwing rocks. Why they hitting me with shit when I, when I clock out and wipe you back home?


Hey, when this gig is over, I need to let off some steam. I can't just, no shit. Why not? No, why Not though? Come on, mark. Mark. Everybody know they're righteous man. Mark, come on. I mean Michael makes is probably the closest one that was righteous towards the end of his. Yeah. Hold on. All, I'm all careful nigga. All I say is I understand It is never okay. But I understand. I understand. Like Dr. King used, you Would've fell victim too. No. What decade was that? The sixties? It Was sixties. Yeah. I would not have, but It Is before the internet in the sixties segregation you on your, you in your bag. You thought you was in your bag on CNN You in your, hey stop at that free and the freedom. You in your bag and some little white girl come up to you at the bar.


I support your movement. I really support you. The message that you're getting Out there. I'd be like, Malcolm, he's like nothing. What can I do to help you? Nothing. You think Malcolm X never fucked a white girl And he did When he red Before? Yeah, when he joined. When he was red? Yeah. Yeah. Once they became Yakus grafted devil. No, Mark x, Mark x Mark X ain't is turning down Becky. That's not true. That's facts. That's not true. Look, I don't, I don Not, not I ain't do it now when it's it's permissible. I don't do it. Hey Mark, mark, mark. You The sixties. That shit was a premium yo. Exactly. Said that shit was 93. Nigga, what if it ain't Becky? Shit was a 93 Shells. What if it ain't Becky? You mean like what if it's like Rashida?


Yes. At the bar. Same situation. If it at bar Rashida's racist. That was very racist. But Becky, was it a little racist too? You can be really racist towards the whites. Okay. Okay. Sure Thing That Okay, fair enough. No, I I I wouldn't, I'll say this. Dr. King used to drink a fifth of whiskey every night as well. And people as a preacher, he wasn't supposed to do that. He did a lot of shit that people don't think he did. I probably would've succumbeded to some of that stuff, but I don't think if you say like, I'm not adultery wouldn't be my thing, but I'm not judging him. I'm just saying like that wouldn't have been my personal thing. It gets a little harder to to turn shit down when you're off to fit the whiskey there. Here's not a good ass point. She's got that civil rights ass.


But here's my problem though with this. Like Dr. King was playing for black people. Civil rights as It is different. Like people were getting bit by dogs sprayed with motherfucking ho. People were getting violated. And that makes you want pussy. Yes nigga. You gotta, yo yo I'm trying to get the connection. Y'all shooting when you ejaculate. When you ejaculate nigga all the pressure comes out. Nigga, he got hit in the head with a rock. He was saying this singing we shall overcome. Nigga holding hands, nigga having to march and get insulted and and bitten. And he had to release it somehow. And look, look, look, he got a big speech tomorrow. Yeah. You know, I, I gotta clear my mind and I had a dream. Here's some wild shit though. Here's some wild shit. Right.


Yo, they gonna fuck up. He could, he could fuck his wife. She not there. Why not bring Coretta? This is that thing that podcasters do where they just get on the mic and like say the right thing. Exactly. That's what he doing. I'm not saying the right thing. He's Been out all day, 9,000 miles and running. His wife ain't The happiest with him. She bitch bickering, bitching. Ah, you out there? I got running around these poster and shit. He ain't have a phone so he look, look, he ain't have a phone, so he have a phone. Gotta read the letters. Get curse out. She Couldn. Ain't no Okay.


The li the listeners are Licensed. Listeners are licensed. So it's just, I'm throwing. They gonna be on our ass anyway. I'm Chilling. That's y'all playing around. Oh. Tell you anyway to The tag. Don't, don't waste all your outrage on, on the appetizer. When the main course is on the way, they're gonna take away black history month. What we get, what what we Getting out for? I saw Maya GT tweet Trump want to change the name of Uno to one Dog. How long y'all think we keeping Juneteenth? Juneteenth ain't get it out. Shit over buddy. They gonna move that shit to April 1st.


This shit ain't fun. This shit is not funny. But I'll admit that. I laugh at some of it. You gotta Laugh. It was hilarious. My homeboy laugh at one homeboy they had on the news that was a Trump voter and Trump supporter where they came and took his wife. So he started pleading to the, to Trump and video. Please don't take her from Me. That's not funny. It's hilarious. It's fucking hilarious. Yeah. But it's funny. Yo. Yeah, It is funny. Can you imagine that? Yeah. You just eating dinner, you've been with your wife for 70 years and you just hear a helicopter Come Out.


Hey, We know she's in There. Don't, don't make us come in there. Send, Drop the Brussels sprouts. Drop the S Right. That's, oh my God. I just had in It was good too. Drop The fucking And get your, and get your ass out here. Oh my God. Stop Jennifer. He's funny though. Hey, y'all that voted for dude, There's A bunch Of welcome. There's a bunch of people on fucking TikTok at Instagram making reels about like I just, I I thought that he was gonna fix the price of eggs.


I didn't think that he was actually gonna deport my abuela. It's like, yeah bitch. That's what the fuck he Said Eggs went up again. My dad, my dad is pissed. He tell you that. My dad said for 17 years nobody in this house ate eggs but me. Not everybody wear Eggs now. Not everybody weigh eggs. Whole House. Yo. Yo. You got some eggs. It's A luxury at him now. Seven pops. Man. Shit is $18. I know. Bobs is he. Oh my god. Now y'all want eggs. Oh my. My dad house is so much Fun. That's funny. They got a new dog.


They got a new dog. Sounds cool. Right. They had a vote. My dad and my brothers didn't, never wanted the dog. My dad's wife and my little sister wanted a dog. My dad said, now they had the dog that died. Right. Rest in peace. It is a new dog. Yeah. Rest in peace. Yankee. Here comes blue. So they got a new dog. My dad says, Hey, if y'all bring that dog in here, y'all gotta take care of the dog. Oh yeah, that'll work. They say yes, it never works. They say yes, it's on him. This dog been shitting and peeing All Over that fucking house.


So when I come in, my dad make a joke and say, Hey, take this little dog with you. So I start joking back with dog jokes. Man, that turned into a whole different fight in that household. You gotta be careful how you joke in other couples houses, like you'll say a joke about one thing and It's a trick and it open a door for the Spot. Shit turn. That shit turned into well the dog is the only one keeping me happy and Satisfied. Oh, and the dog is the only thing keeping me coup in Here. And I Should Be happier 'cause I'm gonna leave outside. You know what? No, I'm gonna leave. Yeah, I'm not, I'm, I'm gonna get out of here. What was you talking about? Nothing, right? No, nothing. Don't flip. How you feeling? Yom? Okay. I'm Feeling good. Oh, fuck, Bro. You Feeling good?


Yeah. You sure? I thought you would be sick, bro. Why? I watched Raw. Okay. How was it? I seen Kai up there. Shout to my boy. Duck. Netflix. Shout to Kanye Worldwide. Millions and millions of people. I was like, my guy flipped man. Hey, yo. Look, why, why? Listen. That don't bother me, man. I support the young brother. It's a young man's game. Oh, you got the, you got the voices. Yeah. Right? Yeah. I support the young brother. No, no, no, no. The the, the thing is that, I mean, it's funny. What's, what's the thing? It's funny jokes, but at the end of the day, when I walk, when I walk in a, when I walk in a room, I'm still queen flip. That's true. That's bad. I need you guys to keep that in mind.


That's true. That's true. You can't ask. No, you are queen. Flip, flip. When you walk Queen, queen flip. Queen flip. You said queen. She said queen flip. Oh no. I am queen. Flipping queen Clip. I, I'm, I'm acknowledged by the greats. I'm acknowledged by the current greats and I'm still able to keep myself relevant. Man. Shout to Kyle, man. We working on things, man. That's it. Qualify. Huh? You said what? Qualify. Qualify. No, no. I mean, you shout out the nigga that you know used to, I mean we do. We all do. No, I think, I think it's great. I think it's great. It's amazing. I heard about it. I was in jail at the time when Raw was on. Wow. Yeah. That's quite the contrast.


Yeah. But I heard about it and I think it was great. I know. So I was just slick talk. Yo. No, I was just saying that must be, you know, you in a jail cell feeding guys pizza and he's, he's well worldwide Because, you know, he fed it to him. Right. Folded everything. He Folded it nice. A couple of guys, a couple pick The cheese up. That was DA couple of guys, little, a couple of guys on you. You jerks. A couple of guys went to Instagram, said yo, shout out to Queen Flip for the pizza. They got Instagram in there. No, I mean, when they came home, that's, and that's s right. Yeah. Stop. Couple of guys came out home and said, yo flip.


I appreciate the pizza. Couple of Guys. They about the no good. They was 15 of them niggas in there. Oh yeah. You had JR bring five boxes, please. Yeah. Shout. Shout 76. Oh yeah. You had to get That quick. And so, alright. That's how they let him use the phone. Brat Sticks too. That's, They love him. Use the phone. Oh yeah. You know. Oh yeah. No, he got breadstick. We supposed to be, Are we supposed to be participating in a, a Target strike Mark? I don't Shop at Target. Tell me about the mom. So I ain't gonna say whether we should or We shouldn, but this is what I say. The story is. People are calling for a target strike because Target has pulled out of all of its DEI shit after Trump. And everybody else has said, DEI is dead and it's wrong.


A lot of the companies that were making all this money on DEI selling themselves as DEI companies, we, we recruiting black people, we getting black vendors, black businesses, all this shit. They've all stopped supporting it. Yeah. Like the jig is up. Yeah. And very publicly. Yeah. And quiet is kept. Some of 'em never actually turned into money. They just took the publicity and never actually followed through. Surprise, surprise, surprise. Well now people are saying, well, since Target made the announcement, we're gonna boycott Target. Enter Tabitha Brown. Tabitha Brown was like, she made, went to Instagram. 'cause she had, and if you don't know Tabitha Brown, she's an actress. She's a, she does voice stuff. She does motivational speaker, author, author books. She does all the things. And also product line. She has a million hair, hair products, spices, Actress.


He said that already. Oh, I'm sorry. We're talking about her product line in Target Specifically. Like all the ads. All the ads. Dead ass. Like Them ads that these other chicks is dying to get outta here. Shout out to Tabitha Brown. She's, she's amazing. Shout out, Shout out until she hits Hits Target. Right. I mean, until she hits Instagram. And then she's like, look y'all, I know you're trying to do an Instagram. I mean a, a Boycott of A boycott of, of a target. But maybe y'all could boycott everybody but me. Did she say that though? Mark? Not, like, didn't say it like that. She, She, she said she spoke specifically about black brands that are in there exclusively. So I don't know what her deal is with Target, where she only sells exclusively through them and can't sell, you know, through her own channels.


Right. Which it seems like, but All, all I'm gonna say is if everybody's boycotting some shit, It came off as very, very tone deaf. You just gotta Take the L and just, and just because most ain't gonna listen anyway. You gotta take the L But you can't go and be like, yeah, I, I'm down with the boycott but just still come in and buy my paprika. My paprika. You know what I'm saying? Like, you just gotta take that law. So here's, here's the thing. When President Trump, you know, abolished, DEI basically, so Target says yes, we're we're not subscribing to DEI anymore. They just renamed it. I was about to say that. That's all they did. They renamed it to belonging at the Bullseye. Now it's still their DEI practices.


It's just not called DEI because that those three letters are like taboo to the government at this point. Yeah. Right. And that's why I said I'm not telling people to boycott or not boycott. I, I don't have an opinion on boycotting target because I just, I don't know enough to your point about whether they've actually changed or whether they just changed names. I'm just saying if they put a whole, they have a whole press release on on their corporate. I was about to Ask they, They, they be lying too. But like I would, I would've rather her just said, look, it's not really DEI going away, stick with me y'all. But don't say you can boycott, but you know, still boycott the black, you know, still don't boycott these people. It just look tone deaf. It look like pe like you don't care the people that boycott. That's all I'm saying. And that's about, that's about reading the room to me.


Just, just in general. And I think sometimes celebrities who are rich and famous act like they're not. 'cause she's like, you know, these black businesses are gonna get hurt. It's like you're not, you're not a small black business. Like with haircare products, trying to get in the local target. You're in every target in America. Like Got it. You got it. Like, like be honest about what this is and if you want us to not boycott 'cause of what you just said, I, I could ride with that. But don't tell me it's because like, you'll get hurt. Like Yeah. You might get hurt. Everybody is hurt in a boycott. That's the point of a boycott. You know what I mean? We all, we all make a little sacrifice and then, and then we win in the big picture. That's all. That's all I wanted to say about it. I'm not boycotting Target. I, I haven't boycotted Target. That's what I'm saying. I, I'm not, I'm sitting here trying to think of when we done got together and boycotted anything.


Nigga's Always sending up Boycott. Michelle Boycott nine. Huh? We boycott people said Michelle. Yeah, we boycott people Boycott the shit Mean. I mean, I mean, yeah. No, I mean businesses though. We don't, we don't boycott Businesses. We don't listen. Target gonna mark down them TVs the 300 and y'all gonna be right back in. When Gucci did that shit, niggas all gonna boycott Gucci h and m from the coolest monkey in the jungle shirt. Yeah. Now sometimes when I walk in Balenciaga and it's slow, you boycott. I say to 'em, I say, Oh yeah, yo, y'all Still feeling it? Still feeling the effects. They be like, yo, Shut up. Don't say that in here. Is that before or after you pay for your purchases? They'd be like, would you like some champagne?


Exactly. No, it's normally before. Oh, got it, Got it, got it. Oh no, I'm a customer. They got me already. That's what I'm saying. Like I, my sales lady done shout up in the ranks. She's like top two. I not saying no more because they be hating on that. I mean, not BGA beef going 'cause of you. Yeah. Lemme say no. So I could get off of that. But there's salesperson beef out there. Oh for Sure. I can imagine this Salesperson beef out there. So you steal somebody's Oh yeah. Customer list. Nah. And that person is the spender like Yeah. And they fighting for commission. Commission because people are getting laid off. I See that shit happening in the barbershop still. Somebody customer Yeah, me too.


Bars the restaurants too. Oh yeah. Throw Hands. That's why I stopped doing drugs. Hey, who? Who? Well you, you may not say but who has the best hospitality in those stores? I tell you. Greeting, You can't ask me 'cause I got people in all the stores. You'd have to have like a real Keith Lee experience. Like where they don't know you and you're just going in there to test the service. Like When we went, like when we went in Bottega. Oh yeah. How they treated them versus how they treated me. Oh. How they treat y'all like security team. Who went in Bottega? Me ish. Joe and Corey. Oh. Oh, I thought you meant y'all. Oh got you. Gotcha. How And you got a bad treatment. What bad? Jody was like, yo, we couldn't even walk separate and look at shit. No, y'all gotta stay together. Together.


She said y'all gotta stay together. Am am I lying, Cory, y'all have to stay together and you're always in Bottega. We was like so offended. We was like, yo dogs, we'll we, we out like this nigga said, did you fuck, I wanna buy this. See that's what we gotta fire. They left. I was like, now You know what I mean, not taking this shit. Fuck this shit. I was like, yeah, y'all come on. And I was like, yeah, my friends just looking a little broke. They could fucking smelled it broke. And those sneakers, Hey, the Iversons didn't get it done in here. So Ooh, sorry I'm talking shit right now. And that's bad. That was one experience. You can't put that on on no To a person. That's all you. If that's all I know experience for, let's say I was gonna get something from Bottega, it would never be that store.


Got it. I would drive however far I have to drive to keep from going there. Got it. Or I would, if I would happen to be in there and I had to purchase something outta there, I would make sure that you don't get it. Like, I'm not buying through you. Like fuck no. What? Go ahead. Every time I play something y'all stop talking. Nah, because usually that's not how I can produce the show. Your music got A message every time, dog. You be doing some fun shit sometimes. So it like, let me hear where you going? What you about to do? Thought about play. Set it off record or something. This News. News.


This is my shit. You Can reach me. You can reach me on a airplane. You can reach me. Hey, see Mark. You look me. You can me. That's how I know they would've got you in the sixties. I seen no shit like that. And he smart talking that shit. Mark would've had groupies. They have spun. Martin died. They done Flipped the shit outta Mark. I Would've, mark had little break babies all over the place. Do you want me to let this slide what I'm giving you? 'cause I fuck with you. We, we you dropped me home. Yes. Do you want me to let this slide? I the mark would've had groupies line. You would've, do you want me to let it slide and not, what's wrong with saying that?


N just stay outta this king. Be very careful. I'm the only person involved in this. All right. Okay. It is easy to See on your right. She backed him down. She did. Mel. Want to back nigga down back, back him down Matter. I don't wanna listen. Mel and I are in a great space. Aw. Coworkers friendship. I don't wanna do anything that's going to change that. Even though it's temping at the shit is right on the line. It is. Look, it's right on the edge. Like Batman. Alright, come on. Let's iso out for Mark. Man, mark.


Shit on Mark. We waited long enough. Let Mark get his his bag. Nah, I ain't, I I ain't even And lemme hit the round of applause for sure. For all the Philadelphia Eagle fans out there. There. It's Important. Thank you. Shout out, out to my city. The game is decided. The game is decided. Despite what all y'all haters say. I walked in this room in September. You remember that when I came here, we met up and I told you the Eagles gonna win the Super Bowl. And you, you I don't but I'll take your word for it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Me. You was me. It was like, it was, it was when we first, it was like in August, September, whatever. And you was like, man, you just owe some Philly shit, man. Y'all you did say that. Yeah. And I said, I gar Thank you. And I said, no, his Credit is fine with me. Yeah. Like, he don't, you Don't need to co-sign. Not at all. Not with me.


Like 800. Oh shit. He don't need to. Okay. You know? So I just, I just, I just, it was here. I I I just want this to be on the record. I don't just be talking shit. When I say something gonna happen, it's gonna happen. And we did it. And I'm proud of my city. I'm proud of my team and I'm proud also, if, I don't know if y'all saw the videos, we didn't break nothing. You know, usually when we go to Super Bowl, we break some shit. We tear, we set something on fire. We, yeah. Y'all were good. So we harm some animals. They weren't, the video I saw for Philly, all we did was climb pole. Yeah. I just saw that there Was a vehicle that drove into a crowd. Yeah. But nobody got, did somebody get hurt? Yeah. If you're, if you drive a vehicle into a crowd. No, no, no. I thought, I mean like minor. I'm just Not free up. 'cause I don't know that that gentleman was from Philly, But not even I don that. Even if that's the only thing I could look at. That Philly, that's pretty tame.


Philly, Philadelphia up, you know, normally we grease the poles at the outside so people can't climb, climb 'em and all that kind of shit. So. Okay, got it. Just salute to the city, man. That's all. That's it. I ain't gonna talk crazy. I saw dude, because the job ain't done like Kobe said, job finished. Nope. I talked to y'all in two weeks. That's it. I saw dude that flew a drone that was kind of ill flew a drone over the crowd down there where y'all was wilding out. It, it just, yeah, look, it actually looked like niggas just having fun just celebrating. It wasn't, no, I ain't see no cars on fire. I ain't see y'all Right. Y'all ain't filling it up. You know why? 'cause we've been there before. Now this is, you know, It is third Super Bowl in like what, 10 years? Something like that. You know, we've been there a bunch of times. Philly's done. Y'all gonna act up if you win. Yes. I can't make any promises.


Somebody's gonna die. Unfortunately. The last time a dude actually ate horse manure, oh, excuse me, a Philadelphia fan. Literally to celebrate. He was so excited for seeing the first Super Bowl. I've never been excited. We don't have to guess the race of this person, but he ate. Oh yeah. No, we know he ate, he, he ate horse manure. But what did that do? Like what was the point of gave him strength? I don't ever wanna be excited. Right. I'm cool. I don know why he did it, but that was part of his thing. Like, that's how excited I'm to win that we, that, you know, I'm at eight, shit. So it's some fans, it's some fans that just look, but like, like my man Al Patrol, shout to him, he's a, a huge Nick fan. Right. He's been saying for years, dog, I have money stashed up, but when the, when and if the Knicks win the chip, I'm going to jail.


And he, but he's, it's, it's not, he's like, dog, I'm dead serious. I'm going to jail. Like I, I'm gonna try to climb up on the, the sign outside of Madison Square Garden to just take a piss. Damn. So, Okay, so the money he has saved is for bail. Yeah. For bail. Okay. Yeah. Well, he gonna be fine. He's gonna have a clean record for the rest of his life. He'll be fine. Shit on my bag. Shit. That's shitty. That's shitty shit right now. It's Philly shit right now. No, no, I'm just saying you, you a Philly fan. You're a Sixers fan. I'm a Sixers fan. I am not a Eagles fan. You you, yeah, I know. You still, you still rooting for the, the, the Pittsburgh, what are they called? The Steelers? Yeah. Yeah. You still rooting for them? For sure. But we gonna be fine. I don I don't wanna keep talking about this. I just steal it. Steal ain. Hopes away fucking team. First round exit every year. Every year. Every year. Man. But look, I'm, I said I'm proud of, proud of my team and I'm glad Philly has taking the reins away from New York and all these other teams in terms of being like a dominant sports city.


We are it now. I'm fully just in football. Yeah, yeah. I'm just talking about, I'm just talking about football. I mean, basketball's gonna come and baseball's we already there. I feel good about, I feel good about where I am as a city. That's all. Okay. That's, I wish it was here. Oh, he, because I have to ask him about the, their head coach hiring. Yo, that's, I have to hear some cowboy fans. Explain that. Know what else wants to gig bro. Damn. Shout out to Saquon for sure. Devonte Smith, AJ Brown. Aj Shout out to that Oline, that D line. That boy Carter. I don't know how they fucking finagled that one. That was crazy. Dude tweeted, oh man. He said they keep showing AJ Brown reading because he from Mississippi and they just can't believe a nigga could read from that.


I was like, that's so fucked up. But I like inappropriate jokes. I do too. I love him. That shit was funny. Sorry, anybody from Mississippi? It's funny joke. I just wanna see a good game. I think it Will be, I wanna see a good game. It's two good defenses. I probably am rooting for the Eagles now For sure. Definitely. I definitely am. But I'm betting on the Chiefs. Thank God. Joe, can you bet on the Chiefs too, please? I don't know that I'm betting it all. It's What y'all predictions to this Lean. Yeah. Yeah. My, I I have been terrible this playoffs, so I'm, I'm definitely gonna root for the Chiefs and bet on the Chiefs and hope it goes the way it's been going for me. I wanna see Sequan get a ring just so Giants fans could look dumber As a Giants fan. I I'll Never understand that as a Giants Fan.


Again, I don't, I don't watch enough football to know the ins and outs of it, but it just seemed like he's such a spectacular player. I didn't understand why the Giants let him go. It just, it didn't make common sense to me. Unless there's some, some It didn't make financial sense, common sense, sense, unreasonable sense. It didn't make no sense at all. 50 cents. It didn't make, it didn't make anything. Yeah. We had an egg on our face. I'm one of them giant fans. Go Sequan, classy moved by Sequan inviting Daniel Jones and a few of the other giants to watch the last week, last week's game. The Mc championship. Like Yeah. From a, from a box. Real, real classy. Classy move.


Classy guy. Couldn't be happier. Couldn't be happier for him. So again, congratulations to the Eagles. You're not gonna New Orleans, right? No, no. I got no, IIII may do something at the crib. That's about it. I ain't going to the game. If you're going to New Orleans, be careful. I'm not trying to be funny word facts. I'm not trying to be funny. No, of course. Be careful considering what Happens in the beginning of the year. Yeah. That's just be careful there period though. Always. Yeah. Be careful. Period. I think they did insert something in the streets, I think to where that's unable to happen. I ain't even just talking about that. I remember we were in New Orleans one time and the the, we had like security escort and the nigga had like some military shit and I'm like, my nigga, you, you need that.


He was like, yo dogs, it's, it's, it's real out here. Mm. And we downtown, he was like, yo, it's real out here. Don't leave our side. Stay right here. It's like, nigga, I ain't got no fucking price on my head. What the fuck is going? He was like, yo, no. This is just how real It is out here. Yeah, I'm good. I'm like Shit. So yeah. Be careful with You out. I've been plenty good times in New Orleans without assault rifles. I had a, I i amazing. It is one of the cities I'll never go back to. Oh, I will go back. Whatever. It's, It is New Orleans and Vegas. I'm, I'm good. 'cause they don't stop. I need a cities that stop Vegas I can live without. Nope. Vegas don't stop either I but you. Yeah. I'm not really. Fuck That. And New Orleans food is amazing. Yes It is. Partying is amazing, but they don't stop.


Oddly Enough I do Vegas for my staycation. Right. Like, I'm not roaming around Casino in it, out in Vegas. I go to Vegas, get the sweet, I eat and shop order in restaurant some shopping and cold today. It ain't, it ain't what it used to be for me. I'm Good. I'm I'm never going to neither one of those If I could Help it. I don't even know if the escorts still work out there. But for real, because that was a part of your Vegas Let speak for me back when it Was, back when it was. Yo, I yeah, no, I I yeah, I know people who've done that Back in the day when you could still be seen on the party bus. Good. Y'all. You good? You good, right? Yeah. What else? What else what? Oh, the chief game. The chief game. What do y'all think of that?


Congratulations to the Chiefs. Mahomes, Kelsey, both of them. I think it was written. They want threepeat, this big business involved. It was a great game. It was a Great game. I heard it was cheating. I saw on Twitter people saying that, that there was some cheating on some first downs. I don't like to call it cheating. I don't, it's just calls just happen to find a have way of Yeah. Selectively business Working in their, in their favor. Yeah. That was the first step. The same. That was the first step. We went to the and Josh Allen were the Patriots. Was it this bad though? Yes. Absolutely. Yeah. They made they fucking rules. I know, I know. I remember the talk rule. I'm just, and The the whole roughing the quarterback. Yeah. Quarterback shit was all predicated when he blew his knee out.


That Shit where the, the last play of the game. Everybody yelled, oh and there's a flag. And then they realized, oh shit, he dropped it. No Flag Kin K. Yeah. Good old kin. K tight Ends are having a rough, rough go of it. Yeah. And he didn't have the greatest year to me. I had one, I didn I had him in our fantasy league. I probably waved him like he was, it was a mess out there. But I'm not even talking about the kin K drop. That worthy drop that they said was a catch right by I think the 10 yard, five yard line somewhere around there. That, that didn't look like a catch at all. Didn't look like a catch by their rules did not look like a catch From no angle. Did that look like a catch That it did not look like he had full control? I understand the ball can touch the ground as long as it doesn't move.


But you have to have control. He didn't have control. I didn't see him having control. Had both arms around that ball. Both hands on the ball. He was a mess. He was a mess. They, I went to the bathroom looking at the replay, came back, they had scored. I'm like, okay. I see. They gave it to him when they didn't give him the, the, the first down, the first down when they didn't give him the first down when he clearly had the first down. And I ain't gonna put all of this on the bills because, because I think back there being in business. They just ain't ready to see Buffalo there. Yeah. I don't know if they like how that sounds to advertisers. Right. They Wanna see A three piece. This is a sexy matchup right here. Put everything dog. I get Pat storylines, I get Kelsey, I get the Threepeat, I get Taylor Swift, I Get Jason Kelsey, I get, I get You did it.


I Get a whole package. Yeah. Why would I? Yeah. Nah, I want, I want them in there. So then what makes the NFL if this is the case, if this is basically fucking rigged, what makes it any different than, I didn't say Rigged. Okay. I am in his business. Well, I mean, I read the article where everybody's calling for this a rule to be instated where you know that it's electronically viewed because of the whole first down situation. So what makes the NFL different than wwe? I, I, because I don I don't think the games are preci, but I think if they're really close the, the team go this way, It is gonna go the way of the team they want. And I, you See that in every sport. You know what I mean? When Kobe and Shaq were at their best or when Golden State was at their best.


If it's a close game in the last few seconds, I'm seen some calls. You wanna get some calls because there's calls that Can be subjective to some. But that first Sound was not, was not that's a good, a couple of seconds. It was like the top of the fourth. But that is the difference between WWE and, and, and football. We're talking about refs And see the thing. There Is no referee necessarily in wwe e at Least that wouldn't matter. Not to this. He's noting The match. Yes. That is the top of the fourth. But football is a game of momentum. Yeah. So a play like that stops your momentum. Turnover. Now you got your, your your your, your team is a little let down. Like fuck Aw man. You start now. So now when you come back out there, it's not with the same that you just had.


Yeah, no I understand. That's, that's really how, that's how the refs can make a very impact, big impact in the game. Yeah. Even early on. Y'all get to go in too much. Alright, let's off sides. Big play. Big play. You call a call, call a hold. You can call a hold on. Every, every play. Every single play. There's a hold. Yeah. So it's like If one of us bring it back. If any one of us was football, we'd done the same thing. It's business. Yeah. We'd done the same. It is Business at the end of the day, this is all the business. Everything you watch on television is the part of the business of entertainment. What gets us the most eyes for The Wrongest amount of time. That's the game that Once I remembered that during the first quarter of the Eagles commanders game, I was like, I'd never picked the commanders if I just remembered the business side.


But There's a story there too. That's why I'm not mad at it. I'm not mad at it. There's A story there. It ain't big enough. It ain't, it ain't big enough for me to eliminate Philly, which is a dominant sports, a huge market city. Huge market. It's a rematch. It's a rematch that helps. It's say Kwan, who's arguably having the best running back season ever that we've seen. Like there's some stories. It's lot. I don don't think Jalen Hurts is a matinee. I don dunno What It is. Don't put that game on storyline as much. I think Washington just wasn't really ready. They're Not? No. They just, they beat themselves. They they have a lot of mistakes. Yeah. Yeah. When you, when you get beat by three touchdowns forte. It's hard to say. It's a different, I I I watched the, the game. They went down there, kicked the field goal. They, they again going forward on fourth down, over and over, I'm like okay, they got, they settled for three points.


Fine. Cool. That feels good as a football team first play, first fucking play. Untack. We Already lose. I was like, oh, that, that, that hurts. Yep. You get what I'm saying? Listen, that that'll punch you. That'll knock all the one out. If the commanders showed up and didn't do all 'em turnovers, I think the league would've made a business decision is all I'm Saying. And that's where when it's close your point is taken well taken. Yeah. That's why you got belt to as this Like, I think the storyline would actually go in favor of Washington winning. 'cause now you have a new quarterback that could potentially be after Pat Mahomes to take the reins. So I I don't put that, the game on story isn't, It isn't like the underdog story kind of. I think kind of look up Jalen hurts impressions for the year.


He would've something to say about it. Yeah. I about to say people when it comes to advertisers and just how we selling this thing. Yeah. Jalen Hurt's. Name has been clicking all year round for sure. People know him. Don't anything football. Especially since he went out there with his chain on. Oh yeah. It is all up. Every time somebody post something it's Jalen hurts now. Word. Yeah. He got niggas tucking their jewelry. I want the rappers to get off of this thing that they're doing with athletes and comparing jewelry or whoever's doing this. I want the rapper athlete jewelry comp to, to Stop them. It is the fans. Yeah. You're not playing the same game. Don't, it's a lot of people real talk who don't know shit about a diamond, who don't know shit about jewelry, celebrities included. You just, you hear the price, you think, okay, I got this and you bought it.


That's really what It is. A lot of that shit, a lot of jewelry that you see that's sparkling with all these colors and shit in it. It's not diamonds. It's moist nights. Yep. Oof. That, that reflection of light is called fire. Right. So Break it down, freeze. They call it freeze for a reason. Fuck that. It is fucking ice. So Moisten night has a two times more fire than a diamond does. Facts, Which is all your colors. So when you start to see people change and It is all of that blues and greens and it, It is just dancing crazy when some light hit it nine times outta 10. That's not a diamond. Huh.


Now Moisten night is still a, a gem. It's, it's I think 9.25 on the mo scale. It is right underneath a diamond. Okay. But it's not a diamond. But it's not a diamond. And that's different than like lab grown us up. Lab grown in, in natural diamonds is the same thing. It's just one is found in nature. Right. Listen y'all comparing diamonds maybe 'cause it's fun for y'all. Compare the contracts. Yeah. That part, that that's answer a lot Of that. Like Jalen Herz is what, over 200 plus mil? 2 2 50. Two 50. Yeah. Ju Justin Jefferson is might be 300. Might be 300. I'm not looking it up. I forgot what his stick it was, but whatever. He makes that what whatever It is. You inviting depression to yourself. Yeah.


Hurts is a lot of commercials. Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah. Right. They they, they, they coin is a little different. A lot different. So why would you even want that stress Headache as a headache And you start talking clarity and all. That's y'all problem. Y'all be comparing yourselves out there to people that's minding they business that you shouldn't be comparing yourself. Two. It's not, it's not. Maybe that time is coming for you but right this second, stay in your lane. It is a very small lane. Once you get to two 50 and $300 million, that's not the lane to play y'all little games. And don't let 'em fool you with, oh, Justin Jefferson bought this modest home in Minnesota for 50 such And such.


Just pulled up in a, in a car. In a Toyota. Yeah. No, no, No. Yo. It's a trick. Don't play with them. Don't play with them. 'cause they'll wake up and decide to buck out one day. Like, just leave him alone. That's it. He Right. He cooking. Listen, TLC told you buddy, stick, Stick. Don't stick the waterfalls, rivers and lakes That you used to. TLC is a group from the nineties. I know The fuck they TBOs. Left side Left. What about your friends? They had a Crazy, sexy, cool album. What? Fire, fire red lights? Yeah, I think I heard about them. Oh, okay. Yeah. Once or Twice. How many red lights you fucked under? Oh, I thought he Thought he was going somewhere else.


Yo, I, yeah, I thought he gimme the green light. Gimme just one. You mean like street lights? Oh yeah. Sorry. Yo, this is my girl. This is my girl. Nevermind man. Fuck. Nevermind. Not, not street Lights. No. I, there are so many different ways to take that. It could have went anywhere and just, I'm shout to maturity. Oh shit. You're a freak. That's what I thought you was talking about. No, why would I ask her that? That's why I said, yo, we all like, what the fuck is this nigga? I never know what to expect of here. If I ever said that, then make a civilians arrest.


That's what I never know what to expect of here. I was like, wow. Just a red light Bulb that makes the light in the room. Red. Yeah. Champagne room. Oh my god. That's like from your late, late teens, early twenties. That's why I asked. And the fucking watered Ooh, the black light. Yeah. That's hate black. It is not hate. Oh my God. That was a good time Nigga brought you in one the rooms. Nevermind. Anyway, what else? What else is what else? Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Alright, tell us about the Puff Doc. Oh yeah. HBO max. It's actually ID discovery. Okay, but it's on Max. Yeah. So they have a, it's a four part. It's called the Fall of Diddy.


Okay. The first two episodes went up Monday night and the second two episodes are to go up two night. Okay. Last night. And so I did watch both episodes. It's, it's, I there's no fall yet. Okay. This started at childhood. It's interviewing with childhood friends and his first publicist, I mean, it, it walks through the career of Puff in a good way or a bad way. So a little bit of both. It's a little bit of both. Gotcha. Like they're, they're showing how he be like it's, it's, the whole uptown story is in there showing how he became Puff. Right.


And what they're doing is at every point they're attaching violence to him. It covers the, the celebrity basketball game Tram it and it, it has interviews with people who lost people. There were nine people that died. Yes. And it's like one of the, one of the deceased, her brother is in there speaking and he's like, yo, you know, puff knew him, knew the family, his driver that was with Him. Some of this was on the other doc too. I didn I didn't watch the other doc. You the one told me to watch the other Doc. I saw, I told you to watch it. I ain't watch it though. The doc man told you to watch. Yeah. You doc. Man, I couldn't sleep so I was just like, oh shit, this is out.


And, And to, to what you saying right now. And the other one that you didn't see. One of the gentlemen that was talking about the guy that lived with him when they were six and seven and they were young. He was, he, they showed a picture and they was like, look how Puff is dressed. And I said, he got bracelets on rings. He Dressed like A 34-year-old while he's, So he literally said the same shit in here. Got it. Got it. He's like, he was wearing stuff TAVE like tailored and stuff. And it was like, yo, we, where is he dressing like that from Like, they were questioning it while he was young. It went, it went through there. They interviewed his driver that was in the car with him. J-Lo and Wolf after Club New York After Club New York.


Yeah. And the driver sat down. He's like, It is my first time telling my story on camera. I don't like those. That's my only thing. I don't like the people that it's been how many years And now that he's in hot water, people want to come out and tell their part of the story for some shit that happened a long time. I just don't, I don't, I it gives opportunistic to me here, here's the only thing. And I, I'm never like that. I generally agree. I hate watch and I watch every single one of 'em. I'm probably, I'm definitely part of the problem on YouTube. All the all it bodyguard interviews, all the people that every day got something to say on these channels. I watch all of 'em and I always feel like it's opportunistic. But there's also the piece that people felt silenced where they wanted to say shit.


Mm. But they was worried about getting har harmed in some Well that is what the in, in his defense, that is what the driver said. He was just like, yo, he, him, the young lady that was actually shot, she's in here and she's talking and they were afraid. She was like, yo, this dude is powerful. So we not saying shit. But the, but I never heard the driver's version of what happened that night. It is, Alright, I'm gonna have to watch this. Yeah. I'm gonna watch out. Yeah. I've never heard, I never heard that story. Spoil it for me. Well, he broke it down. He was like, when he picked him up, he saw that Puff had a gun. He, he, he talked about how when they left and they jumped in the car to pull off the, he threw a puff, threw a gun out the window with Shine in the car.


Are you talking about Puff or You, you got it right? Yeah. Okay, cool. What the fuck? I'm not fucking with him. I'm not fucking with him. Which story Are we on? I get so confused. Wow. Nowadays. No, no sir. No. That's your, that big wait. In one of them, in one of them docs or where somebody was telling the story. I don't remember where I saw it, but I saw it. Oh. When all that shit was coming out about that case recently. All in the, the new footage of the police and stepping on pictures and yada yada yada.


But they put out a picture like from that night, boy was she bloody, she looked like she was in the scrap for her life, nigga. She looked like, boy if I only had a gun, good job. Fuck. Look at Park, look at Parts Park. He's right, he's right. She looked like somebody all doing big. I don't want to get Parks. Too much work. I'm sorry. Oh no, he's working. Gun is hilarious. That's funny. I'm not laughing that Shit, but that's funny. You didn't see the picture? No, Didn Didn't see I stopped watching a lot of Alright, so go ahead.


Okay, so how did it Oh no, but he was just, he basically said like, yo Puff shot him, Shot her, shot Her, excuse me, puff shot her. He offered him, he offered the driver. He was whispering it to him, yo, I'll give you $50,000 to take this gun. That was his number. He was like, yo, I got a $300,000 ring on here. You can hold this as collateral so you know I'm good for the money. The driver was like, I ain't doing that. And then he had to testify to that. But he was just like, yo, I know that. Wow. Shine basically got railroaded. He took the fall or he got railroaded one of the two. But he was, they was breaking out how they had separate lawyers. The whole, the whole case.


And he was just like Puff walked Wolf walked rest in peace and a piece of Wolf. Sean caught the 10 years. But help me understand because I, I don't understand The Sean part of it. I still don't even, When Sean came back around again, Sean definitely shot a Gun. They both shot a gun. Right From, from the way the docu the doc presented it, there was two shots. Pop, pop. Right. That's what I'm saying. It don't seem like Sean took the fall. It just seem like Diddy didn't get caught. Also They put because because even if his shot didn't hit the girl, 'cause the guy heard, he still shot, he still shot, he still shot the gun in the club shot. You can't shoot guns in the club. That is the point. You what I'm saying? So Sean, Sean didn't really to me, he just beat his Yeah. And they put it all, they let him. Yeah. And Puff and Puff gave him separate lawyers and all this shit to make it easier for Sean to be the only person.


But like Sean didn't take a, didn't take a fall, You know what I mean? Just did he, he just didn't just did him dirty potentially. Yeah. But yeah, and I mean it, it's, It is, it's in depth and then it ends with, it leaves like on a cliffhanger. Yeah. So there's a young lady that comes on the screen and she was saying, you know, she was around in the late nineties, early two thousands, et cetera. They don't even show her name yet. And then she says she got a phone call, I think it said November of 2023. And it says, we got your on camera. And she was like, excuse me. They said, we got your on camera and then that's when it goes off. You could learn. So it Doesn't say who learn if you have to, it doesn't say who, It doesn't say anything else.


So that's the clip hanger, that's parts three and four. Yeah, that's parts three and four. Wow. I'm be watching that. That's where it ends at. Like, like it, it parts one and two were literally just basically the rise of puff. Did they cover any of his relationships like with Misa or with Kim? They did. They did Misa, they, they covered a relationship with Kim and they was explaining how Kim was the one who actually, excuse me. Before that there was someone that went to Howard with Puff and she was explaining how they were up in the dorm room, looking out the window and he was screaming on some girl and took a belt out. And I remember when this became public info a few years ago, I don That stories like that, fuck with me.


You are in the room watching. And she said, we're arguing with them like we are screaming out the window for him to stop, stop, stop. And he's like, shut the fuck up. Fuck you, et cetera, et cetera. You don't call nobody. He goes inside. She says they don't know what happened with the girl comes out a few minutes later, the girl's walking behind him clearly looks like there was some type of something something. Yeah. You don't make a phone call on that situation and now you come out and tell your story and she's like, yes, he's gonna get what he deserves. And I I don't understand people like that. Yes. I just don't get it. I I understand. I don't get it. I understand your angle. I don't get it. If you're watching this from your window arguing, begging for this man to stop And you don't tell nobody else, You don't say nothing.


Yeah. But I, again, I come from a different world. So maybe that's part of It might be like a little bit of a bystander effect as well. I mean No, we can't keep asking why so many people kept quiet and then saying that we understand the fear part Of it. But no, this is, this is Howard College days. You could be afraid Of Puff and Howard. Right. When you watch somebody do some wild shit, it make you be like, he do wild shit, which makes you not want to have no wild shit done to you. And a lot of, and a lot of times when it comes to like college campuses, they really like to keep that shit in-house with their own security. And really honestly, nothing ends up fucking happening. And from the, from the first doc, they paint puff to be pretty powerful in those days.


Yeah. Just not just not on, but as far as being the IT guy on campus with some money, cars, connections, security and throwing parties. Yeah. Could be. I just want to, I just want to have a little bit of grace and mercy for that aspect of it. You Right. Like, hey, I'm afraid, I'm afraid. Right. So I won't, I I choose not to say something. Yeah. I'm not mad at anybody who's trying to put, who look out for them or if they're in fear. So you're looking out for self-preservation first. I'm not mad at it. Like, it's tough. It's easy for us to sit on our living room couches and, and watch the doc and say, Hey, but why didn't you, You Right. You are absolutely right. That was the only thing that stood out to me. But yeah, I I will be watching the other two parts.


Yeah. I'm gonna watch that for sure. Same. I'm gonna check it out. Yeah, they don't usually like investigation Discovery max, they don't really fuck up a lot of shit. So that's why when I saw it there I said okay, I'll watch this. That's why that Chris Brown piece being on ID which funny to me, I don't know who, I Didn't get that one. I don't know who did that. I don't know who brokered that deal. But that's why because Id we take with some type of seriousness that they've betting shit that they got some integrity. These are real crimes, real people, real reenactments even like they don't, they're not known for hit pieces. Yeah. They, they don't normally get in the hit piece game. There clearly must be a lot of money in it and I don't think that'll be the last one.


I think we'll see more for sure. You said your body is hurting? I said I body this picture. Oh okay. I thought you said my body. No, No thought You said my body calling him. Damn. I ain't know what the fuck he said. You tell me your body was calling for somebody. No nigga, my body's not calling for anyone. Can I take it back? Hell you calling me. I take you, you been waiting to get Go ahead man. Go ahead. We good, We good? No, I'm gonna get you. Are We good? Flip We are not good. Oh man, why y'all not good? He keep cracking jokes saying that I'm upset that these streamers are on in WE or on wwe.


So he keep Oh yeah, you not and You in jail upset. No. Right. Nah, he pizza but he is good. Well, why would I be upset though guys? Crazy. We not get into It. Are you happy for them? Of course. Okay. I mean I'd be salt if I saw like Don Lemon, You know what I mean? Man, you got hate in hosting the elections while I was in jail. You especially you was trying to host the elections, you get tacos, you got hate in your blood. You was trying to host the elections. No I wasn't. No, no. I'm talking about you was trying to host the elections, you was prepping to host the elections. Right. And then you let them say this for whatever you dipped off and you wasn't hosting an election. He started this narrative outta nowhere. He hosting the elections, smoking this shit sandwich is down for the weekend. Right. Hey, yo, here's the thing. You gotta understand this. There's niggas that's you, we have a group, we are the, you are the that nigga or you, y'all niggas, when you that nigga, you wouldn't feel bad about anybody or anybody who's in the lane that you're in or who passed whatever lane that you wanted 'em to be in.


You wouldn't feel, you wouldn't be mad at that. You'd be happy because they're progressing the culture. So I'm proud of that. That is a good answer. That's, that was good. That a, that's a publicist y'all nigga, y'all nigga that watching that hate from the side. Oh, I don't, nah, I wasn't, I I was watching Netflix. I was actually watching, watching Me too when I got home. You gonna rewind it? Yeah, you Shit back. They saying act has been permanently bent from Twitch. I saw That. I saw that. Oh yeah. They're also saying that stake unfollowed him. I haven't fact checked these things, but just a quick peruse on the phone said that just now dear. Wow. Mm. Yikes. That's ugly.


Yeah. What does banned from Twitch mean? See, I'm not familiar with Twitch. What's banned from Instagram? Can't use it no more. Same shit. Can't stream means can't do nothing. You're done. You Could ban me from using Twitch. It's A platform Yeah. To take your account. But the account that that You No, that he had I think some type of special deal With them, the account and, and, and I've had to deal with Twitch and it's in that contract where they can, there's certain shit you, if you're, if any of this happened, it's like how we talk about the morals clause and a lot of stuff all. No we, this is done. And yo, same thing with me. Yeah. They had special like special rules in my shit because I told about I'm gonna go on the edge, You know what I mean?


But What I will say about that actually he put on a masterclass in how to not handle something. He did eventually come around. Yeah. And say the right things and apologize and I was wrong and we gotta be held accountable and us streamers have a large audience so we gotta be love the kids and be kind. He did all of that. But it was after, after the Fact. It was after he said some other things and part of the other things was, what the fuck y'all gonna do? Cancel me. You can't, Can't cancel something that you didn't help Bill. Which So you didn't bill. Which I guess might be true if you're talking about fans, but it's not true when you're talking about companies you could ask the fresh and fit niggas at when they got Oh yeah.


Demo monetized off of YouTube and like it's a thing so you buy shit. Yeah. Said that Adidas, what they going to do? They can't get rid of me and they got rid of him, but he end up, you know, still I'm just saying company, I wouldn't go around challenging companies. Right. I wouldn't be daring double daring companies to get to cancel me. People just be thinking like, like, like George said, you know when you speak of cancellation you're talking to the crowd like y'all don't have the power to do nothing To me. Not realizing that there are some people out there that still got some power And the companies react off the people. Yeah. Enough noise. Making Enough of that noise. Y'all think that these companies are not reading tweets and checking the temperament on some of them contracts.


They got you are wrong. You Know. Yo, Joe, let me be the one to tell you there, There's a bigger message here, you know, and I, I fuck with ax so I'm gonna be mindful. That's the downside too, of having that kind of, we Stan culture fan. The downside is they standing for whatever your action is. So if it's bad and they put enough noise on it, the people that you in bed with that wouldn't have seen it. They see it. Yeah. Go ahead. What you saying flip? No, Like, so the bigger message is that, you know how, because they use the certain words like grooming and stuff like that, they're just using these words that, that is foreign to us.


And I hate to say where we come from or how we grew up and not saying, not making an excuse, but you are a product of your environment. Meaning that when it comes to teenage boys or whatever, we encouraged them to yo hey yo, get that girl or do that. We had those conversations. It's been like that since I was, the older niggas around me did it with me. I did it with my son. You know what I mean? Not saying that it's right, It is wrong. Now when the, If you acknowledge It is wrong, then, then what are you saying? I'm acknowledging that it's wrong, but I'm saying that It is not foreign, that behavior, that's what I'm saying. Like It is not new. You know what I mean? Like if, if of course when great.


Yeah. That's what I'm saying. I think it's wrong. So In a place today where that behavior is being checked and people are being educated on things And I agree and then there's consequences. But you have to learn they're consequences. Yeah. And you have to learn the real time. See everybody act like they're smart and they fucking overnight, they, they learn how to abide by society rules and shit like that. And what's right and wrong. You have to learn in real time when you're taught something, especially niggas from the Caribbean, like these things that like you have to acknowledge that nobody wants to go to the source of things. They just want to point and laugh and blame. And I'm not saying anything with act. I'm not even co-signing Them. Act was wrong. He's cool, he was a hundred percent wrong, dead Wrong, A hundred percent wrong. Period. Point blank. Especially if the young man is saying what he's saying. I've seen things like that. That's what I'm saying I've seen and It is cool to be wrong and then go sit with it by yourself.


Yeah. Don't be wrong and strong. That's what, Or if you want to be wrong and strong, you don't have to put a camera on. Got it. You don't have to livestream you in your learning process. Got It. Yeah. You don't, you could, you could take that, you could take that privately, deal With that. You know what, you know what happens there though. You, you kind of become a, a victim of your brand. Like that's his brand of, to be cutting my camera on and giving y'all, whatever. I think about everything right now. His brand is not speaking to 15-year-old boys like that. No, no, No. Correct. I'm not saying, I'm talking about you said you don't have to learn in real time with the camera on. I think that's part of his brand though.


Whatever I'm, whatever I'm experiencing or whatever I'm talking about. That's what I'm saying. I have to cut the camera on. Like, again, this is a different generation. They don't know how to turn the cameras Off. Unlearn it And you learn it Yourself. Unlearn it. I'm not, listen, I'm not, I'm not here to fucking preach. Yeah. I'm not trying to preach to nobody. It's difficult to unlearn things. Absolutely. So if that is a, a, a habit and a tendency where, hey, I'm living my life in front of the camera, so they're just gonna see it. I invented that actually. Yeah. But the difference between you is you also knew a world before that there's a lot of people today, all they know is this is they don't know the world to exist without it.


Exactly. Ice. Like I sit there and be like, yo, I'm not even talking about the acts. I'm just, in general, I be like, yo, why do y'all come to the internet and broadcast every second of your lives? You not that important. We don't give a fuck. But to them, they've been paid to. I'm not even talking about those who getting paid to. It's people who ain't making a dollar off of this, that, that chronicle that puts every detail of their life on the internet. This is the world that they know. There is no world where we don't, if if it, if I can't talk about it or show it, it didn't even happen. That's a law that they abide by. We don't, because we knew the world before that. So it's like, I try to give again, I'm not talking about act I'm with y'all.


I, I think that was, I think he's just a hundred percent wrong in that. And I'm glad that he finally did understand and address it and handle it the proper way. But I'm just saying in general, people don't know how to turn that camera. That's the only life they have. Yeah. Yeah. And when it, and when it becomes, like when you do something and It is normal for you and you normalize it, you Just, it creates like this echo chamber where you just can't see Yes. Any kind of like alternate reality past the one that you've created for yourself. And so you set the rules inside of that reality Until reality hits you. Yes. Until Exactly. Things like that. Exactly. Until real world consequences. I'm sorry. When you done job with, And we, where cer where some of us come from to me is not an excuse to groom, like to say, I don't really know what that is.


Okay. I understand that. And I received that. I ain't gonna pretend like I really knew all the ins and outs about what grooming is. Yes. Either. But I also identified that there's plenty of grown men running around here not knowing that they were abused. Exactly. Not knowing that they were molested. That's the big problem. Not knowing that they were targeted by the, I don't wanna trigger nobody, but Yeah. Yeah. So if we not gonna know what those things are, I wouldn't expect people to know what grooming are. And Yes. If now's the time to have that conversation so everybody could sit and learn together the people that need it. Correct. Then I clap for that. I'm with you. Word true.


Yeah. Round of applause. I don. And, and you know the people that when you give pushback, they're gonna say, oh, you co-signer. You making excuses for act. No, I'm not. I wanna be extremely, I wanna be extremely clear when I say listening to it, understanding it, he was wrong. And he acknowledged that. I'm saying that behavior isn't foreign when it comes to teenage boys. Not the other shit about the joke around shit. But it's not foreign. When you like, yo, get that girl though. Hey, yo, you having those conversations? That's misguided. 'cause teenage boys are not a monolith. Okay. Teenage boys don't cover the spectrum of teenage boys. Gotcha. Apparently this young, this young dude.


And shout to him, he, he sounded pretty intelligent. Yes, he did. He handled himself well in that stressful environment. But he's from another country somewhere. Third world country, no parents, no friends, just from what I'm hearing. So that's not the same as the teenage boy from the hood that got OGs. And that's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm to a little more experienced than hearing that type of talk or handling that still don't make it. Okay. Right. Yeah. But that's what I'm Referring to. But it's not. It's apples and oranges. I got it. No, I got it. We can't just put all teenage boys in the same boat. And it's a hard lesson. It is. It is. And as an adult, I, I would hope you learn. Listen, you shouldn't, this is Wrongest.


I wrong. That's the underlying part right There. Like, So if you crack a joke else needs to know that's, if you crack a joke and ask your 17-year-old brothers, yo, you, you, you, you fucking girls. Yet I'm not cracking a joke. That's not a joke. I'm asking my little brothers what's happening with you sexually. Yeah. It's not a joking matter. So that I can Educate you or Guide you. I ain't cracking all, whatever the case. Yo, you fucking like, let's talk about it. Where are you doing this? How are you doing this? Yes. Are you, are you being safe? I'm not doing, you ain't getting no pussy. You gay. Like All that shit, shit They did in the nineties. Nah. Yeah. But yeah, the nineties shit know it was, it was a dude that came under fire, the rapper, I'm not gonna say his name, but I think, I forget how old. His, his, his son was a teenager. And he was like, yo, I went and got some girls.


I, I remember that. And, and paid them. That was wild. That was wild. To get 'em right. And that, and he thought he saw nothing wrong with that. It's just, it's people just fucked up and don't even realize that they been fucked up and they passing it on. You have to, you have to, you have to go to the root of the problem. And like Joe said, you have to unlearn things. Just unlearn it. Unlearn it, get educated. So that can't happen again. Now any, anybody do something like that. Even me, if I go crack a joke with Nico, like now I know how that comes off and how it looks. You hug somebody the wrong way. There's a word for it. Yeah. It, It's charge the De. Yeah. So I feel like that is everyone's job and responsibility to go and learn what some of these phrases and terms and words mean.


One. Two, if you're blessed enough and privileged enough to make your living as a content creator, then it's your job and responsibility at a much higher clip. That's a factor. You right to go and understand what all this, all this stuff is. And it ain't just in that world. Like, like again, like you mentioned, the hug shit used to happen in corporate that people did not know was wrong was inappropriate until it became a thing. Like, oh shit, we can't do that. Oh shit, we can. And now look at today, people are moving accordingly for the most part. And if the 15-year-old is sitting there telling you, Hey, I agree With that, was This is grooming, I'm uncomfortable back out. You gonna put us in a case? Yeah.


Then it's probably the time. It's Probably the time. Agree, agree. Yeah. It's crazy. Thank god you guys willing up here willing to teach me right or wrong because I be saying some shit. Yeah, you do. And if you ain't love me, nigga, if you ain't love me, you let some of that crazy shit. I say go out, he hold, hold up. Em the same shit I said about Jr. The other day when he was up here, when that cut happened. Yeah. In my mind, I don't think it's nothing. I'm talking to my son, You know what I mean? In front of my friends, but he's like, ah, yo, cut that flip. You know what I'm saying? So that's why I fuck with you. People always say, yo, you sucking Joe Dick and all that. But nah, y'all don't understand that. It it, it takes a dude, the the process that it takes to deal with me and put me out to the audience. It is, It is bigger than y'all. Which I think, and he tries to get me to understand you.


You have to edit yourself in real time. Even mail flip. It's a fact. So I just be getting shit off based on what I know. I just want to get shit off. Yeah. I Know my brother, We got it. I know. See that It is sensitive. It is Insensitive was I know my brother Christ it sensitive nigga. Big man. Hey, I ain't get on you enough this episode. That's Okay. I'm leave alone. She don't worry about It. Still have have a Patreon, let a cook. Nah, I like for the free audience. Okay. I like for the free audience to here when I'm in my bag, she like, when I'm big male, Hey Kiss, who's coming home for dinner? She gonna break to the seventies. She gonna break a thigh muscle. Go ahead. Now you Know that movie Kiss was coming home for dinner. Guess who's coming to dinner? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. And Mark don't look when I muscle Cindy po. Huh?


I Huh. Don't look when I take thigh, I saw you can't do that. You shocked me son. Looking Back, I thought she was injured. I was Looking to see if any medical Attention you gonna be. Exactly. No. Remember he said you on listen passes an hour three. I'm fine. How much longer do you think that's gonna last? Not long. Oh, okay. As long as you know. Did you hear, did you hear Not like us instrumental playing. I Did. I did. I did. Shit ain lead too. Yeah, that shit sound fire too. That shit come On. That shit is covered off. Like I said, I thought they moved away from it. We knew that they weren't going to again. IIII looking at Drake's moves.


Damn. I thought we was getting whole, I try not to, but, but looking at his moves, I you Need to sign consecutive days without mentioning Drake word. I thought we was on a roll just now. Flick The counter back flick It looked like he's was applying pressure to just stop that one song. And then once you see the NFL putting their other ads out, you stopped hearing that instrumental for a minute. Like you would hear a TV off or I think I heard, hey now you would hear the other records. So I'm like, okay, I see what they did here quietly. Yeah. Yeah. It is Business at the end of day. They just got multiple ads. Yeah. They made, they just made a few commercials.


They A big slap for Yeah, exactly. Close to the show. Hey listen. Exactly. That's the reason why they would stop playing it for Maximum Impact. I think we all kind of said, yeah, homeboy don't want that record played like hip hop has come together on that one. Yeah. That don't mean that the plan is about to be effective. Mm. No. I I I Like Roger Goodell just told everybody in the public. Yeah, I seen all the Jay-Z shit. Knock it off. It's not happening. We're gonna continue to work with him. Actually we're working on his new deal. Right. Right now he just rega him a new deal. Like so Roger Goodell will tell, tell you when I'm standing with some shit, I could see him saying, yeah, I read the paperwork. Suck my dick. I like that song.


That shit is a Slack. Yeah. I spoke to an executive at the NFL Pick it up insider. So You don't watch but you speak to the executives and keep up with the scores. All right, go ahead. Oh, because I have to cover the stories. I cover the stories. I see. Yeah. I See. That was a halfway backbone. So, so what hope tell you back what? No, it was the N nfl. It was the NFL person. And because I asked is the NFL going to block this? And what they said was, Kendrick can do whatever he wants at the Super Bowl. The NFL does not control what he does. It's okay. I cut this part off. So that's basically, they're not liable. Yeah, Right. They said we asked Snoop not to Crip walk or throw up gang signs. He did it anyway. Nobody died in cri. That's funny as shit.


So that's funny as that's hilarious because he definitely was, I was like, is he pulling up CRI with the all blue bandanas? Oh yeah. Yeah. So just FYI So if y'all expecting the NL to stop it, they're not, it ain't happening. They're not. Yeah, Dog. I just hope that the chicken dip is done before the record. Come on. I don't want to be in the kitchen Where we call, where we calling to That beginning of the set, middle of the set into the set. Right. The middle early. I'm saying early, early. I think he coming out HBCU band style. You gonna hear the instrumental, you gonna hear the music and then you gonna go to the next set. If you Come out early, I'm jumping in Hudson River, a marching band come out early and start, And now the Apple will halftime show how the drum start.


No, I'm gonna be sleepwalking again out there. Be butt ass in the Hudson. Oh my boy. Why are you butt ass watching the Super Bowl? So? No, no. I would get butt ass. Okay, Hold up. Why are you Dicky watching Bowl? What the fuck? What do you think's about to happen? This think a little too comfortable because we all like sa I don, I don. Oh shit. He told me crazy. Patrick Mahomes Carl. Right. He did it for Did it for A while. All right. Nah, nah, no, I'm cool. You my man. You my man. You my man. I don't want to, I don't think he wants to end with that energy.


Right. I don't think he wants to end with anything to correlate it to homeboy. He gonna End. Yeah, he, he doing all right. Yeah. With all the stars. The sizzle or that? Yeah. Oh, that'd be good. That's not a bad idea. I would've ended it with All right. But that make more sense. Yeah. Oh yeah. All right though. Yeah. Alright. Right. That's, that's like the new nigga Anthem. Yeah. You can't go wrong with that. Yeah. And he gonna be on this Blackity black shit too. Yeah, but they gonna write the word. I think I saw Meek say something about Already funny. It is already funny, bro. I think I saw Meek say something about if the Eagles win, he'll shoot a video.


Oh Yeah, he is good. He'll reshoot the video to Dreams and Nightmares. You ain't hear him say the after the game somebody, the speakers down there, I outperform. Yep. No, he was headed to send his video that day, which I respect. Shout my brother. Me. Yeah. He was like, yo, mark Meek somebody, speaker Only two Phil people that wasn't at the game. So he says somebody bring down, bring The speakers, bring bring some speakers. I'll rock down there. Yep. To where, where's that shit at The close Pin down Center City, right? Yeah, yeah. Bring it down, bring some speakers and I'll, I'll do Dreams and Nightmares. Meek, you have the phone number of the guy that books the artist talent to perform at these games. He's Actually coming. Right. The text right there. No, wasn't talking about at the game. He was talking about outside the streets.


They was the streets outside in the streets when they was whiling. Bring some speakers down here and I will perform Dreams and Nightmares. Yo, you got re I love that he's a man of the people man. And that's how, that's how City Anthem now. True. It, it ain't but two songs. It's that and Uzi. That's it. What Uzi song Rock. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Hey, hey drama. You gotta, you gotta, It's almost, I need an apology for that. I ain't gonna hold you. It's almost like that song was never made. I need An apology for that. He has to apologize. It's almost like that song was never even created. There's something behind that that I'm going to get Thet on at some point later on. That song was too big To disappear like that To never be heard again.


That's interesting. I guess I haven't heard it in a minute because you, you Ain't heard it NA why he to be Everywhere in Philly at the games everywhere. Shit. School yards. You hear that shit everywhere For like a nine month run. Yeah, But didn't it like fizzle out because it, it was like, you know, used on TikTok, there's no Words. No. Well that too. Mm. More reason to me for it to not fizzle out. That's true. Ain't nothing in there. Really. You could, you could do whatever with that record Sums up with Thats up with that. I thought they replaced it. What you getting it to That what I drew a Nightmare. There's no songs. It is no Song Out that's performing. Or you look at the billboard Top 10, I think she boozy is telling it he is Look Or it ain't changed. Sometimes when you go out there and say some wild shit, it bites you.


So I think it could be drama going out there saying what he said. Had people like, nigga What? What'd he say? Well, he said that record is bigger than Dreams of Nightmares. But that doesn't, No, it's bigger than that. But I, It is not bigger than Dreams Night. No, I'm saying the agenda is bigger than that. I'm just saying so and no, it's Not bigger than Night at all. Both. Both are true. Both at all. At all. Oh, good luck Meek. Yeah. And I'm always down for some Meek tweets. Absolutely. I love, I am. I'm always the best Music. That's what I'm ready for. And I wanna See that new video too. I wanna See that new remade video after we win the Super Bowl. Because that's gonna be dope. And when the last Super Bowl, that was like the soundtrack to it, so that'd be dope. Shout out to Gilly man. I've been looking at him. Whoa.


He be killing it. I know he's going, he's having a blast. I've been looking at Gilly Post and watching him feel good about his team. It makes me feel good. Like watching him all season. Do the fucking stupid dance with the the cars and the The big hat. The big hat. The whole person. Like when you do all that and watch your team get there And now you walk, you walk Him Out the field, He in the locker room. Champagne. Like Billy gonna get a ring. He Deserve a ring. He should get a ring. Yeah. He deserve one. He gonna get a ring. Look, that's how easy podcasting is. Oh, you just kind Billy deserve a ring. The long snappers like nah. Right.


I have a part of, oh wait, the Grammy's This week. Oh yeah, yeah. Grammy coming up this Grammy this weekend. They did announce the first batch of performers and they are, let me see the Performers. So you Throw, oh no, no, no. We good. We good. Picked up about Ben Benson Boone Billy Eilish. Who? Wait, slow down. I'm reading. Who? Benson Boone. Who's Benson Boone? Shout up to Them sound like a Jetson. Benon. Benson Boone. Billy Eilish. Chappelle, Rowan Chappelle. Rowan Ronan. Rowan. Excuse me. Charlie. XC, X, DOCI, Ray, Sabrina, carpenter. Shakira and Teddy swims. That's the first batch of performers.


Benson Boone is country. Okay. I'm not watching this shit be watching be picking my spots. All definitely. They Better announce some more performers. I know That much. This is on a Sunday. Am I free? Sunday? I'll make something to do. Shout to Teddy swims though. He's fired. Shout to Teddy Swims. I fuck with Teddy. Shout To Doci. Yeah, Doce be fired. Hand shout to Doce. But I don't want her just there as the token black. They gotta down some more Folks. Is there another black? You said Shazi, I thought No, Not as a former S not As and ass racist for Shazi to be the other black in country. I mean a black Black. I Mean a black. Black. Yeah.


Oh shit. We got any predictions like for nominee nominations? Well, we got the nos I Think. Yeah, we got the nos. I'm just saying who for winners? Kendrick. Kendrick Lamar. Kendrick Lamar, the girl, Sabrina Carpenter. Mr. Lamar. Two Cleveland. All right. So for record of the year now and then by the Beatles? No, no, Texas. Hold them by Beyonce. The Beatles are still alive. They got a, a nigga, they they got a AI release of a song. Yeah. Wait, hold on. With new, with new vocals. They Gotta be down to Beatle. It's too loud nigga. It's too loud Left. What in the hell The Beatle? Them niggas. Yo. The wife Rock Legends can stay alive.


Yeah. All right, Go ahead. Beatle Beatles, Texas Holden, Beyonce, espresso. Sabrina Carpenter 360. Charlie XCX. Birds of a Feather. Billie Eilish not like us. Kendrick Lamar. Good luck babe. Chappelle, Rone and Fortnite. Taylor Swift and Post Malone. Those are the nominees for, damn, that's a lot of nominees. Oh they trying to get some, some emotional outrage outta me. Mm. I see what the Grammy's trying to do. They just trying to make me mad on a Sunday. Get that shit to the Beatles and piss you off. The Beatles. Will I be mad as shit. I'll find out. The winner's on Baller Alert. Alright. Album of the year. Kendrick Lamar. Andre 3000 New Blue Sun.


No. Blue Sun. Beyonce Cowboy Carter. I hope he lost that flute by now. Hell no. Nah. Or stepped on it in the middle of the night. Sabrina Carpenter, short and sweet. Charlie X CX brat, Jacob Collier, the GS volume four. Billy Eilish hit me hard and soft. Chappelle r The Rising and fall of a Midwest Princess and Taylor Swift, the tortured poets department. Oh God, I wish They changed the name of award shows to Hey, we're trying to, the Taylor Swift, we're trying to raise the stock on our white artists that we heavily invested in, that we make money off of. And that's it. It is always Sabrina car. Lay the carpet. Bill Eilish. Bill Eilish. It's Same. It is the same.


Davy making some great albums though. Billy Eilish and Taylor Swift be making some good ass albums. Man, I, I wouldn't know. I would never know. No idea. It is a great album. I wouldn't have called me when it's Lana Del Ray's time to come back. Billy E Billy Eilish. I do like Billy Eilish is a beast. Billy Eilish, I'm not gonna argue Y Got it. You're right. Aggressive. We Ain't defending Black History mom too. Trying to get this out early before we get to February. Grammys In February. And he trying to say that he wouldn't have got God in the sixties. Oh, What Jody Mitchell nigga Nancy Reagan would've came with. Whoa. Shit. That's different. Oh yeah, that's different.


Oh shit. That's not sex. Wait. Head is different from, from sex even in Doctor World In civil Right. I'm talking about Civil rights world. Not my world. My world. It is all, we would all be adultery so I wouldn't do any of them. There you go. You know, get outta there You go. Get outta there, mom. I can See the documents now. My outta bad shit. Oh shit. I stay outta trouble. Mm. Smart man. Yeah. But yes. Do y'all think Beyonce's gonna come, come up empty this time? Well, well I need to hear the other categories. Beyonce. I'm just thinking about because she's up record. She's nominated the most, she's nominated the most, but she, she not the album of the year. I hope, I hope I see, I see Chapel Rowan getting that. Mm. She just emotional outrage.


It would be the one that I never heard of that went to I don I Don listen to her music, but she's just like, she's that girl. She's fucking everywhere. Yeah. She is. Who, who's new Artist. I don't think Beyonce is coming. If, if they don't promise her one of the big boys. Mm. She is nominated. She has a nominee in a nomination, excuse me, in record of the year, album of the year and Song of the year. Okay. What song of the Year, song of the year is Sha Boozy A bar song? Tipsy Billie Eilish. That should not win. Birds of a Feather Die With a Smile. Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars, Fortnite, Taylor Swift, post Malone. Good luck babe. Chappelle r not like us. Kendrick Lamar. Please, please, please. Saprina Carpenter and Texas Holden Kendrick Kendrick can come up big.


I do like that Taylor Post Malone song. That song that Sabrina c song was big too. I like that song. Please. And I think I like that song too. Yeah. That was Actually Clean up. And you said who's new artist? Who's new artists? Because that's the one that fucks people up. Like with Evanescence one, like every time you think the person you, you want to win like 50 or whoever's going to come up. They don't win. They never win. New artist Vincent Boone. Sabrina Carpenter Doci. Ooh, I don how to pronounce this one? Carin Ray. Oh No Way. Chappelle r Shazi and Teddy swims. Oh, that's tough. Alright. I'm not watching this. I I'm, I'm rooting so hard for Doci catch. I I just needed to see the hip hop hop. I'm gonna the RB nominees. That's all I care about. The Grammys come on right after the Grammys go off.


Right. I'll catch the later. The BET showing of it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, I just go to hip hop blog and see the clips. And Sunday I'm free. I think I'm gonna go join Mark at his, his basketball league that he joined. Yo. But y'all not gonna play spades though. Right. Just so I'm clear. He already ducked the beast this last week. Man, come on man. That's exactly what happened. I'm petrified and I ain't saying all that. I'm just saying niggas would, I'm too scared to actually set it up. Niggas turned up missing. That's all I'm saying. There was a time, there was a date set and niggas turned up missing. That's all I'm saying. That Is exactly what happened. I am petrified of Mark Spade skills. I'm not saying All that. And that's what's holding it up. I've Just said niggas disappeared. That's all I'm saying. That niggas weren't available. I, I, I, I Not niggas disappeared. That's disappearing.


And Corey know that when he, when he spoke to you Corey, nigga, he know if the texts don't go out, then niggas just ain't available. So if no text, Text goes out, that is kind of, it's disappearing. That's a fancy way of saying you Disappeared. You never Appeared. You gotta, You, you never appeared. If I say I come, no, no, no, no, no. You appeared. We set a date and then you disappeared because you never hit me on set date. You Right ice. And It is fine. I'm not saying, I'm not saying you were scared. I'm just saying ice Is right. I didn't look At it that way. Let, let, let, so just let me know when y'all let me know when y'all wanna play. And I got it. But come out to the basketball league. I'm telling you it was, it was a good time. It was good to get back in shape. What was just that line like? Oh, they, they kept the stats too.


Oh, they kept you, you ain't got 'em right. No, no. I mean like, I'm fucking with you. Tweet. Let Me tweeted the Stats. Yeah. It was, it wasn't that I, I was over three, had nine assists, had four rebounds. I'm like, wait, how you get four rebounds? Who the fuck, how, who you, how tall were they? Sometimes bounds are long. Sometimes you box out And just, just three shots. Didn't have the team, your teammates trust. No, no. I was, I was overpassing. They wasn't looking for you. No, I was, I was overpass. Nah, he got that. He got that first one up. Realized sent that shit back that way. You know what you shoot it was the opposite. It was, I didn't put up a shot at halftime and I was like, I can't come out here O four. Oh. I just got jack some shit up and then I, I I shot up a three and it, it hit the front of the rem and bounced back to me. Got my own rebound, shot it again. Went rolled in and out.


And I was like, all right, this ain't, you know, it ain't for me. But tonight. But, but I was making passes, made some couple, I made some great couple great passes. I'm just outta shape. We'll catch it on Sports Center. Yeah. Come out. We'll catch it on The top. You, you should come out. 'cause then we'd be on the same team. What time y'all start the games at? Run at seven, eight, and 9:00 AM Oh, nighttime. Nighttime. Yeah. Oh, nigga. Oh great. More reason than not see the Grammys. That's what I'm saying. I ain't going. Yeah. I'll come out there and fuck with y'all this weekend. Yeah. Come through. I, I I I'll add you to the list. 7, 8, 9. I, yeah. No, I, I ain't doing shit on Sunday. Yeah. I was about to say something and then I caught a brain freeze or I'm 44 in my dimension.


Stop that man. Stop bro. What nigga I my phone to text somebody and forget the text. The person I was texting All time have a straight blank like, yo, what the fuck was I just doing? Like Yeah. Like I leave and Come back. Like, what The fuck? Yeah. No, it's getting rough. We do have a Part of the Show. Oh, Somebody need our help. Someone named Jamel or Jello or whatever your name is. Maybe I'm messing. Hey Jello. Jello says, says Hi Joe and gang. Hey. Hi. Big fan of the show and a long time listener. It has been cool to see the wonderful evolution of the show throughout the years. Congratulations on your 10 year anniversary, Joe.


And Thank you for your service. Oh man. Wow. Sadly, I think it's about time I break up with my girl of nearly two years. Oh shit. As I think about how to break the news to her and the inevitable fight that will result, I came to a realization. Partners, usually those being broken up with tend to weaponize the breakup and say things like, you quote unquote wasted my time for X amount of years. If we're going to entertain that argument, my realization is that the first year of any relationship should not count in that argument. Oh, I'd said that in year three of my relationship, I, I ran this, this play you talking about reason being the first year of any relationship is just a honeymoon phase.


Small bickering and figuring each other out. Those initial months, year consist of all things that you would have to do anyway for any long-term relationship. So is it really a so is it really a waste? I can't read. He's trying to get this. So Is it really a waste of the other person's time? Am I just picking at straws here? Should the first year of a relationship count as time wasted in that argument? Thoughts spread the word. Spread the word. Y'all next. Spread the word y'all. Next time your girl hits you with the you wasted my time. I Don't think a relationship hit is ever a waste of time. Hit her with the bitch the first year. Don't count. Also, just to clarify, I do mean even if the guy slash girls intent is to dog the other person out, no matter what the motive is on either part, that first year is a wash.


Totally agree with 'em. I don't think there is no wasted time. Yeah. Be Well I don't agree with that part. No. You can waste some time. You can waste somebody's time. I done wasted some time. No you didn't. You learned a lesson. Yeah. No, I mean I don done wasted somebody else's time. Me. Yeah. When I knew I was And they learned the lesson too though. The Lesson. Yeah. They learned too while they got time. You're be teacher sometimes in the lesson. No, it's not you printing it up. You could waste somebody's time. You could have, the person could be head over heels for you and you have no intent of taking it to the next level. That's somebody's time. But you're entertaining it for your own satisfaction. You're wasting their time. That's wasting time. That's it. That is wasting. I disagree with, I don thinking their time. I totally disagree with that. Okay. It might not get the end result that they were expecting, but I don't think that's Nobody Time, you know, know how they feel about you and you don't feel the same way.


Instead of telling them, We had carbon having a blast, but you ain't got the title you want so it's wasted time bitch. Please. It depends on what I, come on Cole. You know that. Please. It depends on what we talk about in terms of what the expectations Exactly. If we kicking it, It is like, if I come in for a job interview and at the end of it it's great and I have a great time and you like you're perfect, you're brilliant. And I'd be like, we're not actually hiring right now. You wasted my fucking time. It's a nice connection. I'm glad you know me. But you weren't hiring so there was nothing I was gonna get outta this that I wanted. If in a relationship you're saying I want a committed relationship or I wanna get married or I want something serious and I know from the gate I don't want any parts of that, then I've wasted your time. Okay. So lemme ask you a question. No, She, she wasted her time. Yes. If, if I wasn't, if if I gave you impression that I wanted that, lemme Ask you a question. You relationship in that, in that relationship example you gave, if she learned to spot the red flags in a nigga Bitches be wasting it time.


So now with the next nigga, when she see him moving, like you moved, she can get outta there. Earlier she learned something from you. You didn't waste her time. She just did not get the end result that she wanted. I think, I think they're both true. I think she learned a lesson from having her time wasted. I think If someone leaves you with the altar or something, then you might be able to make a pitch for wasted time and money. Yeah. But other than that, I don't think you wasted money. So why would you? And that's oxy about if you learned something then your time wasn't, nigga you spent time learning the lesson. Now Lemme ask you another question real quick, real quick. Tim, up freeze You. You don't. All right. So in the beginning you have no intention on going there with her. No. But she's falling head over heels of love field. Yes. Yeah. Now somewhere along the line you fall for her and that changes. Yeah.


That's possible. So again, you've learned something along the way. It ain't that you wasted time, but you might've never had that intention up front. You might've intended to just drag this out and now you fell for the person. Men don't be coming in with those intentions. No. We normally learn through over the course Of time. Yeah. Hey, this is the person I really wanna Do shit, this motherfucker. And that's not wasting Your time. Oh shit, I'm in love. No, not, that's not wasting time. So now it don't work. Yo, you time was wasted. No, I'm mixing. I'm mixing it up. It's two different things. And I believe this firm me. 'cause I've had this argument with women before too. Like, look, let's go, let's go. I have a right to change my mind. Yes. I have a right to decide. I want something different. Yes. That's not wasting your time. If I say I want this, and then I decide I didn't, I didn't waste your time. I have a right to make a different choice based off of, based on the situation, what I learned.


I'm fine with that. I'm talking about when you give the impression that you want X and you don't really want X, you just saying that shit and you're enjoying it. Have enjoying the sex, enjoying somebody to kick it with. But you know, you don't, you're not taking this person serious. And they think this is headed toward marriage and it never or, or something serious or whatever. If I, if I say that I want that and I don't, and then I just leave. That's wasting your time. I think that's Just lying. Yeah. She wasted her own time Because why? She shoulda, she shoulda saw that and got out. You looked at, you looked at it as she should have got the signs right. She should have saw the signs. You shoulda knew I was lying. Exactly. No, what I'm saying, I know we, we as men go into certain situations and we know this already and we just want fucking have a good time. And she just may be a vibe, but I can't see me being, I'm mad that y'all, I'm mad that y'all even keep bringing that up as an example.


So let me chime in. Yeah. Plenty of niggas do that and plenty of niggas do that and try to get it off and fuck and just mislead and misrepresent. Yes. That's what we're talking about. That's the only thing I'm saying. We are talking about you. The only thing I'm saying is waste time. You're make, still don't See that We're talking about that, those particular angles. If I go in the store for some narrators, it don't take me a year and change to realize that they don't have narrators. That's shut the, yo, I about broke off, bro, Stop. If I know the qualities that I'm looking for in terms of a wife and marriage and I'm moving with intent and that same guy you talking about, or the same person you talking about is doing whatever he's doing over the course of 3, 4, 5, 6 months and I choose to stay here for this, I'm wasting my own time.


What if he's lying to what if he's lying to her? That's The argument that Mark is presenting. Yeah. What if He's lying? What if he's the lack of account? I'm talking about lying. I'm talking about your actions. Jesus. I'm talking about when you go into, She wants, she want women to not be held accountable for I'm not. I'm not. I didn't even finish. I'm not, You were applying to something that I didn't even finish. You're just sitting here with a face. If I could land, then you can respond Land. She want women to not be held accountable for being misled. That is not what the fuck I said at fucking all that is not what I said at all. I do agree with the, with the notion that there is a certain amount of responsibility to yourself. There's, there's a certain amount of self-preservation that should kick the fuck in when all signs point towards this is not going in the direction that you hoped it would.


And this person is leading you astray. Like yes, absolutely there is some responsibility that you need to take for yourself. But then there is also the scenario that Mark presents where a motherfucker will lie, boldface lie to your face and said, yes, I want exactly what you, what you want. But he just wants the girlfriend fucking experience. Can I ask you, you a question? There is a scenario where, please, where a guy lies. Can I ask you a question? Did she fuck the guy In this scenario? Sure. I I, I guess Probably. Yeah. All right, so get this Mr. Fuck outta here then she, so she fucked the guy. What does that have to do with the price of race in fucking China? It means that if you following through the, through the word of Christ and you want to see who someone is, if you are moving with intent and you wanna see who, who someone is, then keep your pussy to yourself for more than a week.


Oh, for more than a day. For more than a month. Disability. Fucking politics. Wow. That's fucking Y dog. How do you expect to find out who people are? So you're saying if you withhold the sex, If you know that there are men out there that misrepresent themselves and hosts host a fucking, then don't fuck him and see who he really is. And then let's see what it looks, looks like around month seven and eight. So since you talking about marrying people, wasn't that a landman? Okay. Remember when she didn't wanna fuck dude and then he he she ended up crying about it. Oh yeah. Because it Was like, no, y'all, No, that's not what happened. She was already fucking him. No She wasn't. No, she wasn't the first one. She wasn't. Yes, she was MAs she was already fucking him. What Girl are you talking about? La The daughter.


She was already fucking him. The problem was he never wanted to sleep over. She was looking for that sleepover. She wanted the cuddle, she wanted to know that he wasn't just hitting it and fucking quitting it. That was what she Oh yeah. That was her problem. And her father basically said, I'm, you're talking that is what he's doing. If he does not wanna sleep slick, sleep, physically sleep and hold you, then that is what he's there for. She went downstairs. Oh, I'm not, oh, see, I'm not talking about the Daughter. She went downstairs, found that, get The daughter out here. I'm talking about the girlfriend or the, the fiance of the dude that died, that fell in love with homeboy. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. And they were clearly into each other is s and they were liking each other.


And they both kept saying, especially him, she kept saying, y'all, I'm not supposed to feel like this, but I feel like this. I don't know what to do. My body and, and I have all these emotions. This is moving too fast. And he said, then wait, okay then wait, don't do anything. True. That's lies. That's what I, that's what I'm saying. So yes, you are responsible for who you give your penis to for who you give your pussy to and the results that it brings back. But, But I think you're also responsible for what you communicate to people. Like you, you said you are like you said, like if I walk in the store, final nowledge don't take a whole year to know that they ain't got knowledge. Agreed. And if dude go in the, if you say, Hey, we might have some in the back and go in the back for more than 30 minutes. I'm out, I'm leaving. But on the other part, But what I'm saying is if he says, look, oh now let, oh, we got plenty of 'em.


We, I I love to sell now and if he comes back out, I got boxes of what flavor you want, what kind you want, blah, blah, blah. If he knows during that exchange that he ain't got no now later he mislead. He's wasting your time. That's all I'm saying. And misleading you. And some people do that in relationships. And those are the only times I'm talking about when you, when you lead the, you want one thing and you want something else. Now You Right. If you dumb enough to stand in the store for four, for 45 minutes waiting for now leaders. Yeah. That's also on you too. That's true. Everybody has a part to play. But let's not let anybody off the hook. 'cause everybody got a part to play in this, You know, you know the other part we miss a lot in this, in these conversations. But them Thinking they could change the nigga. Yes, I agree. And guys might, thinking that they could change a girl No, but stop We taking Stop, stop, stop assigning it to just one fucking gender. We're Talking about, we're talking about in the example of he's misleading her or something.


There are times where he's not showing you what you want to see, but you think you could change him. And that has happened to me before you to be the one. Yes. You think you could be the one. Yes. He's told you, I don't fall for girls, I don't do that has happened. I've done that. And it's, it's, you know what, that's because he ain't met me. I'm different. I could change him. I can make him fall in love. And then you that you waste your, so I give your example that right Fucking grits freeze Shit the fuck up. Fucking gr You're not cooking my fucking grits at up. Your grits are No they're not. They're they're, no they're not. No they're not. Because in his example, you can easily flip that around. And I know plenty of niggas that have been like just kind of bowled over by women that they wanted to change and she's not changing.


You are strip clubs. You of course. Exactly. You are food in the fucking phone. You are those fucking things. Absolutely. So stop it. It's not Just, and that girl be the one that say he wasted my Time. No, it's not just women, it's it's men and women. We all, Now you Fell in love with the nigga that's saved as food in your phone. But the nigga's not running around saying she wasted my time either. Never. Not at all. He's saying I wasted my time with her. Yeah. The man is not running around saying, yo, she wasted my time. She wasted my time. I I'll saying I wasted my time with this shit. Yo dog, I'll take seconds of grit In my per, in my personal opinion, men and women have a very different relationship with fucking time as it relates to relationships.


I think that's true. We do have a different relationship with time. Strictly speaking from the biological clock aspect. I want you I agree. So we do have a different relationship with time. So you would more likely hear that from a woman because she's like, I know what I want. I want to start a family. I want to get married, I want a baby, I want this, I want that. So she's trying her best to assess with the tools that she has at the moment. Who is that good person? If somebody is saying those things and maybe a few things are lining up, she's giving it a chance. It's literally you're damned if you do what you damned if you don't is woman. You're Not. It is, No, you Are speak louder than words. You're not, if this nigga is not showing you that he wants to build these things With you we're, but we're creating the perfect scenario where he's not.


And that is that, and that's where the fallacy is, right? Because there are scenarios where the guy can really, really build it up through action and word to make it seem like, is he Proposing? Because That's what she wants because that's what she wants. And so in order to Purpose, you put a ring on It. Is he doing these things that I are showing? We're, We're talking like first year. How do you get to the ring if you haven't gotten past the first fucking year? Why do we have any expectations after the first year? You Shouldn't. I'm not, I'm not saying You have It Is what he just said. I'm not, I'm not saying anything about The first year shouldn't count. I think it counts. I just think it depends on what's happening in the first year. Like, like I, I I know motherfuckers that moved quick. They do. Y'all discern like shit and then turn around And say, you wasted my time.


Y'all, y'all, y'all both sides do that. Y'all, both sides do the discernment Part. Both fucking sides do That. Again, like I said, men, you, you, you said it's due to the difference in biological makeup. But men will say, I wasted my time with her. Yes. Women will put it on the man and say he wasted my time. That's where the y'all, that's where the difference comes in's. Not to be sexist, but that's, niggas will sit there and say, yo, tell your man YI wasted all the fucking time with this chick, man. I thought this was this and this, this was going happen a lot of time. They feel way. I wasted a lot of times we are the pursuers. So that's what we feel that way. But if I wasted my time instead you didn't waste my time, I wasted my own time. And again, I say that it's because men and women have a different relationship with time. So there's no point in like fucking pointing fingers as to who's wrong, who's right, who's blah, Blah, Blah.


It's the same fucking scenario. Just from a different perspective. I, I, that's a cop out. I dated. It's not a cop out, it's the fucking truth. I dated this woman when she was, she was 38. She was 38 this point. And we dated for on and off for like a, about two years. Mm. I told her from the rip, I do not, I'm not looking for nothing serious and real and, and honestly now I look back, it just, I didn't, I didn't want anything serious with her. You know what I mean? Because you could meet the right person. Be serious. Yeah. And I knew I would at some point, right. But I didn't think she was it, she was a lot of things, but she just wasn't, it just wasn't it. I took her out, took it to public events, started taking it. She came to Thanksgiving, went to, You know what I mean, holiday parties.


I, I could see how after a year and a half, two years, she felt like she had changed me. I could say, I told you from the rip didn didn't want this, but there is a point and she wanted kids and now she's 40 and it's a lot harder to have a kid at 40 than It is at 38. Just we don't, we know all the ways. Right. So I would have to say in that moment, I could say how old, I'm sorry, how old was she when y'all met? She was 38. 38. She was 38. She was 40 when we were done. Yeah. So let me ask you a question. If she's 38 and she knows she has a two year window basically Yeah. Is what you're saying, not saying you can't, women can have but you, like you said, it's a lot harder. Yeah. If she knows she got a two year window after.


Okay, year one. If me and you ain't got there at all and I know my window is closing, I'm out juices. Right. And so that's so the fact that you stayed there, you've wasted your own time and and that's where I'm going. I'm saying so in that case, and you are accountable for your time allotment. Yes. And I'm saying in that case, I felt like I misled her a little bit, but I also was clear enough for her that she could have made some different choices. If at, if I had said to her from the rip, I do want this and I do want kids and I do, then I would've said I wasted her time. And I'm just saying there's a lot of situations where that other thing happens. You know what I mean? If, if you sat there and told her you do want kids, you do want this, but, but y'all wasn't trying to have no kids last nigga do that shooting up in there and you wasn't doing all of that. Nigga say, I have been, but that's not the point.


In closing, can closing it for me in the midst of lust, in the midst of horny being horny, nigga you say and do things all the time, nigga. That's it. Niggas two years of horny is a long time. Blame yourself. Stop, stop, stop selling yourself a dream. Stop looking for niggas to blame on both sides. Stop selling yourself a Dream. This this started off as part of the fucking show. Did we give this nigga fucking advice? Yes. Yeah. It was all in there. Yeah, we did. You just got tight in The process, man. Don't like that shit. Excuse Me. You just got tight in the process. No, the fuck I did not. Then why do you keep curing this? Because this has nothing to, I'm not even applying myself to this situation at all. All lot of the times I'm not applying myself. So stop. She she's speaking for all women, but No the fuck, I'm not No. Some women, No I'm not. I'm speaking, I'm on your side.


I'm, I'm speaking generally and I speak from facts and that's It. But lemme ask you a question. Facts based off of what personal experience or what your friends went through, right? So you speaking all from some man, the stories that you read or researched because you, you, when, when we are talking like this, we can see your reaction and see you get aggravated. So nine times outta 10 we may say, well Mel might experience that or she might know somebody that experienced that. I have never, ever in my entire life said to a man, you wasted my time. Never. Okay. So you know never. 'cause that's not the way I, But you know men that waste time. That's what I'm asking you man. Yes, yes I do. That's what I'm saying, man. What Cap, How is that, who are you talking to? I Didn't the room. What, what's cap? Then She said how bad do they are?


What the fuck is what's cap? Cap city? What is cap? Cap Cap city bitch That I've never said that to anybody. Cap City. Yeah. That's cap milk. I'm gonna let you get it off The No, no no's please go ahead. No, I'm not saying That. Do you know something fa like for that? I don't know. Factual. Yeah, no. Do you joke? You think your memory might be off? No, my memory is not off. I have never said those words ever in my life to anybody because I never fucking said felt. You, You said, you said to me, People have wasted your time. You said That. Have you said it multiple Times? When the fuck did I say that? It doesn't matter. But Said that's, that's bullshit. Okay. You never said it. That's Bullshit because I don't look at things like that. Have you said it on the pod Mel? Like he wasted my fucking time telling a story about certain things.


I remember a story you told and I think you used it about the London guy, if I'm not mistaken. Or the guy that was from over there. The whole thing that rest in peace that happened with I think I'm telling you As a brother. You said that before. I'm Not trying to I think you said he wasted your time, man. You said It. It Is. Okay. Fair said that one. You right. Okay. Okay. Calm the fuck down. Accountability. Yes, I said it. Sorry, We on Because because She wasted our time. No, don't Do that. Alright. See, don't do that to She gonna shut down. Come on Joe. No ma, she Come on. No, because you guys are being fucking assholes and it's fucking annoying. No, you guys are being fucking assholes and it's fucking annoying. I don't believe you.


You know what? And maybe I, we was just trying to help, you know, I'm not even, we was just Trying to help. I'm not gonna talk about it but we not trying to do this, I'm not gonna talk about You're right with that particular person. Yes. He absolutely was wasting fucking time. And the reason why I blocked that shit out is because the time that it happened was when my mother was fucking dying. So that was a really painful fucking event that I chose to fucking put in the very back of my, the recesses of my fucking brain. That's good for your, but you're right. Your ass. Thank you for reminding me. That's good. For you. It was that motherfucker. I reminded you. That's good for your ass. Yeah, that's good for you. Play a mother goddam. Yeah. Niggas alright. I do have a song that I've been dying for you guys to hear if it's all right this nigga, It is crazy.


This is TAVE TAVE and Kenyon Dixon. This is called Laid Back slash Old School Chevy.


Come and That's brand new music from Ty and Kenyon Dixon.


That record is called Laid Back slash Old School Chevy. Shout The Kenon Dixon friend of the show man. Grabby nominee. Hey I'm going to the West Coast again. This is Black Dynamite by two 11 and Jro Juice. What up? I can sense the hating niggas character sometimes would be your own kind. Make it even scarier. Fo shot Derringer Brook from three generation to gang wars. I inherited your back. Can't lie. I got money ain't got arrogant. I flew from the set to Cairo to see the pyramid and oh three inspired by Lil D and Meredith niggas came through the barbershop in six threes and Escalades full fledged since the seventh grade.


By 28 I felt G status already made. Not a smudge on my resume. No accusations on accolades. Niggas like damn the nerve of this nigga. I used to bow work from this nigga scrap still with me. We done leveled up on sitting Astro shot the visuals. He got us looking Cinematic Always on the clock. All you want is time. I ain't got a hundred million on the floor. I could see the plot I brought gang with me 'cause I heard it. Lonely at the top. Ice cubes in the watch. I feel like every day's Friday a chip on my shoulder like I ride wave niggas bitch up ship still trying to ride the wave Invested in my vision outta money.


Come on. Kind wave. Alright Two 11, grab that money machine. My fingers brewed from all these faces that I'm thumbing between. Whoa. I seen niggas try they best to be humble until they got some money. It's funny they switched on a double IBI need a plug on that CCW ride dirty and the punk police can't fuck with you jacket. We been bracket in a different tax bracket. They been throwing shots. We got a different flack jacket. Bitch like my nigga stole. You know we about to level up meaning tuck head on a swivel or get your ceiling bus. Legend in this shit still feeling I ain't did enough 20 years later. ESJ still a runner up deals on the table. Gang of zeros in my contracts I'm networking plus important people in my contacts on the east side.


Where you find me at? I'm in my parking lot. Used to flip corners like a laundromat. Haters like the nerve of this nigga. You better not say a word to That nigga. Plus he's still dealing with some issues fucking head up. You get lit up with this pistol from shooting dice to fist fights on the block and I'm still in the hood where I'm good bitching don't stop and everybody can't go. They all smoking mirrors my nigga this side. No That was hard. Well God damn That was hard. That shit sound like broken language or some shit was Jesus.


That was Hard. That's Black Dynamite. Two 11 and Jay Rock. Man. Absolute. Yeah I'm staying with some old older music. This is new old music MOP Face Off To depend on me situations. They say that a man's life be what? Be so twist the game around and now me, you control your destiny. You niggas keep testing me like you want me to show you how messy your mess can be. You still off whatso you your honey.


She ain there that to get my my hands on a gala today I think back about cats that have passed away. That's why I feel more constant blessed and I work what in this world more worse. Stress. I'm gonna mess with stress though. I put in it with finesse. Sometimes I feel as if my heart is coming out my chest. I smoke too many cigarettes and where me broke, wash some weight. No pain. Don't get straight off my brace against the weight we roll down here. Show down here a shoot down. It is like a gentle down here. That's why I sit back and I laugh at y'all when it's crunch on a front line.


I'm a blast from SA afternoon. I had to swear realize it's a girl half from you hear me talking to y'all. I on some you'll my wife dip my brain a little bit different from the first time I picked up a a little bit different from the first time I stepped on the stage. Take a look at me now. Winner in a race like center. Nobody me or change me. No reason.


You'll now tune to the works of Martin. Take two steps back gonna hurt. Who the Fuck that hurt? Ain't no kind rapper. It's slap type rapper type rapper. Really tight rapper. Four, five semi-automatic pipe clapper with them old Gs in it. Please don't get your shit twisted like babo with no trees in it. Fall back motherfucker. You can't beat me. It's the womac, the extension of dni. I'm into the game with some change for train. Twos a down bag, a 40. Look at they hitting the slow hoop riding and hoop. These looking mean yo big with caps but I keep 'em clean though.


I know them pros and cons. So I married the game now was mommy's little boy left to carry the name. I'm in the streets like a dope fe with a shopping Clark Phil, double copper. What the fuck? Don't stop fame. Y'all niggas keep waiting until they pop fame and hold your breath while you waiting. Bitch I got game. Niggas ain't feeling the fame. Bitch. Stop screaming. I'm the shit that felt good coming out when my pop semen hit the streets and thug with me no matter how runs sound. Nigga, you can't fuck with me too many dick brother that quick to go look bitch, I'm gonna let you know now you fucking with thugs. What the fuck you think this was? I'm what you want me to be. Stop fucking with me. Sell. I'm a nigga up the earth, nigga up the sea, nigga.


I'm the sky and fire. Y'all play fire. Come back at your it's and we it again. I ain't clapping over your head. I'm gonna make sure I pop something through. Giving motherfuckers also motherfucker. That's MOP. Face Off. That Was hard. I love that record. I love that record. Shout to MOP. Speaking of hard records real quick. Mark before you go or Mel, I'm not sure going next. Mark, go ahead. That snippet I played was the old game record last pod. Oh, I don't Care. I yeah, I I didn I forgot the song.


Like I had dramatic Fucked with dramatic. Yeah. I just, I saw the clip, I was like, oh shit. He's going right. They will not let me. Oh yo. It's I know. Don't care. Yes. Record. Still hard. It's still hard. Right Game can still rap. Rap. My point still stands. So we can let that go now. Please. Yeah. That Mark. What, what, what, what? What Cassidy dig. I'm going from this Mack Miller album, man. This whole album. Oh shit. This whole album I love. But I'm going with one of the, the Tear Jerkers to me anyway. Funny Papers by Mac Miller. Did No one ever teach you how to dance? Nobody ever taught you how to dance.


Well. Well everyone knows how to dance does. There's Only so much time. Yeah, somebody died today. I, I saw his picture in the Funny Papers. Didn't think anybody died on a Friday. Some angry banker or some kind of money trader recently divorced or drunk driving down the highway and drove off the bridge to his wedding song. Blew out the bass and the speakers. You could still hear the Trump going, Trump going. The hospital was useless and everything was quiet. But the music recently, I only meet peace, went in deep sleep in the same dream world. Safe smile on her face waiting on the other side. I wonder if you'll take it to the other side.


Yeah. What's your ic? 2 94. That'll screw you. Still betted all on the hall. I heard the shoving old drunk. All he said was he's in no rush. If I could just paint my rib by Tuesday, I bet I be by April the moons wide with a smile on face. Ugg conservations in the suitcase. Don't love silence. Everything quiet, but the music, Everything Quiet, but the music Everything. Quiet.


But the Music. Somebody gave birth to a baby boy. I saw his picture in the Funny Papers. 11 pounds named after his uncle Gabriel. His mother cried with her lips against his saw face. Watched Bri's bright eyes into this dark place. Oh sweet, sweet oblivion. Way before the information gets settled in. I swear to God, I never want to sin again. But I fear that The mind go with age. Don't surrender. My mistake got misplaced. All of my remembers baby. There's a little vacation in the dresser. Hey one for depression.


Name. Turn for your tapper. Just pay my rib Tuesday. I bet I be rich by April. Fools day. The moon's wide awake with a smile on his face as you smuggle constellations in a suitcase. Don't you love silences? Oh shit. Here come the icebreaker. It's danger when he's bringing out the lights. Saber the words awesome, but he's talking now the turn off and I blew the fuck up. Then became the world's problem. Bad hygiene. All about that gross life. Hate to see somebody fucking up their own life. Life. Roll the dice and put 20 on midnight. Have a feeling we gonna win tonight. Because when the snakes start slithering you spot the chameleons. You realize you surrounded by reptil innovator it.


That's back Miller Funny Papers. I think. Good outros for a while, musically. Which is beautiful. The album is, it's a solid album for For what It is. Poist. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sounds like a lot of demos. But they're still fire. 'cause he was, he put a lot of incredibly talented. Yeah, I like balloon rhythm. Yeah. I like be It's called Too Many Strings by Kiana Lid Day. Okay.


So much invested to win. Tell who when I turned So They cut off.


When you It is too many back to yo let you go and come back from more. Might as well be a rodeo. I hot that. I lose control. Don't ask. Shouldn't be this hard to up a, That's Keana la Day.


Too Many Strings, shots keana. Now this might not be the best time to say it. Oh God. You played that sleep after our waste time argument. It was a coincidence. Yo girl, that was a good It's go. You played Too Many Strings. It was a coincidence after R who wasted whose time To break Or was it Flip Love when Mel mad at me?


Look. Yeah, because She ain mad at him. He started it too. I don. I know. Flip isn't at. Look at flip. He threw Aade. He did a joie. He threw a Cade guy. I know, I know. I hate when it works on me. Hey, that's my move. Whatcha doing? Yeah, that's corny. I'd be wanting to tip him but then it wouldn't work when I do it. Holy. Oh man, Look flat. He happy as hell. So look at what loyalty looks like. How you bring it back on. That Niggas just up here and lie. He gonna reverse it over me down. I want no people. No, I'm telling, I'm telling, showing true.


Listen, this looks a great po I know y'all don't want to hear it, but y'all smoke today in spite of how y'all may feel right now. String Too Many Strings. Oh, The signs were there. I Was in Too deep with you. Too Many Strings. Man, you a champ man. You the champion yo. You the champ. So what would we be without you? Yo. Facts. You are the fucking champ. Facts. We got like, we got A big award. Some Shit, bro. If You just, the shit you take, I like, I like how should come back from it?


Parks. Parks be shocked. Like did she say that? She said, oh I, she said I forgot about that incident. She just reversed it again. It is like, oh shit. I just Try to stay out of it. When y'all get Doing that. She she trauma shit nigga. Yeah nigga, you can't beat trauma. Trauma like God cannot be drama. You can't beat. I just love how she did to Joseph. I knew what she, I was like good, well good boy's as good for his ass. Yeah. Then he tried to edit it out. She called the no no. Nah. Context nigga. That was funny. Peace, love and happiness, you know. There you go. All right. We be wasting y'all's time yo.


All I could get a pound again man. All ma. Yo, we be wasting your time all you got it. That's all we was your time. That's all. That's all. That's all we was. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I thought about it, You right that be us. Don't be my favorite bitches though. Wait, y'all trying to educate the good ones. We don't need all of them moving with intent out here. Yo. Nothing like a girl that sell her self a dream. Oh What? What? Oh my Lord. You guys Are dick Word.


Oh yeah. Record to the tag. Definitely refer to the tag man. Oh man Mark my niggas Mark got the fuck game is different. Yeah, mark don't do that again neither. Nigga check on me word yo. Why you check on me? I was squeezing my veins too nigga. I didn't see you. Alright listen man, great show. Great broadcast today. Hopefully y'all have enjoyed this broadcast as much as we've enjoyed delivering it to you. Keep us in your prayers. Especially me. Dead ass on game. Lord knows we all need to be there until the next time I bid. You would do Farewell Adio, Reva Dirt ua, simple head novels suffice.


Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this moment last as if it's all we have. And lastly, big mail. Hit it. Hit it like when I was going Big male. What? What happened? Lastly, come on, you can do it. The baddies Insecure. Come on, come on. There you go. Close minded put oh shit. You got be a y'all hold it down out then man. Hopefully everybody has a real good week.


Anybody got any fun? Week plans, week plans, week plans. Just preparing. Preparing. My baby birthday is Thursday. Hey Love you My mom. My mama. Let's go pick art. My mom Birthday is tomorrow. You know what I mean? Happy birthday. More reason to stay outta jail. Let's go. Let's go. Mark. Mark, anything happening with you? Nope. Just hooping. Parks. Chilling. Chilling. Be taking care of business. Oh, working overtime y'all. Every time one of y'all get in a fight with me, y'all start taking care of business anytime. One of y'all get mad at me at the job now y'all want to go take that other meeting you was putting on?


I'll show His ass. I'll show him. Motherfucker. I'm ready to sign to the black. Oh You are terrible sign. Alright Al Harrington. I'm ready now. I'm ready. Did you See that last sign? So that Motherfucker Yeah that's, that's bro. That's bro. Oh man. Hey what you start? What you start doing this and it pointing in her heart. Oh she got y'all, y'all nigga It is you and me. It is Joe and me. Today was by mistake though. I was just doing the Part of the Show. I ain't even even mean to, I had already got my male male trigger off. I was cool nigga took a side.


Alright, I don't think I have nothing else for y'all man. This was good and I ain't got nothing popping this week. I'm gonna go watch that Diddy dog. The ice recommended. I'm about to watch it too. Say see what's going on out there. And that's it. Man. Y'all hold a damn peace, love health, wealth and prosperity to all y'all, man. Remember Tupac kids of don't nobody else kids. We'll be back this weekend at same time, same place. Hey JPJP, JP.


Look, I got fucking small hands of soft mouth. Okay, I'm doing just Whoa. Whoa. Shit.