
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy. the show. I'm kissing them. Ya means you got striped throats, nigga, the Bronx nigga, stupid nigga. Stop throwing money and putting your fingers in your mouth and eating.


Look at your hands and throwing money. Yeah. Stop doing that. That tip drill. Eating the chicken wings. Yeah. Yeah. Stupid nigga, man. Nigga. Is that how we firing today? Yeah. Nigga Fire. You know I've been trying to stop. Keep playing. You guys started early. Early. You you talking about back in the day. What? Like kissing the yas? You know you kissed more than me. I do. All. That. That my ear was to the door. Don't play with me today. I heard you. I heard you fucking, this guy's an idiot. Tongue him dead. You heard the tongue to the door as stupid ass tongue.


You kissing the escorts. Who I'm asking you? He said his ear was to the door. I'm just, the escorts ain't come in the house. You kissed the escort stuff. Who? You fucked the escorts in the car? No, in the hotel. Oh, there's a family show, You, right? I know Y'all don't know It, is it? Yes. Oh, okay. It is also the weekend. Oh, what'd you say? It's the uncles. It's also the weekend. Hey baby. Free weekend uptime. Hey, been here with these full-time Dads bitches. It's a family show. And it's a family show. I thought so. And it's a family show. Crazy. It's a family show.


Nah, for real. How's everybody know? We good? We good? We good? We good man, we good? All right, Mel, you good? Yeah. Yes, I awesome. That didn't sound Happy. Birthday Thank. you. I'm It is slightly hungover, but I'm okay. Hey, big mail. Big male birthday. 48. 40. Great. Eight down Rain 8 48 down Rain. Yeah. Today. Today's your actual birthday. No, no. It was yesterday. Was yesterday. Antoine, today. I love this thing. So you probably, you probably missed an overwhelming outpouring of love.


You probably missed it. He don't be on social media like that. That's what I'm saying. Even though he saw my tweet, I don't know how he saw that. But you don't me on social media probably missed all of Did y'all, did y'all put it on a group chat? No, no, no, no, no, no. You gotta gotta get you in a group chat and man, yeah, that's my Passive aggressive way of Saying, you know what I'm saying? Like, duh. Fuck. The other day he told me if I did a a, a, what's the, the sleeper? I would be on the, yeah, I'd be on the group chat. And you and you smoked a sleeper too. Smoked it. Freddie Gibbs anniversary. And What did it get me? Nothing. Apparently I was actually going bring breakfast this morning too. I had This shit all lined up. Then I was going, I wanted to know y'all orders and I realized there was no group chat. I said Fuck them. Holy shit. Wow. Except Fuck every single one of them. Holy That Is That is Holy pig.


Feet and pork chops. Batman. That's what I've had. You just reminded me. Me too. Blueberries. Yo. Muted up Amazing Ice and Antoine and Mark, mute it up for a second. Please don't play yourself. I see you walking to the Plank. I see you walking to the Plank audience. Can we go? Looks like we start this show with an apology. We don't, From who you're walking To the it looks, it looks like we start this show with an apologies from my Newark brethren. What do you fucking know?


Just that fast. I told y'all my God, don't play about me. You Got it. I Got it. Please somebody have it. I We did all of that hooting in You wasn't here last episode about a great restaurant from Newark called Kings. Shout out to Kings, shout out to Anne. Shout out to Kings. Okay, shout out to Kings. She added you. I seen it. She added me. Added some others. With what? With a picture of Joe With a picture of fucking Joe button in case. Who would've where it come from? Funken. Where It come from? Where it come from? How recent is it?


Last week. That picture Is that he left The studio with Streak King. That that picture is from the Spotify deal. 20. When did we sign that deal? 2018. 18. Somewhere In there. Yeah. I'm sure she placed it there to replace the Def Jam autographed picture of me. I'm hand the ball that has always hung in Kings. No, let let Him get, lemme get shit off the ball. Off Shit off please. So what? So, so let me ask, just ask you brothers. Yes. Did y'all see a picture of Joe Bud in Kings? No. When I was In there eating nothing. No, no, no, no. When she sent it to you. Yeah. So current day right this second.


You Newark, nothings I bet You right this second. Throw that there you Newark. Fucking nothings. Yo, lemme ask you something. Who leaves a picture of a celebrity on the counter? One that they put up Here to take the picture real quick? Hey, The basement right? Shit outta here man. You don This shit. You know what, Hardy Hard. Yeah, right. Hardy hard. Keep going you Newark Fucking Neanderthals. So today on my family's good name, not either one of you guys. Angie is sending food from Kings for all of us.


Angie. Hey, clap it up for that. Sons an yeah. So now what happened? You fucking knew it. Nobody ass niggas. Watch y'all fucking mouth. What happened is watch y'all fucking mouth over here. Brian. Can they stage the photo? Shoot real quick. Yo. Hey y'all dog. We the biggest black platform in the world. If you say a nigga from Tim Buck two name nigga gonna see it. And guess what I'm gonna do if I'm from Timbuktu? Send some food, print out a picture, promote my shit. Shit nigga, get that Photoshop ready right there. Exactly. Yo, somebody gonna get a picture of Joe real quick. Hurry up is a hustler. And guess what I would've did too? Same shit. Hey Joe, what's up?


Your picture been here. Yeah, they, That's It. That's it. It's good man. It's honest hate these niggas is hating ass Newark. Neanderthals. Yo they are neander. What Neanderthals. Alright, let's see here. Let's see what we got going on man. Guess inspiration there for us. No, not at all. Ah, sad times. Damn. Some sad, sad times. Some Kendrick. We gonna be all right. There'll be sad songs to, to make you cry. Sad times man. Alright, let's see what we got here. Little Sex is more thrilling but it lacks a nutritional value.


Relationship. Sex is boring but it's healthier. It's like a piece of grilled salmon. Relationship. Sex, no one's jazzed to eat salmon, but you finish it and you're like pretty good. Single Sex is Panda Express. You walk in like this is gonna be excellent. The second it's over, I'm like, I think I'm gonna commit suicide. I think I'm a deeply unhappy man and tonight I end it all Critics need to hear this. Anyone who my political Awareness.


Automatic With. the, I just, let's call at the sky. We all know the Cokes still gonna fall from the sky. Puppy had a room with a wall full of pies. This is America baby. When we fall for the lies, we never had much, but we had us shout to wherever you might we the war police bag us. Be ready to kill one of you. Mags should thrown shots man. You still don't dag us The. thoughts on legalization And they trying to turn into a legal ation. Don't Jersey. Big, big told Cuban took a jet.


You know where I flew the crew drinks s that come with them brothers in the transition. Baby, that was the hardest part. Police throw me over with. Still with car. I ain't got this. I was really in field With the I was really cat.


come on shit. So I laughed. I keep talking funny. I keep talking nigga. Push belly dripping. When we on Energy check, shout all the hoods out there.


Bur mon all over the world. All over The way. Big Bear. Happy birthday, big Scorpio season. Clean my fancy job. My fancy and Briana in the high. No. Got Lined. Lined up y'all today.


98 Poppy. Y'all awake here. Y'all awake here. Y'all good? Y'all good? Y'all good? It is bird Gang money. Mark Gang money. Ri all nigga. Nigga. That's hilarious. The hardest. The first.


First. You're an artist. Wait a minute, wait a minute. A nice intro there. Wait a minute. How's a very Thank you freeze like that. This, this what I was on that night when they was doing the whole election shit. I threw Jim on man. I threw Jim on. I needed some sad like in my bag. Political aware but still hip hop, culturally sound. All That. I threw some Jim on man. Keep my fucking applause going for the best podcast in the universe. Fuckers. They talking about shout to all you clipping niggas out there getting money off the backs of all hard work. Shout out to y'all. Game is game. It is Christmas time man. The game is the game. Take take an extra 2,500 man.


Buy yourself something nice. Get your daughter. Nice little toga truck or whatever could buy in there. Ponka truck. Get your kids. So I'm old as hell, right? Truck to the daughters. Yeah me. I like that your was not as You know, get your mom so nice. Equal Opportunity. He didn't say a doll for the daughter. Tonka truck You Right? you right. come on that Don. Don't that shit triggered me. You gonna be triggered y'all. You ice fish Flip and Mel and Mark, mark, mark, mark.


Alright. Y'all know what time It is. You know who we be. You know why you are here. We know why We are here. Welcome, welcome, welcome all. Shout to the first and last time listeners shout to you. Hating ass niggas out there. Shout to all the parents. This is a family show. That's true. This is a family show. Shout to all you artists and entertainers out there. Shout to all you hedge fund niggas. Shout out to both sides left and right. Everybody join us. Join us. Sit around in, circle out. Oh you can't say that. Crisscross applesauce. come on, sit around, join us, join us. We gonna have a little, we gonna have a good talk today. I hope. I asked Brother Mark to join us on a Friday because this time next week I don't.


Let's get it outta our systems now. I know a lot of people were sad. What episode is this? 7 8 7 74. I'm almost at 800 on you bitch ass niggas out there. A lot of y'all quit after three facts. Stop fucking playing man in real time. That's not even counting the Patreon episodes. We really had like 1900 on you niggas. Stop fucking playing with us. Hardest working crew and show Biz Thank. you dig? Yeah. Dig. Gang is here. My guy Flip is here. I'm happy to have you nigga. What up Thank? you happy to see everybody? Big M four in the building. Happy belated Thank. you happy belated? I clicked the story last night. Alright, I clicked the story. Here we go Again. Party. Hello. Just, just some grown.


Wake it up. Just some grown and sexy fun in the city. It was Brenda, Keisha. Let's go Mel. Yeah. Hey big. We saw Big Mel Cleaned Off the roster. Hey, time shut Big cleaned off the roster. Dubbed all them fling ass nigga. It was Johnny Michael. Hey Steven. You like came out on him. Huh? See that shit right on him? Down. PD on the rocks dubbed freeze.


Freeze. Get the fuck outta here. Ah, you niggas was a September fling Yeah. man, fuck outta here. That birthday reveal. Ah. Hey. Hey yo. Make sure you posting it for your birthday off. New podcast. Let's get it. New podcast. Yeah. Hi Ball. Big merch. Yeah. Alright nigga came and upgraded you nigga. Backwards. Kidding. It's on his. I'm sorry. You look at that. Have you bladed Thank? you? I saw that. I appreciate that. We posted it man. Posted it. You posted a screenshot. Yo. Every time we big Mel up, you look like you eating tea and crumpy. Nigga smile. Nice smile my man. Smile. I don't even know what the fuck y'all Talking about.


It don't matter what You talking about her birthday. Don't start your goofy Shit. Y'all don't start your goofy Shit. Start with nigga. Here you go. Don't matter. Just clap nigga. I Did clap. I don't even know what you talking about. Okay, so flip's here. Woo. Yeah, no, no, no, no. Hold on. No. What we are talking about is you know it's a Friday. What we're talking about Saturday Mel, her birthday was yesterday. She posted on her stories, flowers and stuff like that. She said Thank you baby to whomever bought it for her. And on Twitter the people found her boyfriend Oh Shit. Who sent her the flowers? She added them. Yeah, I didn't see it. Yeah, you tagged him.


That's right. That how found Oh. Shit. She tagged him. My fancy cars. That is so stupid. Hey big man. He checked you. You go, you would you sit down. A different nigga was watching Yo bitch, shut that nigga. That nigga I kill you. She thought I on the far right where going. Oh my Lord. Don't be happy. You happy man. We happy, happy you look happy. This guy's That is what I'm happy about. What's the, is he part moving? Right? Big in building Big Swamp. Big.


He don't acknowledge nothing. Nigga is crazy. He don't acknowledge it. He don't acknowledge. I dunno who That is, nigga. I didn. Yeah Nigga about love s that boy is bad. He bad. That is bad. Michael Jackson bad. No, he been in the game for years. come on man. On Twitter all day. Just missed that. Yeah, he my shit. My shit was nigga, nigga block 90. Niggas miss that. Oh.


Shit Big freeze. Big freeze building. Best dad alive. We in the building. Y'all know the fucking vibes man. come on. He love his kid. All. That. That's a good thing. How you intro that and then come to me. Best dad in the world. He loves His Kids. And now Mark. Now Mark, honestly you have gotten yourself a little hive in your short tenure here. What did, what are they call in your hive? All the Hillmans. The Hillman. The Hillman, the Hill. Awesome. That's that's solid. That that's, I like that. Shout out to them. Whoever did that. I ain't seen it yet. Yeah, nah, you I'll take it. I'll Take it. They ing to you. Shout Mira's fine. There's Big Parks is in the building here.


Corey is here. Ericsson is here. Everybody that's here remotely is here. Tanner Avon. Most importantly, each and every one of you guys are here.


This episode is brought to you by Fueled, by Powered by, sponsored by PrizePicks. Pride Fits Game.


And there you have it. How's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling? What's popping? What's cracking? Cracking before we get to the real heavy shit. Man. My, my, my, my heart is heavy. I just got off the phone. That's why we, you know, we started a little, I apologize. I was on the phone. With the parent teacher, we do parent-teacher conferences even at preschool. Oh. He is trying to get, he trying to get Big dad too now. He love his kids now. Look at him. Kids Stop it guys. Idiot. They called me and they was like, you know your kid's good. He is really smart, really nice to the other kids plays well with others. He knows more words than the other kids. And they said, and he's so nice. Like the other kids come and they take his toys and he just stands there.


Oh. Oh. He doesn't, they say he doesn't cry but he doesn't, he doesn't try to fight them for their toys. And they were saying like, it's a good thing you Didn't like that shit. Yeah. Fuck. Nah, I'm about to text Joe. Like, I gotta make a run. I'll be back. God damn. What do you do when you're two and a half year old? I feel like they called him a bitch ass nigga. They called a poker. I feel like this, I feel like that's what just happened. That's what it sound like. If It was, that's what it sound like. And what, what can you do about that? Yeah. 'cause you don't want to, what you going do? Go square up With the 2-year-old. I know you not talking. I'm not beating up the 2-year-old. You gonna call his dad and tell de meet you in the park yo? Yeah. Yeah. It is yo. Oh man. The 2-year-old.


Yo. That's crazy. I feel like something needs to be done though. That's different. It is different. Do I gotta like do some drills in the house. Do you send your kid to school with under, under different instructions now? I might have to, we gonna have to do some, some practice sessions in the crib where I'm gonna snatch the toy and tell 'em to do something. You know what I mean. Something gotta happen the shit outta Right. Right, right. Something gotta happen. That's all. That's crazy. Yo, that's that's, that's the worst thing that happened to me this week. Then there was this whole election thing. A day in the life I started, I started my Health Journey day. One of my health journey. Let's go. Okay. All That consist of. Well Joe Mel had a little speech with us on one of those episodes about taking our health more seriously and investing in our bodies and and our wellness and fucking Cory that that was Cory's birthday gift to me.


Some fucking trainer. That's good. Oh wow. Yeah, So she had six 30 in the morning. Went up in there after. I ain't been in there. Where's There? It don't matter. I went in the gym. It matters. Nigga kicked my ass with some rubber bands. You did a little thought shit where you put it on the knees and Yeah. You was doing Buns of Steel. Did you do hip thrust while you were doing it? s not motivational nigga s go and and take steal.


That's dope. Tuesday summer. That's dope. Nah, that's dope. That's dope. How was it? How long you went there for? 90 minutes. 90. That's good. Shit, that's a lot for him today. No. No. Oh I was about to say that's today. You gonna sleep like a baby. My body is mad sore doing All That rubber band shit. Man. I'm old so A little resistance training the as bust your ass. Oh my God. Them rubber bands. I felt like such a loser. Why? But you know what they said? I got on A treadmill. I got on a treadmill. That shit is Hard. Nigga resistance. I Used to always go in the gym and look at the treadmill and judge them on the treadmill. Hey look at these niggas.


Did you walk on an incline? Nigga had you On incline bitches. Huh? Nigga Had you on an incline? I don't know. I don't know. Incline, Incline Going up. No, no, no, no, No, no, no. You stole running. No, just a little walking. Yeah, you might have Stolen incline. Yeah. Did you do a little stair Step or two light jogging? No, no, no, no. Dead Step Up. That shit whoop your ass boy. Yeah, that dead Shit is fucked up. You need to get a Peloton too. That's the shit. I got one. That's what I thought you was gonna say. Cory Butcher. Oh yeah. That's the shit that killed that 3-year-old. Yeah, I mean I I suspect you'd be better on it. Yeah. I hope. I don't know. He clumsy Yeah man. That's Why Mark got the Hillman ain't know he was funny like that Nigga stupid but, but real rap just some, they always say you can't outrun your mouth.


Right. So exercise is one thing, but if you ex a lot of people exercise and they still eat crazy and you don't get no gains. So you, you, you gotta cut. You gotta commit this week to cutting something out that you normally eat or drink. Oh No. The diet part I've been pretty good at. Oh where? Okay. The Diet part I've been pretty, pretty good at Nice. It is the rest of it like getting actually Active. Active. Yeah. Yeah. Can't leave it all to your blood pressure pills. Yeah. Hopefully you won't be taking them. Yeah. Word. Once you start doing the other shit, you, Your blood Pressure go down. So y'all, y'all gonna hoop. I realize that they don't want me to hoop. So when are y'all gonna do this one-On-One thing because I feel like they don't, who ain't want you to hoop? You hooping? He hooping. We gonna play 21. I think that's the move we do. King of the Hill. You know one in, one out, blah blah blah blah.


But we need a date. We need a date because I feel like there's some shit That is gonna go on to the spring like asap. Yeah. Before the winter comes and before he learned catches breath and All That shit. Right now I don't want y'all to do This shit. Catching my knees nigga. That's what I want y'all to play right now. Yeah. I ain't catching mine either Nigga. No we, I was looking at December one and December 8th. Okay. I just don't want, I don't want, I don't want us to fade. It is contingent on the gym. It's not gonna fade. Trust you. Me. Okay. Trust you Don. don ain't let You me. It ain't gonna fade. Ain't like that. This one will happen. Yeah because niggas come here and just get lives off on the podcast and talk to me in a manner in which they should never. So yeah we gonna fix that. We 100% fixing that don off on the podcast. Don't worry about it. We won hundred percent like having A triple double on Oak Hill. I feel like you should get a ref so you can't leave them in Triple double on Oak Hill.


That's Triple Double. Get the fuck outta here. Get them. I need some footage. Yo. You had a triple double Oak Hill Academy. Oak Hill Academy. The Oak Hill Academy. The prep school. Where all the pros go? Brian, er, Ryan, Mercer, Carmelo. That one? Yeah. Guess one. You he five nine. Look at Mark B I'm Incredulous man. This is a crazy ass This's some Ice Cube shit. You dress like ice cube. But like did you, when did you, yo, when did you, when did you have a triple fucking double Oak Hill Academy in high School? 10th Grade. Under what name did you use? Did you go to a different name? That's when they called me Tim Thomas.


That's when I was Shahe Hollow. Right. Yo used to call me Steph. Yo. Yo man. Yo, Yo. Look it up. I'm glad that my life It is funny like this. I totally get the laughs. I totally get the laughs. Look it up. Yo. He don't believe it. For real. Even though my teammate talking about whoa, whoa, whoa. Even though my team No, no, no, no. Mark is different. He don't have to believe it. Y'all actually heard from my teammate who was on the team who called and said this happened in A game. What team was this?


I don't believe him. I don't believe him. Loberg Prep. That was easy. I didn't believe him And I tried to Google it. Got it. We Got it. Don't worry. Could not Find you. I'm sure you got video of it. Don't worry about it. Hey, hey It is Okay. It don't even matter. It is in the past. It don't even matter. We all hoops in the past too far. It is in the past. You got stats somewhere? No, and I ain't gonna lie about him either. Hey, hey, after this game, boy, yo, what mom's the word? You gotta get a rough, I think for the rest of the year. He was very concerned About you following all the time. So I think you gotta Get right. This might be the most unathletic nigga. I know they slowmo slow. Why you think that? Because they slowmo that jump. So that's why I think it I'm outta shape. That don't mean I'm not athletic. That's exactly what that means.


No it doesn't. You're not athletic. Okay, not athletic. It's all show me. Let's wait and see. Show me nigga. I. gotta a ball in the trunk. Nigga get up Nigga. Take apart. What's up? You gonna stop playing with me? River Roll right there. Yeah, I'm gonna show You right there. Same way. You don't grab that monopoly board no more. Don't worry about it. I got a couple dollars on me. I went to a strip club last night. We can play Monopoly today. I'm free today. How to start to a Monopoly game. It is a basketball court's warm outside. Alright nigga we can play Monopoly then. I gotta the thimble nigga like don't play basketball. I I'm looking around the room to make sure, But we'll get to it. Listen, we have a lovely episode planned. No, I ain't forgetting Yo. Corey Ain't doing shit. He ain got no girl. He going home to what are you doing?


come on, let's get right to it. Let's do it. Let's get right to it. We ain't gotta run around, we ain't gotta run around it. The results to the election came and came fast. There was no suspense. He was in whoop, he he was in a lead fast and early and it was growing and held that shit. And it held and it was announced like that night. I'm used to today having to count votes, count the votes And shit. Right. Yeah. We was sitting there like, yo All maybe we'll get it in two days or so. No, no, no, no. Yeah, no. By the time I was headed to the strip club, that shit was called and they certainly had it up inside the strip club, the election and on big screen. Yeah. And Guess go ahead. Keep going. Yeah. Presidential viewing and a lot of people in the New York nightlife is trumped out.


Oh yeah, that's What I was about. Say the bartenders and the strippers are trumped Out. That's Exactly what I some of them Puerto Rican. No, a lot of them, the Hispanic community was going Some of 'em Puerto Rican. They went Big for Trump. Yep, They did. They were going crazy Now they stepped. Yeah. That island joke ain't mean shit to Them. Not at all. They Stepped, they were defending. There's A deep conversation to be had there. I'm just not the person to have it. But there is certainly a conversation to be had there about It is, you know, It is, you know, It is no rather that than Yeah. It is Yeah man. It's a deep conversation. It's a frustrating conversation for me man. Well, self hatred is a real thing. One and two, a lot of people is cool With the the, the rules of the game as long as they got a seat.


Yeah, but do they really have a seat? No. See what I'm saying? They don't have a seat. They just feel that their seat. Yeah, but you won't get one. They feel that their seat is higher up, that you won't get one. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Like we saying to let, I ain't the one to talk about it. I'm, I'm skipping it, but hey, if you listen out there, y'all can read my brain and know what I'm thinking. Hopefully. I mean, but you ain't wrong though. I mean, I I, to me we gotta, we been having a fight as a community, as a country about Kamala Harris and everybody says one thing or the other. Either she's not gonna win 'cause she black and a woman or she's not gonna win 'cause she's a bad candidate. Right.


And both can be true. True. And we don't have to pick between the two. And and that to me is the point. I don't think she ran a good campaign and I think she got ha handed a bad set of circumstances. A thousand percent. Yeah. She a hot potato for sure. A thousand percent. They, I was, that was the one thing that I was thinking that she inherited Biden's stink. Yes. As it relates to, you know, us giving so much foreign aid to Israel and also to Ukraine when our, when this country has so many significant problems. There's a homelessness crisis. There's, you know, you know hurricanes. Exactly. There there is the inflation, The migrants And All, That, I all the countries migrants.


It's just like, why are we giving away billions and billions and billions of dollars to fund wars, right. When our country, when the country's suffering. You know? And I think that that's what she inherited because she was part of the administration even though these were not her decisions necessarily. And that's the catch 22, right? 'cause if you don't attach yourself to Biden, then they say, what's your experience? So you say, I was vice president, I was here for all This shit. Then go was Here for all This shit. All, That shit. Everything There was, yeah, she was, she couldn't win for losing. I think what she could have done and should have done is separate herself from Biden on a couple key issues. Not all of 'em, but a couple key issues. Especially the stuff that we don't like. You could, you could say, yo, I I yeah. The student loans. Yeah. I was in his ear for that. You know what I mean or you know, getting, you know, treating, you know, black women's health issues better.


I was here for that. Right. We're fighting to get reproductive justice. I was there for that. But that war over there, I'm the one saying, let's stop it. And when I'm president, I will stop this war. But she didn't do that. She kept playing to the right. And that's the thing, I think that was the mistake. I said this last time, white people don't elect Democrats as president. Black and brown people do. In other words, nobody since Lyndon Baines Johnson in the sixties as a Democrat has won the presidency. With, the majority of white people, most white people are going to vote for Donald Trump. So what are you gonna do for your base and what are you gonna do to pull enough white people over to win? She went too far on the other end. So all the policies that she advocated were right-wing policies.


And so she abandoned the people who would've gotten her home that may have gotten her home. And people don't want that. The other thing is, the last thing I'll say about this right now is going into the election, only 20% of Americans said that they were happy With the direction the country was going in. Only that means 80% of the people were not happy With the, the direction the country was going in. And she's the face of that, of that direction. She's the, she's the bus driver. 'cause Biden stepped off. So you gotta show how you're gonna change the direction. And she just kept telling everybody, no, everything's fine. Everything's fine. And Trump is saying, when I was president, things cost less. You had more money in your pocket. There were no wars. And he, he's naming all these now Trump isn't telling the truth. Lemme stop here. No, he's not at All.


He's giving, he's giving surface level shit. Potential facts. But they were not as a result of you, they were just circumstance. Like, okay, we wasn't in war. But it wasn't because of you, prices were cheaper. It wasn't necessarily because of you. Like inflation is a real thing. So Yeah. Yeah. Like it was but he made it Look good. Yeah. You, you, you could make something look good. It's like in sports you could have 20 points. Everybody's 20 points ain't the same. It's some are empty points, some are real points. In this case, the, the numbers look good. But he wasn't responsible for that. Sure. You don't take credit. It is, It is like they say on a wire. Like you don't take credit for crime going up 'cause you gotta take credit for the crime going down or vice versa. Right. That's the problem here. And so under Biden right now, the economy is stronger.


Wall Street is stronger. There's a lot of great stuff happening under Biden. But I wouldn't give Biden all the credit for it. But, but, but that's what's happening. But they also do A horrible, horrible job of branding it. Yes. The Democratic party does a really bad job at tooting their own Horn. And the the, the crazy part too is you can ask her a question about the economy and she won't say what you just said, yo, the economy's stronger. Here, here, here, here, here under us. We had this economic growth in these sectors. B-B-B-B-B. She won't answer it concisely. She'll start talking about some other shit and they was throwing people off. You understand what I'm saying? Like, I think in my personal opinion, some of those votes were hers to lose or hers to gain.


And I think she just didn't show enough to win the people over that were middle of the road. And that's what frustrates me. Right. Because Donald Trump ain't answered a straight question ever. Not won, never ever in life. Never. So she's getting held to a different standard. Yes. He's Charismatic though. Yes. And his base is his base and he knew what his base was and he catered to his base. But some people weren't in his base. Like, I'm in the barbershop, I'm online, I'm talking, I'm in the cookouts and people are saying I'm voting for trip. They not his base and they still voting for, But what you just said was, the Democratic nominee has to win With, the blacks and the browns. The second that she loses some of those blacks and browns, it's insurmountable for her to win. Right. I'm just wondering why so many blacks and browns were persuaded by Trump and they've already seen what happens under Trump.


They, they, aunties and uncles died under Trump. They lost stuff under Trump and they still like, you know what, let me try that one more time. 'cause at least it ain't her. And that's the part that confuses me and frustrates me a little bit. And it's not just 'cause she's black and it's not just 'cause she's a woman, but that does play a part in it. That plays a part in a, a lot to me. I think that's lazy. Yeah. I Don't what the whole woman ar the fact that she's a woman. Yeah, me too. How so? Tell me why I'm trying To be careful with this. Yeah. I Don't want, I think remember I said this's both. But I'm saying I don't wanna, I don't wanna make that the only issue because I think there are a lot of people who think do, there's De it's definitely an issue. It is, I don't see that at all. Me either. Okay. I really don't.


That's crazy. There's, there's, there's a lot of men, men that expressed there's no way I wanna bitch in the, in the, in the White House, not a black bitch. I've Had people tell me that. Not the black bitch part, but but the just the woman part for sure. I believe that the numbers, the, the numbers dictate otherwise how So the amount of people that came out to vote for Kamala is the same amount of people that came out for the last few Democratic nominees outside of Biden who they claiming to have did something to his numbers. Yeah. That Had Her number 20 million Numbers magically outta Yeah. Right. But he was in the eighties. She was in the sixties. The sixties. Along with everybody else that ran. Are you of the belief that Michelle Obama could have won? No.


Absolutely Not. See, that's why I disagree with that. I Disagree with that. Every, every, I disagree with that she's popular because she's not running for anything. I'm not when she, well, I'm just saying when, when she was Barack Obama was running, they were calling her a monkey. They were calling her a ape. They were saying she was crazy, radical, all This shit. It's not until she wasn't a political threat that everybody started hugging her and loving her. Let Me ask you a question. That's very true. Let me ask, ask you a question. The votes that Kamala lost that black male vote, right? Some of that white woman vote, some of that Hispanic vote. Do you think that when Michelle Obama gets on TV and starts to running her mouth, she gains that vote? Depends on what she says. Depends on what she says. See, but that's And how she says it, That's where I think some people on the Kamala side are lacking accountability That matters, Bro.


Like it's It is I'm comfortable having this conversation. In hindsight during I wasn't, I didn't really feel great about lending my voice to some of this stuff because this is a really powerful platform. True. And podcasters clearly have helped to decide things in one way or another. For sure. When Dana White is up there thanking the Nel boys and fucking Aden Ross and whoever. See, but long before that, see probably one of the best things to happen to Trump was him losing the last one. Because I can tell you, as somebody that travels every year, my last two times in South Carolina when I landed at the airport, they cut down, they stopped the street streets, they shut the streets down because Trump is here talking to people.


My last time in Florida, like it seemed like every time I traveled, that dude was in a neighboring city talking to somebody. Bro. It wasn't just the Chef Gs and the trick tricks. He had his bases covered in terms of I'm hitting the potters, I'm hitting the big, the black entertainers, I'm hitting the white potters and I'm hitting the streets. He hit the streets. He did. And all he had to do was say, Hey, yo shit is fucked up. Nothing else mattered. Nothing else mattered. Nothing Else mattered. And To your point, With the economy, I'm sorry for cutting you off. You're saying the stock market is here. The stock market is there average everyday. Joe Schmo American, he spoke to them, don't give a fuck about the stock market.


That's true. They don't. So even if you're saying, yo, we hit these benchmarks in the economy, the average person don't resonate, don't feel it because fucking greens is higher fucking eggs. Brussel sprouts is higher, eggs is higher. That's what people are talking about. But unemployment is low. I mean it, It is, it's It is interesting. Unemployment is low. But that's a, that's a stat that can be played With. But most people have jobs. I'm saying most people have jobs. What kind of jobs problem? You got 40 year olds working at McDonald's now. So yeah, the the the, the unemployment numbers are gonna reflect that people are employed. But It is gainfully employed. Now you have grown people that need two jobs just to put food on the table for necessities. Yeah. And I don't disagree with anything you're saying. He, He spoke to those people.


Yes. Not just better. A lot better. Yes. And It is okay to have voted for Kamala and say this in hindsight, she came off as disingenuous. She did. And every time somebody tried to find a way to say that, the brigade popped up to say, y'all don't Like black women, y'all, y'all, y'all. Y nah, nah, nah. That's why I disagree. I think that you're right that he spoke to them better. That's true. But I think the caveat to That is speaking to somebody better doesn't mean you're speaking to them truthfully. Or with a solution. I'm with I'm with you. Doesn't matter. I'm I'm, I'm with you. I'm not disagreeing with y'all. I'm just pointing that out. 'cause I don't want, I don't want the audience to hear he spoke to them as if he has a solution.


I I know y'all not saying, I just don't want people to confuse that Donald Trump absolutely spoke and preachers speak to people all the time and take their money. Right. You can speak to people's pain and, and say it wrong. Kamala Harris, I agree with you, is not as charismatic, is not as good a candidate. Neither was Hillary Clinton. Right. But the other thing here is, it's not just that, but Hillary Still got up there and tried to address the concerns. She answered question. Yes she did. I I think She did too. She she answered the question we telling you or answered question there. Or there's people out there saying, we did not get that from Kamala. I'm, I'm not disagreeing. I'm I'm asking the why though. Because sometimes two candidates can say the exact same thing and we can hear it from one person and we can't hear it from the other. Cool. You know why? Because I resonated with you with some level of relatability.


Right. And I'm saying that there were a lot of attacks on Kamala Harris in addition to all the stuff y'all saying, which is true. Again, I ain't disagreeing with nothing y'all just said, but on top of that, some of the people's inability to hear her was because of she's a black woman. Right. Because of the, the, the, the, the, the package she comes, it's not just her being a black woman. It's about class, it's about race, it's about gender, it's about her coming after Joe Biden's ministry. It's a lot of factors, but yes, race and gender matter. But she never, to your earlier point, spoke against that. So when they very directly asked her, Hey, are you gonna do the same shit that Biden did in regards to Ukraine and fucking Israel? She begg him up and she said yes, she Begged him up. Yeah. But, but what I can you say Mark, Mark That is a crucial mistake. I agree. That Is a crucial, crucial mistake.


I think in the 25th hour she did say that she was gonna try to help With. the Israel situation Was Mark, let me ask very, I have to ask you a question because I know that you, you have been talking about Palestine for a really long time, even before all this happened. Oh yeah. So I wanna understand the ramifications of vocally expressing this. Let's just say I'm her, what is happening over there? That's a genocide. And I am not, and, and if I'm president, I am not gonna support it. I will not be sending any more aid to Israel. They are on their fucking own. What would've been the ramifications she loses? She Would've Lose 50 states.


Damn. There. Right. So, so, and that's the, IM that's all I'm saying. She's in an impossible position. And, and the reason she's in an impossible position is you cannot be a US president and win without supporting Israel. There's never been a president who's won an election that hasn't supported Israel. Trump supported Israel. Trump supported Israel. In fact, on the debate stage with Biden, he said, I just want them to finish the job. In other words, I I would go even harder than Biden and Harris are. But the activists and the people who want this thing to stop are asking Kamala Harris to do the right thing and stop funding it. She's like, I'm she, she can't do that right now. I'm not defending her on that. She's wrong on that. That's why I, I respect people who say I'm not Voting. But that's a problem. That was way that proceeded her Exactly. Far into the past.


But, but the Problem is, but it became her problem. Her she inherited it. Right. And Trump didn't inherit that same problem because to Joe's point, the people on her, on his side. And your point 'cause it distracts people. Well, no. And the people on his side don't mind what Israel's doing. Exactly. It's a right wing position. Yeah. But the problem is the left has taken it too. And that's my issue with Kamala Harris. I was just about To ask you, is it really a, a right wing position? It is a right wing position in theory, in practice. Everybody does it. Okay, cool. Thank you. Yeah. You know, and in practice everybody supports Israel the same way. And so, but, but Kamala Harris got punished for, in Michigan, you got Muslims voting for the guy that created a Muslim ban. And they're literally like, well you can't be any worse, bro.


That's crazy to me. How are you Muslim and, and voting for the guy that created a Muslim ban. So Does that not speak to a disconnect somewhere? A huge disconnect. So Why we tap dancing around it like Dog man, there was a Disconnect. Huge. I ain't saying that's not Yo dog. He, the the New Jersey numbers look different than they look different. They getting Jersey, Jersey swing, swing, state. And you know why? Yeah. Like, and you know why that ain't Jersey? Because every, that's not New Jersey though, for the people that are unfamiliar with new True. Yeah. No way. That happened to New Jersey. And you know what though, to your point, he lives down the shore. He damn man need to have a shore house. That's how much Donald Trump was talking to his base the entire time he was down the shore mad times this year.


And they love him down there. He's like fucking Uncle Arod Down there like yo Dog. He's a big deal down the shore. So again, he knew his base, he attacked his base, he kept them. And if I could swing a little bit more people over here, it's a, it's a shoe win. I Just, and you get more people just by saying, like I said, yo shit is fucked up out there. True. Somebody hears y'all basically Easy targets. Blame it on the migrants. Blame it on. Like I think I saw on CNN that he put more money into the anti, not the anti the trans ads. The Yep. Kalo gives, I was about to free trans Surgery in jail. Like that's such a small segment of the population. But he invested so much money into, It's because it's a small segment of population.


The trans people. It It's, it's a Very small Yeah. And he turned it to black people too. People who have strong feelings about it. Exactly. Exactly. Whether you are trans or not, people's emotional attachment to that particular topic was making people vote for Sure. So if you ask somebody though, dog real conversations, like, I got friends that voted for Trump. And I would ask them, yo, why did you vote for him? And you know what they did? They only say one thing. Whatever that strong thing that they feel strongly about, that's their one thing and they hold onto it. And that's their justification. And that's, that's how fascists work. So when you start talking about the Muslim population or the Islamic population and you start talking about some of these transgender topics and some of the homosexual topics and stuff like that, that's enough for some of them to vote.


And same thing, she really didn't address the migrant situation either. And that's something big for a lot of people. And as much, much as we laughed at him for that black job shit, it worked. Right. What he was trying to say resonated to those people that showed up. Showed up him. It did like a dog whistle. Again, I I just think that people had their minds made up. Yo Also maybe why the fucking bartenders in the nightlife people was Trump. Trump, Trump, Trump trumped out and some of the other people that we may know the Tip shit Deregulation. Oh, that too. Lemme ask You a question. All we don't have to, you're not talking to people that are politically savvy. Yeah, true. And I'm not, I'm not either, please.


Sure, sure, sure. But the word degradation to people in nightlife that's looking there for the last four years, seeing customers leave and leave with no money to throw it just tells them Oh Shit money coming back. It's Gonna be easier to do things. It's not though. It Is, It is not, It is It is all a big lie. But it's Not. But the tip thing, the tip thing was big. The tip thing Was big. Yeah. Even this is the thing what Donald Trump did to me. Even if I'm lying, even if I'm lying, you making it sense. And I know I, so I can't do these things. Yo, look, we gonna knock the Empire State building down. No you not. But guess what? It sounds great. Same with building the wall. Same shit have Mexico, his hooks, He found his hooks just like a hit song.


Yep. This is the hook. This is my image. This is what I'm, it don't matter what, what the lyrics are, don't matter. I gotta a bang beat. And I got a nice hook. And there It is. And that's What I'm, you know what, and you know what, it also seems like running a campaign on the promise of hope doesn't work anymore. Doesn't Work For her. No, it Works for Obama. He sold Hope. No, no, no, no. I understand it worked for Obama. But it's different now. It is not You know what I mean. The country Was fucked up when Obama Got it 'cause of George W. Bush. He wasn't, we were fucked up. So I'm gonna sell hope. People look at the country now, like it's fucked up. So Donald Trump said, I'm gonna sell hope to Joe's point. Yo, it's fucked up out here. And people are saying, yep. And it's fucked up out here because y'all, I'm gonna fix it.


Y the way he I'm gonna fix it, y'all. That's Not That is that 100% is hope. I'm gonna fix this. Y'all fucked up. We could call the spade. We That, that's hope. I understand what you guys are saying, but I'm talking about hope as in as spoken about as a virtue. You know what I'm saying? That kind of hope that he was selling was almost vengeful. That's what I'm trying to say. I get what It is like. It has a very dark but you undertone to, to it. That's, And and here's my point with that, and I agree with you. Actually, He won in a clean sweep. I two one the House. The, I'm dis I'm not, I'm not the popular vote. I'm not disagreeing. He won every Unknown.


I'm not, I'm not disagreeing with any of that. I'm Yeah, but that stubbornness from that side, I'm just It is Part of why this clean sweep has gone this, this way. I'm sure you're, you're you're, you're de you being desensitized to your base. Yo I could say it now. On election night, I sat back and thought about her campaign and was offended as a black man. Why? Me too. Because now is not the time for Cardi B. That's why. Mm. Now is not the time for Meg thee stallion Is the time for Trick. Trick or Amber Rose. Yes. Yes. When you're Donald Trump. Yes. Yes. What I'm saying is they rose, The Amber Rose move. No, the trick, trick move is better than Amber Rose. Move all of them.


'cause he didn't skip A beat, lemme tell you. But They doing the same strategy. You just like it from one and Not from the other. Yes. Because guess what, what's I'm about to explain not his side, Donald. No, no. What I'm saying then why you insulting from one and not the other? That's I'm saying lemme explain. Donald Trump going to get trick. Trick as a white man. Trick. Trick is damn near the emperor of Detroit. It speaks to me trying to reach the black male urban vote being in tune. I'm in tune with, with my, that's it where my, my weaknesses are. So let me try to go attack some of these weaknesses in a major Michigan state. I'm going to the biggest city or the most important city in Michigan, which is Detroit. And guess what I need? I need that black vote because Obama and them one Detroit, I mean Michigan.


Pardon me. Right? So let me go over here to the nigga. That is the fucking mouthpiece of the city and get him to endorse Me. Okay? Now, now, now compare that to Kamala, right? She's trying to, she's trying to get white women votes, right? She's trying to get young people vote who she's lost instead of why not bring Beyonce? Look, instead of Getting Wait, wait, wait, wait. You missing and Taylor Swift and Taylor Swift. Wait, you Beyonce, you missing, you missing, missing our point. You missing something That's totally contradictory point Trump. And I don't wanna sound like I'm trumped out. I'm not, neither, neither. That was not my vote. Now That is not my way. Me neither. But when he fucking brings trick, trick out, you add that to yo shit is fucked up out here. He got that message to mad People, black men. The end black Men. But that's not the point I'm debating.


We we're talking past each other. No, I'm agreeing with you. We Talking past each other then you're not responding. She, I did Told Beyonce. I'm, I'm responding. I'm not responding to your, the question about the effectiveness of it. I'm responding to the reason that, or the fact that people are insulted by it. I'm saying I should be no more or less insulted by trick, trick trying to get me to vote than by Beyonce. I'm saying that's not true. Saying I I'm just telling that's not true for, for, for me. They're both problematic. Right? That's not true. I don't need celebrities. Tell me how to vote. I want you to talk to me about policies. What I'm saying is they all use the same playbook. Every presidential candidate gets, gets celebrities. They all get popular. They all do the same shit. But somehow when Kamala does it, it became, oh, this is insulting. Oh, you're not talking about the issues. She did the same thing everybody else did. Now maybe she should have done something.


Different's Cat Moore. I'm not defending her strategy. It's A big difference between trick, trick and Beyonce. Beyonce is a billionaire Trick. Tricks not that trick, trick representing Donald Trump. It is not the same thing as Beyonce representing Kamala has. I'm talking about. But why are you insulted by one and not the other? That's the thing I'm talking about. I'm, I I'm Insult. I'm not disagreeing. I'm insulted because the black lady that was running didn't find a way to speak to me. That's why I'm insulted. She literally created like a whole plan Specifically that did not resonate with no black men. Mark came up here and read the 10 things that she did. Okay. So, and none of that shit resonated with nobody in the interstate, man. Okay, so tell me. And I think she spent too much time on, on on policies that honestly the, the consensus didn't overall rock with like, okay, okay.


The abortion issue is Big. It's huge. Huge. That's big. I don't think enough people out there gave a fuck about it. No. I think that their issue that they cared about outweighed Abortion. Who was that joy? What's the name? Joy Reed. Joy Reed. Yeah. I love her. I love, I love her. Until she was sad up there looking, looking silly. But Joy Reed was like, yo, it ain't, it ain't us. That grew up on Hulk Hogan and, and the rest of that eighties, shit that's affected. Really? I did. Those people had kids. They not looking for more kids. They got jobs, they got money. They not those, those people came out and voted in support of what they rocked with.


It is the younger It is It is them niggas that's about to be fucked up. It is the, I don't know, the, what is it? The xs the millennials, just everybody after us. Right? That gotta deal With. the ramifications of whatever he about to do in here Do Donald Trump went and spoke to the poor. He did the 10. The, the plan that Mel is talking about. She, she talked about cryptocurrency training. Dog niggas. Don't give a Fuck about that. She also talked about legalizing recreational marijuana and creating opportunities smack in the face. Insult. That is smack in the face and It is a smack in the face. Insult. Insult. Okay, lemme ask You, right? So lemme, That is a smack. So what did but acknowledge black, black men saying to you, insult That is insult.


That is the smack in The face. That is insult that you think that's So that's gonna incentivize us to vote for you. No, No. So, so here's my, as a black man, my issue is not that. Right? I would have 10 other things listed. Of course you would. My issue is when with with Trump, we're, we're satisfied with him just saying, yo, it's fucked up out there. I hear your pain. And here's trick. Trick. And here's trick. Trick. Because It is no plans. No nothing. But with, but with Kamala, y'all, y'all are breaking down the specific policy points that she's offering. And, and, and that's not enough. But she's not addressing the problem that we've experienced. But neither is Trump. He's just, It is fucked up. That's Mark said. So how was, how was Trump addressing the problem?


Problem You, Right. And what I told you two weeks ago last week was, yo, when Obama ran, when Clinton ran, when Bill, I mean, both Clinton's ran. Yeah, yeah. Fem, the majority of the people are not listening to the policy. The majority of the people don't even understand the policy. They want the hook. They want the beat and the hook to which Parks is saying, Donald Trump came out and gave him a beat and gave him a hook and they could give a fuck about the lyrics. They danced to the song. But My issue is not that. It's that y'all then saying he's a great lyricist. That, that No, nobody's saying that at all. Mark Martin, let Me give you an example that directs that That is directly related. He's trash to New York. Day one. He's on his DMAs. DMAs.


Deportation. Deportation. Deportation kick, right? Yeah. New York. I'm only speaking for New York 'cause I had this back and forth with Jose the other day. We are too densely populated for you to continue to drop 500,000 people. Talk about it. Talk about it. Yes. New Yorkers for the last two years have said it. Look, so regardless if you are on the left side of the aisle Yeah. Or the right side of the This Ain't right. Resources are being New York. He's right. That's, that was a concern. It's a problem. They didn't address it. I, didn. They just kept dropping niggas off. I did. So he don't have to say much.


All he gotta do, yo It is mass deportation. That's what he gotta say. I'm getting the migrants outta here, y'all, but I don't wait. And then the Latinos who also feel a way about them niggas coming in. I don't give a fuck if we here legally. Not legally. We don't want dumb motherfuckers coming. Wait, the Venezuelans is here. Yeah. True. True. That's it. Wait to finish. Way they letting the finish weight. Lemme tell You this Dead as don. come on. I Saw some shit that said dog. To to, to deport a million people, it takes $88 million.


Yes. Nobody gives a fuck. I'm talking to their emotions. Even if I can't do it financially, 'cause it's gonna be too much of a financial burden on the nation to do it. I'm gonna tell y'all I'm gonna do it. Right. At least I'm gonna tell y'all I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna make y'all gonna, even if, even, even if it's racist And illegal Telling you now, why? Because take the racist part out and take the illegal part out. When the resources are being drained in New York City, you might not have a racist bone in your body Exactly. But you can acknowledge that the resources are being drained in the city. Yeah. And, and that's, they go to the migrants. Everything you're saying right now is not in outta line with what I'm saying. I understand that Trump spoke to certain issues, even if it was the wrong way, issue that people heard.


But what we were just talking about, and what I'm disagreeing with y'all is two things. One, this idea that Kamala wasn't speaking to our issues or the way she spoke to him wasn't salting. Whereas Trump somehow was, was getting to the heart of the matter for me is problematic because we're holding 'em to different standards. All Trump ever did was speak to, was preach to our emotions and say it's fucked up over there. And as all fascists do, he says it's fucked up over there. And you know what the problem is? It's not me as a billionaire, quasi billionaire. It's not Elon Musk over there. It's that Mexican over there that's taking your job. It's that poor person over that's taking your job. It's, it's the, it's the same gender, mixed gender bathroom that's fucking your, your your culture up. All these ridiculous things that don't make a whole lot of sense to you, to anybody.


They Make no, they don't make sense to you. come on man, because you are a logical, so guess what? The Democrats win every fucking year. The college educated, blah, blah, blah. Quasi professional. Oh yeah, I know, I hear what you're saying. You're right. You're right. But you not acknowledging it. Don't do that. No, you're missing my point. Lemme let, lemme lemme say my point succinctly. I agree with you that com again, and I started with this point, Kamala Harris was dealt a bad hand. She inherited a bad administration. Number one. Number two at the last minute, at the last minute. Let That be our default point because we understand that That's, that's why we getting that out the way. Yeah. I don't want it to sound like we kicking her in the back. She was dealt a horrible hand. And that's Biden by. But even that just shows that you're not, there was nobody acting in concert.


It's the D nnc. It's Not even just Biden dnc. It's a horrible, and she probably shouldn't have been nominee, but that's a different conversation. Point number two again, that I said she ran a bad campaign. Remember I started there Thank, you. Yeah, you should. You did. I did. So, so I'm not disagreeing With the things y'all are saying, but I'm saying we can't ignore point number three, which is that she was also treated unfairly by virtue of who she is. And I'm saying that y'all are dismissing 0.3 and say no, it's just one and two. And I'm saying no, these things happen in conversation with each other. So for example, we've been bitching for decades about black men getting locked up Yes. About black men getting locked up for drugs. And we've been complaining weed specifically weed specifically. And we've even talked about drugs in general.


Drugs in general. Yeah. But, but, but, but now, like hold and be rapping about how like You know what I mean as peoples get locked up for weed while people, while white men are getting rich off weed. And so what Kamala Harris says is, well, you know what, let's stop the imbalance where white men get rich off weed and niggas get locked up for weed and let's actually invest in black men getting part of the business. And y'all say that's insulting. Whereas if Trump said the same thing, people would be like, brilliant. Applaud him for That. He wouldn't have said the same. Hey Mark, lemme tell You, but he does say the same thing. The only difference, he don't only difference weed. No, listen, lemme, he Doesn't want rich people to have it should Share with poor people. Let, let ask you this. If a white man came in here and said something to you and then I said something to you, we could say the same exact thing. How you receive what I say and how you receive what that white man says that don't come from your neighborhoods, that don't identify with you.


You are gonna look at him totally different if we say the same exact thing. Yeah. But if he's, but if he's right, ultimately do I follow the advice? My point is you Are you just skip my point. No, I'm not. Would You, would You not take the same exact sentence coming from me and coming from the white man? Different. It Would depend on what the thing was. Example. Yeah. I could say, Yo, you need, you fucking know better because you from where I'm from, that white man's supposed to be talking. That white man could say that he's supposed not get me. Exactly. But what I, He's supposed to not understand and supposed to not know how to resonate. True. But what I'm saying is, at the end of the day, after you get past the, the, the emotion of it that you just described, who has the advice or the plan that's best for me? They Don't Care. No, no, I understand that. And I'm saying Everyday people don't care about that. The everyday people don't care, bro.


People are cutting off they family members over voting. But listen, That is emotion. No, but listen what I'm saying, he spoke to their emotion. I'm not dis y'all are still on. That's, that's 0.2. I'm, that's The main Point. I'm not disagreeing with that. What I'm asking point, what, what I'm asking y'all to consider is part of the reason why people get to 0.2 and believe Trump is because of the package he comes in positive and what he looks like. It's because of the fact that he's right. It's the fact that Kamala Harris is not, I agree. They trust Trump in a way that they don't trust Kamala Harris. But we also have a history in this country of not trusting black people. And we have a history in this country of not trusting black women. So if a black woman comes and says some shit, or a black man sometimes comes and says some shit it you do, you hear it different. You talk about, I might hear it differently from a white man. Yes. But you know what else? Don't nobody love white people more than black people.


And sometimes white, white people can say some shit to a nigga and we will, we will buck dance for 'em. We will smile. We'll give my money, invite into the fucking cookout, invite 'em to the cookout for the smallest of things. That's true. And then we hold these black people to an impossible standard. All I'm saying is I look, I mean, I won't say that, but No, that's true. I'm a green party member. I'm not a Democrat. Right. I don't go out here voting for Democrats every, every year. That's not my, I'm not here defending the Democrats. I'm just saying, let's be honest here and say that some of This shit had nothing to do with policy. And It is, It is not None of it. We are saying it didn't have anything to do with Policy. Right. But y'all are saying it's not policy. It's that Trump had had the, had the, the J seis and, and she didn't. I'm saying that shouldn't have seis. The numbers Are telling you that. It's not us telling you that. Lemme ask You. right. But I'm getting, I'm saying the why.


I'm not disagreeing With. the what I'm saying. Here's why, why She didn't have that because she's A black woman. I'm saying it's part of it. So why did Obama, that's of it. So why did Obama win? Yo, you took it to fucking throw out my brain. So why did Obama All That shit that you just said? So why did Obama sell Obama Obama out and record numbers? Niggas that never voted in their fucking life, they first time coming out to vote was for Barack Obama because he resonated With the people, bro. Yes. Which is number two. So stop, Stop blaming it on race. Obama would've smoked this nigga's fucking boots. I I, I think you might be wrong about that. Dad, stop. I think you might be wrong about that. And I hate to tell that not A black man to a black woman. We just can't, bro. I The Gender Michelle Obama smokes this nigga boots or fares way better than Kamala Harris.


He absolutely fares way better than Kamala Harris. I said Michelle Obama. Oh yes. I I I'm not willing, I don't agree. Here's, here's why. I don't want to bro bring Michelle Obama in. We haven't seen her in the political space yet. That's true. And so I don't know if she'd be good. I don't know what she would say. I don't know if, unfortunately there's a lot of other factors. Unfortunately we didn't see Donald Trump in a political space either. I think in the, which in the highest, you know, seen all levels of, of politics. Unfortunately we are at the point where that celebrity shit kinda Works. Yo, lemme tell you what we've seen. It's fucked up to say we've seen Michelle Obama speak. Yeah. And we've seen the reaction from her speaking. Yeah. And in one speech that she made, did you see any reaction from any fucking speech Kamala made the whole entire campaign that got the same Exact reaction as Michelle Obama's one speech.


Only her last one. Her last one did. But, but your point No, no, no. I'm, I'm conceiving the point. No, I'm saying yes, but only her final speech. In fact, everyone has said her, her concession speech was the best speech she's ever given. And also can we take into consideration, it's a completely different time when Obama was running for office. Michelle, Michelle came out on this Campaign. I know she did. I know. And I watched how she spoke and I won. I saw the reception to it. But Mark's right, we don't know what she would be like as a candidate. That's true. That's true. And also, when Obama was running for office, it was a completely different time in this world. It just was, you have to take that into account. You know what the time was, Mel 2007 versus 2024? No. The, you know what the time was Mel Troops Not right now.


You know what the time was, the country was fucked up when nobody was wrong. I know. Change gonna come. He inherited the fucking bailout situation he Inherited that I Inherited. I understand Donald Trump inherited a shit storm. And he said the same fucking thing I'm going to give you Guys, I Trump didn't inherit a shit storm You to the, to the I'm not in your brain. It is my work. But Look, the shit storm he inherited was a nigga was president and this Yes. But the people, yes. People have The Knowledge. What? Wait, are you telling me that Maga and Donald Trump, didn't he come out, didn't emerge because a black man was president? Yes it did. Yeah. Mean come on. It Did crazy. It Absolutely did. And that's why I'm saying we're comparing apples to oranges.


I'm saying that Donald Trump is the response of a country that saw black man as president for eight years and wasn't really that comfortable with it. That's A fact. And That's, to me that's way, if you look at the rise of hate crimes, the rise of organ of, well you couldn't run again. But, but, but they didn't want another one. Couldn't yt know what this does? That's, that's probably day one of the Democratic party discombobulation. Y'all need to find the next rising star. Yes they Do. Y'all Need to Find the next rising. To be Fucking honest with you, Joe Biden should have never been the fucking president. He shouldn't have to be totally honest with you. The Democratic party drop the ball on the candidates both fucking times. Bernie Should Have been Bernie. Bernie would've never won. I know. And they knew that. But yo dog, the Democrats need to go find some young motherfucking, He got some now, but they Couldn but they couldn't go around Kamala Harris this time, which is a interesting strategic thing.


Gavin Newsom the governor. It was a money thing. The governor, well, it's a couple things. It was a money thing. The governor of California would've absolutely fared better, I believe than Kamala Harris. I didn believe that too. But here's the problem. She's the sitting vice president. You cannot have a white man go around a sitting vice president who happens to be a black woman. And black women voters are, are not gonna be happy with that. And, and most black voters wouldn't be happy. So then you fragment the party and you create a war. All Black people, but not black women. They Would've been tight. Black people would've eventually come around. Black women would've Tight. Can I say something to you real quick? Here's the problem for somebody who's not into politics, my problem with you, the thing is that we, we, you're not addressing the fact of this, this points that she didn't hit. You're just basically blaming it on color.


And women. I'm not at all I'm saying mean. No, you're not. You're not. I'm saying she didn't hit and it's, it's, and it's, but you're saying 'cause she's a black woman and stuff like niggas don't want hear. Lemme ask you, lemme ask you a questions. Do you think that her being a black woman hurt her at all? Niggas don't want to hear that mob. Lemme ask you a direct question. Do you think her being a black woman negatively impacted her at all? I don't think we thought about that. I don't think. No, I'm saying everyday person. I didn't think about that. You don't have to. No, I'm saying now. Now it's, now that it's over, do you think, lemme ask you a question. Do you think being black and a woman makes it harder to be president than not being black and a woman? I can see your point. Yes. Right. That's all I'm saying. I'm But you're hammering that point. The point tell you, there's a lot of issues out here that Donald Trump resonated, With the people with.


And I'm agreeing with that address. I'm not disagreeing with that point. I'm just telling y'all that part of why they resonated wasn't 'cause he's such a great communicator or 'cause he's so brilliant. 'cause he's a black woman. He's not a great 'cause. She's not a white man, Bro. He's not a good communicator at all. That's My point, man. I'm sorry man. I'm what I'm Telling you, you is tell me their marketing team that they put together, it touched people, emotions, people's, pardon me, emotions in a way that she did not. And they had four years to strategize. That's all they've been doing. That's all. Lemme give you an example. Lemme get into interview wise. Right? That sounds Planning on the other Side. It is the simple fact. Yo, lemme ask you a question. Lemme ask you a question with Donald Trump on, hold on. That's fault. I'm sorry. Okay.


Interview wise, we're talking about everyday viewers. Donald Trump sat there through old ass fucking white man three to four hours sitting down talking. And Kamala looks like, Kamala looked like a hour. It was rushed. Like it didn't look like that she spent time or she was even interested in being there. It looked like she, to me, when I watched it, I'm just, listen, I I didn't resonate with it. No didn didn't resonate with Trump neither. But I noticed, I noticed the time. Right. I said, damn, he's there, he's there for a long time. It it, it kept me. But she's done a million interviews. Yeah, I'm just saying. But he done a million too. I'm right. I'm not, she's a woman. Mel. Mel, can I ask you question again? Oh, Mel, can I ask you a question? You are the resident black woman in the room.


She is. When Kamala Harris interviewed, she touched you. Yeah. I can't Yes. You wanna know why? Because Yes. It's good enough. No, and I'm, I'm just gonna give an example as to why. Because I understand what it's like to be held to a standard. You can never, ever, ever, ever reach. I understand what that feels like. And I'm sure everybody in this room understands that in some capacity and has experienced that at some point in their life. But as a woman, you, there's, it's, it's either or all the time. You know what I'm saying? We are conditioned from a very, very early age that we can never be All the things That is expected of us.


And That is why she resonates with me and why she resonated with women. You know what I'm saying? That's, that's why Lemme Lemme give you an example. Lemme give you an example. I don't mean finish, Bob. I, and I I just wanted to say this as well. Every man in this room probably, you know, I, I I believe they voted. You all voted for Kamala. You know I did. I did. And so you were voting for, you weren't necessarily voting for her, you were just voting for the alternative to Trump. So that's not really true. Okay. Maybe, okay, Comment. You want Me just say This? She in our business, Let me just shut up. I got some shit for you. I voted For Biden 'cause he was the alternative to Trump this time. I voted for comic because I actually liked her.


Okay. And the fans brought up how you came on the pod and said you was trying to get neutralized, naturalized, neutralized. One of them episodes where you was going through the process and you ain't finishing. Okay. Hold that thought. Hold that thought. Okay. Because we get to that. Get out my motherfucking business vote. You could Come on. Let finish man. You Could have helped. So, so when it comes to you not being able to view, you know, not seeing issues With the fact that she's a black woman because you were raised by a black woman. So it would make sense to see a black woman in a position of power. True. It would not offend you. You would understand it. By and large, the exit polls showed us white men overwhelmingly voted for Trump.


Latino men overwhelmingly voted for Trump. He increased his base in those two fronts. And that, that could be a very specific reason. Because those two men, especially Latino men, not to be stereotypical, but I'm stereotype. Okay then I'm, I'm then, Well you don't even got stereotype time. I whole society It is paycheck. But, but if you look, if you look at, there's, there's a couple studies just, I'm gonna tell you one real fast. Where they looked at people's resumes and the, the, the, the people who were doing the hiring decided whether this person was worth hiring or whether calling in for an interview. They also did it with phone calls based on people's names. White men with a felony conviction got more job callbacks than black men without one. Even With the same resume.


I saw that meme. Right. They interpret, but I'm talking about the actual study by Diva Pager from Princeton University. You talking about the meme? Yeah, I know. I I want people to know this is the real meme I seen, I seen it Fuck that meme. Right. Seen this on TikTok or something. But, but, but my point, my my point is, smart ass nigga. The way we read something smart is shaped by who we think that person is. It's the same way that in school, black boys and girls get treated differently than white boys and girls for the same behavior. Right? If, if a white boy raises his hand, oh, he's energetic, black kid does. Oh, he's, he's talking outta turn. Right? He jumps out and he shouts out the answer. My point being it's not, I don't disagree that Kamala Harris didn't run a good enough campaign. She's not the most charismatic candidate. I think there are more charismatic candidates. I agree with all of that.


I'm just asking y'all to consider that some of the ways that we interpret people and read people is shaped by their race and their gender. I'm saying everything y'all saying is true and there's this other piece that y'all are not considering and y'all are actually dismissing. Well, no, no, no, no. Lemme speak for me. 'cause I'm not dismissing that. And I find that to be factual. I don't think it had the impact on this election that people are saying it did. I think her running At I agree with you did it more at a, at a time. When I agree with you at a time where black people are come as far as social justice. A lot of niggas my age and younger niggas don't want to hear about voting for somebody because they're black. I'm gonna be, I'm be honest or black. You shouldn't hear that. You shouldn't, you should vote for somebody 'cause you're black. Yeah, yeah. No, but nobody wants to hear that though.


That's, it Sounds fucked up. But that's what a lot of the niggas have an issue with, I think. Right? I think they right though. You shouldn't Vote. But don't you think that a lot of people voted for Obama because he was black? Hell At that time, I didn. I didn't vote for Obama. A lot of white people voted for Obama Though. We're not talking about them. But not We're talking them. Most of them. But you don't need most of them. You don't need A lot of need. Most of Right. But my point, you Need a lot of em. You don't need most of them. I Agree. We'll never have most of them, but Yes. But that's a con. The fact that we're saying white people will never vote for a black person in the majority tells you that race matters. We Didn't but we didn't say that. We didn't say that. You just said they'll never give the majority. You just said that Majority will never Why? So, right. Why are the majority of black people, and I want To be clear, but why speak with Blue State privilege.


But why? Tell me why, why are we so certain that the majority of white people won't vote for black Person nigga as Parks nigga know me? What the fuck? I don't fucking know. No, But in your gut, you know, Parks right There. I don't have the answer he From though. That don't count. That's, that's a compliment. I saying you're not from Kentucky. You're not, you're not from the racist state. Well Actually Upstate New York is fairly red. Very red. That's very true. Rare. My point is, yeah, I heard all of this same shit when Barack ran. I know she's a woman. I don't discount that. Yeah. But I'm also of the belief that Michelle Obama or somebody that knew how to speak to the issues that would've resonated with most of the country fears Better.


I think it was. Unfortunately. I think she, I think fair Better too. Listen, lemme tell you, mark, as as, as a high school dropout, I didn't care about none of that Howard shit. I didn't give two fucks and you about none of that. How would shit they kept talking about and you know, she got 95% of the black women. That's what I was gonna ask at Some point. And 70% of niggas, Yo she getting that. You know what's funny about that? She was gonna get black. Wait, I wanna address that though. We should, I wanna address that though. Black men gotta stop being, being the fucking Punching bag. The scapegoat. What the fuck y'all saying? 78% ain't bad. It's great. Black men Showed up for that. Yo, you know what? I seen those numbers and felt great.


Yeah. I was Like, Oh Shit. Regardless of the rhetoric that spewed. Nah, you know what happened? We kind Of stuck together a Little bit. But I tell you why They got 80% of black men. YI don't wanna hear, I tell you, I'll tell you why I why that's wrong. In certain key states that number was lower. Yeah. And it really, really, really affected her. Like Pennsylvania, like Georgia, Georgia. Yeah, But I don't Georgia black male vote. What the Deciding factor. It was Got it. I I disregard that because I don't believe that black, that was black men saying I won't vote for a black woman. Agree. I feel like that was black men saying I haven't been spoken to. That's true. So, So I gotta agree with that. So here, here's, here's I have to, here's how I see it a little bit, a little bit different. You disagree? Alright. Oh, go ahead.


Oh, at the core, we shouldn't be blaming black men at the core. We shouldn't be blaming black men for the Kamala Harris' election. We don't even make up that much of the, of the electorate. We only make up three, four or 5% of, and It is just more division tricks. Yo, if, if anything, yo yo, there's been so much dis election to get black men and black women at odds. Like It started when she ain't Black. A part of me felt a part of me. It started when She ain't Black Men started. She ain't black. But what happens when you have black men on large platforms calling her out of her name and then endorsing Trump? That's the optics. It's her fault that That's her fault. That's her fault. It's her fault that he called out her name. No, it's her fault.


It's fault. She Did not win for losing. Not sit down with, again, this is not my narcissism With the Joe Button podcast with any other, anybody that speaks to a large black, She sat With the Breakfast Club. She sat With the Breakfast Club demo when, Who cares Six weeks ago. She'd been sitting With the breakfast club month ago for fucking six years. We don't care. Yeah, we don't care. See and that's the problem. Wait, hold up. No, no. Let me, that's the, that's the problem. I'm speaking to Mark in Kamala's campaign. It looked like, much like in the music business, white tone deaf people that are not related to the music business. It looked like they looked at numbers.


Yeah. I came in here and told y'all that they looked at numbers. That's true. This is true. Yo, they looked at, hey, who has, and you know who the black, who is for the white number of black male, yada yada. YY It was Joe Rogan One Breakfast Club too. Yep. See, dubbed Joe Rogan for hey, that's her business. I'm gonna speak to it. And went to the Breakfast club, which you've been getting at Trump didn't miss anybody. He didn't, He missed the Breakfast club. Why would I Go there? He didn't miss anybody's. But you see the double stab. You just said Trump didn't miss anybody. He missed this. Well, he didn't need to go to there. Maybe she didn't need to go to Joe Rogan. Mark. He hit everywhere he needed to hit. And maybe she did. Maybe she did. Lemme ask You a question. I don't think she did. I Don't think she did either. Think she did either. I don't. But she needed. But wait, Trump didn't leave it up the chance. I Don't, I think she kind of needed Joe Rogan Trump.


My point is I didn something or Something like that. Beyonce do for her. Let me, I don't think she, again, I'm not making the case nothing. That's my thing though. You didn't do nothing to step outside of the, you went and got Beyonce in your demo. I disagreed. Beyonce didn't do anything. Boy. 70 billion for fucking acts. What did Beyonce do? Parker Trump went and got Dana White and the UFC. Trump got went and got Rogan and the whitest the largest whitest went and got fucking academics. Didn't bro, he went and put academics with his son. He put Schultz with Charlemagne. He hit the streets to get every fuck. come on, yo stop. At some point we gotta say yo got, it's not a clean sweep without us missing some steps. Yeah, that's it.


Yeah. But that's a straw man. I'm agreeing with everything y'all saying on that. It don't sound like it though. I'm saying what y'all, what y'all are missing is not the analysis of where her campaign went wrong. I'm telling you that there are certain things that even when the campaign does it right or is an impossible position, it's this race, gender thing is not unimportant. I'm saying Wait, wait. I don't get why I why. This is such a because we're saying to you at this point in time, that's speculative. It's all speculative. No, it's not speculative. No it ain't, it's speculative. Here's why it's speculative. She could have went on Joe Rogan and, and and, and pissed the voters off. We couldn't relate to her or Joe Rogan dragged her. I mean, we don't know. These are hypothetical. I don't think she's wrong for not going on Joe Rogan. I don't think she's either. It's all specula. Think she's wrong for not coming up here.


Well you know what though? I think she's wrong. Not coming, coming. Somebody put a, somebody put a, somebody put her on, on x put a montage together. I saved the But Wing got time for that because we dragging it. Anyway. They put a montage together and the the, the caption or the quote was something like, you know, who would've been the perfect Joe Rogan for the Democratic Party? Joe Rogan. He's only been in favor of the Democratic Party for the last X amount of years. And they put a montage together of everything that he said in the last seven, eight years. That was pro democrat. None of it was pro-Trump. Oh. He was against everything that Trump was with. It was all democratic side. But he endorsed Trump. Trump, Trump went and fucking sat there.


Mark what kind of journalist endorsed somebody? 'cause they sat with him. He was already in the back. My point is he was already in the back for Trump. He was already in the back. What? Trump disagree. I disagree. Not he wasn't. Mark, I think what you guys are missing With the interviews is the interview that he did with Joe Rogan really humanized him in a way and Humanized him a little bit In a way that hers with Shannon did not true. Her hers with Shannon felt like a a a a rehearsed political speech. Yeah. Political Rehearsed. And Donald Trump sitting with Joe Rogan and which is why I said she should have done Rogan or something similar interview-wise where it humanized her. And just let's sit down and have a conversation the same way we approach interviews up here. Bam. Sit down and talk with us like human beings. Bam. And not Preacher to talking points off.


Yo, when some of the hip hop gates just come up here. We don't talk their album We talk them and we show the people a different side of this particular individual that was only known for beefs and drama and bullshit. We stalk to them and, and and and I think she missed that piece. I agree. Again, I agree with every critique y'all have of her campaign. We going into circles. I got we going. Alright. Yeah. We can move on This one. Yeah, we can, we can move on. Fuck you. What, What do y'all think? What do y'all think will be Some of the 5 0 1 I take? I'll take No Mel down with you. Even though she could she not naturalized. She didn't vote. Wow. Don't do that to her American And hold the fuck up American business. Wait, tell me something. Don't do that. You said something about natural people talking about naturalizing.


Whoa. So somebody just hit me the other day and said, yo, have you had your green card for over five years? Yeah. Then naturalization is only seven 50. 'cause you said It is really expensive. Yeah. Okay. So they told the election that's if you're doing it yourself, talk else like filing all the paperwork on your own, blah blah blah. I let my lawyer handle everything. Exactly. So I paid for the convenience. So it Was important to you. You said it was expensive. That's why you didn't do it. Man, my lawyer's fees are expensive, but No, no, no. That's No, that's true. You gonna, that's Your worth. Let it talk man. No, yo. Did y'all see I think losing the Senate, the House is worse than all than the presidency by far. All shit carry on. By Far it It is killing y'all. It's, I was, I was going somewhere even like, did y'all see Booie on Twitter asking Donald Trump for, for a hookup and a party already? Don't Watch, I don't watch Booie.


Anything that Speaks to volumes, that speaks to what we're saying. Well that's Why I Brought it up. That speaks to what we're saying. That's Why I Brought it up. Booie Felt comfortable enough to get on a public platform and as Donald Trump to pardon him. Which man? And Andy said, let's get this money. Yeah. And I'm just telling y'all, in two years, all these people that was ringing Trump's bell, all these people that think the world gonna be better and shit gonna be flipping in The, and they gonna get money. Y'all gonna Yep. And they gonna get money. These, these strippers going to go home. The customers still gonna be broke. I agree. Hey bro, You still gonna be spending 20 in 20 club leaving logo Change. But him saying a Couple of these niggas life is better for them. I don't know. I got the pardons. I'm just crazy. Dog. Get the fuck out. Donald Trump. Pardon five people and puts 'em all on Instagram. Mark Him saying him saying anything as it relates to capital gain provides hope to the people that have been looking at what's been going on with capital Gains.


I'm talking, what I'm talking about is, I'm saying in two years the niggas, you talking about flip not not people who care about capital gains and death taxes. I'm talking about everyday people, right? Yes, yes. I'm telling you, dead lives will not be better and y'all gonna regret it. Not. That's all I'm saying. Good. I'm just saying No, Even, even the other niggas, they life won't be better. 'cause Kamala Harris said even that, yo even that bro, cool. She went and talked to people and said, yo, I might impose a, a capital gains tax on unrealized gains. What the fuck do you think that did to her? Yeah. come on. Her rich, her rich base, Honestly, what do you think that Did to her rich base? Honestly. But the Democrats don't win from the rich base, bro. That's the point you keep And that's my cr No, but I'm I'm, listen to me. She has this much room for Listen, I'm agreeing with you.


No, you my goal. Look, I'm, I'm saying, I'm saying that I'm, I'm saying not with her bro. I'm saying she's going to, I said at the beginning, I said she went to the right trying to appeal to people. That's Not a right wing thing to Say. Un I understand. And I said, so she alienated both bases. I'm saying she should have either went to the left this much With this room for error. You're a black woman. We going, we gonna say you're a black woman. Oh, but That don't matter. Hold up. You're a black woman. Right. So we gonna acknowledge that. So y'all saying she has this much room for error. Yes. Maybe that much. Right? You Made that so cool. So that means any subgroup in the world, I have to get them if I possibly can. So you get on public TV and you tell the rich people that make all of this fucking money and then move the needles.


You know what? Thinking that you're appealing to the poor. Thinking that you're appealing to the poor. I'm gonna impose a capital gains tax on them for unrealized gains. What the fuck do you the Fuck that the fact that you even thought that in your brain and said it Publicly. It's, that's a misstep. What? But it's also missteps. A misstep. There's else to say it's not a mis no, there is saying It is a misstep. What what there is to say is that's a principle choice. Simi Liadi. If, if I make a move to, to, to get people outta prison, there are people who want more people locked up. And you can say that was a big mistake letting people outta prison. It might be strategically, but it's the right thing to do. Actually putting higher taxes on the wealthy is the right thing to do. That's Not higher taxes. Mark It is a tax on unrealized gains and money that I never made that you are taxing me on.


That is not paying. Which, which goes to the poor Says who who the fuck you can? Yeah. Where does that we go, where does it go then? That's speculative overseas. Tell me the money that goes to the fucking Speculative. It went everywhere. But back to us, the not us, One of the highest homeless rates In the world. Hey, hold on, let me be clear. Fuck this guy. Hey John, back. Oh, we know yo dog. We, you not ain't mute up till 20, 28. Guys, all I'm saying is sometimes as a person with money, you have to accept that you're gonna pay more taxes for things to be different. That's All right bro. That's not a tax. I'm speaking in general. I understand what you're saying. Understand.


And this is where the pe look, This is where I'm coming. don worry bro. That's Where the people be confused. That's where the people will be confused. 'cause you'll say something like that. Hear me out and say, yo, the rich people are supposed to pay their fair share taxes. Cool. When you are taxing somebody's unrealized gains, That is not somebody paying a proportionate share of taxes. That is ice owns a million dollars in stock and I'm a tight, I'm a tax ice at the end of the year based on that million dollars in stock. Yes. That he did not touch. I understand A high clip. So now what happens when the stock price falls? Do you give Isis fucking money back? Oh no, You, it, it's definitely a extra burden, but there's also an extra. So you just, there's extra privilege for having million. So just stock. So you just cancel every wealthy motherfucker or anybody of a higher tax bracket that might have been considering voting for you.


And you Did that while not effectively speaking to the, the recile, the poor and that and That is, That is where she went wrong. I'm saying she should have gone all the way left. I'm saying she should have done the Bernie move. I'm saying she should have gone all the way left. Who's their next star? Yo, I don't care about all This shit. Gavin Newsom. I think Gavin Newsom is the next star I the governor of California I think. I don't think Mayor Pete, Pete, mayor Pete. I No, it's hard. If you think America ain't elected black and a black woman, America elected a a gay man is tough. That's why them evangelicals ain't electing a gay man. Y'all, y'all agree with That? is that true? Yes. How about you? No. Look, does a gay man have a harder time being president? I don't. You accept you you accept that one. Oh my God. Is are you serious?


Yo, let me tell you something. All of that evangelical shit is bullshit. They elected a fucking nigga that got been convicted. They don't give a shit. He is been Convicted For sexual crimes. They, we, the ju developed Evangelical morals go there. But here the difference, they don't, here's the difference though. All That shit is bullshit. No. It is bullshit, but it's not. Here's why. Okay? They don't care if you actually contradict their values as long as you get their agenda move forward. Trump is trash. Wham. Right. But what I'm saying is, mayor Pete is gonna legalize gay marriage. He's not gonna say fuck the gays. So what I'm saying, It is not only is he gay, Gay marriage is already Legalized Though. It's it's an, it's it's, it's an example. Oh my gotcha. My my point is Donald Trump doesn't contradicts evangelical values but he advances them. What I'm saying is Mayor Pete advances the L-G-B-T-Q agenda that they're trying to fight.


And so Mayor Pete and then he's gay himself. So it's like we're not electing a gay people to a gay person to do gay shit Thank. you. It's how evangelicals are gonna frame it. That's all I'm saying. And so I don't think a gay man, Which means, but I'm, my, my thing was just, it's bullshit. Oh, I'm with you on it's bullshit. But I'm saying he still can't win and there's a whole lot of people who can't win. I'm sorry for my two. I know you hate when shit gets too excited. I know you like I don't, I I just feel like we going Circle. No, don't worry. This is our last political talk ever. Stories. I learned a Lot. I learned a lot. Can I talk about something else then that's been pissing me off. Hold on. We gotta do something. Pay bills a ao. Yo. Yo. Slow down. Yo. Yo. I was in that chair last time. Unless you have it this time. Yeah, no you can have a chance.


I wanted to sit over there. You can have a chance. Stop let my man get to where he gotta get to. 'cause I gotta get at him after this. Oh, go ahead. Go ahead. Let get to where he got get to And then we can get to whatever you were about to get to. Oh Hold on, hold on. Nigga you Suckin and J for this nigga. Nigga. I said it what you nigga to and did nothing nigga he gotta wait. If you my did you say Suckin and said whatever said said you him. Yo. Did you say Suckin and Jive? Whatever It is definitely We need to bring that therapist back man from your show need do some examination that nigga. That's why we in This shit right now. This nigga said Suckin and J I'm not Suckin and Jive. That's wild. I'm not Suckin and J What's the, what's the terminology? Shuck sh Shuck, shucking, shucking. I don't give a fuck. Same. It's a very, yeah, it's definitely not let the nigga get This.


shit. I'm happy to shuck however. What y'all think about Aza Banks coming out and saying she lied about who she voted for A for Trump. I fooled you. I was just front like I was for no nothing. Whatever. No There's a bunch of people lied. No comment. We didn't see it. A bunch of people lied. Bad Niggas lie for the nigga Down the winning side. You fucking sell outs. You bitch ass niggas without fucking parents. Huh? Okay Mo what? Alright It is time for my favorite part of the show.


All right, if you are unfamiliar, what a game last night. If you are unfamiliar, PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Take you a quick second to get this done. Under 60 seconds you can win big. All you have to do is pick two to six players across all sports. Look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win big and win big. I mean who do I have this week? I'm going to go with Derrick Henry played already. So we'll stick with, I'll go with Pat Mahomes for more than two passing touchdowns. I'll go for Luca Don Chick for more than 32 points. Steph Curry for more than five three pointers. And I'm going with Alvin Camaro for more than 40, nah, maybe more than 30 receiving yards. Love Alvin Cama. Download the app today and use promo code JBB to get $50 off instantly. No to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat if you download the app today and use promo code JB b you will get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So I wanna wish all participants out there good luck. Get in your bag and run your game.


Alright. Flip. Go ahead. Floor is yours. I have been seeing, I wanna be careful how I say this because I promise not the pocket watch too much. A lot of PrizePicks ads. Yeah. In commercials. Not only, but I don't care about that. Okay. You know I think that he's doing what he gotta do but I feel like you rubbing it in my face there. Yo. A yo. Yeah. Yeah. No a yo nigga. Mind your business. You got that CNN shit left. Yo. You rubbing in my face. You sitting down, you know, in Bentleys and, and you just doing a lot. You know what I mean. Slow down a little bit. It's kind of bothering me. It's coming on my timeline.


I don't like it. I don't give a fuck what these niggas say. I don't like it. Okay. I've been watching you very closely. We need to have a conversation and do time. I need to have a one-on-one with you. But I don't like That. That was just for the Gram. I'm not getting that Bentley. I don't give a f Well don't do it for the Gram space. I'm Getting a, I'm not getting that Benley. I just like the way the engine sound. Hard work payoff. Room, room, room, room. That was, I'm not getting that Bentley I'm gonna call it and Hard work Payoff. If I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna do it. I ain't gonna have step Big Daddy came told me in 88. I'm not doing that. I'm doing it big. Fuck these niggas playing with me. Okay. Yeah. I talk to you about it more privately. I'm just letting you know that I'm, I'm, I'm on to you. We don't Ever need to speak about my car selections personally. My private, it's my private life.


Okay. It's my private life. It's not something for public fodder. I ain't gonna drive. It's just Don sit there. I don't wanna talk about nobody publicly about it. But I'm gonna get a s not playing only. Okay. Orange Cs the fluffy, fluffy carpet on the floor. You doing orange black badge? Yeah, black badge. Orange black. But it was nice. Bentley the last W 12. What I'm doing it man. Sorry shit was kaka. I'm gonna, you It is beautiful. Was it Bentley? You said that Shit was Kaka. That's not true Dish. It wasn't Kaka. Why did You say it's Kaka? Because they ain't like it. He said I didn't like it. That shit was fly. You like Bentley's? Yeah, I like them. So you don't two I like them.


I like the two door Bentleys. Don't some of 'em look too old man Cars for me. Two. Some of them Two. The two door is nice and the two door drop is fire. Exactly. Got one. But I don't, my girl, my girl finally worked up the nuts, worked up the Coone as the other day to say, you know what, I want a car installed my business. She, she finally got gully. She finally got brave. Ain't clap up for my baby man. Clap up for my baby. Better do it now. I How much clapping to be on a birthday? I ain't clap it up for my baby man. Yeah, you got a new car nigga. Don't worry about me. Oh, you got a new Car? You got a new car? You got a pump up. I thought about the spectrum. You like the spectrum?


Who you talking to? You? I don't even know what That is. The Roll Royce, the Specter shit. The electric shit. I never seen it. You see it? It is dope. Yeah. You talking about shit. We it. Yeah. It's nice. We support you And you have. That's how I Okay. You what? That's how I'm able to get these things. See that's what I'm saying. See? See that was fucked up man. That's What I'm saying. That's bad. That's It is, but it, it's All good. Nigga's been killing, nigga Enjoy while the last Really showing up for me. Enjoy. While the last Nigga been really Podding. come on y'all. What Y'all want to talk about do Grammy? Yeah.


Yeah. We should do the Grammy. Mark has Something he wanted. No. Oh yeah. No, no. Come on Mark. Mine was about Booie. No it wasn't about Boo Tyree Maxey out for Three weeks. Right. Four weeks. That wasn't, look tell him fuck you. I want you You already know it's implied. Batman robbery. Sixers can't catch your break. Six is Big. I mean how many games is the next one? Like two? It look bad. Yeah. Y'all ain't shit. You know, it looks bad. We start with Bet, Whatever the bet is, I'm down. But I can honestly speak about my team. It looks bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I'm gonna win the bet. The bet was who's gonna have a better regular season record at the end. Oh, you gonna Lose that bet? Yeah. Just, just happens at the, when it happens. But we look Bad. Yes. Like I don't want to do a Nick Fixer thing right now because we both Trash right now. We look bad. Yeah, we'll be fine. I'm not worried about that. No. Who doesn't look so good is Bri James who just got finally yesterday demoted to the G League.


He is now. Pat yourself on the back. Take your run. Take your Thank. you I told y'all he was That. is that what happened? Yeah, yeah. Oh, he got demoted to the G League. They said he's only gonna play home games for the G League team though. He's not gonna have to travel on the road. That's, you know, whatever. What? Yeah. And he'll still be able to do a little bit of two-way basketball. He'll come up to the Knicks and be able to sit at the end of the, I mean come up to Makers Lakers. Lakers and come up to the end. I think trash. I think like, I'm sorry Knicks. He'll be on the Lakers games at the end of the bench again. And you feel Good About this? I don't feel good about this. I feel like vindicated 'cause people said I was hating it, that he was gonna come out the gate and be dropping 20 and five and 30 and Dunking and three. He's had one shot. He's made one shot. You know The basketball is, that's like, that's the James family version of toys.


Yeah. So you feel vindicated because LeBron's son is without his toys. But we going to war for, for your kid to get they toys back. Nah, it's a little different. You know why? Oh, because I didn't stick my kid in the middle of a high school school yard and say protect your toys. That's what they did by putting somebody who averaged four points a game at University of Southern California in the NBAI Like the Nepo moment. I Love it. I love the Picture picture. I like the NPO moment. I love, I love the, I love the Nepo moment. I can't even shit on the stops there Though. I love the photo. I love the idea of it. I might even do the same thing. I'd be wrong. Jordan's sons is sniffing fucking Coke with watermelon, right? Yeah. You think they're doing better?


Worse sauce? Man, I have chocolate Nigga. Huh? I don't know man. Getting sitting. No, I'm not sleeping on anybody that has coke with their watermelon. That's What I'm saying. This nigga having midday coke Morning. They was eating breakfast. I'm not sleeping on nobody. With The breakfast. I think his life might be better than being in Spokane, Washington for the, for the, whoever It is the Spokane Lakers or whatever. I'd rather be them this kid May I, I want him to win. I I, I love LeBron James and I, I like LeBron. I like Bronny James. I think he's a great kid. I just don't want him to get treated the way he's getting treated and we set him up for failure and the fact that he's down in the G League is proof that what I said was accurate. That he wasn't ready and that this was a mistake. That's all. That's all.


Wasn't It a foregone conclusion that he was gonna go there? Yeah. And people argued it. Yeah. And people argued it. Oh, okay. Yeah, because, because he didn't take a two way contract. You arguing you want Oh. yeah. you thought he was gonna be fired. I thought, and I told him not that he was gonna be fired. He thought that the power that were gonna keep him upstairs, thought marketing dollars part was gonna keep him upstairs because of how they would be able to market this. Yeah. But you can't market him if he looks like a Makea wish kid, You can't mark The Lakers. Don't. That's how they Treating him. No, I'm saying when they call him bro, bro, he gets out there and he gets, he he scores and they run around. Yeah. Shout out to Cleveland for, for how they handled that game and how they handled him. I thought that was a really classy move. I thought So too. I don't want him to get, he's too talented and too good of a kid to get treated like that. He should be in college right now.


He should be in college. He's a four year college player who then has a legit shot at the NBA. This was not about him. What you want me to say? I'm supposed to be in college, Right? Man, if I almost died last year, I'm going to the NBA right now. Fuck y'all talking about. See, and it's funny, I might not have that again If I almost died last year. Maybe that's the reason why I shouldn't be playing in the NBA Or maybe I just wanna give, Had A heart attack he wanted to play too. I feel you. Like People always make it seem like it was just bronze wish for him. He might have really wanted this too. He worked. So lemme ask you and, and we fast tracked you. So let me ask you a question due to the connections that your pops have and and the equity that he's built. Yeah. We were able to fast track you. We got you a guaranteed contract for the 55th pick. Like He ain. It might be your, I'm not saying that, but you just, just might be your ceiling but you was able to achieve that dream.


That wasn't, but that wasn't a ceiling. Right. So this might be potential, this might be his but potentially to what Mark was saying, if he stays in college for four years, he has a more legitimate shot of going to the NBA and staying as It is right now he got a guaranteed four year contract bro. He might be in the G League for four Years. Yeah, I think this stunt is growth. That's my concern. And and it's all about like life short as parents, sometimes I, You don't need the money and I'm not talking about money. Oh. I'm not even talking about just money. I'm just saying life short. He might not ever, some people don, don make the nba so don't, that's, We don't need to do, do deep unpack on I agree that on the G League player though. Like we fair enough. We big we when he comes back like we can get in our bag.


All right. Head to the G League. Just go ahead Brony man. Do your thing. Best of luck to 'em. Do your thing young Brownie. I'm rooting for you man. Do y'all want to get into any music or do y'all want to get to the DDG? Hailey baby debacle Let's Grammy Noms. No That's ha No we're 'cause we're eventually gonna get to that. But You didn't vote 'cause the lawyer was alive. Holy Fucking Shit girl. You know how much money you make. You know how much money you make girl. Oh my God. Know much money I spent on this fucking project. You know how much money I spent on the self-funding this motherfucking project. That for me. Yes, actually It is, It is.


Oh yeah, no Fuck that. Yes It is. Why you set up to say that? Why you did that? You put it right there like shit, don't look at me. Throw the Grammys. That's right man. I say fuck, I go ahead nigga. Get it out the mud. Alright. So Grammy noms have been released? They are? Yes. Grammy noms have been released 2025 best rap song. Kendrick Lamar not like us. Future Kendrick and Metro like that. Kanye, Playboy, Cardi Ty Dollar sign and Rich The Kid Carnival.


I love that song. Gorilla y Glow. I love that song. Rhapsody and Hit Boy Asteroid. I love all these songs. See you. Me Too. That was a Bop. I love all these songs. I mean I Got it going Kendrick like us Kendrick. Yep. Yeah. Duh. But if he didn't win I wouldn't be mad. He's up for If like that one I wouldn't be mad at all. I'm not mad At that either. Either one of those This shit is up for seven. Kendrick Not like us. Yeah. Including Song. Song of the year I think. Or record of the year and He's getting all seven and my phone ain't rung yet about presenting what's going on. Did I change my number? Yo was my number to say somebody call me, y'all call me yo.


Lemme lemme show my shit on. I ain't, yeah That's this song of the year and record of the year Parks. What's the difference? I'll go up, up there Fat Joe myself. Record of the Year. This songwriter song of the years for this song. Got it. Okay Thank you, You gotta get naturalized. Oh my. You know what I brought this just for you. Okay right there. Double time. Is it a white, is that a white middle female? A White one? That's extra Disrespect. Why you get a white one? I thought you was vote for Kama. Look at the Trump figure. Like a Trump figure. You Got it girl it Was a gag gift that I was given last night. He ain. Go He Ain't gonna deport you. And there we go. She good? Yeah, I'll step right to there Chicago nigga. Yeah You gotta smoke with that nigga.


So let's read some more nominations. Album of the Andre 3000. Now Hold up for a minute. Let's on Mel seconds, we on You let that slide. I'm saying this and then I'm getting outta here because deserves to do what you want. But the community dug up your old tweets From 2021. From 2021 when you was thirsting over old boy and said oh My god. Congrats to Mel. She played a long game. Yeah, she played a long game. Yo. Shout to everybody. Played a long game. Get what you wanted. Hey, snipers got Come on. That's why they snipers. Huh? 2021. It's almost 2025. Girl, you Got it.


You Got it. Fuck you. You got 'em girl. Are You sure I don't Bel I don't remember That Got it. No my girl said it to me too. Yeah, It is there. Obey your thirst nigga. Let me say I, I obey your thirst. I say ai, I'm calling ai. AI was now back then. Yeah. Now You want me to show three for Real? Yeah. And he wrote back at that time, yo Melyssa four be careful. He wrote back. Oh yeah. So you were saying that Andre 3000. Yeah the album Of the year. The flu album of the year. Cowboy Carter. Oh there It is right there. Yeah, no there It is right there. Joe Button's a lot of things. That is not a lie. That's you 2021 thirsting after some nigga that dubbed you but now you double back.


So and you on the pod. So you popping. So you back. Yeah you on the p rebrand. Nigga decide you got your rep off. Nigga Decide to press play. You wanna pop? Yeah you got to rep up now. Press play. He got mad. He did After Rest. You running around with your best genius. 2021. He did nothing. It on red. He left it on red. But now you back now You all the way back. Nigga you back. He, I, I just saw this And I ain't, I just saw this. I just saw this was my shit back in the day. Took out the game Just circling back. I don't know how I missed it. Dub Dubbed them Summer Flings dubbed them Summer Fling That thought they had a shot. Oh. Oh man. He took it all the way out the game too.


Grammy nomination Big reveal everybody off. Nigga Duck That is dunk other nigga. She off the game is you out the game. She with Grammy fucking nomination. She the, why didn't I answer Mark Because yo Mark we have bigger fish to fry right now nigga. She plummet. She tag the nigga. Nigga when you tag a nigga it speaks a lot. It speaks volume. She tagged him on her birthday baby Sitting there waiting to see the boyfriend Reveal on your birthday. Lemme see if he tags you. Grammy nominations. Are you Happy? Then the roster found out with us. They ain't even know. It's like Oh, Shit, Chicago PD DI watched, I watched that show watched. Yeah I watched. I watched that shit. Damn dub the shit out.


I thought the police dubbed the shit out on Old Niggas. It's open nigga find yourself something to do now. Yeah, go get a hobby. Hey I got what I got what I wanted out the deal. Go get yourself some canal. Open and Vibe. Yeah. Alone. Get elope. Yeah, go find something to do nigga. You not how you do because you're not doing me at all. 'cause you're not doing this. Yeah. Alright. Grammy No Grammy. Grammy no Grammy. No. What you got for us? Where do you want? Where do you want to go? You wanna go r and b? You want the main categories? We can do Main, main. Main Me out Maine is Andre 3000. The flute album is up for Album of the Year. Wow. Which Yo Andre 3000. I have too much respect for you to disrespect you, but you know what I'm thinking.


Cowboy Carter, we all thinking It. Cowboy Carter, Beyonce, Sabrina Carpenter. I way too much respect for Beyonce to say something. Same. I like That album. I love that album. I like both those albums i's stood it the way up here. Oh I like the Andre 3000 album about Album Year. It did. Didn't get you to the voting booth. Who else? Who else? Charlie. XC. X Brat. Did you say Sabrina Jacob Colli. I did say Sabrina Carpenter. Short and Sweet. Okay. Billy Eilish hit me hard and soft pause. Wow. Or not. That's a good Chapon and Taylor Swift. Taylor Swift always gonna be up there. Billy Eilish is hard too though, Billy shit, that's shit that Billy Eilish. You right. Some good shit on there. Song of the Year.


The Tipsy redo by Buzi. Tough out Birds of a Feather. Billie Eilish Die With a Smile. Tough out Bruno Mars and Gaga, Fortnite, Taylor Swift and Posty. Yeah. Good luck babe. Chap not like us Kendrick. That's song of the year. That's that's best. That's a tough category song. That's very Tough. Sabrina Carpenter, please, please me. It is probably gonna win here. I feel like. I thought That's gonna take away, that's a, that's another really tough one. Sabrina Carpenter's What? Which song? Please, please, please, please, Please. Yeah, please, please, please. Sorry. Texas Holden is the other one in there. Let's see. New artist we got Ben Boone, Sabrina Carpenter. Doci is nominated. Round of applause for Doci. I think she's also up for rap album the year.


Good for her. Really? Yeah. Good For her. Cha Boozes in here. Chaperone. That's a tough category. Yes. That's a tough, tough category. Let's see, DOCI getting up for a rap album of the year. I think It is phenomenal man. Who else is in that? Who else is in that category? Future. Future and and Metro is in there The first album. Yes. You guys keep talking I gotta scroll through all This shit. It's a fucking long list. I wouldn't be mad at Doshi winning friend of the show. Her shit is hard. But she is a newer act. That future album's gonna be a tough out to me. Jay Cole's in there. My delete later Common Pete Rock Salute to them.


Eminem Death Slip Shady. And then, yeah, future Metro. I'm I'm, which I'm going for, I think That future album is, that's the second one, right? I still don't, This is No, we don't trust you first. First one. I like both of them. I said the Eminem album is crazy That I like that album too. I didn. The EMM album was great. I like the M album in this category though. I think I would go with that Future in Metro album And not for nothing. I think the biggest event of the year, probably musically, but certainly within hip hop and RB was Kendrick Drake obviously. And that was the album that sounded All. That was All. That was the I initiator. So that Bullshit. I think the M album is better. But I think, I think The Future album gonna win And And for the moment.


Yeah. Not mad at nominees Though. Do you think the M album is better in the Future album? Yeah. Yeah. I thought, I thought it was tough and I, I I, I can't say I still either. I'm not mad at that but I Disagree. I didn. I ain't hear it. But Ice came in and was Yeah, I like it too. It was good. Yeah. Doce Nissan Ultima is also up for rap performance. Okay. With Houdini. Eminem like that Yalo Common and P Rock When the Sun Shines and Cardi enough, I need Yalo to win something. That's song. Yeah, go. Alright for the room. Best RB album Thank you 11. 11 Chris Brown. That's my one vent to Black Lala Hathaway Revenge Money Long Algorithm Lucky Day and Usher's coming Home.


That's Such an interesting, oh I want to see this. That's a beef. I wanna see this. I got Lucky Day. That's a Real, see I got Lucky Day. That's a real beef lucky day. We know Chris ain't gonna win it. I got 1111. Money Long Is also in there. I was gonna Say between Lucky Day and Money Lucky Day Root Root, I'm rooting for Chris but I'm root for Layla Hathaway. But I'll take that Root Forrey. So nobody think the Usher album gonna win though, right? Nah, just checking. No, that I didn think they gonna go very like nerdy and take the Layla Hathaway. You know it's not, they take Highbrow thing, they do that or they gonna go the other way to Stop the controversy and all the nonsense. Yeah. That Chris Brown album's amazing. And it's the deluxe one. Didn didn't listen to it. I didn't listen to it.


Let's see, anything else super mandatory on here? I wish these were in order. It is all over the place. Melodic rap performance. Kani Spaghetti by Shazi and Linda Martel. Beyonce still don't trust you. Big Mama 3:00 AM Rhapsody and Erica. I love that. That song is dope. That's my shit right there. Song is dope. Yeah. This Shit is, I Would just like to see a worthwhile award show. They're not gonna, oh they're not gonna air 90% of these also. I I can't be, I Can't be whatever they air. Whoever performs, whoever presents, whoever hosts. I would just like to see a worthwhile award, a music award show like they put some effort into.


Lemme say that. Yeah. Do you think they Get Kendrick back to back off the Super Bowl and Yes. Grammys. Well when is the Grammys? It's usually right after. Right before a week Before we get, But that matters to me if it's right before. Oh, It is before or after or right after. Got It Before. If it's before probably not. Nah. Oh yeah, That's true. If it's right after I could kind of see it. That's true. But he'd be doing all this mysterious, I like the Nomination February 2nd. I like the nomination. Oh That's before. I think it Might be February 2nd is before the Super Bowl. Super Bowl. Super Bowl is the ninth. Oh yeah. So it's the week before. It's usually after that's the dub. But like the last couple of years it's Been, you know what it's before you know what I changed my mind. I could see him showing up, not not to just to win awards and then next week going out there and people, You know, I could see him actually is doing like that.


No. If they, no. Okay. Not if I'm performing next week or two, I'm not doing nothing. I'm, the negotiation is I will arrive and y'all will give me awards. That's the end. I'm not singing a song. I'm not performing. I'm not presenting. I'm coming. So you could sell your ads and put the camera on me during the, Put the camera on me 57 times because Yeah, but I'm not, I Got seven nominations And this is the only time I'm, I've showed up to anything this year. With the exception of the Super Bowl. And that's hitting both bases. I don't know if Kendrick is MIA from all of the award shows that happened all year when you could clearly see the industry trying to give it to, trying to give Ms. Flowers.


This is the one, like if this Grammy's passes, then you just don't show up to nothing and then that conversation comes back up. Punch hate to be the one to tell you the The journalism. Yeah. That conversation about, I don't wanna say it because I'm in support of, but if he don't show up to the Grammys with eight, nine nos, that talk is coming back up as it pertains to Kendrick It is nothing they can do about it. I think he's showing up to the Grammys. I think he's performing at the Grammys. Why? Why would that come back up? I don't see the correlation. Well it just, I mean you don't have, it came up. Well they just had it with Dr. Harper Bazar. Shit. I remember. I'm just saying it comes back up.


Here is another event. That is quote unquote the biggest event in culture. That culture cares about cultural award ceremonies versus how you show up for predominantly just white entities. That conversation will be had again. But isn't the Grammys looked at and viewed, correct me if I'm wrong 'cause it's not my area, but isn't the Grammys looked at as a Harper's Bazaar almost? No. Yes And no. No. They do that when, when they mad at 'em. Yeah. 'cause that's what I, yes. Yeah. Historically as a Grammys, if these nominations would've came out rap album of the year, whatever, and they'd had a bunch of shit in there that, that niggas just collectively did not have been with, didn't understand. Yeah.


It would've been that exact same thing. Yeah, that's what I thought. I thought. But They they aren't, they Been trying to fix that look That like that and haven't been maybe since the Macklemore debacle. Yeah. Like people, people in the in the people in the business know how Grammys are won now. Yes, you gotta do some struggling jiving With the board, but it's your peers. It is your peers. And this is the biggest events award stage in music. I don't know man. We've seen, We've seen a boycott. We've seen A boycott. Not just a boycott. We've seen our biggest hip hop acts. Disrespectful. Just the shit out of the Grammy. Not even just boycott. Yeah. But from The Take a piss on the Grammy to the drinking out the Grammy like seen it just where it's like the Grammys ain't what y'all think It is.


Oh yeah, yeah. Grammy. Grammy. Yeah. Like Drake said, I use that shit as a door stop. Like they're telling people y'all hold the Grammys that high, not us. So for Kendrick to now jump over there, it would be a Harper's bizarre type of thing. That's what I'm thinking. Well motherfuckers Still have that Grammy, the little glass case. They got a bigger than this and none of that matters. To my point, Jay-Z was boycotting the Grammys and sitting with Angie Martinez anytime it was something to say No. Yeah, I know. What I was saying is the conversation, Drake is never gonna get those same allegations that Kendrick get for reasons I won't say it. He's half white, he's Jewish. The fuck is you looking at me like that for like he ain't gonna, that same conversation ain't gonna be had when he keeps skipping over everybody and No, there's another reason journalists are having those with him too.


There's another reason why, because Drake don't pride himself on being the culture. Hmm. You that's, that's the real reason. I don't care nothing about this half Jewish or half white. I don't care about that. Kendrick pretty much since his, since he's come into hip hop, has been the man of the people. I'm, yeah, I'm for the people. I'm for the culture. I'm this, I'm this. That's true. A purist at his heart. That's right. When your actions, I Won't argue. Well yeah, actions don't necessarily match that as a purist. They looking at, yeah, you come under a little bit more scrutiny than somebody else who for the most part, everybody looked at Drake as an outsider. Good point. So fair point. I won't argue it. I do think that Drake has received a little bit of that from the black media people that are like, Hey, he's gotta stop it Us.


He's gotta stop it Us and Drake's the first one to be like, eh, no, no I don't. No, no I don't. And while I'm at it, hey we don't need, nobody needs New York either. I don't know if y'all noticed, remember he came out and said that you the first one to say that yo artist, you don't need to stop in New York to do anything. I'm telling you like yeah. So he is the first one to get into that bag. Fair point. All right. We back up in this piece. Anything in the Oh Shit My shade. Your past my shades. So they don't get to look at my eyes. I don't want them to look in my eyes. They don not deserving. They're not deserving that. Maybe Mark, but these niggas can't look at my So Marcus deserving To look in your eyes. Yes. More hate.


That's hate. No. That Is, that's hate. I just said that You didn't have repeat. Yeah, mark just got here. Mark didn't do nothing to me. Oh That's hate even that's hate dumb as why doing that. Even that hate. Why you stupid As? 'cause I said Mark just got here. He didn't do nothing to me. I'm wrong. Why You said that part nigga we just had come on my nigga Because he didn't understand the difference Between you down. Look what you just did bro. You just calmed me down. I just started texting and being, being good and look what You did. My guy, my guy, my guy is hit me last night. Hey, Hey. Ish was outside. I don't know 'cause I ain't hit him back. I was in my bed. Let's go Ish. I was asleep in bed. He's outside time. Hit me. What you did Hit him? He ain't hit me back. Wow. Gotcha. No, at 12:45 AM I'm sleeping bed.


Oh, you got the 1245. It is your days is fluctuating. Nigga it looking like Thursday for you. She's smart though. I let you go out Thursday. So the weekend you in the crib. She got you wrapped around. Oh, it's so late. You gonna be out Thursday? You gotta go out Thursday. Mel, can you read what time this yo came in? 12:43 AM Okay. Thought it was earlier than that. You gotta switch your days. But I'm here for you Earlier. You know your friend, you know what they do? The MTA where they switch their day. You gotta put your form in to switch your days, my nigga. This Thursday day is whack. You gotta get, try to get Saturday and Sunday or please I I'll look in the hr please. Where you was at? What shaking? Nah, it was my man birthday party at Flamingos.


Oh, Happy birthday Danny. Yes. Shout shelter. My man. Booga Lewis, his Birthday. Oh, it's not Danny. All right. It's All right though dog. This guy's a fool. So I hit you You. know what I mean? Shout the Boogaloo birthday. Nice, nice. But why You don't, if you knew it was your man birthday and you were stepping out, why not hit me? Because I Got the text mad late. I got the text like nine something. Like yo niggas is going to X, y, z nine Something. You, you am Am I off in the head here? That's three hours'. Big chunk. That's a big chunk, Nigga. Nine something, 10 o gimme a 10. No, it was like late nine But. yeah, I I thought you would be up. I thought you would be up and outside that At 1245 on a Thursday. Oh Shit the day before work.


I'm in bed. Plus should charge up for work. How was it? It Was cool. Spend some money. No. Nah, Nah. I ain't really spend nothing. Should we do a over Hundred? Guess? Yeah, Go ahead. Well, You told us earlier already. Oh He did earlier in the pod. He said he got five and went home with three and change three and change and then outside. He said he gave his man a hundred dollars. So that means that he spent a whole 80 Something, a cold Hard $60. Yeah, 80. About 85. No, you know what I spent, I spent 180 5. He spent $60 last night. I spent 180 and There were beautiful women there. I Got the wow, I got the hookah. Oh, so you threw $20 that you No, no, no.


Look, look I busted, I bust a different hundred. That was a different one. I, I paid for the hookah before I got the chain. Before I. gotta the singles. That's Crazy. You know what I mean? And there We go. But it was some, it was some nice talent in there. So why didn't throw no money? It's Been a hard Month. No, collectively In this economy It rained. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You ain't do that. Yeah, listen, You ain't do, I don't Typically do that. Wait, Did collective rainfall is what you're talking about? This Is what happened. I'm standing over here by the rain, by, by the thunderstorm. So my man in them on the left and my man and them on the right was lighting the place up. So you just stood there to look The fireworks.


This is crazy. Yo Left and right was throwing money. You was in the middle. Watch My niggas. But why would you even, but they don't, they're not on the pod. So why, why would you even go out and rep the pod like that? Like and throw $20. I didn't throw 20 the pods name. How much you do? Ish about 80 something. So you Blend it right in with them niggas. Hey, hey, hey, hey. No he didn't not with $80. Yep. It stop that shit, man. Holly was dead. Yeah, I gave Holly, Holly got my $80. Oh man. Oh you still generous. That'll seal the deal. I'm saying Holly was looking like a monster. Oh, she got my 80. Are you good nigga? Me? You forgot.


I know. Thursday is your day off. You good bro? What you mean looking like a monster? You. all right. Holly's beautiful. Okay, I keep going. What you mean? Hey yo, I got an extra room for you. I got two rooms for you. My girl think Holly's beautiful. Oh so Jumper. Whoa. We ain't over there though. You Know what I'm saying? Oh you ain't, my girl could appreciate you. You wouldn't jump nobody with your Girl. My girl wouldn't jump nobody with Me. Would she watch. Wait, Wait, wait, Wait. I don't know. We never broached that topic. You tried to cuck your girl out? No. Is this still called Clucking? If it's a girl? No, He said That. is it? Yeah. You still watching Ette? Yeah. I don't know. Interesting. You got some Osage shut going on over there, nigga I gotta get that to the bottom of you.


What? Talking about what you got over there going on? I Don't even know what you're talking about. Holly's beautiful. Have y'all had that conversation? No. She already has expressed how she feels about Off Holly Skin was. I'm like but on a bitch like Nah. Yeah, Nah. Holly's amazing. Mel. You look perturbed over there. What's up? I'm just trying to find Out if a woman can be a cuck. Oh, Write up. That's what you, your interest She she's texting Chicago pd. Yo, you better not shut the fuck up. You better not look at no Nigga Is done texting them niggas from last month. I was texting A a kake. She stopped texting. She stopped answering. Nigga call That nigga found out With the world. Oh Shit. He A actor.


That nigga, his whole behavior changed. He stopped co-signing shit And All. That. Yo, you on your own. Yo she is boy. Oh. yeah. you throw back in the streets, you fucking some niggas back to the highway. That nigga nigga the side, that car again. Oh my god. ai. I'm noting that nigga work. Wife Yo. EEN? No. Q-U-E-A-N.


Huh? A que. I think that that's how it's pronounced. Male. Y'all not, we don't, Nigga You shoulda have Flip got right back to throw. Nigga in the Of an adulterous husband Ain't on top of that. You hide it. You You right into a nigga face. Yo. No, no. She is cold Blunted nigga. These old yo. Yo. If I was that nigga don't, don't do that. Get the do Skin drunk nigga. Fuck. that nigga been home playing, playing Neo songs. Dude.


That nigga so sick of love songs. He can't drop the Genesis no more. And he can't. And he can't compete. With the actor, he can't compete with actor. He can't. Ain't you a actress? Huh? Boy thinks in common. More things in common than that old nigga even yo. But let me just ask you this then we'll move on off your love life or we'll move on off your love Life days. You don't wanna go to the nigga no more. Did you tell the rest of the roster that It is a dub. I'm coming out with my Chicago PD Bay nigga. Yes or no? Just answer us. Just answer us. We don't need to. We don't need it. Just answer us. I Made no public statements. Mm answer. Did you say something? She did, but did you say something private to the old, to the roster? I made no private statements.


Oh Sexy. You just found out even though I the same, you acting like you acting like roots own tv. She called, oh God, she real Chicken George move silence like lasagna. She lasagna you. Lasagna you lasagna. How do you think you get away with that? All right, we are moving on. We are moving on. We on? Yeah, I almost said something else. Oh my. Okay nigga saved you. Niggas be saving you from getting that. Stop breaking hearts. Yeah. Niggas save you from getting thrashed. At least you could save they hearts. Stop breaking hearts girl. I'm gonna nigga saved heart be wholesome. That is online. Nigga. That last nigga liked you.


That's On my list of things to do for 20 times. That last nigga liked you. A alive nigga. Nigga. Save, save. They but she threw that nigga to the dumpster. Oh, Shit. Whatcha talking about? Oh man. Nigga protected you nigga. I feel bad for. He might as well get his old girl back. Yo. This nigga here. Yo man. All all yo. They different. Yo different yo. We're not done with anything. Where Were we? What were we talking Done got We're not done with music. Music. We was talking about the strip club experience. Got it. Even though I was, I was in the strip club the other night and some niggas that came, they came from the VIP and they came to the bar and they was standing too close to me like DDG was to Quavo.


And I was like, what's up? Then he looked at me and he was like, yo, you your buddy in Yeah man Peace. So like salute. Like that's crazy. He turned around, he went to start throwing some money but it was only $6. So he threw one. She was like in the air like it's a little mist yo. He in front of Cat. He in front. He in front of the bitches that's outside moving around throwing three do that's $3 like lonely ass three bitches. The one that lays in the hat took Forever to fall. Yeah, the whole bar collectively turned their face up at that nigga.


Man, don't misrepresent the Joe button podcast while you out in Flamingos nigga. That's why you're pic that up at Kings. Yours neither It is though. It is though some food on the way. It is on my name. Not y'all name. It's coming. It's on the way. On my name. Kings is good. It's Good Kings on my family name. It's on the way. Not done. Key to Newark. The butter name Kea Newark. Key to Newark. The mailbox not done with music. Wait, what is this Megan? Good. Jonathan Majors breakup. Why is that written up there? They broke up when allegedly Who confirmed this Instagram? It wasn't exactly, look what Y Turner said Sent. Who wrote that mail? Y'all Got it. No, Ish wrote that. I wrote that. That shit ain't popping bitch. But we don't know that. Right. Where where we getting that from? See this?


Lemme see if the issue, the statement they sent. Tell Ish They did Little Cox Sintel stay getting Ish is a different breed. He should be putting shit up there. This ain't even the look at Mel story. I don't give a fuck about it. Megan get a job to make break up. Let's where You get that from Ish. Everybody's really scrambling for this. Dude. I Google It is not true. Does it Matter? No. Also that Like who cares? Who cares if they broke up people? The same motherfuckers that cared that they was together? Eh? I think when they got together some people thought it was like a stunt. Yeah. Yes. A lot of people did and that was the only reason people cared.


But I don't care about the actual relationship. I don't care. I don't care when people break up or get together. For the most part. Yeah, I'm with you. I'm with you. I ain't gonna lie. Like I don't, I don't care. I could have told you All That was gonna break up when he was shucking and Jing at that wedding. Nigga didn't on break up nigga why you come on do that. They didn't break up bro. Looking on Masa, Ish Masa. When that nigga broke out into that strut, it looked a little, that nigga looked. That nigga wasn't with none of that. Where am I at? Where am I at? Where am I at?


Brand New Ab Soul Brand new Solo. Brand new. Soul. Burger. Oh I. repeat it. All That. I'm With All. That All That All That All That. Yo. I think you West Coast nigga got a cheat code this year. Man. I ain't going with you. They not Playing. They're not playing. I'm, I put me on record.


I think this album is a cult classic. All three listens. That's quick. Wow. I'm not bad. I think this album is a cult classic. I think so. He rapped on last time, but he rapping on this album and the production is bigger and singly and broader. Yeah, I was gonna say this, this doesn't feel as rap. It feels like he's trying to make some commercial. Yeah but that music was but not in a bad way. Yeah. No, but I'm, I like that because that was one of his struggles when he came up here last time and he had records on that on the last album. I feel like Coulda went But. yeah That one. The one that we we danced to Up here. Yeah. Yeah. But for him, I feel like it was, how do I figure out how to do this like on a bigger stage scale With the sound and Kendrick kicked the door in for these niggas to get this type of shit off.


I was like fucking Hey wait a minute. Hey, Hey wait a minute. Wait up. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold. They feel bad now Don't feel bad. Don't Feel bad now. Y'all see me. I don't shake my hand on you. That on me. Keep my phone on DD.


Hook your left on read. Seen so many nigga. Bitch. What bitch Here go every time we gang. Slide somebody out. I repeat no man hand my daddy hook. Shoot a like Kareem. No I ain't no open book baby. I'm a G. Keep it on me. Keep a look. Keep it in the street. Used to be my call me what you want. Just don't call the police because fuck the in the street. They fell under me. My knees was shook. With all these fake girls on these Get st. Please don't intervene. Keisha jail. I'm somewhere in between. I'm independent signing. I'm in the tre but I grew up walking distance from the beach Living Out that California dream.


How Y Gonna play the record man. Y'all already, that's how I know she a pro. That's how I know she gonna go. This is Absolutely bananas. Go Only fucking Yo. I love this. Fuck with me. You know I Got it. Flip, play it Again.


I didn. Can't Make no promise. She know I'll be gone tomorrow. She asking for money to borrow. She asked for help. Took it out. Let's come back in. He Talking about, Oh my God That's, I know she a pro. That's how I know she gonna go.


Gonna go Listen man, we got a Lupe feature. Yeah, I fuck with this album. Hey. Oh Uhoh Green Light Game. Hey like Green Light Game. Hey, this ain't for You Niggas That is throwing $30 man up up Glimpse. Mama got the Edge. I love that record. I'll talk With the album Sound, sound. I love that record. It's a little Bouncy.


It's a great album. Yeah. Great album. I love the intro for that soul. That soul is soul beat. Oh yeah, you flips into the Mob. Deep shit. Oh yeah. Survival. That that soul is soul. Nah, where is it? Nope. Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up. Because that beat and he freaked it too. But that Beat Sold is soul mixed with fucking shook ones. Hold the horn. Hold the horn. What Soul to soul Song? I a rapper and all of y'all should call me that. What's going on? I hit the studio and talk like that. Leave that motherfucker and feel like a fraud. In all honesty, I believe the truth will set you free. Am I an inmate?


I got secrets I'm gonna die With. He's spitting knowledge over This shit. Am I the greatest? I'm gonna fast forward to when the beat drop Villain with a moral compass, the two tail like Sonics little homie. I just pauling Peter and Paul. That was really crazy. This beat is ridiculous. Yo, these Days I'd rather work out my flaws than Flex on y'all. Little something's better than a whole, not nothing at all. Welcome, welcome. More. We just now between the lines like when we be spelling wrong. Ready? What's going on? Hey, yo, Arnie can I can, can I keep it going? I'm mic Check one up in this bitch.


Can I, can I talk my shit? Can I keep it real, real quick? I'm broke. I am on fucking drugs. Don't own shit. I'm paying rent with my baby's mom. I take a 7.62 for Top Dog. I did jump off a bridge on the Limo Boulevard. I'm blessed with question. What God would have mercy on the junky. Biggest lie I ever told is that it ain't about the money I rabbit over now will dripping. I'm still standing here screaming Fuck the whole system. Couldn't care any less if you judge me. Dunno what the fuck I did for This shit. And I dunno much. But I do know this. I got the game in the headlock. I'm like, Draymond, That Was nuts. Those two beats together is bananas. I would've never thought to put some two together.


That was nuts. That was Absolutely those two beats together is absolutely The same without our mind. Should we? You thought that we was doubt our mind. Couple of ticking time bombs don't on mind. The reason me and Danny, the block lost Solberg in your phone and on DSPs right now shout to the whole TDE. Shout to Ab. Soul Ab. So you did it again. That's two in a row. Might be three in a row, but two in a row for sure. Too Quick. Yeah. Usually takes him five Years. Two in a row for sure. Too fast. Came right back. Came right back. Couldn't be happier for my brother, man. Good rapping on there, huh? Good West Coast. Shit. Second half of this project is nuts, but so It is the first half. That second half is more about my, more my back, more when he slow it down and get moody on these niggas.


He just did something on this album and, and, and the Herbert Project. 'cause my biggest knock about really, really, really lyrical rappers is it don't make a lot of times, it doesn't make to a good listen and easy listen. So he actually made it where this album is easy on the ears. He didn't really dumb it down. Mm. 'cause he's still rapping. Rapping. Yeah. But I guess the uptick in production. Yeah. You could hear It Is It is like it balanced it out better. He's got Bobst sticker guff a little bit. Yeah. Or a lot of it. I love that problem Record. Yeah. He got a bunch of joints on there where it's a bop. Your head, your head is nodding.


But you're still rapping though. Like a lot of times an artist That is just super, super, super lyrical. When they try to do that, they'll abandon the rap rap part. You niggas can rap all you want. If that beat ain't beating, that beat ain't beating. You gonna have a hard time buddy. So Salute the soul. 'cause you, you, you found a, a really nice marriage to be able to rap over the right beats Solo. Congratulations man. I could not be happier for you. Congratulations to Tyler. The creator is, well I want to say for the second week numbers. That was nice. I didn't see it. Buck 50. Wooh. Buck You pushing gold on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.


West Coast. What you gonna do? What you going to do? Stay here. I can't wait for us to get our resurgence going About New York. Yeah. I don't know if it's coming No time Soon we had it. It was, it was, it was almost there. It's coming. Peace pop smoke. But I think that Pop smoke had This shit in the palm in his hands. He did. He did. That's facts. Yeah. Nationally we had it right there. He was, he was on the way. What else? What else, what else? They've added Felony, felony accounts to Dirk. Shit. Y'all saw it? I did not. Two more. Yeah, they added two more to Dirk. Shit. Shit. Y'all put Fanny Willis back in charge over there. Huh? I don't want to hear no more about your favorite rappers and they ricos and free such and such or such and such to.


Its backwards. Whatever y'all, I don't want to hear that y'all play Fanny Willis right back. Hm. They did. Told you what her plan was. Told you what she was going to do. Put it back. Do You think it was a mistake for Kamala to not reach out to Stacey Abrams? A thousand percent. Mm, thousand percent. Mark, I I'm just, I don't know if Sta Stacey Abrams didn't run a great campaign. She lost too. I'm just, I don't know if she was doing my voice. She should reached out to somebody though. She was greatly responsible for Biden and the turnout out there and rallying people and getting them together to get out and do what they had To do. I'm just saying, I I'm not talking about when she ran The people Talking about what she did.


I think the people who she rallies, I think came out for Kamala. I, I think It is what we've been saying all day. I don't, it was interesting. Calm That Kamala side, a stubborn boy, nigga. I'm not, I'm not These niggas. It interesting you earlier, bro. Listen to shit. People that she picked only brought out the people. Not only, but the people that she had, even the celebs and all of that spoke to the people that was gonna vote for her anyway. It was, It was, it was interesting that Stacey Abrams like, I didn't see any sign of her. That's a mistake. I sure I don't, I have no problem saying it was a mistake if you feel like it was a mistake. What I'm saying is I don't think even Saying that, don't say that you feel it was a mistake. That's what Feel at all. Okay. What I'm saying, I'm not dying on this hill. 'cause I don't, I just don't think even, even if it was a mistake, I'm saying I don't think it would've mattered.


I'm saying that the people who weren't voting for her weren't listening to Stacey Abrams. I'm just saying I think the mistakes that Kamala Harris made were so much deeper than bringing out Stacey Abrams or not. That's all I'm saying. I'm not saying you're wrong. I'm saying I think it's much bigger than that. You keep remixing what we saying differently. We saying she compounded mistake or mistake or mistake or mistake. Right. And I'm saying we Are not pointing to one specific Thing. I understand what you're saying and I'm saying, I'm saying I don't believe that Stacey Abram, the, the mistakes that she made aren't representative of or represented in the Stacey Abrams thing. I, the biggest mistake I think she made is she didn't reach out to the poorest or the poor black people. And she didn't reach across the other side to the people who she needed in her coalition. And I'm saying I don't, I'm not convinced Stacey Abrams would've been helpful with either of those things.


I still think she should have reached out to her. But I'm just saying I think the mistakes were so much bigger than that. I don't, I just don't think she ran a good campaign. So the fact that the from top to bottom, the black men voted heavily. Well, not heavily, but a nice percentage of the black men vote in Atlanta is how she lost. Right. And I'm not sure. So when, when you're trying to get people out for the, the governor's race or the Senate race in Georgia, a lot of It is about turnout. If, if black people turn out, they're going to vote Democrat. The problem in this race was there are a lot of black Democrats who were willing to turn out, but weren't willing to vote for Kamala Harris. And I'm just not convinced that Stacey Abrams would've helped with that problem. That's all I'm saying. You're right. 'cause some of the states, the Democratic sweat, the state With the exception of Kamala. And that's what I'm saying. Democrats were coming out, going Democrat all the way down and still not picking her.


That's a different problem. Which says, Do you think that Trump won North Carolina or that she lost North Carolina? I think both That is point, which says I think both. I think that's good. It says she didn't resonate With the people if they went all the way down a democratic ballot and did Democrat, Democrat, Democrat. Except for when it came to her. I, I think also, I think we, Obama got some of us spoil. We starting to think Georgia, North Carolina states, the Democrats win. I mean, those aren't traditional Democratic states. He was exceptional in that way. So I don I ain't mad at her for losing North Carolina. I'm mad at her for losing Pennsylvania, Ohio, Wisconsin, the blue, the blue wall, Michigan. Yeah. Think things Michigan, which were all winnable and they dropped the ball on those. That's that's what I'm saying. I don't, you know, Georgia, you know, should, should have been blue at this point, given how thick Atlanta is.


Fulton County. DeKalb County But. yeah. I don't know. Again, there were a lot of mistakes that campaign made. I I I'm ready for the next thing. I'm ready for the next can candidate. I'm ready for the next campaign. Sure. And I want to encourage everybody who's watching to not just think about this is a every four year thing. No, there's the midterms. Yep. Coming Up. There's the midterms. Midterms coming up every year. Really? Every six months in your city, there's probably, probably something you need to vote for. Because honestly, whether Kamala Harris or Donald Trump is president, your life is more impacted by who your mayor is. By who your city council is. By the state legislator. That's how these laws are getting passed. All All That, we, we bitch about Yeah. Education all the time. Yep. Those are elected officials. Yeah. And most states, the school board is elected and so you can pick, and we're not picking because we're, we're showing up every four years.


Republicans show up every month to school board meetings, to this, to this, to this. And they control the entire situation. And we show up every four years. City, Council city. That's the shit we should be worried about. Can can you or Mel offer any words to the people that may still be down and out about the results? Can you tell me anything about what you think he actually will or will not change in the next few years? A word to the women out there that are feeling down and feel like they don't have any rights and the next four years is about to be held. Like, is there a positive word we could offer? I don't want it to sound like we are just highlighting on Kamala mistakes. Like can we, can we offer a word to the people that aren't feeling well? My mom didn't feel well next day.


Yeah. My Whole group chat, family chat, my nigga disarray. Yeah. Yeah. I had to have, you had to have uncomfortable conversations. For sure. That's why I don't want to even crack the, like obviously some of our family members are taking this real personal, I don't want to tot the line about this Trump shit. I don't want to offend anybody. You know what I mean. Yeah. Because they taking it more personally than I'm taking it. Yeah, for sure. People are devastated. But I, I think the, you know, there's the expression, you know, only when it's darkest can you see the stars. I mean, our best organizing work has happened at the worst moments. And I've been an activist organizer since I was a teenager. And our biggest moments were under Bush. We got some of our biggest gains under Bush. And even though Republicans, Republicans are controlling everything that usually means in the next election, Republicans lose ground.


So this is the opportunity now to start thinking about registering voters, thinking about how we can get this, the house and the Senate from the Republicans. We can do that right now and get a lot of stuff going to win. So don't look at this as a moment to be sad or to cry. Look at this as a moment to organize. You only get what you organize for. Good point. Very good point. I think the world ain't gonna change much for most people. That's facts. And so I think that like he's saying, I think it ain't gonna get better for most Americans. And so now people are always looking for hope and it's gonna switch, yo, they fucked up last time. We gonna vote over here this time. Yo, they fucked up. We gonna vote over here this time. I think that, you know what I'm saying? It's recency bias. And so I think the economy's gonna get worse. Yep. And people gonna be looking for hope.


Help hope, pardon me in the next four years is I had a real ignorant thought during All That shit when All That shit was going on. I was like, y'all think the street's going to fucking make y'all stop abortions the streets? Somebody didn't know how to give abortion gonna hit the streets then. But that, but that leads to more cash. That's the, That's scary. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not true. That's not true. I'm talking about the people that really do them do the abortion, the streets to do them. I just, I just really at a premium, I just really wish that people would expand their thinking when it comes to what abortion actually means. It is not just some woman who got pregnant on a fucking one night stand.


It is, It is not that. There's abortions that are needed. DNCs. It's called a DNC when a woman is carrying a fetus. That is deceased. Deceased. There's so many circumstances in which a woman needs this kind of procedure that has nothing to do with Being irresponsible negligence In your responsible pregnancy or Exactly. Negligent behavior has nothing to do with it by and large. It's less about that and more about women's healthcare. And That is the reframing that just can of, of thinking. That just does not stick. I I and women will continue to fucking die and be forced to carry, you know, dead children inside of them.


Like it's fucked up. Yeah. I, I, I and men just don't, you know, by and large really feel like this affects them, but it does. But They're obsessed with controlling it. And, and that's the thing that frustrates me the most. You know what I mean. Like, I, I don't think it's my, I'm not that obsessed with what women do with their bodies. You know what I mean. I may have my own beliefs about abortion one way or the other, but at the end of the day, I feel like that's, that should be a woman's choice. And it seems like especially on the right, they're so obsessed With, the determining what women do with that, that I'll never understand. It is like, we control every other part of the world now we gotta control this other thing too. And, and it's It is causing, it's causing people to die. Yeah. It is, it's especially poor people across, across It is cost, It is cost.


It's causing people to die or to have a whole bunch of children that are really fucking fucked up situations. You know? And it's like Republicans are pro-life Up until a certain fucking, until the Baby, until the baby's born. Until the baby's born, then they don't give a fuck. They don't give a fuck about it. Right. Yeah. We pro-life, but they don't care if you die of malnutrition. They don't care if the mom dies, giving baby, giving birth to the baby. They don't care if you die in public house. They don't care if you die in bad schools. They don't care if you die from like a healthcare. They don't care if you die from Abuse and neglect Abuse. They don't care about none of that shit until it's time to kill somebody. With the death penalty. Then they can't. And then they're, Then they're not pro-life, then They're totally off the table pro-life. Then they finally say it. Yeah. Now we prode. But really they, they're, they're, they're just anti abor. They're not pro-life. They're anti-abortion. And, and and, and we don't organize well enough to stop that and, and to call 'em out on that shit.


There are 47, 40 8 million registered Democrats. There's 35 registered Republicans and they still win 35 million registered Republicans. They still win the races. It's not because they have more people. It's because they're better organized. They're more consistent time out. They show up for each other. You know? And we just don't do that. We just don't do that. And I'm not, I'm not a democrat. I'm just saying people who oppose that. I don't know man. We, we just got a lot of work to do and it's very frustrating sometimes, Especially when shit like gets overturned and then we get thrown back 50 fucking years. Right. Right. So, and, and that to me, that was the biggest stakes of this elect. I'm, I'm not that worried about Donald Trump as president. Yeah. The Four years there is nothing. Yeah, We can, we can, we can, we can eat that. The Three potential justices is something that we gonna live for, for the next 50 Years.


If Clarence Thomas gets replaced by another Clarence Thomas, Jesus Christ. Oh my God. You looking at 30, 40 more years of that shit that that's the scariest part of all of it. To me, this whole shit could be upset then. But we, but the good news is we can fight it and we can win. True. Well, let's clap then. If, if that was spank you, that's good news. Let's clap. We seen This shit. Nah, I'm good. It's, It's well, you good, you rich Like you talking to who? Rich? All y'all? I don't know no niggas name Rich. I'm not rich. Trump really fighting for y'all. Y'all Who? Yahoo. Oh? yeah. you must be heard. Yahoo was the drink. No, Yahoo is a search internet site, website and a website. Yeah. You who was the drink? I'm sorry. We all doing okay though?


We not rich, but we doing okay. Okay. Meaning better than people is like, you know, stringing meals together. I Would agree. With. the, gotcha. That's all I'm Saying we're not missing any meals. Goes out to All. That. Yeah. You get give back. So, Oh, I, I try to, yeah, I try to, man, I try to help wherever I can. DDG Holly Bailey. Yeah. She was upset. Co-parenting rules. The dos and the don'ts. DDG was scheduled to appear in Kai Net's dream. He brought him and Hailey's Halo beautiful child. Halo Haley posted on, on socials.


Hey, I'm outta town right now, but I wanna let y'all know I'm going through postpartum and I totally disagree with my child being shown on this live stream. I would just like to find out these things before the rest of the world Word. It's not a direct quote, but something to that effect. He did the stream. I watched some of it. It was just funny because he was funny. He, he was funny and I don't wanna smoke, so I ain't telling y'all what was funny about it, but how do we feel about this? A lot of dads in here. Does anybody here feel like they need to check with moms before they bring their kid on one of the biggest live streams in the world? Absolutely. No. No.


I think it depends on what agreement hate That's True. I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna tell you. It depends on what agreement they have. I'll use myself as an example. Y'all know where I stand. You can't tell that other person what to do, no matter what. I know people think they can, you can't when you're not in the household with them no more. You could talk to you blue in the face, but they can do what they want to do. Y'all can agree on certain things. Me and my daughter's mom, we agree that we don't put her on the internet. That's an agreement we have. Now, let's say we ain't have that and I just didn't want something to happen. I have zero control over that. All you can do is ask talk, but at the end of the day, you need to be with somebody who, or procreate with someone who understands and y'all on the same page with certain Things.


At the very least, he could have, you know, paid her enough respect and decency to like let her know ahead of time. What she's saying is, I would've liked to have found out before the rest of the world found out. Like, saw this. Lemme ask you a question. Yeah, I, I mean, lemme ask you a question. If she posted a kid on her Instagram page, does she owe him that same explanation? I don't know. I think So. I'm asking you. I 100%. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I I just think that's a big rule. Especially if you're famous. you know what I mean? I understand that every single thing is different in every single situation, but if you are famous, you probably already have an understanding that you don't want your kid to be, But that's to be predetermined in conversation. One, that's not an assumption.


And two, you're talking about somebody, the younger famous people who live their lives in front of camera's and on the internet that's come from, he's had this child on the internet a million times as have sheep. They have both had the child on the internet. So it's not like we got this whole, we don't want our kid on the internet thing. And Oh, Shit, I found out you're doing something that I probably wouldn't have approved of. We've been moving this way with our kid on the internet. That's, that's a great point. Now if, if that's how we move, that's different. Exactly. But I'm just, I I was answering the general question of I if my kid ain't on the internet, you co-parent. Right Then if my kid ain't on, ain't on the internet. Don't put on, don't put my kid on the internet. That was where I was answering from. I didn't know that they'd, they both had already had their kid on the internet.


They then, If y'all are on the internet, then it sounds like some personal relationship. He has pictures that she's posted in and working out in the gym and stuff and had the child right there faces clear as neck. Oh yeah. No. And he's done things as well where he's posted the child as clear as day. I mean it, so y'all are both posting the kid on the internet. This to me just sounds like a personal issue. Yes, yes. It sounds like we broke up. Yeah. And a lot of times some control comes in. I want to control what you can do over there. And in the way of doing That is, Hey dog, I didn't approve of that and I'm gonna weaponize people against you. Yeah. I didn't like that. And, And no, and no reality. Listen, I'm a hypocrite, so I, I wouldn't want, listen, I wouldn't want anybody to do anything with my children without my permission.


But there's nothing that you can do about it. Right. And, and when it comes down to it, if how I would feel, no, I wouldn't want it, but there's nothing I can do about it. My reaction after I can react to it, but there's nothing I can do about it. Right. I feel like, you know, the baby was safe. He was with his father and I feel like, you know, it was, she just tried to weaponize the fans against him at that, at that point, it was a bad move to me. And that's it mean She came back and apologized for Me. Yeah. She did shout out to her for doing that. She said she good for her. Yeah. She and shouts to him for, for even after that. Shouts to that you don't see a lot. That was her apology. Yeah. She came back and Apologized. She came back and acknowledged that she might have overreacted. Didn't, it wasn't an apology. It was acknowledgement.


Oh, okay. Big difference. She praised, she didn't apologize. She praised how good of a daddy was. Exactly. She said, I may be overreacted, But that's basically the response. She said some More stuff. Is that accountability? The maybe? No. Is that acknowledging the maybe? No, no, no. Because she 100% said I may be overreact. It's the girl apology. Yeah. Yes. I mean, we'll take it. Do You believe postpartum? Go Ahead, Martin. Get your shit off. Nope. Y'all, y'all gonna say I'm pand. I'm not gonna say I, I I enjoy, I don I don't think it's a girl apology. I think it's just how, I think people in general relationships are, are bad at apologizing. I think dudes do the same shit. I think we say shit like, I'm sorry if you were, I'm, I'm sorry you were mad as opposed to I'm sorry I made you mad. Right. We don't take accountability for our role in that shit.


And I think No, but the semantic is important because It is, It is about, it's just like her shit was semantic. Right. I may be overreacted as opposed to I weaponized my fan base against you. And, and by misleading them about the situation. To me, if you, if you go public With the attack, you gotta go public. With the apology. That's all I'm saying. And I think we, I think everybody does that shit. I think, I think everybody does that shit. I Agree. Mark Kent, you won't. You you came. You Won't get me. Corey. It is not, It is not cap. It is the facts. You, you don't listen. I'm listening. I'm listening, sir. She didn't, women have a hard time acknowledging things. They have their own way of apologizing. Especially if you have a following as well. We seen that firsthand.


Like she, they have It is the truth. They have a hard time acknowledging and taking accountability. Can I ask you a question? Do you think men are good at apologizing? Yes. Yes. Question When we are sincere. Yeah, of course. Can I ask you a question? Yeah, but Now y you hold on. Go ask me the circumstances. What will make you apologize is different. I think that we are great at apologize. If our woman is about to walk out and we have to apologize, nigga, we become Oh, that's different. No, I'm just saying. But we argue. What? That's everybody. I would apologize. No, that that's duress. That's, that's like what I'm under. When I, when at the last moment I finally apologized. Go Newark, You be hanging your hat on shit. That is not wrong. Right? Like, I'm not never gonna say majority of men know how to apologize.


What I will say is It is a thing. The girl apology, like, we didn't come up with that. No, but the dude apologies is what I just described. But we, We why are we apology? I didn't make that up. We didn didn't make that up. I've never Heard that be a thing. The dude politic Never. I literally you just made it up. Nigga I didn. You've never heard that either. You never heard it. You've never heard the dude apology. Alright, so what is the dude apology? Yeah. He just said, I are you hungry? I know. I'm sorry that you felt that way. And in fact, not only is, not only is it not something off the dome, not only is something I made up, go watch the office. There's a moment where Kelly Kapo actually I That's not All That. That's, that's just gimme a little soundtrack.


Hey, Big Mark. Now go Ahead get This shit about the office. Kelly Kapo. Yeah. No, because you said I made it up. So I'm saying I'm gonna give you an actual example of I'm a fan of the, right. So, so when she says she's, he's giving a dude apology. Ryan does it to me all the time. Oh, I saw, I'm sorry. You. right. So I didn't just make it up. Got it, Got it. I, that's my, I'm using that example. I didn't just make it up. But the point is, dude, the dude apology is, I'm sorry you felt that way. It's to not take accountability for our role in making them feel that way. It's a classic thing that people talk about all time. I didn't just make that up now. And I'm saying, I'm not saying no, That happens for sure. And I'm not saying that women don't, I, my issue is everybody has this problem, but we tend to stigmatize certain people. But you're acknowledging that there's a apology. This boy right here. Why we even talking about the are acknowledging Mark.


No, no, no, no. Here's a mark. Here's why. Mark, here's, here's why. Right? It's, it's It is like, if I were to say, you know, you know, black people really spend more than they make. Right? Everybody spends more than they make. But as soon as I say black people, now it sounds like it's a unique black people problem. There's something wrong with black people. So, right. So, and if a white person said they'd be, wait a minute, white people This shit is fucked up too. My point is, everybody's fucked up. But if we only sound like women are fucked up, we not doing that. We talking, we're about a woman weaponize gave a bad apology. You said women are bad at apologies. Not people are bad at you can just say people are bad at apologies and she's one of 'em. But we talking about women, let's just keep, we talking about let's not about people. But it's nothing about her being not women, not women. It's a very big conversation. But it's nothing about her being a woman that made her bad at it's her. It's just being a person in a relationship.


We, bro, that's what I'm saying. Thank you. We, we won't broach it. Alright, we can leave. Okay. Hold. She, she's Christian, right? For example, let's he Christian, right? We don't know man. It is a hypothetical. A baby named Halo might be Alright. So I could say based on, well, Christians are bad at apologies. Look at hell. Look at hell. Right? But they wouldn't make sense 'cause nothing about her Christianity that made her do that. I can say people from this city are like, that ain't nothing, ain't got nothing to do with it. It's the fact that she's a human being. Question are bad at making a policy. Do women have a hard time taking accountability? I think all people have a bad time. I asked you a direct questions, yes or no. That is, but no. Yes, you ask. You lemme ask you no, ask you no, I can't. Don't ask me. No question. No. Here's a better way of, you're stupid ass, fucking question.


Do you think that women have a d You attack me for Having more difficult time taking accountability than men do. And the answer fucking no. Holy shit. The Answer is no. Let's, the Answer's mother fucking no. The answer fucking no. Because you guys do not know every single person on this fucking earth. Neither do you. Neither do you. Neither do you. People. People just level the fucking field. You didn't just do it. You Did not. You said Men have a harder time taking no. That Is exactly what she said. Said, That's what just fucking said. Said she Said. She said, do you think women have a harder time than men? And the answer is no. And she answered it. She said, the answer is no. So it's Not people then it's one or the Other. I No, Listen, listen, listen.


She said, do you think men have a harder time? She said no. Meaning they're the same. She's saying they're the same. Lemme ask you a question. I'm literally saying they're the fucking same. Literally saying they're the same. Lemme ask you a question Mark. It is okay if we're up here and all the men up here take accountability. But the one person never takes accountability. That's a woman. Where are we basing our judgment off of? And you didn't vote. Maybe I'm asking you a question. Answer it directly. All I'm Answering it Directly. All men up here that's up here. We all take accountability. But the person that's a woman up here has a hard time taking accountability. Are You talking about me? I'm asking you Mark. I don't, I don't have enough information about the situation. But, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't assume that, I wouldn't assume that whatever the issue is. 'cause she's a woman. It's not a dis It's not a dis, are you?


Yeah. Yeah. It is you just cursing me. It's not a dis to you. Yes. It is Mel, I'm not Mel, you have a hard time taking. You admit It. No, I do not. I you know what, y'all motherfuckers abuse the shit out of that fucking phrase. Okay. Calm down with that shit. Got you ma'am. Let's, let's say hypothetically that that's true. Right? I don't know anything about y'all situation, but even if that were true, and I'm not saying It is, I don't know nothing about y'all situation Got it, that doesn't mean it's 'cause she's a woman. It means just the person that she is. I don't know the situation. That's logical. You. right? Okay. Keep that same logic when you start talking about other shit though. Because under that same exact guys, then you could start to with your racial shit when it came to Kamala Harris, then that same exact logic is supposed to be applicable there.


And you pick Sure. It is, you pick and choose though, when You, how so? Because you're saying that she had a hard time in certain instances because she was a female or she had a certain hard time in certain instances because she was black under that particular guys that you're saying, then all things should be level. Right? Except there's evidence when people explicitly say like I, we were just watching video, so It's a flips point. And I'm not shooting at you. I was using his hypothetical that if we are up here and it's, it's evidence and it's over a period of time that this is X, then it It is safe to say that X is the norm. But now, but you, but you're using your example. And I feel a little uncom. I'm even using Mel. Okay. What I'm saying is, let, let's take, take Mel off table, don comfortable, Whatever The date It is, let's say there's five dudes and one woman in another room let's, it's, it's possible that that woman just as good is not good at taking accountability.


But that's not proof that women are bad. I'm agreeing with you. That's what I'm, I'm not making any judgment about that situation because I don't know it. I'm that, so all I'm saying is if you look in human examples, because I've heard y'all criticize Joe, and I've heard y'all say Joe doesn't take accountability. He don't. Right, but you don't say, dudes don't take accountability. Never. I didn't say the woman thing. Never. Alright. Part I said that. So, so I say people when it come to a lot of shit. Right. Because that's my, that's My point. I'm, I'm a lone dude that stands on sometimes. Yo, it's It is bad guys. It's bad women, it's bad white people, it's bad Black people. And that's all Im saying. I Try to hold a lot of shit to the, to the even standard. Like it's bad people of all races. It is bad people of all genders. So all of that shit across the board I think is a case by case Basis.


And that's all I'm saying. So I'm not gonna step out in the world and say black people, black people or or, or, or women or tall people or whatever have a thing. Right? You Do. 'cause you say white people have a thing. The difference is it's not because they're white. It's not their whiteness. It's the, and that's the difference. There's nothing inherent about white people that makes them hate black people. But we live in a society that treats white people in a certain way and that, and that privileges white people in a certain way. You're pivoting. I'm not And I'm saying, and and, and the evidence shows that there are differences, right. But there, I wouldn't just walk into the room and make a blanket assumption about a pers a a particular white person. you right. You know what I mean and anything about their white, it's not their inherent whiteness. Right.


But y'all are saying there's something about women just by being women that makes them I whoever's making this claim, she didn't say that. I said that. Yeah, yeah. You are saying that there's something about women just by virtue of being women that makes them not accountable. Women coming women, there're men in the world. There're women in the world and the women are not accountable. And I'm saying I don't believe that to be true. Okay. I believe that we find, we look at accountability differently for different people. Got it. But I believe men and women are unaccountable. And you asked me earlier, I agree. Do women have a hard time being? Sure. Right. But I'm saying everybody does. So I could have said to you, you could asked me, do Christians have a hard time being accountable? I would've had to say yes. If you said, do Muslims have a hard time being accountable, I would've had to say yes, I agree with you because I think that's human. But so if you, but if you just focus on that subset, Got it, it makes it seem as, it's like if I said, do people from queens have a hard time being accountable? I agree with you. You'd say yes, right? I would say no.


Well of course you would. But if I said do women from the Bronx have a hard time being accountable? You say yes. But it's nothing about them being from the Bronx. It's just people. I'm saying. And, and I think that that's all I'm saying. It becomes much about, too much about women, I think and not enough about people being bad in relationships. I don't think Gregory Hines could step on the same field as you Ion lava. None of em. He whoop they eyes. Sammy Davis, they can't fuck With you. Yo, you your game. You one of the goats of This shit. Yeah. Honestly, if nobody on CN told you that Was you in the Eighties, I didn gonna tell you your game. You are one of the ghosts. That's how I can't say, but that's how, that's, that's yo that Boy can't say it.


That's not it. I can't say, Hey, hey audience, please just read my mind this episode. This is how niggas, you know, you know That, that political swag. But, but here's the crazy, that political sauce. See what I mean? Here's the crazy shit y'all. And I see this all the time. You say pander all the time. I see it on the, I didn't call you pander. I said, that's why I pointed to this. I do, I do. Yeah. You just implied it. Right? And you, you make it sound like it's a strategy to get yams or something. Right? And that's, that's the, that's the, the SubT. I just Got it. Got it. Yeah. I think first of all, I don't need to do that. Right. I did just fine. That That Don't say that you haven't done it. I haven't. That's not my, that's, that's not my Game. You have 100%. Got You. Are not familiar with my game, sir.


You I am though. No, I mean you, you are. You are. I am though you are. No, no, no. That's the problem. You're familiar With the score of the game. Yes. The outcome of the game. You don't know the X's and the O's. And what I'm trying to tell you is it's no hustle. I'm just me. I'm just me. And that works out. Give up, Got it up for more. Absolutely. Giving up for more. I put my hands past my hoodie if you think I'm clapping your fucking mind, nigga. Ish. No, It is true. Like, and, and, and so Mark, I'm I, I haven't spoken the Ish about the matter, but I think I can speak four Ish in the matter.


We are of the belief that you have 100% used. Your political, Harvard political prowess, your fucking, all of that smooth intellect shit to get yams. I know that you married, we can't talk about it. No, no. Look. But you have fucked off the strength of your brain. That's different. That's different. I can't, people may be attracted to intelligence. What was your major in undergrad? I don't even remember. What was it? Psychology, political science. Nah, neither was, it was a Spanish I believe. Getting bitches that like smart niggas. Women who, that's a bag too. It is a bunch of them. That's What I'm saying. Women who Are lean towards the women's side. Yo. Nah, that's everybody. That's the part I'm disagreeing with you. These men. Yo, these men.


I don't even see how y'all put up with these men. Yeah man. Yo, these men. I people, if I said it about the Christians, that's the part, the part It is just, that's the part I'm disagreeing with. I'm saying you might, women are attracted to intelligence. So yeah, I I there are women who are attracted to intelligence. Right? That's different. But this idea that I defend women's rights or something as a pander or to to, to get some kind of opportunity. It's not, I really believe it. You might find it hard to believe. I believe that there are men who believe, believe that's I'm you. I believe that you believe it. I think you really Believe This shit. Like wherever Hillman. But I think it started Whatever he was talking about over there. I think it started off as a game though. And then you just started to believe that I was just raised to actually, you Like the intelligence Dahmer, like you was, You was like Hitting your mark, Mark Bundy.


That nigga. Yeah. That nigga wasn't as bad. He a smart nigga. He was knocking the ball. He killed the Intelligence bitch. Mark bun nigga. You was having conversation nigga. You had conversations in the nigga. The bitch came out. You had conversations in the club, nigga. Yeah. That wasn't me. That's what I'm saying. You were in I club having, talking about doctrines and shit. Oh, you know, do you think you wanna do this nigga? That's game. You got bitches rethinking they life in the middle of 10,000 being Thrown around. If this Kamala loss would result in a gain for you and getting As you were single. If you were single, this Ka of loss would, would pay huge dividends. Nah, I could tell you lying. You stood up. That's not how I move real. You Even got your Kamala loss fatigues on. Yeah.


Legs. Oh, Shit resist. Yeah, you went to war, you went Yeah. Laugh with us lr. Remember game. Remember what side you're nigga laugh with Us. Oh man. You got the LLR show on the legs. Love assist man. Nah man. It is, there's no hustle too. Where did We fall on the DDG matter? 'cause I left. I think it's a bigger conversation to be had. I know. We don't want to jump on it though. Yeah. Co-parenting. I mean co-parenting is a big conversation. I mean, I'm a hypocrite when it comes to it, but there's nothing we can do about it. Some niggas run they shit the way they run they shit. But I think we all on the same page with this one. Like, if, if that's how they move, you can't suddenly get mad because y'all put you on this particular platform if people on Instagram.


So when we see a father with his child, you know, we, we complain. And when the father not with his child, we like, it's just a lot. Like, it's so much. It's, I can go so deep into this child. I think that's foul of women to assume that there's danger when the, when the child child With their dad. Yeah. I ain't like that part. I agree. And There is a, there is a thing of women saying it ain't Your Child, you're in danger. And I, I'm uncomfortable With the child doing whatever With the dad when the dad is just at Fridays or some shit that, that has Been With the baby. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That has been a thing. Yo wife violent ass Fridays. Yo, I feel like my cow child's in danger. I'm sending a wellness check to Fridays. I've been, I'm on the side of having a wellness check done when we was in there playing Connect four.


Damn. Yeah, I figured you. That's wild. Like I've, I've gone, I've gone through it. So for her to weaponize and I didn't like that whole postpartum thing. Nope. Yeah. Postpartum with all due respect to women that are going through postpartum. That wasn't a time I didn. I didn't understand the connection between the postpartum and the rest of the statement. Look at all I'm going through and now I have to deal with this as I'm going through This was the connection. Well, Postpartum is when your emotions are. No, no, I know. Postpartum. Yeah. I, I just meant, I didn't know why she, I I was trying to, I was confused by why she put in He the healed nigga. Yeah. He healed him from that shit. Heal the world. Make it a better place. Yeah. Postmark them. Y'all so slick. That boy right there.


I watch you in that. Yo, your fool us. No action. You ain't see me. No action. I watch you and neither of you, although made me by, by extension. But meaning that meaning how you, like I watch you when, when you know, when the time we filmed, I just watch how you very respectful to your significant other Yeah. man. It is little brother. You just, you I listen to whatever you say It is. It is It is your It is your world shout. I just hear and catch it. I like that. So again, like me, I'm aggressive. Like me, I'm the, I I'm the man of the house. Right. But you Oh Shit, you just, you just play your position. IIII have a healthy, happy, reciprocal mutual relationship. I'm the man of my house. But you play your position. You like all Got it do whatever.


Lemme lemme pick up the fridge. Lemme sweep your office. Lemme do it up. I like that shit. Okay, so here's what actually happened, right? My wife asked me to move shit. There's a portable refrigerator. Oh dog, I'm with you. And she said, can you, can you, can you move it outta my office so that they can Janet can put it out in your mind as the man house. I should had her move the refrigerator. No, you should move the refrigerator. But that's not the only thing I'm talking about. What else should I do? Conversations. The interactions. I can just tell. Well, she's my peer. What do you want me to do? Course. How big is the fridge? How don't understand that? How big was the fridge? You know that right? It was big. How big was the fridge? A heavy It was a dorm. Little mini. Oh, she can get that. No, no. I lost. No, no, no, no. I been with your knees. No, I love the way you did the No, I I like how you I respect that shit.


Yeah. It opened my eyes to new things. Even though I stand the way this was new to you. The idea of like not no, you, you, you, you, you see, you, you picking the fridge part. I'm not talking about the, what else did I do? We, I'm talking about the encounter with your partner. I asked you certain questions as well as that. Who runs the house? We had a conversation. Yeah. And you admitted to me what it was. Mark Wouldn't fuck the robot on subservient. Nah, he wouldn't, He wouldn't. Did you See the robot? I don't even know what that means, but I'm pretty sure I wouldn't fuck the robot. You would not fuck the robot. It's A movie where Meg Fox is playing the robot we talked about on the Patreon episode. Oh they did? I seen it on the internet. With, the Dude folded while his wife was sick in the hospital. He not only fuck Well, how sick we, we talking like Alzheimer's, like never coming back. Need A new heart. You know, it was like, Oh no, you can't fuck the world after she got a heart condition.


But they didn't know that she was y'all big. I said, chase, go. No, what I'm saying is, was there bro, there was that case at a homegirl home. Keep trying to be down. Fuck outta here. Homegirl up in, in Harlem. I shouldn't say homegirl. She, she ran a restaurant that was racist, but she probably was. But anyway, she had, she had Alzheimer's who was never coming back. She was outta the world. To me. That's A oh B Smith. B Smith. That's a different situation. You know what I mean. That was wild. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was walking around with a new woman. I think she was white too. And so people felt living in the house. Living in the house. And people felt away because Yeah. You didn't hear the story the way he did. No, she Told I know the fucking story.


I know the fucking story story. Tell her Mel, if you want his story, she, But people say, yo, that's fucked up. But it's like, okay, at that point your wife is not really alive anymore. But you ain't gonna do that. Like you happy, like you're not doing that. I, what? What which part? What? I said I you paying The gun? Stick with him. You with him? How am I paying? I said I wouldn't do that. You said You, your wife is not alive anymore. Oh yeah. If the person's not alive, they hook to a machine. They have vegetable I think. Yeah, we've had talks about that. Like if I'm a vegetable and you just, I'm just plugged to the fucking car charger in the, in the whip. Get your shit off. Go ahead, do your thing. That's right. I'm dead now. Basic, but for all intent and purposes. But if I just got a, a heart murmur or, or, or you know what I mean? Like irai my ankle. Don't start fucking somebody.


That's crazy. See you putting heart this. Bring your ankles. Get Don't do that. Don't do that. I'm being hyperbolic. Fine. Don't be hyperbolic with us. I'm saying, Let me ask you this. What happens if they wake up out the coma? Then they'll tell me what happened if I was in a coma and they told me I ain't, I wasn't coming back and I wake up. They ain't Melyssa shit. You in the coma. Yeah, but I'm saying if I wake up from the, but we already have the agreement and we woke up from the coma. I wake up from the coma. Melissa's sitting there. My Wife. Your wife here, not your wife. I'm talking about a nigga wife's hair. And he's running around, she's running around bugging the fuck Out. Then we got some decisions to make, but I'm not mad at her. Well, so That's what my man did. With the robot. And I ain't mad at the, I, I dunno enough about the robot that had no judgment about it. I'm just saying he fucked her and the robot started using the wife's voice while the wife was in the hospital dying.


Oh, that's kind of crazy. That's crazy. That's crazy. That was the fucked up part. He came. But that's, I don't do none of that. See I don't do none of that. All I do is try to, I think in your, as a grown ass man, you gotta have a healthy, to have a healthy relationship. It has to be reciprocal. And I agree. I agree. Yes, I agree with that. I agree. And ice, you understand. Oh, everybody here understand everybody. That's all. But flip be clowning it. Like, oh nigga you, you talking equal. But flip says he don't have that and he admitted Lisa seats Outside. No, I do have it. Mm. Hold on, be careful. I know what you told me about on the air, But. yeah, but be careful. You said I'm the man of the house. I see some shit. Careful if you say I see some shit too. Nigga. Nigga gotta say that. They don't be the man of the house. Oh, they never be the man of the house. Hold on. Just say that. He be in the closet. No, no, no.


Let's talk about it. Listen, my wife and I have an understanding because of the path that I've chosen financial abuse, right. We are here, nigga. And Right. And on top of that, allow it. It is recognized that I am the man of my home. What does that mean? I mean that I, I I, what I say goes No 'cause she doesn't listen. Caribbean people don't listen. So no facts. It is not what I say goes, you live by yourself. Mute up. It is not what I say goes, but which mean that I take care of everything I, you know, and Yeah. What I say goes in a way because you pay for everything. Yes, yes. Right. And so, so I make it. But that's how I would want nigga. That's no, lemme, lemme don't I raised my hand. No, stop. I can't go at you. Listen back to you.


I mean I want it to be like That. is it like that? Not necessarily. Do you really want it to be like that? No. You just saying shit now you ing Yes and no. Yes and no. If I pay everything, I don't want to complain. I don't wanna argue about nothing. But that's not how life goes. When you with a partner, she could say whatever. As much as It is my house. It is It is her house. She could do whatever. So you sound like me. You just, yo, I watched my wife buy Mad Nigga, you ain't helping me pay nothing in this fucking house. You buy mad fucking furniture nigga. But, but but see I don't want the furniture. But I can't say nothing. I can't throw it out. I gotta, but I feel away. Why do we have this furniture? Why you, why you consult me when you wanna do this living room? Over? Who the fuck, why I gotta come in for Pa. Oh, talk about it. We got a couch here. Talk about it. Why? About didn't ask me talk about it. But can't say I can't argue with because it's her shit too.


But I can say how I feel, feel sound like you don't got the control in the house. Sound like she shit. Obviously you walking the new couches and shit. I'm standing up. I'm standing, I'm still standing up for the the, I'm still standing up for the little bit of manhood I have left. You just concede Panda, yo. Oh yeah, but Melyssa, no disrespect. Yeah, wifey. Just take whatever you, you told me this yo flip. I don't argue with her. Yo It is a partnership. I listen and I no, I just don don argue. We, we disagree at times. Times. We talked about this, but it's a partnership. We make this, here's, I make 90% of the income in our household. Probably. Maybe. And you're not financially abusing. Nah. You say I'm fucking up. What's the point of making the money? I'm fucking up. I wanna be Parks. I I earned the money so that we can have a, because it comes in and that's the lifestyle that we live together.


But I don't, I don't see it as my money and not hers. I agree with that. I see it as our money and we make choices what we're gonna do with our money. I agree with that. But it's, I'm okay with that. With the crack, the I Agree with that. But it's But if it was the other way around, if it was the other way around, it would be her money. No it wouldn't. I'm a hundred percent on his boat. A thousand percent. You all Ish? I'm with him. Thank you. Yeah, Ish. 'cause you got some shit going on. You get off on Thursdays. You gotta understand This shit. Yeah, but Ish couldn't go to the Texans Cols game nigga. Shut up. He right. Yeah. That's So you Allall don't financially Abuse. Nah, we don't financially abuse. No, I don't think so. I submit to the, and here's the thing. Even when this dude you say I can't go, it's not that I can't go, go out, fuck the truth.


Not to for the sake of peace, we make choices together. And I respect that. When you told me that, when you had the listen, I'm playing around with you. I, at the end of the day, we think differently. We do. Yes. I'm a hypocrite nigga. I feel, I still feel how I feel regardless of what's happening in my home currently. It doesn't change how I feel. And I wish it could be different. You Know what the trade off Is? Oh see I'm the opposite. If I give you 30,000 for the month, shut the fuck up. You know what, Look, you know what the trade off is. Financial Abuse for $400. You not being able to pick. That's your trade off. Your trade off is, yo, I can come and go as I please. I could go outside six days a week. And when I come in the house, it's a Stop. I could grab Holly by the pussy, pick up in the air When I come and when I come.


You got Daisy do song Restoration heart. We are sitting That is the trade off. That's a trade Off up in the air by the pussy. You fucked the over she by a couch. I my By grabbing nobody by the pussy. I'm, I Ain't grab nobody by their vagina. And on top of that it With the Gooch. I didn't grab nobody by at the same time. Yo girls having a Gooch Crazy. Here's the thing. Here's the thing, yo, that's fucked up. He's the fucking menace man. Nigga grabbed her by The fucker. I didn't do that. Drove her around like Petey Pablo in North Carolina. Yo. Then we have a fight 'cause of that nigga who this same shit. You doing the same shit. Not 'cause of the person this same shit. You saying this is not true, sir.


That's the same shit while we be stop, stop doing that. This is not true. This is Not true. You said that as a jar, bro. That's not true. Because now when she wasn't listening to This shit, she could make some new friends. They putting her own the shit that's being said nigga. I love Holly. I love Holly too. She cool. No, and my girl know I love Holly. My girl know I love Holly. Listen my girl love Holly. I love Holly. Yo. Hi. But here I would pick up like that too. No, but listen, I can get away with different things. I wouldn't pick her up. I would just imagine picking her up. No, I picked up Holly like this. I didn't grab You Can't imagine that for $30. Yes I can. My brain works. No you can't. Yes I could. Yo tuck your little $30 And go show that nigga text me at one year.


Me and my niggas making it. Nah Nigga leave me alone. That's why he wanted you there. I'm in bed. I know what I did in there. Make him look real good. You stop playing with and you almost Stack. He don't make me look good. I did what I Hey ice, I don't make you look good. No lie on these airways. No Lie on the airway Lying. How you make me look? You are lying. Gimme an example. Not if you're gonna talk to me with ego. This Is ambiguous Duo part of the show. No, this is not me. Not If you gonna talk, if you're not gonna talk to me with ego, I'll the er Show thousand percent. It's That, that as You. All right. You know I gotta a quote in the top. But I'm gonna let you go.


I don't care about your quote Man. Okay, good. He stopped putting the cup down. Here he go. Ah, look, this would be Oh Shit. Lemme move the mic Because I don't understand it. So much tension. I I was who I was before I got here. So when we in the spot together and that little white girl that was with her boyfriend but kept inching her way over towards you as I was seated next to you, you don't think that that look us sitting together key Ken having a blast helped at all with that girl sending her a man to the bathroom so she could inch towards you. I don't even know what Honestly, What talking about answer my question. I don't imagine Talking. He's saying that She's like affirmative action for you in the club. You, you met that night, you helped Homegirl was choosing up.


She chose you but me and you was in our bag that night at the bar. We had it. You don't think that helped your look at all? Honestly, I'm not even trying to be funny. I don't recall what Even though, even though you Don't remember it, what he's saying, he's insinuating that would you call It is affirmative action. It is affirmative action for you. His presence helps you out. You Just need a little extra, just a extra, extra notes. So now I'm, I'm not saying I'm the reason I didn't say that. I'm about You help but that look okay In the spot On a hot presence. Stop me. Yo. I'm gonna answer you. Don't Let him, let him cook. Let him answer. He, oh, I don't remember. Yo, I don't Remember. You know what we do? I do know what we doing. So let ask stop playing with me.


So lemme ask you this. Two things. I got two questions. You wanna answer this question first? Absolutely. Okay. One who's to say that if Corey or Ice or Marcus there, the girl don't do the same thing. That's one. Y'all gonna let him say that? That's Let him talk. That's one. I think it's a strong point. She'd be Yeah that's one of course that's number one I'd be bringing to hair and shit Courtney. Y'all niggas. Look I would be brave man. That's, that's one. And then the second question is, even if you're not there, I'm by myself. Who's to say she don't do the same thing? Can I answer your first question? Absolutely. You and Corey and Pergola do what me and you and Pergola do? No, I'll answer.


No. All yo yo. Moving on man. Alright. Answer my second question, Joe. I answer my first question. I answered your question. He said your question, he said he didn't even recall the incident. You was talking question. I just asked that. I I I can't say yes or no because I haven't gone out with Cory enough. Nice. I'm moving on. I'm not doing this with, I'm not doing this with Ish or Mark. Y'all two niggas Got it from me. I want you to answer my second question. What second was it? My second question is, the girl don't do that if I'm by myself. Yes. So how was it you that made that happen? He, I never said I made that happen. Ish. He said the look the opposite.


I never said I made that happen. He said it helped. I said you do that on your own. Nigga ain't playing on your name. No. He do that by yourself. That nigga said this whole thing came from. What was his statement? He said He said it helped. It helped. He says that he helped. It makes it go faster. The look, the look. He said yo, you know what I do. Her smile got a little bigger. Crazy. Yeah her smile got bigger because he was there. Yo, you different bro. Yo nigga career is over. This nigga's a cuckoo clock. I'm telling you now. Now you a Corey. Get go to ProGo, take y'all asses to Flamingo in the, I'm gonna sit over there, we're gonna see what's going on. Good answer. This guy is great. I don't think it's nothing.


I'm It is an iso on y'all. If y'all wanna talk about that picking cotton thing. I don't know what That is. I ain't got, I saw that's the text that's flying around. We done talked enough. That's not my, we done talked enough political stuff man. We, I'm cool. I don't coming for politics. I'm cool. There's nothing else that I have to get to that's pressing on my heart, spirit, mind, body and soul. I'm, I'm all the way fine. Alright. Alright. All the way fine. Politics as usual. Listen, this is our last political episode. Yes. Ever until Trump starts separating the infants from they families again. Then I'll be back because I remember that you niggas that voted well until they cancel abortions in New Jersey, y'all niggas gonna be on the front line of the fucking picket. I know the lady who we be right in the Bronx.


Niggas right in the, in the Bronx Baker, Queens. Oh you here man you can't say that. No you fucking definitely nigga do when they ain't even vote yo fuck off. Right in Queens when they gave ass shots at the ladies is Back. I see y'all I gotta listen man. Mark has to go baseball. Mark Thank, you appreciate coming in brother. Appreciate y'all Thank. you love Mark. Hey Stu, you guys still gotta be here Tuesday. This wasn't like a feeling. Hey yo. You ran My man out the door with that Fucking cop. I ain't, I ain't associate myself with these nigga. Mark, we love you man. Make some noise for Mark Lan Hills. The fuck. Fuck with these dudes.


You crazy. Mark is excellent man. It is a lot of fun with that Pan This shit. Shit. Fuck with these dude not parade. That shit is fun. He be smoking, he pander better than male. He pan better than ice. Ice ain't pander. I would tell somebody the other day, mark might speak for the women better than male. I don't pander now. Huh? How I don't pander? She doesn't pander. She speaks, she don't speak. She's not for fuck Sake. She don't. Yeah, that's stop man. Don't speak for no women. She ain. Fuck girls girl fucking bitches alone. She going through a lot. Fuck y'all bitches Fuck that assignment and y'all degrees. Yeah Fuck that Fuck that voting shit. She said yeah. She ain't with that voting shit. But wouldn't come tell y'all what happened.


Yo get neutralized, get naturalized. You came in here one day and said I'm paying the money. I'm going through the process so I'm able to vote and be a citizen. And now you're talking about oh I wasn't able to vote 'cause I'm not. Honestly it didn't happen. The fans pointed that out. Okay, So what shit happens? Wasn't y'all fucking paying my bills? No. Okay. Oh. Shit. So stop asking me where my fucking money goes and what I fucking do with it. All right. Calm, fuck down it's birthday. Yeah. Holy shit. Fucking shit. It is a female's fucking birthday too and it off her dick. No I'm not you nigga. I'm on her side nigga. I was talking to me. That's talking to me nigga. Get off a dick Joe Biden. Who's talking to me? The fuck you talking about? Sleeper time. Sleeper time. Let's get to sleepers. Man. I ain't got hold the people hostage.


It's a weekend. Niggas got shit to do. Families that love them niggas is going outside. you know what I mean? What we doing? What we doing? What are we doing? I know it's been a lot of politics this episode but I do feel like we got the bulk of it out of the way so we don't have to do this for real next week because I'm not, I'm not politic man. I'm politic. To me, once Trump won, I Got it. You know as black people, we adapt. Man I get in there all what we doing now let's get to it. Time to stay alive. I gotta stay alive for four years while this motherfucker get outta here and let me just get to it. Whether she won, whether he won my job in both instances was don't to wake up and get to it don.


Yeah. Ball up top. True. Yeah. That's it. I am gonna go with One. Of These. LMA records off of this three pack going with track two. This is called One. Of These. And this is LAI fuck with LAI ain't gonna lie. Reason boy sending them back to they mothers. But he ain't like none of the others. But you About the only one that ever made me stutter. Oh yeah. I think I'm in some trouble.


Make me wanna spend the night the way I just want him something I think I love. I just One Of, These One Of These. Wake the One Of These. Yeah. Don't just One Of These in the streets.


Me. He s good luck. Be ready. My close like are for real, real. Checking everything on my list took me for a ride. Lying feeling. Love it something. I can't describe something I, I just One Of These.


Leave One Of These I didn I didn him.


I just touch him. Just something I can't describe something I All right. That's brand new music from LA Record Is called One. Of. These Feels very oh six Beyonce Ish. That's disrespectful to Amar Marie. No it's not the same about, it's not that about Rich Harrison.


You Talking that's a little more up. Oh you're not talking about the rich bout. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about pop like Destiny's Child era shit. Oh, Got it Got it Got it. Oh that's four. Oh Maybe four. Yeah. Oh 4 0 5 or so like That. That is L Ma. That record is called One. Of These That is off of her three pack. Call three the EP in your phone and on DSPs right now. Shout to L Ma. All right. Going West Coast. Eastsidaz. Eastsidaz has put that three pack out. I'm, excuse me, not three pack. Excuse me. It's it's an ep.


I believe it's called Still Easty. This record is called Groove. Bacc features October London. So what y'all been on? You got your Groove Bacc? Yeah, I got my Groove Bacc. Oh. 'cause I got my Groove Bacc. Hey Trey, you got your Groove? Bacc? Yeah dog. I got my Groove Bacc Goldie Lo. You got your Groove Bacc? Yeah dog. I got my Groove Bacc Snoop Dogg. You got your Groove Bacc. It's your young cousin. I got my Groove. Bacc? Yeah. Alright. Trade eight. You got your Groove Bacc? Yeah.


Snoop Dogg. I got my Groove. Bacc got your Groove Bacc. He'll Snoop do Groove Bacc. You know I'm cooking jam. Never really lost it. Still kicked the raw shit. Streets to the beats. We the boss of the boss stays on that hog shit. Never no flaw. Spit Eastsidaz finest. We back With the dog bitch. Oh, Shit. We about to serve them again. Get the Harleys in.


Thes out. Swerving again from the home. We on. Yeah, the verdict is in We the cheese holding cheese from the turf to the pen just to take over weights over way. Overdue Hood famous entertainers always bringing it through. Keep the groove and refuse any less than I do from the booth to the Stoops. Fools catching the loops. It is that late back eight track classic Groove. Let Toba make it cold so the bed will straight giving it up and Seesawing haters on the side with Rod. Oh still you know I Thank you.


Yeah. Steady grooving to that amplified six through drag down plus My Stacey to shine. With the top hat on. Yeah. And it wouldn't have been right without London on the song. Uhuh. You smell me baby. 'cause I'm mouth here cooking up Queen Up my cloud. That og Yo. Rolling up the boss lady gonna dance to this It. is that straight up Eastsidaz gangster. Shit. Let's take some gangster Flex Shit now throw it up two times man. We do it like these, like all my real ones. Get they two step on this. Remind me of balling Snoop a cold ass on As Can't Paint With. the all Gold Grill. Two 15 knocking when I'm SL X. All. That.


That's Groove Bacc. The Eastsidaz is in October one. That was fire Still Easty. Man, check That out. A P is fire. Fire job. It's really fire. I'm staying on the west coast and Joe played the song earlier but I've been wanting to play it for a couple weeks so I'm gonna play it. It is All That. Abso JasonMartin This. shit about This Shit is crazy. This shit is crazy. Shit about, I just ain't I. repeat it.


With the All. That. Yeah, I'm with All. That. All That. All That. Bitch. I'm with All. That, I'm with All. That All That Bitch. All That. So please watch your tone when you talk to me. come on my feet. Yeah. I just ate bitch. Bon applet Young Refugee. Are you ready or not? We beat to wrap. Good. Keep to lock hand. My keys didn't ice skate off.


The last means retreat before we bleed your lock. Early morning. Late night. Jay Leno. I mean my K girl. I'm blowing out your candle. Don't be the last straw that broke the back on the camo. Y'all don't want prompt Dale Lamo. Same. I just I repeat it. With the All. That All That All That All That. Bitch. I'm with All That, I'm with All That. Lot of fucking Uck.


We check your file. You are not CPT. No. You never swapped Chili for EBT. Five shots. No Key D. Take Lil Swift thank Red T two pop. We beat two West, no, beat two, like 10. That spot. The best advice come from and Thoughts. 32 I repeat All That.


That's All That Ab Soul JasonMartin and Thirsty P. Fucking love that record. That record is fire. That album is fire. Shout to Solo. Yeah. And everybody over there and Problem JasonMartin dropped something. He dropped the ep. Check it. I ain't listened to it yet. Definitely gonna check it. I'm gonna check it. I'm going to PHABO 5,000 degrees Metro Miami. It was in intersection. With, the strippers and the scams. It loud. You couldn't understand me the night I let you use my, let's see. You lost you, man, nigga face.


Girl, I'm trying to bless you. Just need, you just need degrees. Kitchen getting thousand degrees. I feel High. Well, I met Den Perry, Euro star from East Hackney. I almost blew a bag just to see me. A That's PHABO and Joseph Le Meier, 5,000 degrees.


Now what you got, My song is called No. Exchange by Simi Liadi. 3:00 AM on the, this isn't a complete waste of, I have no expectations.


Just have, this isn't a complete waste.


I have no expectations. Just have, I'm the only one who links That is Simi.


Liadi. Lati. No, Exchange. Nice little vibe. Nice little vibe This shit gang. Good shit. I started to run up on you with Dur Rambo. So you walking The fuck is wrong. With the yo. Don't do that. Don't do that again. Oh, I saw you and him walking in the, I know you walking in the Nah, that nigga Three Week run of happiness. Damn what I'm saying? Said that nigga back to the MTA said that nigga to the train terminal nigga.


Nigga get you some tokens nigga. Nigga told Fox your I'm gonna stay in Jersey. I gotta me up. Fox just mind Fox Foxy bad shit. That nigga was in Girl's Karaoke with his man. I saw a lot of shit. I just mind my business. That's it, right Fox. That's it. Mind my business. That girl is, she's the stone cold. You are cold. Cold Blood. You are cold girl. But since 99 You know what I mean. Fuck they thought. Not new to this. What's the fuck they thought? He's a new ass singing ass nigga. You know what I mean. Singing little medleys nigga. This is real life now. I really do this. I really dub you niggas after I spin you around.


Oh, You know what I mean. Okay, so let's, that's Why I stay far away from Mel on the off time. Boy. I don't even wanna look in her eyes. Look, look at them eyes and them lashes. Okay, let's wrap this up. Happy, Birthday Thank you. Happy Birthday. What? That nigga from the potato S, she gave out a gift on her birthday. You're talking about Me, right? You talking about Jam Man, I'm right here. I'm not talking about nobody that's here. I'm not talking about nobody she, I'm not talking about you. Clearly wasn't that important. We ain't talking about you. We talking about niggas that matter. Me Jokes over let's, yeah, Back to Mermaid.


Okay, Let's back to Casa. Back to Cassa wouldn't have Rachel. She send that nigga back to his friend group. You right. You right there mean mean it. We don't playing. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We don't mean stop. We don mean it. I'm sorry, that's my bad. That wasn't nobody bad but mine. I'm the only one who's bad. That was, I just be trying to rap. Don't do that girl. She did that shit. When women is losing they rights. Like what? You are brazen.


That shit's during election time. Oh my God. That nigga was talking some voting shit in that ear too. Like It is a Kamala. Yo. Kamala's the one. I think she could do this. I'm not Think That nigga, I think she could did this his way to it. Fuck that chicken. Alright. Ooh, hey. Oh my God. Man. Mel, don't never let nobody in spaces say we don't love you. Y'all got me on my West Coast vibe. You in Parks. You in Parks. Two in the morning, big on Big whatever with the Eastsidaz is rest.


Peace. My at my, hey holler at my, Alright man. Listen, hopefully y'all enjoyed this broadcast as much as we have enjoyed delivering it to you. Big man, Tommy Richmond. Good for you nigga. Not a not a no in sight. Not a fucking no in sight. Tommy Richmond. That's fucked up.


What's fucked ups? Crazy. What's fucked up? I ain't even think about that. I forgot about that word. Yeah, so did the rest of the world. That's a big song. Good For him. Good for a song. You Think he did that to himself Joe? Yes. Mm. Really? I think if he don't come out and say that hiphop shit, they find a category to denominate him. The song was too big. The song was too big. He did that. He did that. He turned somebody off up there. Or maybe didn't do the behind the scenes. I forgot All about that song, dog. That's crazy. Yeah. Good for niggas man. Listen, keep us in your fridge. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You a dude. Fa well Adio Reba dichi, ota so long. Goodbye.


Our vo simple head. No will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this moment last as if it's all we have. Rest in peace. Clark can't rest in peace. Quincy Jones. We love y'all. Mm. Also remember the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel and a close minded women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol, you might need it. Hey, until next time. What y'all doing for the weekend man? Anything fun? Anything fun? Anything Lt, come on, gimme something good. Gimme some good pause Tonight. I'm gonna head out to the, to the DJ Cassidy. Shit I might pull up to that too. Down in Prudential. Okay. And then This weekend Sunday I'm gonna shoot down to DC for the commanders and Stealers game.


Oh dope. Shout to wa. He has a whole week fired. It's gifted week and he got something going every day. You didn't get your weekends off yet. Nigga chill. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You gonna be on He went out. He went out last night. You said go out. Said You going to DC For what? Going for the Steelers game. Stealer Commanders game. Yo. Nigga Ice. You invite Nigga Ice. No, I didn't invite anybody. That's gonna be a good game. It is. I was going to the Bell Biv devote TGT concert in New York tonight but it's canceled got rescheduled 'til April. So I will not be there. I got a gym appointment. With the Cory trainer nigga on Sunday. Straight into my Tina stretch appointment on Sunday. Okay, good job.


Straight into fantasy football. Avoiding the three week losing streak. No, That's good. So we shout Hey Y'all play early Sunday stretch after the The soreness. That's good. Yeah, I think so. Y'all got the nine 30 game Sunday. Oh they're Overseas Giants. Oh I don't Germany. What the Giants are doing? Giants Panthers. I don't care about the Giants. And they gonna lose and they gonna lose the Panthers. They The Panthers. They gonna panther. They tank over now? Nah, they gonna lose. Nah, they gonna lose. They'll beat the panthers. Panthers is tanking too now. Oh yeah? Yeah. The tank off. Yeah. How The jet doing? Let's hope so. Middle of the pat. Eh? They're not doing good actually. But It's being reported that Soto to the Mets is a done deal.


Sounds Like it too. Over $700 million. Wow. Great. New York Over 7 million. Nigga ain't gotta move Or nothing. Who? Dude from the Yankees Soto. That went crazy. That's nuts. 700 million in one deal. That's a lot of money. Yeah, don't say. And baseball. I mean them baseball niggas though. And niggas play. They 40 something Easy. Mel, what you doing this weekend? Oh, Birthday weekend. Birthday weekend. Still in effect. Scorpio season ain't over.


No, I know it's not. I'm not sure yet. I'm, I'm just leaving things open. I'm winging it. Hey I'm winging It better that wing man. That's Mel playing. When you freaky day. Soon as you play when it's time to dumb nigga let's go. It is Alright Man.


We outta here man. Y'all hold it down. Everybody have an amazing week and a beautiful week and if your heart is heavy, if your head is heavy, we feel for you man. We feel for you. Shout to Kamala Ran it. Excellent. Kamala. You ran an excellent campaign and I still think even her running provides hope to the young black girls out there that was watching. I do wanna say that. Thousand percent. Absolutely. Yeah. How many million votes? She won? A lot. A lot. Yeah. 60 million. We were almost 60 million. Hey listen, we had black men running for president prior to Obama getting elected. Black woman too. I'm just saying like You know what I mean. Somebody's gonna be the one to actually get the job done at some point. I do think she should have came out and spoke to Howard the same night.


It was late. I get it. It was late. Yo, We've We've seen. We've seen it. We've seen it before. But no, but no, typically once the, the succession speech happens, they don't speak to a, they'll speak to a intimate crowd. You know what I mean. We got four years man. Yeah. Get money, stay alive, get to it. Got it. Get that start Hustling, get money. Where that Bitcoin at 77 outta here? Yeah it was at 75 last I shot. Absolutely Whole election while I'm watching. Watching him go up, shit. Taking off The Bitcoin was going through the roof. Really? 76 5? Yeah. Highest. Highest it's ever been.


Bitcoin 76 5. Trying to think of when I'm gonna sell. Hey e mother to sell it soon. Flip what you on this weekend? Anything? Just Chilling shit working. Might go out town to get some content. Okay. Where you going? I I plan to go to Tennessee. Mm Nashville Some park. Okay. Parks. I'm not sure. I probably lay low. Lay low. Might go to the show tonight. Tomorrow I'll be in the studio all day. So He better late Low. Yeah, you got some, you can send me a beat pack. I got you.


What do you need it for? Get This shit off. Get A booth. If you wouldn't give Holly $70, you can't pay Parks for a beat pack. I get a return from the Parks beat pack. You get a return from giving Holly $70 too. I wouldn't know nothing about it. Hey, hey, hey, hey All we going man. Y'all hold the damn peace, love, health, love and prosperity to everybody out there. We love y'all. Don't you. Forget it. Remember Tupac kids. If no one else cares.


Soft spot. Praying on nigga soft spots. Boy You got 'em. I daddy Pedro. I'm go crazy. Yo. That J, J, J, Jamie. Jamie. Jamie. Jamie. J-B-C-J-P. JPJ. It sound like he said JBCP. J. PJBP. jb. JB JB. PJBP. JB P-J-P-J-B-P.


Man we don't give a fuck. We don't give a fuck. I know. Yeah. The fuck I fucking know. I go right to Chicago nigga don't give a fuck. Yeah. What's up? Yeah, yeah, yeah. This ain't that. Yeah. What's up PD nigga? This ain't this. Yeah this real life ain't All. That cop shit ain. You know what I mean. Hey ain't them With the cheap flowers. Those were the shit from, from Walmart, Cosco. The shit he used to sell outside of fucking spot. Hey that shit's working like a charm. He used to go my baby nigga at paid threw shit like my baby Cindy.


Hey y'all, I'm not a Catwoman. I got a baby young mess. My man ing. hello I. Yo. We going? Yo. Y'all hold it down. Peace, love, health, wealth for prosperity, salute. Peace, gang, gang, gang. We still gang, gang, gang, gang. Word. I didn't know that. He shout out the mouth. Gang, gang, gang. Oh my god. Yeah, that's right. Oh my God. Yeah. Go hit the WhatsApp. Call him. Fuck off.