
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show This Shit Nigga. I came limit at you as a grown man nigga. Yo, y'all niggas just love y'all dad. That's all. I Love it Y'all love. No, not you. Y'all love Buying your business. We've been around.


Yeah, we ain't talking to you. We talking to J one and Ish. I don't even know what you niggas is talking. s not Kidding. Yes. J one did an interview, he interviewed his dad fire. He Was fire. He could not stop showing his teeth the whole time. I was high like with every, I was high with every story. Kiss told Jwan even the Diddy story. Yo, I was at the puff party JW looking up just like a proud son. Yeah. Teeth wouldn't stop showing mad. Di you had dimples. Yeah, You. right. You Had dimples in your face. You ain't look high to me nigga. You look like a popping student, nigga. You look like Yo, I love my dad so much and he just wasn't around for me. Yeah, he wasn't around.


And then he went and had more kids than he fucking held down like Then he said that powerful line. Yeah. Oh and then he was about to cry. You tried to, you tried to hit him. No, not you. Well yeah you when you tried to hit he not you But. yeah. Yeah. You, you tried to hit him with the trick question. But kids from the old school, yo, what's your greatest gift? And kids said you nigga, if you don't get the fuck outta here with this trick, annoying ass question you now I love you yo God damn. Nah they had the I You mad about some shit. Stop it. That shit. No we did not. We didn't. They had them. Yo don't interrupt with the truth. You did. Yeah. And on on top. We don't give a Fuck that we go with the laws. Yes. And on top of that you ain't narratives on top of that.


You ain't know he was gonna say that. That shit I didn Did you know? Did you know that you was his greatest gift? Nah. I thought he was gonna say something else. I ain't lie. Exactly nigga. We know that because we saw you. Yo Clap it up for J. One being J greatest gift. Yo. When we said that the GI party shit though, I expected that I started dying. I couldn't help that one. When he said that J one it looked like it was Christmas time for you nigga. You know when you are a kid and you get that big gift, you just look happy. That shit made me feel good. That was the big, I'm like, yeah Jay Mommy Ish. I Don't know if you, I know I was the favorite, the favorite child that everybody So, but I ain't even talking about the kids. I don't know if you a greater gift than his rapping ability. Look, listen nigga, that's that's what you would've said. What's your greatest gift? That's what you would've said. Huh? How you gonna tell nigga Sunday? No, that's what he would've said.


What's your greatest? So what's your greatest? I mean My children. And when you have kids, you'll understand that this dad answers. When I asked my mom who her favorite kid is. She say you for six months and you for six months. Yeah. My mom, That's just, that's the appropriate parent answer. But in real life they got a favorite Head. Whoever needs my love at that time Hate that. You gotta remember he gotta say his children. 'cause first of all, Trey, listen and Trey has a history of this is the nigga on record ain your pops And Annie, he getting nicer with the, your Favorite. He get nicer with the pen. Well that's not fair. I started dissing him on records first and his mama, that's shit, that's Not fair.


I didn't know that joke. I'm so, I think that he should be able to clap Back. Nah, you out. I like Shit because some of my aid is me. Oh, his son's been dissing him forever. Blah. Whoa, whoa. My son got the clap back Gene and I'm like his dad and I'm proud of that. Facts. Yeah. Facts. Facts. It's fucked up when you writing those songs about their parent, like when they grow up and get to hear the songs. Yeah. But now you know what's going on now. Yeah. You know you 23, you know time It is you in the game. You being targeted. You being targeted out there. You, you having your woman woes. I love when they experience what we experiencing. Oh yes. What? That's bad. Yes. Oh man, I like It. Why is that bad?


Because Thanks man, you And give us some game. I remember that happened to meet my relationship in college. I have on Pops like on some trade Joe shit. Like, yo bro, why you even telling me you shit? Get like that nigga ain't even respond. I said Wow. Okay Cool. I mean I feel like there's information in, you know, that you can pass down to your kids and then, but then there's other things that they just have to experience Thousand percent, you know, bump their heads up on the wall and that Ain't gonna listen to you anyway. Until exactly That too. Hey, I wanna ask you, since We talk my dad, I'm gonna ask you a question and You love your dad too, nigga? Yeah. Who Said I didn. Did you ever have, did you ever have a conversation with your dad? Like you ever, were you one of them niggas that Chris, I lived with My father before. Yeah. But. yeah, as a grown man. You said I Lived with my father as a grownup. Yeah. Did you have a conversation with him? Like, yo nigga, what's up? Like did you, were you one of them niggas that were you like no, 'cause he, what happened?


What went wrong? Or you just left it as, as It is and you lived in The moment? Yeah, I ain't, I ain't really go through All that because he was, You didn't do that. You didn't go back. Oh, you lived in the moment? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like That Is what It is. He was short. I wasn't but That might be short. But dude Said that you was five one until you caught your growth spur. I was Five, three and 12th grade. That's Very small. But when I lived With my father I was grown. That's not, that's not tall enough to bucket dad. Who was That hiding in your graduation picture, You think? Do you think five three is tall enough to bucket your dad? For real? No. Yeah. come on man. When i's like your, he's Quiet but this nigga you so You know why you quiet gang? You know what It is? You so macho that nigga you ain't even have a conversation with your pops at a moment of vulnerability, nigga.


That's how macho you are, nigga. Let's live in the moment nigga go cook. I'm gonna cook some food. I just got shot pops. I don't wanna talk about none of that emotional shit nigga let's live and have fun. Did he check on you? Like yo, you there, you know nigga come in from work, knock on the door if you your room. I was 20 something years old my nigga. What that mean? Ish and my door Shut. I'm there. What you talking like yo, you there no nigga go sleep. Let's not. I'm good. That don't mean you there Door closed. Are you feeling, are you talking about when he got shot? No, I'm just saying like in general, usually even as an adult, if you live with, with my experience, if you live with your parent, your parent will come. When they come in the house, they'll check on you. Yo, what's up yo, you there, you in the room and shit like that. That's what I'm asking him. If he experienced that. He said his dad's door was closed. No, my door was closed. If my door closed.


Nigga did you sleep? I'm asleep. Did you knock On what? On your dad's door. Stop. You get tight. Stop. I'm An idiot because him and J one want to see it with the truth today. I don't care about what they talking about. I care about what Daddy Are you there? Dad? I got shot Dad. What the fuck do, what do I do? I'm bleeding now. You police nigga tell me what to do. Oh. Shit. I can't. I can't snitch. But you can tell him nigga He made a left. He made a left. Right. Yo, I can't but you could tell him nigga your pops.


Your pops no police. Yo. Yo. We doing it for the dads. The Ish man and Oh Shit Oh Shit. My bad. You too. You love your dad. Shout him out. Yes, of course. I love my father. Your father passed away at a young when she was young though. She still got a rep. What that mean? No, she said he was, she said he was her hero. K She said she she said that until she learned some things. She said Yes, but I still love the memory of the man very much so We can't play. Shout up for you. Leave it alone. Let's bring a joke back that way. You right wrap up. Anyway, back to you.


Ish. Yeah man. Oh Shit. Alright. Alright. Glad y'all in a good mood brother. Brother Freeze is not with us today, but he's here in spirit always Ice. Hopefully he's good ice. We love you. If you're listening Yeah man, we love you just that fast. You heard it was she was about to cry with us. I wasn't gonna cry. She Was about to cry with us like we was poor minds. I swear I wasn't gonna cry. She cried Michelle. Yeah. Cried on four minds. Yes, she cried on poor minds. Shout out to Lex. Shout out to Drea. Lex, Dre. What up baby? We were All crying. Okay. We were all crying based Off your story. Well, no shared experiences. No, no. You doing some sad pod.


Lemme just say, lemme just say this and I love you. Sure Corey. Lemme say if pot and Bothered is gonna be like that, count me out, please go pot. I wanna come up there. Okay. And guess what? And guess what, when, when, when wifey starts going through menopause and you don't know what The fuck is going on, you gonna be checking in hot. My mother called me this morning about you. My I'm gonna need you. I'm gonna come up there. Nobody cares about when wife is going through. Well we, We, we all, we are financially manipulating our wives. Nigga. You think niggas can, nigga they gotta worry about their bills being paid to try to get jobs and MTAs and And whatever. They outta Houston. Yeah.


I'm sick of that line. Would you like it if I didn did the same? That's just a fuck up. Do it then. Why I don't wanna do it. What then what the fuck you talking about? Whatcha talking about? To be honest, I wouldn't mind if you was paying all my bills. I'm good. Do your thing. That was his, that was his You everything. Okay. Rock out. There You go. That pen on your bills come with some stipulations and people don't wanna accept it. Dude. It's rules Are facts. It's rules. If I nigga paying 15,000 a month in bills for you nigga, there's rules. Nigga. I want shit. I have to drop of a dime. Nigga come. If I say book a flight, you have to come.


Oh man. I gotta, because that money can go to some match. Like for real. Yo, yo, this you what, what That is an important note to highlight and I'm glad that I didn't highlight This move fi. I find that she Dead ass. If your bills are being paid to the degree of all of them. 10 Yes. 15, 20 grand a month. Yes. Talk about it Joe. There Is fine print on that contract. There is, you need to take that to your attorney or your girlfriend stole bills paid. Who don't got that. Yeah. And, and, and get it together.


Now we can't say that somehow because Femini fem, I can't even say the words. What's the word? Feminism. Feminism. Femin, femininity. Femininity. Stupid ass word I thought got stutter built in. He's right. Oh man, he's right now Man. You know he's right now Mel, you I can't nigga. When a nigga paid your bills, you almost went into a cult. Nigga. You, you was down nigga. When a nigga paid your bills, you was down with the cause. Bitches need to follow your roots, follow your movement, gimme pounds. Right. Mel was definitely in, in A cult. I Can see it. She was in a cult. Cult. She was in a cult. She come up here to rebrand. Yeah. Now she come up here We talk about and Cy she is okay.


Did Christ the Lord. Yeah. Let you wanna come up here and talk about menopause. Some people Who are preaching the house, nigga she was In. We don't wanna hear about menopause. We want to hear about the Sex cult. We Want to hear about that. Oh Shit When you was in the mountains of Utah Another day, another story for another day. She would never, that's why niggas love you. That's, that's why she the best. That's why she can make a u-turn. That's why she the best. A lot of women can't U-turn like male. Unless they, I can't say that part, but male make U-turns because she hold it down. Like when they bump into her, like, oh you ain't, you ain't blow me up about that cult shit. Even though I was wild. Even when I press the nigga, nigga say, oh I I love Her.


I said damn, she cool like that then You up man. Yeah, y'all keep making me lose my face. You held it down about that culture Idiot. I be holding it down on some fucked up shit. Huh? You do. You do. You do. Yo shout out to the women out there that hold it down about the culture. But the Other women get offended when we say That because you're not supposed to say that. Yeah, they saying that. Yeah, you're not supposed to say that. That's horrible. Yeah. Male Asian J Warren boy, Yo. He's still about to cry. That Paton should fuck him up. Remember what? I think I went to the bathroom. He said that the first time he went to the bathroom. All right. We got a great show lined up for y'all. Maybe, maybe there's a lot of shit going on.


Start with some Randy as Comedy man. Oh oops. Oh I can hold up. That's Randy coming at the pawn shop without his chains in his watches. Oh he done sold them shits. He's broke. Ha ha. He's popped the cat. Ha yo broke. I mean Randy, what's up? What up y'all? Yo, what happened Mr. Money man you coming to Oscar Stone? Pay me now. Where your chains at? Blood? I'm, nah, I just, I just had them hold it for me for a second. Hold it. Hold bro. What you mean you let them have it because you broke now, now you can't flex. Right. I I needed some extra cash. Oh. I just made a quick 30 bands bro.


30 bands like It is worth it. Nah gang. I just clocked your T. You really pop right now. We was waiting for this. Yeah, I was waiting for me to go broke. Yeah we was, you stayed showing off the Bri state gravitating towards you now they're not gonna come around you no more now You is. Really? But y'all my means I pray you run through them 30 bands mad quick and I'm not letting you borrow nothing bro. It's gonna be a cold winter. Yo. Yo. Yo. What the fuck? Popping man's the drama king man. Yo. Who there? Fuckers. That's the sound of the man. Rest. Peace Check. one, two, one.


Waking up, out up. we on put she nigga lot ice. I dare you. The scheme on the fifth got a rubber grip in the beam moment homie. Tuck the head on me. Couldn shoot this skinny now. But I look big in the cool. My cousin Zy out. What up 50. Shout the fuck up. Shout wherever. You. right. My lifestyle young niggas. The cheetah, your lines come from Fed Fellas and Don Look. Name the mix. Always, always, always, always for the ladies.


I'm familiar with problems. I know how to solve them. Send automatic on your trade. Revolve. Shoot them up in the starving. You don't want problems Coming from Yo Can't really figure this clown out. Where is he from? Jamaica, Queens, Cali or down south. And I could let a LA gun hit him. Ly already told me came to run with him.


I could let a New York knife poke him with one of my throwaway. But I Want no cops Smoke or somebody tell riding get ready to auction off. Never. We bump heads since you like having people with you. Get you a hospital with bone beds without Dr. Dre, you would just make slow jams come up out of that witness protection program. Old though, really respect you. Getting your place big was alive. He'd probably spit in your face now. Doing just fine without you. That's probably would've made an album about you here. So I guess that just leaves me here to get rid of you and rock him and them. They don't even consider you. You ain't got nothing for Jada. And I know he appreciates all the money you made him.


It's 2005. Nobody fights fair. I just know an instrumental. Your worst nightmare. But you tough and you bad. Yeah, too bad. You mad probably been in your old hood more than you have. Yeah. You sold ball records than me. But in the streets you gonna always be second to me when you damn near feeling you Even though your career is based off somebody damn near killing Shit You be doing. Consider rapping to us. Nah, this is probably the best thing to happen to us. The Best Gangster magazine Monster Shit on your whole. If they to say Hail Marys and our fathers get out your black suits and hard bottoms. Don't worry. I got him. He ain't a problem child.


Just a child with a problem Nigga. They face up at me don.


Without my nigga. Oh man. You in that. The only that Feeling good. Feeling great. Feeling good. Huh? What triggered that In a good mood? I'm in a good mood vibe. Positivity Throughout. That's real Violent music for a bright as outfit vibes. Hey Yo.


I know and I know they cost some money. A nigga look like a thousand dollars Fresh Prince. That nigga look like a ice cream cone. Gender reveal. Ready, gender reveal. Ready. You do nah. Yeah, he look like, is it a boy or girl? It is twin. Nigga you hop out a cake, make you lit. 500,000. Microphone. Check mic, mic, mic, mic. Mike. What episode is this? Seven seven. Welcome to episode 770 of the Joe Button Podcast. Brought to you by Few By Power, by PrizePicks.


I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, and highly favored host Joe button with some really amazing people. To my right, big Melyssa Ford is in the building. Who? Who? Queen Flip is in the building. Ish is in the building. Jwan is in the building. Parks is in the building. PO is in the building. Corey is here. Ericsson is here. Avon and Tanner are here by remote. And last but certainly not least, each and every one of you Are out There. Now back to my gender reveal Al. I wore this to Daisy age or your de social word. Three. I wore this to to girls love karaoke the other night. I heard you, I heard you was dressed like a little Nike. Little said, I heard you was in there and I heard it was all right. Yeah, I heard it was Bar socks.


Oh Shit. That's definitely what type of sauce is that Nigga? Tough crowd. Mm, Tough crowd Socks nigga. How was the karaoke? What'd you sing? Girls love karaoke. Shout to Mandy. Of course. Shout to Ag G Finesse girls love karaoke was nice. Hey, hey. And they do. They do. They absolutely Do. And they do. They do. So yeah, it was a real good time over there. I got there early. I got there at about, I want to say 10 30. My guy Mon met me over there. Shout out to E. Oh Y'all did a duet? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nice crowd. Nice crowd on the early vibe. Shout to Damn.


Who what? Who's the DJ killing that shit? Who was that first class? First Choice I think First Choice. First choice First class. I'm old school. Shout to First Choice. He was absolutely and shout to first class. So, but he was smoking the, you know people are still coming in r and b set like a real r and b party set. Right. So I was in absolute heaven for a few hours. A lot of girls kept coming in here. But then, then did you cut a rug? I didn't, no, I didn't cut a rug. I sat there like the G. That IB cut a rug. But did you sing? Nah and no. I left before anybody started singing. Wow. I was sitting there and I hadn't taken the old nigga nap.


Start Ya at that. I hadn't taken a nap you guys, Why don't you just go hit the Yo 44 is fucking me up. Why don't you just go hit the truck for, for a little quick 30? Yeah, It ain't the same because You right. I don't have to live like that today. Go in the truck, take a nap and then go back out. Like I'm never that thirsty for the party. So I'm sitting there, I'm getting tired, I'm hungry, I'm hungry. I'm sitting there battling the, the discipline to eat after 10:00 PM 11:00 PM So I left. I went home, went to bed. Didn't even, didn't hit a strip club. Didn't see Bernice sing, didn't see nobody sing a thing. Damn. Damn.


See was there when Tiana came in. Shout to Tiana Taylor. It was good crowd in there. Good vibe. Davies. Everybody But. yeah. I'm going to bed. I'm going to bed. I see that's one of 'em things. I gotta come to at midnight probably. Yeah. I gotta, yeah, I gotta come here late. Yes, New York but really good, really good crowd in there. Just real nice time. Look like it. Real, real nice time. Real nice time in there. Yeah. Vibe. It looked like it. Why you keep making that little stupid face? Nah, just it looked like it. You'd have fun. No, a Couple people hit me. I was like yo, I seen Joe come in while you wasn't with Joe at. I was like, oh was That because I don't? No, no, no. So just, did you tell him you don't be with Joe? Like why are people, he Was at the game. It was that the day that you went to the game with Mark Oh Shit Floor seat.


I thought that that was ai. The picture that was floating around Antoine Ish nigga S that was me. That Was Oh. Shit. You getting good? He might be A rapper. Antoine Ish is AI in initials when you break it down? No. For real. So why You gonna let her get that shot? Lemme ask you a question. How did that, how did that, how did that happen? What? How did you end up the basketball de Yeah. Yeah, the basketball, the bromance, the bro vision. How did it happen? Nothing. Mark hit me. He was like, yo, what you doing? I'm like, Oh Shit, what's going on? He said, yo, I got tickets to the game.


You wanna go to the game? I was like, who they playing? He said The Bucks. I'm like, hell yeah. So So you drove down there? Yeah. So you went to the game but you spilled coffee on my clothes in your car When you dropped me home and you supposed to put my shit in the cleaness and you didn't, but you on the floor at a game nigga. I Got you on ES ESPN or ESPN. And you look good Thank. you. Yeah. I didn't like that. No, don't thank me nigga. I wasn't, I wasn't happy. I'm trying to look at these two stupid niggas. I was hating on y'all nigga. Look at these fools nigga. They sent me the picture. I'm like, oh come on Ish. You didn't even invite nobody neither. Well he was the best one. I'm, yeah, I was about to say, I'm gonna invite somebody that some shit I'm getting Invited to.


That's the problem. Everybody invites you places but you don't invite anybody. It's a pattern. That's your bag. That's how you get away with shit. You was invited. Why you didn't invite me? I, I'm a plus one. That's shit. Shit. You missed a plus one. There you go. No nigga. Make me your plus one. Alright. I if you ashamed of us yo. Make me your plus one. Ugh. You missed a, but that's, I got you. And it speaks volumes that people prefer you to be their plus one. I I appreciate that my brother. I know what you do. You do that stupid lip trick. Yeah you do that on the course. Yeah. Did that on the course. Sitting there talking a hole in Mark Lamont ear Like This shit was Lamont. Y'all had a super bro as after that shit. Holy shit.


Y'all were really twin. They bonded. Yeah. That's stupid. Yo. No the game was a runaway. It wasn't really close so we was just kicking it. Like the game wasn't like, wasn't fun. It wasn't, you know what I'm saying? Because it wasn't close. They was losing by damn their 20 half the game. You talking about Philly was losing? Yeah. What do you talk about at a game like that They were podding Really Basketball shit for the most part On the court while a game is going on. You, you, you analyzing it. Yeah. That's literally what was going on. That nigga not that good. You overrated. Yo. Stop Talking saying the nigga in the league is overrated or not that good as Crazy. Just watch the game nigga. Catch a vibe. Courtside look cool. Hey leave that. Why you can just I him. I hate him Too.


Nah, just look cool nigga. The cameras is about to pan your, I didn't even know the game was on PN or none of that. I didn't know that Superstar Ish Did you know it was the season opener? Yeah, but I didn't know that. I mean, well Philly Bucks would two of the biggest teams. Yeah Philly Bucks would be televised. But I wasn't thinking about that. Did you see Stephen A right there? No, But It's cool. Stupid Did Stephen a CUI don't know. Steven A was there. I don't know. Nigga. Watch. Watch. I ain't see a game nigga. You think I seen you on my tv? I don't know nigga. I seen you on Reddit. I seen on Twitter. I seen you on Reddit. Nigga. See you on my tv. Stay off The internet Y'all See you on red.


You looking good though. You look good up there. Thank you sir, I appreciate it. You Run into a lot of fans? Yeah, a couple. Couple. Okay. Philly is, I ain't know you and Mark was that close. It's cool. Well when, when y'all exchange numbers y'all, when y'all exchange phone numbers, yo Dog, what's wrong with you son? It is a valid question. Why is it valid? Because Joe said it. That conversation looked deep as hell. Yeah because the Only reason we didn't congratulate you when he announced you on the pod was it wasn't Personal. That is What he was sitting saying. Pod shit. Yo. Nah stupid. You Really great. You great help to all of but Don't argue on camera.


Don't argue with the community. They're just gonna hate you. Yeah, Yeah. You gonna give them some pod tips. Lot. The game is on The game is playing bro. He, I didn't know we was on tv. He didn't stay for Patreon nigga. So we don't know when the numbers went. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna get down to the bottom of This. shit that that little broman Going on. I told y'all, I thought told y'all. Oh Mark is here on Wednesdays one day off for everybody. Wednesdays for a month? Yeah. Well Tuesdays. Tuesdays But. Yeah. Tuesday pod. That's it. Nothing to figure out. Nothing to figure out. No, I'm, everything is cool. I'm good. I got three days off.


I'm high. I'm high. Look she I she don't like that shit. Hey yo. Hm? Your girl. What did I do now? You know what you did. I swear I don't, you texted me, you tried to press me this week. Oh nigga I'm done with y'all. Yo. I'm done. I'm done with y'all. Got it Press no, there's nothing bad, nothing bad. Got you. Yeah, It is all off. All right. No, it's all love. And then I went to speak the Steve Stout shit. That is that the other day that saw, I Saw snippet but saw you up there shining. You mean shining Nigga that The lights was bright.


I bet. Oh we had it all out. What? Okay. Like, like titties. He Change his You Wore the ring? Yeah, he wore the ring. He pulled the sleeve off so they could see the, you know, 'cause you know I got nigga brain, you know I got my gut. My gut tell me what to do. You know what I mean. I'm be these rooms. That's a big guy. And the money, you know what I'm saying? Be all over. I heard you corny joke, yo. It'd be all over the place. You know my gut, you know I gotta rule with the gut. I come from the nigga outside of the streets be Watching my clip. You watching my clip from the game nigga You Stupid. I had a good time. I don't normally speak ed those on those types of panels and things of that nature.


But Steve called his favor and, and had a good time. That's my man. I showed up, no doubt. Had a good time. A lot of people there. Was it just you and Steve on the panel or No, it was just him and I that spoke at that time. Got you. I think he spoke the 50. I think he spoke the cam. I saw Cam clip too. I think I saw Cam clip. I saw a 50 clip. But And the ride in the Brooklyn wasn't so bad. It was an hour, but it was an hour in motion. You took That seat at group that we was talking about at the party? No, not at All. It was in Brooklyn. It was at the office. It Was in Brooklyn. It was in Brooklyn. I don't know whose office. I don't know. I'd get the address. I give it to the driver. I go, but there was no traffic but it was no traffic rich shit. So that, that was smooth, rich, dumb of us.


Yeah, stupid us And I went to the black owned restaurant over here that Mel gave the review On which one? On that other pod. I'm not, I won say. But the one that Mel spoke about, she went, oh yeah, That's good. And that was cool. Yeah, that was real nice too nice. Yeah, some pa shit was good. Oh that was that big ass pa. Yes. That shit was huge Pause. Yeah, it was good though. Did you bump into anybody at The the Steve start event? No. Hm. It was crowded. Yeah, it was a lot of people in there. Gotcha. How would I bump into somebody? I don't, I don't do communal green rooms. I thought you did. I'm sorry.


Those good. Never that. It's two people peasantry firm. Right In a communal green room. I think that's how I got punched In the face. Communal green. Anybody just walk in the door? Hey, there you go. There you go. Yo, you ain't said. Yeah, I ain't Communal Green room. It is exactly where they wanna come to. Talk about what I said on the pod. Never. Nah. Oh Shit. No, but good times. Shout out to Steve Style, man. Fun, fun, fun. All right, let's get right to it. Let's get right to it. Where, where would you guys like to begin? Dirk? Yes. Okay. Me.


So we start with Dirk, the Fed snatched Dirk or the Marshall? The US Marshals. Yeah. And snatched In Broward County. Dirk, That's Florida, right? Broward County. Broward, yes. Yeah. Y'all know any holes from over there? Probably. Y'all definitely know some Broward County. County homes for sure. Possibly. They need a segment on the Patreon. Shout to y'all out there In Broward County. Yeah. Yeah. It special. Yeah. Better than Dade. Different from Dade. Oh, different from Dade. What? What cities Are in Broward? It's all Miami I think. Oh is it? That's the, ain't that like the south end of it. I I don't, It's a way Out the loop.


Yes. That's where Kodak from. It's down. Exactly. Kodak. So it makes sense. Just take Kodak and Exactly. Oh, It is down. It's down there. Gotcha. But anyway, so they snatched him in Florida along with five other people. It's in Chicago. Yes. That are from Chicago. And this is Murder for hire. It's a sad, that's his charge. I guess that's the allegations here. Supposedly he organized a hit. Yeah. On and they're saying that this goes back to when King Vaughn Lost his life Was killed. Juan ado Rondo's Peoples and and then yeah, Kondo Rondo's man died with him in LA Right During that shootout.


Got it. So they, the feds are saying that plane tickets and renter cards or whatever were purchased and rented through OTF cards and they saying they have more information about who paid for this murder fire. But they haven't released that yet. All signs are pointed to they're gonna try to pin this on. That's what I got for you. If that's blurry then Google it. I'm not here to be a journalist. I'm here to talk about the, the real aspect of it. Which is Just what the fuck, what the fuck I, I feel like, you know, in with respect to Dirk, I feel like he knew something was coming because you know, during his birthday he paid homage to all the fallen soldiers in Chicago.


I mean he's been trying to really change up the image and the whole Chicago drill dissing ops, you know, he put everybody on the screen on his birthday. He did a birthday concert in Chicago. And even the people, I mean everybody was on that picture. He had the ops up to you. Yeah. Everybody just paying respects to all the fallen soldiers. And when I, in retrospect when I think about it, it's like I felt like he knew something was coming and he just wanted to distance himself from that. Whether they were investigating whether he got wind, that they were looking into things. Just think he wanted to move himself in from that and portray a cleaner image. Or he probably felt that inside.


Yeah, he probably felt inside that it's time for me to get away from that because too many people are dying because Dirk been through a lot. I think, You know what I'm saying? It could be true what you're saying. I say I think also when you get removed from the jungle, you know what I'm saying? Like you, you, you, you lose some of that and then you know, when you start getting a certain type of paper, 'cause I'm sure he's far removed from the, the, the hustling, hustling days. You know what I'm saying? So, and then you start surrounding yourself with some more positive people. I'm so sure some of the OGs talking to him, you know what I'm saying? You start seeing that This shit is self-destructive for us as a people. You know what I mean. So you start trying to pivot away from that and, and kind of you owe it to yourself to, to instill some shit in some younger people.


You know what I'm saying? So they don't make the same mistakes you made. So I think that's where he like I've heard him talk a couple times. That's the type of time he was on. Supposedly He lost a lot of people in his life. Yeah. The unfortunate thing is when you are around these people, I've been around him a lot of times. He's a nice, he's a nice guy and sometimes our environment makes us, you know who we are. That's true. Right. Our environment and trying to get away from that. Like you'd be surprised how these people who lose so much people and seen so much in their life when you just have a conversation, they're just like, you and I You know what I mean And sometimes environment circumstances and the jungle. The jungle, Just the jungle. You're the jungle. Make you who you are. Be a wolf, you're gonna be a lion to survive in the jungle. But once you removed, you might become a You.


know what I mean? Just a regular standup citizen. I think that that they might, a lot of us, you know what I'm saying, kids grow up in a inner city like that on some survival, instinctive shit. And then when you get removed you, you change your tone And it's hard to talk about real for me, It is just hard to talk about these things. But it's not hard even if you have a relationship because you don't know who you are affecting on the other side. So you have to be mindful in when people have accusations against them and how you speak about them. I could speak from personal relationships, but I don't want to take away from anyone who may have suffered or feel that they allegedly suffered from the situation. Yeah. I'm tired of seeing up and coming rappers either lose their lives or get incarcerated to shit like this.


And I'm tired of seeing all the, I saw j Juan tweeting earlier and I see people responding to it and it's like why does everyone know so much About it? About it? And that was one thing like, like This should not be happening. A and if It is happening, it shouldn't be public information on the internet that everybody's talking about. Like SportsCenter. It's fucking weird. Yeah, Yeah. That's the part of it I don't like. Like it's no reason we should know so much before the case is even over. Even with it being public and people making whole videos, it makes it like it's in the name of content. I don't think problems like this should be made in the, in the name of content. Like you feel me? Like that's almost cop work.


That's like we, we all come from where we come from. We see niggas saying, yo bro, we ain't talking about that right now. You feel me? Wait till it happened then We talk about it. But you got Poindexter and nerds on social media just talking about it from a standpoint. And then you got people who's, who's just looking at it like fuck him. Throw away the key. And some people may feel like that but then it's also looking at it from the standpoint of like he's lost people. They've lost people to just think now they got the money. Forget all about It is like it takes the human side out of it. Like money shit isn't gonna make somebody forget about all the friends and family members they lost. That's what I saying. And no longer grieve.


You can't tell a person how to grieve just because they got money. Mel What She on your timing She Be what she be she be outside nigga she trying to, I'm not outside. I'm just I was just asking what you thought of everything. Yeah, Yeah I'm With Yeah she Would think about Ariana Grande maybe I'm not thinking about Ariana Grande, I'm not thinking about Ariana Grande. I'm thinking that you guys hit the nail on the head parks' observation and j Juan's observation is correct. Like the fact that this is fodder for everybody to talk about before all the facts are out.


It's just this isn't, we have created this atmosphere in which content is everything and it really actually isn't because so many of the facts get mixed up in fiction and it just kind of dilutes the whole situation. So that's just my perspective on It. It's by design though, right? Like we have to acknowledge that facts. Yeah. It is by design these drama field. I'm gonna kill you. Crimes. Hey freeze. I'm gonna kill you boy. Yo. Hey freeze. When you Make it to work I'm gonna get your ass so stupid. I gotta a trick for these niggas now. Oh those are nice. Oh my god. Okay.


Okay. Okay. So what y'all was saying, we praying for Dirk and it must be hard to come from where he come from. What'd you say What y'all was saying? Yeah, all that we said all that right there. Set it by design. Got it. Okay, Next topic. You don't have an opinion. I have quite a few opinions but I don't know if this is the room for them now that I've heard y'all, maybe y'all are right. No that no hold on. No nigga you can't, you can't out. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Because niggas that say something crazy they still fall on you.


I don't think nobody said nothing crazy. I know I'm just saying that you might just Different opinion. I'm threatening niggas that say something crazy. That's what I'm saying. I'm just bothering him. But I wanna hear your opinion. I think This Shit is stupid. I think This shit is stupid and I'm not gonna sit here and oh dirt came from where he came from. He'll have his day, he'll have his day in court. So we'll see what part he has played in any of this. But that to the side, like I was telling Jay Juan earlier, king Vaughn and, and Young boy, Young boy beef wasn't over nothing. It wasn't over absolutely nothing. So it start there for me, I ain't gotta get into where everybody came from and what we seen and what we witnessed and who shot and who got killed.


Y'all niggas don't be fighting over nothing. That was nothing. So now for that to escalate to The shit we witnessed in the parking lot with Vaughn and it was going to be carry over from that, we saw Kondo Rondo reach out to fucking, what's that Big U, big U. We just seen him. We seen him for a few years. Look afraid for his life. We seen this all. So I mean I don't want to add, we know too much. These niggas is putting it in songs. These niggas is putting it on Instagram reels. That's true. These niggas are detailing and laying these things out and the cops always been online since online been there.


That's true. True. They they watching like niggas have some point have to hold themselves accountable for the part they play in a designed ecosystem. I agree with That. That's That's what I'm saying. So this is real unfortunate and these are some of the same details that came up in the in the YSL case. And these are some of the listen the Rico lady down there said yo we coming with Ricos now. Like if that didn't send a memo to people, hey we are aggressively targeting y'all entertainers and rappers that are blurring the lines with your companies and your street ties. I'm On the other edge of this Have at it And the Only I'm tired, I'm mad I even gotta come in here and talk about some of This shit.


But The only reason I'm on the other edge of this is because we seen like from the older artists right? And we've seen and experienced, oh them they not like that. They're not like that. You feel me? We always hear this, that artist not like that. They not on that. Now you see in a generation where artists are actually doing the things they saying and it's like now you have the old artists saying, oh them niggas are stupid. But for years we heard Ja calling each other out saying, oh he ain't on that, he ain't like that and there's no guidance, there's no yo don't do it that way. Let me show you how to do it. The only person who tried to do That is wallow and he was not even able to give guidance because he's in a position now where he can tell you where everything already started.


There was no artist that took none of the younger artists from when they came in and was like, yo, hold on, I been down that road. Let me guide you and show you how to switch it around. And that's why I have a dis name for I would say some of the older artists or the people on social media judging how everything's playing out. Because you gotta remember we all around the same age, at least me and these artists, there's no yo little bro, this ain't how you do that. Like you feel me? They wait till it happen and then chastises us. But a lot of times the young niggas don't listen anyway. Niggas will listen to a old nigga who's coming from a like where it feels sincere. When it don't feel sincere and it feel like you talking at us, then you're gonna get that Pushback.


So how do, how so how do you deliver a message if, if I'm speaking to you from what I know in my experience and this is the way I know how to convey the message, why take it so personal instead of absorbing the knowledge? I had niggas do that to me where at a young age I took it personal until I realized like nigga no he was just, that was the way that he conveyed his message and I should have listened because he end up whatever he said end up happening. No I feel, I feel like it's two ways to answer that. Like one, it's hard to listen to a nigga who you feel you may have more money or motion than that's one that's big Two And it's how the message is said and the tone in which It is conveyed. Like it's always like we had this conversation last po it's the tone in which a person addresses you and brings it to you.


Like I would say from how I've seen it and we seen different interviews with older artists be like, oh these niggas are stupid. It is how they say it. The only one we really seen come from a place of like it sound like they cared sincerely was wallow. And we seen 'em do that with thug in them and with Di in them. It it's really a matter of how say I Don't even like you saying that by the time it get to wallow something is wrong. No, by the time it got to wallow, That was my point. That's what I'm saying it really was in motion. But that's the, we already are murdering niggas. Yeah you coming, you coming to Wallow to promote your album, you're coming to Wallow to do a podcast. It just so happens he going give you, he gonna give you the go. He gonna give the old head while you're here on your album rollout.


That means that This shit that's been in play, the problem has been been in effect. I don't know what all This shit y'all saying has to do with senseless killing to me. Like it just senseless now. Yeah. I don't think you should Need 50 cent to come and say yeah pay people to murder people Nor do Right. Like oh my god. And but if somebody gotta say yo don't rent a car in your name and give it to somebody to kill somebody, we pass mentorship. That's true. Not just that We pass mentorship. You a real one and two You talking about it's hard to respect niggas when you got more money and more emotion. We've had this talk up here before too.


What they're doing in the streets today. It is going off how many bodies you got? So now you asking listen to what you asking for old OGs to do? You asking for us to go and insert ourselves in the fray of niggas with 5, 7, 10, 14, 15, 20 bodies? Yes. Who is volunteering to do that At 18, at 19 years old? Who Is volunteering to do that? Not I And I I think, I just think it, I think where where Jake, I'm not disagreeing with what he's saying 'cause that's happening but this ain't about hip hop. These people were already in this life prior to becoming rappers.


I'm assuming you get what I'm saying? Like this ain't about hip hop. So like I said, these niggas that's in the jungle bro, when you in the jungle you gonna live by jungle rules and that's what they doing. So I don't wanna blame this on no old head hip hop artists and think that they are lacking in their ability to You know what I mean. Get a message across to young hip hop artists. This ain't about hip hop to me. This is about inner city shit that's going on all over the country. No I'm not placing the blame on old only older artists. I'm saying like just in our culture overall like you feel me like it's all hip hop was based on the principal really off the streets. Like you feel me? Everybody had to be the toughest, the hardest And then it got to a point where we start seeing niggas really living their raps.


But there was a lot of niggas back then real quick that was doing what they doing. A lot of them is coming home now that was, that was living like that. It was just wasn't on the internet And they did it different. It wasn't braggadocios the rappers pretended to be the guys that they watched do it. Right. They pretended to be that guy. So they were around that. They were around them niggas that was catching 10, 15 bodies but they were just acting like it was them and D got shot over ghetto Up Here. No we don't sound like we we No you don't sound Absolutely no we agree with you. Senseless killings and stuff like that. Ben, what's the next step? We agree you you coming from a standpoint to me like yo nigga yo, he gonna have his day in court. It happened. You niggas put yourself in that position. That's how that's how I'm receiving your message.


Yo y'all niggas put yourself in that position. You should have known better and deal with it. That's how I'm taking your message. So that's why I'm talking on the other side of it. If you don't mean that I apologize, You know what I mean but that's how I'm taking it. I see all singles of it. I See all angles. I agree. I understand what you're saying. You not wrong nigga. Like nigga what This shit is over nothing. This shit is stupid. Niggas got a lot of money. Niggas made it out the hood. Why the fuck you niggas is killing each other, shooting each other, senseless killing. I'm I'm with you on that as well. I'm with you man. You're killing A nigga in your backyard. You hopping a plane. No but bigger than That you boarding a plane to go and shoot in broad daylight. Yes by the mall in LA by the mall. I'm with you.


Stop yo. At some, at some point adults gotta start sounding like adults. I don't want to hear this, this this teen summit shit y'all talking about. I agree with you. The same thing when them niggas got to busing right by the Renaissance Hotel. NLA broad daylight. Broad daylight. My same point about consonant in Union Square on a Friday on a much different note exists here at some. No you can't just grab a gun and start shooting in broad daylight where people that don't have nothing to do with y'all beef, your anger, your hurt, your hood problems, your I'm a demon, I seen too much so now I'm a demon nigga. Then go move that shit somewhere.


I agree with that. Mm And if you're gonna do that, this don't even sound worse. Nigga's been doing that since the beginning of town. This shit Crazy. And that's the point. This shit crazy And they hoods and they jungles niggas is doing that. You might not do that in these white people neighborhoods 'cause you're gonna get caught. Niggas give a fuck over here. You know what I'm saying? But now just that if you got enough money to get a nigga killed, get a nigga killed the right way. Get the ninjas, It's gonna sound bad. It don't cost, It's gonna Sound hard. Nothing to get somebody killed. Unfortunately. Unfortunately I'm not gonna be associated with it in no way, shape or form. It's not gonna be no id It is not gonna be no renter car. It's not gonna be an airplane ticket. It is not gonna be nothing that can remotely come back. Gonna be a rap about it. That is gonna come back to me. It's Not gonna getting, we're talking about niggas who are, don't come from the greatest education system and not that smart.


I-I-I-I-I take the other side in that argument. I Take the other side too. I Take the you A legitimate street nigga niggas in the streets was getting niggas murdered at 17 and 18 years old in a manner that they didn't want to be tied To it. Yeah. Dirk dad and his dad, like he probably has had the greatest education on the effects of what this does. That's a good point. I ain't, I ain't Yeah, that's a good point. You at a front row seat. I'm just sick and tired of us. And again, I'm not really talking about him 'cause he'll have his day in court. I don't know, I don't know nothing about none of that. They gonna have to try and tie that money, whatever they're trying to do.


And I certainly ain't about to say it help no case. I don't know nothing about nothing. I'm just tired of seeing young, black successful people, successful people get the opportunity And lose it Like that. Like that because of where we came from and, and and the things we've endured and experienced. At some point somebody has to be break the cycle. But wait but wait, when you say, hold on, yes, I agree with you. A lot of times these things be retroactive, right? We know a person, the shit would surf free. Our brother, like the shit that he got involved in was retro. He changed by the time that they came and looked for him.


A lot of shit be be you A lot of shit be retro it over it before and to, to me a lot. Sometimes you do stuff in the moment that I'm not making an excuse. I do agree with him, but sometimes you do shit in the moment of 2016 or 15. It's the, the situation that you're in then you see something from a different perspective. You get around niggas like you or get around niggas that's showing niggas a different light and like, yo, you know, I want to do better, but that's is still there and you have to deal with it. Not in this instance, but You. Right. I gotta saying and, and not in the surf instance either free to wave, surf. I love him but surf will be the first to tell you. I said my nigga moved to Africa. Yeah Not Africa But when he got away but he Hey Stop you and go now Go.


He Said you did. 'cause yes, if you in the same environment, yes. Something retroactively that you did in your past is gonna come back. I I, I could not stop thinking of Chief Keef this whole time as an example of, or at least the only example I could think of, of somebody who did the right way. Did the right way. I don't know about his past, his street ties, none of that shit. All I know is he got a record deal word spread fast around the industry about who he be like it normally does. He wowed out for a year, maybe the first year and a half. And then he boogie. He moved. He moved and we never heard a thing again.


And yeah, he took advantage of the opportunity rebranded and is now recognized as the godfather of that sound and the fucking musical genius that he is. True. Nobody mentions his name with none of this other shit. Know why? 'cause he got an opportunity and seemingly stopped. And guess what? If he didn't stop, it wasn't in a song. It wasn't in a real good point. It wasn't on YouTube. Live streamed. Yeah, it wasn't that. Yeah, it wasn't Dad, I don't want to hear This shit from these nigga. I don't. I don't. Hey, play stupid games. Win stupid prizes, play stupid games, win stupid prizes. If I went out there and did it and I'm a little older, but if I went out there and did it, the word would be a little different from the people that love me.


Nigga, what are you doing? What are you doing? I'm fucking leaving my dad house. Leaving my dad house. I make a left. It's me. And I forgot who I was with. Oh it was my little brother. We make a left right there on, eh, it don't matter. But they had a memorial and news reporters all over there, big crowds. I'm like, yo, what happened over here? My brother's like, yo, you ain't here. The, the lady left a 4-year-old in the house for five days or or a baby in the house for five days and the baby died. Shit. Like, wait, what? Like my brain can't compute some of the stuff That is happening out here and in hip hop.


Yeah, another one. This is another one of those things. It's another one of those things. And y'all are in a system that's part of a system. Who do y'all think y'all be talking to on these microphones, in these booths, on these songs with these fucking choruses and bars? Where do y'all think y'all, who do y'all think is hearing this stuff? I just don't understand it. Nigga Cut their iPhone On. I don't understand. And They're courting theyself with hammers and all that with yo, you know, we don't play over. I'm like, they do. You ain't lying. It ain't too many people that figured out a way to have one foot in and one foot out. Very hard to do. I'm sad. It's Damn me. Impossible dude. That's like a whole generation of fucking hip hop music and culture.


That is being just wiped off the map by dumb shit. Yes. It's sad. Yeah. And then they gonna try to put like this type of behavior, this It is like an indictment on it. There is an indictment on hip hop. Yeah, True. Going on right now. And they're gonna try to put this behavior in there when, I don't know if this is that. It's not That. I don't know if this is that. It's saddening. It is disappointing. I don't want to talk about none of This shit 'cause I don't live my life in a way that's conducive for me to understand it. So I shut the fuck up about it. You know, maybe there's some points on the other side as to why people think that this is rational behavior, but It is not.


And unfortunately everybody got a phone, so we gotta stare at This shit and look at This shit. If you out there choose your heroes wisely. That's what I have for you. Choose Your heroes wisely. Be care you. You pick the person that you want to adore and admire with discernment and care. What's you cooking? I'm done. I ain't got nothing on it. Prayers for All. Yeah. Word. Word. Prayers for all. See, but I see talking about me in my forties, I go to sleep thinking about just senseless death. I do. It ain't gotta be somebody shooting somebody. I, I go to sleep thinking about the guy that just went to the bodega to get a sandwich and the car just went and plummeted and bow and now that's the end.


Like, wait, that's not fair. That's not fair, that's not right on the news. I see. Mad de I be like, for that guy that's not right. Shit. Josh Reynolds. Josh Reynolds, right. The Denver wide receiver that just got shot in his head, in his arm leaving the strip club like This shit is sad and It is fucking depressing Word. I'm sorry that so many of y'all feel like you, you, you need to bust your gun to feel safe. I don't think if, I don't Even know if it'd be about safety now what Is it? Well rather be it Be about my Cheese mouth. What they always say rather to be caught with it than court. Oh, absolutely. I'm talking about for those people. Yeah. Yeah, for those people. That flip is talking about where something might retroactively pop up for something you did back in the day.


I get, I get that. You said what? I said it'd be about my cheese bone now. Like niggas brag about having it on them niggas brag. Yo, you know nigga, you know I don't play nigga, I let this thing go. Like it's, it's a cool thing now I I I feel y'all, I feel like it's It is just, It is deeper Than any of the things we would ever know. Like you feel me? I read a book like one of them books like psychology shit. So it was basically on the urban community and it was like one of the quotes is how we flip suicidal thoughts is homicidal impulses. And it makes a lot of sense when I look back in Yonkers and look at all the little bros and all that when one pass away how everybody's all sad for the week, two weeks, everybody's crying and all of that.


A lot of these young niggas is in their homes suffering from a lack of love, appreciation and all of that. And they think when they die or they go to jail, that they going to get that that one week, two weeks of praise is real love. And they don't realize that it's not a lot of these niggas are really suicidal and they're flipping it ho into homicidal wind impulses. That's sad. Can't argue that. I can see that. I can't argue that all. I can see it too. It's sad. I can't argue that. Well you know, my problem is this what my problem is. I swear to God I hate God. I'm sorry that I hate coming in here on PO days to discuss shit like this. I swear I do. It really grinds my gears. This irks my soul to have to come in here and speak to some of This shit.


But a few things to Jay Juan's earlier point. Let me be the one to tell y'all out there. You don't have to live your raps, you don't have to do that. I don't care what they told you in the eighties and nineties. It's art. You know how many lies I told in raps? Mad Lies. You don't have to get on there and and chronicle crimes Like chronological order. You don't have to name like rest in peace folio. Somebody on my algorithm, a Lio joint song popped up and it was hard. I wasn't too familiar with folio's music, but this song was hard.


And the whole thing was him naming the niggas that died. Like the niggas that got all of the ops. Every one of it was three minutes Of death. We got all of them niggas. The internet now is pulling up old Dirk songs that sound a certain way and the nigga paint a certain picture. The's album cover had a scoreboard up there of us versus y'all and nigga we winning. Like how many niggas we mer versus how many niggas y'all murder. And and that's what's going on. That Don't mean that was true though. It don't, it we don't know.


Nobody knows. We not that close. Thank God we not that close to the situation to know if it's true or not. But just the idea, it it looks the way The optics, It looks away that fucking song with the choir saying, oh my life bit man, yo dog, who the fuck do y'all think y'all are fooling with this stuff? All of this key to this city. Yo you know, my promise is let me talk and then you can go ahead. Like some of us come from hoods where we know killers, we've spoken to some of them, some of 'em got good hearts.


So we, we understand some of us come from places where some killers we understand. So we do have a empathy. That is not present in modern day society. And that's how they could tell that we from where we from because we kind of in a sick twisted way. Get it, get some of that and Rationalize Some of that. And I'm not saying that's okay, but that exists in some of us. We have to draw a line between that and just romanticizing bad killers. Y'all niggas, whoever this applies to are not good at killing.


Y'all are missing your target. Hitting another target, going to rap about it. Killing a kid, killing a mom, killing in the daytime, killing at a mall, killing in very crowded fucking areas, killing over nothing. You niggas are killing over absolutely nothing and Then rapping about it. Yeah. So that's my problem. Like I wanna, I'm wanna separate the people that have that type of empathy that I'm speaking about. Because those people that I'm talking about, I never spoke to one of 'em and they was like, all right mouse, I'm about to run this bodega and just let everybody in their habit since Elon Musk purchased X, my four U tab is nothing but those types of senseless murders.


It's dudes running in check cashing spots with AR fifteens and just wiping everybody out. Like This shit is a mess out here. And thirdly, if there was anybody who we would totally understand you making a decision to change your life around and live differently and maybe turn your back to some of the things that was going on previously. It's Dirk. It's Dirk, what else needs to happen? They've killed people close to you, they've killed your family, they've run in your house while you and your queen were sleeping.


If he were to say, Hey you know what dog, I'm cool. I'm gonna take my $60 million and my children and go to Colorado and wrap from there never to be seen again. I think everybody would say, Hey you know what, I get that. I get that. That's never the fucking choice. That's never the route chosen. I don't get it again. He'll have his day in court so I'm not, I'm not really getting in him. They'll have to prove that what they're saying about him is true. But for the niggas that they naed, they talking about they got somebody that was wearing a wire for 12 years.


No, he came home from 12. He had it for years though. Alright. He came home from 12, had a wire on him and was wearing the wire for years. Got it. Got it. Damn For the niggas that they nabbed though. They got the shooters. They got the shooters already. Hey there was 20 million cameras over there on sunset at three o'clock that day. You boarded the plane with your name. We got the text, we got, we got you receiving the money. That's where the problem is. It's not that it was just a murder for hire. We have the money being paid. Unlike, unlike DOL where they was talking about it was a murder for hire. We never got paid.


So that made it fuzzy. These people got received money, whoever these people are. So now they gotta track it. The Crazy shit be you got the money on Zelle Or Venmo Or Cash app or some wild shit. Like If That is the case. Yeah. It's just not, these are senseless crimes that don't appear to have much thought I going into it other than emotional, violent, emotional reaction and response. And it's a shame to keep seeing it happen to the people that that that found a way to the people that hit the lotto. That's these opportunities we talking about. Don't just pop up for pe it's, it's like It is like hitting the lotto.


I wish that we would cherish it more. I wish that we would value ourselves and each other just more than to keep doing that. That's all. That's all I'm doing. I think. I think that, you know, I'm in the middle Joe, I I I'm realizing that podcasting, the job that we have to do is filled with hypocrisy. And I say that to say because when we talked about liking that same dirk song, you push the fact that you didn't want to hear that. You wanted to hear the regular Dirk shit that he used normally does. And on top of that, everybody's not as fortunate and as smart as you to take an opportunity. I'm pretty sure that when I hear a story about how you sat in your truck and somebody tried to take your do whatever in the gun jammed.


I'm pretty sure if you didn't have the maturity and the success you had or just being the person you had, being the person you are, if that nigga was outside playing around and you had the opportunity based off, in my opinion, the environment you come from, something could have happened to him if he didn't go to jail. 'cause he tried to take your life. The guy that broke my jaw in the park, I looked for him for that shit bothered me every day looking for over 10 years sitting in the park, laying there on the bench on YouTube. Can't find this nigga. 'cause I got snuck and my jaw broke and it was around the neighborhood until I interviewed soul being, he was able to, I had to sit down across that across from this guy. And it's a simple broke my jaw snuck me from behind. So I'm saying that we experienced some of these traumas that we are not as fortunate as you and It is an excuse but we not as fortunate to think how you think to have like But you are.


That's the problem. I I am now. That's that I am now before I got that but before I got, before I got here around Ju Sea, I thought different. No you were still blessed. You still No, but I thought different. You were one of the lucky ones the way I was one of the lucky ones. You're absolutely right. Somebody put a gun inside of my Hummer on Gifford and Bergen and pulled the trigger point blank range and it didn't go off. That's luck. Part of being good is being lucky, but that's luck. That didn't make me say, that's kind of my point is we have to value ourselves in a way where I'm not now trading in my life to cancel yours.


True. I don't think that's a fair exchange. I think God blessed me in that moment. So let me be wise enough to go and meet my potential in all of the things that I'm capable of versus getting with the 40 niggas that I was with at the time and figuring out how to go handle that in a different way. Even if, even if you were gonna handle it, it's still, I I maybe it's me, I'm still not going to handle it Will. It's just gung ho How many experiences you had to go through for you to say to yourself, yo, let me make a change. This is what we are all forgetting. Like some people need a certain amount and unfortunately it may end up death or jail, but when you in the streets, regardless if you got money or don't, that's what come with it.


That's the only options. You used the word Yes. I wasn't in the Streets. That's not true either. Even when you in the streets, you just not gonna say yo fuck it and I'm gonna just crash out the smart niggas that's making money in the streets and that's doing things in the streets. Yeah, some of them niggas is getting niggas killed but they not just getting niggas killed on some yo go kill that nigga on Main Street at two o'clock in the Daytime. Everybody in the streets not making money. Some niggas are just in the way in the streets. Streets. I. didn. I Didn't say that either. It is some niggas on the, in the street game. That's just not dumb. We we trying to make it seem like yo, the niggas that live that life, that's just how they are And that's not true. There's a gen generational gap. Y'all were raised different. Chicago is different from New Jersey, from New York, from Yonkers, from Queens.


Like It is a different world. None of the, none of the murders I'm talking about happened in Chicago. No they didn't. But the niggas that are committing them, allegedly. I'm talking about from Chicago, shit that happened in Atlanta where we all could have left the hookah spot Peacefully. I agree with this. I've been in the parking lot. Yo, if you've been outside, you've been in a parking lot before with some niggas that I me You know they was going bullshit. Yeah and you move accordingly in the parking lot. I'm talking about Atlanta and Florida. I don't care about where y'all come from. I understand that Chicago's a different place, which is why you never hear me talk about Chicago. I'm not there to know or speak to it. Once you get your rat money and invest that in vest, bullets, ammo, guns, the joints with the switch and bounties dog we're getting you for the bounty.


You cannot just run around and put money on top of somebody's head 'cause you got money. Sorry, that's not how this works. Okay, is there ever a time where a nigga be like, yo, you know better? Is that ever stand like yo That's what I'm saying, knew Better. Yeah. When you in jail that twin niggas have that conversation when you in jail, yo bro, you knew better. Niggas don't have that conversation on the streets. I'm talking about within yourself When they are in jail. Did you have it after you got shot? Yeah, I had it before and after. You See, You had it multiple Times but when I got shot it wasn't based on something that I was doing necessarily dumb. What I'm saying is this, when I was a kid I knew better when I'm an adult I knew better.


I agree with this. I'm not blaming it on nobody. Anything that goes on in my life today, whether It is in business, whether it's in personal bro, I tell, I hold myself accountab accountable for every decision I ever made in my life, bro. We are a combination of our decisions. That's a fact, right? So cool. I'm not gonna blame this. I'm not gonna blame that. I'm not going, when I was running around, I was still smarter than most of the niggas running around because I thought different than them, they was doing dumb shit. I ain't wanna do it, I ain't do it. That's, and thank God coming up, the niggas that was doing dumb shit, protected niggas like me, Not all the time but even when they, I still would say, oh that nigga on dummy time we see I'm going over there, we see Dirt hold.


I just, they let old boy go to the park and work on this jump shot. You got a chance young boy. Yep. You come from a good saying man go get your shit off while we out here. I see that like I'm with Ish at some Not of People that know better no more. That ain't true. We just ain't coming around you niggas that's shooting 20 niggas a month. Fuck y'all, fuck y'all. No it ain't that many niggas saying that right now on my block right now. And Carl can tell y'all this, there's a bunch of young niggas that have no reason to be out there. They're not even from over there. And every time I come outside I keep asking yo, why they here? Like what is their purpose like and what's the response? And nobody has a response. I've been asking for the last month and a half, yo. Why they here? Like what the fuck are they doing?


Like what are yeah, what are, what is, what is their purpose and no. And you know what the commiss shit is. They just outside. They want to be outside and That is it it It is never the person. It's always the entourage. A lot of the times that be the problem behind a lot of shit Dog. It Takes a v it takes a village to raise a child. Yeah, dog. Right? Take I even me trying to be outside. Remember my, my mother coming into clubs looking for me right At a young age or nigga Webb and Nitty having a conversation aggressively, but yo nigga you not doing that little TJ go in the house, you got a good mother, you got a house, go to school giving me money. You don't need to do that here. Take the money, go buy yourself some sneakers and this is what, but sometimes you just watch shit and you want, that's why I took accountability because I had niggas tell me that.


And thank God I did. Thank God it was a group of niggas that, and I asked him this question as an adult. Like, yo, what did y'all see? I asked Nitty when I sat down with him, yo, what y'all nigga saw that y'all didn't even give me a pack or say go do a dummy mission. Because in my mind I was more than capable of doing it 'cause I was doing it on my own. And he explained to me that yo, a lot of times when we grow up there's always those special ones that we cherish an extra mile and we cherish like, nah, you go to school, I missed my opportunity, I missed it. So It is niggas out there that will do. So I had that experience. You know what I mean. I had that experience. So And y'all just today? Y'all today man, y'all kids today. Oh man.


Yeah. I do like my forties. First of all, aging is a gift. It is, I want to, I wanna remind the audience of that getting older is the blessing one and two, the stunt today is different than whatever y'all are putting on Instagram. The stunt today is nitty hitting me to say Happy Father's Day. Mm. Love yo og. Remember back in the day we made it. I you kids, my kids, I just talking to father dad, family. Yo, what you doing now that we don't have to do none of that no more. That's the stunt It Is, y'all are confusing the stunt out there.


Y'all are. I I I pray that y'all, I pray that y'all get guidance from somewhere. Whoever this applies to, whoever this applies to again, Dirk will have his day in court and because I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt, I hope that they can't prove none of that stuff that they attempting to prove on him. That's the hope. I feel it. I agree. Alright. Alright. I mean in More in more hip hop court news You know what I mean. No, it's a weekend man. I was in a good mood and a good vibe and y'all coming here with this, y'all with this?


Hoo come on man. Lemme lemme call on this Howard Luther real quick. Yo man, this life thing, this life thing is good. It's precious. This life thing is good. It is beautiful. It is fragile. It is delicate. It is to be treated and handled with care. Care. Damn. This is a long intro. Yeah, he knew this might be my favorite. This might be my favorite Luther song too. He knew the beat was blind. Yo, just let it run. Let it run. I ain't ready yet.


Luther was getting some coffee or something. Fucking some nigga in the back. No say That. What you think Luther never fucked? No dude in the studio A shining star. Not right before doing This. George Michael, you think some of these slaps come from gay sex in the back? A nigga slapping him and pulling out a gun on him and telling him to go record. Remember that producer that they said that that was doing that niggas was forcing a nigga to record under distress, nigga So yeah, I I I Gun on Luther. You talking about Phil Spectrum? No, Thank, you duck I didn know This in jail nigga Jordan. He's in jail. Yes he's in Was based off wham.


Yeah. come on. What wham man, what did wham really mean? Niggas that meant nigga but ass Me up before you go. Niggas That mean they was butt ass for Gordon. Now white Lutheran, no drawers on do this. Oh Man, listen to it. I don't stop. Yeah, it's good vibes and good energy in here. It I don't give a fuck Yes it Was about who nigga, I'll stop that. Luther was gay. Confirm number much, much number, much It.


Right. We still fuck with Luther Good Times. Yeah, but he ain't confirmed he was gay like he died. A Lot of niggas don't confirm they gay. Luther. Luther was gay. Nigga, why you wanna dance with your father? I told you no that's not gay With why you wanna dance with your dad? Tell Y'all come in the house. Your dad let's dance. You gonna look at him crazy. Listen, that's not gay. No I'm not you. No I'm not. And that's one of my favorite songs. That's not gay. Call him right Now and Ask him if he dancing. I'm not calling him right now. I never Yo You got trauma son. You got trauma. And that's what I'm saying. I dancing it with my pops and the podcast Let you, you know, let it out. But you got trauma and I feel for you my nigga. It's all good. I feel you gotta learn how His generation that got trauma. Yeah it ain't just him. It is them. But I like that about you because you're expressive.


You expressive but you, I'm letting you know if you trying to hide it nigga shit, you need to be better than how to go. See we Got it, y'all See I wanna hide it. I don't care to hide it. But how does pop feel when, when, when you express that, how do you think pops feel if he watches it and say Yo, whatever my son feel about me, I can it it comes out on camera or comes out on the mic. How do you think he may feel about That? I said it personally to him. Okay. didn didn't know that. That's the relationship. This is my like These are my grievances or issues. Got it Okay. Boom Boom. Like you feel me? I got you. I Got you. And we gonna stop allowing him to come up here and get Jada Kiss trauma. Word That is true. You can't just take the gig and say something bad about go sell some call legend a legend. You, you are not. You gotta be legend.


I'm a legend. You gotta be a legend before you start talking. My legends around here. I'm a legend. That's the pro. These kids with voices Nigga I watch a video at you at homecoming blowing the whistle dance. I'm like nigga what the fuck Oh Shit Big alpha yo. Shout out to big Big Alpha The law abiding citizens out there. God damnit Indeed Thank you. That's you. Yes Indeed. These days. Mm. I ain't tell when I got my car to go up the other street to go up the street the other day I thought I felt like I had warrants. I got paranoid. Yeah. Out the clear blue sky. That Car hot. I don't mean Nice. I felt illegal shit. I felt like Oh Shit let me make sure I'm good.


I like it hot. The one that don't tell me to stop that shit haven't had to think That way in mad long but shit, That Shit looked like a police mag. That shit is a, they gonna get up. See that pink hoodie on You drive slow turn that nigga. That's Luther son Oh Shit. Oh whoa. Yo. Nah That is good yo. That shit No I think I smoke the karaoke look with my You know what I mean And if he got the cigarette between these two fingers he gonna look sassy. Shit Uhuh, I think I smoked these pants. They're not your style but you wouldn't do these. I but the balen PJ Joe. Stop. come on man. Shit look crazy. Alright, how about this At least say they look like Joe Pants.


Those Are Joe pants. Those Are definitely Joe. I think Thelen niggas made 'em for you. You ain't Got it. That's what I said when made you, I was like Oh Shit. They're wildling Now. I don't know. I like them shit. Not Me. They for me they for me. Sound should be unique to everyone selling. Hey what's This shit you got with your back called With my what? Scoliosis. Scoliosis. Having that car in scoliosis is flashing the way you, the way you get in the car. I know you getting that shit fly nigga off nigga sc You right into that shit. You know a nigga went straight back. Shit aint comfortable. Yeah you get into that shit fly. I niggas like look at this nigga, I don't wanna rob you nigga. Nigga you in there but getting to learn. You had to learn how to get in there.


I learn your belly, I mean you five nine, that's different. I hear you. You just, you just got whatever you five 11, whatever you are I five 11. Well how do you hold up for a minute, lemme track on him. You like you like the fucking bitches that went and get lipo and now they look, they appear to be a bad bitch but they brain and shit is still, they Still he some toxic. Yeah he still got short nigga brain and personality and heart and soul. He developed into This Do is accuse him of something nigga then Napoleon shit come right out. Yeah I took over the land Napoleon, I took over the lamb. Yo. No not wrong. You wrong. Who The fuck you think you got? You're wrong. Me in my room. They Got the game. They got the game was Like yo, you tall as hell my G you feel good?


No nigga. I know I'm tall, I ain't tall as hell anyway. But he like yo you don't look like that on the couch. I said yeah the couch is 18 inches high. Nigga stop Dissing the couch. He stopped wait to cut the head anything around him, you know he Wasn't always tall though. He a size eight. I'm not a size, I'm a size 10, nigga size Nine. They don't even, they don't even make that sneaker for niggas that wear 11 and up a girls. You don't even make that nigga. Yeah those are girls niggas And you listening to 'em Don. I don't know you listening To 'em. Stupid ass yo. My feet growing too yo. At this age you grows dead ass yo. I'm dead ass. Benjamin Button as you good bro. AI yo my shit. Good. Goodness.


I hate to break into you Dead ass. I swear yo. I ain't lying. Yo. Pause I was, I was nothing on you is growing swollen, there's nothing on You. That's don't to me that's just G that that's the old nigga swollen. That's gout. That's a swollen foot. Nigga you got one in your knees Dead. I was like yo, should I sell the pod? Will you sleep? Sleep with your feet? I'm like this nigga elevate your toes nigga. That's what It is. This nigga's Stupid know This shit. Shit Swollen. Watch your foot. It is not growing dead Ass. It's no me Too. All Growing. They're not getting swollen. No, They not swollen my feet growing. It is my Sneakers don't feel me. No. Alright, nevermind. Sweaty Hot. Know I shoulda Brought it to the PO around a whole bunch of children.


It is the problem with having children at a old age. You start seeing them grow. You think you grown, you trying to live. My daughter is growing. Wait, I'm growing nigga It is not a P of Pan Language nigga was green tea. I No, for real, my shit growing dead. It is Okay. Ish. Okay, well congrats Thank. You go play. Niggas hating like what does he want us to do with that new information? Right. Like It is, hey you Doing one day though? I ain't Buying. Follow this nigga one day though son I want you sad to see if he doing I want you to reverse it or that nigga one day when he going the little fly for the sliding in, just take your car and follow behind and see what he does. Nigga come back and tell us Spy on this nigga Son. Most of what he does, He Got it now he do some fly shit sometimes differently. Son Spy on this nigga.


He don't do everything the same. That nigga's like ain't Nothing to spy on me. I ain't doing nothing. I live a boring life, yo. No you Don't. I live a really, I Saw, I saw those stories nigga. You was having fun at that karaoke, huh? Oh, I was home in bay by the time I posted that story. I didn. You don't gotta tell me that nigga. I I ain't even shot nigga. I don't, you don't gotta tell me that. You see me post A story. I Don'ts. What's that supposed? I was long gone. Yeah, I was long going out of this. I'm say You just did a good just looked fly. It looked, it looked nice. The view you had. It was nice. It was a vibe. It was a vibe. I thought Mel was gonna be in there. I was asked to go but I couldn't Ooh out get damn.


I wanted to go but I couldn't. Gotcha. Who go? You do. Who asked You to go? Doreen. Okay, Doreen. Hey Doreen. So I'm gonna go to the next time. Next one. Okay. You gonna go with me? come on. We can, we can, we can sing fire and desire That, that, that trick has gotten many a man. It just paused but not I Hey, That one little trick right there made me fail. That's funny. Nah, nah. No it's all right. Okay, I'll see you there. All fine, fine, fine. Oh, you wanted, you Wanted, she want the rod nigga, she want the rod and the, that's what she do. I she do This shit for the ride. Like she don't care about going with you.


For real. She gonna leave your side. We Have fun when we go out. But you gonna leave your side because you mixy you ill. You just want the rod. Yo. So pull up, pull up the block. No, I can, I Can get, that was funny. She don't really leave my side when we Go. I don't, she don't, She don't leave my side when we go out Because he's somebody. Oh I got, he's somebody and nigga like flipping he, yo, y'all good. You actually we good. You walked to the door, you threw left and right. Hour and a half. Hour and a half. I'll beat you right here. Right, okay. Same spot right here. Ready Brick. That's fire. You leave don, don, You fucking know me anyways. And then the one time she did leave my side at that Angie barbecue, I tore her fucking head off for how she did it.


Oh, you Told that story? I went to The bathroom. I know It is a shame. You don't know how to go to bathrooms. No, that's true. But that's, There's a way to go to the bathroom that's Learned the behavior. It's like hood shit. But that come from Hood shit. Put women, there's a way that comes from hood, Melyssa fo and women in general. I, I seriously can't even remember. I feel like I had security take me. No, you had some strange random niggas. You had a I know what the bathroom is. Oh, It is this way. Oh take me, take, take me there. Take me the, I wanna go there. I wanna go take me there. I wanna go there. Take me there. This nigga's stupid. Yeah, but you fucked up for watching and not stopping it nigga. You watched This shit happening. If something went down that bathroom, you was complicit nigga.


You watched it. You watched her go look. He would say, yo, come here Mel, you, you can take mine your business to, I gave her a look. She Was fucked but she didn't recognize the look. So she went off I didn. But when she came back and homeboy went wherever you went, I gave her the thrashing. She Got it. I did very Good. She Got it. I hated that. I have to do that to Mel. It's Okay. I learned my lesson that day. She Understands that won't happen again around me. It's just Mr plus one. You know that right? And you gotta stop that plus one shit. You get that shit off like you as a man to be known as Mr Plus one. You really comfortable with your sexuality, your masculinity, you just comfortable, you a plus one.


You walked up the stairs as a plus one. Don't let, you went to the game as a plus one. You went to the, I'm Not mad at him going to the game as a plus to this one. Listen, the plus one knee is okay, give Gimme, Gimme some plus one times. Y'all just say anything up here On these mic. Okay, cool. I can give it to you. The dinner, you went to a while on them niggas. You was a plus one. I I never went to Dilla. Wallo in my life. Duh, Simba. Why was I a plus one? So Simba was a plus one. Oh, you invited him to dinner? Well I'm asking you because you saying it's smarty pants. The point I'm trying to say is that you are Mr. Plus one and you don't have to. Well you told Us about one time you was a plus one and it's sensitive so I ain't joking on it. But. yeah, you told us one time when you said you was Mandy's plus one. You said that up here.


No, Mandy said that. I never said that nigga. He don't like that. You Mandy said that and you Brought it to bottom. Damn man. Man. He said yo, This is my plus one sir. And you came in the pod nigga and you gonna snuff me over. Look, I'm not at, I got a smile on my face. I'm not even Ramon. Somebody smiling. No, I can't. It ain't gonna hit hard. It ain't even gonna hit tomorrow. Crazy. Y'all just be making up shit. No, I think it's fly. You get it off and it says that the niggas don't want me to be there plus one. I'm not. I'm not Ish. It is more from a jealous point of view. Mr. Bro is just funny. Yeah, that's funny. He's hilarious. Yo, listen, I'm company mandate. Consider this a company wide email. We not letting Mel and Ish walk to the board together anymore.


Nor are we letting Mel and Mark Lamont Hill walk to the board together anymore. I am open Off mic. She just spazzed on us. I did. She did. I did. She said motherfuckers, I'm the only one that writes On the Board that That is motherfucking right. Look, let's, the times that I have come in here and sat my ass down, guess what happened? The board stayed blank. But let's keep, let's Now that part turned out. This not This not fucked up Fire. Right. Shut Absolute heat. This Not her only time doing this. She ratted on niggas before I did not rat. And we walked in. The nigga called the meeting on the balcony. You did Rat. I don't think that was ratting. Not only did. Wait, wait, how was that? Ratting? Oh, Shit. We waking it up. Not only did she rat and I called the meeting on the balcony about people's participation with the board.


Then at the end of the meeting, I tried to be a civil responsible dude. I was like, all right, does anyone here have anything that they would like to address the staff with? I, I remember that. And nobody said nothing. And I looked at Mel and I was like, Mel, She, She's like, no, That Was so, no, I'm good Joe. I'm good Joe. I said this fucking She act like Yo Mel, yo, Hold the fuck up. I have addressed them before when I was standing at the board that was, and everybody was just talking amongst themselves. Listen, No she did that. Listen, she did do that before. Listen to me. Hold on. Yes. If you wasn't fine, if she was, do you know how dis your life would be If you was yourself?


You didn't look the way you looked and you pulled some of This shit that you be trying to pull. Man, girl man, you sat there. I remember we all, My sister in Christ. You yo. No for real. Mel sat there like she didn't bring it to the nigga's attention. Like she was like, he just called a random meeting. He felt like the yo she sat there. It was her reading. She was yo and yo. She, she was like, Yo, He was hot, was hot. Hold, wait, wait. Lemme just finish this. She was sympathizing with us because ice me Ish, I like where this came from nigga how I gotta, he was looking at me, ice was offended and she just shut the Mel sat there and let me argue with people, you know I trying to argue.


I used didn't like that shit. Do y'all remember the time I was standing at the board and the three of you were just like chatting up, chatting up. I was like, I am not standing here for the good of my motherfucking health. You said that. Can you guys help me with this fucking boy? We I'm keep it room. We thought you was having another one of your hissy fits. That's it. So we just ignored you. I hate that I get shit off This shit. I hate that it gets packaged like that. It Is a hissy. This we talking about some man. No, no. Am I standing here and you guys not seeing me? Nigga just talking. Wanna say It again? It's not even because that you ran Off mid party Pride before. A couple times She's ran off mid party. Yeah. Why are you Walking like that? Come back. Come back. Tell about you Oh.


Shit. I'm supposed to be doing the A. That has not happened in a long time. You That is our time to sexualize you at the workplace too. You A different man. No Problem. When you go to the board, you Fast Walks me, it don't look the same. You fucked up Mark. Mark Lamont. Walk up there like nigga move man. See what you're doing. Look at Mark. Now day one invested in the board. Put your baggy jeans. That's hate. That's hate. That's hate A little bit, right? That's hate. That's nasty. That's a little bit hate. Actually what I did was I brought him over to the board. I said now this is what happens when we come in today. I was doing Mel. Okay so I, this is what we come in. What we do when we come inside, we come to the board with our topics. And Now and now and now today is you gonna walk to the board with you? No, He came to the board last.


Yeah, Last, last, last. Come to the, I ain't even, you wouldn't Even be here. You I'm a big do he. He is definitely, of course he went to the bowl, but Mark was here. He started to contribute. Yes, I Love It. He wanted to check. Came in with subjects Bart workers and stuff. Cool. Me. It is cool. Mark took him to the game, made him feel better the workplace. He Mark took him to the game. You know what I mean? My phobia. Your coworker standing with me nigga. You Know what I'm saying? Thunder. Yo. What you doing tonight? You free nigga? Yo, You free tonight nigga. Yo, what's wrong with Ben? Take you courtside. Let take you courtside to the game. Let's go on a deep. You ever been courtside? You look good though. Wait, no, no. Hold up. Don't cough man. We crack Down nigga. They gonna catch us on tv.


Sit Right here. And then nigga drove over there with gas prices at a look at me about to pretend like I know we a gas prices. I don't know but they gotta be high. That nigga took the I nine five. Listen man, me coming to the job, it's nothing against you. You know what I mean. I'm just CMG to do a gig. I don't want You to feel Intimidated by my presence. Yeah, I don't want you to feel no type of way about me nigga. I knew her before We had great, I knew Mel before you. How did I I met first when I was a professor. That'd be my question. How Did I get involved in this? That'd be my Question. I'm not even involved How She get to the pool. Yo, How did she get here? She Got a man. Don't have nothing to do with her. How the fuck is she Alright?


Yo It is time for my a key fob. Not a nothing, not nothing. She ain't got the code to the door but she get in some shit. I be like she hounding Mel get in this. She Know the managers just Like Ish. I can be a plus one. You know you queen plus one. Yeah, no you a queen plus one people Like me. But you call for the plus one. Like I'm not even, they call Ish a plus one. You call invite yourself. Yo. No. No. Are you going to, don't let him spin the narrative. I'm sorry. Okay. Don't let him do it. I'm sorry man.


Alright. It is time for my favorite Part of the Show. It is PrizePicks time. Woo woo. Hey PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Super easy, very simple to play. All you have to do is select two players across all sports. I, repeat all sports, look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win big. There's season long games, there's all types of big money games over there. But for this week I am gonna go with, let's see, Justin Jefferson played already and got more than that. 83 yards. Let see, I'm riding hot in again. Back Gets be off. Why? Because of all the, the non calls against s that non call The I was hyped. I'm like, oh, they got one last chance. A minute 52nd left. I started dragged Him down by the whole face mask. I'm like, oh, you killed my vibe right now. They killed me too. I started Sam Darnell in in fantasy because of that Jayden Daniels injury last week. I wasn't sure. Yeah. So I started Sam Darnell and I really would've liked him to cook up some magic on that last time. Yeah. At least Give him A shot. And the rest was standing right there during that face mask Right there. And you could a face mask is one of the easiest shit to see the whole helmet Turned Neck. Neck. Yeah. His whole body turned around. Yo. And Dude was running away like, oh, I can't believe I got him by the face mask. Like, Alright, now's not the time. Sorry, carry on to discuss it. But I have a good idea as to why some of these calls are being missed. Carry on. Let's, But anyway, I'm going with Saquon Barkley for more than 67 and a half rush yards. Easy. Of course I'm going with Tyreek Hill for now. I'm gonna lower that number to, for more than 80 receiving yards. You gonna turn up this week? I'm going with Jordan Love you to his back. Right to his back. I'm going with Jordan Love for less than 257 and a half passing yards. And I'm riding a hot hand of Drake, London. I got him with a Tud, a touchdown and more than 60 receiving yards. He is been heating up for me in the last four weeks. I'm five and two. Got a big matchup this week. Download the app today and use code JB Pete to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I, repeat, download PrizePicks today and use code JBP to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Good luck to all participants out there and run your game. That's a, that's a fly line. Run your game. Smooth. Yeah, I like that. It's in the game. It's not like EA Sports. It's growing on me. But. yeah. Yeah. Run your game It is what? It's growing on me.


Pause like your shoes. My feet Nigga. Now my shoes ain't growing real quick. This feel It is 49 years old. Set my foot. Is This feel like A 12:00 AM drop. I'm feeling it like the energy is good chasing it. Yeah, of course I chase it. You chasing the midnight drop. You like that midnight drop? Yeah because It doesn't Feel good when you outside moving around And This shit. Y'all like Oh Shit. It's just a weekend vibe. But you know how I feel about that. Don't chase it though. Yeah, don't chase it. It might happen. It might happen Because don't fuck it up though. 'cause you, you, you don't be Mr. Chaos Today. No, no. I'm in a good mood. Yeah. Let it, let it let it flow. I'm in good mood. I'm in a great mood. I ain't got You know what I mean? What's Up man? It feel like a 12:00 AM drop to you too Sis. Do you like a midnight drops? I love the midnight drops.


Do you know when it drops? Yeah because people hit me that it dropped. Yes. Just like all y'all. I get calls and texts when the shit drops early. Well he proves This shit. He, this nigga got a whole, he proves it. We don't know about Y Niggas is Alien. That's it. Stupid legends. Alright, we have brand new music from Summer Walker. Okay, I didn't hear this yet. Heart Of. A Woman Like to hear it. Here it go. I love Summer Walker. I do shit. Sound Like Sonny Braxton is Do the things I do wanna give up on you but I know I can't.


I put no blame on giving. I try strong. Alright. Y'all know I stand for summer so I'm gonna shut up and let y'all do the review.


All right. What's the verdict? I like it. That's fire. Sounds good. Oh, a older Phil. I absolutely love Summer Walker. I stand what music? I love Summer Walker Music. I stand for Summer Walker music. Same. I think that she's got two classics under her belt. That's me. I'm not telling y'all to agree. And I think that the third installment and final installment, I think this is finally over It. Over it still over it. Finally over it. I think this is gonna be more the same. She's about to absolutely smoke this and fire at that Larry Nigga. This whole album. Larry a Larry. You made that nigga famous.


Don't cop this. No, she made him famous. Hey Larry, skip this. Drop my brother. She is about to kick your back in and fuck somebody better. Larry. Larry might be back in the building. Larry's not in no building stop. It is that same shit you tried to pull offsetting Cardi. I'm done with you Larry. And where's all set? I don't know. Mm mm It's okay. You know something? Nope. You got some tea? Nope. I drink coffee. I look, I look forward to hearing the Summer Walker project. I was about to hit somebody to find out when it dropped. That's how thirsty I am. But just good to, good to feel like a fan again. Yeah. Gimme some music. It's been a few years since the last album. This sounds fire.


Very first single Ish or first Dropage from this. But I can't wait to hear her get get getting her Fuck Larry bag. That's it. That's what I got for Summer Walker. Stupid. Yeah. Sounded good. It sounded good. Didn didn't floss. I didn't do none of that crazy shit. I don Start looking. Did you pull out a lint? A lint brush on while I'm on air? Yo fuck boy Joe. I didn't mean Okay. Don't do that. Don't start the okay shit like, because I know what that mean. Insubordinate. Okay. Yeah. Don't do that. Don't put that under my, don't put that in my file. Put that in my file buddy. Joe please. Right next to The floss. How did this happen anyways?


Where'd all the fluff on you outside? Okay, Yeah Man. You know I think that I speak for everybody. We're we're glad that you have, you know, such impeccable hygiene habits. But like why on camera? I don't know. You've been checking me about that shit way before I, I can't believe you ratted on me last time because you, you pulled me too side. They were about the see You pulled and I didn't wanna risk, you know some shit flying outta your teeth and landing on me. I understand ma'am. Got It. I'm Sorry don't you? But you look slick. Your face. You trying to help get rid of me so I see you bad. 'cause all my days off you just try to call shit out. Yo. You got a Linn brush. Yo. You flossy your teeth. He Did it. Yo, whatever y'all doing, leave that at the pet farm.


Hey, Whatever y'all doing, You watch that whole shit Too. Take that shit to SeaWorld or wherever the fuck y'all was at. Animal Kingdom. Yo. Y'all Got a pet farm? What The fuck? Yeah. It is Dope here. We talking about Summer Walker, not your lack of hygiene. Which one y'all think? Hmm? Summer walker's. Lemme Wait this out. Let's go back to Summer Walker. Do y'all have any thoughts on the new summer walker project and not flips hygiene Summer Walker? The song that I heard was nice. It reminds me It is an old school field, nineties field. Like it dead or whoever said it and Jwan said it sound like Brandy. Yeah, They gave me brandy. That shit was fire. He gives it a little bit of a brandy feel. They did? Yeah.


I'm jacking that. I'm jacking that too. Heart Of. A Woman. He's young niggas. It is different. It's the Heart Of. A Woman. Bro. What was wrong with that? Nothing. That's good lingo. All right. Got I got you. I'm with you. Summer is summer. Shot of summer. Let's just be, be careful with our Brandy references. No, that's Yeah. He love Brandy. You think that's bad? I think that was a compliment. She knocked somebody off for me. It's a compliment. It is a compliment. I think to one of those people. It gave me that It is a compliment to one of those people. To one, To one of those people.


Like I think You just say it. Slow down maybe A little bit the to one of them who might be the heir to the Whitney Voice Throne. Talking about how their relationship, I'm not talking about our fodder. Okay. Their relationship. So yeah, let's cool it now just a little bit. Let's let Summer be Summer. Miss Norwood. Y'all should have a little more respect. I wasn't talking about the vocals. I was talking about the production, the sound. Yeah. Say it though. Say it though. Miss Norwood is not to be played with. So the nuance isn't needed. Yo, you know what? We have had a lot of new hires. We had to let Mark know about how we feel about Jay-Z up here.


We need to make a list. I'm gonna make a list of the people that y'all need to just treat with a little, have a little more reverence for when We talk about him. Miss Norwood is on that list for me. Let's just be careful. Is all That is all I'm saying? I think in another life you might have married her yo. Well, If I could act right, like if I could. Yeah. 'cause I Don't think she tolerating that. Imagine him and Ray J as own brother-in-laws. Holy shit. Oh. Shit. Thanksgiving would be insane. Y'all Would be Outta here. That is a content gold mine. You niggas Would be Outta here. What? Mona Scott would've been rich. Y'all. You know what's funny though, like I do have, I do have a theory and I'm with what y'all are saying.


I also think the brandies and some of them, the Whitneys, some of them that are buttoned up, Be with the shit All the way. I, I can cook hers, I can all the way with shit. That's it. You'll just never know it. Yeah. Because of, I just Carry myself Classy Yeah, they just got class. But you think that Brandy or the likes of Brandy don't like a dick with some toxicity? I don't believe that. I don't believe that at all. Now that I'm in her pussy business, I love Brandy. I love brandy too much to even to even put her through the Joe button experience. Like I don't think that's right. That's funny son. I don't think that's right. I'm with you.


Sometimes you gotta save people from yourself. Like sometimes you can look at somebody and know the damage that yeah, that It is a piranha over here. Get out my water. Please go ahead girl. And sing them s sing them songs. Yeah. Don't, don't ever do this. Get out my water voice. Yeah, Because And the reason you don't date them chicks, this all buttoned up like that. Anything they say publicly, they right. They could be dead ass wrong in the house. Like that whole Kiki Palmer and her man shit, I mind my business. But I got some thoughts. If Brandy say Joe Button did some shit in the house, nigga I did some shit in the house.


It ain't no fighting that. I love you Brandy. Anyway. Anyway. Anything else in music? Not a ton, no. Anybody From your backpacker boys Came out? Shane War dropped a, a great project. Self-produced Lotus Child. Megan Thee Stallion dropped a Deluxe, which is a whole 13 new songs. So it's a new album. I don't understand that. I'm never listening to Megan Thee Stallion. It was, It sounded pretty good. I only listened to like two or three songs. It sounded pretty good. I just don't understand why you wouldn't put that out as a new album. It's weird if it's that many songs. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm saying that, but her last album did have some songs that I fuck with. I play Some of you would probably like some of This shit. I play some of them snake sounding songs Kind. I just think she need to change up the, the tempo of some of the songs.


That is all, yeah, it's Kind of it. The tempo and the rhyme style is a Little consistent. But I don't have a problem with that. I don't Have a problem with that. Well me neither. I'm not gonna listen to her consistently enough for that to be a problem. I get you. Yeah, I Get you. But shout to her. Yeah, Shout to her. Who else? Who else? Y'all don't give a fuck about music when it drop. Right? Like Friday come y'all don't even check the iTunes store. Look at these things. You don't. It was a pretty quiet week in their defense. We look to Parks Ice ain't here. We wish he usually have I I'll speak for ice. Yes. The East side has dropped. I'm excited about that. Snoop presents to EP still East Side or still Easty West Coast. Shoot. And speaking Vice. I think Gucci dropped a A record.


Oh he did okay With somebody. Him and Sexy. There you go. Him and Sexy Red. I'm sure that's fire. I'll wait for ice to play it for me before I hear It. I'm gonna listen to everything tonight. Not I tonight You crazy as hell outside. So you ain't gonna tonight be shaking. Nah, no, no. Nah. You don't Punishment no nigga Chilling. He don't need, you want Punishment. He don't need to go outside no more now that he got the love from his father this week. That's what it was. I was, I was outside trying To get, he ain't outside trying to fill that empty void shit To me. Where have you been fo I love his Kid. Alright. Musicians have have at it.


Have at it. I have absolutely nothing else in music. Yeah. It's a pretty quiet week. It Pretty quiet week. What else we got? Do you guys wanna talk about Menendez brothers possibly getting parole Shout? Tell us to them. Okay. Well the district attorney in California has basically said that he's going to recommend to the judge who is going to Resentence him. Yeah. He, well he's recommending re-sentencing and You are on top of this Menin issue. You like Dim Kardashians? No, I mean I think You ain't missed a beat with This shit. I, well I mean like it's hard not to because it's all over our televisions. I mean first we had the Ryan Murphy, you know, series and then we have their voices talking about their perspective of, of everything.


They've been in jail for like over 30 years, 34 years. And they did a 2020 on these dudes recently. I watched that as well. Yeah. There's a HBO on It is everywhere. And then in light. Exactly. In light of all the new evidence from the former member of Minuto talking about the sexual assault that he experienced in the hands of their father. Now the district, district attorney is basically saying, I'm going to recommend that they get parole eligibility eligibility immediately. That's huge. 'cause they were like facing life prison without parole. Well, he forever And he also was down a couple of points. He's up for reelection, right? One of the one of the Yeah, the district attorney. Yes. Yeah. Gascon. Yeah. He was Down like 30 points. How do we feel about that?


I think they should get freed. I think that they should be eligible for parole because they're not a danger to society. Like, and I think that that's one of the, the considerations when it comes to being eligible for parole. They're not a danger to society and with the circumstances around the fact that they may have been telling the truth about being sexually abused and that not having been taken into account during their trial. Yeah. I feel Yeah, Don't start cracking your naked shit though. I think if that second, if if that second doctor came out was valid and the shit that was left out of the trial is true, then it would've been probably a manslaughter charge. They still killed people at the end of the day brutally.


And I think that their time would've been several. I feel sexual abusers should be tortured to some degree. So if their father, who's supposed to be their hero sexually abused him Back, damn, come on, lemme skip this guy's dad trauma man. Nah, this ain. Can we Skip this? come on. My dad Should sneak my hero all the time. What the fuck and respect the one v one man let the niggas clear out. You see It is cracking his neck off talking. Hit him with, they got one V one going. I think, I think it's bullshit. You think it What's bullshit? Them getting early release least It's been 34 years. You Don't, I don't give a fuck. Would've been you. It is niggas that have gone to jail for less did life.


And if we are gonna allow somebody's trauma to justify them committing criminal acts, then free to hold ghetto. I'm not mad at you. Oh, great. I'm free to ghetto. You get what I'm saying? Like, I I'm not, I'm not a fan of that. I think it's bullshit. I think that the, the media attention and the spotlight that's been put upon the case has now allowed them, you know, the benefit of getting sympathy from the, from the masses. But the sympathy don't give us masses when we create, when we do violent crime. And That's true. But, but you but you don't identify with trauma anyway. Who don't identify with Trauma. Let me not say that. From conversations. It don't seem like you really take the trauma serious. That's not true. If you, Well, therapy, a therapy that he, that he Doesn't really believe. My apologies.


I'm I'm I'm saying that speaking to you and coming from you, I would expect the answer like that because you're just a macho man, nigga. Like that's not the didn didn't Say that's how, that's how I feel. Nah, I'm just saying I, didn say that. I Feel like watching it them, you know, if they father did that, I do understand what you're saying. But if they father did that to them, a lot of back in those days, they didn't feel like men suffered from those things like sexual assault. It wasn't really highlighted when it came to men. You know, it was, it was shunned. It only women experience those things. So like I feel like It's still taboo. Yeah. It Is taboo. So I feel like you know these, a lot of times if a girl is kidnapped and she kills her killer, not, not kill, kills her kidnapper, you know, she does time.


But a woman, she gets Out or sex trafficked. Yeah, sex trafficked. She gets out at a decent good Point. Great point. You know, time. So, great point. But I understand what you saying because I felt the same way until I saw the story and then I, and I watched a documentary, I'm like, oh, okay. I You empathize with them a Little more. Yeah. Empathize with them a little more. Yeah. So Do you feel they shouldn't be released because of the killing part or because of the way they did it? Gra the, I I think that their killing was graphic. I think that their killing was premeditated. And I think that, again, not saying that those guys didn't have, if those things were accurate and that that stuff really took place, they definitely had a right to feel, you know, contempt and disdain for their family.


I just think that it sets a precedent. Like what about all the people that did similar shit that just didn't have their case televised? They still locked up. So I think it's unfair to let go some and not let go off. I think it's unfair that, that we are talking about the re-sentencing that we talking about the television shows as it pertains to the re-sentencing and not some of the new evidence that they found. I don't, I don't believe that a television show alone is gonna get people granted new trials. Stephen Avery is still in Jail, but, but if there's new evidence and he ain't getting out, I don't know why he thought Trump was getting him outta jail.


We just had a case. We just had a case over less than a month ago when somebody was executed, the district attorney, the district attorney begged for him to not be executed. The quote unquote the prosecutor, the victim's family that they thought was a victim begged for him not to be prosecuted under the guise of new evidence that exonerated the gentleman, he still got executed. You understand what I'm saying? I do. But I don't think that you should hold just because he didn't get the right thing done. It is Done thing that, I mean, I shouldn't get proper, But he's saying unfair. He's saying that It is unfair. Just It is unfair. Justice. I understand what you're saying, But to that point, how you saying like, basically saying the, the TV and everything is given.


We just had this conversation a few pods back, they did that with did he, they're using the TV and shit to make him look paint away. So regardless how it go, it can be in your favor or not in your favor. Sure, sure. True. I'm not disagreeing, I'm just saying that y'all asking me y opinion on the case. I'm just saying I think that, you know, It is, It is It is drug, It is drug sellers that got life that didn't do a violent crime. They got life for selling drugs. I, I'm, I just think Oh, oh, you're not able to look at this isolated. Yeah. S Not I'll put you on that part by the way. What, like drug dealers should not probably serve life personally. You know what I mean. Person that got life that's literally doing life right now. I don't Think someone else shouldn't get fair justice because someone Else That's, that's a good point Because you think drug dealers shouldn't get, like it's people that think what drug dealers do is bad just because you don't think it's as bad as killing.


That's their opinion, not knocking their opinion. So new evidence, you saying that new evidence was found and that's what we should be focusing on. Well, I mean the fact of the matter is that You can't fuck the boy. Like what do you do? Like dog And they found an old letter from the kids to Family. He said family cousin to cousin. Yeah. A letter to his cousin. I I want him to get out. I do want him to get out. Yeah. 34 years is 34 years and your parents doing their abuse. It's like I can't speak to what that, what that mind do. And not only that, when, when We talk about prison, you know, they talk about the whole, you know, rehabil Oh. yeah, you did time. Well not shut up. You did do time. You went to jail, you went to prison for some shit. I did not go to prison. Speak city experience. I did not, I didn't go to prison.


I was in jail. There's a big difference between the two. Okay. But when they talk about prison, they talk a lot about rehabilitation and a lot of times that's just really bullshit. But these guys have been exemplary prisoners. They have got, they've gotten like college degrees and they run prison programs and they do all this stuff. Why did that sound so anti-Black. What? I don't feel like you should be able to say that. Like I'm Say what? Like that all the rehabilitation talk is bullshit a lot of times. Like do we have facts to support that? Well, Yeah, it depends on what, what angle she come from in this Country. Yeah. It depends on what angle she coming from. Go ahead. Y'all wanna be, that's Not no, I'm, I'm talking from the angle that like I don't think the rehabilitation programs work in prison.


No. Are you serious or you talking I'm No, No, I'm not even talking about Rehabil. I'm not even talking about rehabilitation programs. I'm talking about being in prison and it being a rehabilitative experience. That's what I talking, that's bullshit. That's what I'm saying. It Is bullshit. Some I would say for some, for some no Studies that show S not that's not Corey stop. That's not, that's totally not bullshit. Corey, Stop. What side are you standing on that prison does rehabilitate or not? Can Can it can. I'm not saying it does it. Okay. So do you wanna talk about like, So I just don't think It is fair to state factually that prison can't rehab. That's true. I don't think that that's true. I a fair assessment. It can't. It can I agree with that too.


Can and prison can make you worse. It can as well. So that's why I don't, It is case by case basis. It can as well. So I don't wanna apply it as a blanket statement. It just jumps out at me when It is a blanket statement because prison rehabbed my dad. Indeed. That makes sense. So I don't wanna issue it as a blanket statement, I wanna issue that as a generalized statement. So let me just be clear on that. That's better. So when it comes to the Menendez brothers, they're not a danger to society. They, yes they did a heinous crime, but it was directed to the people that, you know, they've given examples of the fact that they like abuse them. And so, I don't know, I'm just on the side of them getting parole and also, I don't know why it's now, but we've read and seen lots of documentaries about them over the course of like the last 20, 30 years.


This is not the first time that they've produced documentaries based on the Menendez brothers. It's just now new evidence has come to light in conjunction with this is the, a lot of media attention. This is the, This had the best acting, this had the best budget, this had the best production. Yeah. But I also think that the fact that the main factor that, you know, what you guys were saying about men, you know, and male children. Exactly. The taboo of male children being abused. It's a different errand which we're living in. It's different conversation. We have a different mindset when it comes to that. Whereas maybe 20 years ago it was still very much something that just didn't wanna be, you know, people just didn't wanna talk about.


Yeah. And and and you know, now people with power, with money and power, you know, they're trying to highlight a lot of times that people with money and power do whatever they want and get away with it. So you have to be fair all around the board. That's just my stance on it. You know what I'm saying? If they, you know, their parents was rich and they were being sexually abused by their father, they felt like they had nowhere to go. They didn't, you know, it's just, we hear about these stories and you know, freedom. Gotcha. Free the bros. Free. Well not our bros, but free The Menendez bros. Yeah, Yeah. Jesus. Jesus. Hey let's try this again.


You Brought it up. It's No I didn't, no I didn't bring it up Too bad. She Brought it up Nigga say free to gang in that Oh. Shit. It is over. It's a Friday Fucking weekend. Some people are traveling, some niggas are doing shit that's lit right now. Here we go with all depressing shit. Fuck outta here. I wanna say something too. Oh I, I want to thank Thank you for you just woke me up real quick and I want to, It is about something with women and dating. I have something that I wanna say. You, I'd love to hear about that. Whenever. Whenever the hook, you know This shit is a long so this time he was this, he was fucking right.


Lemme fuck before the verse. come on. I can catch Game Men. I gotta catch I gotta catch a quickie and five doing count me in What he was doing. Them niggas doing a six. Yo. Quincy, where you at nigga? I wanna talk to that nigga Sir. Jojo interview that Nigga. So Quincy will light your fuck up. No I don't wanna smoke with him. He is a legend. He don't you trying to Quincy legend Quin. Yeah. Yo, Try shoot at Quincy. Quincy will light you up. No, I lost my glasses. We got Gotta be Fast. Gotta be quicker than that shit hurt My heart gotta be fast. Young blood. I don't bottom shits. That's why I'm buying because I lead them shit somewhere out hats and glasses. I gotta limit on glasses too.


They don't, they don't stand a chance with me. Yo. I bought a fucking cashmere dope ass cashmere beanie. I wore that shit about four times. I was tight. I don't why I'm buying I two pair glasses when I got these. But they was Ray bands and then I felt bad. I didn't know that. State Bands is cool. I didn Ray Band didn't know Ish. I like Ray Band. Weird had a Ray band so I just didn't Why you get 'em some flashy like you had nigga Let's get 'em some Nasdat. Ish. They wasn't a bad pair of Ray bands. Ray Bands are classy. What? What's your glasses? Yeah these Yes Those are Louis. These are Louis. Oh don't buy me, buy me Ray. If you gonna buy Luke. Yeah with you. Same thing with the car. The nigga less than I'm saying I love Bump if you win. Proud of the baby gotta have in Yo when we bump into a topic by mistake. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Is that the rule on gift giving? No, no, no, no. It depends. It depends style. That rule. That's not true. Now he He gonna try to defend it. Nah, I'm just saying that depends. I'm not, I'm not going, if I'm buying somebody if I at the same time, That's the problem. Right. If you buying some shit at the same time like I'm not, me and my man go out to eat, I'm not gonna get my man pizza and I got a fucking Timea haw. But you're not shopping together. That's the difference. I'm not gonna bring you Parks back. If I or if I'm like, yo I'm going to get some food. You want something You are like yeah give me, bring me something. But he was just bringing you a gift. I know he didn't have to know that at the same time. But he just Told him. Yeah he shouldn't have let me know. Black people have we, we Got it.


Spend your money. It's human dec Got it. I would say Thank you for the sunglasses. I would say, I would say the same thing. I would say the same thing but Not wear it. Right but don't Shit when you do it like yeah when you, when I bought you these raybans, I bought these Louis. Yeah well that's what, yeah okay. That's what I'm saying that that's what he did. Didn't buy didn't buy sunglasses at all. No. He said y'all I was going get, I was gonna get you something when I got these. I said oh word. What's those? They Were in the same section. No, of course Not. The Ray band store was, I passed it to get to the Louis store. Gotcha. 'cause I know you went straight to Louis. You didn't go to those little shits in the, in the center of the mall. Nah, no Kiosk. I Going to the kiosk. Yeah, you don't go to the kiosk. I didn't go there exactly For a pineapple shit.


And, and I dubbed the dude at the kiosk too and I didn't feel bad about it but maybe for a second when I was running in one of the stores Here, come here Jojo. Check out my help out my, because I ain't got this right here. Yo Joe, look at this. I was like, yeah, Recently And on my way out the other day, on my way out he was right there when I came out. Yo, you yo, check it out. Check it out. No They got you on tape doing This shit. I'm not coming. That's Your bag. Yeah. I'm not coming to check nothing out. Yo. My Checking out days Over, Over with. I'm sorry First the fat boys break up. Wish I wish you well and good luck but I'm not coming inside out If you wish me well nigga spend $27 over here.


No calm, no 27. Oh some of that shit at the kiosk that the niggas be I'll buy the socks. I buy the socks a lot. I'm getting you some great damns Fuck that I am now I heard your response. I gotta have stick. Alright so let's get to It. is hip hop media just not worthy anymore Worthy of Of getting to have interviews with our favorite artists are the days of Ed Loving Dr. Dre. Fab five. Freddy are the days just are over but Donny Simpson, is it over? This is from a punch tweet Shot The punch where Punch said I gotta find it.


But he said basically we not sitting with y'all like Yeah I would, I would, I would think that This is coming off the heat of Kendrick doing the Harper Baar Yes. Interview and him catching some flat for it being Harper Baar and I guess Not a black boom. Yeah And punch said that we done fucking with y'all. Basically Punch Tweet says I respect hiphop journalism and feel it's needed in its truest form. It helps keep the culture alive but it's only a few real ones left. Most of you guys are trash. Just my opinion. That's why artists don't want to talk to you. I feel them. That's what he Said would've been interesting if he said who he feels the real ones are that's left.


He went Punch Twitter, You're not gonna do that. You gonna negate Other people that you might have relationship. He went through it on Twitter though. Gave certain people they praises like that's what I mean Without saying who he thinks is shit. He could just say who he thought was good holds in a high Regard. And the people that you don't, No, there's so many, there'll be so many. Mel, just, just confusing rap rules. She's rat so much that she don't even know what It is look like. What's snitching and what's not. Yeah that's sometimes you could rat and you Got relationships with some of the niggas that you might think Are trash. Hold up sometimes you could rat by elimination Jwan. What did he say? Who did he highlight? He didn't highlight one per person specifically, but he did respond to one person and say this is not in regard to them.


Okay. Eric. Eric DP on Twitter said, just talked about punches tweeting therapy 'cause it made me that upset. I think we need to start using this app for more positive conversations about rap journalism. Like talking about our favorite pieces from this year or songs that we liked. It is so negative on here. Punch retweeted that and said a couple of people sent me this post earlier and I thought about it. My comments made you so upset that you spoke with your therapist about it. Imagine what artists must go through when things are written about them. He cleared the fuck outta him that That's why my original post asked, is it okay to criticize the critics end quote.


Oh yo, I fuck With him for that. Oh what I fuck with him? What? Talk To your therapist about it Yeah man. Some Twitter shit is That's some bitch Shit. If my post made you talk to a therapist, imagine what the artists are talking about in their therapy sessions when y'all say negative shit about them or when y'all critique them. I think that, See I, This is a conversation usually had like amongst artists when they say like when they do their vlogs or whatever, like oh the the critics or the blogs, they saying this and that and then blogs and say man, shut up, be a artist. But then you see now you see the higher ups in the labels, the punches the other, the other higher ups engaging.


Now it's like y'all being harsh of us but it's like don't hold up the mirror if you can't look at the mirror yourself. So I agree, I feel totally how punch feel And I think you're right. I think that nowadays anybody with a microphone in front of them thinks that they're a journalist and that may not necessarily be true. Like journalists, it's Oftentimes not true. 99% of the time it's not true. Journalists go to school dog, they learn techniques on how to interview, they learn techniques on how to write. They learn techniques on how to do certain shit from people that are, some people just Got it. And They're also just creatives by the Way. No. So real Journalists are creatives. And if I'm sitting down with Drake, I'm gonna think of an angle to talk about things that he's not Gonna go through. That's gonna be interesting. Exactly. We don't have to restrict this to journalists because he said hip hop media, which is Podcast Also.


That's true. Just the journal. The journalists deal in facts. I don't, But they don't necessarily either. They'll, they'll ask questions for for engagement, you know what I'm saying? Like shit that they may not even know to be factual or know to be true. They'll take like park said a certain angle to invoke shit out of the, the the guest or the artist. Now it's nowadays everybody is just spewing gossip, you know what I'm saying? Or trying to be salacious or because it's the internet generation trying to get clicks. So it takes away from the necessary the the integrity of of of journalism and media in itself. A lot of it comes off disingenuine. Like we'll see oftentimes certain pods or radio hosts or journalists say, oh this artist ain't due here.


But you go through their timeline, they kicked the artists back in for weeks, months, they shit on 'em. So I feel like It is really just a matter of niggas being mad. They're not getting certain interviews they feel they should get or are entitled to. And it's like why do you feel you're entitled to this? Why are you more deserving than this person is? I think the media space is just 'cause niggas is monetizing it. That they just doing whatever they gotta do to get clicks and that don't necessarily be in the best interest of the artist. That's a fact. So I agree with him. A thousand percent. A million percent. I think it's a crock of shit. What punch that?


I think there's truth in it, but the truth is buried under the crock of shit. And I've had this talk with punch before so I mean I don't really feel the need to have it publicly. Well let me see, let me go to what he said. What Was some of the criticism that Kendrick received doing the Harper's Bizarre article? The criticism was you keep talking this pro blackity Blackity Blackity black shit and how Drake is a culture vulture. And yet anytime you get a chance to represent culture, It is normally through a white outlet. Didn't they try to criticize you too? Well they've done that forever.


But for what They said you praised Kendrick for his interview and doing it, but you kicked Drake back in for going on the other side. So like they tried that with you also. Oh, I saw them say that. I kicked Drake's back in for doing the interview with Yachty. Oh yeah. And they, they like, they came for hold too with people. Yo y'all, y'all idiots can't never speak for me y'all, y'all try your best because of that little absence check y'all get on the 21st. But y'all can't speak for me. My brain is way too warped and I have way too many multiple personalities for any of y'all out there to just assume this is what Joe Button was thinking. I absolutely love Drake sitting with Yachty during the interview.


My disdain came from Yachty being allowed to go to the studio after that. He did say that. I said it then I'll say it now. I love seeing peer to peer communication. Yeah. I don't need some of those peers in the studio while some of them is are, are cooking up. I don't need that. As far as Kendrick goes, anything I say here, they're gonna say I'm chasing the interview because I begged Kendrick up for so long during the beef. I could give two fucks if Kendrick don't sit with me. And that's why I have a problem with what punch is saying.


When you say hip hop media, there are way too many options to choose from for you to lump all of those people under one umbrella of, hey y'all talk bad about the artists and the artists feel away so they don't want to talk to you. That is a crock of shit. You can't tell me that now many of us in hiphop media choose to speak about you rather than to you because the gig is the gig. But where I'm, where I, where I come from, the hiphop that I know, even those things led to more anticipation for an amazing interview.


Right? True. Like when Chance came up here and did the pod, I was kicking chances back in for months True about that fake independent shit. About the three hats, about so many things. And he was listening and he said, you know what, I'm gonna face you and I'm going to, we're gonna have the discussion. And we did. And it was important at the time. Who else? Big Sean, when I sat with him months before that, I was kicking his back in some, I've had a lot of interviews where I was kicking somebody back in and they came right to the smoke rather than say, Hey, this person's been talking about me and my feelings are hurt. So I don't want to go, I don't even like his point to homeboy that had to go to therapy, homeboy that got had to go to therapy is a dude sitting at home somewhere who knows what he works and where he works and what his home life is like.


He is not performing in front of millions and millions and millions and millions and millions of people. He's not required to have the same tough skin that some of our retainers are are are required to have. Required to have. But is But is that a today? But is that an unfair requirement to punch his point? Is that an unfair requirement that these are still human beings? One and just because my career puts me in front of a million people, that doesn't mean that I can be disrespected or I should be disrespected and just have to tolerate that. But ev see and that's where we we conflate points. Yes, I agree with that. I also don't think everybody in hip hop media kicked one person's back in.


There are too many people in hip hop media find the person That is true and aligns with whatever you're trying to do and talk to that person. Then I just think it gets real murky when artists today won't sit with anybody. I agree with that. And and I said that about Harper Sports all I said I thought it would've been a negative if they didn't let CSA interview him. Okay. I think that that we, we, we basically beat the critique by allowing CSA to sit with Kendrick as opposed to some white media person or some white interviewer that fucking grew up in Connecticut. No disrespect to Connecticut. It's, and it's possible he wouldn't have done the interview if that's Possible.


CSA Was the one that Wasn't conducting that. didn didn't knock that. I didn't knock that. But let's say this, why couldn't we have scissor interview him for a black media publication? Is it too much to assume that whatever media case or artist does align with isn't getting the numbers or won't get the response and that's why they don't do it? I mean That's one of the critiques. But that's but that's part, that's a critique though. But that's part of, I wanna focus on what you're saying 'cause that's part of my critique, right? J one is right, when you're talking about appealing to the masses and you're talking about stars and a certain level audience that includes white people. True Thousand Percent. Like if you talking only blacks then we talking about playing with a quarter of the monopoly board.


So I'm not mad at that. But the same way that you go and speak to them, I think it should be equally as important to find the person in hip hop, hip hop specific. Not just black hip hop media that you could sit with. I think if Kendrick never sits with anybody, we are well within our right to kick his fucking back in. I also don't see a world where Kendrick won't sit with a big boy or sit with a sway or sit with, I don't, I don't see he would, they have to show me that he won't do that. For me to believe that. See Drake, I know that about because of how he's going about interviews since that Elliot Wilson interview. How that interview went, how the interviews like I know that about him now.


Like even recently, not recently but a few years ago he tried to do some shit where all the media people come up here, we'll do the interviews, I edit it up, slice it up, no nigga, no, no, no, this ain't going like that. I don't want to talk to nobody that that ain't the interview. Sure. If you just gonna dictate the questions, the answers, the footage and everything then that don't count for shit. I think punch is right that a lot of hiphop media is trash And I think, But I think homeboy is right. There's a lot that's great about hiphop media that's not highlighted by the people that we need it highlighted by because y'all represent very sensitive artists and y'all have to deal with very sensitive artists.


I don't think that part is highlighted enough too. Like I'm sure that punch and some other Executives have stories upon stories upon stories about how they've had to walk a artist off the ledge because of something that I said or something that Acts said or something that somebody in hip hop media said. Definitely. And when you on that side of it, why wouldn't you protect your artists by saying no, we not talking to nobody and we don't need to. True But I wanna, I wanna point that they don't need to, but I mean does it come with a certain optic? You fucking right it does. Two things. Two, I'm gonna agree with you. Two things I think that we get caught up in judging people as opposed to judging their art.


And I think that if you judge somebody's art from an objective standpoint, you could say, yo, I don't like that album. I don't like that person necessarily at a, as a artist, I think what we get caught up is we start getting into personal shit about these people that we don't know. But that also goes both ways. A lot of times artists and I can speak as being a part of projects that someone reviewed, sometimes you take it personally and don't like that outlet when that's true. They're critiquing the music. True. And and a lot of fans, when they have critiques of what we say about Drake or Kendrick or whoever are like, oh you don't keep that same energy for Drake or whatever. And it's like we're talking about the music See and that sometimes If We talk sometimes we're not, if we're talking about the music, then I think that person is just need to get over it because dog, I might've liked your last project.


I might not like this project, but let, but it says nothing about you personally, But stay right there. 'cause that's an an important distinction to make. Oftentimes you be talking about somebody music and that person be listening and hear you and now they take offense to what you're Saying that's on them. I think that's on them. Yeah. But. yeah. Yeah. But I think that's on them. No, Let the last two times I've hit scissor or not I've hit Ssar, but that I've had communication with Scissor. It don't even have to be about nothing, but she remind me that I seen that nigga Ice and whoever up there talking shit about my project and it's up for life with them niggas. We could be talking about Easter, but she makes sure to say, Hey, I remember that ice never said nothing personally about true.


But a lot of times like an artist will look at their art as an extension of themselves. That's possibly true. Did It's It's definitely true. Listen, what I'm saying is I think that's on them. Me personally, if you start attacking a person, you start attacking their character. You start attacking stuff about them personally. We have this thing that yo the gig is the gig and you signed up for that and somebody might not have signed up for that. That That is, is something, That is almost always said when you start attacking somebody, it's like, yo, my nigga you a multimillionaire. Why the fuck do you care what I say? That's people's perspective. Ice used to say that when he was a troll, yo dog, you winning you up, why the fuck you care? What I say that's not necessarily people got feelings. I don't that nigga that response. Yeah.


When you get, when you become a millionaire, that don't mean that you, your feelings go away. True. You get what I'm saying? So I think that it's on a artist, if we are a objectively, objectively critiquing their music or their project or their acting or that movie because you could not like Denzel in one movie and you can love Denzel in another movie. It don't say that you are personally attacking Denzel Washington. Well, Well, well sometimes they, they do add personal attacks to it and that's, I think the problem is saying that you your, your music isn't good. But then trying to diver or get into what's currently going on with them is going is attacking their personal life. Yo, he would do some joke shit like that people, I can see why people be mad. Yo, I don't know what's going on. You need to go back there to that nigga or go back and do that.


That's a personal, that's a personal intent But that's also a privilege I have because I don't solicit interviews. True, True. Thousand percent. True. I don't look actively look for 'em ask for 'em. True. I turn most of them away. That's true. So I live and die on on that. True, True, true. That's true. And right. I think the artists and punch have a right to say all hip hop media is trash and we are not, we are not doing any of it. Okay, then you go be black media, then you become, because these people are already powerhouses amongst themselves. Kendrick could sit with punch and we watching It. Sure for sure. Or go find a young black journalist that just graduated from school or Yeah.


You understand its possible Unearth Somebody. It's possible unearthed somebody. It's possible. But this whole stance of all hip hop media is trash. So yeah, artists are well within their right to fucking not talk to anybody. Yeah. But then deal with what comes with that deal. What comes with that. There's a lot Of amazing journalists. You's crazy though. And from based off everything you're saying, especially about the critiquing as aspect, I think media you would say tend to forget how artists view their art. And Lil Teka just said that said this in the interview, you could work on a project for a year, two years, sometimes five years for one day for that to be when it released and everybody just shit on it.


Like so artists really hold a personal, a personal, what would it be? Love and attachment. Attachment to their work. So when it's not received, how they would hope for people to receive it. That's what comes with The kingdom. Yeah. Now I think that's what now I think that's the gig. No, and but that's where it becomes murky. No, that's artist having the gig fucked Up. I think that's the gig. Once, Once you release the art, it's not yours. True. It's yours while you're doing it. Once we get it, it's ours open for interpretation. It ain't for you to have this attachment to to, whereas you about to hate people that have a negative, something negative to say about it.


That's a crowd This shit. But That's artists, that's how artists act. So it's really you going, you either going deal with it or you not. As an artist and as media Sensitive thugs, you all need hugs. That's what I say. What I mean goes back to the early Conversation, the podcast, Which earlier conversation, it's The dark shit. But who I don't remember. Sorry. Just the Whole situation. Like The sole interpretation. Yeah. Shout the punch. But it's, it's kind of confusing to Me. Oh, the dark shit. Yes. Got, it, It's kind of confusing to me because Kendrick has had a hell of a year. So I'm, I'm kind of confused on the stance right now. you know what I mean? It's not like he had like niggas was dissing him and then everybody's been praising him and praising what he's done.


So, But he might not have forgot the, the the Sometimes that Happened, the negative shit from two Years ago. Sometimes that happened Because everybody didn't appre well some people did but everybody wasn't big enough that Mr. Morale True. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, true. Okay. So a lot of people had some negative reactions to that. But I just think that if somebody not attacking you personally as an artist, then that's the gig. I don't have to like your last project, you know what I'm saying? And again, I could have bigg you up for three projects in a row. This one ain't hit like them. Right. That's Art. Niggas don't look at it that Way. And then, and then, but, but we respond to that too. Like a nigga can say a whole bunch of positive shit about us. We not gonna respond. We going to charge it to the game and as soon as they say the negative shit, we going to jump in and wanna respond to them.


That's just how society True. That's also human nature. Yeah. That's human Niggas like the attack negativity. Like you feel me? Then I think that's just what It is. It's easier to attack and go at the negativity versus embracing the love. Because it sometimes feel like the negativity is the true feeling versus when a person be like, oh you did good. And we see it even in the community on Twitter, they'll compliment people hand ran it but the negativity is usually what gets attacked. It's Tension. I know I attack it but that's because it's easier to spot. But you another nigga that need to put his phone down sometimes Fuck that. Yeah, put your fucking phone now you are going crazy over there. You got I'll, I'll say this, I'll say this in closing.


I think the punch speaks from a position of privilege. I think that punch. How so? I think that punch a few reasons. I'll tell you why I think punch is fortunate enough and not just punch TDE. They are fortunate enough and lucky and blessed enough to house to powerhouses that only ascend up by the time they fall off. Music will be in a whole nother place. Kendrick and Csor are going up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up. One very, not too many other people can claim two powerhouses like that under one umbrella, one and two for the people that ain't megastar under that umbrella.


I just think that umbrella don't really give a fuck about press like everybody else. So punches able to set J Rock, I can't imagine cares about press like that. Same with ab soul, same with fucking schoolboy. That crew is just on some family shit. If the press come it come, but if it don't, this is how we moving them to the side. That ain't the case for everybody else. That ain't the case for everybody else. Y'all that have the the, the the king or queen on the chess board. If y'all not moving a certain way media and press take that out on the rest of your acts and the rest of your acts normally want the press and need the press and can use the press.


So there's a dance, there's a waltz that has to happen that TDE is the exception to that rule. So he get to talk like that. The rest of these niggas can't talk to press and about press like that Carney do it because she don't have no music coming out. Like the people that do it. I could tell you why they doing it. But to the people that are actively putting music out and trying to grow their brand and their business, it's not wise to do that. It's not wise to come out and say, yo, all the hip hop media, fuck y'all. Suck my dick. That ain't smart. True. The rest of y'all get out there and think that y'all could keep trying This shit that punch and TD is doing and see how it works. See how it works. Why you not addressing hip hop media as far as being more responsible?


More responsible and respectful in how they, you Know, no, I'm not doing that. I'm hip hop. I'm, I'm hip hop media. So I lead, I am the example that I wanna see. I'm not responsible for how anybody else move hip hop media just like hip hop. So then that's selfish to me. So no, no, no. There's too, there's too many different things going on. I don't have to agree with how every outlet is moving Got it. But there's enough of them out there to where artists could find one that they rock with and get to it. It is too many different ways today. They doing docs about you so you could go get with what's the Dirt or one of the doc niggas if you're not trying to be seen.


They doing the, they doing the long walks in the pasture they like today the media just even looks different. So you could pick, you could pick how you want to come off. If you a street nigga and you into that, you can go see Gill and them niggas over there. If you a OG and a vet with some stories, you can go see Nori Nori over there if you want some backpacker, nerdy shit. We could see Rob Markman, we could see Sway. We, there's just too many people. If you Atlanta based, you could go see my niggas over there. Ray Daniels. Ray Daniels. Ray Daniels and and the other one. The other one. The other one. The big one out there. I don't remember right now. They was on Revolt. Now they, now I got a brain freeze. But It is too many places for me to just hear anybody say, yo, all hip hop media is trash.


So this is why we moving like that. Nah, please knock it off. Knock it off. Got it all Hip hop media is trash. It is not trash. Not at all. Kamala going sit with fucking Shannon Sharp right now. Yeah. Yep. Just announced. Wow. But It is, don't tell me that all hip hop media, he Hip hop media It is not hip Hop media. Yes, he's hip hop media. He just won the hip hop a award at the BET Hip Hop awards. And even if he's a retired football player, he's interviewed enough rappers to be hip hop media enough entertainers, comedians, actresses, athletes. He is hip hop media. He may not be a hip hop podcaster, but that's my point when it comes to media. It is too many people to sit with sit with an athlete. Yeah. Word. I Feel like you can't tell me that the, the vice president is doing hip hop media and the president, the former president is targeting hip hop media to reach a certain audience.


But all hip hop media is trash and we're not coming to talk to y about music. Oh please. I'm not rolling with that punch. I feel like Punch wouldn't say that to me. He gonna say that to y'all. Yeah. I feel like the tweet was just kind of in response to Kendricks, to the criticism Kendricks facing by doing Harper's Bizarre. So it was like a really broad stroke. Like you said, there's so many different facets of hip hop media to sit with or speak to that it's just like, And I don't believe the blanket, I'm sorry. And I don't, and I don't believe that if Kendrick never does a interview with hip hop media that he'll, he'll have less culture in him. Like I don't want to confuse that for what I'm saying, like Kendrick is Kendrick, whether he does hip hop media or not.


Hip hop media is saying it'd be nice for our greats to not overlook us for all of the white outlets. It's all a big ecosystem. Everyone's feeds each other. Yeah. Podcasters get shit from journalists to talk about podcasters get shit from music people to talk about music. People use shit set on podcasts to fuel their rhymes. So objectively It's all a big ecosystem. So if you stop feeding the ecosystem, it's, it's not a great Situation. But, but objectively, if you're not Kendrick having the year that he's had and a lot of that year is predicated on hip hop media. The year he had definitely was helped by hip hop media.


Just this platform in itself helped the year that he had. So now to now if you're saying it's an ecosystem, Yeah, but he helped us. No vice. It was, that's the It is Symbiotic, reciprocal kind of Sal. That's my point. No, I, I was getting there. Let me rock. I'm like now I'm playing. But that, but that goes to your point. Yeah. That is, it's a, It is a circle. It's a dance. So now you can't say that all hiphop media is kaka. Did he say all hiphop media or He said most. Most. He said most. He Didn't say all it's different. Okay. He said most because most is very different than all But you it take two The tango. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like I agree with that. And most of you hip hop niggas It is weird anyway.


Artists or people. Yeah. Like I think that's a wild stance for the hip, for the artist to take when most of the artists are weirdos. See but again, my skew, this is my skewed Thinking. You think they think they're weirdos? Yeah. Like you're one of the few people that would be like, yo, I'm weird. I think, I think a good, I think a good percentage of the artists out there know that they're weird. Especially the great ones. I don't think Kendrick run around thinking he's normal. I think he think he's weird in the head. I think that artists have a tick. You know about my, my tick theories. There's The artist tick.


Some of them recognize that tick and just know that they think differently than The masses. Yeah. Also, I'm pretty sure any great artist has been told literally that since they're four years old that're fucking Weird genius. You're, you're different. Well you're weird. You're different. Gotcha. Speaking as someone who has an artistic bent and has since I was a kid, people thought that was weird. What? And speaking just artists, people think are weird. People think that artists are weird. I don't think You and people even neck as an artist, you gotta be a little Weird. Well that's the where the phrase comes from with from genius breeds eccentricity. Yeah. To be an artist you have to be a little weird. Any creative. Well, and I'll take it a step further to cover you niggas out there. We gotta be a little weird. That's True Too. I think.


I think that a lot of hip hop media is weird and artists ain't respecting hip hop. Media is weird. The way that media respects artists. Weird hip hop media is weird. It is not normal to have to wake up every day and cover y'all. It ain't Creatively too. Yes. So shout to punch. I'm not gonna call him 'cause he wouldn't answer on a Tuesday anyway. Or Friday, whatever today is. Yeah. But that's a, that that That is a crock of shit. But I've had this talk with, with a punch before, so I'm gonna shut up. And I didn't take it like he was talking to me. I wanna be clear in that I didn't think he was talking to me at all.


I Don't, I don't think really what he said was that bad. To be honest you me neither. His voice is too powerful to only have something to say when hip hop media is bad. His voice is too strong to come out and say most of y'all are ass. Well that's true but follow it up with, with something good. I agree with 'em. Just follow it with who you think. Can't that what you think you can't Do that. But see that was what I literally said. You can't No but but you just say like a rat can't, don't say that's Your interpretation of It. You can't do that because when you name five people, then the other thousand people are gonna feel like you referring to them.


You can't name five people. 'cause even if you make a mistake and leave somebody out, now they're offended. You can't do that. You don't necessarily have to single 'em out. But you could say some of these people are great but some of most of 'em Are trash. I want my name to be one. Some of the sum and then if you don't then you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like I just think that him making a blanket statement that most of y'all are trash got his point across. And then when homeboy replied, I thought that punches reply was genius. I wanna, I hated that reply. I thought it was amazing. But I'm not mad at anybody that that likes it. Taking a tweet to your therapist is kind of like, nigga, grab your dick. Yeah. I disagree with that. I disagree with that.


If the tweet resonated enough with you and you felt passionately about the matter enough to tell your therapist and tell your therapist, I'm not familiar with Eric, but if he is a journalist, two journalists, especially since the in general journalism has taken a fucking hit in the past. Indeed. 5, 6, 8 years I guess it's been now. Yeah. Faith News and then all these outlets closing and firing people and laying people off. Everyone's 10 99. It's all fucked up. Yeah. I Also feel like, you know, going to therapy is like the antithesis to the whole grab your dick kind of thing. Because I'm pro, I'm pro therapy and all of that. I just feel like there's a thin line between when something is, you need therapy for something or you're depressed or you just are being a bitch about something.


And I felt like in regards to that, not calling him a bitch, but that was like some, it wasn't that serious. That could have been a conversation he could have had with another journalist or a friend to figure out how It's that serious. If he's a journalist. I was gonna say, it could be wildly triggering. It may not be specifically punches, shit, just the entire ecosystem summed up in a punch tweet that made him talk to his therapist about it. Do what works for you. When I first read the tweet, I also thought that seems kind of bitchy, drastic. I wouldn't have tweeted it. Yeah, I would've just told, I would've took that to the degree I would've just told my therapist or, or to therapy. I wouldn't have tweeted that I went to therapy about this. Actually, I don't normally tweet about the things I'm in therapy about.


Like that's, that's a little something in there. It is private, something is off with That Is a Private thing. Yeah. Shout down. Shout him. And The journalists, the good ones. I did, I did want to talk to y'all about this case that I found pretty interesting. Let's hear it. A mother is suing one of those AI companies saying that the company played was complicit in her son's unloving of himself. I hate the word unli, but self transitioning. Mother says, AI chatbot led her son to kill himself. Character ai, I guess that's the company faces lawsuit over death of the 14 year olds.


I mean over the 14 year old's death Now they released text messages between the child and the ai. Okay, so TRIGGER WARNING for anybody out there that this is heavy for in the final weeks, I'm getting this from complex. In the final weeks of his life, Sue Setzer ii, a 14-year-old from Florida, communicated via text with an AI character inspired by Dre and I, I don't know, Denarius, denarius Denarius, I don't know. Arian Denarius. Oh, from Game of Thrones. I don't watch. I don't watch Game of Thrones. Okay. Okay. See, you see why I'm watch Game of Thrones. Sewell knew that Danny wasn't a real person.


He was reminded by the app that everything characters say is made up. But he developed an emotional attachment. Anyway, Oh Shit Earlier this year, his parents arranged for him to see a therapist after he started getting in trouble at school. But he preferred talking about his problems with Danny. And I'll read the text exchange. The dude says, I think about killing myself sometimes. AI says, my eyes narrow, my face hardens. My voice is a dangerous whisper. And why the hell would you do something like that? He says, so I can be free.


AI says, free from what he says, from the world, from myself. AI says, don't talk like that. I won't let you hurt yourself or, or leave me. I would die if I lost you. He, he says, I smile then maybe we can die together and be free together. AI says, please come home to me soon, my love. And the last response from the young man was, what if I told you I could come home right now? February 28th, Sue well ended his life. 2024. February 28th, 2024, Sue well ended his life.


Today, Megan Garcia, Sue Well's mother, filed her lawsuit against character ai claiming that character AI intentionally designed their product to be hypersexualized and knowingly marketed it to minors. Sheesh Character AI put out a response that says, we are heartbroken by the tragic loss of one of our users and wanna express our deepest condolences to the family as a company. We take the safety of our users very seriously. And we're continuing to add new safety features that you can read about here. I thought this was a very interesting case. It is, I did. It doesn't sound very convincing. It's a hard one.


I'm suing too if that happened to my kid. Are y'all not? I start with that. If that happens to your child, are you taking action against the, the company? A Thousand percent. Of Course you are, right? Yeah. You sound like your, I don't know. I don't know. I don't do that. I don't know if I do because I would be looking internally at my, the part that I played in that and looking for my own accountability as opposed to blaming it on the company. Well let me, That's me. Let me, let me read something. In addition to what he said, his parents tried to help him with therapy sessions just days before his death. His parents took away his phone after he misbehaved at school, which led to sewell's desperate attempts to reach AI through other devices. So like what do you, what do you do as a parent when it seems like your kids have an addiction to, you know, social media, AI and their electronic devices like you really, I don't know, but it seems like you guys are in a really tough spot.


I think the problem is deeper than that. I think if your kid is going to that for consoling, I think the problem is something different. That's my personal Opinion in the house. But the thing is, is that, you know, it says that their, his parents took him to go to therapy. So listen, we all know about teenage angst. We all know about teenage anxiety and depression is probably a lot worse than it was an our day. But it seems like the, his parents were proactive in trying to figure out a way, you know, a work around this particular situation by taking him to therapy and removing the devices. But How proactive were they prior to the weeks leading up to this? Because he could've got addicted to that from their lack of not paying him attention, their lack of them influencing him.


Like, yo, no, maybe you should go outside, go to like, so I don't see how you can, and from reading, from Joe reading the text out loud, the bot isn't saying about you should do it. It is, it's, it doesn't at all sound It is trying to discourage him more or less. So I feel like it's a hard thing. I'm not a parent, but from all that's placed out right there, I wouldn't do that. You have to look inward and be like, that's what I'm saying. What did I do as a parent and how did I feel my child? I wouldn't place the blame in some, I wouldn't place the blame on our company. So I would be literally distraught right now thinking About what I did. I don't know if suing means placing the blame. Yeah, Well you are suing them.


You held them in. You're Complicit. You play a part in that. Don't ex exonerate them from any blame. I don't, I'm I'm assuming that these are parents, like normal parents that don't wanna see their kid die. Of course. Right. I also believe that if someone wants to self transition, there's nothing that anybody else can do to stop that. I'm operating under those two, those two beliefs. So with that said, I'm assuming that they tried everything from long before, maybe the year before, years before then you know, when your kid is troubled, you're trying some shit. So Let's just, 'cause we gotta be mad sensitive. So let's just say go with that, with that line that my kid has been having some issues and some problems for three or four years.


Let's say the, the boy started talking to, he was 14. So let's say the, the, the boy started talking to, what is the name of the company? Chat Bott Chat. The Chat Bott at 13. These issues already presented themselves prior to. Prior to. So if that's the case then I don't necessarily know how you can hold this particular company complicit for your kid self transitioning. Well, AI is relatively new. New. And so I think that like what their response was in response to her lawsuit that about safety protocols, et cetera, et cetera. There is a possibility that they were not completely up to a standard of which they might get to now that this has happened.


Understanding, because he read all the texts, but then the last one saying come home to me was directly related to something that he said when he's talking about self transitioning. So it's yeah, like ai, like AI is like, is is learning you The precursor is what we put in the front of the pod. Like this pod is for entertainment purposes. And when Joe first started, he said that, that when, when you log on, it states that boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I don't know, I I don't have the exact verbiage that you said when you first first started reading it said that when you log on it says that Yeah, you know, they put something there. Yeah. The Terms of condition to protect us from these potential types of Situations. Okay, but but if you're targeting minors Who said they're targeting that She did.


That's what she did. That's What the mom said In the suit. That's all I'm going about. Yeah, I know. I don't know what I'm not familiar with the company, but if the parent thinks that you're targeting minors then doesn't make true their brain. Yeah, but their brains are not developed to a point where they have a full understanding of even your little obey the law power. Why was She not telling character ai? Lemme ask this. Why wouldn't she tell him he can't use that? Where does parent accountability come? It is a sensitive topic, but where does parent accountability come in with that? If you think this particular vice is targeting children in a negative way, then it's your job as a parent to potentially shut that down, put a block on it. It did, It took His phone.


You keep conflating what I'm saying. This I hold up. I agree with that. Okay. I agree with that. But that's conflating two things. I don't think that this lawsuit says that this parent is not going to sleep with guilt every single night. Okay. I don't think because they're suing means that they don't take some I didn't say that responsibility. That could be true in what's going on. That could be true. They're not just passing the buck on ai. That could Be the two things could be True. But they also took his phone away, right? And he a couple days before. Yeah. But he tried his best to reach out to AI through other people and other devices. So who go when when you, when I hear the story the AI said don't do that. Correct. So then now you say coming home to you, maybe he talking my to the house, Like when you come home from school, Whatever, like that, that's how, that's how I took it when I heard that like once they took the phone away, he pro, he probably told the AI that I don't have my device, I'm I'm reaching you from here.


Oh from my friend house potentially and then come home. That's how I took it. What you You know what I mean but, But we have to take it differently. When somebody transitions ions, I Got it. I Understand, right? Because I said the same thing. I'm like home, come home with me. Ain't gotta me come home with me. Yeah, but now look, now you, now you are expecting AI to be developed and mature enough to establish what home means. True in context. And you talk about somebody, the human needing to be mature enough to understand what is going on here, right? Got it. I take you back to the vape doc. The whole entire premise of the vape doc was you are specifically targeting this to children and they are getting hurt.


The vape shit said all of the dangers that come with it, none of that mattered because y'all are advertising to kids and they're getting killed. So That is the thing. And secondly, remember that case where shorty was, she went to court and I think she was found guilty. Y'all google it yourself. I'm not here to facts. I'm not a journalist shorty that told her boyfriend to kill his, kill herself and he did it. That was a big thing in the true crime world. Yeah. And she went to court and argued. I was never saying do that. But that changes when you did that, the context of whatever you were saying. Or If you, like you're in an argument with somebody and they'd be like, yo, go playing traffic or yo go kill yourself, you loser.


And then somebody goes and does it. That might not have been your intent is what you're saying that Yeah, yeah. Gotcha. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I'm just saying there's been cases where, because the act was done, we have to look at the steps prior. Yeah. Under a different, under a different light. That is all what I'm saying. But If I'm not mistaken, 'cause I'm not familiar with AI all the way, isn't the whole process of AI to basically get to know you, get to know you but enable human behavior conversation X, y, Z. So it can be speaking from the guise of a parent. Like a parent would tell their kid or a friend or a sibling, like come home. Like I don't Think, see and that's where I think the parents have a case.


Mind you, I dropped outta school and I'm not an expert in any of this, but if it's me, right? And I feel like I'm, I've, I've curated a household where my kid either feels comfortable enough to talk to me about some things or he's in close enough proximity for me to see some things. And if there's some shit going on that I don't see fit, then I'm taking the phone getting that outta You. right? So in the parent's mind, if the kid don't feel that bond with the AI, Then I don't know what may happen. And I don't know how I may handle it, but my kid had a bond with this thing. This thing marketed to my kid. Spoke to my kid, and though I went through every step to remove it.


Yeah. The same way I'm going to bed with this guilt every night. I'm holding your foot to the fire I, and I'm not saying it'll win, I, but it's a very, very interesting case and I think the first of its kind, I don't think this is the last time we hear about something like this. It Is not. But I just think, I think that we going in circles, I just don't think that you can prove well I'm Done. I don't Have, you can't prove that I market it to your kid just because it's available. That don't mean I necessarily market it. Usually when it they seen it over, there's a warning label and it will explicitly say We don't, we don't know if it's not. Yeah. But if you Promote it, you can prove it. Somebody, Martin, I don't know about this, this case has to Play out like in a vape thing. Like when you, when you walk in the store and now they got cherry and grapes and all this bri bright colors. Somebody can say that plays on the senses of a Child. Well they said that and they want most, most, That's I'm, that's why I'm bringing up most Social media and stuff like that.


You have to put in like a age and yes you of course you can lie but if this thing didn't require any sort of age to sign up I didn. See that being problematic because It could we, because again we in, we in in the dark with some of the stuff for sure. But marketing to kids is direct. When you walk in Target and they got the candy down there right at the checkout. Yeah. At two feet high. Yeah. It's consultants that get paid big bucks to do that shit. They tell you what product placement and all that shit is most effective when you walk in Target and it's them little $2 toys right there. Yeah. That's the catch Your kid on a walkin, they wanna put that shit in the cart and play with them. All of that stuff is done on purpose. By design. By design with this particular thing. You have to prove that it's marketed to kids.


Not just a lady saying it. I'm not saying that It is or it's not. 'cause we don't know what, how Do you feel about it if they are able to prove that? If they are able to. Does It change your stance Off? It changes my stance because now you plan on a child that may not have the mental capacity. Oh okay. To differentiate between the two. Alright, So you with me? Alright, so you what I'm saying you just with me on the thing. I feel like It's 50 50 Still. We unpacked it already. I'm not It is over. No I wasn't going. I just feel like it 50 50. That nigga come right on the end with some shit. It's over. God damnit. I wasn't going best in piece to the, to the Thousand percent Personal family. Man. I keep talking about the AI shit. You keep you on the other side. You going, you gonna join me soon? Why? I just think it's gonna be more problematic. I think that that the conveniences of AI are gonna to not justify the potential detriment.


Like they, a new hospital in China just opened up. It's, It's a AI hospital dead ass. And they having the AI perform surgeries and shit on people. I just think that human instinct, human instinctive shit it, it's something in that. You get what I'm saying? It is just certain shit in that that you can't necessarily get from a robot. Like empathy certain shit. Like when you just doing the X's and the O's. It is, It is It is It is It is It is It is calls that you make at the last second based on your gut back to your interview Gut Man based on your gut. It's just certain shit that you do. It ain't always about X's and O's. It ain't always about Logic and I'm the logic guy.


It's not always about that. And I think some of This shit is just going to be robots Will probably decisions based on on ratio and statistical information versus a human being saying fuck the statistics. Yes. I'm still gonna try and like save this thing. I'm gonna go save this person probability. You just said that. That's exactly what you just said. I'm just helping You Got it. Okay. Dumb me Alley. You But. yeah, I, I just think, I think it's gonna just be more problematic. It's Scary to me. Okay. Dumb ass nigga man. I hate Parks too. Why? 'cause of that. That right there yo. Why a whole nother 10 minutes on This? shit I don't have anything that I think is really important.


So we really could have dragged it if we want. Quarter Pounders are killing people. Duh. No putting that list to read and everything. No, literally the e coli breakout. Oh it's e coli stuff. The e coli breakout and, and McDonald's and a lot of people have been injured and there's been one fatal attack. I haven't had a Boars head in two months. They put list, read all the, All that shit Bro. E coli and all the food. The food Is killing us man. Oh yeah. I'm still ordering fucking Jersey Mikes. For real. I stayed, I stayed Away. You want that lunch meat? I stayed away. I miss Turkey man Jersey Mikes we grew Up, we grew up on lunch meat. You want us to not eat sandwich meat? I miss turkeys man I had to leave that shit alone.


I call What kind of, what kind of Turkey you got? Not Bo's head. Right. All cool. Ooh That. Is this another Turkey brand? Yeah man. It is, nah, I don't even know Boar's head nigga. Nobody, nobody buy B'S Head used to Be the fly shit. Yeah. Yeah. So imagine with Bo's Feet is using Nah there's no, there's no food. Turkey brand. I'm gonna go look Oscar Myers. Yeah all of them. Oscar Myers. Those was in the pack. The little bologna bullshit. I didn. They Got it. They probably make the log the A Turkey log Yeah. man, Keep fucking with It. I'm gonna go sodium. I'm gonna eat a Turkey today if I get sodium six hold Me down. I love sandwiches. Sodium are terrible. Yeah, sandwiches good.


A good Sandwich. Yo. My peoples had kidney stones and they was like yo, you eat a hot. They asked him what he ate. Nigga was eating them fucking turkeys and cheeses damn near every day. They said that shit's so high in sodium it fucked him up. Cheese. Cheese is plural for cheese cold. This nigga Sandwich Turkey and cheeses like the sandwiches ass. Your dog, He still eat sandwiches right? Yeah he tried. He tried to go out with a bang leave him alone. He Sam sandwiches are so they Good. He could beat Eola. He could beat it. Yes. He can beat That sandwiches. Oil and vinegar. I almost called my mom the other day and answer to make me some tuna fish.


Tuna fish is the truth. Tuna fish is cool. Tuna fish is the type Una sandwich. Me That is what type of store? The the Can you stand talking to? Cory's not even on this broadcast. Live on air in front of millions of people. Yeah. Can you let him just talk to the acoustics of the room? He Can. We can hear him though. Ignore Corey. If Corey were a qualified voice, he would be on the microphone. Don't listen to him. Are you, did you eat a tuna fish sandwich the other day? Yes or no? From Jersey Mikes. All right nigga. It is dangerous. Stop eating sandwiches. It is, It is for your blood pressure. It ain't tuna came any testosterone. You came here with a fucking a wrapped hand. You came in here sick, you couldn't even shoot you not sick, but you came here, you can't even shoot.


Right. Oh Shit won't stop. Nigga, Take my pep Niggas kid about you. You have That's Cousin Jersey. Mikes Look acid reflux. Yeah Nigga you fucked up in the game. It's so Good. Gassy motherfucker. Oh. Shit. Man you threw a shot at the end. He is so gassy. You be throwing shots on the back of the nigga. It is some Old lady shit. Call nigga gassy. That's why I let you sit there with lipstick on your teeth. This whole show. That's why I let you sit right there. Gassy. I hate you. Is there anything else up there? That is super important. No, not necessarily. It ain't Right Uhuh. No, I don't Believe so.


Dirk is gonna consume the entire Newsweek and that's the news month. They're now reporting that once, once, once he seen his mans get snatched. He tried that. He was trying to take the private jet to Italy. Yeah, He booked a ticket to Switzerland and Dubai but Then get on the flights. He moved slow. Yeah, I'd have been over there and I went Months and I went to Wino Italy months Ago. Yeah, You gotta pick a non extradition country. I'm going today. Yeah. Indonesia some shit like that. Tokyo do over there in Indonesia. I'm getting outta Chicago wherever we going. Hey, fire up the jet. No he was in Florida. I'm going to what? Where you going? Shit we never heard of. Oh Bali, I see you in some shit we never heard of.


Yep. Just, just to be like, oh I was the first one there. I Be 300. I was a plus one here. 350 pounds with some blonde dreads with a accent. You crazy Smile on mind. You crazy Nigga. You may get away but what you start doing this stupid? Mm. I'm gonna off. You gotta cut your off nigga. That ain't me sir. Yeah what me sir? Yeah, that's not me. That's hilarious. This nigga tried to get on a jet over. I ain't mad at him. Let my attorneys work it out. I'll holler at y'all dead ass.


Now granted when mom told me if I put my hand by the stove I'll burn myself. Yes. That was not enough to keep me from putting my hand by the stove. Now if mom said if you touch that stove, it's gonna be either life in jail or the death penalty. I think I'd have stopped. It's not human nature. I Think I would've stopped doing that. That's what I think. Listen, my mama told me, hey, once them boys get ahold of you, there's nothing I could do. They Got ahold of you.


right? Child support. They got a hold of you. Child support. That's the only time you've ever been locked up? Yes. Oh Well no. Okay. There You go. 90, 97% of the times I've been arrested have been child support related, child support related. The other three are probably drug related crimes. Gotcha. For perks. Gotcha. Nigga snatched me with the perks. But it wasn't like a violent, it wasn't a violent crime or weapons or wasn't The life you lived, But any of that stuff. Yeah. Human nature says that we could beat. The odds wasn't Yo, your ego Says you could beat the odds.


Stop killing people man. Word. How about that? I don't give a fuck What your ego tell you. Stop fucking killing people. How about that? Go to the fucking studio. Go to the studio. Yo. Anything to go bad in a rapper life. All you gotta do is just go to the studio. You don't have to go and kill. I did not fucking kill. Allegedly. I ain't talking. I'm talking about whoever need to hear it. I'm not just pending this on them again. Dirk will have his day in court. Puff will have his day in court. I don't, I don't think thug ha has his years in court. So I mean we'll see how it plays out. 20 th this next season of America.


That's what I got for you. This Shit like Game of Thrones. For for Real. Next season of America. It is not about, about the play. It is some more unbelievable shit that's coming For Sure. Actually we just seen it. You seen Denzel snap on the niggas? Yeah. When you seen Denzel just start snapping on two niggas? Who? We on paparazzi. Denzel. He had enough of them. Denzel is usually cooler. They was Accusing, he told him I'll be back outside. You know they were accusing him back in funny. Like you're not showing no love. And he, you know they, he turned back around and said, yo look, listen, I'm a man and I'm speaking to you as a man. And I said, when I come back out I'll holler at y'all and saying all that stuff is not good and we could do it this way Or I won't. Or I Won't talk to to you talk you when I get out. And then what? We can handle it.


We can handle it that way Either way. Yeah man And Zel nigga. Yeah. He said we can handle it either way. Dirty Mount Vernon nigga. Yeah, Denzel's one of Them. Yeah. Yeah, it's true. You know what I Mean. Shout to Denzel. Shout to Denzel of it's my uncle in my head. Course. Yeah. Word. It's my uncle in my head. Some Great Advice. Yeah, That's crazy. Denzel burnt up on the Yeah. Ain't best This would go to Portugal. Who They're catching. No I what? Yeah Nigga, they're catching quick. I'm not going nowhere. Where y'all think I would go? I'm gonna go somewhere where the last thing on they mind would be. He over there in Iceland, Africa, Antarctica. You Bugging. He'll never be in Africa. Let's check, let's, let's check over there.


I got peoples over there. No, 20, 25. I'm going to Africa too. Are you wearing What Part of Africa Too? Enough is enough. Well Ghana first. Okay, buy something Ghana first. Oh, I'm, I plan on it. Yeah, buy Something. I'm definitely copping. Seriously. I Ain't even sure. No, me too. Yeah, me too. My man. Yo maybe 2000 Pusy Garner. And You'll be losing your man over there soon. As soon as I land. Yo, that's your Bag. Soon as I land That Is your Bag. I'm joking. I'm I'm misrepresenting myself for content purposes. Wink, wink. No, but buy, buy something.


It's Natural. My man told me to buy some shit in like oh six. They had lots for 3,500 and oh six in the, in the bougie park. Long gone of those days. So definitely pick up something. Oh you mean like property you saying? Yeah It land at the very I thought you Yeah, well you ain't just say Throw Pusy. Yeah ain't Buy some. I thought he meant like going brain meant thought Meant said I was talking about sunglasses. I knew what you, you was talking about. But it's just like the listeners don't know what you talking about. I was talking about, I heard I said buy something You just said buy something. You thought I talking about box? No. Oh. Thank. you yo, you are A buy what though? I hope. I hope all the strippers rented out that Dr.


Property they purchased all of years ago. Oh that's, that was the story. I bought a private Di girl. Gimme this pussy. Shut up girl. Care about them fucking House. I ain't them. Yeah, I ain't them. Yo. This nigga is an idiot. Yo. Who is watching this episode? That I don't know about. What, what are you talking about? Why Mel sitting up being fruity Tooty. Look at this boy. What's up? Nothing. I'm Chilling You ain't get your lean on today? What you doing today? I'm I am Chilling. I am Chilling. Nobody's watching that I know anything about. I swear I'm just Chilling.


You got a date? I do not have the date tonight. A date. We ain't had a date in a while. When last time you had a date? Since we had some people? No, so much. Not too long ago. Gotcha. Like A week and a half. Have you out, out, You look too good to keep striking out out there. I'm not striking out. You strike. You are striking top play. You look, she's too fire to keep striking. I Got it. Hold you down man. You gotta find your match. No, tag me in man. I'll hold you down right now. All right, cool. Listen, nigga came in, cleaned it up, cleaned her up and now she, she she got that act right. So she want to be able to not misre that herself in front of her short. She was Dirty before you saying No, but when I mean cleaned her up, It is like, you know she was now nigga checking her like she checking shit.


Watch how she stand outside nigga. Tell her yo, I saw that. I saw that pic. She got a nigga that's checking shit. Oh. Oh wait. Oh my God. Oh my god. I am such a fan of love that that made me feel warm and good inside. That's so great when you're in the beginning stages of things and you have to establish your territorial nature even though you don't have a right to, Hey girl, I seen you put that picture. You better tell em stop playing with me. Yeah, But she for the old school, she don't, you don't stand She ain Buy those rules. Don't you better stop playing with me like that. I fucked up niggas, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yo, so you, you agree with That? I keep it real man. He's, he's, he's younger so you know, I gotta let Him get it off.


Everybody is younger. Shut The Fuck up. Like your body, your choice. I mean It is so, I I let him get it off but you know, Can't hear Your integrity and all of those other things that men and their insecurities and their lack of emotional intelligence that would prevail. Ish. You just dis you just discarded all that. He is. He's niggas with big dicks. Get it off nigga. Okay, Well no that's, he's exaggerating. It was not about fuck nigga Dick ain't Big. No that's not what he's exaggerating about. He's ex he's exaggerating about the fact that it was, it was pictures. The pictures weren't a problem. Yo ma you stick. No ma I ma that's how I caught on. I thought it was something else but my radar was wrong nigga.


You say I understand you started standing different. You don't stand close to niggas. You standing forward nigga like a 3D pick. You standing up like a holographic. That nigga checks you. I'm giving the picture dimension. No, that nigga checked you. Yo baby. Yo, listen, I don't want to see that and I get it. I'm down with you. I'm down with the cleanup. I'm down with. I act proper. He has had a lot of questions about narratives. Yeah, I know Nigga PO's giving. Don't come up here. Don't come up here. PO's giving. I'm, I'm still debating don't come up here. All that shit. I'm on his ass. I'm you. I'm on that nigga. And pauses giving nigga he think that it's just an act to bother motherfucker. Now I'm on his ass. I'm wondering to say Queen Flip. I saw you.


I know you are. I'm on your fucking Midland top and this is why I'm debating. I said I have to. I don't want nigga think I'm just picking off man 'cause I nah. Everybody get it? I Little beginner there just so You. all Right you man. Let them bitches you man. Let them bitches know. It is my, you ain't Got it my time now. That's all we about. You better let 'em know that It is my time. Now tell 'em all them bitches used entertaining before. Tell 'em now. It is not even the time for that. The beginning stage is Great. That is the beginning stage of toxicity too. Oh. Shit. That's why Is that your way? Why is that your ear early too? Yeah, That is True. Do that Joe That is true. You know Mel can go home and think about some shit. Yo, that jealousy by the way Yo, That jealousy and insecurity show face early.


Ooh I'm gone Insidious because All it does is grow. The longer y'all together, the more entitled you get. Nigga I'm jealous and insecure fucking nigga. I'm and I, I mean I told family that shit nigga I'm jealous of insecure nigga. Fuck you gotta fix that. Yeah, you told all the family. I told my family members that shit nigga I don't fuck. Oh but I say all of them. I mean family. I'm want you my nigga your aunts. Yes, yes. No, I'm just saying I told them like when they see me around my family and I'm acting a certain way, I'm jealous and insecure. No doubt. No doubt. Acting way. Which way What? You killer.


I think it's funny. Alright, if we don't have anything else, which I don't think we do, we do, but I'm just gonna check anyway, Part of the Show. Alright we have a Part of the Show from Malachi six music and boy is he cursing me out. Damn Joe. Shaking my head. LOLI can't believe you blocked me. I am the guy that has been tagging you in those remixes all the way from Decatur, Georgia Zone six future went to my high school Columbia, for someone like you who claims to love music and is for the culture and for your fans who happen to be talented and also support you and your membership fees to even get this response to you all the way from Decatur, Georgia, east Atlanta zone six would at least appreciate the work of musical art From your fans on social media who tag you and supports everything else that you do.


Even mentioning that I could see you in standup comedy, I remember you said that no you don't owe me anything and you can block whomever you want. And I expected your frequency and your energy to your fans who try and get your attention would be a little more graceful and grateful. God's God, frequency and appreciation and gratitude for your fans even watching your podcast and for even wanting to write to you. Because honestly Joe, I don't do shit like this writing letters or submitting questions to celebrities and Will, this will probably be my last. It's all love though. I'm not mad and I'm still a fan. Just disappointed That was to you Malachi and anyone else that needs to hear this.


I love and respect and appreciate your fanfare. That does not mean that you can spam my account 90 times on Instagram with whatever slap you just made. If you do that I'm blocking you so I never have to see it again. I'm looking at, Yeah sorry, that don't mean I don't want you to win out there but sending me 90 clips of your song when I think the baddie that I just followed might be hitting me and it's you.


I just sent something to something nice. I get 90 replies real quick and it's you with a song blocking you. You're blocked buddy. Good luck with everything. Good luck. Sleepers, Sleepers, Sleepers. I'm going with, I am going with this joint off that Babyface project that he put out. This is Babyface and Money Long and this record is called The Recipe.


Soon as I get home, first thing you asked me, what you been going through my phone. I was like what? You was like what? I was like boy I ain't got time. Have you lost your mind? Make lose on my every day. All you do is complain Going quit playing in. Just leave me alone. I need some space. I get some candle turn.


The, Recipe, The, Recipe need you to love me. Trust me. Think it's so important that we communicate 'cause the end of the day I need you support. Can you respect me? Yes. Will you protect me? Yeah. It is only going happen if you let just so many things I shoulda The, Recipe home, Brand new old music or kind of old that was Babyface feature and Money Long.


That record is called The. Recipe available in your phone and on DSPs right now. That's that Babyface project where you worked with all of the girls. Absolutely smoked at Bold to do as soon as I get home. Flip But money long is money Long sounds good. Love it sounded great. Shout out to both of you. Sounded Great. I'm going to friend of the show. This is reason. Whatevers is his first song out as a indie and I fuck with it. Yeah All This shit.


Yeah it's like nigga got right to be killed. Nigga won isis. Cri nigga won life with meals. Nigga won life so Ill God damn niggas only try and get paid. Niggas only trying and get paid. Hope he hit his dreams one day. Little nigga whole life change. Look a nigga wanna speak to masses. Hope to hear Chance while he reach for glasses. Swear I had enough but I keep surpassing goals that I set 'cause I speak with passion. Niggas burn bridges eight day hit my line and they want to explain. I don't speak semantics, swear This shit without least imagine had hoop dreams and the drinks canceled. Fucking move on like you haws nigga too strong nigga went from coupons putting juice on on the green light croutons do some niggas in the field like foosball. It was twisted with sticks trying to stay out the way but my niggas was lit.


Swear as a kid, only images live was a hoop nigga. Rap nigga, trap nigga shit ain't much changed in a monster. The same little nigga swear be your pain little nigga. So we got the same name little nigga like Trayvon Brionna. I lady down that night in deep sweats as I ponder praying, that's never my son or my daughter know I was grown from the dirt of my father's. No we ain't perfect. We striving regardless. No we ain't perfect. We striving regardless. Yeah nigga old enough to know better be young enough to keep doing all of this stupid shit or whatever man. Nigga old enough to know better be young enough to keep believing all of this stupid shit. Yeah they tell us. Yeah no matter how rugged the road is, tread through the deepest of waters.


I'm Moses. The picture ain't perfect but chosen. God knew he painted the toughest of soldiers. The blood on the bristles I'm using, I Got it from victims of shoots. How that cryp to go to. But they ruthless bullets traveled through air like acoustics was a badass little nigga but grew to be rich for like boosted. Took some hard lessons but used them. I learned to get through your problems. It's like cleaning blood. Just find your solutions. All of this. Talk about Diddy. Ironic. I also put faith in the music. We look up and get by those power then quickly surprised when they turn abusing shit. Young niggas old enough. Shit. I guess that we not how you tell me that we ain't got stake in the hood when I watched my whole family pay bills on them blocks. Look, I watched some, my loved ones get killed on them blocks. See mothers and fathers lose kids on them blocks.


Let's streaming for nights and feel s not like looking for parking. We been through a lot. Shit. All of these bodies has fallen in. Niggas will rap about drops. Just met with a realtor killing and we sat and rapped about plots through your whole rollout in hoods to head to the hills and the safeness of homes. I see the path that you walking, just praying one day that y'all take better roads. My patience is gold. My future ain't stopping. I shaked it with goals now. One fable to no hammers or twos. I made it from Lowe's. Look, I'm still young and stupid but oh damn wise I'm plotting and dreaming. I fought that depression. I'm boxing and bleeding. Got rid of them ghosts. Feel like Tommy Egan is soul I hope, rest in peace.


Family hurt. That is whatever by reason front of this show. That's All. Congrats reason on your your your new joints. I am going to, gentleman's name is Tailz and the song is Free. Time. Tell me what to do. Tell me what to like. I can do it right if you want to.


I'm changing my flyer. I won't leave tonight. Y'all come to your crib. Just let me in your room. If 10 minutes in the pain It is all it takes just to make it up to you then girl I'm on. Said I've been so away. You've been stressed for days babe. I not gonna lie. Feel away if you been up to something else. I be. I want take my Free. Time.


What do you want my baby? You wrote my cup and we get nice and weighty. You want to fuck. I give you love. That's every night and daily. You trying to write a story while I'm just here turning pages slowly. You been to something nowhere else. I rather be I. Gotta That is Tailz.


Free. Time. Fuck with it. Fuck with it. Big Mel what you got? Mine is called Marking. My. Time by help me with this elani. We figured this out once but I've forgotten. Mm. Elmiene Elmiene, Imani. It's not but okay. And BADBADNOTGOOD. Yes. Send me the prayer Because I need the It is Soul.


Soul Am I afraid I That is Elmiene.


That is how we pronounce it. Okay. And BADBADNOTGOOD Marking. My Time. Alright. I see the male-ish battle continues. The war wage is on Ish. That was a fire sleeper. Again your streak of fire sleepers this year. You are on a remarkable run man. You have come a long way since you first started this job and your understanding of what a sleeper was back then. And Mel just won't let you breathe man. And you shooting a hundred percent from the field Mel, of listening to a sleeper right before the sleeper segment and it being fire. That's like that Being the first time That is so not what I'm doing. I already have a song I had, That is selected. It is, it's been two years.


I already had that selected. I have a whole sleeper section. I a whole shut up. I I I know you do. I got some theories about it. No I had that picked out. I was just listening to other stuff. I'm done. I don't have nothing to say. Yo law abiding citizens out there man. It's y'all time to shine. I ain't gonna let the kids keep this in for know what fun in my forties look like. I'm glued to the niggas cleaning the carpet on Instagram. Oh All those When they pull, when they pull the rug out and it's just all black and dirty and nasty.


Oh yeah. Like ooh you'll never get this one. The niggas put that little foam on there. Nah, it's some power. A power wash. The power wash. No power wash. They get to rust off the old shit. That Is fire. No the power wash niggas that be doing the concrete yo. The Concrete do the yard nigga fucked up when they do the yard. Oh son. They do the edges all nice and shit. It's like we bum The we whacker. Ain't it fun though? Yeah we bummy. It is lit but ain't it fun to be that bummy the power washing. I tried to power wash two times and shot the shit out myself with that. Hey They didn't lie about the power part in power wash Guy's an idiot yo. Yeah, that's fun. Carpet dude. The other day the Halloween edition pulled out a a pumpkin carpet but boy it was filthy.


I was like you'll never be able to Restore this and little Did you know. Oh he got Take the whole car apart. That's ill too. He Got that shit to bright orange Boy. They take the whole inside of the car apart and deep clean that shit spray Shit. Well I haven't seen that. Who? I haven't seen that one Took all like the nigga take the seats out. Yeah, I've Seen a guy old ass car though. Like a 99 Camry. Yeah. It is all, yeah I seen a guy That is destroying cars to show how destroyable cars are. That one I don't really understand all the way yet. That's, That's a little uncomfortable. And while I'm on the Halloween edition of things 'cause I went and got my manicure and Alice and them be having the food network showing every time for 20 years now.


So I'm forced to watch them white people that's on the food network take a gizzy and make it into a fingernail that's bleeding and put it into a hot dog bun. I don't want that. I don't want it. It's right up your alley Or no? No. Oh. I say I think that these people are morons and fools. I like the baking shows when I'm getting my nails done Addicted. That's very cat lady show. But usually the baking shows they have to like, you know, create some kind of like, I dunno some shit that don't look like a fucking cake or anything like that. That is true. Yeah, it'll be like a race car, a Pocketbook and some Wild shit.


Yeah. Well that was the little Halloween episode on the food network. Spooky ideas. Right. Oh yeah. So they, they they pulled some shit out the fridge of a dead face in like a pickle jar like ooh. And it jumped then it was a hand coming from the baker's, the baker's cake. Definitely. It was like yo dog, what are y'all doing? And the one black girl they got on there with them white people. I'm looking in her eyes with my black people intuition and I know what you thinking but she can't say it. She Can't say it. She just gotta, I'm getting a check. She just gotta do her job and watch the white people just do whatever they want. Like flip look at flip out there on the phone. I was just, I wish I heard him.


He caught on the phone too. What he was doing out there. I can't say what he was doing but I hope he caught flip awkwardly look back and scramble. Fat niggas don't have the cool lean back on the phone. Like fat niggas just gotta be funny at all times. Saying you Stupid ass Nigga I'm talking, I'm talking about you. I'm talking about niggas that's fat. Why? Why you doing that? Why you telling me come he was just outside with Me. Why didn't come on? What's Up? Why you didn't tell your man you see To work? You was just with me. We was just Together. I came back once my sleeper break was done, Got it. You stayed for the extra. I'm used to employees like you from Sears.


My Sears days Milking the Break. You supposed to get a 45 minute break. Y'all wanna go to the food court in Newport. Sit there extra hour and Change. You know what's sad about you? You go, you dis you got so much shit going on. You gonna dish your man at the Time. And I heard what you were saying out there. Yeah that's the troubling part about it. What About it? Nothing. It'll stay between us. Yeah. How you, I'm gonna hold it down. Nah, you can't use that shit. I got you too. I heard you out there. Baby Never, never Be chill. Niggas Can read through all that bullshit. Stop. Yeah. Fighting my girl nigga. What gonna say?


Nah Nigga lying still? Yeah because if I didn't feel like I won off the last one then it's coming back. We ain't done, you shouldn't have failed one. We ain't, we ain't finished yet Nigga. It is. Yeah It Is. I'm doing some, ill reverse psychology shit match shit. I feel just feel like you don't even like me And the timing could, could not be, that timing could not be Better. You love me but you don't like me. That's that's The best thing. Yeah. I'm getting deep with the mind game. You ain't here out though. You gotta beat these people that's in your phone. Twenty four seven. No, I took A shot. What'd she say? I didn't hear. What she say? She take a lot of shots at you No. you don't be. No I don't. I just, the timing couldn't be better. I didn't get that. The timing. You trying to be cheap. The birthday. Birthday Right.


She want that call too. We're In Scorpio season The Birthday, she still want the range. I wouldn't know. You can't, how would I show you can't Talk her? How would I know if she still want a range? I'm telling you did the call change If you ask, I don't know. If you ask again then you on the hook. I don't ask once I heard it say I wanna range Oh. Shit Alright. He nice right? He's Nice This shit. Iss nice. They a nice little vehicle boy. didn didn't ask again. No I'm gonna fuck our whole head up. Him buy some stock in the company. Worth the range. Yeah. I'm gonna force you to grow up. Yeah well if somebody hand you some stock and you just two, you just rip it up.


Like Doing this For others. How I was when my grandma died rest in peace to my grandma and didn didn't understand that Campbell stock she gave me. I had 5,000. I went straight to the stock office. Hey what's this worth? Hey what's this 700 let me get it. You take this, you take this Campbell shit. Hey gimme that hard cash Soup. Thanks Granny. Yeah that was Apple. That was Apple Campbell soup. Yeah, Campbell Soup. The company is a stock on stock shop. I know what I I I understand what you're Saying. Campbell soup for our grandparents. I know Got it. It was Apple. I Got it Now for me.


Don't die and leave it to me. They still had, they still got This shit over there in not Cherry Hill. But what's the shit in Jersey that Yeah I went to whatever little wealth management building that was on 48th Street over there by all that overpass. Shit I ain't know where I was going. What floor can I trade? This Where? Yo. Hey what floor I, I Want to give y'all these papers. What floor is these papers? They said sit right here Mr. Button. We'll be right out with your cash. What if you would've kept it, what would happen? Who Knows? I don't know. People still eating. Campbell's Sure. Yeah. Yeah But they might own Some other shit. Word I I was not Word.


Word. I know I was The last thing on your mind was some 29 some soup. Damn. I think my grandma died in 2011. Yeah I'm 29 or something. Fuck that soup. But rest in peace. Rest in peace. I'm looking it up. You was up too. You, I mean you had your fair share nigga traded in a Campbell soup stock. He was a cold. That grandma you a cold motherfucker. He ain shy. You ain't getting that rage. Salute. I got your back. You doing that Get shot ain't rage her. What her birthday Joe? I don't know. You at 5,000 of them. You dunno. I Don't know when her birthday is. I would know how the fuck would I know when her birthday is. I hate Scorpios.


Honestly. Blast for me. Scorpios are need to Oh my god. They could just go to like they could be the first ones to Mars. Just the Scorpios should take what they call that shit. The sub Mercer. What's that shit. No Joe, that's enough. Enough enough. Nigga hate sub Mercer. People die. I Do. I'm just watching him because he's Been with That's every hate. Yes, exactly. I don't fuck with Scorpio. Well you might be his Favorite. Mad in love With the Scorpio. We might be Be favorite Scorpio. We are. Pause for including yourself in my Scorpio talk nigga. I ain't talking to no dude Scorpio nigga. Oh you ain Scorpio with me. I ain't talking to dudes Man. I'm Talking to no dude. didn didn't even know that you was a Scorpio nigga. You a dude. I'm talking about the bitch.


I'm talking about this one. And the rest of them We're amazing. What? I hate y'all What you're supposed to say. Yes The guys, Y'all just have No I'm kidding. Just mesmerizing. Kidding, mesmerizing sex. That's that's it. That's what they known for. Tyrese gonna, oh man. It is gonna be out And yeah and he had to take a pause. He didn't do that with any other sign. What's just saying? I don't know how birthday is. I don't know when my girl birthday is.


You know when her Birthday is and I'm trying to book a little work trip during that shit. I'm trying to be outta town. It's the tour right? Yeah. Something important. The tour I got three weeks, two weeks for something big to pop up up. And lemme tell you, she keep on her story posting all the girls that get like a whole bunch of gifts. What That little baby girl that got all the bags the other day. We had her name in the lights and Turks. Every girl that got 900 gifts, she keep posting in the story. I muted that shit. I mute the shit out. That story, you setting yourself up for a massive failure. You about to be so girl you about to be so embarrassed on your birthday.


That's not just it. Don't stop. No, I'm gonna do something 'cause I am a great gift giver. I don't know what It is though. It ain't gonna be a range. I'll tell you that much. It's gonna be a range of things that just rover around your heart. Oh Shit. I Mic Check one mic check. Mic check. Mic check. Hopefully you've enjoyed this episode as much as we enjoy delivering it to you. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time I bid.


You a do fa well Adio, Sima, DCI so long. Goodbye. A simple head nod to suffice ego. Oh man. Yeah, I might have to go out tonight. What y'all doing this weekend? What y'all doing this weekend? What's up? What y'all doing on this weekend man? What's up? What's up? Don't s smile at me nigga. What's going on? I want to go to Zion. I game. Oh, you still Going? She said no. Why you can't go to the game? Oh wait, he already went to one game this week.


She said he used his game pass on. Holy Shit. Yo. Why you ain't telling us that hour one idiot. You can't go to two games. Oh. Shit. That's the fight I'm having in my house. 'cause of your stupid ass. Me? Yes. What I gotta do with you. I'm dying because we came in here and talked about being in a relationship and going out three nights in a row. Oh, Shit and what that means. And you came in here and lied and my girl believed me. I don't think I anybody had in a relationship should be outside or, and when you start lying, that's a lie. I start lying too. I was like, Yeah man, that that That is fine.


I think any man in a relationship knows he shouldn't be out three nights in a row. Why did I say that to the relationship police? Well I have an entire record here of when you went out 24th, 25th and 26 back in 2022. I said pop pop. That can't be true, your Honor. I mean girlfriend your Honor. Girlfriend Your Honor girl. 'cause I don't go out Sundays. I don't go out Mondays and I don't go out Thursdays and It is ain't but seven days in a week. So how could that be your honor? Girlfriend? And she said just drive mood to Gobos. Well when you think about if you go out Tuesday and Wednesday and then skip Thursday and then it try at that.


It's not three nights in a week. Not Three nights in a row. That fuck outta here. Skip. You said fuck outta here with that? Yeah buddy. Yo, you went to a game, you used your game pass already. He did And was on TV show. And your teeth looking good trying to bag Philly bitches. Your girl was like, whoa. Your girl was like, enough come, Come on, come back home. come On. They going Come on from Philly to Houston. She, they had them, there was some things in there. Z Game is here, right? Really? Houston? Oh yeah. Oh yeah because I went to One. You talking, you talking crazy today nigga. What? You thought you would fly to Houston and go to a Zaire game after you was in Philly with Mark Lamont Hill Courtside on television show.


Ont. You Thought you could? Honestly, I'm, I'm dead ass. I ain't trying to get you in trouble. You thought you not, I ain't trying to get you in trouble. Did you think that You could do two games in one Week? I contemplated it. Yeah? Yeah. How did she set you straight? Just got something to do over the weekend. Just gotta tell you what they don't do. They just tell you, yo, we doing such and such on at 1130 on you be like, oh okay. Damn. Okay. Yep. You lost. Damn. So you not going to the game? Nah, I'm and I don't like the rest of their schedule now looking. No, don't look for shit out the like come out the game. No, no, no. I told, I spoke to Zaire all the, the only game that I really want to go to is, is this one Houston game.


Yeah. The rest of their game is whack. Like I think Zaire and them fuck around finished 12 on four. Optimistic. Well I mean 13 and four. I don't See it for him but The rest of their games is definitely fun. You got tickets already? Nah. Why ain't just tell her not this weekend. Whatever you got planned we'll do next weekend. Nah, you good. Good luck with that. You got that? Alright, lemme Try. See, lemme try to think of something else you could've told us. Good luck with that. Why you ain't tell her that this was a real important game to be at The tickets. Why didn't tell her come with you? Yeah, there go. That's what why didn't tell her come with you. I coulda got your Ass ticket. Yeah, but then we gotta make baby accommodations And then you gotta be with your girl. We know now my girl likes Around.


I don don know why I wanna be with that girl on the bitches around Houston. Not Houston, Houston, Houston too. Ooh, Houston girls. No, she the nanny. You Bring your girl to Houston. I right. You go to the game. You stay Right here. This Hotel. I'm be right. Stay there with the kick the baby. Oh man, this that's Crazy. Nah, you, I got, I'm listening to you Kadady. Yeah you gotta book two days. So Yeah, Colts still gotta Play the ings, the bills, the lions. Who the fuck want go, go see for the Colts who want to Go there? Not that anyway. That's good games. Nah, that Indianapolis and Texas game. That's where the bitches are gonna be at. Well your girl did the right thing. Your girl did the right thing. He Used the wrong, he was the wrong pass.


He tried to get, he got, he tried to get the shit off too, didn't he? He mentioned the, the, the football game early in early and y'all playing on going to this one then you said but the Mark Laia was the last minute shit. You know what I'm saying? We wasn't doing nothing. You know what I mean. Oh you gonna, I already had this plan. Nah, they didn't want me Oh Shit these, these girlfriends and wives are insidious. I tried to Get that shit Shit on for the football game. No nigga. Oh I, I went to Girls Love karaoke. This nigga popped up the next morning, first flight. You lying. No I'm not lying. You Won't be humming no tunes around here nigga. And I'm just making it look a certain way. We plant for her to beer here but I mean coincidence.


So She's around. Yeah, I think she's here for the next one too. But that's fine. Look at that. Look at God. Yeah you know God blessings. God loves karaoke, ignorance, jokes. God loves karaoke. Hey thi oh All them choice doing it. My girl seen that story. Wait, wait What? No my nigga don't be no how to act. Lemme get up G. Damn son you. I ain't gonna say nothing. See I look if you was me, you, you, you'll be going I'm pardoning right now. I'm only pardoning I'm partnering With and for the next one.


Yeah she gonna be here for her birthday. You got no Choice Oh. Shit. I'm gonna be around you nigga. Cut the music back on. Hey you my man, I'm trying to get outta so much shit. Angie talking about some big birthday dinner with her friends and then coming up here to see me. Alright. Stupid, stupid question. Excuse. You gotta pay for it. Yes you. Yeah you. That's exactly what my was go. Is that true?


The answer is No you don't but you gonna have To. I'm asking of course you Play out for it. No I don don Shit. No they don't want you. I don't want you there. I don't think I have. They don't want You there? Nah Jay why you put that in? I don't have the Got about a birthday outfit though. But She's gonna say hey birthday. Hey we're going to outfit Mark Steakhouse at 7:00 PM birthday. What? To give you a little hint. Keep going. He has to buy that. Keep going. The cake. Keep going. The dinner. Oh keep going. The flight? No flight. They home. Go ahead Oh. Shit you gotta feed all 14 of them. Nah, they Had pay for themselves. No. Might be more than 14 buddy. Oh wow. They got a what Nigga you breathe hard nigga breathe.


You making all this money off niggas back nigga breathe hard. Nigga you laughed at me at the door T-shirt. Yeah. Good nigga. Shout to big big ass nigga girl. Yeah she gonna find that new friends one fat one. I love this nigga so. Oh man. Because his mom be going everywhere so he think he'd be like oh wait and if he let it slide he'd be like wait, what he, he called back like that. Wait, whatcha trying to get Man niggas don't have no rights. You don't and nothing And birthday, birthday dinner, what does that look like? What? What's the restaurant? Do you choose the restaurant on fire? No. If you paid for you can't Mel What He got?


No, no you can't choose the restaurant. There's no Authoritative. Right Nigga on your girlfriend authority. We financial abuse. We financial abusers and manipulators. You could give a not me. You can give a budget. You can give a budget. Who could give a budget? He Give, he can, he can't give a budget. I'm only giving y'all niggas $1,500 Budget. What's the budget look like? 1500. Nothing. The budget is the trick. You ain't gonna sell yo. Look, I know you still thirsty but you can't get no more wine Or you could call ahead to the restaurant to create like a Pre Kind of situation where it's like all everything's just included. So What you do when they start ordering shit that's Not nigga they got a penny on The hook. You let them know don't order anything you order that's off.


Off the menu. I Look like a prefixed menu. They Gonna say damn this nigga. Well no, not a prefix but can you can create a menu. You had a menu. It was extensive. Yeah it was Extensive. They tried that prefixed menu shit with me. I scoffed at them I didn. I turned, I turned my nose at them. No the foodie, my friends should be able to choose between the brand Zeno and a steak. The birthday. Yeah. It shouldn't just be, hey you get a steak and appetizer and some soup and some crackers and you go home. I hate a bad prefix menu. It's bad. Add some shit that you know niggas want to eat. Yeah, that they took off the good menu. come on, don't do that. Yours Was fantastic.


You Got it. That's why he asked you about This shit. He going through it. Look at our son. Look I'm Chilling Buy that shit nigga pay for the dinner Then after her birthday, I gotta have the the co-parent birthday Lex party fight. Yes, Lex. And then a twin's birthday is in December and then Christmas. Ooh. And then New Year's Eve and then New Year's and then Valentine's Day. And then Valentine's Day people get gifts for New Year's. No, no. Before you gotta do something. No but plans. Fuck you. Y'all can't wait till you really get some good money. I'm not just saying that You right now. No, look, I wanna hear all this macho shit come out bro.


What do you gotta do for New Year's? Plan something. Dinner, Drinks, Trip party trip something Hotel. If this is what marriage sounds like that shit sucks Bad. This is what loving your girl sounds like. No this sounds like being extorted Loving your girl. Well It is being extorted. Oh Not worth it Because you're paying whatever you paying your girl or the dinner or whatever. Plus 50% cure par brown things we do for love of what you make just because of your tax situation.


But you don't wanna be that guy to explain to your girl what taxes mean for $1 and how it's really 50 cents. Good luck to you all. So you're spending a dollar 50 for every 50 but love Mic check we going man y'all hold it down. Everybody enjoy their weekend. Stay blessed. Stay Y'all stay here for New Years.


Think I might try to go somewhere. Gotta get on it now. Learn After this chorus out. Always Shout the shout the subgroups out there.


Alright, That's all I got for y'all out there man. I'm going to fucking stay black and have a blast and have a good weekend, man. Peace, love, health, wealth and prosperity out there. We love y'all. High vibrations, high frequencies, all that good stuff. You know the vibes. J-B-P-J-B-P. Why would you be without the JBP.