
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. This is the Patreon exclusive nigga. Hey. No It's not. I just lied. Let just, I'm trying To get some, no, It is not, this is A, my nigga got the Michael Jackson shas. What's, what's that? What's that shit he did at the motherfucking the Super Bowl?


Yeah. Nigga, you look good, son. Yeah, I like them shades. Yes, we're on if that's what you're asking. Yeah. I Like them. I like you got the gold shit too. What's that? Thank you. It is gold plated. That Shit's just fly. That Nigga gold member. That's a nice eighties. I don't see how they look on camera. They Look good. They look good. They look good. Y'all. Thank you Blended well, nigga. Like some tinted dumber shits. Yeah. Yo, you doing? Who You talking? No. Yeah, come on. Yeah. Yeah. She had the text Levels, levels, The levels. You fucked. Y'all try to send a voice note around me. Don't do that here big Voice yo. Don't voice note around me. Yeah, She so old. She didn't yo hand me my tank top. Yo. She didn't know how to, I don me saying anything. Yo, yo.


She didn't know how to press select and delete the whole thing. So Mel pressing her thumb. Why is delete it this whole year? She deleted it. She got, she got nervous Mel. Sorry. You doing? I'm Chilling. How are you? You look, you look expensive. Mm, Thank you. Thank you. L Louis Vuitton from head to toe. No, these are Botte. Oh My bad. Still Looks Expensive. I think that would've been too tacky. Oh really? Yeah. Head to toe Louis. Nah, That a nice little soup. I don, what is that called? All All right. Come on. A trucker sweat suit. Go ahead. Go Ahead. I'm not stepping on NN get y'all shit off.


It's nice. I'm, I'm, I'm complimenting you. I don Dunno what it's called Dude. Dude compliments don't. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I woke up, I had some other shit on but then I was like eh it was Friday. You had him with the Louis. The Louis Cashmere. Dickie suit. You got it. You look nice too. It is nice. You got the as black. Thank you. Got the as black fit on I My shit a couple times. Shit. That's, but I didn. You act like you washed it but you made it like that. Yeah. Yeah. You gimme a pound. Yeah. You look good bro. I'm happy to see y'all for Happy. I'm happy to see y'all too. Yeah, man. Gang gang. For sure. Yeah.


How y'all feeling? Yeah, what's the vibe? Tell me the temperament before this starts. You know what Type? I would like to have a fun time today. Yeah. But you know what type of vibe We on today too. Damn Fun. We can't have fun As freeze. I'll come up with what I think after you and freeze talk. I don't think it's gonna be fun. No. Damn. Why? What happened? We can have some fun. What's sad man? Why Same? I'm Sad. Lawsuits got your sad. I'm Just sad. Yo. Listen, you gotta pay attention to freeze when freeze walking with some different type of sneakers. It is just some regular whatcha talking about. It's a sad day. He ready to, that's usually go grocery shopping shit. Regular shit on professional today. Listen some regular shit. The dia the diagram of what's going on. He ready to go in his back. Yeah It is today. Freeze day.


Pay attention to sneakers. I'm sad bro. We know I'm with Freeze Dog Joe said the same thing over there in the corner. I'm sad I'm hurting y'all. See I ain't, I ain't, I wasn't talking much. I'm just sitting. I came here down. I noticed That you got your iPad and shit. Yeah bro. Playing Roblox Worse. Hoping some of the shit I was reading was I was waiting for the joke to drop like Oh yeah, we playing Shot through the heart. I can't wait to hear you guys' Stance. I love this shit too much man. I mean I feel you. But let's make fun of it instead of being sad about it. What px you? I spent half my 20, 24 making fun of it. Yeah, that's true. That's the problem with being ahead of things sometimes. Yeah. I've been questioning all of this shit for mad long.


That's the other reason I'm sad a little bit like this is like the finale to my views ran. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. Like this is a, this is an entire closed chapter that played out. Damn. Like I just been reminiscing and when I first got introduced to this nigga's music during the MySpace days, I'm in the car like damn MySpace. I put the playlist on old shit. That was old school. Charlene look back in his bag Jack in his bag. Oh my God. It's sad man. I put a little playlist on too. Damn. Did you? Mm Yeah. To, to remember the good times. Yeah nigga, This nigga gave us some, some Joints.


Yeah. No, my new podcast arc has been, you are the Drake hater. That's true. But the people that know like, damn man, it's over for my man. That's that my, that guy. I mean we're jumping ahead. But does it, you can't listen to the old shit no more. Like It's not the same. It's not the Same. All that shit that's Been, It's it's been corrupted. That's the problem. Like he's stepping on his own dope. That's the problem. But He's stepping on his, he's cutting his own shit. Like he's, he's having too much of an impact on his own fall off from his style of jumping.


Like this is this, this, this God damnit this shit says harassment Parks. Yeah, I know as somebody who just went through something with harassment, it's like oh you got extra tyranny. It's like, no, no. Some Karens out there in the world my friend. Yeah. But Then that's hiphop fault. That's the label's fault. Everybody play a part. It's the fans' fault. This shit is sad. It is. I'm so sad. I was contemplating coming in here and not talking about it at all. Honestly. Like I was gonna let y'all just, and I'm not still might, I was gonna let y'all have it. I don't need the blogs clipping me up. Like have I personally feel about it.


I wanna be able to personally feel about it. But I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm hurt. Like it's me. I'm hurt. Like it's me in the suit. Nigga. That nigga was, you know God nigga Paris, Morton music. The fuck are you talking about nigga? I start, remember the first time I started hearing these songs, it's like yo dog man, let the legacy be the legacy. Like at what point does PR come in? At what point do you factor in how you look and the effect this has on your fans that ain't just these new streamer that since you've been pandering. All of them, all of them niggas. I ain't talking about that. I'm talking about back in the day when the bitches was quoting, nigga come on. My God so far gone for years.


You can put it on. Stop playing with me down the highway. Oh I'm in Ram mode. Whatever early. Well I'm, I Feel you, I'm, I'm, I'm shedding up later man. I can't believe It. How's everybody else doing Ish? I'm great. Yourself? I'm doing well. Little under the weather but I'm cool. Yeah you sound a little stuffy. Alright though. You clear up. You gave me who walks around with Sudafed in they bag, yo. People with assist. Yo. Like yo, you got it. I got some bed drill in here, pack I got shit. Got a whole pack. The 12 hour joints, the over the counter joints that don't do Nah, the shit you gotta get. You had 'em in his bag. The shit was shit. But Why you going to work sounded like that.


You like you sound your sick voice ain't right. He's saying your sick voice ain't sexy. Ain't like Yo Joe. I by the voice. I don't Think my normal voice is sexy or on or microphone. So this might be an improvement. How about on the phones? Nah that's a microphone. Nah, They do. So no girls ever said to you They front I don't believe them. If they said it they Lying. You can't get eyes and a voice. Alright. You Can't get, you can't get eyes and a you gotta fix something at the fucking dick dealership Idiot bro. Right. You gotta get some roof for 11 Now some niggas walking that dick dealership with that, that cash on.


Yeah They come out with shit. They start bugging me. Listen Man, I'll take what you got. Yeah, I Don't even know what I got. You got some off behind, off the counter. Shit. You got some off-leash? Shit, I got some off the menu shit. Stupid. No. Alright. Certified pre-owned. That ain't you. Ain't just happen. Come on nigga. Stupid. I went in there and picked rough arounds. What This Listen this don't do that. You know it's a basic Now your voice, you got a nice voice for, for, for especially for broadcasting. Well that's what I'm saying. From years of shame regrets than angel dust Cigarettes, Drugs like you could get the voice but do you want the light?


Do you want, do you wanna do what it takes to get the voice? Yeah. You gotta be careful what you asked for man. Stupid. That's True. Oh man. Mel, you look great. Thank you. Thank you. I Appreciate that. How you feeling? Flip? I feel well. Alright. I feel great. Thank you. Thank you. That's good to hear. Yeah. Feeling good lately. Trying to figure things out. Sure. You know navigating through the trenches. You know You got them do a construction of the sleepover room. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You wanna put some walls up in there and Shit? Nah, I'm not putting no walls. I just, you know, safety. Safety. Sleeping in the dorm. You'll see Fucking ain't the army. That shit is not the army Army's a step up that there. That shit as hell got them Niggas in a jail.


Dorms no worse. I'm in shock. Me too. God fuck I'm in shock too. Big Jet Blue. We in our bag today. She the jet blue pouch. You remember that? It smell so old. Where they put the headphones in? Mel you take the airplane pouches with you hard. No that's my case for my greeters. She stole. You got a Jet blue case for your readers? No, it's S Slave. Alright. Okay. You know what I'm talking about though Joe. That was a nice little ad. Good, good Shit.


I'm no until they gave you some bucket money. No, Fuck that. Fuck all their name out. Well shout somebody else out I'll she got that shit on Tools and you can bleep that shit out. Shout down Harrington. We out now man. That's it. I'm in shock. Mic check. Mic Check. One, 2 1 2. Everybody get they mic check on. Yeah. Y'all good? Check check. Yeah man man man Manga. Okay let's go. So if you rebuke me for working with someone else on a couple of these, what do you really thinking a nigga that's making your beats.


I've done things for him. I thought that he never would be father had to stretch his hands out and get it from me. I pop style for 30 hours and let him repeat. Now you popping up with the jokes. I'm dead. I'm asleep. I just left from over But y'all putting pin the sheets tired is sitting quiet and helping my enemies eat. Keep temperature checks to know that my head Dunno why the fuck you must have had your infrared wrong now your head shout all person Last time listening wherever you might be listening From. Don't push me when I'm in album mode. You're not even top five as far as your s that I gotta challenge those but I bring Calico to the ALA mode. I could never have a vi in my circle and hold him back as he makes me nervous. Oh I want to see my brothers flourish to their higher purpose.


You niggas lead to. I think it's good learning. Your brother said it was your cousin and him and you. So you don't rap what you did. You just rap what you knew. Don't be ashamed. There's plenty niggas that do what you do. There's no malice in your heart. You an approachable dude. Yeah. Yo, I never heard that before. For real. Shit. You never heard that? Damn this this boy she that nigga's really sad. Look at these niggas nigga this isn't a big deal. I said what's the name of that song? Duffy Duppy Duby Freestyle Man you might have sold a college kiss for Nike Mercedes but you act like you sold drugs for Escobar in the eighties.


I had a microphone of yours but then the signature faded. I think that pretty much resembles what's been happening lately. Please believe your demise would be televised. Yeah and as for Q man, I changed his life a couple times. Nigga was at Kroger worked a double times. Y'all acting like he made the boy when I was trying to help the guy, he asked you to play with me. Man you made this shit as easy as ABCs. Whoever supposedly making me hits aint got no hits. Sound like they need me. Brooks did it. My lyrics did it did it. I'm feeling with it. I really shouldn't have given you none of my time because you hold it than a nigga you running behind. Look, holler at me when you multimillion. I Told you playing With my name and ring on you like Virginia Williams.


I'm too resilient. Get out your feelings. Should Did That. It is gonna be a cool summer for you. I told you Florida Jackson Buffet. What's tell yeah we got an invoice coming. What's Good? And we just sold another 20. For you. For you. Yeah. All you self promoters to janky. We established game. Yes sir. This whole fucking game. Thank us. We moving Millerton. But somehow you the one tanking no limit to why I could take it and you know me as a crisp bottle sender. Check pick up or I thought we looked out for one another. Saw brothers struggle too. Blessed to be humble. I guess it's different in the city. I call all of a sudden I, they truly resent me.


They hold a meaning. Spell zabe. They trying to take me the How y get the less they accept me. Even had the OGs trying to press me. Huh? No way out. 'cause I'm already in it. I'm not attending. When I do a show and get a ticket, good business can clean millions. I got this. Y'all good? Y'all good? Y'all good? Y'all good? Y'all look focused. Even back when I wasn't this pocket when he told me take a RB nigga on the road and I told him no and drew for Kendrick and Rocky. I tried to make the right choices with the world watching. What else? Mike never tried to rap like Pac. Pac never tried to sing like Mike. Those was my dad's words to me when I asked. I damn now. And I always took, my mother gave the greatest advice. Oh look at me now they look at me like the golden child.


Especially not right now. Certain shit is just too wild to reconcile. Take that, take that. No love in they heart. So they fake that DiCaprio level the way they play that damn nigga. What is that? Don't hit hit my phone like you did. That shit started. When can I get a favor? Where my bitch at? Like I'm about to tell you where she been at Costa Corre. I got kidnapped. She ain't sorry and I sorry it's too late. Sorry. Green, white and red on my body 'cause I'm dipped in Ferrari. All she want to do is get high and listen to party. She complain and I tell the driver to drop at Barney's my summer died. It is just Rose and K Martin. Hey let's go man. Look now you got me started. I'm the black sheep. Rest in peace to Chris Farley. I got a lot to lose 'cause in every situation I'm the bigger artist.


Always gotta play smarter. Y'all shook up. I'm here on the cook up camera's point in every time I look up. That's why I got a duck behind Chu's shoulder just to hit the cus up sponsorship dollars of Sky High. He be like, Drake will you please stop smoking? La la Chu. Watch try. I'm a thug. I'm a die high. Got the rose pink tinted lenses. It's a Wednesday taking the, they redoing the entrance. Not yet. Yeah, redoing the entrance. Kind of like when you niggas drop on some again and against shit and you still never quite get trying to make, make a dance at This I dance against. Ah roll. Big body, wild bodies. Calabasas roll wind up, sun shining wax tires.


See Chris, Jen beep twice and I wave the rest. Come on man. Chris a beep beep two times they go Chris Jenner right there in the morning getting some Starbucks. Chris Jen, hey beep It Is. See Chris Jen beat twice and I wave the rest of you boys ke your face pistol by my bed. I'm asleep but I'm awake for that one night. When niggas trying to reach inside my safe. Don't push me because I'm Waiting Too uneasy. Nowadays these guys move. So G Greasy Now he thought he was uneasy. Tell You my life. And y'all don't believe me when I say save my stories for down the line. I'm too ahead of the curve every time. Wv weak and I'm always, always, always.


Oh man, never heard that before. Oh you have SoundCloud. He got Apple Music late. Oh that's true. He did just get Apple Music. So SoundCloud is Has 4:00 PM Mc Calaba reach. This looks, this looks look great. Check one, two. What That Flip and mail. Mel. Mel. Mel. What episode is this? 7 92.


Welcome to episode 7 92 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by Fueled By Powered by PrizePicks. PrizePicks Gang. I am your humble, gracious, grateful, really happy to be here. Host Joe Button here with some really amazing people To my right. You know her name, you know the vibe, you know her body. Big Melyssa Ford M four. Who you. How you doing man? I'm great. Fabulous. Love to be here. Good, good. Next to her Queen. You so dumb man. Next to her queen Flip queens. Get the money. You know what time It is. How you doing? I'm good. You know, in the building. Good. I ain't gonna say all that Extra shit, but yeah. Yeah. We'll get there later. That was extra. Yeah, we'll get there later. Next to flip. Come on. K. Wawa. It is in the building nigga like Charcoal nigga. Let's get in A little one to the weather. But he's here. Yeah, He is team player. He He is here. And I commend you. I I commend you. I did. I didn't think you would come. I didn't think you would come because this, this, this is your man. You gotta be heard like me. You gotta be heard like me. That's not my man. Well, up here we think that's your man. Yeah. Up here. That's your man up Here. We the narrative of that shit. The Yeah, we think that's your I was like, damn. I know this guy. You gotta come in and speak to some of this shit. You don't care. Nah, no. You, you may look at it different from how everybody else look at It. Right. Ish. It's just a man yo. Yeah, we'll talk about it. I Yeah man. Wow. Next to him, Elizabeth's finest son. The freest of them all. Big ices in the building. Took that Ravens gear off. Took that shit right off fast. You right after the bet was over, it's in the Dog cage, the Shirt. Oh my Lord. Who was the hat? Threw it out. Okay. And last but certainly not least, big, big Parks is in the building at Myra. Finest. What's popping engineer to them all Also, Corey is here. Poet is here. Ericson is here. Ke is here. Ian is here. Avon and Tanner are here by remote. Last but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys out there are here. Come on. So I'ma read these charges. Come on. Let, let's, let's get to it. Let's get to it. I don't want, I don't wanna waste any time. Great tour nigga. What, what are the, what are the, what's in the suit? We left, he dropped the suit against UMG and Spotify. The No, the, what was the suit? It was petition. Petition. I mean the petition. Petition. And there was some wording in there. Listen, I'm not fat guy. Somebody pulled this shit up. 'cause I'm, I'm sitting here. I'm about to cry. Alright. I am uneasy today. I'm way too uneasy nowadays. Yeah. This is like the hip hop. I Love it has fucking got, it's just gone now. Mm. It is gone Disgust. Hip hop might be dead. Disgusting. I mean It is. Nas was early. I just feel like, I feel like when, when, when third base was out


and when Mc hammer was out and Kwame and kid and play in that era and I was in my bag and my uncles and my older cousins would come over and just be like disgusted. It's like, oh, look what they did. Look what they're doing to fuck it hip. Like shut up old guy. Like I feel like that guy, like whatever It is, It is. They they got it dog. We doing this for distracts. Disgusting. It is nasty man. He, like we said, he dropped the, the petition against him. The petition and has now filed a defamation and harassment Suit. But the interesting thing in there was was G'S position, which is Spotify was like, all right, we agree go ahead, ahead.


And UMG was like, nah, we, we reserve our same position. We not copping in nothing. Whatever you're doing, you just go do it. You know what time It is with us. That was interesting. And I've been saying forever that, I mean I guess now so much has just come to light, right? Like how long have they been beefing For a while? I'm sure. What is that? I Think, I think what does it look like and when can you identify it in his career? I would identify it around Certified Lover Boy. When he started putting out leak record Or as album. I think that's Oh yeah. I was always saying you can hear it. That's the same thing I always said Right after Scorpion is where it just, After Scorpion it wouldn't certified Loverboy be the next album.


Yeah, Yeah. Next. No, not not next. He did projects after that. Yeah, He did Dark Demo, lane Dark All But all of that to me just, yeah, That's all the same conversation I'm having where he started just putting out leak records and demos and freestyles throw as throw at throwaway for lack of better terms. Throw. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. There was something there where it's like, I'm not giving y'all my, my my top tier work no more. Yeah. We beefing over something. Whatever It is. Whether, you know the, the, I want a bigger deal. I, I'm, I'm holding out and negotiate whatever it could be. Wasn't coincidentally that around the same time that he got that outrageous whatever that was half a billion dollar deal or something like that.


Wasn't that in that same ballpark? I think it was Post Scorpion that It is when I Came on the pod. Yeah. What year was Scorpion? Yeah. And then they was 2018. I wanna say, let's put this in so we can get this in time order. 2018 I believe. And he got 400 from UMG in like 19. Oh yeah. Checks in like 2019 checks. The deal was 2022. The 400 million. Oh yeah. Right there. So yeah, it could have been maybe I wasn't happy with that deal. What Did you say? You know, they paid him Or, or we don't know the particulars of The deal. We don't know. Shit. You know I'm, I ain't here to pretend I do. Yeah. 'cause it, it could be something bigger than just the bread, You know what I mean?


It could be some other shit. Definitely some bigger than the bread. Well I about G's response. Well, real quick. I I I remember when when Joe came up here and he was saying that, huh? I remember when Joe came up here and he was saying that Drake is traveling too much or or touring too much. If you remember that Joe, you know Joe, like you are not even getting any rest. You not arrested. You know what I mean? You said that you have some issues with you personally. You're not resting something that's going on. You know what I mean? That's something that stick out to me when I look at these complaints and look at the unhappiness. 'cause I Went and it was the rumblings when all those projects were were coming out that all he's trying to speed through. He's trying to speed through a contract.


He's unhappy, he's something, he's working on something. But again, who knows. Yeah, we Don't got, somebody Knows. We don't know. But I'm, I just want to track it artistically as as well. That's all Artistically for me. It was after Scorpion. I'm I'm with y'all, but go ahead. Yeah, right, right after Scorpion. That's where you can hear the difference. And I'm with you. I I do think it was Throwaways. Yeah, I think he did the shoot on purpose. Just my A one work that I have. I'm keeping it for whatever, whether it be post deal or independent, whatever the case may be. Y'all not getting this right now. But I still have contractual obligations so I'm not doing a complete stoppage. I think that's a mistake. The shit he said the shorty It's a mistake.


The shit, the shit he said the shorty Which part? Oh, Bobby, Johnny Blaze, right? Wasn't there? Oh yeah. He was like, yo, I got, you know what I'm saying, I'm on tour, I gotta get outta this bullshit deal, blah blah blah blah blah. I think he really feels like that. I think, I think that was, he was talking about the touring deal. I'm just saying. But Rock Nation, I think that whatever his, well Not Rock Nation, live Nation, Whatever his circumstances are, I think he has, I think he's got a peek into the other side. Again, this is money above our pay grade for sure. I just think that he's gotten a peek into the other side and the shit that other people would be happy for, he may not necessarily be happy for because I'm generating y'all niggas way, way, way more money than y'all giving me now I want more and y'all might be looking at me like an artist that shut up and dribble and he might not want to Ish.


What's way more money, right? If if if somebody give 400,000 and you making them a billion, if they, if they give you 4 million and you make them $5 billion, okay, so that's, that's the, okay. You get what I'm saying? It has to be that wide of a margin because what I'm saying is that if you get 400 million and you make a billion, they just breaking. But that's that deal. I've made y'all billions before this deal. Yeah. Didn't we come up with like a figure up here like 19, you know what I'm saying? Billion. You said something like, like that deal, that $400 million deal came before certified Loverboy and all of that. Look at his catalog before that. Got it. I've been major. We pass a b That's the shit we was talking about with Michael Jordan. Yes. Michael Jordan got 25 million, $30 million in the last two years.


But look at the money that Chicago Bulls have generated. Look at the city of Chicago and the money they generated. Look at fucking sell the Pepsis and the league. The league dog. Listen, when you go buy Laker tickets right now, I looked at Laker tickets to go to the cal, the DC game dog Laker tickets be higher than every other tickets. So you gotta kind of contribute some of that bread to LeBron and them, even though it ain't necessarily in la any city we go to, we generating revenue around the, You know what I mean? Like Floyd said that Floyd was like, yo, when I fight the cabs, the hotels, the fucking casinos, everybody benefits off of me fighting. Right. So for a nigga to feel like they didn't get they just due, they might be right.


Could be maybe, could be. What are some of the complaints that the, the charges that Drake accused UMG of Doing? And while you do that, I just want to add, he is the one that threw out multiple songs, was telling you for years about why he could never go independent. He was the one for years telling you how great of a relationship that he had with Lucian and Universal. He has thrown his status in every artist's face. That's True to say I am in a different position.


The game is the game. And know you are not, there is nobody that we've seen or that I can think of that has proved to ever be bigger than the system. And when you volunteer to play in that system In any field, by the way You have, there are the same way you generated numbers the same way you generated streams. There are expectations, quotas, and money being spent on you. You have been the proof of concept for their Matrix For where the game was with their He's been the streaming baby.


Yeah. He's been the proof of concept. Yes. For Apple, Spotify and the labels In terms of streaming. Correct. When the music business was in a disarray before streaming. So this dates back to the Napster fight me. So don't ever think as proof of concept that it's all You. Right. Like and that's the difference in, for me in some of the examples I heard you say with Floyd, there came a day where he knew it was all him. It's all me. The rest of y'all could eat, the town could eat, Vegas could eat. And he get those perks in Vegas.


They treat him like he does. Hey, open up, open up the stores. Yes. The difference, the difference between the boxing or NBA analogy and the music analogy is that when the Lakers are playing, whoever the, the Knicks, right? That game is happening right now. And that's the game when Drake is putting out music, all of the games in the history of music are happening at the same time. It's not quite the same. I I Was just giving it. Yeah, No, I know. I I get what you're saying To to your point. But if I put up 16 championships, I think, like you said the other day, everybody thinks they're the man and they're the last to get to know that they may not be the man no more.


I'm not saying he's not the man no more, but if he ain't, he gonna be the last nigga to know. It may be true. So when you go in the office now that treated you like royalty for the last decade and now they're talking to you a little differently, you might feel some type of way. So You feel like he might have had a stronger position maybe five years ago? I think that think so. I think Scorpion, he had The strong, he would've had a stronger position And I think they might've sold him a bridge. That's why even if they was bullshitting with him, they sold him on Yo you him. Yeah, me and you baby. We we gonna be big. We gonna be as big as, you know What saying, but he was, but he was in the big bridge business. He was out looking for a bridge. That's back to my my point about independence. And again, you sound crazy and or you sounded crazy talking about that with the biggest dream artists in the universe.


But this is why take whatever equity that they gained you, there was a period where all of that three a 3:00 AM spooky time, the countdown shit, whatever he was doing where he could press a button, The world stopped. Yeah. But bigger than that, how we distributed music changed out. Yeah. So we talked about it for years up here. It didn't cost you anymore to make a song and put it out. There's no overhead, there's no radio feeds, there's no this feeds, there's no storage feeds. There's no volume. It is you now. Yeah. You, it's not just you were the man on the music tip. We were at the precipice of a change to where somebody that had leverage and could dictate it.


Could dictate it. And that's why I was running around saying, this boy's the one right here. But Who is the somebody that you're referring to? Drake? Yeah, for me. Okay. No, I was asking. No, I was asking, I I didn't know if you were talking about Drake or the Lady. Oh yeah, no, no. I'm, I'm talking about I'm, I'm I'm talking About Aubrey to, to your example though, when there was times where he would upload in the middle of the night scary hours, excuse me. All of that. And like you said, the world will stop. Yeah. I think the label saw that. So part of the deal is you can't do that no more. But that's part Of the deal is just like we, we know other artists that, like I said, can't put a freestyle out now because of what they signed. The label now understands that it's not just about an iTunes or now your value is also in what you upload on Instagram where any, any time you put your voice on any beat, there's some value there.


And the labels are now signing that too. I wanna control it. Okay. But what's consistent for me with him now is IE in the Kendrick battle I harped on or focused on his inability to view that long term. Yeah. Like he focused on what was directly in front of him with these 20 people ignored the real threat, didn't see the real game that was being played and ultimately fell victim. Let me land. I disagree. Let me land, go ahead, let me land. No, I agree with you. A thousand saying I disagree The same way in this deal.


You have to know that if you are the only person that these labels are offering 400, 500, 600, 700, whatever the number is, you're the only person then that means you have to ask yourself Why. And it can't just be, Hey, I made them so much money or I'm so fly. It can't be that you can't be that self-centered because had he gotten the real answer, which is because if you walk away from us and with all your power, it's over and are independent, it's over for the hierarchy.


Why, why do you think he hasn't come to that realization? He might've come to that realization. But too late though and now. No, I don't think that. I think When are You talking about When in the last four years or so you Took, I'm, I'm speaking this way because you took deal after deal after deal. Like today, Kanye has come to whatever realization he needed to, that's after a history of signing. Amendment, amendment, amendment. You get your info, how you get your info. Sure. But he steady took the money, took the money, took the money, and now he's not, he's not in the position anymore, which is part of the label's argument. And you are on the downside and, and you think you him, but you are negating that we made you him.


I i. And the same way this team won a championship. Hey, when you retire It is gonna be the organization's job to put another championship team together on the floor. They don't give a fuck. Go pull up the clips of how he spoke and how Ian spoke. The niggas was like the two ones and 11. I'm agreeing with you. I think that It is one. I'm sorry. Go. Go. I think the one small differe is this. I think that especially we gonna keep rolling with the sport analogy. Father time takes wins all battles physically. Yeah. When you are creating something and it's coming from your brain, father time may not play as an important role. No, I think that he thinks dog I can do this all day and I think We're wrong.


I'm I'm saying, I said not you. So I think that he threw them niggas the throwaways, like I heard they got albums in the Tuck fire is what I heard. He got albums in the Tuck and I think he don't want to get albums to Universal. I think he trying to figure a way to sever ties with them. And I got all these albums over here in the Tuck and now I'm gonna tell y'all niggas to suck my dick when I release him. He might be looking for his Kanye out. That's what I was gonna say with the Kanye. He might be looking for the Kanye out. Kanye still was able to come out with a number one album. Number one single without them, without radio play without job all stopped fucking with me. I still managed to get back up Here. He did independently and Ly. Yeah. Yes. I don, I don. I don't understand that. That's what I'm saying.


No I think that that's his out. I think his out is you're saying he played the card too late. I'm thinking I don't think he thinks that. I think he's trying to find his Kanye route. I'm gonna leave you niggas alone and then I'm gonna hit the world with whatever I hit the world with direct consumer or whatever the case may be. Okay. But I want to be, in my opinion, because this is all subjective, that's all. We Don't know shit. Drake is not in the same ball ballpark as Kanye West. Drake has not proven across the board that he can move units, hardware of whatever, Of anything. Pull Products. Any, any anything. You're absolutely right Across products to yeah Drake. Drake is proven in music A lot easier to be independent when you got that fucking easy sneaker Money.


Yeah. Yeah. The Kanye brand. Just that easy brand him, he curated that over years. You all right. Drake has been, and this is back to our, he's been the system baby. So we don't know that. We don't know. We never seen him do it. He Don't, he don't know. But I would think that he would be confident enough to think that I could or arrogant enough to think that I could. I have the same way I told But I ain't seen it. Yeah, that's what I'm about to say. The same way I told Kanye, Hey dog, I believe you independent. When you really start taking that Adidas money and buying your own warehouses and your own factories and your own, you gotta reinvest in the business. I say it all the time, I have yet to See that from Drake.


My thing was he got all let me land. Listen, he got all the money in the world. He does. He has all the resources in the world albums and to get songs popping and moving costs money. I'm not sure that he know how much Probably does, I'm not sure he know how much Universal has spent on making some of these songs stick. But if you know music today, he's having a hard time making something stick And that's not because he lost talent. It is Not that. It is not because he lost talent. No I don't believe that he's still him. But without that label and without that button that they push, he's dropped joints that some people feel Could go. I I was told you Watching somebody I was watching they was talking about Yeah man they started naming records.


These records should Have went, hey, if this was five Years ago, this record would be A top 20 record. Guess what Playboy It is not anymore. It's not five years ago. And there is a reason I know you fans so you're like, oh why is this not go? You don't know shit about shit. This shit is designed and programmed. I'm a great With with Drake. With the Drake brand. It really leads more to the label. It is kind of more important than he's putting credit on because look at the things he's done outside of the label. The knock, the Nike brand. It ain't take off like Kanye shit did nothing. Not at all. The OVO Jordans ain't take off like that. Like the OVO label. The OOVO label. That part respectfully, everything that you've done outside of music ain't really hit like that.


And if music is only hitting because the label is pushing, not saying only, but it's almost like, and we seeing the label not push the button now and the music ain't even hitting. Do you think the label suppressed it? I think they just let it go. Yeah. Ice they sur they suppressed where he tried to drop on his own, they snatched shit down. Like he tried to put some shit out, they'll strike it. They did that But dad was telling us how they felt. Yeah, true. That was telling us that's We it's up already now Where, where they stood on things. Right. And that this relationship has soured to take it back to fucking the battle in Kendrick really quickly. It's not just me, I'm what the culture's feeling. However y'all interpret, interpret culture 'cause it's subjective now.


But I would assume that Kendrick, lemme not say Kendrick, that somebody had a talk some conversations, somebody with Some people. Yeah. And there was a word on the curb, the great words of Melyssa Ford and Yo Dog. We were saying it, Hey this is odd that this record won't leave number one, Why is this like that shit? They ain't shoot a video. What did they do besides press a button? We don't know. Maybe they spent some money, but when a record stays at number one all that time, these are clear indicators and he chose to, and I'm not getting back to his decisions during the beef, but he chose to focus on artists when that boy knew his real beef was higher than that.


It was higher than that. But he been knew that He Find Yeah, but he's been saying that. Yeah, but You can put too much dip on your chip. You can But the label, the label arrogance can make you, it can. But I'm saying he's not blind to the point that the beef ain't with the beef is higher up. He's been telling us this for years. But that's my thing. You spend time on ASAP Rocky and them if But you knew who your I don't think he, I don't think the way he was explaining it was like, yo, whoever the higher up is y'all got them together to all attack me. It is still coming from above. That is what he's saying. The the label is so powerful. They're making the fall off look like it's self-inflicted. That's true. That's how powerful I agree with that. And that's being overlooked. Like he's still talented. He's still got it. But they're so they're teaching them such a big lesson that they're making the fall off.


They put all these things in front of him. They're making it seem like it's him that's doing it. He can't rap no more. 'cause a lot, a lot of people what he's doing now, yes It is to the culture where we from, yo you rat and you look nasty. But there's a lot of artists that wish that they could've done that. Not basically off of being diss, but just go against a label that are moving things and to make them look a certain way or helping the career become go to decline. My only beef with that is you had no problem when you were the main recipient. That's the only issue. I'm just saying we niggas loose to the labels. You sat down and talked like you was the king piece on the chess chessboard, which you were. Okay. But now it's, it's, it brings all of that in question.


'cause it's like, all right, so they, if if you're telling us that they got the power to make you look where you can't succeed in music no more. Yeah. Are you also telling us that all of your success in music still came from them? Yes. Because your talent didn't change? The answer is yes. Yes and no. See, that's my other problem with, I think It is yes or no with, with certain things that, that he says in in the suit about just the systems in play and the business of how music moves that are now working against him. Which says to me, well that means that you, you knew how they, not only did you know how they were working for you, you benefited, but Yeah. But that's, that's a given. But that's what you were running around taunting in the streets along with I make the best music.


You know that your lawyer used to work for the prosecutor in the town or you know that them people behind you, they got all the hams. They not even letting nothing push True. He said some shit like, damn, I got a brain freeze right now. But yeah, that, that's, that's my other issue with, with he knows. He Knows, he knows. So I think that and, and and, and I'm not, I think that his knowledge is way more than our knowledge of course. About what the goings on are. Right. Of course. So let's just say if, if he was the golden child and they was able to wi his talent, push a button and let him go during the beef, they wasn't pushing a button on none of them songs, Which Hos that he was putting out against with Kendrick and the beef.


They wasn't pushing a button on the songs at all. So now he might have information. I'm, I'm just guessing. Oh that's saying yo, y'all doing shit that's not just let it go and see what happens. But eh, y'all might be trying to mute my shit at the same time. So Well they're 100% probably gonna try to mute all his shit or not mute the record business is just gonna have other records be heard. So it's like a phase out. Gotcha. Yeah. Instead of promoting yours. Yeah. So I got seven songs Now he Drake used to job you. Hey everybody move. Everybody move. It wasn't just us saying it. That was a path being cleared. Gotcha. Now that he's on the other side, everybody we just dropping or nobody's dropping, we're gonna freeze all this shit.


But you won't, you won't benefit from Shit. So now he trying to go the internet route. I'm trying to put some shit out on. Oh also, wait, let me reply to you real quick. No, he never dropped a song. See I'm not talking fan talk today. He never dropped a song. Now once What you mean Ev Family Matters was released. It wasn't a song. It wasn't a song, it was a res a response. That was, that was something that like, listen, they fucked up the streets and the mixtape game so nobody know what's what now. But savvy people know the difference between you going in the studio and you making a song and you putting it out on your own versus something that's being worked by millions of people.


Like that is a song. Yeah, True. This is on someone's album. People have hands invested in this. This is a, a artist that is largely responsible for some artist shit. I'm talking about future now. Yeah. And then you add Kendrick. That is a song being worked. Drake was just home rapping and pressing buttons and upload and putting it out. There was nobody, it was him on his own. Then Kendrick comes back with fucking what everything that he did was attached to something where other arms and tentacles are working. This the only one that wasn't was probably Meet the Grams six 16 in LA and meet the Grams. No, the shit that I like Euphoria. Euphoria. No, that was was song was released. That was released a song. All of them were all were released except for six 16.


Do the only ones that matter are like that and not like us. Those are the two that matter. But I'm agreeing. But all of those other songs that y'all said wasn't released was still at the top of the charts. So how did that happen? What do you mean wasn't released? Because Joe was saying it was only he said it Was No, they released saying they weren't worked, they weren't worked, weren't then that worked. It's just you on your own uploading the Dap piss. So you think that organically all of, 'cause at some point he had like five or six songs in the top 10. Who? Kendrick. Kendrick. He had like four or five songs in the top 10. Yeah. Like that. Not like Us. Euphoria. All of them was up to Oh yeah, everybody was listening. I mean, Drake's Records was in there too.


Yeah. It ain't like the Drake's records didn't pop up on there as well. People were listening back and forth to these songs. They just don't stay Got they don't stay, they Don't don't stay. You have to pay to stay. Got you. Okay. No, I, You might get enough people. I'm asking for information To pop up. I'm not saying, and a lot of times what happens is they hear something and this shit is a bop. Oh shit, this could go like when not like us dropped, it was a bop. True. Niggas was up dancing. I remember just the initial reaction video. This ain't no but label saying, yo do this, do that. People was like, oh shit. He gave us something that we could actually, they said, they said California shut down. Yeah. So now as a label, if I See that, oh shit, now I'm gonna put some money behind it, we gonna go put some money behind it. True.


Also in his shit, he, he's saying y'all cut off demon monetization for reaction videos to not like us, which incentivized people to make them or yada yada yada yada. And I'm like, okay. So they had a good idea. Not only did really good idea, not only did they have a good idea, they're well within their right to flick off monetization for who they see fit and what song. Yeah. This is not the first time it's happened. Shit. Some of them salute to y'all hit me. They they turn it off for episode or two. They they they do that. It is when it's yours, which is what happens when you surrender your rights.


They can do that. Like, And this is, this is also them playing the streamer game now. Now the labels is saying, okay, this streamer shit is really out here. It is, It is. It's a major deal now it's free promo. This is, this is the next step. So now it's like, okay, yeah, let's incentivize the streamers to push our song for free, but not just the streamers. Any video, if it's a TikTok, if it's a whatever, but, but I'm saying that you cut it off. I'm talking about the reaction video part. Like when that word got out there that yo they're letting us use this song in the reaction videos. It's gonna incentivize more people to make the reaction videos and it's free marketing the promo for the, that's a smart note from a company. I'm not disagreeing with you. It is a genius move that he put in there.


It is like, oh my God, you doing all the Karen Shit? But if they wasn't true, It is some camera shit. It it's true. It's some, it's Some, but that leads to my, it's Some bra, it's some brat shit. It's some bratty shit. Like, yo, y'all wouldn't let me do this. But y'all letting him do it. You know what I'm saying? Like, I tried to put my videos out, y'all suppressed it and y'all took it down off Instagram. But y'all let him do what he was doing. It's some, it's some, Well that's, well that's It's some brat shit. Like I'm I'm used to doing this. Y'all saying no to me now it's Braddy shit. But if it's actually happening and he can prove that it's happening, then it, it changes his argument was the monetization just for it goes, it goes from it goes from He's not gonna be able to prove it. He's not gonna be, I Think he is, but it goes from business to now.


From culture harassment To now business. Right. Like if, if he's able to prove that you guys intentionally did this, he has an argument. We have to stop acting like he doesn't have an argument. I said We're Talking about two different lawsuits too. You guys are talking about The first one. He doesn't have an argument Because he won't have an argument. There is no argument in any of the things that so hard to prove that I read is what I'm saying. Got it. What you're describing is the music business. Understood. But intention when I got to Def Jam. Okay, I was gonna add, Yeah. When I got to Def Jam, I was trying to have my records work. Me we nitty sk shout to the game. We were trying to have our records work and we were having a hard time.


The lesson back then for me was the radio niggas coming and saying, yo, you go and talk to your label. They've sent us 13 records that have to be played before yours. And unfortunately for you, that's Ja rule. DMX ludicrous fucking method Man, ghost Face had a smash back. Like it was a long list of people that you had to Jay-Z we gotta get these two records on. Oh, oh, got it. I'm in competition with, alright. They just seeing what's the, the la the label is gonna label. Yeah. The label is not your personal concierge. But if, if you had an opportunity, if you had a, if you wasn't rolling with street niggas and you had an opportunity to to sue them for that, you wouldn't have sued them for that if you had the knowledge.


That's my point. There is nothing I Sue them, I think, but I think we conflate this in, in his particular instance, and I didn't read it. So in his, his defamation thing is, fam y'all calling me a a pedophile on a national fuck national, y'all calling me a pedophile on a global stage that can be looked at as defamation. So can he be sued for defamation, for calling Kendrick a woman beater on a record prior to that? Yes. Like my whole thing is that Bro Ice? Yes. Niggas have been saying I'm answering shit. Asking Yes. You saying yes. He could be looked at as different if, if Universal put money behind Drake's album where he's saying something about Kendrick's family or Kendrick's wife or Kendrick's, whatever. Yeah.


Why we act, why we acting like the word the the P See That's what, that's that's Why are we acting like the pdf DF word? It is just, It is just some regular stain you could wipe off. Yeah, that's that's what I was saying. It is not a regular stain. You can wipe off people be turning the blind outta that part. This shit could be detrimental to your career Or being that's not known as thats Who's Listen respectfully, I'm not, I have nothing, I have no problem with anybody who's on that side of the fence. That's just not my hip hop. That's not my hip hop. That's cool. That's not the hip hop I come from has anybody. That is not the worst thing that's ever been said in a disc record or beef. But it's the worst thing. Not the worst thing that Stunted Joe. That's happened. That's one, two My a dv stain by the way also, you said what a DV stain is also pretty difficult to get outta the couch. That's thing that's stuck. If you look at hiphop, Joe talking about hip hop and battles and stuff like that.


We seen what, what, what 50 did to Ja rule. Like we seen different things that had effect these movements that had effect on people in their career. Now he's watching another one where niggas actually saying If 50 cent would've sued Ja Rule for anything that he would've said he would, it would've turned out different. Of course. But he's different. It's the same for JAY Nas. Of course I get it. Ja the same for anybody. I get it. IE Dr. Dre like, go listen to the easy E Dr. Dre beef again and the New shit. Is he, is he is he, is he suing Kendrick? No, he's suing Universal directly. That's what I'm saying. Just Universal. He's not suing Kendrick. He's not suing Kendrick. That's my Point. He didn't list in the defamation any of the streamers. They Weren't They No. What he's using, he's not, they're he's suing.


They're reference in there're Referenced. Okay. He's using the captions that they used because he, he's, he's including that when the house got shot at and the security guard got shot, that them having the picture of the house with the Oh, Address the Number. They didn't put the address. They just, they had the picture of the house with the little arrows on it. Like, like sex offenders lived there. Yes. That one. Oh, that incentivized people to attack him. That's what he's claiming. I just, I think he got a claim. I think he has a claim and I Think, I'm not, I'm sorry I'm not with, I don know the violence. Right. I'm not with nobody crib getting shot up.


I think it also said the day after somebody was trying to dig a hole and dig a tunnel through his crib and yada yada yada y but I, I wanna say shit, I watched that house be built for however many years. One that house has Been can Google that featured And Architectural Digest And you fly magazine that there is, he's also himself divulged stories of fans attempting to break in his home while, while he is had guests, while he is had company. I assume that that comes with being one of the biggest stars in the world. One true. On the flip side, whenever him and I got into whatever we got into and them fans showed up to my house, he incentivized that.


He cheered them on, he put them on a public platform. He applauded that behavior. And that's my other beef with the Karen move. Got it. Because if you a Karen, be a Karen, but you code switching because you at the game with you running around with this nigga that has been threatening Kendrick saying, I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna do X, Y, Z. You want to get cool with, I'm not naming no names, but you know who you running around with and you know what you doing and you know what you threatening. So if you that then be that. But don't be that. And also carrying Out, see that's my problem. That's my problem. That's part of the not like US foundation that he Was building.


That part right there. 'cause you run around being mob ized, Mafi, mafioso, all of this other shit saying you, you know, you know what he been saying? You put it on the song, you put it on a recent record, you know what he been saying. So you're doing all of that and then this is your retaliation when something happens. He's playing both. I I just, I just like that He's playing both sides. It nasty and the sky. What if he, what if he's speaking for the people who always wanted to go against the label That that He's not, he's though, I'm asking, This is all very selfs. There's a lot of What if he, what if he's standing up for those people? What if he's saying that I am the one that can change this. I am the one that's not his Incentive Am big. It don't matter what what will change? Sorry ma, I'm sorry. I didn't hear you ma'am. I Was just gonna say that's not his incentive.


Okay. I understand what you're saying but I was with that with the first lawsuit. Yeah, me too. Even though I thought it was bullshit. I was with that I'm still with this. I you withdrew that and now are claiming defamation and harassment because we've been hearing about the latest shit for years with this one too. The Super Bowl is coming up in the month. I don't want you to get on the biggest national platform in the world and say I'm a pedophile. Shit, you took it there Ice, I didn. We come up here and say you can't. That's your argument with every, that don't have nothing to do with what he talking about with the label. If y'all niggas is putting money behind a record that's claiming I'm a pedophile, I have a problem with y'all doing that dog. It's not about, it does have something to do with that. Y has a lot to do with that. It has nothing to do with the label. We don't get him called the pedophile. We don't know that we get that dog. We don't know that we are here.


You opened a door. So what? And you didn't like what came out the door. So what I'm not suing Kendrick Lamar, I'm suing the record label that is promoting me being a fucking pedophile. And I feel Kenrick Lamar record. I have a pro, I have a problem with the label promoting a album that says I'm a pedophile. He can have that feeling. He can have all the feeling he want. Here's a question why Kendrick can have a feeling about him saying, yo, you beat your wife and you beat your wife and your kids beat your kids. It's shit. All of that shit. And if Kendrick wanted to sue Universal for putting marketing dollars behind that, then Kendrick will be well within his right to do so. And so I have a question about the whole Def Well Let me just jump in real quick. Well, within your right to do so, yes, but no other artist would think about doing it because it's the end of your career the same way as the, It is gonna be the end of his career.


That's a choice that he gotta make that bad lie in it. For sure. You know what I'm saying? He gotta make that bad line. I'm just saying. But I don't think, especially when it come, if he sued Kendrick, he would be the fucking goof of the Goofiest. But that's my biggest question is if he's, if he still The goof of the goofiest, If he's filing a defamation not Against the machine Joe. Yeah, not against the machine To those of y'all running with that, running With dad. No, I'm with you, but I doubt it. No, I, sorry, MA's. Okay. Excuse me. I'm with You. Right. I understand what you're saying but I also understand how these, these infrastructures are put in place to make people look away and to fuck up things in front of the masses. I'm aware of these things.


I hear the complaints all the time. You hear them all the time. Nigga Michael try to go against so many people we could name that try to go against the system and the machine and loss. Now we have a nigga that says, yo, I feel like I'm in a position to go against the machine. And maybe the machine put it in in a way where it looks like he's on a downhill because of the issues between them. So now the the mass is looking like, well he's falling off and that's why he's doing it. Yeah, but maybe he's not even falling off for real. They did that with Michael Jackson. They made it like Michael and we've seen this for years and now somebody is stepping up to say I'm not gonna allow you to do this. Think he gonna lose though. But me too. I think he gonna lose. But I'm just, you know, I, I'm with listen, I still think the record gets Played in the Super Bowl.


One has lost and continues to lose in this. It is, It is the artist. It is him. It's him. It's Him. Okay. I agree with that. And I just wish that he would find a different way to address all of his grievances. I don't, thinkness is above my pay grade. So do we just accept the Abuse? So I don't pretend to know, but Do we just Accept the joke but dog, dog, what y'all call abuse have at it bro. You enter the battle things were said you got hurt more than the other person. True indeed. If this is how you choose to deal with that And you instigated the fight, brother and another nigga hit harder than you Too. My bro. This on you. I agree. But I was here when it was, Hey nah nigga, I've been hearing about these threat records from over there for mad years.


So now is the time. I got time. I'm waiting. I'm not letting you escape. Like you were persistent in that Instigated and It came from fairly vanilla dis on the future record really is just big me led to this. That's what nah, they been shooting that a years and years and years. But it wasn't nothing. It didn't have to get it didn't Have to get the pedophile. You ain't gotta get personal get that. It's so friendly, fade. Keep it that way. Like, and he's citing the lyrics. I read the lyrics in this shit. He, he's like in euphoria, he says, don't tell no lies about me and I won't tell truth about you. Which has the public thinking that everything being said is indeed true and yada yada yada, yada.


I'm like, It's nasty bro. I don I don't Y'all can have it. Yo, y'all can have It tell y'all what Y'all want. This just ain't it. Ain't it ain't my hip hop. Maybe I aged out of this shit faster than I thought I would, but all this shit that y'all doing, it ain't nah, nah, not for me. I Love it too much. Part Of my confusion is also if he's filing the def the petition made a lot more sense. But if he's filing a defamation claim against UMG, why isn't Kendrick named? Because he's saying from what my understanding is, and y'all could correct me if I'm wrong, he's saying that Universal basically puts steroids to the record. I understand that and I completely understand it, but he, but Kendrick's the one who said it, He's trying to keep his foot still in hip hop.


He's trying to keep his foot foot still in the, he doesn't I think foot in the culture as far as, because the niggas that he roll with that'll be frowned upon. I think He's Oh well then he's completely lost sight of how, of how he looks. I think it's a desperation attempt by him to silence the song at the Super Bowl. That's it. Absolutely. I think Drake has billions of dollars of business worldwide that he is counting on to provide for whatever. And I think those business deals now become, they get jeopardized compromised by somebody calling you a pedophile on a worldwide stage. And even with that, that song might be pushing people to believe that. Can I ask you one quick question? Sure. What do you say to Drake himself on the TaylorMade freestyle using the Pac AI saying, talk about him liking young girls.


I heard it on a button podcast. It's gotta be true. That's the first time this is mentioned on record. Okay. Before not like us. I'm just saying you, you yourself are saying into it. Yeah. Yeah. You're basically, you keep No, he's being, he's being sarcastic saying, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nigga go ahead and talk about, yeah. Okay, so I did it. Careful what you wish for. I'm just, I'm just wanna get your response. That's that's, that's tricky. I think me and you having two separate conversations, I'm talking about global business. I'm not talking about a street fight between me and you when I'm calling your mother names and all that other shit. I'm talking about on a global business level my nigga. When people are running around saying that you are having sex with children, It is disparaging. So, but then, and that means that y'all kind of are having the same talk because one affects the other.


That's what I'm trying to get Supposedly. No, we can see and and cool in order. Cool. Kendrick can say whatever you want. Again, I'm telling you that Drake is bro equal. I'm not. Drake and Kendrick are the same. He said the nigga beats his wife. Nigga you said I beat my wife. I if I never beat my kid said my kid. My best friend telling not mine. Yeah. You Said my manager fucked my wife and that's His kid. That's true. I'm telling you that they are the same. That Was creative but that was Val. I'm not disagreeing. That's, I thought about that while listening to it. Damn s that wild shit. I thought the same thing is that's A wild shit. That was mudslinging. It was mu slinging. And Also I think that there's a different perception from both people as to what the rules of engagement were.


He really, Jake really likes the goalpost move for him. Yes. Mm. I I think that clear, I think Universal's involvement in this is the underlying piece. Okay. So let me read Like I think he's accustomed to Universal pushing a button for him and they didn't. So let me Read Universal's response. Now I pushing a button for another motherfucker. I'm tight real quick before you read that. Yeah. It's not just they push the button, they also silent shit for him. Yeah. That's the point. That's what he's used to. Yes. He's used to universal moving. That's my point. Changing the rules for him. There was records that people said shit that he didn't like that he made a call and then they made a call and this got to come off this song. That's my point. It happened to him. He couldn't take it happening to him.


I'm not disagreeing with that piece. But when the label pushed the button on your shit, silence my shit and your shit happens to be one of the most disparaging things in the world. If I want to get your shit silence and I think I got enough power to do so I'm gonna go to the court. That's what motherfuckers doing. Business. I Agree with Ish that a large part of this is not having not like us play at the Super Bowl. I think that's the main piece. I think it's desperation attempt. I've been hearing some things universally. Ain't the only people that he's acting like this with. Oh yeah, no I know There's other shit going on Outside. Listen, when you, when you caring publicly, I gotta assume that you caring privately as well. That's part of the Karen profile that you calling behind the scenes, yada yada yada.


And if you look at certain things, like if you look at the last two Super Bowl half times, that was what Usher and Rihanna. Right? The promo for them was a lot. You ain't seen much promo for this one. That's true Outside of the rollout video. It's been really quiet for promo video for this halftime show. That's a good point. That's a great point. Yeah. Why? Because behind the scenes he the he's he's discussing shit with NFL lawyers Now. Factor that in what just dropped a couple weeks ago? Wait what? His line with the NFL?


Who's lying? Drake's Drake's line. Yeah, I don know where, just popped up and dropped. Just start doing the math. It's big boy games. What I will say to that and I agree with that. That's that's Deep. That's Big Boy Games. I, I was watching the, typically I'm used to the NFL doing their October announce Chilling and then 'cause we focused on the playoffs and then the Super Bowl coming. It's a big deal. When I was seeing that promo for Usher, I think for me I could be off. It was a lot of that tied to Apple. With the Apple Apple. Who has the halftime show? Apple does the halftime Show. Yeah.


Got it. Got it. Like I Made, remember when Nas and JAY was going at it, NAS had a a thing where he was gonna hang JAY at Summer Jam. They silenced it. Dame Dash admitted, yo, I silenced that shit nigga you not gonna hang my man on no stage. Dame publicly said he went to Hot 97 and told them niggas if y'all allow that shit to go down, huh? That was power. No, 9 7 7 was Summer Jam. Summer Jam. He was like, yo, if y'all allow that shit to go down, we going, we going to retaliate. Y'all not gonna be getting our shit. Y'all not gonna be whatever he had to do and say to get that shit to go away.


I think that's just big boy games and that's, we watch all of these shows. We watch Billions Succession, all of these shows, all of that shit happens in big business Dog. I hear it now. I Think it sucker shit from our perspective how we were raised like, yo, you don't do that. You take the bumps and bruises that come along with the fight. Yeah. But when you got billions of dollars and all that shit on the, on the table and be clear as we, y'all all keep saying Drake ain't from where we from, we expecting a nigga to potentially play by rules that we have. Sometimes ignorantly adopted as a a, a way of moving around. But he don't necessarily have to adopt those Rules then don't mob ize me to death. That's that's it. That's, that's that's my beef with mob ties.


Drake, I Ms. Drake. Like it's too many artists that are suffering from an identity crisis or begin to lose themselves when they get into shit. I I miss original corny orbit. Drake. Yes. Gotcha. The the, the nigga with the Blackberry and the corny t-shirts that couldn't dress with no beard that everybody just wanted to get next to and and get some of that corny sauce. Y'all knew that nigga wasn't like us but he had to, he had the magic touch that guy that made people that when they collabed they was joining his his world. The guy that said, nigga, I'm gonna give you the verse and the hook look.


That's where every song kind like Drake featuring Drake, old him, this new caricature of himself where back to the not like us point that I don't want to continue to reiterate, reiterate or emphasize, but all of this, I'm doing an album with him. I'm flying with him. I sound like him. The London drill, the this Yo why did you try to fix what, what wasn't broken? You don't think it's evolution or it's really, it's me being what I really want it to be. It could be evolution. I could, I could really want to be that. And the opposite of evolution is what Regression Because that's, that's what I see it as.


What evolved or maybe it evolved into something evolved that was that that was trash. Yeah. I think it's, It is, It sounds evolved. It doesn't, nothing about It is evolution to me. Gotcha. Okay. To to me It is, It is, well you could go make a song with popcorn in Jamaica and you could go make a song with another artist in London. You could make a ghost song down south. You could go make a song with a pop artist or what's the girl name? Sabrina. Sabrina, Claudia. Yeah. Like when you could do all of those different things. I don't necessarily know if Drake from Yesteryear could do those things. I think the evolution now his personal persona is one thing. Okay.


And I think too I'm of, I'm of the belief that Drake from yesteryear could do anything in the world that he wanted to musically. Gotcha. I I wouldn't disagree with that. And to the evolution point of music becoming global because I recognize that I wouldn't have my point if he were the one still dictating those sounds to in increase us globally. Like the NBA doing a deal with China. But it seems like you, it seems like he's Conformed to There. You conformed, you rode waves. Music is Fickle Dogg. When Nory was doing his reggaeton shit, man, him and Daddy Yankee, that shit was on fire.


I was home looking at the clock. Man, hurry this shit up Dog. Sometimes you have a record. That's fire. I'm not speaking about Drake now 'cause he's bigger than life. But for the rest of us, we could have a record and be holding it in a tuck and in a year the whole sound of music has you by be be totally different. That's true. Like music is a lot about timing. So he can conveniently and not just conveniently because now in hindsight I feel like he got word from the curve from his business partners of what the target is. Just like when I was in Spotify or wherever and them niggas would say, yo India. It's like, oh, got it. That's where the focus is. Gotcha. Yo, the population is this over there.


So if we do that, we'll see a 10% increase and they get back there and they start talking they shit. And if you are our streaming baby and we working in alignment, you gonna get some, you gonna get some cool job to your shit. It is Barry Bond, Joe, nothing could stop it. True. But now if you're not dictating those things right, like if he could go in the studio right now and do a one dance, which everybody here I'm sure believed that he can still make a one dance. Of course. Why you not? I say yeah, yeah. Huh. I always say, why are you not? Why you not Gotcha. Oh, why, why wouldn't you? Well, well that goes back to the why won't you? That goes back to the concept of he's potentially holding all this material, which again I think is a mistake, but not because the world changes too fast.


Music changes too fast. If you're holding onto all these great songs and great albums for when you get out of your contract, which you don't really have no definite date. That's a mistake. The but Not just that. Like when he Go ahead you can finish if the music is changing too fast, I think that it's a clever business move that he hops on each sound. Yeah. I'm not Right. So that's what I'm saying. A lot of times, you know, when Joe says that I missed the old Drake, I want that Drake, but I think it's actually clever and you stay relevant because a lot of artists, the sound becomes outdated. It's a trick and we laugh at them, but that's a trick, not laugh like ha ha ha. But but that's, that's the trick. Even If It is a clever one Joe, it's a clever trick. It's Just a risk. Wait, hold up. Yes and no. Okay. Explain Yes and no because it's still the program doing this.


It's still the program. So why is Drake not on a bad bunny song right now? Or why is Drake not on a Bruno Mar song right now? Or Adele song right now? Or a Taylor Swift song right now? Or any of them. The premium Post Malone, whoever those premium, they gonna keep you off the label is the label is that's, and so that we gonna ice you out. So now when you go try to do it because he's done it, I came in here and was the only one in the world that liked that shit with him and the Spanish dude or him and whoever that dude was where I thought he got off in the verse, I played that shit up here. It came away, came away nothing. Everything's Coming and going. Everything That he's done, the white girl, he just did it.


He went on a little run and the Brazilian where he Records on the hundred gig shit that if they fucked with him would Go, but I'm not, but yes, but I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about collaborations and, and the programs program, he could do whatever he want on his own, but they put him with the little racist white girl two times. Two times. What's Her name? You heard? Yeah. Ka. You heard them shits and Then you never heard Em again a second. It's very different than somebody powerful putting Rema with what's the Spanish girl that's on the hit re rema and that fucking white girl that's Spanish. I song that. And when he won, everybody heard the song, biggest song in the World.


I wanna find it somebody look it up, Rema and one of them white girls. But, but they went up there, won the, the, the Caribbean award. He brought her to the stage like these are are intentional collaborations from people that are above the mascots. Gotcha. And we are the mascots. And at some point we, we expected Drake to take a hove like leap to businessman. And it's tough to have that talk with somebody that's as wealthy as him. But I'm speaking from his, his world. I, we were expecting him to take that. But he kept drinking the Kool-Aid, universal and Lucian, they asked him, Lucy, and hey Dre called, asked for some money.


He said it, anytime Dre has ever called and asked for more money, I give it to him. That's the Lucian grade. A version of Lyor taking me to the Knick game when focus was out. And guess what Joe, but when you Don't stupid me, hey, But when you don't want to the Knicks, when You don't wanna go to the game no more and you want the box seats and you want equity and you start talking Jay-Z talk, it's gonna be pushback potentially from the same nigga that put his arms around you and said, yo, you can have anything I got. Because he's never gonna think that you going ask for what the fuck he really got.


Well you talking about the the the want process. You take me to the game. What happens when I want Sky Box, my own sky box? What I'm saying is it starts with, hey man, why is that happening? Right? Like a good business man. Your part of the reason Mark's not here. Part of the reason I'm such a great spade player, hey, some of y'all out there know about me is because whatever my opponent is trying to do, I figured it out. I figured it out. By the time the first two cards are placed the same in business. In business. Hey, you might get what you want. You might get your deal and be clear. I know that most of y'all, and I know for a fact most of y'all are back there asking for pennies, pebbles and Fruity.


Fruity what? Fruit Loops. Fruit Loops, fruity Loops. Y'all not back there asking for shit. Demanding shit. I'm not talking about Drake. He could be, he might have been back there bugging, asking for some you, you ball up. But the rest my point. But the rest of y'all niggas, y'all ain't back there really negotiating for nothing. Y'all are, y'all are and have been happy with receiving a look and a hundred thousand dollars to, for you to get by for your next six years and maybe get another a hundred thousand from the publisher and now you got 300 and we gonna make you high and you go get your money on the road. And and through brands, y'all have been totally pleased with that. So it's like yeah, if y'all are happy being high priced mascots, which 98% of you are, then when the, when the team get the change in the colors of the mascot out out, you Ain't got outfit.


You ain't got no, you Can't save. You going put it That new outfit gonna That where that gold nigga, there's nothing that you could save dog. This shit hurts. This shit hurts. This is like the hip hop version of the fucking house seats. Like the, the seats that hey, these been dominated for 90 years and now we got this one small window to where we can make a change something and see these labels take a fall and the few niggas that could've did it, y'all end up fighting with each other taking a deal and only looking out for self. There's no union in hip hop. There's no unity in hip hop. None of y'all know what culture mean. Actually they've been telling y'all what culture mean 'cause they own this shit now. This shit is a fucking mess out. It is disgusting. DIC dictate and if you love this shit, it hurts.


It hurts. They've been dictating. It does. I ain't mad to come in and fucking be vulnerable or sad about this shit. I'm saddened as a dis track king as a nigga who loved to get on the mic and tell lies about my opponent. That was the shit nigga Saigon got on the mic, said my kid was gay. You did Nigga. I can name all of the things that people say. Little beast I needed row games. I'm joking that's not that bad. But horrible things get said man. I just don't like the Karen play both sides. I don't like the the aggressor and the victim especially going through it. I just went through with these fucking, these these racist pieces of shit.


Like I just see how the game is played with systems in place and when it don't go your way, we end up here. I agree. But forget about the effect or the impact on on everybody else. I hope that it play, I hope it plays out well. Well for him. I honestly personally don't see how it can, I don't see how it can, not saying it can't again above my pay grade. I Think let ask you, I think it don't fan out. Well for me, let let ask y'all one quick question. Do do y'all still think not like us gets played at the Super Bowl? Yes. Yes, yes, yes. I don't know if they say the line though. No. Just the song period. I don I definitely don't think Ben thought he was gonna play The song dog. The beat has been played. The beat is at least coming up. The beat has been played on on in arenas. The the the organ player plays it at the nick game.


Like the beat is played. The song the, even if he don't say a word I I always been on the side of he's gonna edit it. Intro shit is gonna come on. I I always say he's gonna edit it and do it, but in the event I'm wrong and he don't say a word, the beat is gonna come on like, like Usher doing my way for five seconds just walking out to it. Yeah, I See that. That might be the intro. I see dead people and then into, Into whatever His behavior is single handedly making the legacy of not like us. He's making it the greatest disc record of all time. It is so seven millions. It is. And I wouldn't give a fuck not about sales. I was never ready to call. Not like us. The greatest disc record of all time.


He need to Getting harder and harder to Argue. It is solely his behavior that's making the legend of it grow. That's that's that's A fact. Yeah. What I was saying to you, you know, off camera when I asked you, you, you are a man that goes against the system, right? Especially now when your new life, you just, you still keep that same sentiment. Y'all don't give a fuck how high you are. I'm gonna go against you if I feel that it's wrong, if I feel it's not right. If I feel I'm being treated unfairly, I'm gonna fight the system no matter how many resources I have to use. So that's why to me, when you say it, it it, I understand what you're saying from a hip hop perspective, but from a business perspective, I don't understand why you're not understanding his angle.


Right? Like you, you not gonna, if somebody, any, anything that anybody do to you, you're not taking the line down. Especially with the new knowledge that you gained over the years. You say you came up here and said it all the time, yo, if I would've read these contracts, if I would've understand what they were doing back there, I would've moved totally different. And then now we have somebody that listens to you that listened to everybody else and decided to move differently. So I would think that you, not from a hip hop perspective, but okay, I get what you're doing a lot of nigga 50 sues everybody. So my man shout to fifth niggas suing take niggas to court. And a lot of things you may look at like taking them to court for that. But it's, It is business. So that's, that's, that's just the confusing part when I hear you speak about it. Like you're speaking from a fan perspective. Like, yo, I love Drake.


I miss the old Drake. Don't do this because I'm a disc record king. But then I'm not speak, I'm not hearing you speak from the business side of how things could be put in place to destroy you. And that's just, that's the confusion for me when I when, when I hear you speak about it, If I smoke the weed and it's fentanyl in it, I I I face the repercussions. It's hard for me to empathize when you have been complicit with the system for so long and reap the benefits and gotten paid and gave everybody a ass to kiss and fucked everybody's girl and said, I'm taking a piece of your contract and I'm taking a piece of your contract and I'm not clearing this record.


And you take that record off of their like it's hard to empathize with somebody who's been down for the cause Again, above my pay grade for me, I've always been pretty transparent in where I stand in terms of independence and why. And that's no matter what. That's, that's a forever thing. I don't like going before a judge and the judge having the final say on what the rest of my life looks like. I don't like going to work and the them saying, Hey, if you don't have a song in the next 10 days, you're outta here. I don't like going to work and saying, Hey, we saw a blog so you're fired. Fuck you. I don't like complex firing me while I have a baby coming in the same week.


I, that's an uncomfortable and uneasy feeling for me. I'd much rather sleep with eating what I hunt and not missing what I never had. And for me it's worked out Cool. That's that's, that's for me with all of this shit that's happened. Maybe y'all could answer it. I still don't think it's transparent as to what Drake's end goal is. Like what he wants. I don't think it's transparent what anybody's been doing behind closed doors. Whether that's Drake or Universal. I think that, I think that if Drake went public with whatever information he has and told if he had proof of X, Y, Z going on, we might look at it in a different way.


It's possible to what Joe was saying before and to what Flip is saying, I think that Drake and Universal have always been buddy Buddy chummy. Chummy and now like Drake and LeBron, like Drake and DeMar DeRozen. You not doing what we was doing before. Our relationship has changed. And so now I'm looking at you like the op. I think that could potentially have happened or we See that it happened and now he on the offensive with a nigga that you might have been fly with before him and Lucian might have never had an opportunity for him to see the things from the perspective that you've seen him. 'cause he's never endured what you've endured. You wasn't the media darling that complex you were for a second until they couldn't use you No.


Until they couldn't use you no more and your information got up and you asked for something else. That might be where he is in his journey right now. I'm not knocking him. You Know what I'm saying? So how he responds to it, somebody would've said, could have potentially said, yo Joe did some bullshit. You would have admittedly said, y'all trying to burn this whole bitch down. You get what I'm saying? Like that might be where he is right now. I think the line in the Sand most Go ahead. Go ahead. Lemme reply. And when I, and when I do or when anybody decides to make those decisions, you get on the phone with your team or your attorney and if they're competent, plenty of times they said to me, Sit, sit your dumb ass down. No, No. They, they, they, your team, they supposed to advise you if you do this, this is what can potentially be the black, the the back blow.


True. And I think he might be willing to deal with it. And I think his arrogance level being where he is at a 40-year-old, a 30 something year old man, 40-year-old man. I think he might need to be shown though. Everybody never got punched in the face before Fan. And so until a nigga punch you back and they might hit harder than you. It's a lesson that you might have to learn in your, in your growth and in your journey. And, and does he, this might be the punch. And does he care anymore about, about being accepted by the court audience of hip hop, right? Yes. He does this shit, this shit change every day. I think he weird. Isn't, isn't he trying to like he doesn't engaged in the battle if he doesn't care about the hiphop? Yeah, yeah. No I get, I said anymore. I think he, he tried, he may try to be appealing to the younger audience.


They don't care about anything. All they care they don't care about shit. That song he just released didn't say I don't care about what they think about me. What do you, which one? The the little freestyle shit. He just did that. Don't say that. That freestyle shit. Yeah, I give A fuck. Oh you talking about the LeBron joint? Yeah. Oh yeah. Got it. Okay. And the one before that. Yeah, The whole scary Hours, all that shit I care. Yeah. It Was all chemist and conductors like Yeah, I care. And I'm gonna show y'all. We watch a lot, like I said with the new audience, new fans, the, the, the rules and morals and principles of Yes. The year are no longer true. That's true. Right? With the new fans, they don't give a fuck. Oh you aka six Oh they don't care. They don't care about that shit. They came home, got on the song.


They don't care about that. They May not care about a code but do you think that they care about what's considered Corny? No, they don't think so. They follow us And it ain't just the new fans either. Yeah, because I and I I I used to just let me finish, he right Ross being outed as a corrections officer bef in the nineties would've would've ended him. We didn't give a fuck because the slaps kept coming. It's a lot of crooked. I'm not saying it. I'm not. I know It is. It is a lot. I know It is crooks. I know It is. And if he, and if his ties I'm aware could, could dispel that. I'm not on that side of the law.


Ross could have got it off. He didn't even have to. Yeah, because they didn't care. That's my point. Yeah. Like the shit that we talking about right now, we, I think we a minority absolutely. Looking at this like some Karen shit or looking at it like you borderline ratting or snitching or whatever the case may be. I think we are a minority in that. And I think that also goes along with our age demo. I think that's also, we're a minority because of his popularity. I think if this was a much less popular artist, they would all be the same way. They jumped on gunner's back. But did they I didn. They did but then they did. We're we're in a minority because today we fans of hip hop. Yeah.


Today they fans of the person. Correct. True. So we riding with you no matter what. Right. That's, that's the difference today. A lot of they don't give a fuck. Like you could look corny. So what we going ride with you gunna sold out Madison Square Garden twice. It did. True. Yes. I don't know if they jumped on his back and he came home. He was home about six months. I want to jump, I want to jump in on you guys as minority conversation. 'cause I think all of that is contingent upon how you view the minority. Like y'all are just talking numeric and masses. Y'all are just talking numerically, right? And numbers And numbers. Yeah, numbers. But that isn't that where hip hop is today? It's about stop it. It's about numbers. But stop it for a second.


Let me think. My brain is fucking clustered. And that's my problem with the number one urban podcast that hip hop to some is not only the minority but very small, insignificant, urban black. Not a factor because of numbers. Right. And population and market share and all of that stuff. When I go get to talking, I argue the strength in that because of what culture and that minority dictates True. I agree with that. So yes, It is small but powerful.


Smaller minority. Right. But depending on how you view the strength of that minority, we are the ones that dictate. I'm speaking for my beliefs only right now. We are the one Well I'm saying y'all speak for Yeah. We are the ones that dictate what's flying, what's hot, what's fashionable, what can sell, what can we drive them numbers back there. We just not allowed to go back there in the room and have access to the fax machine. That's true. So I go back there and they try to, they're gonna always try to minimize you with Yeah. You're the number one urban or you're the number one in hip hop or your demo is only black up, up, up, up, up, up. If I go get to telling these black people what's going on and they get to making enough ruckus the same way every one of y'all companies and corporations see everything, every tweet, every reel, every y'all got y'all done design, tech and programs to watch everything that we buy, everything that we say, how we cuff our sweats, how we, y'all know what time It is.


I know what time It is when I go and bottega and buy some shit and the price went up for the last time I went in there. Yes. 'cause I done came in here and bought 17 of these motherfuckers and then went on my show. They did that shit to, I I know when the price spikes be happening and why they happen. I'm speaking only for my belief. So yeah, I speak for these black people. But do you have any other black people on your, on your network? What are you doing for black people? So yeah, the minority is powerful and strong. Yeah. Counterculture always has been a thousand percent regardless of race, race or gender or whatever it Was. A thousand percent. I agree with that wholeheartedly. It's small but powerful. I agree. Pause if pause is Too. And there's some people that don't view it that way. Listen, there's the team of of the the super wealthy, the all them niggas is being friendly.


They getting together now. They busting each other flowers, buying each other lunch. Fucking Elon and Jeff and fucking Zuck. And I imagine that that team is gonna grow with Trump and all of that. Listen, they, they, You know what I mean? I forgot the point I was getting at just now. Fuck. I forgot why I brought that up. Minority. Shit powerful. I'm just saying you gotta get the companies and find out what side of the fence they on. Like I'm making my business to find out how a company feels about a black person and a black person ascending. Now I'm off on a whole nother tangent, but It is a little bit related, right? Like and there's some that's gonna put a ceiling over you and look at you like you have the fucking audacity when you come in here.


And there's some that they're gonna honor certain things because It is a whole bunch of white people out there where, where we vibing off shared and similar experiences. I'm real fly with this white dude in the building. Shout to the people in the building listening. We got podcast fans in the Yeah that is real fly with this white boy from Bensonhurst. We ain't gonna talk about white or black. We got shared experiences and you got jumped over there. I got jumped over here. It was rough coming up. Your father had money, you left. It is just, It is shit. It's not about that. So again, off on a tangent, I don't remember how I got there, but important to find out how they will view you and that's gonna tell you how they going to view your reach, your communication, who you talk to.


Your ceiling. Yeah, your ceiling. Yeah. Man this shit hurts. Oh that was my good, that was my point. Get this shit off when you was talking about the Jay-Z shit. Jay-Z come from a different background. Absolutely it does. Jay-Z has always been a CEO, any nigga that's outside selling drugs. You are the CEO of your own company. You dictate what and how much money you can accumulate and you gonna also dictate the risks associated with your decisions. You going to dictate how to manage the money, how to manage the re-up, that's inventory control, all of that shit. You literally running your own corporation. So when you look at Drake, that's always been quote unquote coddled almost an employee, right?


He's not an employee but he al almost is an employee. 'cause he keeps taking the check just put and put in position, right? So now to shut you up, I'm gonna just give you more money and you gonna go away. So now I think he has enough money to where he might wanna step into the CEO shoes. And to your point, the audacity of you when I just gave you $400 million nigga to want to get a piece of this pie. No, your ceiling is here. You gonna stay a artist at all times and don't come looking for nothing else. And I think these may maybe some of the fights he's having now that JAY never had. Well, well I agree. And, and I put a little bit of this on him because we in the information era, right? True. I can see them saying that. Sure. True. I can see them saying that to him. Hey, you want to be a boss?


Congratulations. You won't do it here. True. So now you gotta go to like 50 didn't do it through music. Yep. Hov, they did a pie of where all his income is. He didn't, he didn't do it through music. Kanye didn't do it through music. True Puff didn't do it through music. True. None of the people that you could figure out that none of the examples that we have before Rihanna didn't through Rena didn't do it through mu nobody that's getting it today. Music is your opportunity and with that comes opportunity cost. It is going to be on you one day and to your point, maybe he's there right now, but it's on you one day to leave that comfy living room with the couch and the big screen and the masseuse and the charcuterie and get out there and, and get it down wi with all of who you Are.


True With all of your star power and your fucking Oh my God. I'm sad man. Well, This was the response from from UMG and it's from all you know, from all of hearing Glasses on Big mouth. Them readers put the readers on who they playing with. You don't really look like a library. Who they playing with? Big mouth. Hello Mr. Oh man. Shit. I'll take a book from her and they'll bring the books back. They'll bring the books back if Mel did big mail. All right, check it. Well the gloves are off. According to this, this response Is this new. It's all new. Everything is new. It's all new. Not only are these claims untrue, but the notion that we would seek to harm the reputation of any artist, let alone Drake is illogical.


We have invested massively in his music and are employees around the world have worked tireless tirelessly for many years to help him achieve historic commercial and personal financial success throughout his career. Drake has intentionally and successfully used at UMG to distribute his music and poetry to engage in conventionally outrageous back and forth rap battles to express his feelings about other artists. He now seeks to weaponize the legal process, to silence an artist's creative expression and to seek damages from UMG for distributing that artist's music. We have not and do not engage in defamation against any individual. At the same time, we will vigorously defend this litigation to protect our people and our reputation as well as any artist who might directly or indirectly become a frivolous litigation target for having done nothing more than write a song.


And that's yo every that's why I'm saying very well said. It is like every, everything universal Gimme It is, It is up and it's stuck. Yeah, It is not. Yo, let's amicably. Mm. See if we could, let's have a mediator. Let's see if we can rectify. They passed that. No, it's like passed passed All that fucked up. They, they seem they are passed it enough for you now, which is odd. No, I don't think so. Really? I don't think so. You don't think that they're tired of the brat? Just I Don't, I might Tantrums and stomping his fucking Feet. We done had them conversations and you the line is drawn. Yeah. Ain't no budget no more. Okay then nigga, it's up. Do what you gotta do. Yeah. You know how you talk to somebody like, all right, that's what It is. Alright, well fuck you. Do what you gotta do then. Yeah. Oh no. They call that best and Final Fi.


Hi. Its and best they call, they call that best and final. But I, I once that's said on the phone, let's all go to our corners, see what we with what we ain't, I think he got back that that best and final and didn't like it and had enough the same way and got mad. Like we all get mad and now I'm gonna go and I'm gonna go show you I eggs and no face. No face. Yes. No face. I didn't like that. No face yet. I I said it when it dropped. If no face would've came out with record sup with label support, circadian rhythm, record support. We that no face shit is hard. No Face is outta here, But poor Khaled don't know what to do for on the album. Yeah. That's the album I'm waiting on. We keep talking about Kendrick future weak and all this sudden that nigga, where is Callen's album Dirk going?


Everybody going, bro, We gonna see. And Dirk oh my Lord, man. And and You really tight. If you him, if he can't get out this deal, y'all still holding me and I don't want to be And we beefing what your thought. Yo, you over there gonna let you go. You over there feeling like a cage. We gave you half a billion dollars. You over there feeling like a caged bird mother. Oh you ain't, we turn it over, turn the contract over for life. Yeah. Like you over there. And I think that might be part of his plea too. I mean, yo, let me go. No, no. And that's my other line though. You frustrated. Yo. And again, this, this might be a, a culture thing or you might have missed this in your travels at some point you gotta learn.


If you learn how to win, you have to learn how to lose. How To lose. But he, You have to learn how to Lose. This is this is this. You have to, this is on track for him. No. If You learn how to win, you have to learn how to lose Dog. Even go down zone. Look, there's a such thing as, oh look, let me have you back. This won me one way. There's a such thing as losing gracefully. I know there's a such thing as after the loss. We go and we do the dab up the line and yada yada yada. Like, and if you just take the loss and you run back to the locker room, you start throwing shit, you hook off on somebody. Yeah. That's not how you lose Joe. The greats lose Gracefully and champ and the championship gods see again and again there spade gods, there's monopoly gods.


If you believe in the universe, there's gods to these things. And if you play bad, you get bad hands. If you lose bad nigga, we won't send a win in your direction If you believe in that. If you believe in that, I do. You gotta learn how to lose. I disagree. This is not how you lose. This is just a really bad, bad way to Move. Joe. Joe, you missing something? This is what he does. Go back to the Degrassi days. No, listen, Listen, listen. He was on the Dessy show and Shot his ass. Shot him in the wheelchair In the back. And you know what he threatened? He tried to rogue away Right. Action to get out the wheelchair. And do you know why?


Because he said, yo, I'm, I'm trying to rap and this is gonna make me look weak and rap if my character on TV's in a wheelchair. That's crazy that he doesn't think this makes him look weak though. But it worked though. They came, you know, that's what I'm saying. So if, if, if when I don't get my way Yeah, but it was such a small scale Back. Well that's part of the caring profile. Yeah, exactly. That's what that It is part of the caring profile. So this is who you've always been. Sue, Sue. This Ain't get my way. Get my way, get my way. This Ain't new. Yeah, but I mean shit. It Works. Ah, man. That's why I'm looking at y'all like, y'all crazy. It worked. Why? What did I say? I ain't never lost. So this is my, this is my go-to. I don't have to know how to lose. Michael Jordan is a sore loser. Kobe Bryant is a so loser.


Every nigga that's a great is a sore loser. Them niggas don't lose gracefully and they look at you like you crazy. If you lose gracefully, how dare you come back to this locker room and not be pouting. I Oh, I disagree with Michael and Kobe not losing gracefully. I totally disagree with that In the public eye at least. No, I feel like Kobe was very vocal about, Fuck that Kobe was in the gym that night. Both of them. Michael Jordan was punching niggas in they face in the locker room, bro. He was, it wasn't no losing gracefully for the niggas that are great, they don't lose gracefully. Joe Competitor, Joe competitor In the public eye. I think they lost more gracefully than what we Know really happened. No competitor me to death. Because you naming real competitors and they, the loss adds to what makes them great with what they do with it.


No, I agree with, that's all I'm Saying. No, I'm agreeing with that piece. But you said they moves gracefully. Nick Anderson took the ball, kicked Michael Jordan in the back. His ass whi scored and layup sent him home. No, he didn't do all of that. But Nick, they, they sent him on, they sent him on his way when he came back in his, in his return season. Hey, get the fuck outta here. You rusty bitch. That's what they did. And he came back and shit. Wasn't that the, that was the, the second of the three people. Second three, the second the first or the second Three people. Yeah. You got, you gotta take that. You lost. They came back and whipped the magic Ass. Yep. Did they beat the magic Ass? What Mike say? I took it personally. I'm taking It personally.


Dennis Scott, come on the court nigga Dog. When when, when the Lakers lost to Boston, Kobe said, yo, he was fucked up bro. Like he was fucked up. Like, yo, I coulda lost to anybody but them. Mm. I was fucked up To y'all. Gunna point. Listen LeBron walking outta Boston Garden in Cleveland, that that last game we was wanting to see the, the, the resurgent story from one of the greats. We wanna see the comeback. We saw the L Got it. Everybody had a slice for a year. Niggas got paid. They talk shit. They, they put SMU on your name. That comes with being great. We wanted to see the comeback story. The, the comeback, the, oh my God.


I'm sad. The L See and now I'm, I'm, I don't On your side A little bit with that because the L ain't over nigga. The Super Bowl, the biggest stage in the country is coming up and y'all still about to play this shit. He, this his summer. I'm, this his summer when we lost. Now I gotta go home. I gotta be in the gym from fucking, when the win the playoffs, he gonna Be in Australia. Look For the playoffs. The playoffs. This May the season start back in November. Kendrick done kicked my ass this summer. He gonna kick my ass this winter and I'm back in the gym. And I think that nigga got some shit in the gym. Sure. I think. I think so. Yeah. But will he pay for it? What you mean pay? Pay for this? Will He pay if he situation, if he has something that he feels confident in and has faith in, will he put them than Will He dig in his own pocket?


Yeah. Got it. Hire his own independent team to work and support this stuff. I don, it's, it's no longer, I don't know that it's no longer just, I don how work works. I don So you niggas that like to just show up to work. I know I got it. Price we coming? Hey, the just show up to work days are over. Yeah. You talking, I don't know. I don't know how that stuff works. Like the music business and all that shit. Is he allowed to do that with me and Time and Universal? Probably not. Probably can't do it. You get what I'm saying? Like is he allowed to do that? So at Some point you gotta do some fucking backdoor shit and figure some shit out. But If they keep suppressing Buting my backdoor shit I did, I did backdoor shit. Thatall Niggas is uploaded a hundred gigs. Come on my nigga. I drop over here on Instagram, whatever. Give nigga a little credit my nigga. I'm trying to come back from and, and take my L back or try.


I mean how Does this end, this ends With the humbling part. I'm sorry Mel. The humbling part is re recognizing when You up against a different opponent or When you need someone. Yeah. And The others like, guess what? I could go and not to keep using me 'cause again, above my pay grade, but I could go and do X, y, Z on my own and, and we pull out the calculate and see how much it'll cost me and I could do it or I could get with a partner who we kind of believe in each other's capabilities and they could help to offset some of this load that's on my back. True. The problem in his case is like y'all said, if he tried to do some other shit, get with a partner some backdoor shit, the times have changed.


Now everything is online. So with the push of a button, universal could strike whatever you do. That's hard. But there's Also the real world changed. Now you could do different shit. You could you Fucking Change. You Can. But we had but but hindsight I'm talking about right now. How does universe, how do you, how does he fuck, how do he, if I wanna put off some Give away free bootlegs on all his tours that he's been constantly going on for the past three. You could do a bunch of fucking sneaky fly shit that would actually look cool. Y'all got this one-on-one cd. It's on a fucking CDR or a flash drive or some shit. You could do some fucking backdoor shit. We're all just so addicted to this shit. Could, but that was Way, I know, but there is other ways there. But then you Gotta be on tour with another slave master.


You gotta be on tour with another slave Master. But you could be doing your own shit to build your old Shit up. Not even trying to be funny today. You giving nigga a cd. What you gonna play it on? If It's a Drake cd, I maybe not cd a flash drive, whatever the fuck It is. A little card with a fucking QR league. I don't care what It is. Yeah. Pops dog. You could humble yourself if you are in a contractual situation that you tried to get out of and cannot. The same way he humbled themself when they, when they took that petition down and it says the day before on the deadline he went, he called UMG and Spotify to say I'm taking this down. Do you guys agree that's a humbling thing that that is a change in position. You could go to your business partner humble and find something to say that says, for the duration of this contract, I'm going to we can, we're gonna meet in the middle.


I'm gonna give you what, what whatever you need, whatever they fighting about, he has to come up off of some of that just to end this. Because if he don't, they are gonna end him. I'm not saying it's right, I'm not saying none of It is right. But recognize who you in the ring with. True. Now when they say, alright cool, we gonna play nice. You signed this three album deal. Yeah, No, no, no, no, no. What I'm saying is not for a new signature. I'm under the premise of, I know I'm saying but for us to play nice, we wanna keep you here. We don't wanna let you go. We're not letting you fulfill the contract. You signed four more albums my nigga. You gotta sign four more albums for us to even come to the motherfucking Contract contracts mean things. So, okay, granted, if the label wants to say, Hey, you don't want to sign our new contract, we not keeping you hot or making you hot going into it Or letting you get yourself hot.


Okay, cool Sir. Or letting you complete it. No. See that's weird. That's weird. If We, bro, if if I got, If you got a deadline, if you don't got A deadline, if, if you owe me two albums, if you owe me two albums left on a contract and I say well we not dropping, you could have 15 albums done. We're not letting you drop the two albums to complete the contract. So I heard that's possible bro. I know an artist personally that this happened too. No, I believe he had one album left on the deal with Def Jam the album done. He Ain't, Drake Had the next album ready to go and they were like, yo do no we not dropping this unless you signed us with a two album. Okay, so I'm playing along with your premise. So somebody told me that's fee, hold on, I wanna go with no that can happen, right?


Like E one ain't want to gimme no money when it was my last album. They ain't want to pay for a single paper. Ain't nobody that labels do that shit. So I got that. And if that's happening then I would say that the fight is not, or not solely harassment and defamation 'cause you're spending money on a fight. That's a fight If, hey, I have been prepared to get out of this contract, I have these albums, they are not counting them. That would be listed in part of my fight is what I'm saying. You should fight that. I agree. I agree with you. If that was the case and You, you have all the, you fighting already. See, once you fighting already, let's fight like You, let's get the real fight out.


This you Have soiled the relationship. I don't really see a a let me not say never, lemme not say never. I don't, I don't see a return. But there could be a small beacon of hope or some loophole or a slither of light that's coming from somewhere. But this relationship currently as it stands is all the way, all the way down the toilet. Can I, can I say something? So Get all your fights out the way. If they're stopping you from completing your album, which we've heard rumors about stopping them from completing this contract, then do something about that. I agree. I think this again, it's just a desperation thing about the Super Bowl. What up? No, in closing for me, I feel we know somebody that's person that's personally that completed all their obligations but would not be let out of a deal that lasted for a long time.


And I wanna be careful what I say. And because the street codes and principles they would not take, they would not or will not sue or take it to court. And that's where I'm conflicted at. Right? I, I do wanna live by the street, but I know somebody personally in a, in a deal that is complaining and calling and the nigga just won't let him out no matter how many years passed. He just won't let no, I'm not, I'm not budging. Even one of the partners say budge. No, I'm not budging. Like these things happen, especially when you come privy to more information. So artists, every day we in an era of learning different things, re re reading things and saying that, okay, I was at this point in my life when I signed this and I made you guys this amount of money and then now I feel like I want to be treated fairly or I want to be out this And there are some people that stand strong.


No, we're not. I'm not letting you out that shit. No. You know somebody right now and I just have to respect the game. But it just clicked in my head that this is happening every day, all day. See my take on that and I I it's, it's my upbringing a little different is the streets and business ain't the same thing we're saying you're trying to into we had put the but you said they came into it here. That artist that you're speaking about, are they still in the streets? No. No, but you're trying to adhere to street rules? Well, when y'all talking business, no, when I street rules mean that yo, I want to get outta this but I'm not gonna sue you guys 'cause of how it'll make me, will make me look. That's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about For me just to make my point clear.


Got it. I'm not mad at Drake or any artist in the world beefing with a label. Got it. Fighting with a label or suing a label for Drake. I'm mad at what he is fighting. Yes. With this label about I'm mad at how he's going about it and I'm mad at what it stems from. Got it. I'm With you Drew. That's it. Alright. That's it. Same. If he's fine with all of the criticism that is gonna come from the move, then who the fuck is anybody else to say, Hey dog, you a bitch, you corny. What will you do? It is Like listen, especially if he gets his his his desired outcome. Yeah. Whatever that is. And I ain't pretending to know, I ain't pretending to know he could want to get away from them.


He could want to get more money from from them. He could want, I don't, I don't know. He could just Wanna block this shit from the Super Bowl Or he could just want That. It could Just be that. It could just be that. Got it. Could just be that. And the only way to do that is legally, I don't know. We'll see, I was, I was hoping that Drake Kendrick stuff wouldn't permeate my 2025. So same didn didn't wanna talk about this or I didn't, the fans would've had my ass if I'd have came in here and said, Nope, I don't give a fuck. Oh yeah, I thought about it and I ain't, I don't want them kicking my back in. I'm, I think our Conversation was good. It was great. I love our conversation. I'm just, I just, I'm, I'm, I'm having real, real life affair.


I'm sad. I'm sad for real. I feel like when I cry for De las soul, I don anybody don't love this shit to say, I don love this shit. I can't believe that we are here right now. They got, I'll be 45 anyway. I guess that's the age when You bring money into that shit dog. All of the passion and shit like that starts to get questioned because money is the, the the most important motivator in all of this shit. When you start, when you label it business at that point, the, the, the nature of business is to turn the profit. And so it becomes fucked up. Alright, well listen man, it's time for my favorite part of the show and what a great time it comes at prize.


All right, it's playoff time, which means it's now or never. That also means please don't forget to use promo code JJBP. Please don't forget that. Also, don't miss out on the best place to win real live cash money. Cash money. Record real live cash money while you are watching the playoffs and you can now win up to 1000 times your money only on PrizePicks. Who's playing this weekend? Bills Ravens. We got Oh gimme Josh Allen for everything. Gimme Josh Allen and Lamar o Lamar owe them and Lamar Jackson for everything. It's gonna be a shootout for sure. Yeah It is. Eagles ram. They're going. Eagles Rams Eagles Ram.


I'm going Josh Allen for more than he got. He gotta throw it. They ain't going this one of 'em games. They gonna iso James Cook. Move. Hey move James Cook. Gimme Josh Allen for more than 300 yards. Yep. Gimme Lamar Jackson. Oh, Buffalo's run game is weak. Cooks nice. I mean not no, not their run game. Their run defense. I'm sorry. Oh, okay. Okay. Their run defense is weak. Any fantasy running back that was playing against the bills. Oh man. Last time they played Kaiser had Derrick Henry first play the game. 89 yards. Yeah. Gimme Derrick Henry for more than 80 Rush yards. Easy, easy, easy. Who else? Y'all set his playing Chiefs Texans. Jesus. For the Texans to be competitive, Nico Collins.


Nico Collins will have to do something. He got to gimme Nico Collins for more than 70 receiving yards. The Chiefs are playing. Yeah. Jesus. Yeah. Gimme Pat Mahomes. Yeah. Yeah. Don't say gimme pat. Gimme Pat Mahomes. Does Kelsey show up? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Oh yeah. That, that Texans defense is good. Gimme Pat for more than Yeah, but he gonna have to toss stars and stars bro. Gimme Pat my owns for more than 250 pass yards. I'll tell you the game where the, the real points are gonna be scored. Is that Commanders fucking Lions game? Yeah, they will. Oh gimme Terry McLaughlin. Gimme Terry McClaren McClaren for more than 80 receiving yards. I might do, I might do Six Bigs and gimme Jayden Daniels just because he ain't failed me all year.


Rush, gimme Jayden Daniels. I'll take him for more than 60 And I'm taking both of the running backs from Detroit. 'cause the Commanders don't have the greatest of run defenses either. Whatcha McCall his back? Who's the second running back? Oh yeah, he might not be back. He's hurt. He's outta here. He's hurt. Yeah, you're right. He's Hurt. Give me Gib is Jameson Williams might break away for a long one. Yo, this is Get money weekend. I ain't gonna lie to you. Bottom line. This is Get Money Weekend. Please use promo code. JBP if you download the app. Tanner says he's back. Huh? Tanner's alliance fan. He says he's back. Montgomery? Yeah. Yeah. Montgomery's Back. Alright, Walter a Hey millions of listeners take Tanner's word. I know you don't know him, but Tanner says he is back. That's what It is. If you download the app today and use promo code JP p you get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup.


I repeat, please download the app today and you will receive $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. And don't forget to use promo code JBPP. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game. Alright. Flip. Yes sir. What were we talking about? We were talking about Why somebody wouldn't let somebody else out of a recording contract or whatever production company contract or any contract you have if you are fly with 'em and have been with 'em for 20 years. Yeah. After. So, after so many years after coming up together with them. And if they call you about like 25 or 30 years later after reviewing their contract and saying, yo, After 30 years you reviewed your contract after 30 Years.


Right? No, I'm just saying like, well just trying to find loopholes and asking to get out of it. I feel like you should accommodate them. Especially Based on what Time, loyalty, friendship. You listen all things that don't work in business. Yeah. But when we sign, when when I sign off first, that's what you're presenting to me. You're presenting those options. Loyalty, friendship, time. I'm presenting a business contract. It's Not true. They put, they put Nate on the hook when you go fishing. Yeah. But then it's fucked up. Right. Then, then, then you, We gotta get, we gotta get the fish outta the water. Smoke and mirrors a lot Joe. There's a lot of smoking mirrors.


That's the Music business. And niggas use love. And and this is, and this is why, this is why the new age, the new age content creators or new age artists is winning because there's no more morals or principles. And even if you try to implement them, niggas negate them. They forget about it. I forget about all that. I'm if, if I was going through something, if I was signing to you for a long time, I would want to call you years later if something could happen for me. If I can't, if I could make another move, I would wanna quit. Yo Joe, listen, it's been a long time bro. So I'm Gonna let you go. Do Me a favor, can you let me Go? Wait. I'm gonna let you go and watch you make another move. Let me ask you. Well how Wouldn't you, lemme ask you a question. You're making the move yourself. Why would I do that Flip? I don flip. Yes. So I let you out of the contract.


Yes. So I can go feed my family. So you could go feed your family. Yes. And I'm taking money out of my family's mouth. Yes. 'cause you made all the money already. I went to web fucking six, seven years later when I didn't have a pot to fix. He told me you did That shit. Everything was out the window. I didn't see how anybody could even view me as profitable. And I'm like, yo dog, it's over. Yo. Let me out. And he is like, why would I do that? I put this amount of money in you. I was, I bought the studio equipment. I was picking the records. I fought with the DJs, I ran around radio stations. I did all of this shit for years and, and I ain't really make no money back. So why would I let you out?


I was like, well I guess you wouldn't. Yeah, but that doesn't make it right. I mean, Webb told me that on the phone and he said, how proud of you you found another way and you found a way to make it happen. Joe. I did the same thing that I just said. The blueprint was laid out before us. The the, the people that I see make it happen. They did it outside of music. But what if you, okay, so then, then what You're saying, if I were to stay in music, I owe fucking who I owe, I owe some shit down musically. I probably owe some s slowdowns albums. I probably owe, owe Empire album. Did my publishing deal. Oh, it's finished now. Salute. Salute. But shit, 20 years in the pub deal. I got, I got people that was fly that I met up there. Shout out to Jessica Revere all the people that was working in that building.


Hey, y'all have made all the money, or at least get me some money or let's just end this so I could go really feed my family. No, You know, you know what, you know what bothers me a little bit. I get it. But it seems like somebody who was so headstrong, once you got in position, you end up conforming to the same rules that was implemented that we were against. Yeah. I'm, I'm one of the only ones that don't conform. I say that all the time. What I mean By conform, mean example. Yes you do. The example is me talking. I don't sign off my rights. I don't sign off my likeness. I don't just willingly relinquish Things. I'm not talking about that Joe. That's what I, I'm I'm probably saying the wrong thing. What I mean conform is that you're now speaking from the other side, other side of the table.


That's what I meant. I don't mean conform. You're speaking from the other side of the table, which is like, why would I let you out? But when you were the artist, when you were going through that, you would hope that a web and Nitty would say, yo, all right 'cause I love you 'cause we, we 'cause we gave you these promises, I'm gonna let you out. You would hope that You keep, you keep kind of making that point you did a little bit earlier. I'm continue to highlight the difference is if you are complicit in the system, then that's on you. Okay? Yeah. I, from year three or four was trying to find a way outta this shit to never return. Because, because it wasn't acting in your favor. I was unhappy. I know I was happy, I was unhappy.


It is not what I wanted to do. I wanted to bet on me at all times. I understand if I had an album, I wanted to be able to just drop my album. I didn't want nobody telling me, Hey you, you can't do this. You can't do that. We control your shit. I didn't want that. It don't feel good. Some people want that. What I've learned, And I said this before in this podcast, It is most the people that I'm preaching, preaching to the good fight of in independence and a union and unity and the power in numbers. They wanna be in the situations that they in. They don't Want that shit you talking about. It's a safety, it's a comfortability. It's more risk involved bro. It's a safety and comfortability in getting a check every week. It is facts. Niggas can say whatever the Fuck they want, wanna get up and out the comfy living room and go make it happen.


So I'm not gonna try to convince you. And I know that when I do try to convince you, if you hide enough, somebody is on the other side offering you way more than something that is undeniable for you to feed your family. We come from poverty. So I could be telling you, hey, from experience, hey, do it yourself. Do it yourself. Do it yourself. Get it out. Get out the mud. If somebody else come and say, yo, here go a million dollars right now. Here go 2 million here go five, $10 million. Yo, I'm not gonna be mad at nobody for making the best decision for them. Lemme Ask this. But I also understand how the game is played now that I was a part of it. Fell victim to it, fought my way out of it. And now watch from afar. What If you were in a production deal, right?


And then every deal you tried to go get what if you're in a production deal, then I guess I'm saying it right. And if you try to go get a new deal, the people that have you in a deal from a long time ago is still eating off of you. Yeah. And eating a big chunk. No, bam. No, I invested in you. You wouldn't be able to production. You invested in me years ago and you made that money back and you made more than that. Man. That's not what a production, that's not Deal is. I'm saying am I saying the wrong thing for You? No, no, no. I'm saying if you're in a production deal, then that's what you are agreeing to. You're naming a production deal is you're gonna ca we are gonna be, we are ca we're gonna build you and carry along with whatever deal you go get popping.


'cause we're the production deal. We're not a label. If you sign to a label, you can't go sign to another label. True. We're the production company. We're gonna develop you, build you up, make you a star for the label and for the brands to come fuck with you. What if you no longer have a hand in making me a star? What if you no longer have a hand that there's No such thing as that. When I made you the star, I made you the Star joke. Oh, here Joe. You understand what I'm saying? But yeah, I I'm responding to you. Yeah, yeah. You right. I agree With you. I made you the star. I'm agreeing with you, but I get the other side. I get it too. But yo, there's listen to this, right? Let's just say hypothetically, hypothetically yeah. If Jay-Z signed Rihanna to a 360, you can't become Rihanna that owns Fenty, which is a billion dollar brand.


Yes. If I never had umbrella, I I'm with you. You understand what I'm saying? I'm with you that, yeah. So indirectly that person is still responsible for some of all of your ongoing successes because if I never put you in front of the spotlight before then you don't get it. You never become this. I don't, I get it. I'm not saying I don but then everybody suffers. Right. So I'm no longer gonna make music or get the deal. So you can like, everybody suffers except the person that put their money out their pocket the first time to make you a star. I'm gonna keep recouping some money because if it was none, not for my money, you wouldn't have what you got today. And I don't think everybody suffers. I think you the only one that Suffer. Suffer. Yeah. You might be the person that suffer. You Gonna be the, you gonna be the only one that's gonna suffer. Yeah.


A manager can manage his whole life. Yeah. An artist can't artist his whole life. That's true. A production company can go find anybody and do this same thing again. Unless you're outlier like a whole board. You know the 1 0 1 Drake, Drake is a one of one. But other than that, the game, the game is the game. Do you, do you feel like, do you feel like when a artist decides that they no longer want to be attached to the production company, right? Do you feel like that's a mistake or you should just always just go along? Circumstantial. Circumstantial. Got it. I think it's circumstantial. I think that there's some marriages that seem to work right? Like there's a lot of production companies that act as a TDE for whatever the artist is.


And It is, It is silent and they they do it, they work and you kind of want that. You, you recognize the benefit of the relationship. There's some where there some, a lot of production companies that don't do shit. But, but we, we have the contract. But do you, Do You think it predator, do you think it's predatory Joe? Like music Business is predatory. I don't think those contracts are predatory because again, you don't, you didn't get to that next step without this company taking you in there. I I like, I look at trap door in it. I don't think that because you helped me when I was 20 Exactly when I was nothing. You should on me when I'm 40. Thank you. I don't think that that's what I'm saying. I think, I think, I think it's nuanced and I get it. If I put my money out my pocket, I put you on a diet. I put you with the nutritionist.


I paid them, I put you with the stylist. I got your X, Y, z done. You were not that When I walked, when you walked in my office, you had a voice. When you walked in my office, I made you a brand. I'm supposed to reap the benefits of my hard work. I still don't think though that I should be owning your ugh for the next 20 or 30. But what if it's a fair deal? Hold on, lemme ask you a question. Well if it's fair then it's fair. 'cause I don't think other people but what makes it a fair deal? Like a low percentage or something like that. Yeah. What if they just get a small cut of everything after they're out? It is a piece out of the equation. Im getting a piece every day. Just get a little piece. I was gonna ask y'all, do you think that jazz Prince should be getting money off of Drake today? He was the one who discovered Drake.


He was the one who called Wayne and said, yo, I got this nigga right here. This nigga's ill, I'm gonna bring him in. You need to holler at him. You need to hear this nigga. Yes. And that was what, oh five or something. I Doubt the jazz Man. I do think so. And I think that, I think that's the You say no wait, wait, lemme answer. I don't think so. You say no. Really? I think the time passed already. I think I made you enough money man, I, I can get 'em to go do it my own. Do You think that every deal should have an expiration date? I do. Yeah I do. That's I was about to say that I do because unless it's understood from the beginning. A lot of times when we making this deal, niggas make these deals say I don dunno if anybody actually makes the deal and says that's fucked, fucked the whole perpetuity thing like upfront. That's usually the finest of define way. No, I understand but I I just feel that what the lawyers of lawyers You go get with your lawyers.


Yeah I agree that this business is predatory. And what I mean by this is we, we target, they target now we they target the younger acts and there's ageism in this shit. So yes, but you have to go pay your attorney. You have to go pay your business accountant, your business manager, your road manager, your production companies. Sometimes niggas try to keep the money from the production company. Lord knows I did. Sometimes you gotta pay the people. What you'll learn is an art and most artists don't want to pay nobody. True, true, true. Most artists think they should get facts. 100%. I did all this. The pie, all of this is because of me and that's it.


But if you a artist trying to make it, let's say you got away from the production company. Yes. In your next phase you have to pay for services. Still true. That money that the production company was taking for their service, if you don't pay a Ford Services, you ain't getting them true. You're not just taking this money and putting it in your pocket. That's True. It's like in my, in my field property manager, yo dog, when somebody's managing your property, you might be giving them a commission. It's months that they don't do shit. But then it's months when it might be three feet of snow outside and they get the snow going. I understand. And you ain't have to get out your bed. It's times where the grass be up here and the nigga cuts the grass and you don't got get out of bed.


It's a service that you paying for. I understand. You know what I'm saying? And so you getting optimum rent because they are doing a service for you Y'all. I get it. Y'all artists out there to who this applies to all them times. Did you pick up your phone to express either a grievance, an idea, a thought, an action that needs to be executed? Those ain't just phone calls When you pick up the phone to call your lawyer. I hate them fucking invoices. Them niggas charge you on 15 minute increments. 20 minute incre A lawyer. When, when Lizzo or somebody, when somebody pick up the phone with a problem with they Uber Eats order and want to get in touch with the owner of Uber Eats.


Hey I'm gonna send a tweet but contact Uber Eats and let them know. Contact Delta Airlines. Yo let them know that the airport treated me unfairly. You calling in somebody with the pull to do this and get anytime an artist wants somebody to get something done, It is a service. Good point. Pay for it. True. Got it. And that's how I feel. That's true. That's how I feel. I still think it should be a time a a, a terminating point on a bunch of these contracts. Joe. You gotta work your way out of it. Like I agree with both of y'all on the jazz Prince Point. Yes. I think Jazz Prince should still be compensated. He should be compensated the whole ride or you Buy your Way out. Yes, True.


And it's been enough years to where listen, Drake has successfully for all we know handled the jazz prince shit. Young money, Young money, cash money, cash money. Oh that one too. Whomever his OVO shit with these people and Uni Universal's the final boss. Universal is the chess master now. But he had successfully done these things. This one, this one will be a bit more difficult. Sure. I wish him all the luck in the world. I'll save the audience from from personal jabs at the band, like all of that. You a bitch and you like, y'all know where I'm from.


You know what I think I spent all last year telling y'all what I think about some of the behavior. This is sad to me. This is sad to me. I'm wanna play outstanding or something. Yo prayers to all parties involved, right Ice. Yeah, that's it man. Thoughts and prayers. Yeah, thoughts and prayers. Yeah man, You gotta read them contracts for That. That's it. Drake's outstanding My first night here and this girl right here, what she knows.


So I'm going through the the purse I don trust but that's just a result of me paying attention to all these women that think like men with the same attention talking stripper and models to try to gain attention. Even a couple porn stars that I'm ashamed to mention. But we see son of my only role models having Jordan. That's why I walk around with all on and every time I run into these, alright we get back to it, We get back to it I promise. And some s Little shout Out to those just now Up this point out to. But it's whatever. If somebody make a day I'm s like, Yo you're lying if you say you ain't gonna miss this guy word.


I don't give a fuck. I know y'all new fans out there is trying to act like all the latest slaps is the same slaps you are lying to me if you're telling me you not gonna miss this guy. Miss him already been missing him. Fuck we talking about? Same. That's what I thought on that last shit he put out when he, when he was like I got a body double. I was like shit. That's what the fuck I pinch saying that is not me. Yes nigga. No go get you. Oh my Lord man. Go get you. It's crazy. What else we got that is important. Unimportant. Is there anything else in music y'all wanna talk about the assaults? The OGs is OG and boy which one you wanna start with?


Restoring the feeling for real. Play around. Nah, play around with these niggas if you I don't like that. I Don't either. I'm just joking. I like Method Mans. I don't like Busta Rhymes. No his Yeah, The Situation. Yeah I love him. I don't like what he did. What meth did I, I get it. Oh yeah. Meth. Allegedly. Allegedly His daughter's ex Allegedly At Crunch Fitness. Yeah. Crunch Fitness and crunched him in the face. And I think that even that's very method man being at Crunch Fitness in the morning. Is that who I think I ain't in life shit. I ain't in Lifetime. Yeah. Oh yeah nigga I'm from the bottom. I'm in Crunch nigga. Is that what? 29 99. Was there a reason given as to why he punched him in the race? That's it's just His daughter's Ex and he sometimes, Sometimes there ain't no reason you don't need to give her we Ain't talking about it.


Okay. Sometimes I tell the media why Mary fistmas you Up sometimes when I read enough in just seeing that it's his daughter's ex from over a decade ago and she's 28. That's It. Yeah. That was enough for me. That's it. Some sometimes the punishment tell you what the crime was. Okay. Method man catching you in Crunch Fitness and punching you nine times seven upside your head seven times. Seven times. That's what they Reported. You Know you getting two more? Yeah. Yeah. Kick. Come on, come on. Nah you 5% you gonna game him seven. Him seven, You know what I mean? Nah, you take this seven. Go Ahead. Yeah. And told him today's math nigga. Yeah. That was all I needed to say. Oh yeah, I'm with him Dad being a dad. That's right Girl Dad.


Yeah. Okay. Whooped His ass. Yeah. So shout to Met Man to, I have no problem with catching somebody in Crunch Fitness and putting the beats on him. Yeah. Busta Rhymes however, beating his fucking, you can't beat up your sister. A 50-year-old assistant Yeah. Is not quite the same to me. I didn't realize your sister was 50, He was 50 years old. Oh Yeah. Bust on. I'm about to say hold on now. Bus the 50. Somebody say he was on the phone at work or some shit. 50 something. The article read. I ain't mad at two 50 year olds getting, getting shaken. Busta might be 50 But two 50 year olds didn't get it shaken. One 50-year-old assaulted somebody and they ran down the street. Down street. Why they wanna shake back Joe, Stop then.


That's not two people getting shaken. I'm I agree with you. No you, I'm just saying there could be and you, Hey yo, you gotta Keep your eye on the, the 50 plus year olds that get it shaken. Yeah. Like there's 50 year olds that be like, yo I'm 50, I'm 50 now. Nah, a lot of these 50-year-old niggas that came from the time hit with the dead on that came from the time when you had to put your hands up. They, they come from that. Which means if for me, if you violate them you will. You will learn. You will know. I'm talking about the 50 plus year. Exactly. You Don't Nah, I'm talking About the 50 plus year olds that are initiating Oh violence got got you.


Gotcha. Out there. And I'm not saying that that's Busta Rhymes, the assistant would say it's Busta Rhymes But you might have caught that assistant doing some bullshit. The assistant didn't make PTA another case of bad PTA or scenario or what's it gonna be? Put your hands with my eyes can see you put him. Yeah. Now he did he put him, He Did. So hopefully the assistant as well. That's funny. Hopefully all parties are well except for the the ex-boyfriend though. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not with that. I'm not with that. That's my take. Yeah, That's it. Yeah. Salute. That's my take on that Salute. I I wanted that split star was there kicking in there.


I don't think Split Star was there kicking Yo. Yeah I hear the Supreme Court upheld it. The TikTok ban is officially going into effect Sunday Unless sold. I've heard varying. Yeah I've heard, I heard that. Varying stories. They're not doing nothing and and Trump is gonna try to save it. I don't know what the fuck's going on. I know my wife found some other, there's some new shit that they Found. Oh, some new Afterwards. There's a new app? No, there's a new app that's like, Oh yeah Some other shit. The Chinese Red, Red, Red, red note. Chinese people are mad. Who own Who? They over there crying because Chinese, the white people came Chinese. Chinese. They came over there and they started trolling.


Wait what happened? No it's not that they started trolling. My barber was telling me the Chinese people are mad and they're making videos crying because white people have invaded Red note. That's what's going on. But some of 'em are being like welcoming like come on. Americans like nah you Cool over here? They're writing in Chinese and they showing pictures of them crying on, on Twitter tight like leave us alone. You came over here with your same shit. I don This red note is not Chris Christopher Columbus' behavior. You came over, well come over came colonize tight. Discover Beijing, get your fucking ass out. He can't see it. Hawaii. Put your Nina and your Penta. Get the fuck out my country. You know they Joe, you know they upset Joe.


What your barber told You Joe. He was really excited about that ret note. He said he likes it a lot. Said a lot of the people that really enjoyed TikTok or we're sad to see it go, found an alternative and they they enjoy just the Same. Yeah, REM said all her little people that do the book clubs and all that shit on TikTok, it's a big deal. Apparently they're all over there. So she's like I'm good on Red Note. Yeah, They moved it Red Oak. So What's the DII thought it was so the Red Note is owned by Chinese people as well? I believe so, yeah. Yeah. It is not English. No, I'm just saying but once it's the argument. This was a Chinese owned brand. Yes. That posed a security risk. Correct. Yeah. So we just transitioned to a different Chinese owned brand. Yeah, Yeah. I just finished saying that people will relinquish their rights and want to be there.


People volunteer to do these things. Yeah, he said that. I just said that And maybe they don't take as much data or something. I don't know. Maybe, probably not. Well why do Chinese are mad though. That's the funniest shit bro. They, they, they are tight Ish. Get out. You heathens get not saying that but that's what they saying. Yeah, on x get out. My barber thought through, he found a friend in me. He was like, yo man, you, you use TikTok. No, no, No. Never had it. Never downloaded it. I watch the TikTok joints when they make it to other platforms and, and I got my girl login Just in case. Yeah. Yeah.


Which doesn't make for the best time during breakups either. I bet not. Stupid ass me. We had broke up but it was a light breakup. We knew we'd be back together in like five days but she won attention. So every time we break up she gotta go put on some video and go out and shake her ass and tit somewhere and she gonna film it right in the bedroom in front of a little stupid mirror and she gonna post it somewhere so I could see it. But she posted a TikTok link on Twitter. Ah. And I was in bed miserable and sad. I clicked the TikTok link. You can't get in buddy. You can't get in. Click the TikTok link can't get in. They asked me a series of questions. I answer 'em, I get in three minutes later.


She sent, she sent me a text with the code that is in her phone. Nah, she She said, she said yo dog. Here go the code in case she's looking for size. I didn indeed. I have it, I have it. Thanks. I'm in it. I'm in it. Thanks. Y'all cold. You looking for Big Dog? That's funny. That's hilarious. No, y'all skipped the major part. What was that? They asked me a series of questions. No, the the prompts the prompt. Yeah. You gotta fucking person match the car whatever's there and then they, then they let you in. But It is send the email. Oh I thought it was, who was your dog in third grade? No. Nah. Oh That I, that's, I thought it was too. I thought that'll make you a fucking creep.


Oh you thought I Don That was the Capcha, the cap. The Capcha. The Capcha shit. Wait, that's what you thought about me? Wow. You talking to me bro. You might know where she went to elementary school and what her favorite food is. Like what? Elementary. That's girl. They would have that conversation. Elementary. Alright. Ally the record. I don't know nothing about my girl as it doesn't pertain to me. I don't know where she would You don't, you don't Know each other their favorite color Joe. No. Stop. I'm joking right now. I was say song. You still talking to me? Yeah. Favorite song? That sound good? Her favorite song is Barry White. She thinking though all the security question answers nigga you ain't fooling nobody. You didn't hear the story. The nigga got past the second password on the phone.


I didn't know they had a possibility of a Who said that? Oh, back in the day. Yeah. Oh. Oh he is unwavering. This nigga takes to another level bro. I used to be off, I used to be off and back. Back before they had advanced the tracking systems and you had to just drive to her job and hide in in the car and wait till she get off. Duck. You gotta Duck in and and then she starts speeding. You start speeding. Stupid ass bitch. I got caught at the light no license. She's zooming. I'm stepping down. Fucking you guys. She's getting yo. Oh I did all that sicko shit. Listen Joe did that. So hopefully you all have to go through that.


Sure. Got something wrong With you. And we grow, we listen and we don't judge Up Shit. And we grow. You Still crazy. You still bo Out? No I'm not. Joe, stop it. No I'm not. You just Met somebody crazy than you and I Love it. I love to your match. Watch you stuck. You Shada is your match bro. You met your match? Yeah. For 44-year-old Joe. Yeah. She couldn't fuck with 30 old Joe. Nah, that's not you. She could popping up on you nigga like that. That the way she be popping Up. I think she would've had a hands full with 33-year-old. 34-year-old Joe. But okay, I'm in settle down mode. I'm in. That's what they say now. Right. He much calmer now I'm gonna give her, I'ma give him that. I know you much calm. You woulda gave her a headache. Yeah. I ain't even trying. She have More frequent fly miles than anybody in the anymore Carmen San Diego type shit.


Flying around trying to catch your eyes. We was, we was Starless. Yo look your Joe. I oh shit Joseph. It is funny to me. I Love it. I let my man It is funny. That's funny. I let her do it for 20 minutes. She ain't put that phone up yet. Yo. That's crazy. No, I'm, no, I'm, I swear I'm looking at this TikTok band stuff. I swear to God I'm looking at this TikTok band. Let's go show these niggas that you, there you go. But you got the up shit man. Where you press up and go to the, the different section. Shut Up. Okay Bro, you my shit out. Do the swipe up real quick man. You want to tell us about your findings?


I mean it's a whole lot of nothing. You Didn't put your reading glasses on. Like, tell us what, what's Happening? I'm trying to So you imagine Since you're reading for 20 minutes, like what'd you come up with to pod That? That was why it took me 20 minutes. 'cause I don't have my fucking readers on. But What happened? What did they, what did they say? They're just basically saying that the law takes ton fuck off. Said why Man, Gimme this fuck off. I'm Not lying. You legend. I'm not lying. You're lying about lying. I, I'm not. She's the legends. Huh? Yo Read what's on my phone. No. Right now. No, because Let read what's on my phone. It is not gonna support what you're saying right now. So what were you reading and thinking about something else? Because you just said this shit on the surface.


She over here in box. No, but the thing is let her read it. January 19. That's a good one. Ice. Okay. Anyways, what else? What else, what else, what else? Okay, what else? What else is going On? Did y'all see, well hear Wendy on the breakfast club. Yes I did. I didn't hear it yet. No, but I actually set an alarm 'cause I wanted to hear the whole, I don't ever listen to the radio, but I wanted to hear the whole thing and and how was ice? She did sound, She sounded good. I mean, sounded, sounded coherent, distressed and all that shit. But she sounded good. She sounded, yeah, coherent. Coherent I guess guess is a good word. Co After listening, I, I mean I'm not an expert or anything. I don't think she needs that guardian guardianship shit that they have her in.


This Looks really bad for the judge and for the Guardian. She like, she's up there like, dude, they control like if I, if I, if you don't call me, I can't even call out. Yeah, they got rid of, of the cats. Yeah. She was like, they someone has to unlock my door for me to walk out. Like she described this shit like she's literally in jail. Yeah. Some fancy Jails. What she described As, and then she's saying the people that she's on the floor with are really having, you know, like mental problems. She's like, I don I shouldn't even be here with these people. It was fucked up. Yeah. She Said it was real fucked up though. She, if, if she made it sound like she was like in a convalescent home where everybody was like around like 80 and 90 and that sort of thing. But she also indicated by what she didn't say that there was a lot she could not say for legal reasons.


So she had her niece on the phone with her and obviously she's had a lot of conversations with Charlemagne so she relied on her niece and for Charlemagne to say the things that she couldn't say. Got it. Yeah. So, but the thing, the thing that most people took away from It is that she did sound very co coherent and so it just kind of made you wonder about all the reports that were coming out about the dementia and and whatnot. What We saw. I think when people see stuff it hits harder. The a e documentary. Yeah. And when they had that documentary on, she did not look well she didn't, in all fairness, I'm not trying to, we just having conversation. Yeah, they talked about that too during the interview. Yeah. I think that like when you go to court sometimes you don't ever sit with the judge dolo.


Right. You get what I'm saying? Like you don't sit with the judge. So whoever hires the best attorney, that's the depiction that they're gonna give you. In your case. I'm telling you even with your case, if that film was not available to be seen, my nigga, now it's at the who could present the argument the best. You get what I'm saying? You get what I'm saying. So true. If she never had an opportunity to sit with the judge, they got this big ass a and e doc that's showing her not seemingly in the best light and in the best state of mind, then the judge is gonna be like, all right, cool. I'm gonna rock with this. You a couple. I don't know the process. So y'all correct me if I'm wrong, but there should be some level of experts on each side to at least evaluate you and there should be a re reevaluation period.


Period or something when it comes to this. Because the person I heard on the radio, like I said, I don't think that person, you watch the doc, I saw the doc. You talked about the doc here. Remember we did. Now one thing I will say, she did get a little confused at times in, in on the interview. Yeah. Like she'll, she quieted everybody so she could talk and then got a little jammed up or confused and was just like telling her niece, yo, you, you talk, you talk, you talk. But she still seemed in right mind though. The way they made it seem like It is, she don't know what day It is and what's going on. And the reason why I think she said for her niece to talk is because again, the legal issues that she can't speak on, you know, so, but it just really, And she has a family that loves her.


So why am I in this? Yeah. Like I have family members that are coherent. They're able and willing, this is all the information they can take care of me up until my final days. Well what's going on here? Yeah. Surely there must be some at-home care that you could get that Would like she's allow her to live a, I say Relatively mobile was there saying how she was trying to get down to, to Florida to Miami where her family is. Okay. She's For her dad's 94th birthday and they're making it seem like, we'll let you know if we're gonna let you go. She's like, yo, my family are is not up here. Yeah. Y'all know me from New York Radio, all of that. But she's like, years ago her, her mom and her mother and father were the first ones that moved to Miami and then the rest of the family went like, we are not, my family's not up here.


Her son was in Florida for a while on the dock. Her son was in college in Florida. You gonna learn about these different businesses when you need to word. Same way we keep saying the music business is a business. This conservative shit, shit is all filled. It is. It's A system and it's broken. Yeah. That's A business. Exactly. You right. This is one that Kanye has spoken about. Brittany has spoken about. Some people have tried to bring awareness to it. Wendy is next in line if you think that them people are not paying themselves handsomely for whatever It is or is not going on consultation Fee all And they already receive like a really, really hefty commission or payment for their role as Guardian.


Well I believe you. So, Which is the Grammy shit of now, why would they now come forward and say, nah, she good, they not right? Yeah. Yeah. There's no incentive for That bro. Wendy said she got $15 to her name. She's like, I got $15. Oh, I believe you. Well not to her name I, but in terms of It is absolutely, she has no access to her money whatsoever. That's what I, That she has access to. So she got $15 to her name. That's crazy. That's how I took it. The conservatorship is in somebody else name and they gotta give me the okay to get my own spanky. What I mean, how, how does that happen though? That's crazy. Based off what you sign when you get in bed with these people. Yes. They said the bank set that up like it was the bank that started all of this shit.


So if, if, if I make a lot of money and I, and I'm getting old, they can make a decision to like that. Don't you sign over stuff to your family and put names like you can in case stuff like that. Yeah. But if you don't have that in place, so let's say you don't have these things in place, right? And a bank starts to see an excessive amount of money moving out of your account that's not normal. They may raise it may raise a red flag. They said her son was whiling. She said hundred 80. She said, said her son was wildling, her son was taking money, et cetera, et cetera. And I don't, we just objectively speaking, but you might've been saying, no, that wasn't me.


I wanna charge. You know what I mean? And then they like, yo dog. But she was like, yes, I know he had these things. I know this was happening. That's my son. And let him. Yeah. A judge in a probate court decides whether to establish a conservatorship, reviewing evidence to determine if someone is incapacitated and needs a conservator to manage their personal affairs or finances. They also choose the suitable individual to serve as the conservative if necessary. That's The, listen, none of us here are experts on Yeah. We're not conservative shit. Got it. So I don't wanna put ourselves in a position to, to speak on it. That's true. And we don't know how it happened, how it started. We don't know anything. We wish Wendy Williams well, for sure.


From what we heard and and saw, it sounds like a really fucked up predicament. And hopefully them doing that interview and bringing some awareness to it can make a change. It was good to hear from her, like her own words. And that was good. Shout out to Wendy. Shout out To her. Yeah. No. Legend. Legend. And she still managed to get her puff shot. See, She did. That's what I said. Oh yeah, she, yeah. Yeah. She back. She back. She good. She good. There she go. That's the Wendy. Yeah. What else we got, man? I got a question for y'all. Since flip. Wanna keep talking about loyalty using people that are not family members.


Okay. Describe to me what your perfect version of loyalty looks like. For example, off the top of my head, I would say Alonzo Mourning slash ud Donne Haslum to Pat Riley. Okay. Hmm. An example is what you're asking for. Roughly Using people? Yes. Your version of loyalty or loyalty that you would like to have.


Looks like what? Through people. Push your teeth to Pharrell. Tata to J Kendrick to Td. Bleak dj. Bleak. DJ JAY. Big to JAY. That's what I like about the Kendrick TD thing is he seems like he's doing his own thing, yet It is still loyal. I like that. I like that one. And vice versa. And vice versa. Yeah. And vice versa. I like that. It's some better ones. Kelly to Beyonce? Hmm Hmm. You got any, some more? No. And I'm not gonna question y'all's So fucking Jordan to Phil Jackson though. Eh? That's not, no, but again, 'cause some of these are in question we really don't know.


Yeah. We don't know. Some of us might be more privy to behind the scenes shit that they might've went through. Achieve it to the Y adversity. You know what I'm saying? That they might've been through I, I don't know. It Just question. Yeah, just question. What else we got Big Meech concert. I don't know anything about this. Me either. There's a welcome home Big Meech concert taking place in Florida. In Florida, sunrise, Florida. It's on February the 13th. And It is basically like a Who's who of current hip hop? Everybody from Lil Baby Ross. Sexy Red Moneybag. Yo.


I'm trying to boss man. Dlo it. It is just a Who's who of the, the, the current hip hop scene. Welcome Home Show. Notably Missing, which everybody pointed out. Jeezy. There's no Jeezy on the show. There's no fab on the show. Mm. Just wanted to, you know, I hate when internet do that. I But it's dead to be pointed out. Yeah. What's All, you don't know what these guys got going on. But what does that, what does that mean? It might be book it don't mean anything. Or it could mean something or they might show up. You have no idea. The the full lineup is, Yeah. Unannounced. Lil Baby Rick Ross, 21 Savage, sexy Red Kodak Black Four two. Doug, ESTG Money Bag. Yo Boss Man dlo T Grizzly Baby Face Ray Ice Wear Zo Skill of Baby Peasy Payroll.


Giovanni Booy, young Scooter. And it says More artists to be added. That's a big show. Well there's your out right there. More, more artists to be added. Yeah. You know, putting this, you putting this out, you know, putting this out is gonna say without certain names on there. Yeah. Even If they are added later on. Seeing it right off the bat without certain names attached to It is, hey, that looks odd. And people are gonna point that out. It is a promoted event. Yeah. Hmm. That's fly though. It's a hell of a, that's a hell of a couple. Welcome home. Yeah. Listen Good fam. Yeah. Or good fam. I hope everybody at tens ha has a blast. No violence. I'm not about to make nothing.


Yeah, for real. No violence, please. I'm not about to make nothing of nothing. Names that are missing Or not yet added. Potentially. Yeah. Yeah. What's wrong with nigga? Just not wanting to go. Ain't nothing wrong with it. It is again, my nigga. I might have took care of you your whole time. Like we again, all this shit be internet interneting. Yeah, exactly. It'd be the internet. Internet. And like, you don't know what I did for you the whole time you was locked up. Right. You my man. For real. I don't gotta go to no show to show you. You're my man. You Know what I mean? Maybe I'm going, I'm just not performing Or I not, I might not be going See that. I don wanna be around them crowds. I'm just not doing that. Yeah. Because all them people on that list is newer acts, you know what I'm saying?


So I'm not signing up to no festival. Oh yeah. I ain't, I ain't, that's what It Is. Lowkey Festival. Yeah. Big ass lineup. You know what I'm saying? So we got a relationship in real life, nigga. I don't have to come there to show that I don have the internet just to Yeah. That I'm support in support of you. Yeah. Not at all My opinion. Agreed. That was tearing f your ass up for misspelling Demonic. Yeah. That was on, I swear that was on purpose. Swear it. It's on purpose. Why Demon? Monique? Did you see how he spelled it? Me d was It demon? Monique? Yeah, demon. N-I-Q-U-E-N-I-Q-U-E. Yeah.


That sounds a little intentional. Like there's more ways you could fuck up demonic that was AI without going that far. That was ai. No, he fucked up some words. He real fucking up some words. Like he fucked up Miami. He was talking on the phone, said Do no Dominique. No, I'm, I think I'm bail out. I think he's leaning in. He's leaning into the bullshit. I ain't gonna laugh too hard 'cause I'm at that age where, you know, I'm forgetting everything that I've ever learned and certain words be kicking my, and you go, I was stuck for 40 minutes with aesthetic the other day. I was stuck sitting there. Nah, I got, I got a hoodie. I was sounding It out. Got a hoodie coming out. I look up hors d'oeuvres. Yo, that's a motherfucker, that's a monster. Hors h. Yes.


Yeah. I got a hoodie coming out. I couldn't figure It is my shit. My nigga. I couldn't spell the word to take my life out. What was the word? Ish? That's up. Yeah, that's it. Like yo, the shit was crazy. What was the word? Can't tell us it's coming out. You can't tell us yet. Out our brain. Yeah. This shit. Yeah, they was on Lil Kim ass too. Phones make us dumb yo. Oh yeah, they were. That was funny though. That was hilarious bro. What Kim did, Lil Kim put a post up saying been sending strong players up for LA and everyone affected by the fires. Please send us on. This is heartbreaking. I prayed to Jesus that God make it monsoon in la. God bless her heart because she really just meant like she meant, you know, send some rain. I know it, but, but yeah.


Yeah, yeah. A monsoon would kind of fuck shit up. Wind. It would make it worse. Mudslide. Mudslides. It's also a natural disaster. So yeah, we'd be praying for LA again. Yeah, right. S like, yeah, shout to Kim man. It was good intentions. Yeah. Your heart was in the right place. That's, and our prayers are still with everybody out there. For sure. For sure. Let's not forget to say that. Thousand percent. That is true. Yeah. I was in the news recently. Not the news. You called them not, I didn't call anybody Go my See that show the receipts, nigga did you call the news? You started that shit. I don like that. I didn that shit. Shit. I didn't like that. But I'll let you slide. But I'm gonna get to why you saying I started that? I'll let you slide you that shit. Yo, I did not start.


Box came behind. I don't like that. That disrespectful. Using your mouth to put me down. But I got something for y'all. Whoa. At the right time. I'm gonna get both of y'all that. They don't put it down. Use your mouth to put them down. Listen, Jaja got mad at me and said she made a video say Flip. I don't fuck with you. You not loyal to Stack. I never saw you around. She said that the interview that I did with her years ago, I, I only invited her up there to discredit her information on Stack Bundles and Gym. And then I wrote a tweet. Not a tweet, but I wrote it on her post. And I, and I was apologetic. I'm like, you know, 'cause she said 'cause of me, 'cause of you flip. I don't want to ever do interviews again 'cause of niggas like you.


And I apologize. And I, and I stand in my apology because her story is, is important to that movement. You know what I mean? What happened? And I don't wanna discredit her. Just my angle at that time was playing the Devil's Advocate. That's just all my interviews. It wasn't intentional to her. Had a plenty of arguments with with Charleston White, with, with all the drug dealers, Al Po. King, like all this just, just my style of interviewing. So I don't, I didn't want, I don't want anyone to feel like, I don't like to hear that yo 'cause of you that interview. I don't wanna talk to nobody. Niggas reached out and showing the Ceio niggas reached out. But I don't wanna talk to nobody 'cause you how you made me feel. I kind of felt bad. 'cause I don't know if I, I'm in a new place but I ain't mean to do that.


Shout out to her. You know what I'm saying? Prayers and thoughts and I, you know, I hope that she'd be able to tell a story without sitting across a nigga like me that will do that And O Jamir in Stack. Yeah. Rest in in peace. Yeah. Rest in Peace Stack for sure. You know what I mean? And and that's Biggie Stack. I love you my boy because The stories be different. Right. And that's what I learned up here though. Like I learned up here that everybody have their own version of the story. If I hear something, if I witnessed something with Jim and Stack and I know a story, 'cause the story is that Jim left Stack in the hood not knowing that Stack called Jim for some money and the bank was closed. Right. Like yo, we'll get the, I was there me and by was there. But people don't want to acknowledge that. It's easier to paint that about Jim. Yo, you left Stack out there. No stack wanted to stay out there. 'cause Stack has his own movement. Just like a Queen's foot. Some niggas is just in they own bag and if I need something I can call my man.


He called his man Yo, the bank is closed right now. Jeez. I'm gonna get it to you. It's just so happened my man got killed the next day. You know what I'm saying? So people take these stories and they mix it up. Soja was telling the story. I wasn't discrediting her. I'm just like, yo, this is what I've been through. And by being up here I learned that yo, her truth is her truth. And at that time I wasn't intent. I was just being the devil's advocate. And that's it. So shout to her. I just wanted to say that. But Yeah, I support it's adult. I'm still laughing a little bit though. It's adult video. What this nigga says. Yeah, I made the news recently. It's like, oh shit, what happened? Yeah, Jaja tweeted that. Well I'm mad at what news outlet Did that mean's not quite. That's, you happen to hear that in the New York post, the Daily News on page six.


Please take Queen Flip's organic word up here instead of that. Lemme ask you a question. Come on, you let your mans get away with all that. You let these two niggas get away with all that TMZ called TZ. That's my man. You let these niggas get away with all that called TMZI was on your side and on top of that because you thought I shouldn't have these two niggas. I was on your side and you thought I shouldn't have did it. Right. You ain't come on and defend like, nah, flip wouldn't do that. You know that Joe. I call TMZ on myself. You know me man. I don was like your side. I said I disagreed with the streets. You wrote a tweet nigga, everybody big me up. You and the white, your white counterpart put the tweet out to discredit me. I said the street said this And I said that they were lying. That's nasty. Would it affect our friendship if I maybe did think that you would call T on yourself?


Joe? I'm saying I don't love you no less, Joe. What? I'm not saying I think that, but would our relationship change? So in your mind you saying why would they go to Queens flipping and not to Melyssa Ford? No, I never said that. Meaning like somebody ever. Not not this you man. I'm talking about like you're more, you know, I ain't put on. Give you a comment girl. God. Okay Sir. Thank you. Thank you. Holy shit. Okay. Don't touch me. All right. I was like, you touch me. Yo. Why you did that bro? Why you put that news out? That's you the dad. You Behind that? I'm not behind it. I promise you. Yeah, I go get yo, I'm not behind it. Okay. I had your back. I'm just for, I always got your back. No, that's just na. I sold you. You you sure did. You show, you didn't call I, I read your tweet. Like wait what my, my bad if if you saw that.


Yeah. Is there anything else that is pressing on our minds? Bodies and souls. Our spirits. Is there anything that's super important to get out there? I started Land Man that shit is absolutely fire. Is it? I don't have a take 'cause I'm still early. I'm early. I'm doing Tulsa King Is fire. Tulsa King is Fire King. Season one or two. I'm on tune now. I'm almost over two. That shit is pretty short. You can kind of run through they quick. Yeah. Yeah. Like 30 minutes. You see Severance season Saving it. Got it. I'm watching it tonight. I'm gonna rewatch it. Actually they never going to get me. What the episodic drops watching one episode? No, no, no, no. I'm storing them Up. I like the episodic a little bit.


Me too. It's when it, when it's something that I'm anticipating seeing. Yeah. Like otherwise I could wait and just catch a couple if I Have something that has my attention and I could wait And Landman Landman has me. Did you Watch the Joint I sent you? No, Uhuh. It was a, it was a, a Hulu series. It's called Scam Queens or something like that. Oh I just saw the ad for that. Yeah. I'm like you just Auditioned for that. I mean Right. You just got, Hey I am Melyssa Ford and I scam my team by 700. Just get the white, just get the white titty cake and pour it off as a black. You pulled that. You the greatest. That was an ill scam. I ain't gonna, It is crazy scam. Yeah. We really sit down amongst that stuff and talk about that. Like how you pulled that shit off. Oh my God. No, You right.


You guys are gonna have to let this go. It's 2025 nigga money. Yo. What episode John in Atlanta. Man, four. Alright. I I'm a thug through one. Yo, I'm a thug One. I fell asleep on one like three, four times It catch up. And I think that is so up disrespectful to Landman. Yeah, I I'm, I gotta see this. I'm, I'm A thug my wife episode one. I feel like they get to so many storylines popping, especially between one and two. But just try, I I'm not here, I'm, I'm gonna force myself but You might fall asleep 'cause it ain't so action that It is a lot of Dialogue and understanding all of that oil business. Captions on I'll, I'll get through it. You heard cut the closed captions on because I like shit like that. Hey closed captions when the shit I'm watching start talking in Spanish.


I don't need you to say Spanish. Spanish Ola in Spanish. Like no that. No tell me. Tell what the Fuck. Yeah. Yeah. I hate that. Yeah, Y'all ain't gonna hold you. That's Why I love having a bilingual queen next to me. What they say? What they say? Well you've already proven to me and Corey that that shit has its perks. Yes Sir. It does. That shit has its perks. Listen and when I was watching De Thieves too and the coming attractions, let me be phony real quick. Hey the rest of this part ain't about shit. Let me be phony real quick. I know I've had a lot to say about John Wick. This a new John Wicker. No, I'm not gonna lie to you.


The ballerina spinoff looks great. Wait, really? Or at least I'll say that ballerina trailer. You gotta watch it. Yes, I'm watching it. They got you. They got You. I'm watching it. They showed about three or four movies that I do want to see. Shit. The Russian lady And Ballerina is one of them. And she is the protege or the the this is the next, the next. She's girl John Wicker and she in there kicking ass Jeanetta. I'm not the biggest John Wick guy so I don me Like it. Me neither. Oh okay. Me neither. Yeah, I'm good. I think I saw the first one. That's about it. I saw too. But if I'm gonna watch an action flick, I wanna watch it from a, a movie company that is gonna pay to put action in it For sure.


And they, they Spend the whole bunch. They gonna do that. Yeah they gonna spend an action. He killed About 1400 niggas per movie Per scene. Head shots too. First scene. Hey he run. He don't run outta bullets. That nigga cutting is different. I was flicking through the channels in rush hour two I think whatever it was with Chris Rock and Jackie. I watched That shit Chris Tuck, I watched Chris Tucker The another one that you should just shouldn't watch with adult eyes and the ears. It's another one that we should just leave wherever the fuck it was. That movie boy part Two is the one when they went to China. Yeah. Yeah. That's the one with Rosalyn Sanchez. Them niggas are staying there. I watch this. They're not making another rush hour girl sitting They off.


But I watching too. They was getting a lot of shit off. They gonna take you to Bangkok. Yeah. That Little fight scene between that shit was just a mess. Hey yo Joe, you know what's so crazy? He might be the horny. Well It is just said what to He be the Bangkok Joe. A Bangkok bro. Yo. Yeah I gotta do the NY look. I ain't gonna hold you. I ain't, nah nah, you, you up. I tell he never one him. I'm nigga What? Anyway. That's funny. Yo, We we could talk about this. That shit is juvenile. It's some juvenile bullshit. It is in film shit. Rest in peace. David Lynch. Brilliant director. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. We could, we could talk about this on Paper. You guys one of the biggest David Lynch fans. I don't even know who that is. Twin Peace recipe For the Bronco velvet elephant.


Man. Weird shit. Lost highway, weird shit. Yeah. Yeah. Really weird shit. Recipe peace. Yeah, recipe peace. Yeah. Before we get outta here Though, speaking of rest in peace. Yeah. Did y'all hear about the dude that pulled up to the bikini coffee shop joint got caught and then, Well first I don't think anybody knew about the bikini coffee. Yeah. So apparently there's a, there's a coffee, coffee Spot read Where the women that serve are in bikinis. Where is that? I kind Of like in Landman, right? Little bit. Okay. Anyways, So the, the young lady posted a video. The guy pulls up in the car and she like Uhuh like he ain't had no pants on.


He was, he was, he was Getting money. He masturbating, He was getting money while he pulled up to the, to the window. He pulled off real fast. It was actually a couple of cars that they, they did this to and the video got to circulating. So out of embarrassment the next day the dude self transition. Whoa. This one I kind of have been confused about. I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt and assume that there was a lot more going on in his life. It Sounds like it. I would hope so Because the act of masturbating at the local Hooters or whatever the Fuck that is and getting caught and taking your own life when you're married with child.


I'm befuddled. I'm, I'm not, I'm not, not today. It's the same thing we say about internet bullying. Yeah. Yo like yo, It is different when shit used to happen when we was in school, you know the little neighborhood story. It'll go local or something. It'll be local. Yeah. He's right. Today something happens. The whole world knows instantly. So to do that video, getting out there Meant what Your wife is getting worldwide humiliation for you and your entire family. There some people out there that got a video of me sleepwalk but ass naked in the hallway. Not to compare Joe. But you are, I don wanna compare. No, you or you, you come from a different era too.


Yeah. Somebody else is different. I think as fathers we have a a responsibility million percent and an obligation for to not for our behavior to not do anything that would put us in a predicament to make us want to remove ourselves from our child line. Now I'm talking about predicament. I'm a predicament. I'm not talking about mental health. That's why I said I'm, I'm gonna assume and give him the benefit of doubt. And I said I hope so. But if it's just this isolated act and it was the embarrassment, then my man, Come on dog. A lot of people can't deal with that shit bro. You really public humiliation in jail for being humiliated in public and they went and got a gun and did killed something to somebody that embarrassed them and now they doing life doing it To you and doing it to myself.


I don't view the same. I There's A lot of people in this country. Your Life is gone. I mean one your life might be spent behind bars and another one, your life is gone. But It's a privilege to wake up even behind bars. True. Tell your kids that. Tell your family that. Could you use That And they have to. No I'm saying but you use that as the catalyst. Like yo, if you have a wife and you have kids and you allow that thing that you are saying It is small, I'm agreeing with you. It's not worth you taking your life. I'm not saying it's small, It's small in regards to you taking your life. I think if that's an isolated act. Yeah, true. I'm agreeing with you. You, I'm just playing. We having a conversation. So what I'm saying is nowadays with the viral moments and all of that shit, my nigga you could be a meme from, from now to eternity.


Niggas can't handle that bro. Playing with your dick over some Tim Hortons. You know what I'm saying? Like everybody not prepared to deal with that level of public embarrassment and scrutiny. Not just that. Now your kids is getting picked on your wife. Yes. Coworkers See it. Your wife's family member see her husband now. You can't never go do the cookout and get looked at the same when your sausage been on tv, what Did he think was gonna be the outcome though? I don't think he thought somebody was gonna put him on tv. Niggas just pull up, get his shit off and what's going, you a little freak, moody, horny nigga. You gonna jerk off to the ladies with the, with the bikinis on. But you never thinking it's gonna go viral. Well one in New Jersey. Not that because we getting serious. I I'm gonna be ignorant Now.


Me too. I said sausage. Y'all miss my joke. Cookout Sausage trying. Oh you trying to s Little pun In New Jersey. Big pun nigga in New Jersey at Hooters they stopped hiring the hoes with Hooters. Like it made it tough. Yeah. An ass, it made it tougher for you to go over there and hit your, hit your one two right quick one. They Ain't stop hiring him. What happened then the strip clubs got him because it was more bread. Fuck. Talking about I ain't giving out no Wings And two to whoever out there needs to hear this. Add somebody that's beat off in my car a few times. You gotta drive to the far end of the parking lot where you are alone And you gotta face the, For me it was the face.


The yeah don't in don't back In. You gotta for me it was the Multiplex when I'm at that movie. Yeah. Come on I'm at the movie there early. Gotta go back there. Gotta go back there. You back all the way to way you Go to the movie after your dog. Lemme ask you A question. Oh yeah, A little beat off in the movie. Lemme ask you a question. What's up man? What You was beating off too? Something on my phone. Yeah Nigga I had to do it. Oh y'all different? No I had to do it. I did that shit in the highway. You never beat off in the car. Never. Well you stand up and beat off. You can't stand up and you have beat off in the sprinter. I Lay down, I lay down and beat off too. Beat, beat off in the U-Haul or something. Yo dogs sometimes you gotta let it out Ish. Something come my nigga. So when was when the multiplex was open? This 'cause this is a long time ago.


Yeah. You lived around the multiple. Go home. Go home. The movie starts in five minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes. I Ain't got, I ain't got the time nigga. You gotta get this out yo Ish taking it movie with you. I've lived a life you ain't never beat off in the car. Ever, ever. Vanilla ass thing. I've lived a life. I don't wanna talk about it but I'm just giving advice to the people out there that wanna beat off in the car. You can't do it at the where they fucking shaken ass and wearing skirts on the roller skates and pulling up. You you can't, you can't Do that shit at Sonics nigga. Yeah you can't do Sonics. That's what I was thinking about. You can't do that. You can't do that. I I you gotta beat off over there. You gotta, You gotta watch. Yeah, you gotta be isolated. No, but when it Getting good you ain't checking the mirror.


You fix yourself. Oh my About Nigga ain't no pants on. See that's the problem too. You a freak yourself when you beating up in the car. You just gotta scoot them down. You can't be pants less. You Right. You gotta listening To your nigga. Scoot down. Hey the car. See that leather seed get cold but get your shit off. Pull Him up back up. Be on point. Be on point and go on about your business. I don't know who needs to hear all of that but money Pulled up with no pants. Y'all niggas is freak. Have baby white in your car man. Giving jerk off 1 0 1 in The car. I'm done. I'm done. I just listen. If people gonna take their lives behind this, then we can speak to it. Yeah, that's it.


Rest in peace. The homeboy, I'm praying for his family. His Family, his mom, his moms came out. She, she's actually trying, she's blaming the girl that Recorded it. God, I disagree with that. I disagree too. I I disagree as well. She just wanted, 'cause he was going around, they was getting called. She wasn't the girl. She was the manager of the spot. And your Son might have traumatized by turning off in front of her with no pants. But if it's just a girl then maybe you make a case of somebody just coming up to you and table. Oh my god. Who's this girl? She's the manager of this place and she sees a car out here suspicious. It's my job to walk over there. Hey dog, did you order something?


Can I help you? Why? Oh shit. You getting your shit off? No That's not, they been getting calls of this car Of people doing that, Going around doing it. They got a call. So that's why she said you been here before? Yeah. And then she got him. Yeah. You've been going around doing this and now we got you my nigga who's just driving around with no pants on. That's Not, I Nigga had Mustang. What kind of car he had too? A Mustang. It was a Mustang. Yo. What kind of car was it under the leather? I don't know. Wasn't Pocket. I wasn't pocket watching him. That matters. Nah, it it wasn't, no it wasn't Chomp. Was it a charger Camaro? I thought, I thought it was A Challenger or Camaro. One of them. It looked like one of them. Y'all better get 42 Dug as Hellcat back.


Yeah. Yeah. Hey yo my nigga, if I get, if I get a Ferrari like you, I might be, I might look, I might be riding around in some boxes. Yo. I ain't gonna hold you. You have tents or you just gonna, yo, I might be riding around some, some boxes. Flip you fish bowling. Huh? We fish bowling. Yo, you The, you fish bowling. I'm just saying you baller. What's that? No tent. No tent, no tents. Of course I ain't buying no tents nigga. So if you jerk off there, you gonna let them see I'm not jerking off in my car but when she get in the car It is. You know what I mean? I'm starting to think about, yo, I'm starting to think Mike come through the little box of hole by mistake on purpose. He a freak. I'm on You on I nasty huh?


Yeah, this nigga's nasty. I think you do that other shit. Like I got, we got really good sleepers lined up for y'all. That's true. Oh shit. Before we get to sleepers, I have, I have one question for Ish. It is my only question. I'm not arguing, I'm not beefing. Shoot. When the, when the pandemic and shit was going on, you didn't get a PPP loan For a different company. You couldn't get PPP loans for real estate. But you did get a PPP loan. I did. Okay. But you couldn't get PPP loans as landlords for real estate purposes. PPP loans. I read something that said y'all got some little landlord kickback.


I wanted to come in here and read it to you. I won't 'cause you a landlord. Yeah, well I'm a Landlord. I mean I've been getting these shit all the overwhelming majority 'cause they've been going crazy on Twitter. The overwhelming majority is yo, you're right. And then other people that challenged me behind closed doors, they, I tapped them out and they said, yo, you're right. I stand. The biggest point to contention I saw with your argument was that the, that money that you was talking about that handed out the additional Six wasn't the Entire, that it was not for the entire year. One the second was that the Yeah, they dropped it to 400 in some state of, from some places in 300 in I don Jersey stopped in July of that year. I remember. And then they kicked it to 300 instead of six.


They brought up the media income in New Jersey, which was high. That was the real beef of what you were saying. What, what I saw people say, you were making it sound like there was this overwhelming group that were paid more than what they were making during the time. And they were saying you should isolate the media income in New Jersey, which is higher. So these people were struggling, yada yada. I don't bother, I don't care to get back Into all. Yeah, no, no. I but again, I was speak I don wanted you to be able to speak to I was speaking generally, so when you speak generally you pe people in New York make more money than people in Ohio. You understand what I'm saying? But overall, nationally, landlords were affected. So I didn't want to say yo, in New Jersey, yeah we have a higher cost and standard of living but that also means that landlords have higher mortgages.


Right. And, and so the landlord's cost of living is high too. When, when when eggs got high, nigga eggs was high. They high for the landlords. Are they too? They still are high. They still are high. You right when gas is high, My pop just pulled me to the side and said Joey, I told your mother the eggs I buy cost $18 17. They, I buy the The dual. The 12 and 12. No It's and it's a class of eggs. You don't Fuck that. It's a different level of eggs. It is my man, that Fucking time lose that time shit nigga You gotta get old. Hey you gotta get old enough to have the tough talks with your parents. Depending on how we signed up for it, they just put the click to cancel shit into effect finally. Meaning like people that signed up for gyms, planet Fitness, all that type of shit.


But you know how it was hard to get out of it. Now it's federally mandated, however you signed up. Like anything you can just click a button and Get out. Oh that's fantastic. Oh that's fire. Yeah because they was holding niggas, the memberships like that's crazy. You gotta call a number and do some figure shit. Oh no nigga And niggas would be like nah. Well what had happened was you ain't read that fire. Tell us about him. Sorry. It's it My DJ skills me. Shit. What The fuck up out here? No, you getting better at it. I'm trying. You Getting better? Hey y'all can see white glasses nigga. I ain't been listening to nothing new so I do not have a new sleeper again, shout out to Teddy Swims. I think I played that record last week. Yeah you did. So I'm going throwback, I'm going with one of my favorite groups of all time.


This is High five and this is Unconditional Love. Highest beat. Hold on man. Mel, you don't know this song? I do. I do know this song. Song You making being you don't know what you do when this song without What Year It is 90, 94. Four Maybe? Yeah 94 If I was 14. You was 17, 18 you was fucking Definitely. Yep and I moved him in the house. You told us you never gave that nigga no coochie. Wait What? Who You be lying. No That's a lie. Yes You did man. Yo you don't even remember your lies.


Let's honest liar. I I love them liar. Hold on one second. You are the rocky of lying. Who are we talking about on big mail? Yo are we told us you did not lose your virginity to that nigga that y'all moved in the crib. Remember everything? I didn't sure I'd already lost my virginity. I don't want talk about this Yo. You told him. Well you Do Anything For your love. Hey let's Joe, You Right there that now he'll get a few niggas out here though yo nigga right there.


I don know who that nigga is Girl.


More Than ever. You know I love you so much. It's Important for couples to stay together. I never want you to leave me Man's going around. I missed this part of the song for the nineties. Yeah. What baby Need somebody in your corner. I tried to do that on a couple SLP songs. You did. Fucking Imani stole my vocals man s that, You know what I mean?


They let they lose some beat on the end for you. Fuck RB niggas, that's brand new. Very, very, very old music that is high five. And that record is called Unconditional Love. Love those guys man. Rest in peace Tony Thompson. Yeah, rest in peace. I'm going to Houston on this one And watch that High five doc if you haven't seen it. I don't know where it's at. They got a doc. Yeah it was. It was, yeah it was. It is on YouTube. If you can't find it it's on YouTube. Them niggas had a hard time late like the different strokes cast of RB groups. But anyway No. Yeah, I'm sorry. Oh yeah don't do that Ice man.


You've been be owe like a little square off man. I just shit off man. Oh I'm going to Houston on this one. The record is called Turn Me Up and it's by Libra Jolie. Let's go Libra. She Turn Me Up Hoe can't fuck like me, can't cook like me, can't look like me. Say that bitch ain't built like me. Ain't like me. Wish you like me. Her hope looking for me. Y'all might wish bitch would Turn Me Up, come out and play.


You know I lay shit down Hershey never one of these niggas. He my favorite now he call me baby now and shit we just met you really wasting bru no shade. But this nigga just left. I ain't popping my shit on the white call window a minute. I swear to God I ain't going back and forth with Ahoe. This ain't no, I swear to God hoe looking for in my swear to God, Ahoe really fucked my bd man. You fucking man ain't got no that little bitch I think she playing out. You can't be that don. All niggas in the world with money and you Fuck that one. Turn Me Up. Can't fuck like me, can't cook like me, can't look like me. Say that bitch ain't built like me.


Ain't like me, wish you like me talking that shit. They wish they could her ho be looking for me. I might in wish bitch would Turn Me Up. Can't fuck like me, can't cook like me, can't look like me. Say what? That bitch ain't built like me. Ain't like me. You like me see talking all that shit. They wish they could her looking for me. Y'all might wish a bitch would and you know I'm gonna crash. Bitch you gonna die behind. That mean her bitch mad ain't got no reason like a holiday is my season man these ho got me fucked up. I'm in that big body truck find shit better get your money up D how be talking about going 50 50 with a nigga for nut Bitch I wish I would.


I could never beat the house. You fucking how you gave your sy up to a bitch. Nigga still left with nothing. Turn Me Up. Can't fuck like me, can't cook like me, can't look like me. That bitch ain't built like me. Ain't like wish you like me ho. Talking all that shit. They wish they could ho looking for me. Y'all might wish bitch would Turn Me Up. Ho can't fuck like me, can't like me can't look like me. Say that bitch ain't built like me. Ain't like me. You could like me hoby shit. Wish they could for me wish bitch That records and that is tell the nigga cash at me some bread.


The nigga go cash at me and said I have no idea why. Why would You Right. Just send me the bread. Why you did that for your records? I not that Little note shit is important to niggas with bad memories. Alright. Swimming classes And again that record was Turn Me Up by Lebra Jolie. That record was hard. What's Her name to Lebra Jolie? Lebra Jolie. She sound good. She's from Chicago. Houston? Nah she Houston. I played a couple of records up here before. She's hard. Oh I Boss I wasn't familiar with your game That that was hard. Yeah I'm gonna play some Busta Rhymes man. Put out a new EP today. This says Letter To My Children. Lemme bust punch a nigga on a roll.


Shut the fuck up when I'm talking. Bitch you know the role broke up rappers way down to the finest molecule. What these rappers know by spitting on these slaps my nigga niggas are temperate but they shit be selling black my nigga they rap like two trains collided on a track. My nigga claiming credit for the shit we father trying to dab me nigga the original fashion forward advocate dread up in hairstyles that niggas would never think of. Think of pioneer so much. Shit be making your bitch bug. Bitch I'm finally in a place in my life where I'm the happiest bars full of punishment when I spit bitch I'm the nastiest, I'm a different type of creature. Request collabs and hit the bars. They start running far from the feature. Yeah. Thank your moms for the life she gave beat you with punchlines that hurt.


Now you asking your moms to savior. I'm your daddy when it came to these raps. I'm the one that raised you the real child at birth. Now you begging for me to change you. So I nurture all of my children so they don't see me as a stranger. I teach them how to eat you niggas food and be the danger. I think you niggas need to move from around me. I believe it's safe. How? Negotiate with promoters nigga gimme my paper. My paper look could give a fuck where niggas come from. I continuously run towards what most you niggas run from. Most of these niggas scared to rat with me. Now what's the person that better rethink all your favorites and why? And get me your verses yet. Verses yet. I'm still waiting. I'm still waiting from the high you want from the Percocet. Will I continue giving niggas beings in your squad hurts.


I give you spankings bitch don't ever question how a law works. I jump in the souls of the people and give 'em large spurts when I'm fighting demons I'll be still making your mom squirt squirt. You rap niggas. I ain't here to pacifier but while your father's present I might pass the pacifier. You don't want the smoke of what? White pacifier and end up being to one left as another ass for higher. Another nigga lost with all the confused symptoms. Let me guide you to the destination as your navigation system. Your equilibrium fucked up. Let me send to y'all. Send to y'all big homie. Here let me try to mentor y'all. Y'all scientists when it comes to the culture, let them refill the baskets of rose medals. Whenever I enter y'all to y'all shit, that's what I'm talking about.


They see greatness in bust a u-turn and they start walking out. Employees working on as hell learn what a boss about. Fascination with sanitation. I love to toss 'em out. Toss them out. My aspiration is to force a route and eliminate an impossibility to source a doubt for you. Sickness to swell your foot up like it done. Caught a gout. Throw this mangan baggy bitches cause a coochie drought. Coochie drought. I'm nice with both hands. I'ma manage. Lay up with my left and right like I'm making a sandwich. My frequency is powerful. Niggas to check the B Fuck you niggas up and continue taking advantage. Welcome to dragon season. Season Busta Rhymes. Letter To My Children up.


Reason it's nice to hear Busta sounding like Busta again. Yeah. Instead double time. Yeah. Yeah. What you got Ish? I'm going to Horace Brown featuring Jay-Z happening nigga. No you, you kind of sparked my little man. I mean bag. Get the fuck outta here. No you did the, you did the the high five. Oh so I was gonna play shy. I was gonna play some, You know what I mean? So Oh so his sleeper inspired your sleeper is what you're saying today. Got it. Today. Today. Yeah it did change it. I was gonna do change your faces. Got it. You know what I mean? I was going yeah but I'm gonna just go hold brown feature JAY. How we do Magic places in my mind.


Hoping someday I would find the perfect one and I day you walked inside and no could I hide. I had to take you Love it.


We home Miss trips to Nevada. Push your chips on six. I rodere twice people way in the back hoping the crapping they don't even play dice. Me and old girl against the whole world under the lights, ice looking blue mother curl. Just the things we do. Baby downing your wrist. One of the many reasons that rhyme like this. Plenty. Push three 20 drop go chain ice around the penny. Hot and yes Penny stop baby the three backed it out. The made a whole crew stick. Jetted round the way. Playing whole brown Mo three GC JayZ baby. See you at the platinum party As Things We Do For Love.


Horace Brown and Jay-Z. That's the Eddie F Remix. The time was had word fuck. All right well since we're, I'm just gonna keep the rhythm going with old school shit. Okay. Okay. This is what I pick Troop. I Will Always Love You. Ah, Ah that's what? Nah, I hit them niggas with the spread my wings though. Spread my wings.


I try to figure I did spread my wings though.


I love you.


I don't even know the Ready Show Joe.


The video. Nah, I might, I might put this back in my rotation dog. Three glasses of Merlo. That nigga start, that nigga start rubbing on your leg. On the west side highway about four, three. About three. Some water, some seltzer. No my girl Mel. Right. Mel nigga said some seltzer water. I said water, any beverage seltzer juice. Are you thirsty? That shit falling off the bone since that Chicago nigga came out with his family. Oh my God. Since Facebook guy act, that shit is ready to go y'all. I can't believe what you fell for. That Facebook, this shit went to Chicago after that big hell posting no pictures.


I told y'all 2025 we out male pussy business don't do that. What you hating on my man? What man? Oh nigga they have Facebook. I have yeah. Yeah. His Facebook got hacks though. Right. I told y'all we minding Mel's pussy but I mean we not minding Mel's pussy videos at all. At all. Not in 2025 but we, we hear from the music and you, you around you, you see you be sleeping on you around like you around niggas that get information when you ain't trying to give it. So when you play a little, when you play a little slow jam like that real niggas could tell. Oh Ohoh. Oh hey Little shy. I was gonna hit that with Daisha. Hey She ain't, she ain't quite ready to go home after the meal. Huh? So what you doing?


She ain She ain't ready to hit home after the, after the dinner. Like what? Doing what doing? I was gonna drop you off. Nah, I wanna hang out for a little thing. Yeah, you trying to be the gentleman I drop you off. Off. I'm gonna drop you off home. Damn. So soon already. It's early though. That's how he get them. I'm wide awake. Oh man. Up sleepy. Took a nap early. I took a nap early 'cause I knew we was going Hang out. I, I'm not even tired yet. You sure you don't wanna go bowling? Yeah. Whatcha trying to say can we just get back to your place? I play some balls. That's what you trying to say. Oh whoa. You did that And You did that so you could write it in the suit against us. Yeah. You knew that. Keep my name out that suit please. Even though I know my name is on. Got Each page.


Nigga your name is in bold Print at the top and again Flick. Trevor, Trevor, Trevor, Trevor, Trevor Came, commented on. You know what I mean? Yo speaking of bowling. I don't know what y'all are doing Monday night. Me and Corey been talking about let's go hit that new balling alley up there. Yeah It is one near Monday night. I'm with It At the mall. Mel. Yep. Breeze. I'm with it. Fuck it. Yeah, When y'all say it like that, it seem like I'm forcing y'all to hang out. No, no, no. Yeah but then the audience fuck them. We know what It is then I'm with it. I never been there. I just driving right by. That shit was Dash told me It's fire. Dash shouldn't be going. They said It's fire. Oh if Dash going Dash taste is typically my taste too. Yeah. Dash shout shout to Dash. Shout to him Classy gentleman and live right there by my son's school.


So he'd be letting me use his driveway. Shout to Dash. What transactional are we gonna talk about on Patreon? Yeah. Or you gonna run and cower? Who? You I Don't even know Joe. You just said I'm asking You Joe are you, I'm not trying to be funny. I'm Asking if my man answer you. Are you gonna acknowledge the fact that you have that effect on people? That you have that effect, that you become friends with niggas and you don't value Friendship as he's admitted that Didn didn't know that. Didn didn't know that? No. He said don't value friendships as much as niggas value At all. But you value family at all. Family is the only one that get a Pass. My, my real friends is my family Word tricks. Right. I get that nigga Man. I'm not trying to be funny. My friends that are friends loophole, yo, I known him Fab many years.


You know he can shake it sometimes. I known him for a whole lot of years. I know him for a lot of years. Him for a lot of years. Him for a lot of years. You, you clocked 15 or more with me and We on the other side still standing. We survived some shit. You family, you family now. But you'll Still, if you fall out, you'll still have some shit to say. That will downplay it though. No, no not true. I ain't say nothing about we fell out. I don't say nothing about, I try not to talk about people. Okay. I got it. I got it after we so fell. I ain't trying to diminish you yo. If you were a part of my history in any type of way, I do appreciate it. I'll show that respect and not speak about it. Me. I'm not saying everybody gotta do that, but yeah, my real friends, It is family. My mom called freeze.


Hey the cable, something Happened. Sta can you come? Hey Dad. My iPod won't take all the ojs music that I got. Yeah. My friends. Yeah. Yeah. But friends, what's a fucking friend? A lot of people get hurt by that though. It's a track record. A lot of people when they come out, yo, I realized later on or in the business transaction because We never get closure. We, we, I don't give closure. I don't, I don't, I don't believe that you need somebody else to get closure too though. Not just that. Most people I agree with that don't conduct. You agree with him with that. I don most people don't conduct business fucking closure. Do you agree that you don't believe that you need to get, you don't need somebody else to get the closure that you need? It depends on the circumstance.


A lot of times niggas will step over. Please. You hearted it anyway. Look, a lot of times niggas will step over a line where I'm never gonna speak to you again in my life. So I Don't, you can never return back. That's The how I was, that's the closure when you see me in the street and I look like I ain't see you, that that should be your closure or you know what you did. So what if they apologize or try to, you can't apologize. Un I agree with that. Really keep your apology. I don't even need that. You apologizing for you. I don't want your apology. Even if you're not apologizing for you. Even if You mean it. Yeah. I'm Just, I know that you have the ability Capabil to behave this way with people that you love. I'm good. I think humans, all humans I believe to be pieces of shit.


We can, we all adapt. We can all get shady if we need to. But when you get shady with somebody that you love, like was there for you. I know the audience got a blast. Oh yeah. That shady ass motherfucker in the world. That's not true. I just, once it's over, I don't speak to why it's over. How it's over how I felt about it, how you hurt me. It is over. Does it, does it give you sort sort of like a No, I don't wanna say thrill, But no, I don't get any thrill from from So What I'm saying is that if I be, I'd be hurt more than anything. When people say, ain't say I'm, finish this sentence because I think I know where you're going. Does it give you a thrill that people mess up with you and then end up regretting it later and then they talk about yo the only thing that they use is that I don't think Joe value this friendship as much as we did or I did Sometimes.


Oh. Oh Thank you sometimes. Thank you. That's fucked up to me. But I like it. No it's not. No, no. Meaning that there's know why people will cross You. Right. People will cross you. We gotta talk about on Patreon. But yeah, we are, people will cross You. Right. And the only reason that they really feel regretful is because you ascended. Ah, now you getting the mud in your face because I'm up. If I was still down, you'll still be cool in your decision. I know, I know that I don I don't know, there's been people that's lower than me that I felt bad being around people being around friends. And they, and they point, they, they may tell a story. You cross them and I might have crossed them and I go home and think about it and like, oh shit. You didn't realize how much value they added to your life. Exactly. How much value or I might have took advantage of a situation.


I've been on this journey of correcting advantages that I might've took. You have been. That's gross. You know what I'm saying? So I and I think y'all. Yeah. But even in that you gotta live with the loss of a good friend. If they on the other side of, yo you did some shit, there's no coming back. That's very true. They don't, a good person Don't have to accept You. Right. But it it, It is hard to accept that It is because you would try to apologize. I change, you wanna show them I change, it doesn't matter. Let me show you. And then you start to think because if you, then you start to trick yourself and manipulate yourself to get mad all over again. Okay. You never really value me 'cause my apology isn't valuable to you. So talk about it on Patreon. 'cause this nigga cold blooded nigga, this nigga ice nigga, silver surfer nigga.


Nah, I don't think so. That nigga what? I think that nigga the way this nigga taught. Nah, my man, I'm Trying just think I'm a good guy. Nah, I be looking at that nigga like he a sucker. So I'm See that? I think you are a good guy. No, you a sucker sometimes like me dog. Not You. Every talking about me. He said it twice. No, When you, no, when somebody do certain shit to you, my nigga. Yeah, we could go to Patreon. I ain't with that, but he needs it. He don't say it though, so he lets you, that's a fucking trick. It's like some fucking mazes. Not my fault. I feel like Joe is a good stock to have. How I view myself, nigga. Oh that's that Bitcoin. If if you, if you in it for, if you in it for the wrong, if you in it for the wrong reasons. I say Joe was a good stock to have that shit going up, up, up, up.


I always felt like that. I may be, if you're not in it, fuck all this. I don't know. I told you what I made already pocket YI told you I three, three x whatever it was. Nah, it was more Than three. Nah, it was three or four, Five or six. Who Counts? I I had to account for it in my estate planning it that it's that much. Nice. Yeah, but if you're not in it for the wrong reasons, then there's no reason for any of this to ever come up. We just friends. True. Alright man. Damn this sit With You, right? E you feel this big E I don't give a fuck what y'all got to say out there.


This guy will be missed. And That's why I like, yo now this nigga this, This man will be missed. I don't like to fall off. I don't like how the breakup is going between my love for, for him and his catalog. I don't Love it. But this man right here, yo, it's one of the best times in music. In y'all lives, in your entire lives In love With someone. Listen man. Yeah. I missed a nigga that was getting hurt. Dub played. That's why he did what he did violated. That's Why he did. That's why he fucked everybody girl.


Yep. That's why he fucked everybody girl. Oh but you did that to me. Yeah. I don want to talk about that. I do. You lose 'em. How you get 'em, how you come in is how you go out. Look, look, Niggas don't wanna talk about that. I love you. So you bogged out. Something's wrong with you. I May be, I may be. I got some wild ideologies. But this one hurts man. This is, It had to be somebody but, but before somebody in your life that might have yo and when you went up, you might have shot at the Mac Jay-Z over Drake versus Jay-Z over everybody. To me Jay-Z over everybody. Me. That's a Horrible look at Jay-Z. You got Jake B and Jay-Z. You say Kanye West.


I mean a Spice. Spice. I think Ho might have a hard time with Kanye just because his producer bag, he's got so much of his greats Don't like it. Jay-Z has a very, but JZ has a hard time with very hard at 20 songs. Anybody in the world has a hard time with this boy. Verse Drake getting that pin bag. It's over. Everybody has a hard time. Oh everybody. It's no winning. Well, who I am in my spirit and soul would never let me say that. Everybody has a hard time with him, but it should be beat because it's gonna be, it's gonna be about what people's personal preferences are at that point. Song matchup. You know what I'm saying? It's about the, your preferences at that point. This nigga's great For sure. Drake Man, this boy Is good. Boy Yo, keep us in your prayers.


Lord knows we need to be there. Keep him in your prayers too. This fall off is horrible. Until then I bid you would do Farewell Adio, Reba Dichi, OTA Lata arvo. So long. Goodbye. A simple head novel. Suffice. Hopefully you've enjoyed this broadcast as much as we enjoyed delivering it to you. Remember that life is a series of moments and this was a long moment and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have Last, but certainly not least, the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel to close minded women want you to teach them things. She ain't got ass.


She just sitting on a countertop. Grab you with Tylenol. You might need it. What's everybody's weekend plans? Talk to me. Talk to me. Talk to me. Work. Put things together. Some family shit. Family shit. All right. Family shit. We got work. Shit. Big Mel staying in town, huh? Ish. Some working shit. Some house shit. I said you going outta town man. I'm not going outta town. No, no. She here. Damn. Well be rain. I'm not sneaking around. All she do is sneak yo. Man, would you take the Amtrak? This, this, this point in your life. Just you Take the Amtrak? Yeah. Oh Amtrak.


Yo. Everybody enjoy their weekend. Stay safe. Head on a swivel with all times. At all times. We will Be back same time, same place next week. Yo my man, my man worked for Amtrak. Speaking of Ella. Listen this Bro, y'all keep up. Look, this niggas the greatest nigga is on a Ella train going from New York to dc. Nigga gets on a train looking weird. Like they said he was mad suspicious. They kept asking him for his ticket, for his ticket, for his ticket. He ain't give nobody a ticket. They stopped. They ain't stopped. They made a detour to Ella in Philly. The cops came, the nigga had a bag of guns this big on the Ella train.


When was this? Just recently? Yeah, last week. Yeah man, My man works for Amtrak. Oh, got it, got it, got it, got it. It is on a cell and they going to dc So your man Wasn't a nigga that got locked up? No, No. My man works for Amtrak and they said yo, luckily the, the, the conductor took it upon his own discretion to get off in Philly. They don't know what would've happened. But they caught the nigga. I got the picture of the guns, A bag of guns. Three handguns, two rifles. I got the bag, I got the picture in my phone. That's crazy. That's crazy. So keep your head on the swivel when you brought up the Amtrak. I, I Brought it up. Yeah. Shout to you man. That shit is crazy man. The ticket, first class, ticket joint Again. Head on a swivel at all times.


We praying for the people inside and outside of these rooms. We praying for the homeless. We praying for the sick. Both physically and mentally. All of y'all and our prayers, man. Let's do our best to get back here next week. Same time, same place. We've enjoyed this. Hopefully y'all have enjoyed it as well. We going, man, I don't know what I'm getting into this weekend. I gotta see. Shout to the bitches that just go with the wind blows. Oh, I'm just going with the flow. It's going with the vibe of the night. The bus Vibe of the night gonna get you crap and some crab legs going to the Knicks game.


Probably go get some garden G. Lizzie. Hey, I love a garden g Lizzie with the little seafood. What'd you want me to do man? Go home. Watch little, little land. Landman is crab savage. Crab. Crab. That's crab. That's even worse. Crab. I don think that crab tastes great with the Izzy. Whatever We on it. No nigga. I'm Not. You might not. No. The seafood spot is next to the izzy spot. Oh dude. The surf Turf in the garden. Garden. You Doing a surfing turf? I thought it was crab meat in the grizzard. That's what I thought. Something. Oh Fuck Mel, get Tupperware. Shut the fuck up. That's what you need to go do this Weekend when your birthday. Oh, I passed. We don't know November. We don't want a big Mel.


52. I mean fuck off 50 50. The big five. No it's not. How old you turning 49? Yes nigga. You close. You gonna be 49. You will sneeze at 50. I think so. Yo word. You're 50. You 50. Okay, y'all, can you just wrap? Can we throw you a 50th birthday Party? I'm talking about me Actually. Yes, exactly. But we not inviting, Begging again. No invite. None Of your friends. We go by our own friends. You know we invite, oh man, It's the I don Sketchers Blank Doc. Carter turn rapper in.


She might be a plus one. No, I heard a peep about Mandy outta you since she moved to fucking Mississippi. You've Never heard of peep about Mandy outta me. She moved. I don't know. I'm just talking. She did up Doing that to the girl. Shout. Mandy. Are you getting in now? Nowadays? Oh shit. Getting in. What? Anywhere. Anywhere you want to go. Oh, he was saying, Oh, same way I got in for the last 48 Years, nigga.


Yeah, with this new laptop.