
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show Man. come on. Fuck that. you know what I mean? come on. You already know. Still sounding beautiful and luxurious. Welcome to all. Welcome to all Mike. Mike. My mic sounds nice.


Check one. What's up man? What's happening? Doing? What's good? What's good? What's good, shit? Chilling. Chilling. Feeling good. How y'all doing? Feeling great. Couldn't be better. We got some fall weather. Finally. Yes. My It is God. Love it. You think it's here to stay? Yes. I hope. Okay. It means it here to stay. Have you been watching Earth? I mean for the last, no, because we all know three years, seven New York will have like that, you know resurgence of summer weather. you right around October and it becomes like fucking blazing. Hip hop and r and b out there. It's like fucking hot. You right, that's that's a real tourist version of New York. It's not. You guys know I'm right. It is. It's not. She's right. She's right. Couldn't be more Wrong. I am so right.


The Wrongest I've ever heard you be. No, not Actually, no. I'm right. There was two some two Octobers of that. That ain't been a thing. It'll pop up. We'll get a little couple days. Hot man. It is brisk time. It is. It is hoodie time. Buy a coat. But you're gonna get these days, get a North face. You're still gonna get the warm days to pop back up. You got 85. It is over. Y'all are holding on. It is over. It is over. I'm ready for the fall. Same It is nippy outside today. You had to go to the hoodie section of your closet and look at all of them. The thick ones too. Heavy ones. It is jacket time. Take y'all ass to Zara and get the Triple Goose Zara.


The Threequarter one. Y'all know the Chumpy. Go ahead. Go ahead. Pull your pea coats out. It is over. I cut the heat on. Still trying to be cute in the house. Naked. Wait, wait the heat On? I cut the Heat on. I cut the heat on in my house. Yes. It's time now. It is over. You can open A window. It is it's excuse. Yeah, It's window time. I mean not open a window. Close the window. It is not that. It's not that cold. Nah, you cut the heat on and take the chill off. It's heat time. It is real quick. Just take the chill off. I walk around the house nude. I walk around my house. Butt ass. That's why you sick. You niggas is fucking 50 in pajamas.


I walk around butt ass in my house. And when your butt gotta do the little shimmy shake, that's Cause you letting know the frigidness get you your Balls if you wouldn't be sick. Ooh. It is nippy When. you gotta worry about that. Get out the shower cold. Y'all getting out the hot shower with the air. It is over for that. Parks is white. He the only one that can get away with this Hoo nanny. Yeah. No, No ac no heat for a couple weeks. See I I also think No He ain no ac for a couple weeks. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's white shit. Parks is a barbarian maybe. That's definitely white shit. We go from the AC to the heat to the heat fair and then back to the ac. When this time That's I'm there's never an off.


Nah, Ain't nothing off. Nah, there's nothing off. I Look at the off button and get a phrase like am I confident enough in my, in my body temperature right now? No. No. When it's off that means something broke me. What? The bill ain't paid something Stupid. Yo. Nah ain't This shit. Ain't ain't ain't cutting off. Nah. Little, little break on the electric bill for a month. I'll take it. You Got it man. don don't care about that. That's true. And you get your half. I still need the AC on at night. Same. Yeah. You don't get half for that. No. About to say Look what you investigating. Yeah. A word. What would you have said? You the judge? No that's hilarious.


Oh It is fall. It's fall. It is fall in New York is the best time in New York. In the world. It is fall. The weather has changed the September sniffles And by the time you audience members out there are hearing this, I'm waking up bright and early and I'm on my way straight to our house. That's right. Going to our house bright and early in the morning to buy to be a Karen. To buy what? What's Our house? To be a god damn Karen Furniture Store. Oh. Oh Okay. Our house is a furniture store that I brought some outdoor furniture from in around June.


Oh okay. Not happy with it. It hasn't gotten here yet. Oh. Shit. I spent a bunch of money in our house. It is custom though. Right? They got the building and shit. Right. And they sent my shit yesterday. Oh. Oh. Shit just in time for you to put it up for the winner. Oh they put oh they played. That's not funny But No, that's funny. They ain't tell you the timeline. It wasn't this while you're getting a good Kiki. That wasn't my punchline. Okay. What? What Wrong? They sent my shit without cushions. Oh. Shit. They on the way. I'm on the way.


Send them in a different box. They didn't come. I just got metal furniture out there that you can't sit on 'cause there's no cushions. Wow. That's funny. He won that out. That wasn't the punchline. And then my girl don't make no situation better in life. There's no situation where I'm on the edge and she don't insert a battery in my bag. She gassed you Then? She sends me the prices currently. Oh slash oh Nah. Of everything that I purchased slash The discounted prices In June season over. Yeah. So on Saturday. you Know what? No.


Whoa, whoa, whoa. Call them up and say since this just got here yesterday. Melyssa, I'm there already. He ain't Calling. He's going in. No. And tell them to price match it. Melyssa, I'm already in somebody's face. I'm trying to, I'm trying to take the battery out of your back and provide a solution. I'm there getting a solution as as this is airing. Okay. Okay. And When. I say slash the prices They splash. They saw you walking. They saw you coming in. Shit was 16 grand Is eight. Oh man half man Shit. That was seven grand is about four.


Yeah I was in there. Hey gimme eight of these. Gimme not they fucking, why I he walked out there was like we got 'em. They threw A little party. I'm such a Karen. I'm texting him already. Who You texting? What did the Texas sound like? That's what I'm Texting or I'm texting the ai. I'm texting Orrin the chat assistant. I'm texting my home girl. All of the people that help When. you spend that much money in the store. People help and exchange phone numbers. I ain't texting everybody. What time you start texting em? He ain and Karen, This is unacceptable. I started texting When I ain't seen no cushions. They responded.


Yeah. Yeah. When you Money. It wouldn't get that money. Different of customer service in high end stores. I just wanna know what the response for white love. I'm there now. So on the next episode tune in. Tune in To our house. Tune in on the next episode. Have it Joe. Huh? Let 'em have it. I am. I ain't got no shame with me to Karen. I Know I've seen you in action. Absolutely not. I actually like when I gotta get in that bag. I do. I do exert some fucking black pri privilege from once. I can't even say it. That's how you know it. You don't even get, that's how you know it. You you don't come around. It ain't Frequently. He said that ain't black privilege. Oh that's true.


Oh that's true too. Yeah. Rich privilege. Yeah. Well It is good when black people have it. There you go. Indeed. That's true. There we go. Don't forget about Demisexual. Like to be saw. Welcome Matt in front of somebody's door. And it was one of those welcome mats that's like in this house. We welcome all genders, all religions, all colors all. And there's like 10 things on it, which is very inclusive and I like that. But I think it could be more inclusive if it just said Welcome To all. Just welcome.


Because that includes everybody already. It includes people that can't see very good. you know, don't make me read the whole thing to find out if I'm allowed into your, don't make me be like, wait honey I gotta see if Jews are on here but okay we're good. Let's go. you know, just put welcome. It's also nicer to the kid in the sweat shop that has to sew it together. you know Oh Shit. Now you know there's like a 9-year-old in Pakistan that's like ah and pansexual.


I'm my presidents to represent me. Who won the bet that we don't touch none. Stack Ched forever. Live treacherous set of us to the death of us, me and Mafi. You feel Leon niggas just round by the Young Dolph with ate like snow. We don't just shine. We illuminate the show. You feel me from the other side. Would love to kill me. Spill threes of my blood into the street. Let Mike check Mike Sha 1, 2, 1 2. None says fall the New York like hole. When my man laid up on the uptown high block Got it side sprayed up. I saw his life slipping. This is a minor setback.


Shout to wherever you might be listening. Scream about to get back nigga for me, I do you one better miss Lady niggas faithfully. Murder is a tough thing to digest. It's a slow process and I ain't got nothing but time. I had Bruts not to mention three shots, close range, never touch me. Divine inter stop by life. I dabbled in crazy way without rap. I was crazy straight. But I'm still spending money for 80 Y and Atlanta. The free with the blacks and slave. Three fifths of a man. I believes the phrase I 50% of Ducay is dead free.


Yeah. A hundred percent of Ace of spade worth half a beat Roc Nation half for that. That's my piece. Hundred percent the title to bus. Sit up with my cheese smokes. My niggas won't ever work together. You run a checkup but they never give leverage. I got a hot take about this verse. Separate I don Dunno if I'm ready to share it. Resort. I think I like this verse. Better than God did. Better. We started out food in our gave us. I did. Since you discarded that not hot, we made the project away. You came back reinvested and gentrified and some nigga sense of pride in the hot.


That's free. People stole the his nigga. Three Jersey. What up Jersey? What up? Got a billion dollars inflating numbers like we be happy about this. We was praising Billboard but we were young. Now I look at Billboard like it's you dumb to this day, grandma Afraid what I might say they gonna have to kill me. Grandmama, I'm not a slave. Check out the bizarre rapper style. Use by me the show. B, look at my hair free. Carefree niggas ain't N free. Enjoy your chain. What? Your employer, your name with the headpiece. I survive. Hook. No shy can rob me, my counsel. Good. I'm practically living Tax free factory. That's me. Tow drugs got away Scott Free.


That's a C cce copy. Kill free still me and expect me tonight. Fill away to this day you would say, y'all kill me sucker free. No shucking me. don don't Ja Turkey say happy Thanksgiving. Shit. Sound like murder. Murder me. Smoke free. All of y'all calling out to free out millions that you want to put a hole in me. Sugar free season. But I'm store free. You lay a hand or hold my chew to shoot for free. I promise. World War three, send an order through a hands free kill you in 24 hours or shorter. You can't ignore the hands speed on God. It's off the head. This improv, but it's no comedy. I fell.


Ha. And This is what it feels like. And this is what feels Like. Wake it up out there. My favorite type of weather. Virgo season Still in full effect. Oops. It Is What it feels. Let's go. Let's get to it out there. And This is what it feels like.


Everybody on the way to work right now with up all the kids in school right now feels everybody down right there. Everybody in college Right now, trophy And bricks. Way before Arby's double disc 40 on my lap. Clap sound like 40 did the mix. Fil bass sip coat like the Micin star. Chef. Chef kiss to my ribs. I go dummy with my left. I arrest on my dick. Try to audit all my checks too late. you know they hate When. you become more than they expect you let them crack or storm your capital. Put they feet up on your desk. And yet you talking tough than me. I soul my little respect. I'm telling in the open, bringing folks home from the feds. I know the payback gonna be me. I'm saving all my little bread. Pray for me y'all one day I'm gonna have to pay for these thoughts. Real niggas is a stink.


It ain't safe for me. My daughter killing niggas in they all that makes sense to you with all you burn your bridge to the other side. you know you can't swim across. Y'all know niggas can't swim. They fried. Mike Ney die. Y'all know niggas can't win. You never laying. No joke aside, I arrived on the day prayer. He thank God. Perfect. Alright, y'all ready to ride? Y'all ready to ride? Ready to ride? Just to clarify further, let's go. Let's go. Let's first Chairman mix with Jeff Fo. Big Step on the Jet with my neck cross. Black Stones on my neck. Y'all can't kill Christ. Black Messiah is what I feel like. Shit ain't gonna stop y'all.


What's that? Mel and E. All right. Flip is on vacation, but he's here with us in spirit. Always. Welcome to episode. I wanna say 7 61 of the Joe Button Podcast brought to you by Fueled By Power, by PrizePicks. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, highly favored host. Joe button here with a few really amazing people. Melyssa Ford is in the building. Bootie. Who? Bootie. Who Bootie. Who? Amani is here. Isha here is is here. Parks is here. Pose here. Corey is here.


Ericsson is here. Tanner is here. And all of you guys most importantly are here. What's up? How we feeling? Everybody good? I'm feeling good man. Feeling great. Everybody good? Yeah, absolutely. Energy feels like it's a little Feel like fall. Feel. Yeah. Fall. Fall. don don't know. Fall vibes. Yeah. Y'all need some pumpkin spice lattes? Oh my God. No, No, no. I don't. Shit ain't bad Though. You gonna uber it Here I will. If everybody i'll, I'll make a Starbucks run or Uber it. Whatever. I would love a frappe. A fra, A pumpkin spice one. I'll take. Okay, I'll take an order. Yeah. Y'all are old and disgusting.


Pumpkin spice. Gimme a macho while you at it. Why Done Pumpkin spice? I take a Cappuccino. You walk up to the the Starbucks County drive through and do that. That's What you do. Yes. Yeah. I wanna mocha latte. Do You get a pup Cup? I do get a pup cup. What The fuck? What the fuck for a dog? I'm glad it wasn't just me. Just whip You just whipped cream for the dog. Yeah, they put in little, little cup. It's pup cup. You. You dead ass. Yeah. Dead ass. You've never, you've never heard of. Well he doesn't have dog. Never. And you wonder why your dog is shitting back there. I was just About to say it's not, she Didn't have a popup cup today. A Pop cup, mad Popup cup. It's once in a while, you know, like maybe like once every six months I'll get her a popup cup if I'm at Starbucks.


It's a thing. Everybody's good. We Good? We ready to talk about something other than popups? We, we for we we're. Alright, what's most important to you? What means the world to you? Hey. Hey. Okay, well Diddy is staying in the headlines just because everybody's just keeps talking about it. It's the most recent thing is Dr. Umar is saying that the entire Diddy case is a distraction for the 2024 election. And that there was no difference between his freak offs and what went on at Hugh Hefner's Playboy mansion. I actually sent you a clip. Oh, you didn't wanna just play the clip? I can't with the little mechanism thing here that you plug in your phone.


I can't do it with mine. No. Yes, the the New phones are out. You know what, it's been two years. Here's the sitch. Okay. This is a 13. I am not one of those people that goes and gets every single model. I wait a couple of years. So I went from the eight to the 13 and now I'm gonna go from the 13 to the 16. 'cause I heard the 15 was trash. So, I got the new one. Do you? Yep. Okay. Saturday morning at the malls Carrying my way right by that line. They had a long line out there still. Like this was back in the day. That shit was wrapped all the way past fucking, what's that Ice cream shop? Baskin Robbins, whatever that shit is past the little cubicle, past Lululemon wrapped around ta.


They the fool. Genius Bar appointment. You can't beat It. Is that how you do it? That's how you sneak in. No. What is Genius do? I'm telling you what to do. That's what listen to me. Genius. And I ordered the phone, but so what Genius Bar appointment for Monday. Not even that day. Monday one 15, I walk in, Hey I got an appointment from Monday, but here I am, but this is what's going on. Make up some shit. Oh my phone is, oh it's really aggravating me. Yeah. I can't function. And then they take the phone and try to fix it. And then, then you say not mind, just get the, do you guys just have a new phone?


I might as well just get the new phone. Like I might as well. This is so much of a hassle. I might as well just get the new one. Right. I like that Approach. And then they pull up the new ones and I'm in the game. If you don't know what the Genius Bar is. Oh, Apple's customer service. What they call that for Android. Anyway, lemme find. come on, find a call. I mean, Androids don't break. So Mel Gonna start with some Dr. Umar black man. Shit, come on. I Mean, let's see what he's saying. Let's see, let's see. Is don don't want to hear with Dr. Umar or something? Wow. Oh Shit. I fuck with Dr. Umar. They won't even gimme a permit for the parties man. They don't want me to throw the parties. That's not the clip. We Ain't gonna stop that. That was another clip. Where did he predicted his arrest?


Like many, many years ago. So, No, there we go. Why they did it at this time. I'm talking about the timing, not just the agenda. The timing. you know why they gave black people Puff Daddy during election season? you know why they gave black people Puff Daddy during election season? The reason they gave you Puff Day during election season. The reason they decided to serve up Sean, puffy Combs. We gotta be shit me A few weeks before the election is they want to distract you from the laws that they are pa Keep on, keep going, keep going, keep going.


No, no, no. I'm, I will not keep going. If y'all would like to talk about something from here. Say it. This broadcast is too big to start with Dr. Umar's opinion on the election and Puff. Okay, so there's a couple more slides. No, You can just talk. I don't want to just, just talk, talk me through it. No, I wanted, I wanted to get to the, to me the more in interesting part of That is when he starts comparing him to Hugh Hefner and the freak offs versus what allegedly went on at the Playboy mansion. I think that's the more interesting part. Because I mean like who's they and talking about the election?


No, this is, this is when chickens come home to roost. That's what's happening right now. Yeah. See the, yeah, the election part lost me with the comparison to Playboy mention. Think That's a I'm on the board. Yeah, I think that's way more compelling because I think that there's some people who think yeah, there's no difference whatsoever. And there's people that think there is a marked difference between the two, you know? And after conversation, I feel like some of us are on one side and others are on the other side. There's no difference. It's a difference. Difference. There's Difference. Difference in probably the things that are happening. And the difference is, I, me personally, I think Puff stopped playing the game and they said, okay, we going call you out on your bullshit and you have which game? The game, the industry game. That's possible. However, When you, where do You stop playing the industry game?


I'm gonna sound like the conspiracy theorist guy now, but when he had the issues with the liquor company and you start going down that path. All right, we gonna stop letting you play But hold suit company. Yeah, I Was about that. Just what I was about to say. Y'all might as well get y'all foil hats. No, I'm just saying what's going on Bro? I'm just saying. I heard pre-production. I hear what's going on. Let's get the tin foil out. My, my thing is, go ahead. The difference is When, you When, you insert the violence, then the whole dynamic changes. You understand what I'm saying? Bro? That's, and hold on, you Have to smack the shit out A bunch of bitches. I don. Hold on. I don. We don't know that to be true. Yes we do.


Nor nor do we have. It's in his Dock. We've Heard stories nor do we have Hugh. Hefner on tape slamming a girl in the hotel kicking her while she's down. That's so When. you bring in the violent stuff now. It just, I Think violence is violence whether you see it or not Agree With. That's true. But when Casie, we don't know we, yeah, when Cassie had the her lawsuit come out, people were all just like, oh it's a money grab until they saw the video and they were like, Oh, Shit. She just Telling the the truth. Y'all get shit. I'm just saying violence beget. It's True. But usually when it's violence against women, you need actual visual proof. Proof to believe that she's telling the truth. So it's, it Means not tried for the violence. That's true. No, but what happens? But hold on, he's not tried for the violence, the sex trafficking.


We read definitions. Once you start talking interstate and all of this things. So Puff was doing this here, here, here, here, here, here, here. There are people coming to the Playboy mansion. Are they own married or whatever? So. I do see a difference in what? Puff Now whatever took place there. Yeah, maybe the same things took place at both parties. But for the definitions, I'm just sticking to what words mean. When we started talking about what sex trafficking is, you have to now bring somebody across state lines and these things of that nature. It don't show that that Hef was doing that at the Playboy man. And also When. you think about the Playboy mansion, you Think about, I'm not defending neither one Of these. No, but you think about, you think about the context of Playboy and the Playboy mansion.


It's kind of like, you know what, you know, there's an assumption of what's happening. When, you go there. Same should be said about pop parties Assumption. It's not necessarily, it's like the whole empire is built on nudity and sexuality. Puff is not, that's not his empire. That's not what it was built on. That's what the quote unquote criminal enterprise is built on. But not that. So when, look, I've been to both places. I've been to both parties. Boy, I played my manion party was shit. Talk to these niggas, man. Oh, Shit, Oh, Shit. Talk to these niggas Right quick. The playboy inside were, yeah, y'all mute up. They were a lot of fun. I never saw anything debaucherous. It was a lot of people. Everybody was clothed.


There wasn't even bunnies. So I've Been to both too, by the way. She ain't just gonna stunt on the room. I've been to both too, by The way. Then you have to give your experiences So I Couch over there. Did both of y'all stay until the end? And did you get the crowd? Did both of y'all go ahead and, and and and like I went into the grotto. I Come with So you Walked off? No, I was clothed. I walked. He Does not have a microphone. So I. Sorry. Sorry. I'm sorry. I did go into the grotto. But You can walk around the grotto and you don't necessarily have to get in the water. And I didn't bring a bathing suit with me. And I was same. I just wasn't gonna do that. Like I was, I was there for the party. So, I don't like you doing that. They but I don understand. I don't like you doing I don. I don't like you being able to, to say that. YI Haven't been there. No, no, no. Shout up man.


I don't like being able to say, well, the, the experience was, 'cause you said it was dope. Yes. I had, I had, I had very good experience Been people who went to a puff party and said, that was dope Bro. There's, And I had been to a punk party to punk parties And bro difference bro, people that's been around rapists, et cetera, and be like, yo, I ain't never seen him act like that. That's a fact. That sounds like defending that saying no defense. I've been at that party, But I ain't we have of people speaking about the events that happened at the Playboy Mansion. Yes, we have that. Yeah. It might not be prevalent today. It might not be popular today, but there have been past stories of people talking about things that have happened to them. Indeed at the Playboy manion, he just got buried under because the person who was at the realm of it was, he played the game.


He had Enough connections And he didn't bother. No, he was powerful. Did what he did, what he did to stay in part to get away with a lot of that Shit. Yeah. I don't see the difference between, between, I don't see the Difference. I think that When you bring in, again, the violence and all. I think even in puff's freak offs, nobody would've said shit if the violence and all those other things were not starting to become more and more publicized. don don't think nobody give a fuck about niggas just having sex in a different type of manner than typical sex. So you don't think that Cassie filing her lawsuit allowed other victims to feel like they were, they now had the the platform in in a, in order to Yes. Yes. you know, file their own suits. That's that's what but that's, but that's what always happens.


They have, but that's not, they have to wait for the flood gates to open. That's what happened with Harvey Weinstein. You always wait for that one person who says, you know, screw it. The whistleblower. The whistleblower. Exactly. And then the flood gates are open and then everybody starts coming outta the woodwork. The, and it shows a pattern And then plus it, the video evidence now leads credence to all, All Yes. All The place. The violence piece is the piece that makes people start saying, yo really fuck this nigga, after they saw him throw the girl on the ground kicker and do all of those things that they did. Now it, it opens up the gates for him to start being persecuted. And now All This shit is true in the public opinion's eyes. Because again, we, like you brought up last pod about the half haircut she had.


There were, there was stories about how that happened. Yeah, but we didn't see anything that said Oh Shit that validated it. Not saying we didn't believe it, but there was nothing that said that stamped it like Oh Shit. He really was abusing her. That hotel video cha that plus her actual filing, that lawsuit changed everything. Yeah. But the fact of the matter is, is that if there is really no difference between the two, a lot of the documentaries now about the Playboy manina, about Hugh Hefner indicate that he was in fact violent and that a lot of sexual assaults did happen. And none of these women felt like specifically e especially at that time, that they felt like they could actually say what happened or go to authorities or tell anybody because of the time.


It just kind of leads back to what I'd said last pod where, you know, as time has gone on, we have a different, you know, vocabulary and understanding of, you know, consent and what sexual assault actually is and stuff like that. And also, you know, both Hugh, Hefner and Puff were extremely powerful at one point. And it would've been like screaming into the void if you'd actually tried to say something or blackballed or worse. And the other part is, which is a more noun thing today thing. People are actually believing victims. They're actually listening to victims. Exactly. See before it was, you said something about him. Ah, shut up. Right? Yeah. 'cause Cassie ain't the first person to speak out. And there's been plenty of people who've been close to Puff in the past who have been on years on the u on YouTube just talking, just giving it up and saying what they saying.


It's just a matter, it was no highlight on it because nobody believed him. No one. Not just nobody Cared. No one cared. Nobody cared about the victim. When the, when the, the person that they're speaking about is a powerful person or a liked person or a loved person, I should say. Nobody cared. So what changes that now? Because I, because it started to change before the video came out. I, eh, I think the video was monumental. I think the video coming out was monumental. I think it erased all doubt. Any area for doubt. And I think that that was it. I think that was the turning point in his life. What, what we can get outta here. What, what puff what changed was the person filing that lawsuit?


The fact that it was Cassie who was there for all that time. She was believable right out the gate. Usually when it comes to victims, people victim blame or ah, what'd you do there? And there were people that tried to blame her, but a lot of people believed her out the gate that worked in her favor and that worked in favor of everybody starting looking him a little differently. Then the video was icing on the cake. True. Agreed. Yeah, agreed. The, the little, the little memoir is starting to lend a little credence to it too. 'cause it's someone else that's so connected to him that we want to take credence to anything that's being said even though it's unauthorized. We don't know if this actual memoir is real, but the Kim Porter, Yo this is such a juicy story that niggas is just gonna keep finding new additives and I mean Plot twists and new get the tinfoil.


Yeah. This is more propaganda. We do not, this is rest in peace. Kim Porter, we do not know if these are her words. We don't know if this is her book. One side says Hey there was a secret vault and they Got it. The other side says that some white man just wrote some shit and is selling it. And now it's number one. I don't know. And again, I want to be responsible with the broadcast. So if we don't know we should say that. Well we don't know. I said that last, we don't, we Know, We know We know shit. We Don't know. There's a lot. And while I agree with everything that y'all said earlier about Puff and who he is and what he has done and Cassie and the video and yada yada yada. I do feel like there is a lot more at play like all week.


I just been thinking about I agree. you know, like Mel said, I've been to both, I've been here, I've been there and all week I just think been thinking about just who been there? Everybody, everybody Been there. Everybody. Everybody. I mean Everybody. And you know what, this is gonna sound crazy. Like I, I think we might in the black community, I don't even think we know who the fuck puff really is. That's true. Yo, that's true. Yeah, that's True. Honestly like we caught up on Mo Money More Problems and Benjamin's and, and and and the hits and the slaps who Puff has ascended to past music is a man that's connected and just some really, really different fronts.


I'm talking about, I done seen niggas that's like, huh? Like I feel like once you get to that kind of financial threshold, Even to get There, It's no longer just rappers and models hanging and To get there, you know? And it's fucked and it's fucked up as just about the sound. That's why I don't understand why he didn't pay her. I just don't, for the life of me, I don't get that. We keep talking about it. Arrogance and also, you know, there's a lot of, you know, you're, we're seeing a lot of paying Her. Don't that's, I'm sorry. Paying her didn't mean that I asked that last part. Paying her didn't mean that nothing was gonna stop. Yeah, That's true. I think that Ball was already rolling. Well No, no. I see ICE's point because her lawyers, her team of lawyers came to him first and they said this is what we want and this is what we, what we say this is what we, this is what we're going to say.


If you do not give us what we want. And That is the point in which he could have paid. And then we know none of us know anything about the lawsuit. And then maybe these other lawsuits don't happen. Maybe it's, it maybe it changes the trajectory. It's of Everything I think this puff shit is passed. Just the incident with Cassie. Yeah I think, I think It's Fed was already in Order. I think it's been in order. I think it's bigger than our pay grade. I think there's some other shit going on that I agree with that really initiated that proceeding the way it did. There's a, there's a lot of sources, you know, who claim to be very close to him. Especially in these most, you know, in these most recent years talking about his drug use and how it affected his behavior and how he's basically been an addict for the last 15 years. And I feel like they're, I I don know if they're like saying this to a, almost like apply like a salve to this situation to kind of give some kind of excuse for his behavior that he was, you know, kind of out of his mind.


'cause That is not an excuse but It is being reported like more often than not. Like I've heard it like from three or four different sources and blogs and stuff saying that his drug use had gotten to the point where he was an addict and out of control. Yeah. Steve just said it. Steve Stout just said it on the pivot. Alluded to he did his addiction problems. Did it? Yeah. Yeah. He was pretty, was pretty forthcoming in that very, he was interview. I was shocked. I mean not shocked 'cause we've talked to him but More than he's ever been before regarding Puff. Yeah. When, you certain mentioned certain people and are pretty candid about it. I was, I was like oh Okay. I know they was talking about that pink powder substance that was found too and how that might be a concoction of some different things.


Again, more speculation. Tin Foil had, yeah, Right. Tin Foil had on, Well the supposed Kim Porter unauthorized biography is apparently hit number one on like Amazon or something like that. So Al Be Shore had a lot to say about that. I made it hit number one. I Go ahead. I'm not taking Keep It up Responsibility for that shit. Up it up. They back at it. All these niggas that came here last part, oh in her book they found It. They found exactly, they found her word. She said it and then she died. Unexpected Nigga. What was interesting, we literally said we don't know if it's true or not. This is what the dude said that wrote the book. What's Interesting. We didn't say that that was her words 'cause we weren't there and we don't Know. And what's interesting is the fact that he debunks that these are his there, these are her words, but he is also, you know, calling for the medical examiner to ex exhume her body and then perform another autopsy on it.


He's, he had a very lengthy, you know, post, I'm not gonna read all all of it and You can Hear every word of it. come on, come On. I'm not gonna read all of it. And This is Alby Shore, This is Alby Sho. He said let us honor the memory of hashtag Lady kp acknowledging the strength struggles she faced and the truth she sought to reveal in her own personal notes. Not this fake unauthorized nonsense using my name to keep dragging me as a social punishment for exposing this years ago. There will be a significant suit headed right for the heads of the responsible parties who dragged my name into this Bs et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So he just kind of keeps on going on, you know, Kim and I talked, et cetera. So he's sounds like he's a little bit more pissed off about his name being mentioned in this other than the fact that, you know, besides the fact it was an unauthorized biography, but Tinfoil hat time.


Yeah, I told y'all, I told y'all what it was. So listen, tinfoil. Yeah. What, what do you think? You just keep reading shit. What do you think? I mean You clearly trying to get Potter the month, two months in a row. Take it away with all this Kick Nigga. Hey down. Shit, shut up. Get that nigga. I am. I'm not, I find this is really compelling and it's gonna be compelling for the next God knows how long, whenever the trial starts, we are all going to be glued to our TVs. Every single one of us in this room and everybody out there because we've never seen a fall from Grace like this or I can't really think of one.


Can you Shit Cosby? Yeah. Okay, that's fair. Nah, It's a little different. Cosby was 107. He and he had passed and Puff was a billionaire. It time it passed. Okay, Now this it's And Puff Puff was a billionaire. Yeah. And this is like Different stakes involved with someone that wealthy and young. I mean he just received the Global Icon Award just like, and the fucking key to New York City. Like we were just celebrating this man at the highest level Black excellence like a year and two years ago. That's what I mean by this being such a fall from Grace that we've never really witnessed something like this in our culture. I I maybe not that high, but that r Kelly fall from Grace was up there for, for everything that he was and who, what he accomplished and all of that to Noun.


But What he was accused of, those rumors had been pervasive for decades. So. So a lot of the Puff rumors or decades They talked about his sexuality, they talked about, you know, they talked about a lot how Poorly talked About he treated His artists and stuff like that. Talked about Puff for years. Okay. Can I, can I, can I say this? Yeah, for sure. I've watched someone and I'm not don don't wanna give no shouts, but I've watched someone on YouTube for the past five to six years talk about all this same shit that we're hearing today. Two, two people And specifically him because the other person I just got messed with him. So. I. But I've heard this person speak solely to all, he wrote two books and a lot of the stuff that are being claimed or being brought out now is shit he was talking about five or six years ago.


So, I kind of do want to hear some of this little shit. That is now screwing up as maybe propaganda. 'cause I think all of it might possibly be true. And by the time this trial comes and we start to really get evidence and I wanna line up to see who was what and and what was what. And I think, I think we gonna find out a lot. Like you said, we don't really know Puff. I think we're gonna find out a lot about just who he was as a man period from fuck business. Fuck how you treated your artists. Fuck the, we fuck all that. We gonna find out how nasty this nigga was. Yeah. If possible. A few things I do want to say, I'm not gonna continue on with this puff shit but last pod I was on here talking about MDC might not be the worst place to be.


My dad says that where Puff is is the last place that he wants to be. Mm. According to him who I would call, but I won't, I kicked it with him all Saturday. When I DJ'ed, my mom's birthday party. How'd it Go? Good. You bodied the set. I'm not gonna say I bodied the Set. Did you have to bring it into the controller or No? No, no, no. They had one. Oh they did. They did you use it? No Pussy playlist. You did Playlist. But I did a good job. That shit DJing It is pressure. It is It is It is. It's fun though. It is Pressure. It is fun. Pressure till something don't hit then you like Oh. Shit gotta be quick on your toes And whatever your plan is going in. It ain't, it Don't be that.


Yeah it's gonna, it's gonna change. It's gonna Change. It gotta be like a rhythm in the moment kind of thing. When I the crowd like When I thought I was in my light FM bag. I let somebody trick, I let Darren trick me. Shout out to Darren, happy birthday to my mom. Happy birthday Darren get on the dance floor with his date and I'm playing like light film. It's early. It's early and he like come on I need a little bit of that club Joey and gimme a little of that Club. Oh you got you on your back too early. And it was just him and his girl. Yeah. On the dance floor. So I tried to appease Just dumb Was dancing. I hit a little Man, All of old ass motherfucker. I hate brush the dance now you gotta keep it up.


Yeah. Oh God. And now you gotta keep it up. Sit down. Gotta keep going. Sit down Now you gotta keep it going. Oh yeah. Did you make a playlist beforehand at least? Yeah. Okay. Oh this, I'm a be prepared. I'm gonna have eight hours of music. Okay. Ready to go. Cool. But. yeah they had a good time. What was I saying? Oh my dad said that in MDC you want to be in population so that you do wanna be you. Do you want to be in population P even For Puff, Someone like with notoriety. Yes. Because on that particular floor where they put the high profile people is one hour. You might not even see nobody. There's one hour, there's no sunshine, there's no sunlight. Except for a 32nd break in the Mor like shit, there's some wild shit you talking about like a lot of people are worried about his mental health, mental health and wellbeing and will he be be able to sustain under those conditions.


And It is great that people have hearts like that. I have been holding back tears watching all of the Justin Bieber clips that have been floating around. I've watched every single one of them. Yeah. Every single one. And boy they all look disgusting. They do. They all look nasty. They really do. Yo, I've only seen the one that was a little sketchy in the club or something like that. I'm not gonna put nobody else's name in the shit. But. yeah. Everybody that saw him looked at him like a little white escort lick. A little underage escort lick. Yeah. I hate to use these insensitive terms but just to just paint a picture of what I'm trying to say. And it was everybody Allen, the other English fat dude, that's Guy Allen.


Oh yeah, James go. Yeah, James go Gordon. Yeah. Yeah him. It was P it was everybody, everybody. So I'm sitting there watching This shit and I'm like yo. And then I just went down a rabbit hole with my tinfoil hat at home. Like yo so many people that are successful in this business, they've gone through it, they've had To endure that. Yep. Like I know that Hollywood has the casting couch shit going on. But in music, so many success stories come with really, really, really dark times and secrets that nobody can share or tell. They just putting them in songs. Oh Shit, where's this Justin Bieber song?


I got that. I hear totally different now. Lemme try to find it. Not to make everybody sad, I promise we gonna get happy or something. No I'm serious. I wanna hear Though. But I'm going to try to find He's been public about it. He's been public about it on several different occasions. What do you mean? And his choice to to to take into the religion he's taken into all of that. That that was what I was gonna say. All of that was big. Yeah, yeah. Here we go. Everybody saw. And the things I It is no other white songs.


This Album. This album was crazy. I know this was it. This album was crazy. I'm just saying I hear some of the songs and When you s This shit. Yeah that little like I just hear some of this stuff different now. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I don't like people making fun of that shit. 'cause even if you were not the fan of Justin, he was a kid when all This shit was going on. None of that shit was funny. I was, Y'all should not have been trying to grab on Justin's Ass tongue kissing him, all that shit. Let's say all That shit. Yeah. And he kept saying I'm uncomfortable. No he was moving, he kept saying I'm uncomfortable and one of these shits. He said yo, my mom's right there. The radio interview? Yeah he was doing A radio interview. Say why you told I'm 15 years old? Why you talking to about Sex Oh Shit literally told him on like can We talk about the album Then the vid di Diddy press and him about why you ain't hanging Ain't called me Hanging And he starts stuttering and talking about you don't have my phone number.


Like It is all shit This shit. Shit is sick. Shit. It look like he was wild, uncomfortable Trying to get away from all This shit. He got away from it. But I'm saying in the in the clips like yo dog they was grabbing him, hugging him, kissing. He like We can't say what he got away from. We know he saying he got away from the industry in itself. He hauled ass away bro. Like he did and and some of his religious people that he sought to for consultation and all that shit. It is documented that he was really going through. I'm praying for Justin, Justin Bieber and any other, anybody else out there with seemingly just some dark stories.


You niggas is nasty bro. Word. That power is a different animal bro. That power is a a monster 'cause you keep testing it Joe. But you hear, you hear every Child Star talk about this on both sides. Hmm. Music and Hollywood, Corey Feldman shit Both Quarries. I see it in the adult stars yo. Well Yeah for sure. But then when they name names niggas be like eh, shut up like the two quarries. Yeah they was Screaming From the raps for decades. This shit. Dumb ass down. Yep. Clowned And back to the tinfoil NA's saying shit about Aaron Carter's passing. Yeah like I don't know how deep down that rabbit.


Oh y'all are? I'm not gonna share it here. Did you go, did you see the docs? The Aaron Carter docs? Yeah I watch Anything about that white family. Are you crazy? Okay. They're family lit. Yeah they was. They were going through some shit over there. Yo white docs would like yo, I'm telling you yo the bullshit. Yeah because they get on bullshit that we would never think even this Menendez shit. Yeah even this Meninde shit. Oh my Lord. Oh Shit, that's that episode five might be some of the best cinema I've Ever seen in my life. I didn't get that yet. I ain't Get that yet yet. Please That shit, how could you have not what have y'all been doing Watching Mad Shit. It is smash shit to watch On. Theres a lot shit. Shit. What is there to watch?


What is there to watch that took precedence over, Well not Her Hernandez was a week ago. Two episode Bond quick. You live alone. What happened? Whoa, whoa. What niggas go outside? Ice got a reason. We know what Ice doing. He up there in the house shooting and booting it. Yo Ice got a reason to not watch no boot. Who's doing the tooting? Yeah. Word. That's for his house. don don't know. You said he's whoa calm that shit down. Whoa Ice in there having a, having a slice. Yeah man, how you feeling man? You looking good getting a slice. I feel good You I told him that last telling you I feel good. my Nigga glowing. Your girl younger than you, right? Yeah. Bunny hopping over this nigga grass.


Grass hopping all over this fucking nigga while you lay there. Oh man, we have a good time. We have a good time. I'm getting sliced y'all's freaks. They now putting the kids to bed at three pills Giving the children's Bena drill. Yo, Who is the best, who is the best actor in the Menendez series? Oh, that's my question for you guys. Man. I'm going with the guy who's playing Lyle the actor. Who's playing? Lyle the older brother. Oh no, Not a good dude play Eric. The Eric Do playing. Erica is killing it. Eric the younger brother. Y'all further Than I am. That shit was unbelievable Where I'm at and all That.


That shit was unbelievable. I mean Chloe Avni and Javier Barde like, you know I bow down but I don't know these two actors. That's what, that's What happened. That's so funny. Per R eight bar de is he's pretty big. He's from no country for all Men. Do you not know who they are? Dad? He their Dad and Chloe's big Chloe's been to some, they're massive. They're they're They're big. They they've never been to UF shit. They Never been but the two actors playing the brothers, I'm not familiar with them. So they are, they are showing out. They are, they are showing out. Are you, how far up are you? I'm at, I just started episode five. So I haven't gotten to where you are just yet. Oh, You can up, That's the one. That's the one I'm at seven.


I could've easily finished this, but it was too good. It was too good. You want to save it a little Bit? Trying to savor This shit. Yeah. Save it for a later Because I'm not, I'm not hype on old man like y'all. I I will get to Tulsa King at some point. Aaron Hernandez. I saw everything. There is some new shit on Apple TV I'm trying to watch. I'll talk about that later. But. yeah. This was so good. Especially after episode five. After episode five, I was like, oh no, I'm not finishing this. Yeah, because then if it fool you with the whole next episode starts in five seconds. Well I ain't bet. Did I get you again? Next episode starts in five seconds. Well fuck, I ain't got nothing to do. Nah, you look up off you look up you at eight. I'm like I. don know. Turn This shit off. don don't understand that. It's too Good.


You wanna save it? Yeah. It Ain't Crum brulee nigga. It's a Series. No, nah. You, you gotta savor it. Like, okay, hold on. Just digest what That is over digest everything. That bench shit is over. Hell. I haven't even watched House of Dragons because I wanted to binge watch the whole season and get away from everybody. It's, I'm not, I not binge watching shows anymore. Me either. I need to two episodes at a time. So I can go ahead and really intake what's going on in the show that binge watching shit. Man. If This shit was good, like if It is, if it got me, I will, I'll be Oh Shit. It's over. All right. Next season I think, I think think I'm going with either one of the brothers, Lyle for me, either one of the brothers. Right, because homeboy where they keep snatching off his to pay.


Yeah. And, and how he's having to go and how he's having to go about. That's ly that. I love that. And he was the runaway brother for me until the other brother just start had had started having to cry a lot. Yeah. I don't wanna give it away. So the Therapist scene was crazy. The other brothers cry scenes and jail gay. Oh, there go my and he got a black boyfriend. He got a black boyfriend. So I'm, I'm rolling with him. I get that from You. But, but if I don't, if I'm not including the brothers, that dad is smoking This shit. Javier bar. He's, He's an amazing actor. Dad is absolutely smoking. That shit came from the tennis stands, the beat.


Hit that boy, get your ass off. That was crazy. That was crazy. Great series. Great cast. Yeah, everybody's killing This shit. Why did dumb niggas do that? Do you believe? Why did they do that? So do you b So it's not a secret. We're not, you know, you know, we're not revealing Spoiler We on spoiler alert, the trial, everything's happened. But so do you guys believe after watching this unfold that the mom or no, no, no, no. That they were sexually abused by their father? Do you know? I'm Not sure at this point. I'm not sure. Okay. Honestly, I still don't know. Because it was insinuated that like, you know, by the therapist or like, you know, just by the dialogue that was happening, that the therapist planted this idea in their heads that this would be how they would avoid Right.


The gas chamber and The, and the lawyer as well. Yeah. Had had a history of turning the defendant into a victim. Victim. That was her bag. Okay. So it could have been a lot of coaching, but I mean, I don't wanna be swayed by how powerful episode five was, but if that's how it was in real life, it, it don don't know. Can you be that good of an actor in real life? I don't know. Oh my God. And whatever episode that was where the lawyer is prepping Lau, right? The older brothers, she's trying to prep him and the other brothers in there too. And he's just going through it, just mundane, just like no feeling at all.


And she says, dog, you are going to jail. None of that shit is believable. Do something different. And his next 90 seconds to two minutes was like, Oh Shit. This is some phenomenal acting. So what he was saying, like, I got this mama. Yeah. He did it. He turned it on. Yeah, he didn't, but he, what he Said was, that's Somebody did, do you want me to cry? And then she said, yeah. And then he just went crazy. And then he left Earth. He went to another stratosphere. I start crying. That's crazy. Yo, I love watching shows and cry. I ain't gonna lie. Y'all can call me a pants if you want. I don't care. I don't care. That was some good, good acting also.


Why didn't they kill the therapist? Because They, they should have killed the therapist 100%. Once They walked into They Should have killed The therapist. If they killed the therapist, they would've been fucked. Because he'd already talked to his lover. No, no. Then they should have killed him sooner. No, but she, no, but he Didn't know. He brought her in right off the RIP. Yes. And Lyle did not know that Eric had told the therapist. Well, Eric Left the cr once Eric left the office, he went straight downstairs and called shorty like, yo, Eric shouldn't have been allowed to leave the house. Lyle looked at him while he was on his date, going in loud living, I'm out here. He looked at him like, Hey, where you headed? He said some bullshit. Oh, just going right there. The Starbucks or something. No, nigga, get in the house, get in out, don don't trust you at all.


But you about To rap. But so much time had passed, like it had been like two or three, maybe four months since their parents had died. That's not, Not a lot of time. Not a lot of time. That's not a lot of time. No. Well, so no, but they had been like, outside living life. They had been staying at the hotel, Bel Air. They had been working out. Like there was no real indication to Lyle that Eric was going through, falling apart and, and about to break. There was really no indication. And he was so, he was so like, just, I'm living the life. I'm enjoying this. They're gone. We are about to inherit all their fucking money. Oh, they're Both high as shit on cocaine. They're high as fuck. He's not, he's really not assessing that, that Eric is really, really crumbling on the inside.


He just didn't have the wherewithal to process that. But you know what, Mel even, 'cause if you go back to right before they actually committed the crime, he still ain't trust them. He was like, yo, you go first because you might back out. You gotta do this first. Like he, it was still, yeah, I Think he looked sha shaky the time. Yeah. Yeah. He did. He, he. So if, if I'm thinking about you like this, before we even do the crime, I'm watching you even, I'm gonna keep my eye on you to make sure that you don't fold. That makes sense. After the fact. Yeah. I mean, yeah. But Also, come on. 'cause I'm keeping this going. I had a lot of takeaways from the show. Yeah, sure. And I'm not done. Also fellas out there along with the therapist from the show. The second that you tell your side chick the big, big, big, big secret.


You can't break up. Yeah, it's over. Oh yeah, Sure. Like this is in page 17 of the side chick pamphlet. He Really fucked up by moving her into the crib. That was nuts. That was, eh, Some side chicks are powerful. Nah, well she, she did have the little bruja with the stones and all that shit. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. She, she might have had some power too. The other kind of stones. I could not believe that he cut off the side chick after he gave her the, the jewel the nugget. He was, that was foolish. That was so stupid. No, he shouldn't have moved the ring because that's what fucked it up. Because she started wildling. Well She started with the daughter. Yeah. Yeah. I'm talking about So. I. I he walk in and she said I could be your mommy or something. No, she gotta go.


She should not been in that house. She should Even have been there. Yeah. Fucked up. He should bought her a second apartment or something. Something. Yeah. That was crazy. I could talk to my wife about possibly moving you into the guest house, Moving side into the, we be Talking like we could create the perfect crime and not do none of This shit. We, we fuck up too though. Oh, for sure. We fuck up. I probably move side bitch into, But we can sideline coach shit. I think my fuckups will be, They caught homeboy in the Bronx or wherever that was or uptown for that body that was under the bridge with no feet and no hands and no teeth Caught him. Yeah. Where he killed his roommate. How they had him on tape along on video, along with an accomplice dumping, going to actually dump this.


Gotcha. Oh. Shit. But Got It It. is this the one that they thought a serial killer from? Yeah. I'm not certain Because there's a rumor of a serial killer going around New York. Remember Brooklyn? That's in Brooklyn Right now? Yeah. Yeah. Whoa. Shit. All Wait, I Didn't hear about this and you didn't tell me that. No. So there's, there was some guys that ended up, there's a, a certain club in Brooklyn. Mirage. Mirage that mage a couple, a couple of dudes had been turned up in that area who were leaving. That club ended up dead. Huh? Like, I think they found like three. What needs to happen to be called a serial killer? You have to kill three or more people and there has to be a cooling off period between each murder. Are you okay? Two are, do you need help?


Like, why did you know that so soon? I I watch a lot of serial killer shit. I went to school and kind of studied This shit though. Oh yeah. I forgot You Forensic psychology. That's what Dexter bitch word. And he was Yeah, Dexter did the same shit. Yeah. Well he, you know, he was a blood spatter expert. Completely different. I wanted to be a profiler, A serial killer in New York. It's a rumor. 'cause I think they're also trying to put some other bodies on this alleged Yeah. Person that may or may not be connected. And then in more local news, since we're, since we're here, sorry, listeners from all over the world, apparently these two girls ran and fucking ran in them fifth ass doors and tried to get their shit off and hop in the car and speed back through Jersey.


Through the Holland Tunnel. But it was traffic. Nah, nah. Y'all lying. No, you lying. Y ain't get caught trying. No, I'm not. I I'll find the video. And them and them cops went right after that car start banging the windows. Bow Bow. You saw it, you saw it Pop pulled dumb bitches right outta there. They hopped out. They, they did the old school moves like I used to, tried to run, they tried to hop out from the driver's seat to the backseat. Oh God. Make it look like somebody else was driving. Hey, I pulled that in 96. When I crashed Rachel car. Ah, right from the driver's seat to the back. That don't work no more.


No, they fucked them chicks up, but anyway. Oh, on what we were talking about, which is what? The Menendez shit. Yeah. Yes. Yo, here's my question for y'all. I know Parks PrizePicks. I see you writing it over there. Here's my question for y'all. With the Menendez shit going on, boy they body and This shit with the Aaron Hernandez show. I've asked this before up here. Y'all don't think there's something wrong with America's romanticizing of Monster Hit you with just mug? Why? He says that I say This shit all the time. That I find that shit nuts. That everybody falls in love with the killers and the docs and the, see, that's a separate point from what I'm saying.


'cause we do stand on opposite side of docs. I know. You feel, you know, I feel No, not just the doc. The That's what I'm saying. The killers get, get the, There are people that fall in love with the Killers, but I don't think that we're included. I'm talking about, or the Average person talking About the romanticizing. That's the, I've seen a million Menendez Brothers docs 2020s and news stories. Yeah. Since 1991. What they are showing now is a miniseries Yes. Of like Dahmer Beautiful actor. Yeah. The same Dahmer Ted Bundy. Same shit. Aaron Hernandez, like the mini series at portion of it. Not, not docs that can be informative, but to make a mini series is like, oh man.


It's a little crazy. I mean, I, I I see, I disagree For the mini, mini series to be the way that, that these companies gain all of these hours of retention on their platforms. So you just go about continuing and I'm a sucker for it. I click it every time. But there is something sick about it. Especially When. you look at what's happening in real life with the news whips. See, I puff with Music. I disagree because a person like me, I don't like docs, but I might want to hear about this story. The miniseries is easier for me to watch. It's an easier watch for me. I can then can follow that because To a certain extent, it's fictional. It's entertaining. It's entertaining. Entertaining. It's more entertaining. It is more entertaining. don don't like, I don't like, that's A bad word, but It is What it's dog winning time was entertaining.


Right. There are plenty of stories that can be entertaining that don't have to Be this, but these are famous stories. Like I've heard about the Menendez brothers. I remember, I, I remember people making comments in, in references to the Menendez brothers. I don't know the full details of what happened. I don't like this. You never knew I don told and don don't watch Docs. So I've never watched a doc that broke it down it, But, but it didn't start with docs like America's like, you know, lust for blood and made, It ain't start with America As humans. It didn't start with America. Well I told y'all that before. I know Roman Coliseum. I understand Boxing, football. We love violence. Yes. That's not the disturbing part. Yeah. For me, the disturbing part is watching these docs and I feel like all of them try to, even though they humanize or try to make you feel sorry for these colors, but I think that's how they sell.


It's, that's, that's why don don't like, But I'm also a little bit torn on that too. Because the reality is that there is probably some people out there that are fucking, they're just regular people, but they're monsters. you know what I'm saying? What I got pushed too far. So, so It is kind of important to recognize that someone that may be charismatic or beautiful or whatever might be a sicko. Yeah. Or I feel like a lot of times, shit, go take it right back to the puff shit. This is a person that we idolize. He's a, he makes the slaps. He's fucking handsome. He's, and He's operating in plain sight. He's all these beautiful women and he's doing these horrific shits. Yeah. Sometimes that's how you're break it. That's how you're explaining it. Like, how was he able to do this? Because he was charismatic, because he, So I have to show that side to say, oh, that's what's the guy Ted, Ted Bundy was Ted Bundy.


Ted Bundy. He was handsome without, he was a law student. Without knowing that part or without seeing that part, somebody could sit there and say, yo, how y'all fall for this. But now you see. Oh, okay. Makes sense. It's also people can Make sense. It is also people who watch that and then start relating to it. That's true. Or you start, you wonder what, what, what About the people that are related to the, the Menendez. That's who Brothers, victims. Victims, the parents. Nobody care about them. And that's, I said the same thing with the d with, I Would hate to be home as somebody related to, And there was a whole, there was a lot of controversy about the Dahmer miniseries because the victims or the families of the victims, nothing really felt, see nothing. Yeah, exactly. They felt like this was just, you know, a capitalizing like predator predatory capitalizing off of their pains.


Not dressing up dollar for fucking Halloween. Like, like, like literally you start doing This shit. You start to humanize these characters from, from the history that we are told, these are monsters my nigga, let's keep them monsters. Let's not, we, we can try to go through our own little works to figure out what was wrong with them. But When, you do it in this form, you humanize 'em and you kind of romanticize 'em in a way where now the consumer just watches it and or you takes it for that. Or you justify why they killed the people. But. yeah. don don't want to, People dress up as monsters for Halloween and they going dress actual monsters. If This shit is as good as Y's saying It is, guess what's gonna be a big selling costume? Yeah. Nigga, it's fucking September. Yeah. The Menendez brothers. It's true. The little wig piece that's, But I can also say like, as a woman who consumes a lot of true crime and a lot of like, you know, this murder, death kill shit and stuff like that.


Even though I, you know, my interest goes back to like my academic career. A lot of women watch this stuff because, you know, we have to try to understand every version of what a predator can look like. Because like Ted Bundy, it's the guy next door. It's the handsome man. That's what I'm saying. you know what I'm saying? So women, we have to be super hypervigilant about our safety at all. No, y'all, y'all do have to watch these to learn discernment. Are you being sarcastic right now? I sometimes I can't fucking tell. No. Well That's why they choose, that's why they choose the mayor. It's a tool. Shut the fuck up. This is a good tool. Thanks. Thank you. Netflix. you Know what I didn, you know I did buy your expensive ass Starbucks order. It's right there on the counter. So take it back, Leo.


Speaking of Menendez. So the actual Eric and Lau, they are upset with this mini series. I would Be too if I was them. They look crazy. Yeah. Especially lot, lot, Lot. And they now have a documentary coming with Netflix starting October 7th with, in their words, Oh God. See they ain't gotten a lot Air time. We just gonna double bang and pause. Yeah, We gonna, again, It is sick, but it's spark. Create something you don't like and then give you the opportunity to speak on the shit that we created that you don't like. Exactly. Nah, I'm, I'm not fucking with Her. And why y'all shoot your moms? Because they say that she knew everything That would. If, if the, if the abuse story is true, then I saw this scene.


Then they say, yeah, they say that she knew the entire time and did nothing to protect them. So she was just as culpable and guilty as their father was. That Was after the fact. I don, you know what he said when it first happened? When they were planning it, why they did, why they shot bombs. Put her out of her misery or some shit. Yeah. Because pop was so bad. And this lets her be free now. No, that was the lawyer hoo. Nanny. That's lawyer who they and This shit is Ka, that's ka Mom knew about it and she did nothing. How is that cap? You mean how cap, how How is that cap? Like that's That would be horrific. Let's just say It is completely true. That she knew that her husband was fucking their little boys. What can a woman, you're their Mom. What can a woman do to the bear? What could She do if she ain't had a mom? What Could a woman do to the bear Lee?


Shut, I'm gonna fight you. I'm asking a question To the bear or the husband. Your husband is the bear. There is me and he's powerful. There is is domestic violence shelters that You can go to. You have a community of friends and I'll Stop. Alright. What, what? Because you don't take that same stance when these women be getting abused by these niggas. No, Corey and them come here and say, why the fuck they ain't just leave. You argue that side. Which side do I argue why they was Stock on central. You ar you argue the side that it wasn't just easy for them to leave the same way this le lady just couldn't pick up and take her two kids and leave. It's the same thing. But I'm not, it's not arguing a different side. It's understanding why a victim might not be ready to leave. But a lot of times, whenever, a lot of times children will change that pers that fear.


A lot of you, you won't be as immobilized. You're just like, if don don't do it for myself, I'm gonna do it for my kids. Let me get outta this situation to protect them. To save them. Lemme jump in you guys'. Square dance. Mel. What was you gonna do? Yeah. Like what if she don't have no money to leave? What if, who the fuck gonna take care of care of kids outside House? Do you see that? Do you see that entire family? That is sitting around talking about their legal bills and who's gonna represent them and stuff. That's the community. They had a, they had a family. They had extended family that they could have gone to and they could have talked to. But They don don't think, don don't think that they should have killed mom because she didn't do anything. And that's assuming she knew. I'm just going with the storyline on the show.


Yeah, man. But They claimed that, claimed that forever. They knew We can't Leave no witness. That's why they killed Then kill the fucking therapist. Therapist. That therapist had to go. And that side chick was shady from the RIP. She really was with her tourmaline crystal. And Well, they was spoken before. They was in the past. They both done interviews. So. I'm interested what they're gonna have to say 30 years later after all this. I I do want to hear if maybe they'll have, have some different story. Could you imagine your child doing that to you? No. No. Like and I, I've seen some strenuous relationships between child and parent.


But your child, No dog. Oh My Lord. It is hard for you to shoot a common person like that. Like that shit ain't just normal When. you just cut some. Yo, that nigga did. We beefing. That's not an easy thing to do though. I'm Terrible for a week. When I hit a animal in the road talking exactly like, yo, There's A term for That too. You ever stop. Made me feel terrible. Shut up. I don. I feel like the fuck are we talking about? Speed. Bye. I feel so bad. We try to. Well as that I ran over. All right. I tried to get the mouse out the house without killing them. And you know what? I ain't like two and then I'm done. I promise I'm done. If you've been abusing me and yada yada yada my whole life and I'm finally about to get my shit off, I'm going in the trunk.


I'm getting a shotgun. Me and my brother, and I'm busting in the TV room while you eating ice cream. B I'm saying something first. I'm flashy something. I'm saying something before. Hello? Say hello to my little Friend. Not something. No. Yo. Not that, not that. Holy shit. Not yo No hot of the month. It's over now. She she Got it. She Got it. She Got it. But she's trying to get it. Yo, close it up. She Got it now. She getting in October now. Yeah. She trying full, she's like sit down girl. Pilot of the year. She going crazy. That When, you put the pants on. You was trying to do something. Any I don any girl that put these pants, you know I top joint You up to something.


You the hypnotizing joint. Hypnotizing joint. You was hypnotized Oh Shit shit. Okay. You were saying, what was I saying? Shit, I forgot about saying something. When. you busting the room on? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Not say, not like say hello to my little friend. But you've been, you've been off abusing me for my, if you have really been abusing me, I'm gonna let you know why I, I gonna, I gonna state. Yeah. I'm gonna let you know why I'm gonna to your head up. Even if it's not so fun when the rabbits got, I'm saying something. I don't know. don don't know. don don't know. It's all I'm saying. I'm not It is for Yeah. Something. You gonna know why I ain't just shooting you and you going out. Like I'm gonna be that guy.


And I hate when it happens in scary movies. Ain't on power. Niggas couldn't shoot My, that was a graphic. Scary movies and power. I'm on power. They got you dead to right and have a whole 10 minute talk with you. A mono. Oh and equalizer. I ain't gonna lie. I didn't know that there was that graphic though. God. The death in was so Graphic back. I didn't know that they killed them like that. Like come shoot em. Blasted them. Yeah. Shout out to the The makeup. The makeup artists. That was the makeup artists because those dead bodies, it was such a graphic. It was such a graphic scene that I was staring at the dead body. Whoever that did that, whoever put that piece together. You like that? Yeah. Kudos.


Chef's Kiss to you. Chef's Kiss to You. all right.


Alright. It's time for my favorite part of the show. Prize pick. Alright. PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all the land. First of all, PrizePicks, your, you know what I mean? you know what I mean? These games is on. They seeing me. My third cousins is hitting me. Yeah. They seeing it. Commercials running Tina b this week. Minnesota something. come on. Button. Button. Hit the group chat in the money league like Yo, you in Houston. Get that. Get that back. Yes. Empower Me. Empower me. PrizePicks the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Super easy, very simple to play. All you have to do is select two or more players look at their projected statin line and pick more or less for your chance to win big. We're also doing season long games. So I'm going with Patrick Mahomes for more than 4,300 pass yards. Rest in peace to anybody that drafted Travis Kelsey. Boy, y'all are having a time. I'm one of him. Yeah, I'm one of them. Yeah. Killing me. Killing me. Nice little three points a game. Are you thinking about benching 'em Now Y? Yeah. Can you bench 'em? Yeah, right. No, no. But I may I put The same way about rash. Rashid Rice is going crazy. He is. When is he going to jail? Every time I see him do something crazy, I'm like, he's supposed to be in a bullpen somewhere. That's this video online of him walking away after crashing whatever car that well what car was that? I forget. Something fancy for Ferrari is some shit. Yeah. One Of them Now. you know you got money. My Ferrari numbers came back. I had to make some coffee. My I gotta go sit on the toilet for a minute. Oh. I had to go take a Tylenol. My Ferrari numbers came back. You. all right. Hit me tomorrow. Let me know. All. All right. Oh my God. Yo I gotta go on pen house, man. Shit. Yeah, that guy shouldn't still be playing football. That's rough. No, that's a fact. He should not be on a football field. If Danny Lay can't make music, he should. He shouldn't be able to still do whatever That is he's doing. And Andy Reed. I'm waiting for that doc. Y'all talking about the Menendez brothers. Andy Reed done sweat more crime under the rug than Bristle. So I getting the wind. Andy Reed is like fucking er Myers. Suburban Myers. Yeah. Suburban. Suburban Myers. Andy Reed. Boy. I'm going with Pat Mahomes for more than 4,300 passing yards. Aaron Rogers for more than three, 3,750 pass yards and Tyreek Hill for more than 1,376 receiving yards. Also, Quan Barkley, who I probably should have drafted first round. I did He But then my receiver in the second round would've ended up being Puka. Who's out for? Yeah. Five weeks. Gotta kind of pick your poison. Justin Jefferson was there at my pick. Nine two. He's going crazy. Sam Darna looking like a stud. I didn't think that Sam Darnell would stand up for the entire season. I trusted Sam Darna. I just didn't think he would last. And I didn't know their backup. That's what I said to my think tank. Who is their backup backup since they're on the fucking third string now or whatever string they won. They would Be. Yeah. And nobody can name it. So I didn't draft Justin Jefferson. Hmm. Mistake, right? Yeah. Very big. He's gonna get buckets regardless bro. Somebody gotta get the ball. I almost won my matchup because of Jayden. Daniels. Thanks Jayden. Daniels went absolutely crazy. He's gotten me more than 30 points. Two weeks outta three. I ain't know He was that fast. But I had fucking Reed Reed on my bench from Green Bay who got me 10 points. Calvin Ridley with one point. So I lost to sve. Rest in peace. Fatman Scoop. I lost to SVE by 10, nine points in my big money league. Mm It hurts. Ooh. And it hurts So bad. Anyway, sign up today to get $50 instantly. When, you play $5. That's right. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It is Ga Rome teed won. K Williams passing yard gets you one win on PrizePicks every week in September. Oh my god. I wish they had a game for what week. You think DJ Moore is gonna punch Caleb Williams in the face? DJ Moore is going to strangle Caleb Williams. But that's right. Every week in September, That is four weeks of free. Ws do not miss out on this deal. Only on PrizePicks because It is gone when September ends. Don't forget to use promo code JBP and run your game.


My one sports question for you guys. Not that anybody from Chicago wants to hear It. is Jayden Daniels better than Caleb Williams? Too early. Right? Now's too early. Father Early. But right now, Right now he is here And he is got more weapons. So a Lot of words for Yes. Yeah. Nah, I wouldn't say yes or no. Caleb wins tough. Yes. He seems more ready at the moment. Yes. You said you would say yeah, but Yes, He might settle in. Yes and yes and yes. Monday night Joe Burrow on the other side and I'm doing that. The answer is yes. He look good since the preseason. So Yes and yes and yes.


Sorry, I'm not mad at that tape. I'm not mad at that tape. The beers quarterback curse and not that. I do think the K Williams is gonna be fine, By the way. No, I think it's gonna be great. But still just I gotta show you what Fields Is doing the best Quarterback. Let see what Fields is doing in Pittsburgh. Absolutely. I liked him. Me Too. Oh yes. Fucking riding TJ watch balls. Oh, that's what he doing. That's what he doing. He's doing what he needs to do. Yeah, Exactly. He's doing exactly what he needs to do. He's tough. I like he's Supposed to riding them balls. He's not riding Balls. I don't blame him. 'cause we got a good defense. I'm not blaming anybody. That's a good thing when his balls to ride ball. Oh Jesus. Riding ball. Jesus Christ. I'm glad that you put the fence on the end of the D 'cause you could have just left it there and it would've just added.


Oh yeah, No, no, no. We're not doing That. You going to that Pittsburgh, Washington game soon, right? Absolutely. Yes sir. You gonna to cowboy game? No, no, No. Nobody's doing that. No, that's not true. No one's going. You didn't go neither. Nobody's Didn't play yet. Y'all didn't play at all. Y'all didn't do? No. What Are y'all doing? I can't even talk sports with you. Yeah. 'cause we Yeah, you can't right now. I Know why. Because when your teammate shit, you make excuses for them not being shit and say, y'all don't care. I don't care what they do. So when a nigga, that's a cop out, when a nigga be like, y'all don't care what my team did. You can't argue with them. You can't say nothing to 'em. Ish bold prediction. I think y'all gonna be the worst team in your division. Yeah, you suck Nigga. Hey, yo, your team is a bum.


Who You did all that talk to me about. Ask him who your team charges wearing. The San Francisco hat though. You scared? Oh, it just, it just You scared him off the wearing 'em off. Wearing them off. Don Don't think that Dallas gonna be the worst team in that division. No, I do. You don't? Okay. Let's bet money. Oh, okay. How much? You're not gonna be worse than the Giants that we gonna be the worst team in the division. I think so. Oh, this is EI saw one a thousand. No, no, this, this is Easy money. I saw a tweet from somebody saying that Dax should give the money back. Why? You see a lot of tweets. Why should, why should he give friend? Your friend sent you that one. Your friend sent you that tweet. It just came across my timeline. No, it was Sunday. Okay. Would you, I guess They, would you give the money back after bad Po?


I mean, bad performance. Was it just one bad performance? Didn't that they Really shit, the bed didn't perform. He didn't perform bad. He had 300 yards. Two Touchdowns. You got me 29 points in my fuck we talking about He didn't perform bad at all last game. Yeah, but they accused him of stuff in the stuff in the stat sheet in minutes. That didn't matter. Garbage time. How we almost won the game. What? We talk. Yo. People be talking. Yo, you too smart for this too. To even carry that dumb ass message. You, You heard Brandy's catalog Like did you, I know you RB head, What's wrong With you? right? You heard it? I know you heard It. It's a good song too. It's A good song. Don't count for nothing. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh no, that's true. I'm just saying. But it wasn't garbage time.


You get what I'm saying? It wasn't garbage time in the Game. Listen, Dak, keep doing that shit. I ain't about to say nothing about Dak money when Trevor Lawrence did that bullshit last night. And I'm sitting there with Brian Thomas Jr. Or whatever his name is, waiting for him to catch a pass. If he just scored nine more points, I'll win. But anyway, enough about me. Enough about me, enough about that. Rest in Peace. Are y'all gonna get like, can we get Tyreek doing something? I hope so. Like that's my first round pick. He get five points. I'm not a good, I'm not having a good fall so far. Yeah, they got a picture going around. Shit, bro. Describing your team. Oh yeah. With a his ass out. Yeah. Yeah, that's about right. Yeah. It's bad. It's bad.


Rest in peace to Tito Jackson. That's right. Rest in peace. We missed that one last Jackson legend. Sad. We got Amani here, man. Who is the one Of the Jacksons Bronx Speaker Big For the Jacksons. That's big Bronx Jackson. Big bro. He's the Harlem Harlem Boys choir. Speaker of the Jacksons representative. How you feel? Man? I saw you were sad on the X Sad XI seen you were sad. Nah, I mean, you know, T Tito was the reason why the the group even really got formed. And that's exactly where Joe button jumps in. Oh, here he go. That was quick. Yes. Hey, I thought I didn't think it. I didn't think, Joe, Don't hate on Tito in, in his passing.


Go ahead. Rest in peace. Tito Jackson. Legend. Absolute legend. Are We gonna play outstanding Also? My humor's dark. Okay. There's no such thing as too soon. I'm joking. I'm joking, I'm joking. My beef is not with Tito Jackson. It is with niggas like Ammani. Tito Jackson died and I had to read a bunch of fucking Ammani niggas for the next 72 hours with this cock Emanny story here that he just said, oh, if it wasn't Tito Jackson creeping into his dad's room and stealing the guitar, then the band would've never be formed.


Okay. I Let It is I let it pass. Once I thought that nigga might have been sentimental, let him cry. He don't knock it off. Let him get his shit off. Then I seen a wave of people tell me, oh, you gotta give respect to the inventor of the Jackson five. I never said that. I'm talking about you. I'm talking about all the niggas that Tweeted like you. If he didn't have the courage, the fucking bravery to sneak into Joe Jackson's room and steal the trumpet, yo, if he never stole that banjo, we would've never gotten the Jackson vibe.


You dog. Well, those aren't all of us. All of, hey newsflash, all us did that. Moms just didn't have a banjo under there. She had other shit that niggas was stealing. All of us crept in our parents' room and stole. He didn't do nothing groundbreaking there by stealing. He's a thief actually. Not just that. Rest in peace. He's a thief. come on. He stole some shit. I was about to say something insensitive. So I'm gonna chill. Y'all never, y'all never stole out your parents' room. Yes. All right. That's the end. I don't like to hear nothing else from y'all. Also, also, point number two, and Mel can confirm, you know, who knows A banjo player?


Know who knows a few people. That's pretty flying on the trumpet. Take a guess. Hey, who has a guitarist in their Rolodex? You guessed it. Quincy Jones. I'm not robing that. Let's pretend I was gonna say, you know, had a guitar and a switch. Oh, We know Jojo. we Know. I thought the switch was a little more effective. You Gotta have, you gotta have the, you gotta have the talent first, first to execute. So When, you go in there and steal the guitar. If you don't have the talent to match it, then we don't, you know, you don't even get to recognize that the kids had that talent. You What song Mike invited Tito to do.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. To do that. Banjo. Go ahead. Heartbreak Hotel. Har. That was the only Slack. Can you feel it? There's a bunch of records. I love That song. Oh, you talking about when he was fucking guitar? Guitar Stinking. No, when he was playing. Yo don't shit guitar. Don't shit on t. Y'all don't even plugged. Don't Do it. Don't do it. That nigga was up there Doing You. can community play video? Go This, this. That's fucked up.


That nigga Was air guitar like we do. No, the fuck he was, it wasn't a real guitar. Don't do that. Jason Ford didn't have the same ring to him. Tito Tito was a really good guitarist. Tito looked like Mike for when Mike needed a water break before, before performers knew that you could walk back there and just take a water break. So Mike had a, Hey Tito, Tito Doing. Yeah. Tito, get up there with the air guitar. That's fucked up. And Mike, go get a sip. Come kick that nigga. Back out the spotlight. Yo Tito, rest in Peace man. Rest in peace nigga Ti man. I don't care what you rest In peace to Tito Jackson. But you, you TO Jackson fans just mourn silent.


Don't x about it Joe. That's fucked up. Or find another story. All y'all got the same banjo story. Like How y'all even know y'all. Y'all was holding on to that. Y'all had that in a draft? Just on the record. Oh my God. That was in the chat. That was in chat. Ghost stole out room group Chat. That's great. Alright, so Jen and Jackson. Oh, Parks man, listen to me. I feel like we make, I feel like this podcast makes enough money for this mic to never do this. And I feel like this does it all the time. I know I'm pretty fidgety with the mic. I know it's me too.


But can somebody go to b and h and get a fucking A longer screw? Get a screw that Don't screw a long. Yeah. Oh yeah. But maybe a longer one. Get Some super glue And whoever do our timestamps, nigga, can you add some fucking sauce, nigga? I should be fucking, I ain't gonna lie. I started reading the timestamps Mel. You Got it. Okay, hold on, hold on. Hold this Nigga thumb. Use your fucking arms. You can tell you don't initiate nothing. Damn. She don't do Shit. God. Yo yo. Nah, man Could tell she just fucking laid in and beat Melyssa hor. Oh, gimme this thing. Thank You. You're welcome.


Okay, You good? Now you back Now we, we we at Janet Jackson. Janet Janet Jackson said that Kamala Harris isn't black. Well, actually she pulled one from the Ish notebook and said I've Got it. I heard that Kamala Harris, my man just told me I Got it. I just was getting my head done. Homeboy told me she's not black. You got what? You Got it. I Got it. Alright. It was an article that she was doing for The Guardian. So she said, I just said what the, go Ahead. Okay. All right. She says The Guardian. Yeah, you be giving, we getting to you next. come on. Okay. Alright. Well, you know what they supposedly said, she asked me, she's not black.


That's what I heard that she's Indian. And so she looks at the article or the guy writing the article, expectantly perhaps assuming that I have Indian heritage. And he says, well, she's both. And he, she says, well, her father's white. That's what I was told. I mean, I haven't watched the news in a few days. She coughs. I was told that they discovered her father was white. So yeah, And that's Okay. Okay. So that's what Janet said about Kamala Harris in this interview. And then a day later, someone issued an apology on behalf of Janet Jackson for her Kamala Harris comments in this interview. And then the next day, Janet fired that nigga and said he was not authorized to ever speak for me or Tito for that man.


None of the Jacksons, Randy, He Yeah. None of the, he can't speak for shit. That person no longer works here. And I said, what the fuck? I said, Yes. He, yo, I love when people say, Hey, I said what? I said I love that. I love that. Especially in 2025 today. Yeah, because people don't, people run that. Walk it back quick. I know what I meant. No, now that's what I Said. I don't know why we're talking politics with the Jackson family. There's No reason I don almost feel like there's history. There's enough reason to not speak to the Jackson family about politics. Well, I feel like the reason why I feel like any black female celebrity right now is being asked what's her stance and does she, you know, is she planning to vote for Kamala I?


think that it's, that that's just where we are right now in this election cycle. And with who is, you know, who's got the Democratic nomination? Y'all think Janet Jackson votes. NI I'm asking I, don. No. Does anybody here think Janet Jackson votes That is my question. Look at the suspense building because they don't know how to be honest. No, I don Don't, I don't, I don't think So I think Her answer to this alone. Let me know that she probably's not even informed. Politic. She not. Yeah, she, because why does she care? Yeah. I'm not, I'm not surprised that she Did. She's Jan Jackson. She's been, she's been rich and famous forever. So, you know, just like ground lover po ground level politics. That doesn't affect her lifestyle. It doesn't affect her life. So why would she really, I haven't watched the news in a couple of days.


Can I ask a really dumb question here? Sure. Always. Do it matter if she's black or not? It, it really doesn't. It really doesn't. I think to a lot of black people It does. It does. If you're running, it doesn't to me. It, it it does. If you're running on the, the, the campaign of her being the first black female president, well, the first female president, period. But then When, you put black to it for a lot of people who are black and don't recognize it as that. Yeah. It might matter. So if, what's that got to do with the gig? That's that, that's my question. If the other guy's a rapist and a bigot. Right. That's all. I'm, that's all I see. So if we're worried about her, If getting voted in a big part of It is the fact that people are blindly voting because you're black. Because same thing with Obama.


A lot of people voted based off of, we don't even know politics, but he Black. Yeah, but we and we voting isn't she? It is a little different though. It's a little different than Obama. Ten four time. Because The other guy is a racist. Racist, dig A bigot. Yeah. And a felon. Of course. Yeah. And kind of a, That's all I'm saying. Why or why is that the, the point of conversation? Because she keep going getting chicken and grits from places. They All do that man. Every Democratic candidate is going to get chicken and grits. Yeah. That's not why comes They been shucking and they've been shucking and joing to trying to get the black vote for years. Well Bill Clinton made it look better. Hillary Clinton did.


We we really fell for that saxophone chip. Yeah, we Did. We did. We did. Fuck Damn Arsenio. And the head made him black too. But he worked like getting head in the White House was Yeah. Not even hitting Just in the head. Yeah, that was, that was fly. That would, one of us would do it. This would not be able to work in the White House for four years and not get his dick sucked. I'm telling y'all something. I don't care what he said. It's mad. I'm not asking him nothing mad. Right. Too. Imani would 100% get his dick sucked in there day one. When they raided that shit. When they raided that shit. January 6th. One of 'em white hillbilly dudes had to go take the picture with his feet up on the office. The White House just might make you get in your, you know what I mean? Yo, y'all think ice might not do it.


He might be faithful. Y'all think Like a bitch. How you not gonna get your dick sucked in the White House? Y'all Think Barack? See, See I'm just asking a question. You mentioned niggas getting their dick sucked in the White House. We had a black man in the White House. See his wife was there too. Y'all never got? Nope. Well Hillary was there too. What is the closest proximity that your significant other was when you've cheated? That's a really good fucking question. Wait, what? What is the closest proximity? I know, I know, I know. Damn You. all right. I really wanna hear the answer. Nah, I'm with Mel next room, like down the hall, down the street.


I went to the store. What is, yeah, come on. I'm curious. Why Make they make everything suspenseful? Look, You gotta think you throw shit on the spot nigga. I. gotta really think about That. Mine was 10 minutes away picking up cheeseburgers. Oh, upstairs She was upstairs. I was was outside the building. You said what? She was upstairs and I was outside the building in the car In my past. Gotta preface with stuff like that now. For sure. In my Past. Oh. In my past. Oh yeah, in my past. Yeah. Yeah. Long time. Next door, upstairs, downstairs, the hotel a mile away. Less than a mile could walk to that shit.


Yeah. For me there was adrenaline with that shit though. Yeah, Because you know you ain't supposed to do it. It wasn't, yeah. And what if you get caught, it's like join. No, no, no, no, no. You, you a little iller than us. Yeah. I've never actually done that. I'm just saying just the Thought. No, just for Your mind to go there. You a little Iller because get caught me and I'm getting stabbed. Yeah. She ain't jumping in. Yeah. Yeah. She gonna jump in. All right. Yeah. But motherfucker, that shit off Gonna be like Chucky jumped in That shit. Yeah. I never been In no close proximity. So you're just coming in a row. She supposed to let it go. How rude She ain't supposed to be there but So how'd you get here?


Nobody. Yo. He serious too. Yo. Dead. Dead. Dead ass dead. Fuck. I see your face. don don't live like that anymore. But where's you supposed to be? Why are you here not climbing the fire escape to come into my bedroom where your house is, where your name is. Not on the lease or mortgage and bust in, open the door. But your door be open a lot. No knocking, no nothing. It wasn't open that day. And even if It is open, you can't walk in my shit. Are you crazy Joe? You found a way we walk in your house, you found a way to turn cheating into something wrong that she did. Nigga you cheated. I didn't say that the cheating part was the problem. But you Leave your door open. We Walk in your house. Someone coming in your home and private space or hotel room, private space, unauthorized.


That's a talk for another time. Most times the way that women found out that you cheated was through some unauthorized method. Of course. Absolutely. So let's address it before we get to what I'm doing. Wait, let's address, let's address the response before we address that You're different type type of nigga. No, I'm not Deborah. Deborah Cox said it. I ain't, it wasn't me. What? Huh? Ain't nobody gonna be you. Nobody supposed to meet all the work niggas went in to meet at this specific holiday in on Route four Fort Lee at this time of night. All the work niggas went through to fucking have get dropped off somewhere different than Uber to the, you know how much work goes into cheating And again, my past.


Mm. Yeah. You stayed that Holiday in before my past that Holiday Inn on Route four. Nigga I opened that holiday. Nigga called his name in the, are you fucking crazy? They had the best rate. Remember? 'cause the little $60, the $40 hour joint was next door to little shit. I don't know if that's there no more. My past yo. And then the double tree with the white. The white and the double trees right there nigga. And I had a night across in the, what's that bullshit? That's across the other side of the highway. Ekayno, Lodge or whatever that was. Ooh, That's Dirty. I had a good time in there. Lodge dirty. A good time. Econ Lodge nigga Make it sound French.


That e Oh Shit nigga, that Holiday Inn used to give me rooms. When, I. Forgot my wallet. Yo. That's cool. Didn't know you coming back. Big Customer are you? Shit. Shit. Face card nigga there dog. And then they renovated never. Then they got, then they Got it, then they turned into the Green Holiday Inn with the fancy H, you know one H by itself. Oh, Holle in Express. Express. Good. Hey good. Because I'm gonna be here. Express, express, express. Live in and outta here.


This guy's crazy. Then leave in the room. Go ahead. This you for The night. Yo. That's this. You Just check out to check 11. Yo. This you for the night. Lemme see your card. Nah, I'm at, nah, I'm nah, hold it down. You Got it. Got it. Stay this your, Hey sleep as long as you want. You can sleep long on flat ass pillows. Just like cheating too. Anyway, again, the past, the past, the past. Nobody up here condones cheating. Everybody is committed, faithful and monogamous relationships. Everybody is in love. That's a facts. Extremely happy with their partner and have grown out of those very childish and immature ways for the people that think we'd be serious up Here. That's very true. Facts. Melyssa still. Fuck one of you niggas on the side.


If she got a boyfriend, look Mel do it. No Mel do it. No, no, no, no. That's why You won't get boyfriend. That ain't sound convincing at But that's why she won't get away. She said no because she gonna do what she want outside of that nigga. Especially if he Piss off. No, at this point in my life though, that That is, That is a ship that has sailed. I want just one person for me and only me. Aw. Love me from me and Al be sho the Slams. Yes he did. That one's my shit. I got so many Al be sho questions that Nigga has some Ya'all means too.


I'll be sure was him. Which is why I understand that him, him and Puff is like Isaiah and Mike. Yeah. Like Which One's Isaiah? I Didn't have a problem. Ill sure. I'll be sure. I'll be Sure. Sure. It's definitely Isaiah 100% It is, it's not even a conversation your face about How make any sense Anyhow mean in any minus one thing. Who's Mike? Who's Mike to Isaiah? Okay. If we're talking about in the Looks department. No, no. We talking, We talking overall picture Everything As you talking about Puff to Al be shore.


And that's no Slight to nobody. But you're comparing Puff. She talking about, I'm talking about, looks Like she's talking about physically. I'm Yeah, physically. No. You Talking about No, I'm, so that's all I'm talking about. Oh, I'm talking about Looks. Looks. Oh that's your area. Yeah, that's you. You got that. That's your area, boo. Okay. Okay. But again, you are the quintessential good looking light-skinned male in the eighties. In that time. No, no. In the Eighties. Yeah. I I had that little dumb ass curly fade. I had that. Yeah. But you was four foot one, Right? you right. From the eighties into that early nineties. And now you have this guy who was a store runner, intern Party promoter.


Yeah. Work his way up To Mogul what we see today. Deeper than mogul. Fuck mogul. The person that has my child. Yeah. Still to today. My and and my Eskimo brother. I forgot the child part. And you took my, you know, I mean, And your child be living with me. No, no. Your child. That's what I'm saying. That's my child. I fuck with Quincy too. I really do. He's a cool, yeah, He's cool dude. He's Guy. And then that's ill, because Quincy to me look exactly Like I'm sure look like carbon copy. I wanted the beef. Yeah he did. I won the beef.


Ugh. He did. I could see why Al be sure is in his bag for so long with so much conviction. And if you think, You know, even outside of it being true. No, I was about to say, even if you think or you know it's true, then that just intensifies it. you know what I mean? To the 10th power. It's like, yo, you mother. Yeah. How dark would you get for a chance? At a hundred, 200 million. How dark would you get? Like, Because like we, we, we us commoners 'cause we all commoners, us commoners sit here and we'd be saying Critiquing. They just Shit. Yeah. And we, oh, I wouldn't, he wouldn't not.


And then I go home and look at the Fashion Nova dude house he just bought. And then I go look at the fucking, what's that other dude? Not what is it? Schemes or Sheen? Sheen. Sheen. Oh, sheen. Yeah. The Sheen. I'm just looking at what people are doing. I think you gotta get a little dark to, to get to that point. There's hundreds and millions and billions and trillions of dollars being made for every second that we get to talking. And if I, if you look at the field and just imagine some of the people that have been through shit I'm talking about past and present. It's like, yeah, great fortune comes with, Usually comes with something.


You gotta take some people down with you to get to that point, step. Agree to take some people agree to take you down. You can at some point at whatever your dollar aspirations may be. You gonna have to learn when enough is enough. That may be the biggest lesson for biggest to learn. You're gonna have to learn what dollar amount to say no to. Oh, True. True. Or yeah. I'm not willing to do that. To Attain that level. Yeah. I think I think that throughout everybody's ascension you never get satisfied. And I think when they got you on that tip, that's your ass. I also think it's Like, like the ascension is so gradual that your moral compass, let's just say it was pointing due north.


It starts to sway a little bit, slowly tip to the side without you even noticing. It's like moving at a glacial pace, you know? And then one day you just look up and your head monster. Monster. Yes. The scary part of Puff started obtaining a lot of that when he really didn't even have a sense of just himself. Like just as a man you're still growing as a man. You're still going through different things. So the more you obtaining, you might not even start growing as a man period. Oh, like Arrested Development. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Your development is just like out the window. So, I. Don't know. Not that there's any good to come outta this puff shit because it's all a mess.


But boy am I happy don don't have to see him and Khaled no more Him and C I'm not gonna hold you. Okay. I hated looking at them two together. Why? Too much energy. It was the, you just, if you've been around long enough, are able to see through certain relationships. Ah. So you know what each person is in it for. And then you watch the show and then you watch the show. Mm. And it's like, yo, what the fuck are y'all doing? Yo. Yeah. Break it the fuck up. Like stop enough now enough now and shout to Khaled But. yeah. I didn't wanna see that no more.


Oh, Khaled's been on my mind. 'cause I wanna know what he gonna do his next album. He's been Quiet. Very quiet, quiet for a while. It is gonna be tough to do a album with hip hop anarchy going on. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. And all his slaps got all of the people that hate each other now. Yeah. The album Sounds everybody hates each other. Hard to make So I am interested to see what's going on there. I did hard to make Real the world in World War iii. Yeah, right. Yeah, For sure. I did see all the announcements that came with the Atlantic shakeup. Yeah. The rumors are still going about who they're letting go, who they're keeping. I, I was familiar with some of those names. Some of them I was happy they got a promotion.


Some of those names say that they're taking all of the music people outta the music business. I ain't gonna lie to y'all. They, they are whitewashing it down. If I am an Atlantic artist, I said this before that I wouldn't put no music out. But now I'm going in there organizing, trying to, trying to set up a leaf. I'm getting outta there. Some people out, they do. The people that are not, I would go get with my lawyer and find reason and way to, especially one of them niggas. I wanna kick his back in. I wanna kick his back in bad but I'm gonna wait. A artist or no, no, no. A guy that they guy that they put in a really important seat up there.


My man. I'm waiting but it's coming. It is coming. Hey, I am waiting on you to fail homeboy. I am. I don't like how you move. I don't. Oh, Man. But I know what you do and I know why they brought you up there. Which is more alarming to me. Word. It it speaks to I know what you do. I know. Why you there? Oh, You know how to fudge. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, this guy's there just to fudge. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Fudge and fake and, and, and, and find some robot bands working out a garage, Which is in line with they Where they moving to Today? Yeah. No, that's where the music business going. This. shit is treacherous. I would be scared to desk out there.


Scary times. Nasty, scary times. don don't know if it's enough fucking touring venues for everybody. Word Unionized. And some of y'all gonna call up. Some of y'all be trying to hit the road. You find out exactly who you be when it come to waiting in line for these venues. When Might have to skip some of the hot spots in March. 'cause fucking the weekend is Bruno. Is Oh. Shit. It is tough in March. Gotta get outta here. It gotta go hit the Chitlin circuit. That's racist. That's racist. Older. You get, you learn a lot of this music business shit is racist, boy. Yeah. Hmm. But fuck it. Make your slaps.


Make it slaps. Tony. I'm waiting for you to fail. I ain't gonna hold you Cusd. I don't fuck with Tony at All. Don. Don't fuck with Tony at all. I don't like our niggas move. I do not like how niggas be moving, man. But congratulations. Big big spot. Big spot. Big shoes to fill. A lot. A lot. A lot. There's a lot going on over there. And my eyes is glued to it. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying. Good luck to you. It's a shift happening Right before everybody eyes. It's just like, either you see it or you don't. That shit It is more than a shift. This shit was like a Titanic. It's a seism seismic activity. Earthquake. But I mean it's going Joe, Joe, you said it a bunch of times. It's going from music to tech.


Literally. If you don't see it, if you're not playing a part of it, If you do not have the ability to create your own prices for your own product moving forward, I envision you being fucked. That's me personally. A good way to put it. That's me. The Nipsey model should be in full effect. Yo. Speaking of Alchemist, if you out there, can I get a pack? Can I get a pack? Who else? I need a pack from. A pack of what? A beat. I need a pack of beats. Okay. I'm ready. A thousand dollars single. Hmm.


Yes. It is for It is It is for those people. Yeah. And, and they'll pay it tho those bro. I I, I always talk about when Nip did the proud to pay shit, he's straight to, Hey dog, y'all could talk about it. All you want slammed me, whatever. It's not for you. It's for those who Are Yeah. $750 something and they do it. Something outrageous. It's coming. I'm telling you something. I'm telling you. We'll go back to this episode. I believe It. I ain't say nothing should. Speaking of things, Joe Button was right about, oh wait, we'll wait to get to that. We'll wait to get to that. There are a few things that Joe Button seems to be have hit right on the nose yet again. I wonder how that keeps happening.


Y'all wanna talk about Meek? Yeah. He's basically wondering why his name is connected to Diddy so much. He's offering a hundred K. He's got some tweets. All right. Meek. Mill says I want to hire an investigative team 100,000 in cash to find out every specific detail involving Meek, Mill name to Diddy's case. I also want them to look at who is powering the media involving quote unquote Meek. Anything to do with Buddy. Something not right. That is the tweet. Don don't take that as him trying to find why his name is connected. I think he's saying, if y'all could find anything that I did in this, here's the money for it.


It's almost like, yo, I ain't got nothing to do with that. But again, the internet hates Meek. He's on that list. So anytime he opens his mouth and, and, and let's be clear, M has given us a lot of ammunition. Comedic. He has some of the best tweets of all time. Absolutely. He might be hall of fame top top five. He is Hall of Fame for Sure. He's had some of the best like moments. Moments, Yeah. Of all time. And he's found himself in quite a few peculiar situations. Yes. With Millionaire billionaires. I mean they, they, they went and reminded him right off the bat like, Hey dog, this is why we said that. And they showed Footage of pools. Oh. Just with Him and pop in instances and and moments.


But I think what he's saying is, yo, I ain't done none of that shit. So Show it. Yeah. But we got that. But the matching black and brown outfits was a lot. The pool, that was a lot. The pool. The pool was The pool with the, With The French fries. With the, Hey daddy. Yeah. Deserve everything you got coming down. I'm from New York. So nigga saying Daddy don't do nothing to me. 'cause in New York, some niggas say Daddy, but globally It looks away. It sounds, it looks, sounds weird Away. And Me's not from New York Going from that. They call a nigga buddy in a tweet. Is It is It is It Joke. And then there's that the one at the party where he freestyling and he say some shit we about to fuck or something.


And then they paying the puff and he get hype. Then I'm just throwing the Puff and Fab video in this when they was at Ring Chance. And he said, why you don't party with me? And Fab was like, I do party with you. Party, party, party, party. And they got the other clip where Puff is talking about the white parties. You. all right. It's time for the kids to go home. Y'all got another hour before we get grown? Yeah, NDA time. See and that's where I be getting conflicted. So. I gotta shut up like I like a party to say that. But not if you gonna go crazy. Yeah, not if You can do that Shit. They got a clip of, I'm saying y'all gonna get arrested. See the shit that's gonna happen at this party I might get arrested for.


So Oh Shit. Yeah. All of it sounds real bad. The joker Halloween shit. Oh my God. But I was talking to, who's I talking to the other day again? I said this as it relates to this puff shit a million times. You gotta know when to leave a party and you gotta know when a vibe that you're invited to is not your vibe. Oh keep, keep talking to Ke. 'cause me and Ke keep coming with me on my trips. My LA trip. We run to LA real quick. Nigga Puff was like, yo man, we're going to Burning Man tonight. It's in the desert.


It's in the woods. All right. What time does it end? It doesn't end. It doesn't. And it's against the Lord. Hey Bandit a year ago and all of us are going to fucking party hard. You're down. No, nah, nothing about what you're saying is my vibe. Even if it was Cat William Catt Williams said it Burning Man. A band festival in the woods would just dog mm m no burning man. Looks like Mad Festival. That's not a festival to no.


Yes, yes. Oh you no I knew you wasn't going. I text, I text Ke yo. This nigga told me to burn him. Man, I'm staying in bed. Yo. The bed. Yo. The bed. It feels so good. I gotta, you got a hotel? I gotta go back over to Fret and get some more sheets to the bed. Feels fine. Find a show that you like. There you go. Turn the air on so the sheets get cold. When you getting, make it an experience. Hey, if you've been doing some shit being dirty all day, take a shower around 9:00 PM throw some motherfucker baby powder, do some shit on you. Your favorite drinks in, in food.


you know what I mean? To bed. Tell open a window. Sit there, look at the sky. Drink a glass of wine or something. Do a I vice. Hey, hit that girl that you like while you're sitting in bed. Yo, make bed great again. As much as you want to. If you work a lot, don't you want that downtime? You don't wanna keep Partying and all that. Yo. The feeling I get When, I go to bed at around 10, 10 30, 11, maybe even 1130. I'm so old. I say, oh my God, where did the time go? Yo. That's how old I, when it's 1130, I be like, oh my God it's getting late. The feeling I get going to bed at 1130 and God opened my eyes at around four 30. Oh, I got another day and I'm still in bed.


I get that burning man. Some niggas can't do that bro. The burning man, you niggas is burning in the crib at Four 30. They might be burning them. Man. What the fuck you talking about nigga? Hey, I wanna wake up and pick up my phone on a hundred percent off the dresser and look at footage of y'all doing all the shit I would never do. That is a great 5:00 AM morning to me. Coffee, a cigarette and you guys' regrets in eight K on my phone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The bed. That's a good time. The bed. The bed. And if you're single shit, do I have to make the bed more attractive to y'all?


Oh no, that's, I'm living the single, single, single. Well let's not do that. 'cause everybody's single ain't having a slice. That's true. That is true. It is some long, it can be some lonely shit. Lonely. Yeah. Everybody's single before you make the bed great again. You have fucking green eyes in a Caesar your whole life. Shut up nigga. Everybody's single ain't doing the greatest. I know. You can't even picture it. Right. How like now? Yo speechless. Yeah. Look, look, he stump befuddled. Everybody's not having a greatest time out there nigga. He speak from such a place of fucking light-skinned privilege. Nigga. I didn't even say a word. You did it your whole life. Even When, you was four for one. I can't, I didn't.


You was a quarterback. You was. You worked at Century 21, you was the quarterback, point guard, all these fucking store skate border. Even When. you was 11 years old. What? Started Early? I did. That was abuse. No It wasn't. You won't admit it. It's Cool. You and Imani. Yo. No I'm not Imani. You are. I'm not. How old is she? 13. That's not abuse. What are we Talking about? Oh it was you. No, she was faster than me. It was you. No, she was faster than me. Oh no. She was faster than me. Everybody out there want to fucking start tweeting on their socials about consent and abuse and shit.


How old is your grandma and granddad? Do the people out there know how old their grandma is and their granddad? Yeah. We don't have to talk about it. We shouldn't talk about it. We shouldn't actually, we Shouldn't. And grandma's first child. Yeah, your grandma didn't know another man. Word is born. Your Your grandma. And they started having kids at 14, 15 years old back then. Your grandma never seen another man in her whole life. You just got here nigga. In 78. You have no idea of the mischief.


That's real. It was mischief. Go yo, your oldest living family member. Go ask them about your family and then get on Twitter with your opinions. Oh, I don't wanna know I Did Or no nigga I did. You went to school with some of your family members. You just ain't know they was in your family. That's true too. They just had a striking resemblance. My dad said my grand granddad got permission from my grandma's entire family to date. Like just what was going on back then. Really? Like asked to date outside of the relationship or to date her To have a relationship. You mean to date grandma? Yes. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


Oh, get it. That blew me away. Yeah. I ain't know So. I heard shit was different. I was just eating grits every morning. Stupid as hell. I ain't no shit. Nigga's a idiot. Grandpa's got permission step to the fan or something nigga. That's kind of flying. No nigga. They said you used to go on a date. The chap you sat right here. She sat right here and chaperone in the middle. Somebody smack dab in the middle and y'all watch tv. Ain't be no funny minutes here. Nah, nah, nah. Till dusk. That was a respectful thing to do till dusk. Nigga you had to get home. Wasn't none of that shit. That's a piece of my grandma fuck outta here. Fuck they talking about? Wasn't No Philippe child. What is wrong with y'all? Was it? What the fuck you talking about?


Shit. Different grandparents. Today is 43. 43. That's old nigga. 38. The fuck you the fuck you talking about? Old grand, The parents grand. Yeah. 38. you know my views are changing on that. My views are changing. A few years ago, maybe even as soon as last year, I was like telling my, my oldest, you better not come in here and make me no grandfather not don't make me no 44-year-old grandfather. I was adamant about It. And now, Now I feel like life is so short and precious and fragile that I want to see it while I have a chance to, I think and enjoy. That's a So if I get more years as a grandfather, shit, where was I listening to this?


Oh, on Abbot So. I wasn't here with y'all. When I was listening to y'all talk about y'all, y'all children. And how if you knew that the feeling was like this, maybe you'd do it sooner. I Would've, I feel like that, yes. About grand. Now See I think, I think I think the, you might be speaking from, I'm sorry. Well Again, I have a 23-year-old. But And you speak a certain position. Yes. Right. So nowadays I think it's hard as hell to be a parent. I agree with just being a parent dog. Agree with that. It is hard and the way the economy is going, it's going to even get worse. Right. So I think that in your position, You can say that because you have built the foundation in which your kid got some crutches.


You get what I'm saying? Like especially if you being a granddad, whatever your kid can't provide, You can provide it. So it's so it's a little different. I think today I would tell kids to hold off on having children because you need to set up certain foundational things now, before you have him. You agree Y'all 100%. Yeah. Even if I agree with, even if he's right, I hate that he does that. Like he may make a good point. No, I, I don't disagree with that. It's Not about you. I 'cause you internalizing the shit that I'm saying. No, no, No. Listen to me. I'm saying for the guy that hasn't built that foundation. Don't have no kids. Yo don't have no kids. No fam one ice. No bro. Don't have no kids. Yo, you, You absolutely right.


I agree with that. Absolutely I do. I'm telling you. I take a step further. You really shouldn't be trying to date too much. Fucking box bro. This shit different out here. Yo. Crazy. Y'all can't say that. I don't think. But It is five of y'all saying it. So I'm gonna be open-minded Joe. you Know how much daycare costs just daycare? Just daycare. Onenight. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Daycare don't make it to daycare. Formula. Diapers, Diapers. Diapers. If You can find formula, right? If You can find formula, You can formula. That shit is $14 a bottle on sale some spots Got it for eight. Eight. Every woman can't brush. Everybody can't do that though. What happens then? Everybody, We wick babies. Everybody. Shit. I hate Wick Babies act like they're not Wick babies.


Yo It is all right. We down I. don know. Y'all Say Don't. Yeah bro. Don't do it my nigga. You Just saying that. You saying that from a a little selfish space. No, it's not even selfish. No, it's not true. It's not. No. 'cause you saying you want to enjoy the grandkid you want from privilege, you want to enjoy the grandkid. Yo Dog You wanna enjoy, you wanna still be able to, Why do we gotta mixed privilege in with everything I Guess. No. 'cause it's perspective. That's what the per perspective to the podcast. Because we might have seven Different perspectives. I watched my dad with with with my son. He ain't, my dad is not in my position. I just think, I just think that as we age with, listen the same way y'all talk about the economy. I could talk about health and the health system and shit.


Michael Paul back there somewhere true. As you age. I just think your priorities get your concerns. Get a little more in line with some things that, alright, this is the money I make. This is the life I've afforded myself. This is the life I've made myself comfortable in. What? What brings me joy, happiness, satisfaction. And the look I see on my dad's face with both my kids is like, I'm really happy. My mom was really happy that that I was in the DJ booth with Lex like, and he in there trying to spin This shit. That's dope. Spin This shit. Dope. Dope. Very Dope. Like some of these feelings I'm talking about. Not to negate y'all. I agree with y'all.


No, but you do. I agree with y'all. I was Gonna say, those are All privileged feelings. Please. No, I agree. I disagree. That's You disagree. What? I said I disagree. You're saying you, you threw your mom's this party at this place. You have your son in the DJ booth to the person that's broke. They can't do none of that. But that party could have been in the backyard and you could've got the same feeling. Come on ice, come on ice car. Or You could have been dancing with your son. Be a little while you having your mom's party. It's a little different. It's a little Different. That's why I'm not disagreeing with y'all. No, that one right there is, I don't agree wise acknowledge that. But I'm just taught that feeling Here. I'm getting the privilege different. The privilege is being able to have grandparents that are able to still enjoy the kids, the grandkids, the way that they can about think that's going back to his sport.


So I. I understand. But it's still a very selfish thing because just 'cause you want that in the moment. Your kid might not be prepared for that kid. You Might be prepared For the grandparent experience, but your child might not really be. And you ain't be Every day. Like today I enjoy at my mom's party again. But I today I enjoy seeing, seeing the mind fuck of those that helped to raise me and was there for like, I'm speaking to my Aunt Diane. She starts talking about the election, which I'm laughing at because she's the one that forces me, forced me to watch that Michael Dukakis election back in the day, back in the day in 88. Nah, for real. She used to be glued to them shits. So today she's talking to me about today's election.


My son is next to me. It's just like a mind. It's a mind trip. It like speaks to the simulation. I like seeing, pardon me? Just, it's a feeling those elders, it's just a feeling that we can't have until we're in that position. True, true. Sure. Correct. I guess what I'm trying A thousand percent. I agree with that generation. You're observing the circle of Life. It's like When, I. Look at J Juan even. Yeah, it's like, yo dog, I have robbed niggas. Your father was the anthem to my b and e days on clue tapes. Yo, why are you sitting here right now? Not why, 'cause I hired you. It is a But it's A, it's True. He don't know. He just up here. Hey nigga. Oh you the cool, you the yada He ain having a blast.


I'm sitting here fucked up in the head. Like, nigga what? What's going It Is the same shit. I remember when we, when we watched the NBA and it's like, yo wait, that's who son. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Bro. I was watching the, I think you played for the Broncos or, or the Chargers. Maybe it was like Asti Samuel Jr. I was Junior. I thought that was, I was so you the Christian McCaffery? I remember his pop. I remember his pops. So it's like, yeah, I, I get what you saying And I guess everything I'm saying is just When. you realize that your rung on the escalator is It is going up, going up There. It's Moving. It's moving up, it's Moving. And you just see the bottom of the mall.


Different. Different, Just everything different bro. It's just It is. I totally understand. It's just like we jokingly say, yo, we getting old. We getting old. No nigga, we No we are. That's it. And I don don't even want more. We moving to them now. Like morbid us out dog. Once my, my smaller daughter came, my my thoughts about mortality. Mortality are just thrown in my face now. Like I think about that shit 24 7. you know what I'm saying? Like, but like yo dog, you want to be here, you want to be here, you want to be here. Like, I can't go I gotta be here for this, this and like that shit. Shit. I'm Absolutely, That shit is on your brain 24 7.


Like they gave me whatever my little last mortgage was, however many years. And I'm like, Dan, do I die here? Hmm? You talking about You talking about 5, 10, 15, 20 year Believe It is the 30 year more y'all. I'm gonna be here for the next 10 years. Like, ah. Like what happens if I'm with you on a maternity Italian? That shit, that shit change. You start to look at everything and that's When. you start talking. Everybody We talk about it up here. But that the trust and the wills end of this, end of that and making sure everybody's straight. I, Oh, I got an appointment. I have an appointment. I keep talking about my appointment because of that mortality thing. Now I'm rushing to it. Yes, I'm rushing to it. I feel every day that passes that I didn't get to that I feel like be Mad myself because my will is done.


I'm scared. I just didn't go sign it, sign it. And my lawyer keeps saying, yo, come in, sign it. Come in, come in, come in. Like, 'cause we had to make changes and shit. I, I hate That. I Hate him Dog. I'm telling you his shit already done. You Can procrastinate with everything else can Through DocuSign. No, no. Can You? But You can, can't. You procrastinate with the other stuff? Yeah. Don't you have enough stuff? I'm about to ask a question that's gonna piss me. How far is your lawyer from where you be from? From you? He's around the corner. They in Union. Oh see, no way. See no way. What's your problems sir? Yo dog. Right by the Wawa too. Right there. That word. That far. That far. Motherfucker. It ain't far. Yo duh. That's, you know, It is what yo dog.


I accept my shortcomings. I'm trying to improve upon Them. I know. I'm saying stop. No, stop accepting. I'm trying to improve upon them Just in certain areas. Yeah. This one, that's one. That one. This Is the one That's one. I guess the rest be late nigga don don't even give the fuck but son your shit. Yeah. No lie. What else? What else? What else? Young. Dolph. The Young Dolph. Speaking of, speaking of mentality, you know is underway A lot happened that first day a lot. Yeah. That fucked me up. They making you not even, man, all of hip hop is fucking, I know it's not hip hop. It's not hip hop, but It is hip hop. It's Not hip hop.


I know it's not hip hop, but It is hip hop. It is, They just, they just happen to be rappers. You hear what I'm saying? It's not hiphop that's doing it. The the news has marketing budgets that the labels are not giving you. That's what the problem is. So, whoa, whoa. Go back. Go back. You said the news has marketing budgets. Yeah. That the labels don't, that the labels are not given. So we are seeing more and more rappers, everything we've seen of Young Thug and however many years has been him in a suit, in a court, yada yada yada yada y that press is gonna beat 30 rappers. That Gotcha, gotcha. That you go name the same with the Puff case. Now the same with Dolph, the same with Ice said that P b's killer.


Yes. One was, was convicted. We do have a lot of death. I mean his well he was involved. Involved. We have a lot of murder, murder, death kill up there. They're showing the Do Murder Suspect and Old Chief Keef videos. Yeah. So I'm saying the budgets behind the death, death, murder, kill, and how much that's gonna be shown in our face. It is gonna be there a whole lot more than whatever you think your single is. True. Sad. No. See see I can something else Go ahead. That speak to the people though. True. They Wanna see that. And that's my point. Alright. This is full circle back to our romanticizing point. Yeah, that's I'm saying like that's not, it's not like they tailor it like no, this is what people are tuning in to see.


They want to hear the details of this. That's what makes it nasty. The DOL shit was some of the most disturbing details that I've ever heard. And I really don't want to hear the details. I don't want to hear the details. But since they're thrown smack dab in my face, hearing that young man say that he killed murdered Dolph on his daughter's birthday. See we, we now we now watching a doc. Yeah, No, I remember when it happened. He was going to get cookies. We got that. I did not need to know that. That was the killer's daughter's birthday.


Birthday. And then When I thought that was enough. The fucking shorty at, at, well why would you do that? And he fucking answered it. And I cried. I've been crying, I've been crying at news clips all week. Oh, especially this other one. This really nice one. This TikTok shit that started, it starts with would you help a child? That is seemingly endangered pants to a a, a little white girl. I saw that one. And a white guy comes over and says, Hey, you want some candy? Are you alone? Such and such? And they It is a prank. Yeah. It's not real. And they show a black girl on the bench next to her friend, the black girl start listening. She put her phone down and she walk over to somebody. Yo, you know him aint nah, she a couple years and she step nigga, get the fuck away from her B fuck you up nigga.


Whatever. She starts saying, I cry, you know I will cry. But. yeah. Fucking. And he goes on to explain, I promised my daughter a gift, a party. I, I told his mom, I mean I told my daughter's mom that I was about to bounce back and I was chop sprees and yada y he don't the stand saying nah, that was game that was just, I was just trying to get back in. And I'm sitting there like, yo, is this real? And every time you thought it couldn't get worse, it got Worse. And that's why I said it's not hip hop. That right there is why I said it's not hip hop because it speaks to the overall environment and conditions that these niggas are growing up in.


It ain't about the music, it ain't about hip hop. That's getting the blame for that shit. It's about how fucked up these people are living and the things that they are having to do out here in in these environments. It ain't about rap. Rap is getting a bad rap for That shit. And That is why I say that It is hip hop because these labels and companies are coming to these neighborhoods that are impoverished, that have a kid fucked up. And this ain't just the story of black men. This's Akashi story too. Dad ain't there. We struggling. You watching mom rub two rocks together. So now we asked earlier what secrets, what's the price that you willing to pay, how dark we come into the neighborhoods where they're willing to pay that price.


So yes, I agree with you. It ain't music. But because I know how the music business works, they make it music and because the music business is not the music business. It is content. It's the news, it's media, it's movies, it's film. It's anything that You can put your eyes on This shit get real dark and treacherous. It's Real sick. I mean it goes right back to you saying that the, the marketing budget for the news is bigger. That shit was than single. Nah, that shit was Single. That shit was deep budgets. No, it's It is It is fucked up. Like Labels want this 'cause that's free fucking promo. Promo that's bigger than what they can conjure up Dog. The guy, the gen, the guy goes on to say, they asked them, did you think that this would help you get a record deal with yada yada yada yada.


He says, yes, yes. Yeah. This will help Make you star over there. I part of why I did this was to get signed. He said that on a stand. I don't think it's coincidence. Well it ain't coincidence that they asking these music centric kind of questions. Yeah, that was the wild in these cases. It ain't, it ain't, that was nasty to ask $40,000. You killed him. You got $800, another $300 and he wrote you a letter. It's that said, if you get caught, we're gonna make sure you get the best lawyers and All that. And y'all were diligent enough in your murder to immediately hit allegedly Big J and say It is done.


You Got it. Another reason why you should watch these docs to find out how phones work. Why don't we know how phones work Nigga? Because you at home watching a doc. We, that's a privilege. We are at home with the ability to watch a doc. These niggas is out in the trenches bro. Trying to figure it to get, figure it out. I Mean I'm sure they've seen an episode of Dateline. Nah, no, no. Most people have never seen Dateline in Their life. No. There's there's a chip in your phone. There's a chip in your credit card. There's a chip everywhere. There's a white girl on TikTok telling you all the million ways that your vehicle is tracking you.


I don't care in that moment, don don't care. All that shit make all sense in the world. Nigga know what a pain is. I'm hurting. I'm trying to figure this out. And you said how much money? Fuck it. We'll deal with that consequence when we get there right now, I need to get this bread and if this was gonna get it, I'm going do it. You don't think like that in that moment. You don't need to kill nobody for 300. You definitely don't. But people are doing it. They're killing them for less. People are killing people. Not even for money, just killing niggas for name So I. He in town for a Turkey giveaway. He said that on the stand. He said we knew he was here. We knew he was here for the Turkey giveaway. So We knew we'll catch him at some point this week. Yep. The yearly Turkey giveaway.


I'm so mad that we get to hear all these details. Yes I am. It should be reminding me of these bad, badly written movies back in the days. And you be like, that shit look crazy. That shit will never happen in real life. And then stories come out. Oh, It Is heavy. This shit is really happening. It's It is heavy to even consume It is It is heavy to just hear see and then try to go on about your day. That's some sick shit. And now you gotta think about Well I I do I think about his daughter that he made these promises to. True. There you go. Like so many It is victims on both sides. Yeah, His victims On both. So now your daughter and It is gonna grow up. How?


How your daughter growing up. You ain't here. You know, you know my thing about some black crime that we just don't think out further. I feel like in the white crimes, or at least how they are seen on television, if, if one of the mobsters or the gangsters go do that, they live with the fear that something may happen to their kids. In this instance, he only doing it for his kid. Fuck the fact that whoever he's doing it to may do something to his kid. God forbid. Of course. But are we now thinking, are we not thinking these Things? No, there's no thinking. There's no logic. Logic is out the window. Think about this.


This is desperation. Let's take it a step further based on, 'cause we don't know these people based on who they say DOL was. This is one scenario I read fam. If you would've approached them and explained to him what you was about to do and what you going through, he might've put you on and gave you some shit. I Thought about that because allegedly he'd beat that number Because allegedly they saying do Dolph was buying up mad shit, real estate, all this other shit. Remember on Kings of New York Y'all I remember, I know exactly what you about say. Yeah, Christopher Walker. All right. They was about to rob him on the train. Right. And they pulled they guns out meet Me at the Plaza Hotel. They pulled they knives out and he had a banger.


He said yo and threw the nigga a big ass. Not of money, huh? Meet me at the Plaza Hotel. I got you want a job a I got a job for you. So you going kill somebody over allegedly 40 bands. This nigga might have gave you more money than you was going to kill him for and showed you a whole different avenue. But yo, we out here in the jungle. We in the jungle. my nigga like the lion not thinking about the sheep's kids. I don't even, you know what I'm saying? And also There's no, there isn't the luxury of long-term thinking. It's like that's true. You're not even thinking that. You're not thinking you're not gonna Get to enjoy that 40 You. if you got the 40, you're getting caught. Like you're not even, you're not thinking Anything. It's just Yo, I'm broke. Yo. You thinking When I get that 40.


What am I spending spending? What I gonna do? What I gonna do? It's already spent in your brain. You're not even thinking far further than that. Nope. It's not even long term short term. Thi It is no thinking. I'm just doing This shit and let me see what I can do after that. My baby gonna hopefully have a good birthday. Yeah, I think about the Triple X murder a lot 'cause he was going to get a bike, has some cash on him. Young lit. Lit nigga shit. 50,000 cash here y'all go tracking him down. Like what are you about to do with this 50 grand that you get and how long do you think you about to be outside to do something with it Even if you don't get caught That, that, see, that That would be my thing. Even if you don't get caught, let's say you don't get caught, you covered your tracks. In the best case scenario, my Nigga, $50,000 is gone in 30 days.


Nigga you took somebody's life over 30 days of fun. You talking about people that might have seen a stack to them, they think 50 grand, 50 is worth doing It. But you, you, he also mentioned, Oh then don't tell me you wanna be a rapper. But he Also mentioned a door, y'all I'm doing it 'cause I also thought I was gonna get put on. So it's past just a little stack. But you long time now that that's your weird wicked way of thinking. Long term. Fuck it. If I do this, that's I'm gonna get a career out it. I'm that's that's true. I'm gonna look good over here. Yeah, that's right. I'm gonna get some strike. I, I start just thinking about a bunch of shit in that space.


Like In our older age. Yo, you just start thinking about again everything be centered around something greater than us. Dude couldn't even work that fucking gun. Nope. Couldn't even work. The gun Shaking like a leaf. I'm watching This shit like yo dog, you shouldn't have that Hold up. The footage is out the footage, The footage is out. You see the footage ain and his man walking into the cookie shop Cookies and And they pull right up. Them niggas pulling up jump out, whipping out and firing One. How the Draco The dude that we talking about with the Yeah, with the Draco. It is like this. You try. Yeah. It looked a mess.


It looked a mess. That's crazy Sad. I see that. Yeah. Everything about It is crazy. We need some outstanding everything. Yeah. Let me find, let me find some outstanding rest in peace to do you know, at the end of my mom's birthday dinner, my niece te comes up to the DJ booth making requests. Yo, that's another thing as a dj that's hard. That's hard. Yo. As a dj, get the fuck away from my booth with your I have a list. I'm in a vibe. That Shit Is not the tempo or The genre for right now. Further, you making a request. You just came in here with your girlfriend. I got other questions Like, But but anyway, she come over to the booth and start making a request while my mom had did.


So she's like, yo, can you play some young people music Joe, could you play some young people music? And my mom was like, young people music and Toma and, and Tamara's like yeah some young people music. And she and my mom said, yeah Joe, we play some young people music. And Tamaya said, grandma, you like young people music. And my mom said, yeah, but all of the young people music I like, they died. I was just like, fuck. But she's right. My mom loved Juice Whirl. My mom loved Pop Smoke. My mom loved like some of these niggas that she found out about. She don't. And It is just a, just a stark reminder.


Like I was mad that my mom knows that. Yeah, I was mad about that. That's deep. I Got it. I got y'all. Yeah please. I'm sorry. That's heavy deep shit. That's heavy right there. Nah, that's real. I got y'all right now. And I did play some pop smoke too. Of course I did Give a little bit. I miss Pop smoke. Y'all lucky Pop smoke Pop smoke is going. I ain't gonna lie. He was gonna be on your ass with the Tory Lane so too. Y'all lucky Tory Lane's going too. Anybody to make the slaps. They outta here. Rest in peace. Frankie Beverly. Your rest in peace past day, rest in peace.


Do past day. I miss you and I love you. Rest in peace. Do rest in peace. PB another one rest in peace. Tito Jackson. You yo, yo Joe Jackson still over? Nah, nah, he going rest in peace Joe Jackson. Rest in peace. Just take that, take the credit away from Joe. Man said that shit was singing man. Nigga yo. And when she was in the hospital, nigga Ike was crazy.


Hey I Damn. Rest in peace Tina. That's right. That's the beast. That's Right. Damn Mike Shank hate to get sorry about that. Rest in peace to everybody. We have lost thoughts and prayers to they family friends.


And let's see, let's see. It says since Frankie Beverly passed, we should make, before I let you go, before I let go the new outstanding, if there's ever a song that ex explains the importance of the guitarist.


He came with that smoking that shit. He, he ended simple too. What? That little piece on the front of This. shit. Whoa. I bet you he came back in to do this. Whoa, whoa. Get outta here nigga. Hey yeah, let me clean you up real quick. Hey, some fucking Tito Jackson, Tito. This was just a nigga on some Titos You. All right. I might vote with that. I might vote to make that.


I like that. I like it. What else do we have that you guys are passionate about or that we need to hit before this broadcast is over? We can get some quick hits out there. A couple of quick things. Get some Quick hits. Beyonce has a new whiskey out. Sir. Davis been hearing about people saying it's really good. I'm gonna try to go find some people. She got Levi's coming too. Levi's? Yeah, it appears that way. Yeah. Love Black Girls Assses on to Levi's Fit. Is that a song? Yes, Her husband. Oh, okay. All right. Beyonce doesn't really ever do With Up Down. That song was for black girls with ass Oh Shit. So what category do I fall into? Mixed Girls with ass.


You gotta ask. I know, I know. Careful. Okay. Careful Who you so Fat You can see it from the front anyways. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Time out. Alright, wait. Alright. Slow, slow down my tea Go. We said you got some ass. You ain't got steered from the front ass Mel. It's Right there. Nope. When. you have to say that Mel. Mel. It's Right there Mel. It's right, right there. You don't, it's okay. It's okay. Listen, I'm slim thick right now. Okay. Okay. That's peace. Yeah. Moving on. You make me happy. There you go. There you go. Well Yeah, try out Sir Davis.


I heard it Is pretty good. You're not slim thick right now. So then what am I You're not slim thick. You think you're thick? Yeah. And you think you're slim? Yes, I'm definitely Is she slim thick? What'd you weigh? She's slim thick. What do I weigh? Yeah, maybe like 1 43, 1 45. Yeah. That Slim That is Slim That is slim thick. Yeah, she's small. Yeah. That's slim thick for somebody for ice or something. Y'all's melt too thick for you. That is slim though. Yes. You're Are You crazy? I I have a girlfriend. No, No, not male specifically Asshole. I ain't saying fucking nothing. That's 1 47. One 50. No, Not too thick for you.


Yeah. You got ice fucked up. Ish. You didn't live with em? No. You didn't live with 'em? Nah, we seen him come I don. They was, it was Bony Ish. No, he whatever you talking about It is over for that. No, he likes Bony. I know but like Slim. 1 1 1. Yo. And I thought about you this week while I was home. Ice Happened On this particular topic. Yo, I hate to reveal to y'all that I think of y'all so much when I'm, but I do. Y'all are really intriguing to me. Ice. Your girl is cool with your glow. Love My girl like Glow.


We love her music and She's fan so Yeah, but I didn't think about it until I remembered your affinity for the shape. Oh, I don't look at her like that. I don't care about that. She's still a fan and I love her music. That's it. You don't like the Mo So you wouldn't do nothing with her. You don't like the Mooch. don don't with nobody. You think she looked like Sway Lee? No. Why you picked Sway Lee outta all outta all the niggas you pick Sway? No, I either picked up Sway Lee the other day. I'm like I was, I was like Oh Shit. That's way Lee. I'm about to go look.


So Fool moving on right along. Moving right Along. But? Yeah. Oh Shit. Nah, she don't, she don't trip off none of that shit. Oh Lord. Yeah. No. I used ain't fuck with nobody. This Mel weight and Mel don't even beat this weight. Really? Yo. That's crazy. Really? What is crazy? So what's, oh I crazy. What's Mel weight? What is My weight? What's my normal weight? Hmm. I'm gonna just let you know. It is blinkers on the buses. Holy shit. Oh. Shit. I Just seen that. Yo.


Something wrong with your brain. My yo. That's crazy that you saw that from me. Something wrong with your brain. Hey Show the picture. Show the picture the picture. Show The picture. Don't show me. No we gonna show you. Yo. This nigga is nuts nigga. Yo. Put the AI voice of Of her voice. We ain't never seen them together. Oh. Shit. That's like the bow. Wow. Little mama shit. Yeah they the same person too. Oh Shit to them too. That's funny. That's funny As hell. Listen, my heart goes out to you guys out there that know your female doppelganger. Yo. Like I don't think you should know it. I don't think you should know it. Yeah, I don't want to know the girl that looking just like me.


We had a funny conversation. you know We talk about girls when they look like their fathers. Yeah. When you dating a girl and you, you always do that. Yeah. You look back at at the picture of the parents and be kind of glad that they look more like the dad than the mom because mom looked beat like, oh you got your features from your dad. All right. That's piece Possibly pretty good girl. That's might have been the bad bitch. This nigga said Pops might I gotta get into that one day with their dad and they life Like Oh Shit. you know what dad, dad look like. You know What did dad Look like? I just know off the question like yo who you look like more? Yo, I've never seen a nigga. You never met Mr.


Johnson? No, not at all. Not at all. I would like to know how That would go if I was in the fifties and sixties whenever that was. That we needed the, the family needed to approve of the the dick that Yeah. Yeah. I just pictured me showing up to the door. I picture the bad boy scene. Reggie. Yeah Reggie You had to ask permission, go to the door, ask permission to just take out off the RIP. Yeah, no that'd have been nasty. Look what niggas that made a living off us Girls with no dance. That's crazy. Yo That is nuts Me. It sounds bad today but in, in real time when it was happening.


I didn't know that today anybody just didn't have a dad. Just after a few you see some traits that, oh you see traits It show after a while. It shows after. After A few The first convo, first combo. You can probably talk about this later. What's the fact? The sign. But she ain't got no daddy. I Don't know the signs but the conversation, you know I talk long so When I get you on that phone. You Know Little Floyd Mayweather conversation. I know No papa. Yeah. One of the signs is how they react to you leaving like they think you leaving for life Fucked up. Go to the store.


s go trash. I leave my wallet with you collateral off my damn. I'm coming right back. For real. Yo, this nigga is a Idiot. Yo. Oh Shit bro. Oh man. My god. Yo, you're a fool. Yeah, I had a, I had a conversation with someone a long time ago about they Think It is worth Oh alright. Oh My bad. No, no, no. I'm done. No, No. I had a conversation with someone a long time ago, about a long time ago, about what they think is worse. A woman that grows up without they, they dad or dude with a bad relationship with their mom. Dude. With mom. Yep. I would agree with that. Yeah, me too. I don't think of us should have better relationship with their mom, period.


Period, period. But just don don't Know. That's, I don't think anybody should shoot their mom well Ever. Period. Yeah. I don't think they shooting nobody but Nobody But. yeah. Especially your, come on, You can't shoot your mom. No. Yeah. Come on man. De guys. Yeah, You can cut her off but you can't shoot her. You Could have killed the dad and explained to mom what? I don't know why they did that in that shit. I'm telling you bro, they might have felt like They shot hair chest start a shotgun. That's mom going to tell one of 'em. Could have said your mom come this way with and not just that if mom is alive, she get everything. Exactly That. Yeah Exactly. They both gotta go The other thing. Ta. Yeah, they both gotta go. But moms might have been generous.


Another Not That one. And I Guarantee She didn't seem like the nicest person in the didn't depiction. Oh so far maybe something changes But. yeah, but That's their story. Y'all Then they had the nerve to be happy when everything in the will was left to them. Yeah. I felt the way about that. What you felt They just killed their parents. You think they not gonna rejoice? I was stuck on that. I think that they might have, well they altered, we'll see, I think They alter the will fabricated that. I think they altered the will. That's why we wouldn't let nobody go in there. And he made up the lie talk about, so he might have some dirty pictures. We knew my dad had girlfriends. I need to go in there first. He went there and it came out with the will. They found it in the closet. He didn't come out with the wheel.


The maid found. The maid found the wheel? Yeah. Oh. He didn't come out with nothing. I do Believe. Okay. So that's what I meant. That's what I meant. What I Oh no, I think Was In there. He went in there and took that. That's what I'm sorry I, I think he took what was in there. So there was no will and planted something for the maid form. But Then he wouldn't have been genuinely surprised when the maid found it and he read that they left him everything. Part because part Nobody was there part. No, no. He was surprised but nobody was there to see it. It was just him talking to his brother. We got everything. That's what the sheet said. So there was nobody to perform for, Didn't. Oh there was also a scene, don don't know if you guys had gotten to this, but when they was doing the robberies, the pop said something like, I'm writing you out. The will. Yeah. Yes. So he may have taken that will piece and stash it away somewhere. Yes. Like on So.


I Don't believe that. I just think that dad lied That he Maybe You can just say some shit just lie. Just affect your kid away, Dog. You're not gonna say that to your kid on some on The stop. Dumb shit. You not getting shit. Yo. Y'all don't have to think That's about that. Y'all don't have to think about that too. And your aspiration and your aspirations to ascend and get more money. Like, you know, be scared of the point where you now mark to even your family. Does Anybody ever think About that? I've thought about it. I Mean not direct. Well how could you now think watch them in industry or nothing. But I, I ain't got enough money for that. They'd be fighting for nothing. I don't know if that's true Cadillac family. I think it's, I think if he knew wasn't my, I think if your uncle knew what was really going on with you a little bit.


He ain't Been to Virginia in a second. Honestly. I'm here. You yo nigga so stupid nigga man. Have your ass. Yo. Anyway. Yo, I was just down there. But back to that it wasn't my shit. Oh, It is enough. No, but I don Don't. don don't. I don't. And I would never think like you think like that. you know what else Joe? That relationship was a little, it's about how you raise your kids. I think about it now that I'm doing estate planning. No, Trey would never, No Trey would never. That's what I'm saying. Who would I think you gotta assess the situation. No. Okay. you know what I'm saying? I think you gotta assess the situation If you raising your kids accordingly. I don't think you gotta worry. Nobody in my life would.


Yeah. I don't think that that's the point of the paranoia. I don't like whether, you know somebody That would do that or not. Stop watching docs. my nigga Don. It's not docs. Yo. It's succession Yo. No matter it's It's billion. It's anything where there's a lot of money. Yeah. Ish don't be, don't be silly. Don't be foolish. I might Be nice. The parents that got killed, look in that doc look pretty surprised that That would even happen to them. You don't think I'm just saying, I'm just kicking Oh. Shit. But I'm saying if You, if you, I Knew you was coming. No nigga, nigga You. If you a shitty parent, I don't understand you. We just talked about sadly the Young Dolph shit $300, yada yada y.


So we you talking about like what amount of money you never think like how you look at money don't have to be how the people in your life and your family look at money. So let's say it's $500,000. Like it don't have to be Do somebody in my family million me over half a million. I'm not talking about your family. I'm just saying, saying Though I got some killers in my family. Half yo. Hey Mike, my nigga 20 say nigga 20,000 might get yo make nigga click. I don't think they'd do it for 20 but I got some little niggas in my family that might crack me for 500,000. Nigga fuck if niggas is fucked up, fucked up Out here nigga take a 20 piece nigga take a nigga take a eight piece. Yeah. If that bad But.


yeah but, but the family for eight listen. Oh nigga get killed outside for 2,500 or niggas are desperate twice on. They got nowhere to nowhere to go. Yeah. They start thinking, all right, where could I get it from? That's true. That's it. Yeah. don don't think my family would cracked me for eight. A lot of people don't until they family crack 'em. Good point. Well that's why it's good not to tell your family what you're leaving them The you ain't gotta tell. Yeah, change a number. You ain't, you ain't really gotta Tell 'em. I got some cousins they find out I left him 3,500 nigga I gotta sleep's expedited. I'm going get that. Let's expedited. We got him Got my look.


My look short though. This shit, like my shit is short. Yeah, your will looks long. We about to find out. Oh yeah, you, oh you ain't do it yet. You about to do it. Oh, gotcha, gotcha, Gotcha. It's Shit ain. He's a state planning right now. This shit Gonna be It is difficult. No you I'm just saying you got more family members than me. You got more branches than I have. Yeah. With regards to that. He's creating Trust and shit. No, I have more money than you. That's what No, but I'm talking about who? No, we got the same amount of money Then. What do you mean? My list of who I'm leaving it to is Stop You serious. I believe that whatcha talking about you're thinking mean.


I'm not mean. And you have a very big family. You have a That's, that's what I'm saying. You have more branches than I have. You have siblings with regards to my family tree. You got nieces and nephews and brothers and mad siblings and all that other shit. Lemme ask you a Question, but you can't speak. This is what I'm saying. you right. Your father, your mother. I'm saying by the time God willing that you leave, you don't know what your family's gonna Look like. I'm talking about today. Oh no estate planning today? No, we got positive. You better not leave today, Yo. No, you're not listening to what I'm saying. My list is short today. Yeah, but You'll have to add, maybe listen to yo, We got positive. Don't dial no dude. You, you Got unc.


UNC in my wheel. Yeah, no, he definitely Clip me for 20 piece. I was like, clip Him for the look. Fuck Coroll And Right. The wheel Oh. Shit let me, everything. Oh, he gave, he did right after. What happened? That is My man. Yo and he gave me the Car. Magical Yo. Lot of shit. Oh. Shit. I wish I was a around, I wish I was gonna be around after I'm to see them. I'm not around to see them niggas faces to see who mad at what they got left. I want to be in that room. That's always my favorite room during the def. I'm into this podcast soon.


But yeah, when they pulled us all in there. Hey. All right everybody, come on. come on back in grandpa room. We going open the will and read it out loud. Michael. Paul, I'm glad you here Man. They did that? Yes. Wow. That's Usually how it's done. Michael Ball gonna come over to me. How much he left you nigga. I'll punch you in your fucking face. I'll kick you in the head. you Know damn Well MP got more than you. Yeah, but he was gonna get more than me. Oh. My granddad raised, but he knew it. And he coming over there with that posh doing that shit and didn't know what really made me mad. Since Michael, boy, I'll tell, know what really made me mad. Michael boy got left more than me.


Right. Cool. Expected what? Expected. My dad has some hats. Just granddaddy church hats. Mm. I said, all right, I'm gonna take in a few of these just for memorabilia. you know what Michael Paul did? He didn't take all the hats. No. Came and took, came and took some of my hats. The ones that you was taking? Yeah. Here. He just one, he took one boy I could. Oh man.


That Rest in peace to my grandma and my granddad. Man. That I love y'all. Is there, is there anything else that's super, super, super, super, super Important? Nah, nah. We had some quick hits there, but No. You try to sneak in some Beyonce whiskey? Nah, you know Usher Shit. More mascots. How is that a mascot? Whatcha went over my head. What's so wrong with you? Everybody's a, I'm not saying a word. It's everybody. I mean, it ain't, I get quiet about everybody. It's everybody. Shit. I could go deep on this too right now. But can't. It won't save a Patreon.


I know he's scared of that too. Some of them got Patreon. No, some of 'em got his heart. None of them have my heart. None of 'em have my heart. Antoine Nigga just took your shit. Put it in they pocket you. You watch what you say nigga? Oh Shit. Watch what you say nigga. It's alright bro. I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm on your team. No you're not. I Amm on your team. You, I would Stop you. you know. I'd be like yo, whoa, whoa. No, I would never, I would never. Let's see. Oh, Before we get outta here, any thoughts on what your man Jerry Jones was saying? Hmm? Talking about somebody? Me? Yeah. Measuring Dick crazy. Wait, what? Yo, you Bill your there.


You can say what you want. Jerry Jones was on Jimmy Flock. Jimmy. Well it says he was on Jimmy Fox live measuring dick's of the players on the Cowboys. It is real. Don don't know sounds. When He said, when he said the Dick shit, it was, his face was no longer on camera. So someone could have very easily AIed some dick shit in there. But Jamie Fox ended it right at that moment. Like right after it said he looked at him. He looked at Jerry like he had his face and then ended the lies. Maybe it's Real, don don't know, but which Jamie Fox was It? It looks like the real one. Gotta be careful. Got that. Be More careful buddy got got got on the road, you son. I ain't nevermind.


Nevermind son. They know the 40 time, the long jump. And then they go in and then the dick side. Nigga, You be in the locker room after the game over. What you think them niggas be walking around with a ruler? Some shit is visible Eyeball. The Dicks eyeballing. You got high traffic, nigga. I'm the long jump. It is disgusting. Yo, y'all are so nasty, yo. Yeah, this is disgusting. Yeah. All right. I'm done. I'm done here. Oh man. I'm done here. Rest in peace. Tito Jackson. I'm not, I'm not covering any Dame Dash J. Nothing. I don't care. Okay. It's, it's Seems like an ongoing Yeah, don't even, don't even write it no more.


I'm, I'm cool. Usher's Tweets being deleted. Oh. Shit. That was great. Usher and Pink deleted all of their tweets. Everybody assumed that Usher did that because it had something to do with the Puff case. Nobody said a word to Pink. Like she couldn't have been at the party. I don the fuck. And she was, we need a little white girl with fucking dyed hair to come in the party Who wanted an urban slap. Yeah. No, I remember that. Pink. Nah, I, that was the first paint. That's the pink. That was little. That Was all, that was Moth. That was moth. I Was about to Say a Name Never bother. Yeah, that was little Moth. Look at you.


But us. Usher said his page was hacked though. Right? He did. Said it was hacked and sure y'all fell for that. Sure. I believe it because the hacker went on spaces. The hacker went His spaces some coin and shit and Yeah, but he did what? Pull a rug. Dump the hacker from Usher's page. Yes. Yes. Opened open up a Twitter Space. Yeah. And was in there talking about releasing some, some crypto coin? No. Did he sound like Usher? No. Oh, okay. No, not at all. So he wasn't hiding the fact He was not Usher. Okay. Usher. you know we want to hear about this writing camp that was going on back then. Little. come on now. Hey, if we gonna get to it, let's get to it now. It is the first Beaver, Oh.


Shit all. He said it all right. He Said it. Parks. Parks. Tell me So. I'm going to Usher show so I'm not playing saying Black. Dude, I'm saying that's my nigga. I ain't fucking Nope. Nope. But if you are looking to put a tinfoil hat on, Then It is It is there Operator? It's right there. don don't see video. You don't remember the video? Alright, we go. Yo. Stop. Y'all gotta stop. Y I gotta stop. The concert ain't finished yet. The time I think of you Sleepers who? And then you know it passes on. Nevermind, go ahead. Oh, solution Mary j bge as well.


She announced that she's releasing next album, last Joint Farewell Tour. Farewell album. She outta, she outta Here too. She outta here. Right. Salute. Salute. I do want to hear Mary's album. 1%. Me too. Me too. I really enjoyed these new Mary Slap Invado got over there for some reason. I do. Oh that's right. She got label. That's right. You didn't Wonder When, you was seeing Barto for a couple Fridays in Costa with popping bottles with the mink on. And The It Is like, hey, something's different. So It's a budget Came. Hey, hey.


Barto was the other side of CAA with the, the shades on. The bitches. The chains. I was like, he is glowing. There's a certain glow that was shining on me. God damn. Now bad glow Caesar. Caesar in a little different, Damn, Damn nigga turning up in Casa. I was like, it's cool. We can have tonight. I'll be back next Friday. Came back next Friday. He was there Again. Alright nigga. Now I'm wearing my chains. I try to keep it cool in here. Chapter Bono. Me. That's funny. Me Bono It is because a good laugh. That Apple. Yo.


Yo. Oh, the what? The apple? The apple. Oh. Oh man. No, no. This nigga is an yo. You are a Dodo. Yo. No, no. That was funny though sir. That was funny. That was Funny. That's also one of my favorite, favorite nights on Twitter all time. Yo. That was like when Twitter was dying but we all got together to She Why was that blame hot? That's What he did. I remember that conversation. Yes, I remember. Alright. Sto Thatdo Salvato. He's funny as Fuck. And they kicked him off the show. Did they? They did.


They kicked him out the house. No you ain't. They sent him to another house hotel. That's only funny to me because I went through some court shit while I was on reality TV and that damn Janice Joplin whatever. Jan Jolin. What's Janice name? Janis Joplin. Y'all remember Janice? you know the whole ass Janice? She, oh my god. It is got her out of this House. They put me in a whole nother hotel. Nah sir. Wait, Yo, you know much. You feel packing your bags going to your room. That's not your room. Everybody's sitting in the family room.


They Gotta watch you walk out. Some niggas you may fly with. Hey Joe, where you going? I'm here from Creed. Like, and you know the minute you walk of the house, they gonna have a good time talking about you too. Oh Fucking Janice. Aw man. Bye Joe. Nigga did you with the bye Joe, Then I left. I went, I went, I went to the other hotel, lonely as hell. Then flew to New York, went to court. Like Judge, I'm in the house making some money over there. He was like, all right, bet You can go back. I went back, brought my bag, went back in my room thinking everything is peace. Who met me right at the door. You guessed it. James, Janice. He's back. Oh Gary.


Yo. Yo. I can yo. Oh that was, yeah the lady from America's next top. Janice Dickinson. Janice Dickinson? Yeah, Janice Dickinson. You Got it. You got beef or something. So why it was the wildest yo. That's hilarious. And this when she was hot 'cause she had the Bill Cosby story. Bill Cosby. Yeah she did. So she was going on the Bill Cosby shit crying and then attacking me so nobody could say nothing to her. Yeah, Like Oh Bill Cosby and Joe. I Was like that's Funny. When is this show Over?


Oh my God. Holy shit. The things we did for 75 grand, Yo, You are an idiot. Yo should have been a buck 50. That bitch I gotta split that split Out. I was getting fucked Half. You get half. Half? What you mean? You say, oh, what you mean? I actually, yeah, give passed. You got to Good old ice management Nogging behind the doors. Right. It is over. Man, yo. No You gonna leave me hanging. Yes, you need to get that contract on. I had nothing to do with that. And the funny shit is, this is the problem.


And then we ended in this find sleepers. The funny shit is When, you subscribe to somebody on OnlyFans and Unsubscribe, they still DM you. The the, the, the the vids. So sometimes you go to check on somebody so you hit the little, go ahead and get this fine off man. You subscribe and you unsubscribe. You get outta there. But now they're sending you all the heat allegedly every day. But is it hot? So every time I go on my only van, But I'm looking right there. This motherfucker got, they split that shit. You got 70 this, I'm sitting right there and I look, look what you did Nigga You can, you can't help yourself yo.


You can't help yourself. I gonna lie. I got mad at Joe. He gassed up one of them and I went right over there to look. I did not like her content. Who? gb I. don know who That is. you know gb. What's the initials? Stealing in there. Talking about do you like chocolate chips? Shit, that's whatever dude is controlling shit. All he doing is talking. I keep saying it Like When's the last time you cried? Like stupid Shit. I hate the nigga back. Like nigga I'm trying to bust a nut.


I'm crying right now. Shit, you Playing nigga. You got some send that heat. You got some heat. Nigga. Fuck Doing the fuck is wrong with you? Do you know why we Sleepers? Man? Sleepers. Sleepers sleep. I here for This shit. Yeah. Fuck. Oh That's funny. No, I'm gonna go read these shit now for real because y'all think I'm lying. Find y'all sleepers. All right. Find y'all sleepers real quick. Quick. Let me see. Oh, and lemme see it pop right up like a freak. Pop like a freak said pop. No look, that ass This shit make me mad. You going through your only fans.


Look, look This shit. You read it. What's your favorite way to get up after some rest? Slow or fast? Favorite way to get up is busing a night. We talk. I woke up in a good mood this morning and wanna share one of the reasons was for you staying with me until now and renewing your subscription. Am I still? Oh I know I ain't, that's a lie. I gotta lie like a motherfucker. Look man, look. Look at all these. Look what I said right there. I'm just here to get my dick hard. Did you type that Back?


Did some reply back to it? Yeah. Well not, not back to that. Oh okay. Anyway. That's funny son. Shout you talking nigga. Yo Breathe. I'm sick. What you doing? It is like, why is you talking to me like this? Wait, nigga gave instructions. Scroll out. Alright. All right. We got a maids and sleeping for Y Allall today. That's funny. Or maybe not. Oh man, that was good. Oh man. Show. So maybe we bleep her name out. Maybe it was funny. That ain't her.


That's fucking Hector or some shit. Juan. All. All right for sleepers. I'm going with an oldie but goodie. Yep. I'm at that age where I can say oldie but goodie. This is Musiq. Soulchild.


Onenight Say I'm not What?


So.


I you.


When you When I.


You can feel that you need but you seem to be just a little afraid. That's it's okay. It's, I want you babe. I mean want You If You need, I'm willing wait, just as long as you know that I want You. if you say it's okay, I want, I want, I want you want As as I want You.


if you need me to be take time. Right. I don I don. Brand new old music from one of the greatest, A record is called Onenight by Musiq.


Soulchild. Before we get to that next sleeper, there was something, it was something that wasn't on the board but, and I ain't see nobody bring it up. It's true. What's up? What's up? Yeah nigga. Yeah. you know what time It is? I don't. You don't. Congratulations. You better get familiar with the Minno pod nigga. Huh? Here you go. come on man. Stop playing. You better get familiar. You better get familiar with a new podcast in the street. New new job Biden.


You better learn about that Minow pod, huh? Yeah, you too Antoine. You better get with it. October 1st. Their faces fresh off Pod of the month. Brand new pod. Brand new podcast. Hitting the streets. I didn't know Pod. Yeah, I hope let's go. Ah. It's a brand new pod hitting the streets. Let's go. That they not ready for. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Fuck they talking about Minno po. Are you saying like that?


Yeah. Yo, what the fuck they talking about out there? The mad ass one. We got the host, the hostess with the mostest. you know it from that foodie shit She did. But now menopause, the Minno Oh Shit This shit. Yo. Moment of silence man. Let's get a word while we have the host of the Minno part. Hey, before we get to that sleeper mom, come on, let's get some words man. Okay, Well thank you very much. That was, that was awesome. I appreciate that. Anytime. Yeah, the Meno pod. I'm launching it October 1st. Octo. Oh my god.


I can't believe I'm having this conversation with y'all. Fuck. Alright, whatever. October 1st is me Podcasting. We brought you in the game. No, no I menopause. The menopause is launching on October 1st because October is menopause awareness month. So I am like getting the jump on that. Okay. Yeah. Not really. It was October 1st, wasn't It? Oh no, it's, yeah, it first October When it start. When did breast cancer awareness? Month breast cancer. Well, there's a bunch of things that happen in October. That's, yeah. Yeah. So it's gonna be, that's the launch date. Well, congratulations. Congrats. Thank you Congrat. Congratulations. come on man. You forward to it. Give it up one more time. Forward the little pod, middle Pod. We Bitches Without Periods.


Fun times. Nigga Party over here, nigga niggas. Nigga. They still fucking a lot. You ain't, you ain't gotta pull out neither. Squeeze. Watch. Go. Let's go. Yeah, yeah. Fuck y'all thought. Is this a solo venture? Yeah, yeah. Information as a matter of fact. S who everybody has kind of met up here. S Big S. Yeah. S Oh. Shit S is one of my co-hosts. Oh, okay. I like that. Yes. S has a master's in nutrition science. And so a lot of the discussion is going to be centered around the lifestyle of women who are about to hit the transition or in the middle of the transition or just past it and wanna offer sage wisdom.


But you know, just a lot of lifestyle changes have to happen, like fitness, diet, et cetera, et cetera. So the other host, her name is Tanya Thornton and she has 25 years experience in the fitness industry. Pilates and, and strength training and that sort of thing. So yeah, That's really, Those are my, those are my three, those are my two hosts. I look forward to listening. I can't lie, I cannot wait. Me too. To listen to Melyssa s and Tanya. Well, here's the situation is, you know, excluding, well at some point you are going to be involved with a woman who is going through this and you're going to wanna know how to No, we won't. Yes. Yes, you will Wait. No, wait, wait.


What is she talking? Oh, wait, wait, bitch off. Whoa, yo. Oh, she's so cute y'all. Oh, you're fucked up. Oh, so wait, wait, wait. You, You're gonna, you're gonna treat Ruby, You're gonna trade into the new models. Change them out. Hey Ish. Hey Ish. What is wrong with these old, I mean these older ladies. Mel. What? That is one of the gifts of the salt and pepper, beard aging and being wealthy. Okay, we That is, That would never have to deal with that shit. That Is privilege. And You should want to, one of the privileges is not y'all, you Should want to stop looking.


You should want to date never dad. A seasoned, seasoned beautiful. Oh, please, please. No, There we go. Well, I'm in a relationship so I'm not talking about Yes you are. I'm not talking. So that relationship, she Get a period. The second she lose it, she, she lose you. We both out. Guess what? It flush down. You don't keep the tires without the trending. Do you check engine? Like come on. you know, to bring it back in for some service. Oh, Shit. Sometimes they tell you the whole engine engine is bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta do away with the car. Holy shit. And I'm joking by the way, we are totally joking straight. All jokes.


But I was definitely gonna use this opportunity to be misogynistic. Yeah. It is a perfect time. Yeah, It is a perfect timing. Well I am tuning in to hear what yo old hat gotta say about that. On what show again? Yeah. Mepa Meno Meno. The Meno pod Menopause Hosted by Melyssa Ford Did. Well who's a mike? Me. Okay. Okay. Y'all. You know what I, this is now wait, wait. I'm gonna give you your flowers sitting next to you for almost the last two years. I have learned a lot. A lot. Really? Yes. Yes. And I'm not being sarcastic at all. I have muscles developed that I never had before and I see it when I'm now in the A mic position.


How I handle two novices. you know, two people that I have to help to develop. And so I've instinctively absorbed some of the things that you do that I've watched you do that at I'm, I marvel at it. And I just wanted to say, you are fucking amazing at what you do. I really, yo, if you've never been to Hugh Half House, shut up right now. Nigga It is crazy. My bad. You play boy bunny. Oh no. It is so hard to do upon with people that have never been to Hugh, Hefner town. Like these, these novices, these fucking limited in their travel guys like to pod with them.


So yeah. I'm glad you understand man. I, It is tough. I do and I had instinctively Some shit. Gotta kick in. Yeah, Yeah. Like The pod with you brothers. I mean you know this nigga is crazy. I'm going to give you guys flowers for coming such a long way because She wouldn't even be able to know how to deal with novices. The Fuck. you know what I see. Almost got She's true's true. No, no, no, no, no. That's facts. Y'all did come A long way. The man who blow me Off. I'm we gotta clap it up. Zero sarcasm right now. Zero. Zero. I am literal. Be for real. I'm giving flowers right now. You guys have come such a freaking long way.


And you are, you are really great. Really great Novice ass niggas. No, a lot of improvement. Hey October two man. October two now she Got it one October Two October one. No, I'm talking about October as well also. Oh, oh, oh yes. Yeah. No she Got it. Yeah she Got it. Yeah you Got it. Oh Thank you. I'm checking that out boy. The damn right. Alright French. What you playing? Oh I'm going to Philly. This is Meek's new record he just put out, it's called Robby ROBBIE. SON well traveled. Philly is right there next to right There. That's where a fire at. These are propaganda campaigns.


They'll pay a thousand people to go online and just post negative things about a particular thing because they know that that one thing That is discovered do. It's gonna offset their profits here The Life short. But my money long, I go through shit and still act like you ain't nothing wrong. Know what they on. They get the number to my other phone. I only stutter rap So I can put my brothers on. Who I been hit you Where Land Daddy Love is wrong. Been in TX since through the trench so they can't tell us home and I'm super rich, gimme in still can put it on. Niggas asking where I been. I tell 'em I been putting on, she begging me to put it in. Praying that I put it on.


Take it to the jeweler, get that pad here, put it on. I'm gonna apply my shit. That's man ain't gonna put it on. Niggas with me banging different games for me, they get along, I'll be on that other shit. All these dream chaser got me running. Shit I just left from Ghana Bunch some moves out with the government. Fly out with some vibe. I do fly me in some other shit. This money came with power and I'm loving it man. I be playing Don. They ain't really know I wasn't intelligent. They see me turning hundred court to a Colory or the Mars in my closet. It ain't skeleton. I aint paid 300 but on the street they go for 7 cent. I never send my homie on a mission. I won't slide on never bust no paper with a bitch before I put my guys on. Still spinning roses the same corner niggas died on in the ghost. Try see if nigga souls need to ride home.


I'm on a hold never level dey niggas. You can get on my level bitches and I knowing Rich as fuck but don don't never think I'm better than no nigga. I got hot. It is whatever with these niggas. I'm a sharp. I would swim, I would walk, I would pedal to a nigga just to make it to the same box and live life better with my niggas Just to make it to battle. Tested everything I wanted. I manifested. It was dreams. I was chasing renting, I had to catch it. It was things that I really wanted. I had to get in dumb. Oh geez. No that's Robbie sir. Since adolescence if you stayed down till you came up her the chain up, you ain't got no chain on no watch though. Your gang up jury. Ain't no jury never made that. I came up with back then came back ran He ain all rapping.


I'm talking about a by la lemme my hood. Them free niggas and got lost cats Got it out the mud. I can't even tell you how this all happened. I take 10 grand to a man like I'm doing magic going savage. Louis Virgil got the soft fabric. Virgil may look like he got some Tims on it. Equity on the back and in the front I want M's on and the definitely I'm going test him what I want 'cause I bend on this Ben Heavy niggas talking crazy on the neck. Kenny and Ben Patch honey can cast let them cards. They made me spin fast. Ain't no limit on it. Person. Miller. I got This shit master. I promise. Riding in a tank on my way to the bank. No guy don't judge. I cut 'em off. Just from the way to think. Kenny and State I've done it all got me scraping the shank. Richest nigga in the county. Ain't no taking my plate.


Ain't no making me. We I'm going right in. I was on the block when the cops stop there striking us like lightning in throwing left right straight at this system. Like I tyson this fight in where we living like This shit is Tri Flint. Louis signed me bat coming. Ain't no fight. He said you won't get to be Meek Mill. You get indicted. He don't know my back into the war. I get excited don't rap to the sun. come on my cell and I ain't tired my cell, he was white. He fighting a body. He about to go to try. He hear me rap me get his fired. That wasn't give Life won't send him back to his Inspire. He was kind of nervous going to practice with the choir. I told him when he got the judge winning for the fire say lose case He ain gonna turn to Michael May sitting in my face. When. I had told him I ain't lying. I'm gonna make it out Them trenches with them millions I ain't dying.


And That is ROBBIE SON, Meek Mill. Meek is doing this completely independent thing where he just like yo fuck all of that. I'm dropping When. I wanna drop. I'm not chasing streams, I'm not chasing chart numbers, I'm just putting music out and I fuck with it as long as music gonna sound like this. That's I don For two now just, just Last night he just dropped another song the other day. He just dropped Cyber truck last year. Yeah Cyber That is where I heard that. And then now this one it's two for two. Joe was talking about some alchemist. So I'm gonna play something off this Alchemist tape. This is Diego Maradona with Conway Spin Move Big chain, big goal spin move Rick Gold, Tim Boots big soul freak through Watch looking like a ball from a disco in the limo making calls from a brick phone.


Mar Donna bounced the ball on the hin bone. Tam butter cut the ball, got a skin tone, pillow talk's, got the spot where our sin blown. If it wasn't for the blitz it would've been thrown to your dome. I'm gonna fo go the syndrome. Carve initials with the chisel, put it in stone, go left, left. Switch whips up. You see how I'm finessing it? Get stitched up. Lay down. You need some medicine? Yeah. We up with the wrist. You see it settling. Put him in. Best tense to be a never bit. I'm the chain on the bike. You do the pedaling, beat the charge racketeering and embezzlement. My name will never be appearing on the pages of a settlement. I made it through the Mae. So many stages. Now they say that I'm a veteran. Oh God, I'm just warming up. I put the key inside the ignition and got the engine started. 20 belows with the buffalo. The lenses You can see a light showed. I mean at the Ben parking fade, black scenery gets intense and Dark and she ain't come through gun shoot extended cartridge.


Used to sleep on the sofa in a friend's apartment. I freak with the eave. St. Loren depart. Yeah, blue 20 in the Louis men's depart. I don't care what's so and so said I'm him regardless. My plan is sharp lines flying over your head like Vincent Carter nigga Up in the sky nigga it's The game to low bro blowing that bitch like Nintendo Carter just playing with your life like you got limbs to bargain. Nigga how nigga I hate they comparing me to niggas. So tell me who Ella. My next tape I'm gonna end the argument with niggas that fucking rap list the artists. That's fucking ka. Mr. Marcus probably just got more resources. Walk in that garage. Three Porsche, Michelin, three star, three courses.


Drum work. Big dogs. We bosses catch a body with a sket, we toss it. They're realizing I'm a threat. We cautious. Look still regardless bro. That's Diego, Maradona, Alchemist rapping with Cowboy, big Ish. Let's get Ash. Oh man I'm going to Vanilla is Black and this song is called Baby Boy.


Mm mm Do we You get yourself in to something you can't crawl out.


Think about the time that went in before the fallout. All on some king. She was like a pet little doctor. So. I thought Malachi type of fit. I don't want no Oh Shit to speak louder than words. I'm on my grown shoe. Water every plant from every seed that I drop. But listen, I'm gonna he to my last blood stop. Now you going to have to play. Cool. I know you want to play fool, but that first thought to get you in that first box. Now you want a shirt flatlined dirt socks from a little crowded little slide We. know your mama fine. You gotta calm down while you be so heated. My patience running thin. I can't tell if you mean it better. Leave your step daddy alone. Be happy somebody home.


That's Vanilla is Black and black Baby Boy. That's fire I've never heard of. Vanilla is Black before but I like it. Same. All right you Got it Pers I sure do. Woo. I hate Instagram. Yeah, Sorry, sorry. Song is called Welcome to the Stage. It's Wale and it's is that sampled Prob don Don't know I don. It was one of my favorite songs by Tamon Paul. It's called the Mom. Their song is called The Moment. And I really like this song. My nigga.


my nigga. One of the dopest niggas ever do Y niggas ing. Now you going through it? I'm having most very, very focused story by it. Hold up. Look what I've influenced. You got some dog in you. Y the only part of Miss Lion in me. Y niggas lying. Lion. Lion welling. Ironic. Your labor love a liability though. Ain't nobody scam me though. Niggas quite embarrassing though. How about them? I got him in tears for cotherapy though. I got money but no therapy though. Go some bitches. I ain't bearing myself honestly. I may continue with a struggle but all I need to see a honey and smoke, I'm back in my fucking zone.


Gotta in with women at B mbo. I fall back and I see who been getting cold circle back when they finally see who the stove. I be traveling out and be all the way really all of my eyes to see it safe and what all of my heart I'm here about. But I'm going up to sha and evil and I finally just got me this situation and yah, you finally see who the greatest swear to got you probably knew who the fakes. Ain't no company you rappers got too complacent. And I don't know Anna May, but I'm super saying what the love gotta do with a sew cake. And as far as his bag man had a bag when it come on my bag, I shit knew Bo Sega. That's how big as his bag y Niggas basic. Fuck your O Ran swag. What you be saying? I got reasons to brag. No I be chilling. All these nigga be crashing. Don't be here. That's another story for another day.


Niggas cutting they locks on they car day. I'll be feeling like Ja, I swear for YI swear on me for horseplay. Shout out. Shout out Streets Ray Blade instead of Max Boy I'm going skate. Where is TikTok? This is Score. This is Cinema outta corn getting bla Welcome to the Stage. Alright, Ja play what they gonna say As Wale Welcome to the Stage? Is that what he's calling it? Who played that? The stage? Big mail. Of Course she paid, played detaining Polish. you know nothing else. I love Tam Paula. She don't know nothing else outside of same Impala.


Oh the same fucking Impala every time. But I love that Wale record. Yo Instagram. If you're gonna put music, if this is gonna be a thing, put like a play and a pause button, like a regular music listening platform. That shit is annoying. And pay us And that too. Well they're apparently I No they paying. They're paying somebody. It's someone's getting paid. They Paying, they paying. Universal True Pay everyone. But please put a play in a pause. Hey, That fixes thing. See the niggas a part of the problem. Get outta here. I do love that record. I do too. Yeah, you don't have to have a talk about Wale's longevity in a second. Longevity as in how he's looking in the later lapse versus some of the people that started out real strong.


Yeah, dope. Big e He ain't got no Slots man. Ain't nobody paid this week. Got that num song is called Somebody Paid song is called Wasted by Gabby by Imani. Song is called Wasted by wait, we not playing no Amani Sleep. I don't even wanna hear This shit. Yo. I October I don Yo. October 5th. Yo. The Min album. The Min album. The record is called Wasted by Gabby. Zeke, Hey Put some gunshots over this nice young lady song.


Welcome in a po Don Don't Like don Don't like.


That's Gabby. Zeke song is called Wasted. What's the theme? Music from When? you keep trying to get some pussy in camp. Can't get it done. That's the song that just playing. Yeah, I'm just waiting here. Time is going by fast. That's crazy. Just can't get it. So one of my favorite things that happens on Instagram is when female friends fucking have a fallout and one of them leaks something from a text thread. Oh man, I know that's my favorite thing in the world. What time when girl friendships fall out? You wanted to get some I right shit.


And one of the dishes stick ESP for at the end. I waited. I waited and they say I'm a narcissist. Huh? Respect. Maybe a pharmacist. I waited a while. A pharmacist. I waited till an hour. 3, 4, 5, whatever we had. But these two young ladies fell out. One of them went to Instagram and exposed the other one. Mm mm And in the expose Johnny Blaze. Well it wasn't Johnny Bla. I feel bad for Johnny Blaze who's in New York right now. Was supposed to come up here, but when it got too messy I cra some distance. I don't want people coming up here when it's that hot in the thick of that because then it looks like I had you had you up here to do something.


Something that I don't give a fuck about. I do feel bad for Johnny 'cause I know her and Drake had some short of relationship at some point. Johnny has a history of mess. So I. Totally understand Drake or anybody else being, being hesitant, skeptical, nervous or fearful to get close to you again. But that wasn't the takeaway for hip hop from this exchange. The takeaway was Drake saying, Hey, I'm in a slave deal to Live Nation right now. So. I ain't got time now. A lot of That is game.


A lot of what he had to say. Chef's kiss to him hats off. Nice way to do it. What a great way to play the reverse card when a girl that you're not trying to see at all is trying to see you and you're trying to let her down politely. That was my first takeaway. He is the man for that. Second of all, that's also why I'm not paying none of the macho Drake talk. Any mind like When, you speak to me, you gotta use your Johnny Blaze voice. That same voice you had of this voice. This voice right here. Look the voice notes too. Ooh. Watching you text me and then like knowing that I'm seeing it sometimes. Not all the time, I mean, but sometimes I'm seeing it and I'm like, damn. I don't know what to say to her like, 'cause I just don't know where to start again.


Really The greatest one situation. He's the man. It is Great. Like I really don't, I don't You can start with you. I I don't, I I wouldn't be able to like, I wouldn't be honest, I wouldn't be being honest with you if I didn't say that. Like, oh, if I told you yo, let's go for dinner or I'm at post. No Biden, I'm God that I wouldn't be nervous. I just, I'm just nervous and I I'm not saying it to make you feel bad, it's just kind of a result of, of your actions, you know, in the, in the past, no matter how long ago it was, it just makes me nervous. I just don't know what what, what's gonna happen to me as a result of like getting close to you again.


So yeah. I hope You can take this as like me wanting, this is something I just want, I just want to be kind enough to tell you like if you just kind of want, if you want to take that moment that we had and just be like, oh I brought peace and resolution to a situation that was bothering me. I have no ill feelings towards Dre. Let's go that nigga Smoke. I'm afraid. Hey, I'm afraid. What you afraid of?


Drake? Smoke salute Drake. Salute smoked it hats off to you my brother. Yeah. And you still gonna double back and and hit Oh that leaves it open for that. Yeah. You still going? That leaves it open. That that leave. That leave the frigid dead right Crack? Yeah. Fridged dead on my phone. But I just want remind y'all of When. I said this, I do not trust that big headline that went out about 400, 500 million a year. I'm gonna go back to a point that I keep saying how he toured and this is without me having any information. So please I ain't speak nobody I don No shit. How he tours is funny to me. You said what? Do you know how I've been saying Oh? Shit And every time I say it nobody pays me any money. One of them But. yeah. That's funny. And it's weird.


It is wrong. In what regard? Nobody's at his level towards that much. It don't matter what the rest said. I said that and boy you nigga is kicked my back in. What the hell would he know about Matrix? Yeah, I one single fuck got. Oh people get tore. What if he likes to tour? What if he sells out show and he goes He could Be feeding her bullshit. This ain't about her. I don't care about her. We hats off to him for that already. Only talking about the Slave de Live Nation part. Yeah. And S seven more shows. I gotta do that. That amount of shows is crazy for somebody of at that level. So. I patiently await.


You guys' apology to me. I will be raw. Refreshing. I will be refreshing. Wait Right there. I'm gonna wait. Yeah that ain't, that ain't happening. Somebody's gonna apologize to me. Not One A single. Literally not one. Not One. Not a one, right? Single. Not at all. Not a one. None. That would matter Not happening Big dog. Not even like a backhanded Apology. Not even like the girlfriend apology like But do you at least understand where I was coming from or that Nah, no. Do you, at least I get what you're saying. But do you know But but how I felt Do you at least get But my feelings, I felt have you took the time to consider what I think that man you is that you never just take a chance to see where I'm coming from.


Put this you on the other. Oh man, Good time. I don't Know. It is always, it's done, don't Worry. Good time. Yeah, I ain't got a tense up. We ain't got nothing else to say. This broadcast. I understand and see things understand where it's coming from. Look, I tried it. Where you was coming from is a sack of shit. Right. That's why you're scooting your ass up in this bed now. you know that was bullshit. So y'all offer pussy up. come on Scoot And I'll take it. Taking it too. You take take it too. We gonna take it. I'm gonna take it too. It is a treat. Yeah and talk to you during like bitch I told you I was right.


Right. Oh let's see. Told you stop playing. See Johnny Blaze. He was trying to double back get some of that Aery lying longer. Now you gotta get to the back of the line. This ain't oh seven. It's fucked Up. Y'all motherfucking girls that target these superstars don't try to double back. Oh, Shit. He on a 30 year run. Let me see What foresight. Slow down, slow down Little, little Missy. Oh man, that's funny. That is hilarious. Oh yeah. Just for the 40, 50-year-old freaks we was fucking This shit with no words.


Look at Mel. Mel Don't look at me men. Men. What that nigga was doing before he got married to you when this came on. Everything right. It's October one, you get the, me and my girl ain't got no period. Me and my girls ain't got no period, them no bars. We ain't got no period. You can fuck on. Ain't got no periods man. October one got no period yet.


You going to she this we ain't got no that's period Got Yo he must in your prayer. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do farewell Adio, sirva deci, OTA arvo so long. Goodbye. If you're just tuning in Life, Life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. Hopefully we can come back and do a pod on Friday without giving a rest in peace, without giving a rest in peace or Learning intimate details about someone that we admires.


Yeah. Demise. Yeah. Yeah. No it's true. But I got the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter and a little too more before things. I Got it getting worse before it gets better. Yeah. I Got it getting worse before it gets better. That's, that's my not so bold prediction until the next time life is 30. Oh. Lastly, Melyssa is not slim thick. I don't give a fuck what Ice is talking about. She's not How I get in that. I feel like the consensus of the room is that I'm slim thick. So what is he? Well petite Or I know. So yeah, Mel just Looks good. That's, that's her waist. I'll take it Slim thick. She's one or the other. Just put that on. I give, I'll give a slim thick, slim thick let me land.


Just stop. Just stop in This moment. Sister was right there there though. It's, and I'll give her yo what you give? You said That Nigga Brain said oh my God while of don't send no flowers up here again. I know that was you nigga. That was Wallo. It Wasn't Wallo. It wasn't Wallo Ell. No It wasn't Ell. No it was not Simba Again. No. Oh my other man. I won't say he ain't do that. He ain't on you no more. He ain't on you no more. He's terrible. You lost that. See that's, that's what I'm saying. You get him early. Don't try to come back later on.


Yo. Hopefully you enjoyed this broadcast as much as we enjoyed delivering it to you again. Shout out to our brother in Pod Queen's Flip. You're here, here with Us in spirit. He's somewhere being a terror to somebody else for two whole weeks. Free surf. Free to wave, free to wave. Always. And we gone man niggas what's fucking this That's crazy. Huh? With some Kenny G up next. Hey That bullshit one too. Yeah. Yeah. you know the don't Do that. No it was biased. Don't do that. That was no it's not bullshit. Bullshit. Who will trade for Kenny G?


Oh we did that already. Who We trading for? Kenny G. Who you tried to give him The other day? Muggsy Bogues. Oh nah. Muggsy was a five three point guard that made it to the NBA. I don't know if I wanna trade him Talent. Kenny g don don't know. You might could get nice and smooth. Nah, that's hiphop Junkies. Nah, come on. That's Hiphop Junkies. I'm Gillespie played the Sex. Yeah. No that's Hiphop Junkies. That's Wick. That's sometimes I rhyme Slow Got Kenny G really got this one song that I need and I could really do without it. I know that one. I don't even want Kenny G, I'm cool. Nah, they can keep Kenny.


I need Michael Bolton Is the one. Michael Don, Michael Bolton. Michael McDonald. Michael Mc. Gimme one of those. Yeah. Jackson Michael McDonald's. Huh? Oh Shit. Yo. They the family is suffering Right. That's right. come on, stop. Condolences Family now. She cleared it up. She said she wasn't Allowed to authorize It. They eating mac and cheese. I called my family. I ain't tell 'em about how that mac and cheese tasted at all. Cousin Earl's Repas. Oh wasn't it? They bought it. Oh It was store brought, Store bought neck. I knew it. Yo, I knew it.


Nah, I knew it. Rep pass. I knew it. Yo. No they bought it. You can't do that. You can't Do which one? The craft joint. Nah, don't say that. They, they sell 'em in like Walmart and all that shit. The pan that you My fa my family get a pass. Don't talk about my family. My family get a pass. The recipe's. Granddaddy Aunt Katherine is the one that's going to do all the cooking for any family member that die. And it just so happened to be her child that died. Oh yeah, You didn't cook so they was taking the weight off of Aunt Catherine. What? I thought that meant cousin Brenda was cooking and it didn't. I taste that Mac and cheese and knew it wasn't no button in that mix Fucked Up. I tasted that shit. Damn. So you gotta go around to your family members that's not crying.


Like the one just kind of, I said, I said Orlando Crazy cussing. I was Like Who made This? Talking about It is from the store. I almost flipped Out. I'm telling Family Secrets. I want to hear about what's served at y'all Repas and at your daughter party. Nigga. I ain't know. Ain't done what you So I was saying. What you Yeah I want see what? See how that cake was looking? No we, I bought, I mean we had the food trucks food truck, urban Burger. This nigga is Rich. Rich. Yeah. Word Food trucks at your door. You did that shit. The Daughter turned too. Nigga Said trucks. Multiple trucks. I was one. Oh it called was the truck there?


That's what the time they Do shit like that at party. Not for the kid, For adults. That's there. Urban Burger's. The white, it's the black owned shit. Food truck. I never heard of that shit. That's, that's why had a Kid Now you the man No cake or Cupcakes. You paid for that. Oh boy. Both Cup Oh. Shit Cupcakes and Cake. That's the only right answer. It's a trick question. You Got monies. That nigga went upstairs, pulled a checkbook out this announcement with a checkbooks done. Alright man. Alright. Who am I making out To? Oh damn, We Got right voice I gotta right voice. Y'all hold it down out there man.


We will be back same time, same place. But turn This nigga on That The whole, this is, this is a start rubbing and you That friction? Yeah. Lemme let my guy get his bag right quick. Huh? There we go. And then I'm ending this. We going man we got shit to do. I'm about to get an IV drip and prove to y'all that they not freaky. Oh. When a man loves a woman, White people be having to project more jealous.


That's they version of body and they shit. He nigga is So stupid. Y'all Mad. Does Michael Bone straight This shit sound like the mac and cheese man. Yeah. Or Michael Bone straight? Yeah. You think so? Hell, you said that fast mama. I mean in Hollywood. Yeah, he's straight. Them white boys with long hair with that old eighties money. Look at you sucker. This though. Oh Shit. Quincy lost you. Load you to Michael Mo.


Would you play the fucking song? Get us Outta here. Qui. He picked up that rotary phone. Nah my Michael you Got it. See this one J better. Hurry that Cisco torch coming up. She still won't, she still won't tell us what you doing Tour. I'll not pink. You gotta be some footage Around. But RB Pink was on that tour. Oh We know. Oh God. R people R and RB Pink. Pink. Oh What that fucking song.


So you better get the party started. I was, I was pink way before that. I. don know. No that's not. There You go. That's not pink. There you go. Look Piti. Yo. They never been to Hugh Hef I Don. They never, that's okay. The Denny pool parties never been to Pops. Neither Henny Palooza. Yes. Anything. These novices. Right. This is so tough. Alright. No, they gonna fuck me up. Get fuck Idiot. Y'all are nuts.