
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Good. Yeah, that's crazy. Park's got the long sleeve under the short sleeve. Two Black short sleeve under the long sleeve. The short sleeve. Oh yeah. Short sleeve on top. Killer Though. Ooh.


Well it's the Weather's fucking me up. I don't know which one, one to pick. Is it short Sleeves weather? That's a Parks blazer. Two black shirts on. Oh Yeah, man, that's crazy. That's some wild shit right there. How y doing today man? What's goodexcellent? Good, man. The weather Starting, the weather's starting to turn. It is. We're feeling it. Yeah, we almost, almost 60 degrees. Are you, are you, well you came from LA where it was hot. Are you feeling The weather? I was not in, I was not in la I was in Atlanta and it was not hot at all. Oh, okay. It was like forties. It was freezing. Yeah. Okay. 60 degree day. You had a driver or you just Ubering it? What you was doing? I had a car. You shooting something out there.


I'm feeling that the back street. This nigga stop. I Promise you don't Start. You got a lot of shit. I promise you already. You gotta, she said I Get Mark. She was driving. Mark. She wasn't doing Shit. She was working. She was, I've a new, new film. Something like that. Something like that. Something like that. She Got, I've been interviewing people long enough to know, to stop asking questions right now. Why your fucking business? For your fucking business? I hope it goes well. I hope it went well. Thank you. You just, yeah, just get it off. No, no, and no.


I am at peace and I'm here for a good time. Yes. Not a long time. Shout to me, y'all are not going to trick me into y'all's traps. Y'all got laid Well man. We're happy that you're back. Thank you. I'm glad we back Presence. Thank you. We missed you. Your presence is felt. We did not have a blast. Not At, y'all did Just got Yes. Y'all did. We was. I saw the racial wound, trade convo. Racial. I don think, think there any racial, keep talking about racial trade. Why you talking about racial trade? Like we Nobody traded you. She keep saying no. I think she was traded. I was fucking, I was super Fucking, I think she was on the block. I was, I was on the block for Prime Rory. But why she saying no, that Don't count.


It doesn't count. Why she saying racial though? Like we, I'm being funny. We ain't trade you because the racial, the the racial draft was in Ja. Dave Chappelle. We ain't trade you For. Yeah, we ain't trade you for a girl. Thank you. See, Thank you. I Hey listen small fucking victories. I'll take 'em. See? Come on. I'll take them. Thank you. I Appreciate that. We did not have the most fun that we've had in years. Yeah. Up here with just the guys. That's not true. Nah, I never How could we Didn't have, if you heard that, It is inaccurate. I know that. It's not true. Listen all. Come on. Listen. Martin Nel Melly, come on now. I ain't gonna lie. I could, you know, I started stuttering a lot more. I got flustered without you being here to just snap me out of it. So I miss you man. It's good to see you. I miss you guys too. Good to have you back. I'm glad You be back.


These niggas did not seem more loose and free to me. That's it. Not at all. They Didn't, it was the same. These niggas Didn't have fresh haircuts and shit. Yeah. These nigga nobody talked behind your back. No. Like we was Chilling. Like we was Chilling. We did our, we did it. Yeah, you did it. You did it. Okay. Don't watch our draft while you're gone either. I, I couldn't help it. It was going viral. It was everywhere Joe. It was trading mail. It was going fucking news That went viral. Yes. Yeah. It was all over. It is. Don't start today Like in the past didn't stuff. Yeah. That shit was all over the place. Yeah. Know what you're talking about. I appreciate it. I don Beef just don't start today yo. I don I never want those. You Got too many mans to not know what's about. But you appreciated Marcus s that no one put you to was willing to trade You right.


You were on the block buddy. You motherfucker. I watched the whole thing. No, I appreciate it was at the end, Joe says on a very nice, he said, in real life I would not trade anybody that's in this room. Of course coming from the nigga who wasn't up for portrayed this very moment. He said at this very moment on these couches. And I Wasn't trying to be funny. That's one of them Internet Kendrick de debunk moves. I wasn't trying to be funny. It just came out like that. Yeah. No, no, but I know but I just wanna say I, I like that button at the end where everybody felt like It is just a nice Exercise. Yeah. That's, it ain't no trade. Nobody ain't the best crew in the world. Okay. Good stuff. Good stuff Indeed. Corey. You see why you gotta believe the bar to the I don't play.


I'm playing Playing. I'm playing. Well the bartenders get the drop on you bartender. Yeah, the nigga just left just now. Yo. He walked out. Yo. Tell Ray random. He at the door. He at the waiting for, he waiting. He waiting for, he standing outside. He is waiting for the drama. Yeah. The fucking bartenders. I Tell you, you trying to jam me up. You tried to jam me up. I what? Get your shit off. Go ahead. I can't say nothing. I'm not trying to jam you up. I don't Wanna play. I can't say nothing. I don't wanna play with you. 'cause you know why I'm not a negativity highlight. Ooh. So I don't wanna play with you. I wanna say I'm happy that you, you made it home safe. I'd be down to play too. That shit wasn't true as hell.


Nigga. I was two steps outta there. Got outta there kind of fast. I was like, oh shit. He got lie. Oh My God. Yo. No. Leave me alone today. I am not doing it. I'm not doing it Because I want you to get your shakes. You're not gonna be there with me. You're not gonna be there with me. I'll, no you're not. Now what happens when I'm there is two different things. I'll be there. Yo, yo and yo fifth. Come on. You gonna do that shit. You always do. Get a couple licks in on me. Shit. You don't do that shit. You always do. Push me, knock me to the ground. I ain't playing with. But if I knock you to the ground, I'm, I'm preparing you from getting junk.


Oh my Lord. Thank you. Because some niggas may not hit me 'cause they know me. I flip, flip, get out the way. That's exactly how I got hit. Any time I ever got hit. Nah, he ain't gonna hit me. Yeah. Oh shit. Thank god. Mermaid was just weak that night. I was just in and out on the, on the humbug. I ain't even know nigga was on the way. You gotta move fast to catch me though. I ain't go. That was my third fourth stop for the night. And I'm 44. I ain't just gonna be outside at three in the morning, four in the morning time going on. Thank God. Oh shit. Jesus. It's the line. Shut up Joe, bud.


That's it. So that's what I'm gonna do today. I'm, I'm shedding up. I might talk to the rest of you niggas. Hold up. Hold up for real. There's a few of these niggas out. Y'all wanna know if they could fight. I was in the comments. I saw that too though. Hey, you could believe this. You think what's my man name? You think he can fight? No, because I don't, I don't, I don't know. I don't, I don't really fuck with him. Yeah. I'm gonna learn him. I'm gonna learn him. Is he in the community? No. Mind your business. Oh. Oh mind your business. Sorry. Well you wanna go hang out with him? Have tea and crumpets like you do with people in the community? No. Oh, okay. You wanna hire him for your show like you do with people? No. Oh, why not?


Yes. You gotta turn me over. Mic Check. One, 2, 1 2. Man. Mic check. Mic Check. One two. Greatest podcast in the universe. Turn me up Chris. So happy to be here. God is good. So grateful to have breath in my lungs. He woke me up this morning, man. So Many motherfucking honeys. You gotta make it part too. Been dead forever. Grateful. Prayer for those inside the room and outside the room. Here go. I'm not in with my homies and I made hottest. How? Shout. Listening all over the world. You heard We on All the boys and dope girls out there.


Scam, scam out. Put and I'm at died on this. Just love his viewing. And I told his mom every time that she probably gonna slide on knew Your Did the eye. I ain't surprised you ain't ride force Feeling good. Feel you Familiar with some niggas and they side on how would, How would you feel When you so lit that you can't tell the love real? Can't even tell no more. Man, if I can't tell You nothing I tell you. I thought feel and you ain't wish pay my drug bill. New York City. What's popping Push nigga? This expensive paint Pull expensive rank nigga. Expensive chain. He got drug money. That's expensive. I, I know I'm getting old.


I like to just take a ride and let the music blast now. I don't even need a destination. I won't. I'll go somewhere and make a U-turn nigga. You gotta move fast. You gotta move fast. I my y'all tour Rich Mel with young nigga trying to tell him how this rich shit really feel. You ain't never been in field with them late night songs. Meek. I got experts here. Man. We gonna solve that tax problem immediately right from the rip we getting into it. I'm up The niggas riding. I was rich nigga on the mission. I was motivated. I was watching Moochie. I was nigga in the kitchen. I was chasing me when they saw that cutting outside All of my money just New. All of my money is blue rid of me. This I was supposed to go get them money and keep doing favors and get all my money to who?


You keep telling me niggas keep telling you what? Why they be running to you? Why ain't telling nigga talk about me in this bank? They keep coming to you. I never got that. I never got that part. Never Understood it. Nigga know you my man, but every time you wanna talk bad about me, he come to you or you come to Me like a whole Slap the shit out. Fuck, fuck, Boy. Excellence Mike. Check Mike. Check Mike. Check B in the world, big boys want to smoke with through the whole city.


Niggas it down. But they nigga getting hot out guard, guard down. Big mouth casket, self made. Took over the kilo after Kilo. Who the most two Play the wrong approach. Yo, this shit was slept on. This project was slept on. I ain't gonna lie. What's this song about? This is the me Ross project Came in and told Y'all, nah, this project was definitely slept on. Bitch Boys running social media bitch nigga. Wikipedia. Once you want to fuck me, call the real niggas. Let's get rich tonight.


Let's, Let's, let's Pandemic In. Mic check. Mic check, mic check. Microphone Check. One, two, one, two, one, two, one, two. Out the way really quickly so we can get right to the procedures this evening or this afternoon.


What's Up Flip And Mel and Mark. Mark. Mark. What episode is this? 8 0 3. Welcome to episode 8 0 3 of the Joe Button podcast.


Brought to you by Fuel, by powered by PrizePicks prize fits game.


I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, highly favored. Happy to be here. Host Joe Button here with a few really amazing people. To my right. Big M four Melyssa Ford Legend in the building. Who? To her right? Big QueenzFlip Queens. Get the money to his right Ish. Huh? Y'all know the vibe. King Wawa in the building. You got his 10 year anniversary outfit on just with the jeans now. Alright. To his right. King Elizabeth Dree is of mall. I is here. Yep. Dr. Mark Lamont Hill is in the building. El Myra's finest Parks is in the building, right? Paul is here. Course here. Amani is here. Ericson is here. T and Avon are here by remote. Last but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys are here.


Shout the first and last time listeners. How's everybody doing? How y'all feeling? What's popping though? What's popping? Feeling great. I'm Feeling good man. Feeling good. Feeling excellent. This weather got me feeling Like, like energy. Right? You bringing sexy back? No, let's go. Let's go. Weather. Got him Feeling good. He came in his West coast attire. This nigga freeze. Freeze. You good? You all Reese? I'm good. Yeah. Get the mic right. That's right. Stop. Fix the mic, right? We in this bitch. All right, let's get right to it 'cause y'all ain't doing nothing special this week. Or if somebody did something special this week that I can exploit for entertainment purposes, tell me now. Let's get out the way now. If not, we can get right to it. Let's To, I'm following the ice glow up package. I got Invisalign.


Okay, let's go. That's, that's the exciting part. Weekend We got some Invisalign. You know what I mean? Let's Go, let's Go. What was the thinking behind that? Your teeth looked good to Me. Thank you. But you know, get better when you get more money. You wanna do more things. Yeah, that's it. More. You just want to continuously get better for yourself as a human. Be your best. Richard. You look good Richard. Thank you Richard Gear. You. Thank you. You gonna be in GQ song? Yeah. Who Parks? How long you gotta weigh that shit? I don't know. I think a year. A year? Yeah. You don't sound as dumb as Ice did when he had that shit. I, I ain't Told he got maybe later A complete fucking mess with that Invisalign. It's gonna happen to him later on. It was just Towards the end when They get tighter.


Nah, I, nah, It's when they put the guards in there so you can't fully Mm. Okay. When they put the into I had Invisalign. You did? Really? Yeah. A long time ago. Fuck, it wasn't even out that long ago. Okay. 20 years ago. You like the first Wasn't the first. I was Canada first probably. Oh, for real? Yeah. I have been here for 24 years. That's true. Okay, so Now you saying that. Huh? You know, Payment now you was in America. Let's, Let's, Let's be clear. It is green. Call Tom. Nigga. Let's be clear. I've always been clear. I'm Canadian with a green card, which is why dope. I couldn't vote. And I've been in this country for 24 years. Let's just there. That's how they deported Simon.


Oh we don't, we they They got Simon. Yeah I saw that. Who's Simon? They got him. Who? Simon is Porsche. Porsche. Porsches. Porsches X? Yeah. Who? Ex-husband Porsche. Real Housewives of Atlanta. Oh. Oh Yeah. They got Simon. He had the visa, the green card. They knocked Brian's door. Yep. Come, come, come on let's go. Enough Grace by algorithms? No I think it's Visa was expired or something like that. They tighten, tighten up on that shit. They are. You have a visa and a green card? No, I have a green card. Oh, you don't get, I don't know. I'm asking. No you Visa first and then Green Card. You have a 10 year green card. Oh, gotcha, gotcha, Gotcha. Yeah, they last 10 years and then you reapply. Okay. So Did you Reapply yet? I'm on my second one. Oh you reapply.


Reapply. You don't get citizenship soon though. Right? You Know, I thought about it but every time I think about going for citizenship, Trump is in office and then the immigration department goes to shit and your application just gets put under a pile and I just say fuck it, whatever. Got you. I still pay the same taxes. It is no big deal. You Can't, when did this new shit, when does it expire? Why You gonna call fucking ice on me? No, I Would never Right there. I would never. Can you imagine that they come up here and take mail. We keep, are we allowed to keep the footage and and put it out there to the public? Yeah, sure. Go ahead. Niggas. And they came in here and locked mail up ice.


Shit. I, That's the two for one because you know Armani gonna snuffle him. Amani gotta snuff the ice. Dude if you take me off. Not and he better fall. He better fall down too. MTA first month of congestive pricing made over $48 million Extra. What? Damn. Is that extra money or It Is that extras The money from just the money that they made. Congested pricing in month one. 48 point something million dollars. Jesus. To that. What does everybody say here? I get home a lot easier. That's all I care about. It worked. But you, so you do want it to continue? Yeah. The program. Yeah. Oh you said that shit. Yeah, I feel great. It works out for everybody. MTAI like public who every, Who every, it doesn't work out for every don't For everybody.


Everybody say everybody in this room. Well no I don't drive to new Don't do that. Should been with you. I've been working here too long. Yeah, man. Rubbing off on No mark is That? Oh no, he, he's there. He Don't bullshit. No, mark one of them He matches Rolex with his wedding band. I said Oh okay. I don't like mixing metals. Wait what? I don't like mixing medals. I don't like mixing metals. I pick my watch by my wedding band. Yeah. I didn't say I pick my watch full wedding hits. Yeah, I, yeah. Wow. Know what watch I wear for the day. That's, I don wanna have a show on with a, that's shit Platinum wedding band. Well see. No it's only because your Rolex Parks has both medals on it.


I that So you, that's how you do it, right? It goes with everything. That's your bag right there. That's a flash. It is, It is fine. That's, that's a stunt I'm on Joe. You gonna do the same shit. I'm on that bro. I ain't gonna lie am I? You are going to have like seven wedding bands but you don't have that many watches. Oh shit. Shit. Wow. Wow. That stop your watch game up nigga. Come on Down, down. Fuck out here nigga. That's, you can't put that watch and change the band nigga. We saw that wasn't even trying to say it like that dog. There ain't nobody jokes. Yo, you an idiot.


Yo you idiot. This I wasn't saying that. I just talk to Mark. No, I'm telling you that you, that's not really your bag. So you got one watch that you primarily wear all the time. My nigga that watch, that watch calls more than all our watches in here damn near put together. I'm sure it does. So I can't say nothing about your watch. I'm just saying your watch watches watch get that nigga son.


Wow. Play my man outfit nigga. One watch you got singular. That was five minutes from that. One more. One More Dance than you that niggas think One More Dance. You in the GShock right now. One More Dance. Oh shit. That was stupid. How many, how many wasn't? I'm not doing this with y'all day. How many wasn't bed you got? I only have three. I do have three. What? And and one is very, one is like cheap. It is, It is like a, it's the black rubber joint. I used to like play sports and I wear it with a, I also wear it with a Apple watch but I, but I do a golden a t it.


Why catch a straighter Apple watch is the cheap shit though. No, no it's just, It is black. You just said It is just, It is. I wear that with Apple. It matches my Apple watch because of the color. It is only 'cause of the color. You, I went to Apple and tried on an Apple watch as I as I was waiting for like the new iPhone or something and it just didn't look right on me. I love my Apple watch. I love my shit. You just gotta get, I know I'm not talking about the quality of it and I'm just talking what's going on up here today? You you got a rash. He's like, this shit off me. These poor time pieces shit off my skin won't take titanium. That was not what I was saying. The Bos do this, it didn't look right on my wrist. So Didn didn't get it. And we play. It ain't the cheapest thing in the world either.


It no It is not. It ain't especially the nice and nigga be having a different band. I added the big band, the extra large band. It came like 1100 or something. Yeah. Yeah. This one was like 800 almost. Jesus. Yeah. I just got the, the extra, the transformer pieces and all that shit. I, I get shit made from, you know. Did did you have to purchase all your wedding bands or Did your wife do that? Great question. I was gonna ask that because I've never been married. But to my understanding, did you try to shoot your wife some be you can't pass your wife, get you the wedding. I purchased my own. I'll help you. You go for it. I purchased my own. What I was gonna say is she technically bought it but when she swipes that card, the bill still comes to me. God. So that's why I was trying to figure out a way to say that. Be respectful nigga.


We It is hour one in the podcast. She has her own car. Oh yeah, she has act of purchasing was done by her physically. Yes. She swiped, she picked them out. That's they bags. But we, we, we shop for bands together. Like I, I said what I wanted because you said your girl had your card as well and she swiped for the trips. You were saying the same thing. He's saying my wife got her own one. Her old actual card also if you give your girl your card. She didn't, you didn't give her her own one on your line. My girl has her own everything. My brother Okay. All, I don't want no problems. Link to what account? Oh oh one. Only one of her cars is under me. Nice. That's the one she bought the trips with. Right Amex one of her amexes under me.


But yeah, I don yo move along please. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Move along please. Sometimes You gotta Silence. Start catching flashes. Let's move, let's get out. Let's get outta sales. We good. My girl sent me what she needs next month that she got. She on punishment now. Shit, I don't even know what a punishment look like. But you gotta go sit down. Yo. Hold up real quick. Starting to ration you play. You played the record Shit. Was he People tagged? A nigga he was following me hit me up in 2017 about a video. I said what? Oh seriously. I swear to God. Wait you found the, you found the dude. The girl tagged him.


His record, they tagged his page. I looked in it and I'm like what the fuck is going on? I said let me, let me get out of this. So nigga I was in 2017 I was hot with the videos nigga I was making like five each one. Nigga. What videos? Skits to due to the records like property, the shit I was doing. Oh yeah. Okay. So that's why like what's up? How much was a skit and shit like that. But whoever they tagged. Yeah. Oh we got more. Hey hold up man. I don hate. I ain't no hate to get your shit off.


Lemme see. Lemme See That You cut it off nigga. That shit was, that shit was kind of going. Wait, hold on. Holy shit. Alright.


Hi nigga News Joe Biden sure ain't bad. Not bad. Shit ain't bad. Alright come on. Let's get right to it man. Let's get right to the proceedings this afternoon. Yes sir. Where do y'all, where do y'all want to begin? Do y'all want, I want to iso on it. Your mark so we can help Meek with his tax problem. Ah, our resident CPAs Word It down. It's financial expert. I'm just from Philly. Meek Mill said well and you from Philly. Meek Mill said in 2013 he made $2 million and somehow he owes more than that. 2.8.


2.80 I on that year. I understand because that Break it down for the audience. Big issue. You had 12 years of penalties and interest coming from the IR s. That shit is a different level. I remember one year I had to pay them niggas back I think, I think I owed them like five. I end up paying 'em like 21 grand. Some shit like that. It was something that was ridiculous 'cause I ain't paying 'em for like four or five years. Yeah. I had a similar situation. That shit is, It is different. I went through that too. That penalties and interest be different. I owed them like half a million and it wasn't on, it was on like a hundred thousand dollars week one 20 tops. And, but I, I took like a long time to pay 'cause I was, I got bad tax advice. They kept saying wait don't pay. We're gonna fight this, we're gonna fight. You can't fight if you owe them six digits you can't fight the I s like all 'em commercials about discounts and shit.


That's For we got all the wrong info. That true. We go looking for receipts. Right. Let me get all your sneakers my nigga. Yeah. Yeah. Some bullshit Though. None of that shit matter man. But I could see now how it again, that shit was 12 years ago dog. Yeah it probably was. He probably owed like 400 hundred. He might've owed him 500 grand. Yeah, let's just say a $2 million tax bracket. You might've owed him $700,000 if you made two mil and you ain't paying him now you add on 12 years. My nigga of compounded interest penalties, fees. It could be two Point. It shouldn't be, it shouldn't be 700 grand if you make 2 million It might be a little more depending on what your write offs and shit are. It could vary depending on what you're write off. And if it's from back then he, he didn't have the good support and advice to do a lot of, you know, philanthropic work to write a lot.


I don't think his business structure was as tight as It is now based on what he said. So he, he might owe a lot of, he might owe a lot of money. Well well what made the tweet funny Is that he tweeted it. Yeah, well not just that. Not just that because I Got the tweet up. IRS made me pay 2.8 mil from 2013 and I only made 2 million. How do I fight that? That's what made it funny. You asking Twitter how you fight this? That's my fa but that's my favorite thing. That's my, That's it be so smart motherfuckers on Twitter. I was gonna say he probably had like don't an influx That that's a big misconception. It is. It really don't. That's hilarious. What'd you say? Ah Mel. I Was just gonna say he probably had like an influx of tax attorneys and you know whatnot and CPAs trying to Yeah, yeah.


Trying to come to his rescue. Definitely In his inbox. It is the only thing. And I, and I love me. That's my brother. Shout out to Meek it. He's very close with Michael Rubin billionaire. He's very close to Robert Kraft billionaire close to Jay-Z billion. I feel like there's resources out there that could give him good tax advice outside. That's what makes it fun. He knows people more qualified than X to get his information. He knows them. Yeah. Any question he ever brings to X is Always funny comedy yo who know where I could buy a house, Who know where I can get a private jet? Yo. That's why I Love it. I Love it. Yeah, I mean It is funny. I ain't gonna laugh though 'cause I too have been in a tax situation and that shit ain't no joke.


It ain't no joke. And IR RSS people are ass asshole. The more money you owe the they take it personal. They resent. I remember going into the office and dude damn near s like I thought he was gonna have to fight like he was cussing me out like it was his money I owed him. You know what I mean? Because they resent you having it and they resent you owed him number with me too. Yeah. I'm like I know that some more people owe more money than this shit y'all on my ass about. Then you really know when you accountant is trash 'cause they can't even get IRS on the phone. Your accountant gonna sit there on hold for seven hours before he gets some information. That's just when I fired my accountant. He, It is just what he did. He sat on the phone for hours. He told me he put it on Threeway. He was like, you want, why don't you hold for a little but I gotta go to lunch. Oh That's a great question. How many accountants have you fired before you got your tax situation right.


Oh My god. Three, Two. It's probably about three or four of me. Yeah, with me too. Yeah, I didn And you don't know. Well let me speak for me. I can't speak for everybody else. I'm no expert in, in the field in this. But I didn't know that you can't even start getting your life together until you do it. Until you fix it. Oh yeah, Right. Nigga you can't do shit. Nothing. I was invited to the White House one time and they was like, you can't go if your taxes ain't paid up. Oh my God. No. Are you serious? Oh my mama. They was like, yeah, they said the particular some, some things you can get into like the the the negro barbecues and stuff they be having when Joe Biden had in October. I ain't go to that but like some of the fancier stuff and like formal stuff. Yeah. You can't go in there with a tax debt. I mean that makes sense though.


It it did, it does cross my mind. I mean so wait, hold on. So when it comes to like, you know the big dinners and shit like that, like they check I, I understand background checks but they check that far into your background. I don't know if they check check, but I know I was specifically told if you have a tax debt It's a dub. Yeah It is a dub. Mm That makes sense man. Fuck that. It's one of 'em things I want to argue but it makes sense. It's like when they took my child, when they took my passport for Owen child support, I as mad as I was. Eh, I understand. Yeah, that make a little bit of Sense. And now they take your passport with the taxes. Oh okay. Yeah I See that. And and that makes A little sense too. I I found that out in 2020. I, they told me to surrender it.


I didn't, I paid it since I'm legal but I just be clear. But I didn't and I still traveled. But technically you're supposed, they're supposed to take your passport and it makes complete sense because if you owe enough, it's enough to leave. And me talking about 2013 dog when they hit me, it was for 2006, 8, 9, 11, 12. That's my job. It Was like seven years that they was like, yo, something was wrong right here. I was like no that's when I had money. Y'all catching me dead broke Right now I'm trying to do layaway plans and all types of shit with them Dudes. Yeah. And they, they'd be like, fuck your layaway plan. They told me my layaway plan would be 40,000 a month. I said fact 40,000 a fucking month. I owe 'em half a million.


I was like, I could pay you. Yeah. If I, if I was could do that, I wouldn't have no problems. Yeah. Fuck y'all. We gotta hit that bankruptcy. That's When you gotta hit that when you got of tricks out hit that bankruptcy That shit shit for like seven years though. Alright. Hey trade. I'm willing to deal with if you don't have the money when them people come Them tax debts come back you them seven years. Don't wipe off your your federal tax debt though. Yeah, I was about to say, I don't know if it wipe off. They don't up tax debt. They don't them big student lose loans. Yeah. Yeah. You be fucked up. You Back up no student loan. That's y'all that fell for the fucking school tricks of America. Damn education. Idiots Of student loan. That was, that was y'all.


Are you crazy? Yeah, I'll do that. Seven years Meek. Good luck. Yeah. Yeah Man you got this man dog. 2013 he made 2 million. Ain't that was his debut. I was about to say that's when he was fishing. That's his first year. Damn. Life's been good to him. Nah, no When I'm a Boston house party and all that came out. That was like 11. That's all right. Yeah. Yeah it was like 2010, 11. Yeah it was like, but I'm just saying he was fish grease then though. He made it that year. Mm. 2 million in 2013 for him. Had to feel like 10. Yeah. 20 Now 2 million. He just wouldn't his account and paid it like two 2 million ain't shit to him.


Now Do y'all think, I know we might have covered this before, but the internet was tearing little mech up for allegedly running through $5 million in three years. I understand this. Did did, did he say he paid Meech the money or he gave like the family? The family the money. Yeah, like I gave them because I told you I didn understand Meech running through the money if it was him. It's a lot of money. I It is a lot of money but I could see it happening. Lot of lifestyle. Yes. Lot of lifestyle was funny. A lot of entourage, itprobably pictures of him in the new outfits and saying this is where the 5 million. Yeah. I And stuff, you know, I mean when you're young you can spend a lot of money relatively quickly. When I realize, I realized when you young or when you are a girl, Oh yeah, girls spend money like five mil, lot of money dog Really?


And three years ain't a long time. We talking about after taxes or like the 5 million, then you then half of it going. I Wasn't talking pre or post Nick just, Just running through that, That fuck a lot of people up. So five mil is two and a half and five Ain't really five. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's usually what fucks people up. No, two And a half is a lot to go through in three years. If You ain't got no financial education, you can run through that money. Facts an expensive lifestyle and you're trying to keep up with rappers and shit that like live that you can run through that money quick. And then the other piece of it, 'cause this is what fucks people up and I, they did a study this on NBA players. They think they're investing the money but they invested in really bad things. So like the biggest investment in the nineties 2000 was car washes. Every NBA player said, I'm a, I'm a invest in a car wash. Yeah. And so they would, if they got a million, they would spend three of it and then they would say, look, I'm gonna put two or three into this car wash and then that would go away.


They would lose the money, the investments would fail. So it's not always that they spend all the money, it's that they do really dumb shit with it. And for a lot of us in entertainment, there's a difference between having it and earning it. Yes. Very big difference. You having two and a half million dollars don't mean that it's about to replenish every month. Right. And you don't always know True when it's going to. Like I know for me just I've, I've had years where I made a lot of money. Me too. And I just assume the next year will be the same. You always assume you're gonna, next year's gonna be more. Yeah. Or the same. We never assume we're gonna make less till next year come and that's when you get fucked up and, and yo you start just pitch chipping, chipping, chipping, chipping, spend 20,000 here, 13,000 here, 7,000 here and that shit just start going you be Like $9 here.


Yo that shit just started looking crazy. Yo It is different. That congested to shit and all that shit is is It is expensive too. When you say $9 here nigga, I just spent the fucking pay the bill of 500 something dollars for the month of January and February. Nigga it's a lot of money. Have you have you a regular person that has to spend an additional two 50 a month? That's a lot of money. Yeah. For the average person per big chunk of your income. It's a lot of money. Exactly. Some nigga might only make 3000. Bring home 3000, $4,000 a month. You gotta spend 2 50, 300 extra. That's a lot of money. I agree with you. It's a lot for Me. You're not tricking me. I I don I totally agree.


No, I'm, I totally agree with you. That's good man. Alright. Good luck to Meek. What else is important? What else is important up here? This Steve Smith thing. I need y'all to explain this to me because maybe this is some shit niggas in from New Jersey do Whoa. What, what, because what happened? I just, what niggas from Jersey do? So this guy, as y'all people know the story, but if you don't know the story, Steve Smith, senior, the football player was allegedly having an affair with a woman in the, the football organization. Raven's organization. The guy's husband finds out the girl's husband. The girl's husband, the girl's husband, excuse me, finds out and puts it on social media. Yes, it sure does. The proof why that's some New Jersey shooting. No, I'm, I'm asking because like, I don't know anybody from my fair city that would ever put on put on social media that their wife was getting shit about by a professional football player.


A goofy nigga ain't from no New Jersey. I don't know where. I'm just asking this. I don, I don and number two, what's his race? The one that put a double husband was white. Right. I just, I they react different. That shit is like, did you think you was playing him? Yeah. I I didn't. I understand. Like you not playing me. If you put that shit on there, then they called him. Called him. You fucking my wife buddy. And he's like, sorry, sorry. No, Your wife fucking, I don't even think he said sorry after he was like, like I took the, sorry, like, pardon me. Like and anybody that know Steve Smith. Steve Smith is a hot head. So I know he really wanted to blast him but he know he is being recorded. Right. Because he ain't say nothing else after that. And Steve Smith like has been and Steve doing commentating and You know what I mean, got some NFL jobs pretty good.


It is like, yo, I ain't gonna let you fuck my shit up, but if I catch you outside, Steve Smith married So he ain't, He ain't wanna talk too crazy on that phone with this nigga Being recorded. That's why the dude did it. Oh, I was gonna lean into that. Like that's why the dude did it. That's what that was. Yo, you you fucked up my marriage. I'm gonna fuck up yours back. So let me put all the T out there. That's Corny. Goofy. That's super corny. Very Corny. And it's not gonna work. It's goofy. Look how toxic we are. And I aint fuck your marriage Up. Why we don't say It is corny for the married dude to fuck the married girl. We don't say that. Mel, what you think? Let's see if I'm Mel, I was thinking let's see if I'm big Mel listen one Y'all, I was thinking exactly what you just said as everybody's just like, It is corny. I was just like, well what about the fact that it's two married people cheating with each other.


Well we think it's coin. We think it's corn that happens Every day. We Think I I know it does, but that doesn't make It Is, there is more acceptance with that one than It is for Yeah, this was, he broke the code and to that, to you guys, that's more of a violation. Yes. The unspent the code. Yes. Than the, you know, sanctity of marriage. That's kind of wild san It's more interesting to me. I mean, sanctity, cheating, marriage cheating is fucked up. Like that's the obvious Part. I dare you to use that tone of voice with your Wife. I wouldn't, I'm I'm able to use it up here. But I wouldn't use that with her at The same woman always skipped it for better or for worse part. Exactly. Of the vow She participated in fucking him the woman. This is part of the worst part.


Yeah, That's joke. So when you speak about the sanctity break down the v our marriage, I'm, I'm bringing up all the words that were said during our vows at our our at our wedding. She's 1000% wrong as well. Let's go man. Both parties are wrong in this whole situation. I'm just talking about the dialogue between the two guys. That's all I'm talking The Sanctity of marriage. Yo, you crazy. The sanctity of marriage don't mean It is gonna stop bad things from happening. The sanctity of marriage should get us through the bad things happening for better Or worse. But the sanity, for better or for worse, it doesn't mean, you know, tripping and falling in a pussy. I'm taking notes. That's, that's the worst.


What Save that in a note for later. What? When you get hemmed up, save that. But My my response to that is yes it does. It does. If if I slip and fall into some pussy Yeah. That's included in be in Is it the same if she's slipping some dick falling, huh? Yes. Yes. Nigga's lying. But okay. I mean we gonna respond different. But it It is, it it It is for both parties. I hear you. For better or for worse do part. I hear you. They, it used to be death may come in some situations. No, I can't say that. Some situations, you know that the death part comes early. Can't say that. Don't say that. But what I'm saying is it's for both. Okay. It's supposed to be for both.


It's supposed to be it. It's for Both. What do, what do you guys think is the statistical rate of men leaving their wives after they found out that she cheated? It's not. I don it's not as high. Not as high, high. It's not. Listen to this, it's not as high as people think. Okay. What happens is when women get cheated on, they'll broadcast it. When niggas get cheated on, they ain't gonna tell nobody. 'cause now you get looked at like a sucker ass. That's true. And so they'll eat it. But a lot of people get men get cheated on and stay. It's a lot. It's not. And on top of that, a lot of times we did the cheating. So when she cheats back we understand like, Oh Yeah, I done got 49 girls off. All right. This hurts. Yeah, it hurts That you fuck money. But all we even You all, We even I tell you 49, we even hold Mel.


Here's the difference. Yeah. He right when we cheat, not me, but when you get, when you cheat and get caught, the wife, you, you tell her how you feel and she understands when she cheats to get caught, We on her ass. Nigga like this. Who you talking to? Huh? You still doing that shit again? Who? You. You still talking to that nigga? What you doing? The You. Yeah. But the niggas that's not leaving. Yeah. You could do all that. You still know that you're not leaving. You still know You're not leaving. I ain't even do That. I think how men look at it, niggas do that versus how women look at it are different. I'm not gonna insert my views on this 'cause my views be wild. But if my wife checks every box and she slipped one night, I'm, I'm not two nights.


Would you, would you say that you, you gotta really be flipped the wing. We gonna talk about it but I'm not leaving. If you check all of my boxes, you say that you doing That. It is not checking all my boxes. Hold on. I after That's me. That's not you Not checking all the boxes. Yeah. I don't think that's fear your family. You come from a church going family. Yes. Which means forgiveness is paramount in that I ain't go to church. That was my Would you say that if you do, if she check all your boxes, you forgave her, would you say that you contributed, would you take accountability for contributing to her cheating? No. No. Not at all. No. You wanna say in your mind like I might have put her through a couple of things so I understand at this moment why she stepped out.


You wouldn't look at yourself at all. No. Okay. So you should Un under wait, understanding and taking accountability for someone else cheating or two different things. Okay. Explain accountability means I could see, I could see the part I played in Got it right. Like, like if, what's the phrase the fucking stupid therapist said like if you have a problem with how your significant other showing up, then the first thing you need to do is check how you were showing up. Because cheating is not cheating Is the result of things happening prior, prior to Yes. Right. Yes. That's not true. I don't, I don't agree with that. He said that's what therapist told me. I agree with That. I think it depends on the person. If your Girl, if your girl is feeling empty, if your girl is feeling lonely, yes. If you're not fucking your girl enough, if you're not paying her enough attention.


If you're not checking certain boxes for your girl, we all human. I understand how somebody could step out. What about the nigga? Shit. Everybody. What what I'm saying is isn't that an argument for taking accountability? If I look at myself and say, look, she cheated 'cause I was gone. She cheated 'cause didn didn't give her attention. I didn't do all these things and she cheated. I mean that's a way to say, look, I i it's still her fault. I'm not letting her off the hook. But I'm saying I got a role in this too. Yes. So I agree with that. And that s That is accountability and yes, my answer to that is What happened to what about the nigga that she cheating? 'cause everything is okay at home and I'm just greedy and I want some side pussy 'cause shorty looked dope. We talking about the wife though. I'm talking about women. Women, women do that. I don't think they do. Why do y'all think women don't cheat?


'cause they greedy like us. No, they do. Women don't cheat 'cause something's lacking. That's one of the biggest misconceptions in fucking modern thought. People aren't human beings my nigga. It's girls that I know that say yo, he, he too available. He corny, he not challenging me enough. But wait, are they married? That's minute. But that's, are they married or just in relationship? Yes. That both. That's when you commit to somebody, whether you in a church or whether y'all sitting on your couch, y'all committing to each other. Should be enough. Niggas use that shit that's married or not married. But what's the relationship? But what's the, what's the ratio? The, You spend several hundred thousand dollars on your wedding. It is Different. Every, every wedding. No cost us 700, Whatever the fucking for whatever how much, however much you spent on your Wedding, you could've went to the justice of the peace and got married.


If I sit, sit on the couch with my girlfriend and say, yo, this is what we are deciding to do. I'm giving you my word that this is what we doing and she does the same thing. Or whether we go into church and say, your honor, this is what we're doing. I think your word should be your word, whether you in a church or whether you sitting in the couch. But If you just fucking people to fuck people, then you're immature. And those not the people I'm speaking to, We talking to relationships, there are people that are in relationships that are cheating every single day. All of those people that are cheating in those relationships are not cheating because something is lacking at home Ish. Even that is a justification that niggas used to cheat. Even when the man is hold on Joe. Even when the man is a pushover Ish, the wife or the woman is telling him or giving him signs or saying that you are a pushover.


You need to change. Let's say a a man is a pushover. He's a pushover. She gets over with every, she gets away with everything. She's telling him, yo, I need you to change. I need you to be more assertive. I need, hold on. I need you to, to be the man of the house. And if he ignores that, then she's liable to step out. It's still a reason you married him. You married him knowing he was a pushover. So now you are using that thing as an excuse to go do something that you wanted to do. Okay? You are looking for a justification in which to do something. If you know your wife can't cook, if you married your wife and she's fat, you can't now say, yo, she's fat physically. So now I want to go out and find some You married her. What did she that What if she puts on a hundred pounds later to Joe's point for for better or for worse.


It is something that you said you was going to do. So now when it goes for the worst, you can't now use that as a justification. I agree to go do some bullshit. I think, I think that this kind of gets into the weeds of, you know, people getting married for the wrong reasons or not, not really understanding who It is that they get married to. I feel like the conversation is revolved Sometimes, but sometimes people just, people, it don't gotta be this deep greedy sight. Niggas be greedy. You could have a girl at home that's beautiful, could cook pussy's amazing. Sex is amazing. She's a attentive, she's supportive, she's all of those things. She checks all your boxes. She checks every box and the nigga will go fuck something. Yo dog.


What are we talking about? I hate when Y'all this I I I hate when y'all do this. Those are not the people that we are having a conversation About. That's what I was talking About. No, we are having those con because y'all led, y'all said this, y'all said yo people are going to do this because of this. And me and ice are saying there's a whole different demo of people that are gonna do not talking about Acknowledging, we are not talking about that demo. But just can't Just say people. No. 'cause Joe said, yo, if you lacking at home and I'm not being supportive and I'm not this and I'm not that understand, then I'm leading to you cheating. Cool. Yeah. We are not just talking about habitual cheaters who have a problem with discipline and can't keep their dick in their paper. Me neither. Then you losing me then Joe. There are people that might cheat occasionally.


Nobody's saying you just some harlot chick that's just out fucking every time Dick and Harry or nobody saying you just some undisciplined nigga that's just outside wilding. There are niggas that might have, if you Cheat occasionally, then you and you married and you took a oath, then you are undisciplined. True. But you said like just a whore that's out here. Fucking everything. No, there's, there's a gray. It is not black or white. It's not whore or virgin. There's a lot of middle areas that people cover. Mm. Though we we doing a lot of unpacking and shorty said that he rearranged her IUD That's that's what she so I'd rather be funny. That's what she Said. I wasn't trying That's what she said. I wasn't trying That's what She ain the truth. The rules.


That's rules and regulations. He was Pissing out his ass for sure. Yeah. Niggas cheat one day. Hopefully if you grow up that stops, that's exactly not to say that you'll never be put in a temp attempting situations, but that's on everybody to know how to deal with temping situations. That's true. If that come my way, I could fall victim just like she could fall victim. So I want to have that understanding Right. And not just be the fucking police and the punishment. That's real repercussions. I just wanna have understanding It. It is hard and I, I don I don't cheat and my wife doesn't cheat as far as I know. I don't think she, I'm sure she doesn't at this point, you know, so, you know, it's hard for me to imagine a situation where that would happen just off like pure carnal instinct as opposed to like something really fucked up happened over a protracted period of time.


And I hope we can talk through, through that before we get there. But if it does, I would have to, I would forgive too. I mean that's, that, that's the point of marriage. That's The point. Cheating ain't even the word I'm in the crib arguing about now is be being inappropriate. That's the new entertaining That those It's Okay. Those it's okay. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm speaking for me, I ain't speaking for nobody else in it being inappropriate. In what way? That's the thing. There's, there's a lot of gray hair blanket. What's Inappropriate? Everybody got different. Like I got example, I got a homie, I got a homie who feels like whole thing right there. I got a homie whose wife I should say feels like any DM with a woman is inappropriate and you shouldn't be in any woman's dm. Just as an example of, whereas in our line of work, DM is a healthy form of a normal form of communication.


Yeah. So it, so It's just, there's mad women out there that feel like a very normal conversation between you and another woman is inappropriate. You being inappropriate. No. How about people are just nice, Right? Like, what do you do when just somebody nice hits you and you respond being nice? That's not inappropriate. She's Not being nice. S not women, not women look at it. No. Thirsty knows what she doing. Yeah. And you, you gonna hear that's not women, bro. That's how they treat That. That's throwing the fishing line out And just a lot of dudes getting a big fish. You know, I did the, the, the shout to Louis J and the beards and bottles. I did the the thing for they live podcast over the weekend. Right.


I seen you on the flyer. Yeah. So listen, it was mad people that I hadn't seen in a long time. Me and one of my homegirls had a conversation. She said, yo, I seen you in some spots. I couldn't say hi because the nigga that I was with wouldn't allow me to speak. So it don't just be women that be on no jealousy. Shit. These niggas be insecure, jealous, fuck these for sure. Niggas are worse. Yo. She said, yo, I couldn't speak. I would've got in trouble if I spoke to you. I'm like yo, that's crazy. How was your, how was your event? Pimp's cool. But yeah, like dog. It don't just be women that be doing that. It be a lot of niggas that be on that jealousy and security shit. Oh, niggas being un time. Yes bro. All of that shit. I didn have people say that. They girl made girls tell me that they made them unfollow you.


Dude Unfollow. Yeah. Wait, you don't understand that? No. And unfollow. Yeah. No, no. I get unfollowed blocked all that shit. You, you would never do that. I've had a guy, how would I do what? Make your girl not say hi to somebody that she knows. 'cause y'all in a relationship. I don't know that I, I'm beyond that. I don't know that that's above me. I don't think so. Like it's probably situational. So Why it might be circums? I don't know. It might be circumstantial, but the same nigga that you saying you are, you just played your ex-girlfriend's man twice and gave a nigga worldwide. Not ex, Not ex-girlfriend's man. They was, that's her ex. Yeah, but baby daddy is a little more, but I mean, but I'm just saying whatever the case e even worse, even better.


Most men are not doing that bro. Right. Most men are not secure enough to do no shit like that and lend no shine to no other man. That's my girl's baby dad. Like I don't see you telling your girl yo. You can't say hi to that nigga. That's a little bit different Dog. If you met somebody that's gonna rearrange your IUD every now and again, I don't want you speaking up. That might, that might be my line. That's what I'm saying. Like you winning her phone, being nosy, snooping around. It is Mistake. Saw that what you was looking for? Anaconda in there. A real nigga. Yeah. You seen some shit in there and she was talking to him like that shit was in Anaconda. I could see you asking her not to go to the punchline at the, at the prom with Yeah, we need the IUD fam the crazy shit.


Crazy shit's gotta say right there. Damn. The crazy shit is when shorty told dude I would, I wanna come see you but I gotta go home. Mm. Like why is that crazy First He just, he just nigga yo, he his wife gonna See that shit. I'm gonna call you tomorrow. He just pulled up. You want be he yo, you don't wanna be, he he don't wanna be, don't wanna, I would come see you, but he home. He here now this nigga. So what you saying Andrew? You don't wanna be here? I don't wanna be the other dude either. Like I want access to the person I enjoy fucking, Alright, so you being immature. I'm on joke time nigga. I'd rather be that nigga. Fuck outta here. The lowercase he Fuck that lowercase.


Yeah. You don't even get a capital h Just, I don't want us to beat this to death. 'cause I do have another kind of relationshipy topic to throw to y'all. Okay. And this is with Ade Neo's latest baby mother. Oh. Oh, I was, my head was spinning for forever. Yeah. Yeah. I thought, I thought you were getting this a nigga joke. Crazy. So I'm gonna give it to you as soon as my phone loads. Get it. All right. My phone is loaded. This is Neo on doing an interview, I guess explaining how he told his kids about his poly lifestyle. Okay. Ooh. Oh, About your relationship. Of course they, how old is, can I Answer them?


Kids have questions about that, about your relationship? Of course they do. And I answer them. Yeah. Okay. Honesty again, I'm not lying to nobody, not even my children. Hey, this is, this is daddy's girlfriend and so is that and so is that and so is that, I Love it. You got no problem. She's gonna make you some cereal and she gonna cook lunch and she gonna wash clothes. Come on. Come on. It's community. You need your book in the Bible, right? Between Corinthians and All right, we've heard enough from Neo at the interview, they told That nigga he need his own book in the Bible. Sade friend of the show, friend of Joe, whatever you wanna call it says, this is disgusting parenting. I'm sorry to everyone that this narrative is being forced down y'all's throats and didn't I tell your corny ass not to have that shit going on in front of my kids to do that cornball shit on your own time.


That shit is sick as fuck. You are hella fucking weird for that. You added them. But I'm glad you think I'm playing with you after I done already warned you. I'm not playing about my kids. And Polly relationships aren't five plus quote unquote girlfriends that party with you every night. So you can pick up more girls to hook up with. That is what you call an open relationship. You are a want a boyfriend, I guess Wannabe boyfriend, I don't know. Oh, wannabe boyfriend slash pimp slash trick. Get a life. Oh no. You like GFE. I don't know what GFE is Girlfriend. Experience. Experience girlfriend. Mm Damn. Stop. Right. Listen, stop Disrespecting Polly.


There's nothing exclusive about what you got going on weirdo. And I'll just be patiently waiting like this for a motherfucker to sneeze wrong before I dust out my receipt book of everything under the sun. Foot on neck. Now belt to ass. Oh shit. Just had to make that clear. That shit is weird. And we don't condone clown parenting move. Moving on. How are y'all doing? Don't mind me. Last slide. You need your fucking ass beat belt to ass. That's the problem. Shh. I I did want to hear where y'all stood on that. I'm, I'm with her. Which part? On their argument?


On him intro on him making his kids aware of his poly lifestyle and his multiple girlfriends. Or how old are the kids? I was about to say that age matters. My first question, the age matters. They're young. I would have to Google it, but I do, I do think they're young. Okay. I'm, well, well shout. They just had a kid last year or two years Ago. Okay, so young. Yeah, I'm gonna say this. That's not something I would do me because I don't live a poly lifestyle. So I think that would be inappropriate to give to your kids. But for the people that are in that particular type of lifestyle, if that's their truth, that's their truth. It is like people that do porn, right? We look at that like, oh that's taboo. A lot of people introduce porn to their kids really, really ear really on early on and let them know that this is what mommy and daddy do for work.


But there's still limits. Like you don't, you don't Got some wild View. I never heard that. I ain't heard I didn't hear that before. It is got some Wild, this is not my Pov, this is not my view. So what I'm telling you is I could be objective. I could say, yo, I feel like this, but I'm not condemning them fulfilling, like that big hide. But you draw lines, right? Like if you introduce your kids, say I'm a porn star, you don't bring 'em to bring your daughter. Yeah, they don't, they don't bring your daughter to work day. You don't say they hide it from them. You say here's, that's the line. They don't hide it. That's wrong. I got their ages by the way. I Yeah, I was about to say they don't hide real young. Actually a lot of the porn stars, they kids go into porn. Wait, What? Oh yeah. I don't know what you doing. Gimme The ages. 14, 13, 8, 6, 3.


And then look, I guess these are twins. They don't even have the age age, but which ones are Sade? Isabella and Braden are two years old and then Brixton is nine months old. Okay. That was as of a year ago. So they all your age is more accurate. But that's the general age. They're little kids up to like young teens. I think all of them are probably Too young to be introducing to not The teenagers, but the smaller kids. Just Confused To the smaller kids. I was too young. If I had a, actually I did have a, so when I had teenage a teenage daughter, I, if, if I were in that situation I was dating at the time, I would say, Hey, I date different people. There's nobody you need to meet right now. Correct. To me that's different than wildly different than like yeah, I'm in a polyamorous relationship. It's actually The opposite.


Right? It's The opposite. And to me, that to me that's, that's, that's the opposite. And to me that's the proper way to handle it. And I understand everybody's different if you're in a polyamorous relationship, like a real one where, look, I have two partners. I think that's okay to say these are my two partners. But as Sade said, that doesn't sound like what he's doing. That's she it was gonna go exactly that. Her analysis is right. He's just openly fucking a lot of people. And to say she's gonna pour in cereal, she's gonna give you that shit is weird. That's not what he said. And I had, I had this, I had Neo on my, on my topic list before this interview and before she replied because he looks nuts. Yeah, Yeah. Agree. Like I know as a nigga, you ain't supposed to be able to say.


And and I love him for end of the show. Been up here. Yeah. Neil looks nuts. Yo. Yeah, He looks nuts because he's sharing his lifestyle with everyone. He looks nuts because what? He has numerous that he has a rotating numerous partners. I thought, I thought all of them were The same. It's more than showing, it's like highlighting, like I see, I constantly see clips that are not just like someone filming. It looks like pr Yes. That I have multiple girlfriends and He's, he's, He's true. He's making a spectacle of it. He's promoting that lifestyle Basically. He's, he's adding people to the mix. Cool. But most importantly, nobody on the internet after a breakup of people you've been with for X amount of years, nobody ever just goes and sits the fuck down.


Right. Because your way, We just watched you, your way of be in shit for the last however many go sit down, you're with a minute. 'cause with the internet you gotta win. You have to win the breakup. But and you, so you gotta show like, This is not winning of the breakups. I'm, this is how these niggas move though. After we go through whatever, I gotta show that I'm unbothered, I'm living life, I'm winning facts. I I I got all of this happening now and I have to keep showing y'all that. I think that, I think that if he just out here fucking, I don't think you should be introducing your kids. Shouldn't I don agree with that Paul? Introducing the people to your kids. Yeah. I agree with if those are his quote unquote girlfriends, which he kind of said like, yo, I got multiple girlfriends. This would make you breakfast.


This will make you lunch. And those are his girlfriends and that's the lifestyle he that he live in. Then He still shouldn't be introducing 'em to his kids. I Think that's drastically different than him just fucking random people. No. Even if, let's go with with with the latter. Right? Let's pretend they are his girlfriends. Okay. That's what they're saying. How long, however would it Exactly. That matters if you had one girlfriend that you just got with in the first four or five months, they shouldn't be meeting your fucking Kids. I agree With me and my girl. So now you got four of them. Y'all been together for six months. Exactly. I Agree. When me and my girl got together, we both knew we had children. We made a decision initially. Hey look, if we make it to a year, then we'll introduce the kids because at that point that's solid point. We know we're invested, we know we got something real here.


But if we don't hit the year mark, I ain't meeting your kids. You not meeting mine. I agree with that. And y'all talking about it should be kept from the young kids, but maybe not the teenagers. I'm even more high alert with the teenager. Absolute Agreed. Definitely agree. Especially, Especially today. 14. Look, that's Not Today. Yeah. So think about this. If, and again, I'm just giving a opposite perspective for the sake of discussion. Neo is neo. So in today's society, they keep a camera in everybody's face. Don't Have to see, I don't roll with that. You don't have to. I don't roll with that. I don he's powerful enough To Privacy society. There's plenty, plenty of people that's all the way up and are private. Yeah, that's true. Or, or or have certain matters in their life. Private. That are private.


Yeah. I'm not mad at Neil doing what he doing. Let me not, I don't wanna come off wrong. I'm not mad at whatever lifestyle he wanna live that's on him. And he's neo. Like I actually applaud him for saying to himself, yo, 'cause he been on, I don't Have a dis I don't have a Discipline motherfuck With one chick. Neil been on. I ain't don't make me say He was. So if now he's saying yo one relationship, one woman is one is not for me. That's not how I'm on it. This is how I want to live my life. Then I applaud that freedom. Yes. I think that that comes with a line in how you parent. I agree. I agree. I agree a hundred percent. I agree with that. Because what happens when your daughter comes home from high school and say, daddy, I got, I'm A polyamorous Relationship.


Yeah. I got a boyfriend and so does my girlfriend. It is my other girlfriend. We all got the same guy. Like our parents say like you, you don't do what you see me do. Right? Yeah. That's only gonna, that's not gonna go far. I don think that work today, It is not gonna go far. It needs y'all never worked. Y'all don't understand that kids are coming home saying that now Because it's been glorified in a situation like this where people don't seem to understand what polyamorous relationships actually mean. Let's say, let's say his daughter or somebody's daughter take it off of Neo and they family. Let's say somebody's daughter comes home at 17 and says, yo, on Polly, I'm probably gonna whoop some ass yo because now we, we can't stand on, we can't stand on a yo we pro this, but we not pro that when it comes to sexuality.


Yeah, We can. Yes I can. We Can do, yes I can. Sure can. And if I'm, if I'm not being hypocrites then and if I'm that person's parent, if I'm that person's parent, I'm gonna want them to define what poll is Yes. And why they want wanna be in it. And if they do it for I'm just, I'm I'm going to talk them through it. Cool. You know what I'm saying? Just so I'm not making them feel like I'm judging them. You not, You're not boly under this roof. Where Are we living at? Okay. Well I Think it's perfect. I don I don't even have kids, but I wasn't the kid so long ago to know that your parents can be hypocritical with You. They can well say not as I do part of parents, but don't, don't some of it, some of it isn't hypocrisy. But don't we, don't we condemn that when it come to other sexual life choices? No. With parenting. Yes. Gimme gimme example with Teenagers. If your kids came, if your, if your daughter, if your son came home and wanted to be trans now at 15, 16 years old, I've heard everybody up here come up here and defend that.


Not everybody. No, not everybody. Oh, you actually not everyone. You right Phillip. Pardon me? I'm just saying. So now we drawn a line, we drawing a line now about when your kids could come home and be open to you about their sexual choices or their sexual preferences. I know you could Be open. I don't, I don't think that's hypocritical at all. Yeah. Some shit We gonna go with and some shit we not. Yeah. I don't think it's hypocritical. Okay. I I I think it's hypocritical. If I say this is right for me, it's the right thing to do. I'm not do anything wrong. When you do it, it's wrong. That's hypocritical. What I'm saying is something a little different. I'm saying that at that age or two things. One, what I don't think what Neo is doing is actually polyamorous. And so I think he same, I think he's muddying up the water so that when the kids follow that lead, we offer kneel. No. Or, or whoever. What I'm saying is when we start using these terms loosely, it gets messy.


True. And I also think at that age you have to, as, as Mel said, talk through it with them. If my 17-year-old daughter had come home and said, look, I'm polyamorous and da da, I don't know. I don actually don't think I would trip about that. My worry is how is is that I'm not confident that at 17 you're able to clearly know what you want and what you wanna do, but you've been an advocate and a proponent of When do You think it is an appropriate age for them to make that determination? It it, some of that is kid to kid. Some kids are more advanced and mature because I have dau I have two daughters who are very different personality wise and maturity wise. So I I I don't think it's like when you turn 18, something magically happens.


I think it depends on the kid. But I, I worry that if we start that, that if we just say go do that 'cause we're so progressive, which I am progressive that, but we don't have any oversight to it, that it can become dangerous. And I think people like Neo make it harder because there are people who live very responsible, careful, healthy polyamorous lives. And I think what he's doing is so messy and different than that, that it makes it harder for everybody else to to, to talk about it. Because now they think just fucking everybody's poly. They don't even know what it really is. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. That's why I, that's why I said get off that. If you're not, if you're not an adult and I'm a parent, I have a hard time believing that you are now capable of managing a poly relationships at 17 years old.


I I think you got a hard time managing, being with one person or just learning how to be with one person. It's hard for adults, I would imagine to manage a poly relationship. Learning a checkbook, getting a job, learning people, learning the world. Learning life. Don't, you ain't coming to my house at 17 talking about I I'm nigga who so, So real quick and I I'm not trying to be the black sheep, but are we moving on from that other subject? Because it's sensitive, meaning what he's saying that we would, would you allow your child at 17, 14, 15 to come to you and say, I want a sex change. Is that a sensitive topic that we wanna move from? Because he said it? No. If you want to talk about it can Saying he been saying I Just, I didn I don't think that's the same. So I left it. I didn't leave it. Okay. In fear of speaking about it, why, why?


If you come to me and tell dif my kid comes to me and tells me, yo, I wanna be a transgender. You having a conversation with me about how you feeling inside. Okay. As a Person. Okay. I'm, I'm, yeah. That had to me has nothing to do with other people, outside people. That's my kid telling me how they feel. We're a Human. We're also talking about a teenager potentially wanting to modify their body as opposed to just dating someone. Right. It's a Big difference. It's a big difference. Which, which one is way more important? I don't know if it's the word is important, but I think It is what I mean by like high stake. It's more high stake, consequential use the wrong word. We understand what I'm saying. Consequential. Yes. But I, I would say, you know Yeah, exactly.


Revealing that you're trans and wanting this, We get in the water that we don't know what we talking about because every trans person that's underage is not looking to get that operation done. Most, most aren't. So if we don't know, we talking about Got it. Let's, let's aren't, And and that's the what Joe just said. It is really important. 'cause that's the misconception. If we're just talking about how you feel inside, I'm willing to engage that conversation to have that conversation. I agree. Me too. If my son comes to me in five years or two years or two months and, and and, and says I feel like a girl, I'm fine with that. And I we'll, we'll work with that and we'll, we'll go through that. But that doesn't mean that I would allow a sex change. I think the misnomer about trans folk is that people are trying to give all these trans kids sex changes. Most of them don't get it until after 18 and the hormone.


But a lot of them Don't. Just, lemme Finish this thought. Lemme just finish this thought. This is really important. The hor, the hormone blocker is a thing that people often get, but hormone blockers can be undone. So if you get a hormone blocker, because I don't want to transition into certain things that happen naturally to puberty. And then suddenly I changed my mind at 14, 15. I feel differently and I'm, I'm, I'm actually not trans. I'm just queer. I'm not trans. I'm just this or that. I'm that. You Just stop taking the hormone, stop Taking the hormone blocking. That's what I would do to, to address that point. Is I, because it's again just like, just like that. It's a high stakes choice to make at 13. But how you feel inside is how you feel inside. I'm not fighting that. Got it. Such A supportive parent. I Don't know. I would do something though Bro. You gotta be open to talk about all of that shit.


That's, that was my whole point. Like you can't condemn one and talk about the other. But go ahead. No nigga, transgender nigga, you can't. Maybe we buying less snacks in the house. You are an idiot. Huh? We gotta do something. Gotta change now. No. So Changing already. Alright. That's your man. That's your man right there. Change clothes. Yeah. Freeze. No salute. Gotta have this conversation nigga. He's right. You gotta Have him And y'all had a talk like Yeah. How you feeling inside any, y'all said that to y'all kid. No. Right. No. No. Niggas don't talk to their fucking kids at all.


Nah, Yo. Only on podcasts. I would talk to them. Yeah. Niggas but I don but y'all Yo. Who talks to their kids? Yo, if, if if Flip Kids wasn't his cameraman, he wouldn't Motherfucker I thought no. When I talk to my oldest, when he need a couple dollars I should call. Man, how you feeling inside? See y'all got young kids so y'all all excluded from this. How old you got a young kid Too? And I got a 24. Got kid actually one who will be 21 on Thursday. Oh happy. Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. I was gonna actually ask y'all, we'll talk later. I need some gift advice. Okay. Money. It is just money now.


At 21. At 21. Ain. It is just money. Look ain't you Rich Money. What? What is the proper amount? I was gonna get her like a fancy something thoughtful like a bag. She's, you know. But you said just give her cash. What is a reasonable amount of money? That won't make me look cheap but also isn't ridiculous. Cash. Question. Does she have a job? Five. That's what, no, she's full time. She's a junior in college. She's studying abroad in Spain right now. Why you laughing? Fancy laughing. 5,000. What You said five 5K. Five to 10 K. See I'm see I was gonna give her 2100 like 'cause she's 21 But is that cheap? No, no, no, no. I don think so. That's not cheap. It's not cheap. Oh y'all was just talking Five. I saw five. That wasn't y'all not y'all. Y'all ain't say five. What would you do? What would you I would've said that 21.


21 at 21. Your kid been waiting to be 21 their whole life. You give them a little something so they could act and feel 21 and leave you alone for a little bit and see what they do with it. And if $2,100 don't do that. $2,100 does not do that at 21 today. In this economy it doesn't. Sorry outta your mind. I'm telling you. It don't. You are outta your fucking mind. I have a kid that's over 21. I'm telling you and you rich stop. Bitch I don't have watches. I'm not trying to be funny. I don't have watches. I know but that one I don have watches that one. Why you keep saying I ain't gonna do that because they gonna think I'm focusing on me. No, no, no. You have to stop saying that about me until I get more watches. Man, shut the fuck up J. It's true. Shut Your dumb ass up. It is true. Well bust that one down In by three nigga. Super up nigga. Or even we got you.


We got you on. We got you on camera telling me I'm super up nigga. Nigga I'm up. Ready nigga. That's a fact. Alright, so you up, you up. But that ain't so you can give trade. I told y'all about the misconception that that spreads when we say that from this room. 'cause that gives the impression that you where you want to be to the people that are above you. And I ain't where you want be. So I'm viewing that's internal. I'm not viewing it like yo, you up, you up, you up. No I ain't nowhere where near where I need to be. Yo, you, I'm nowhere near where you, yo you A magician. I ain't at the spot. Stop. Just go to Short hill. Lemme talk. I ain't at the spot where I can just go to Short Hills and get every watch I want. That's not where I'm No we not talking about expensive watches. My money has to go to like important shit.


Yo Ish. You do these, you do these magician yo, you a, you a magician, you a Ish, you a magician when it comes to conversation. You try to conflate things and no the contractor come out. You talking about hold on, you talking about the back call. You talking about the niggas that you're trying to reach to. Yes. You don't want them to look at you like you up. But the niggas that you are above and the niggas that you are up compared to you are up nigga you are up. You're in a great position more than average. You. You dressed for where you're trying to be. Nigga why would we don't care about the niggas you trying to get to. That's you. That's your own goal. You behave. You have to behave. Nigga's crazy. See y'all calling me crazy. Spreads the wrong message to the audience. Don't think you should move, act, behave and present and appear where you want to go.


I got not where you at and not you should look like where you're trying to go. Not from where you come from. So You trying I believe that. And I agree. I do too. So you trying to Say, so when y'all say that in here, It gives A certain impression. So I Things don't have nothing to have nothing to do. I don fucking Hallmark. I don't care how many Hallmark cards You right now. Now the fuck you Talking about. I asked y'all last part. What do you think you have to do to double your income today? What did that Guy, what did I gotta do with you not being You right now Short Hills wall about any watch you want. Nothing you can go at Shore Hills Mall and buy any watch you want. You talking to me four of them. Exactly. I could, it would be irresponsible. I didn't say responsibility. Stop yo dog.


You, he said he couldn't Conflate my point. He Said he didn't mean yo. I know what he meant though. I didn know what every means Mark. I know what they Say, what I meant. Mark knows exactly What I Meant. What the fuck are y'all Talking about? Yo, you a smoking mirror man. No he ain't to me he ain't even good at it. That nigga pick the whole goalpost up. No, I just, I just speak with context and nuance and everybody don't get that nobody Response every, everybody don't get that. You got some backlash for being up. I totally understand Mark, By the way, I think that you should get her the nice bag that you were thinking of and put the $2,100 in Five stacks. Nigga we bet that on a Sixers game. See that now. Who's we? Me and Mark Broke as talking Five stacks I think Dar we.


Yeah. See I'm glad you stopped painting the narrative of me that Fucking when your daughter turns 20. No I'm not because You do that to me every week. You come up here and paint this narrative of me like I'm rich every fucking week. And then you don't like what? Nobody, if we paint the narrative, you rich. Shut up. Stop. You got consequences. That's why we can't do it. We can't tell your truth. Whatcha you looking for me to say? I want you to say yes. You're right. I apologize. I take accountability for doing that. For calling you Rich. Yes. Yes. I don't apologize for that. I'm not rich. I think, I think you're rich. You got it. Yo, I gonna lie you What's that W Ice? You got it? Sky dweller The squad dweller. That's the one. Yeah. That's that's a nice watch.


That's rich. You not rich but you up. You a nice, you all the way up. You, I don know you the be come together. He, he Think he the only nigga in New Jersey that knows man for has a calculator and he is not True. Yeah, you don't got no numbers to put in your calculator. Yo. Let's move on. Yeah I do. No you don't. You have one number to put in your calculator. I have more than one number and when I go home I put more than one number in there. They made up though. I know what you're doing. I see how you're moving. It's nice, it's attractive, it's inspiring. This nigga's crazy. Insane.


What's wrong with me for saying that? How you moving is inspiring to people. Okay, What you bringing in? I think you could run a class and a course and teach people, especially with the state of the market on what's going on out there. You could be fucking Ian fun lap. You could be, You Could be fucking some, you could be doing something Ian Fun. Yeah, you fucking fun. I be, I be Wall Street rapper right? Yeah. Yo, this niggas a Tw Dick. This nigga just make up shit yo Stupid because y'all gonna airway and do all this shit. And then I go behind the scenes and try to convince people how on debate I am. Said that's the problem. And then by you doing that and putting highlight in say my man yo, you gotta stop.


Hold on, hold on. I got you gotta stop saying my man is why you doing what he do? I but saying my man is up. It's you put other lights on him that don't need to be on him. Nigga shine a light on him nigga you put the bright lights. This nigga just said yo, I gotta go and sit in other rooms and explain to them why I'm underpaid while he shines. This fabricated, busted ass neon light on my money. Acting like I got more than what I got. Mm. What the fuck you think I gotta do when I go sit in other rooms? The rooms you sit in this what room? What You, what you tell a man? Yo, can I say it? What you say? What you Man? That your Honor. Yeah, That's room you sit in. Yo. Yo that your honor nut, Listen now's time for my favorite Part of the Show and I'm underpaid.


Alright, Lemme tell you what Pride. See, Lemme tell you what? Well you say you have no bread. You going to That? See, I don't have no bread and we not doing that right now because I'm trying to get bread. So PrizePicks is the best place in the world. Hello.


PrizePicks Is the best place to get real cash money during sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in, in awarded winnings. PrizePicks is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really simple and easy to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for your chance to win up to 1000 times your cash. So download the app today and run your game. Now All Star weekend is over. Super Bowl is over, but we still got picks for you. Big freeze. Alright, so we have, I'm gonna let you make the picks. We got the Celtics at the Pistons. Celtics at Pistons. I've been on Peyton Pritchard's Dick for, for ages. So just gimme Peyton Pritchard from more than 12. Gimme Peyton Pritchard from more than 12 points. All right, we got the Hawks at the heat. I ain't doing nothing with the heat. No. No. Alright. I don't like that game. Thunder Nets. Oh, gimme shy. Gimme SGA from more than 27 Clippers. Bulls Gimme Norm Norman Powell. Gimme Norm Powell for more than 20. Not 19. At one point a call caused the dead. Got me last night. Gimme Norm Powell for more than 19 points. One point got me last night. Kings in jazz. I don't like it. Spur Spurs and rockets. I don't like it. Everybody trying to lose. I'm not, I'm not doing that. Mm. Even though I do like the Rockets, I could pick somebody in the rocks. Jalen. Yeah. Yeah. Gimme Jalen Green too. I don pick four people. Gimme Jalen Green for more than 21. There you go. I like him. I like him a lot. And I like what Kevin Porter Junior is doing over there. Milwaukee. And You gotta like what Wiggins is doing in Miami. I don't You, I don't, maybe I'm not a know, maybe I'm not seeing enough Miami games. Yeah, they won in four sense of trade. So it's about the players PrizePicks. You ains about the, you ain't, I don't care what they team did. Crazy. That is true. Listen, if you download the app today and use promo code JBP, you give $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat download price, pick today and use promo code JBP and you will give $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


All right. With that being said, at some point during the broadcast we giving Mark Lamana ISO for Joy Reed. I don't think that's right this second. Before we continue, I'm wanna say rest in peace to Roberta Flack For sure. Of course. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. Roberta Flack. The legend. Legend. Rest in peace to al tr trout wig For Sure. Nick's broadcaster Who? That that fucked me up. That fucked me up. And Gwen McCrae. Gwen McCrae. Yeah. And Gwen McCray passed. So rest in peace to everybody that we lost again. Rest in peace to Irv his brother Chris Gotti did an interview talking about that.


His last poker game and he was eating Chinese food and, and had that, had that massive stroke. I had heard that story in the street about the poker game. It's just, It is just that Food is killing us, man. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna hold you. I thought, I thought Jerry Butler too. Singer, soul singer. Rest in peace. Oh yeah. Rest in peace. Jerry Butler. Yeah, I, I thought about again, Irv and, and Clark and everybody when I went to go get that full body MRI. Shit. So, so rest in peace. I encourage everybody out there, check on your health. Check on your health. Health is well don't be afraid of the doctor. Just go. Yeah, yeah. Just Go. Just go. Yeah, just go. That's it. It Was, it was tough to hear about Roberta flack in, in the circumstances, you know, at her age.


Her dying from getting her back. Kicked in here on the JBP. Mm. Last, last week when y'all, You know, she actually lost her battle with Fuck hate Not hate You monsters. Y'all tore her up. We did not last week, she died of a broken Heart. We did not kill Roberta Fla. I'm Not, I I To investigate this man. Listen. Peace. Do y'all feel like shit that the last thing y'all said about Roberta Flack was that she was elevator music. How do you feel about that King Wawa don't look at your phone now. You ain't got nobody to call. How do you feel about that? Do you feel bad? No. Roberta Flack is a black great. You can do what he want nigga. He ain't sign. You said he didn't sign.


Do what do you want nigga? I ain't signed. Oh you did? You did clear it up. It's not, it's not cleared it up clear. Why? Who I got cleared up for. Because if we say you didn't and we made a spectacle about it, you should come up here and say no I shouldn't. I should tell the spec. Oh you want, you want the narrative to run that you didn't In my hood they say spectators get spit on. Mm. It is some old school shit from the forties. I don talking about It is you crazy strumming my pain. Speaking of hoods, right. I bumped into a list of the Oh my God. You bumped into, huh? Well yeah 'cause I follow all of the New Jersey pages like New Jersey News, new J, this jersey, that garden, state this.


I follow all of 'em. Red bid, it'd be really red. It'd be really interesting in New Jersey news. But I bumped into one that wanted to tell me about the five dirtiest places in New Jersey. You saw that? Go ahead. I'm gonna play it for y'all, but I do disagree with it. Yeah, let me hear it. Alright, fuck It. Which is the dirtiest place to live in New Jersey? Most new jerseyans know that the cleanest place to live in New Jersey is Ridgewood. So shut up. Which is the dirtiest place to live in New Jersey? You got Jersey Horror soundtrack behind Patterson. Patterson struggles with trash disposal, abandoned buildings. I don do Pizza horse Sanitation enforcement.


That's the Silk City. Illegal dumping. I'm not mad. And industrial pollution. I Agreed with this one Bad. It Is dirty water and overall cleanliness Ish love. Fourth place. Shut up. Passaic rep Your wife, Which is the dirtiest place to live in New Jersey. Aging infrastructure. I know Irving's better be number one. And poor sanitation caused trash buildup. I don't know enough about dumpsters. Way to call it Littered streets. What parts and flooding that worsens waste. Yeah, different parts. Passaic for Sure. Third place Elizabeth. Oh shit. Elizabeth's industrial overcrowding and four waste Manages. Well Elizabeth stink E so I understand that. And storm water pollution. Littered streets and declining local environmental Quality In the second place.


Jersey City. Oh Shit. Jersey Passaic. Watch his fucking mouth about Jersey City. Littered streets, industrial pollution. They To say, I think he's wrong about Jersey. Nice though. Well it's part that's true too. Hold up number one. Before announcing the first place comment in the section. No Nigga, we Not commenting, Not liking Place. Jersey Us. Number one, it Ranks first with air pollution, litter, industrial waste, illegal dumping, aging infrastructure and high crime worsen sanitation issues. Camden smog and neglected public spaces across the City. That's Newark. The fuck outta here. Fuck outta here. Get the fuck outta here.


So wait, Camden and Trenton weren't on the list. That's not Jersey. Oh it's not. Camden is Jersey. That's that North Jersey Bull. Some things in that's fake bull fixing. Don't believe Newark and Jersey City should be on this list. Elizabeth shouldn't be on not one, two. At least Irvington not being on this list. It is a problem. That should be number Irv Irvington is Babe Root my nigga. Yeah, Irvington should be on The list. Irvington is Irvington track. Even I know that Irvington Is fucked up. Newark ain't Newark anymore. It Is. No he's white. But again, with all of them cities, they all big as hell. I ain't been to East in a while. He No. Cleaned It up.


Not even close. Star ain't gonna be in the top 10. Top North need to be Number one. You do that nigga. Irvington. New Jersey is number One. Nah man. Nah, Patterson and Camden got It right. It's a global broadcast. You wanna focus on New Jersey? I just thought Fuck that. List one and two. Hometown for three was Yeah, that was, that was a little crazy. Okay. Anything in music that we need to get to? Yes. Oh, who wants to tell Rolling Stone to shut the fuck up. Yo. Hey. Rolling Stone. Shut the fuck Up. It was Please. Rolling Stone says, I'm not even gonna read it from the thing of Ma Jiggy Rolling Stone says that Thriller was damn near a perfect album until they got to Lady In My Life. Yeah. And it it was part of the 50 worst songs on great albums list they made.


And, and this and the Lady in my Life came number 20 of of it Said That Lady in my Life, not only was the worst song on Thriller, but a horrible choice to end the album with. This is what I don I don't remember the song. You've heard it. You know what, you've heard it on the I got it. You've heard it. He's an immigrant du Boys to Men. Yeah, he's an immigrant. I got him. I'm an immigrant. You're an immigrant. Are you? Shit not a migrant. No, I'm Nah, You right. I was born here. You were fucking weirdo. You was born for real. They're Bugging. Yeah. Come on. They're bugging. It is a great way to end The album Max. This is amazing Song. What? Just let mellow You right on out.


Go home Roll The still Got Shit the fuck up. Come on now. Yo, this song is fine no matter where you place it. And no matter what RB album you place it on. Hey talk. Let's go real quick. 40 up, 50 and up out there.


Oh my God. Here's what fucks me up about this. Blasphemy. The the, the thing is, if, if you wanted to make, and I love Thriller, if you wanted to pick one off Thriller, there is a song all you to do is say The girl is mine. Yeah. Get Paul McCarney ass the fuck out. Get Paul McCartney the fuck up outta here. Say that that song did not age well. You can, we can't say no.


I'm saying its cool. Not gonna say that. Yeah, but I mean if, if the song is, it doesn't to me that one that always felt Add a step with the album, it's a little bit corny. It doesn't age well and it's not a terrible song. But if you had to pick one off a thriller, that's the one you pick off. And Monica and Brandy smoked Mike and Paul McCartney's Boots. Yeah. Easy. They smoked they Boots. Yeah. Goods Man, I'm looking at the whole list. They did get one write up here though man. Man they got drunk shit. The fuck outta here. Hot Fighter. What about Drunk Out Girls? No, I, I was more, I was making sure it was on the list. He's right and It is Right. In terms of what? Terrible songs on songs on great albums. I Russell that song. I mean Hot Girl. Our song should not have been on that album.


That song is horrible. It's a mess. Song. Ice Drunken Hot Girls. Did they get Get Drake? Did they get Drake's birthday song? Happy Birthday Ratchet. Happy Birthday. Is that on there? I don See that Your fucking birthday Girl. It is Happy birthday today. But it said on great albums though. Yeah. About say what albums That Scorpion Scorpion Scorpio. It's not a great album. I like that album. They got bad blood up but I mean not the Yeah they got Bad Blood on there by Taylor Swift. Alright. I love that. I like Bad Blood. So y'all tripping. Fucking tripping. They're tripping. You know. Bad Blood Taytay killed Bad Blood. You definitely know Bad Blood. I'm also not asking Roland Stone. That's about their, I think they'd be doing, doing trolley shit just for conversation purposes. That all, that's the game now. That's what, that's what all listen.


That's why I hate music journalism now. Clicky shit. Cliquey shit. Rage Beat. Yeah. Rage. That's a good way to, it's rage beating. That's exactly what It is. You know it's true. It is. Shit. That's fucked Go album right now. What was Number one? If that was number 20, just Outta curiosity that blood was 14. I would, I'd be curious to hear the top 10 in general. Yeah, I'd do the top 10 real quick. Let's go free 10 The Stooges We will fall. Who knows? Nine The Beatles. Good morning. Good Morning. Eight. The who? Silas Stingy. It is White ass Listen. Yeah, exactly. Seven. The Beach Boys Student Demonstration Time. Oh my God. Alright six Simon and Garfunkel Voices of Old People. Stop. Five Black Sabbath FX four Elton John Jamaica.


Jerk Off what? Three Guns N Roses. Wait, wait, what? Wait, slow down. Go back to that one. Elton Johns are freak Freaking freaking boy. That record Joe. Hell the hell. Did John go to what? He went to Jamaica and did Jerked Off. Yo what the, you better. Yo can you find that record? Yo, that's you one. Hear it. It's trash. Yeah, I'm not trash. That was on Yellow Brick Road I believe. Yeah. Oh damn. Oh yeah. Go by. Yellow Brick Road three is Guns N Roses My World. That song is trash too. Two is Pink Floyd sema and one is the police mother. And that's, that would never get rid of Paul McCartney on that list. That's what I was exactly. Yo dog.


Keep Michael Jackson off your white ass list. Man that list was extra white. Super White. I don't even know. Some of them shits. Ingo Extra white. Yo. Those guys are fool. Oh Man. Alright. Right. So we said fuck Rolling Stone. What else in music do we need to get to? Y'all wanna do J Cole versus Freddie Gibbs? We can do it. Yeah. Yeah, let's do it. I'm not mad at it like, Well why are we doing that? It's Freddie Gibbs versus J Cole. Yeah. Why are we doing that? Well Gibbs been shooting that cold. Pretty much I think.


I think it opened the door to say you can't keep talking about how well you rap and how you rap better than everybody if you won't engage. 'cause that's the spirit of hip hop. And I don't think it's, I think that's a little misconception. I don't think Cole won't engage. He just didn't want to get in that with that. I'm not, I also Don't think that battling is necessarily the entire spirit of Hip hop. Exactly. It might not cornerstone the entire spirit, but It is one of the pillar pillars. You gotta be battle tested man to be, to be up there. All of the greats that we name are battle tested. Yes. They, that's that's, that's one of, is Rakim battle tested?


Yes. Is Andres battle tested? I mean like it's some greats battle tested. It is. Yeah. So Freddie Gibbs is tweeted out the yawn emoji then he said niggas be rapping about how they kill rappers and yada yada y careers and blah blah blah. But be backing outta rap beefs. Mm. Alright, so Freddy Gibbs did go on a little Oh yeah, yeah. Run of Instagram reels. Putting Font on the black screen when j Cole dropped cLOUDs. Got it. Alright. So that's how we got here. And then a Lot of, and I guess yeah, Freddie Gibbs has been, Yeah. And then people are saying this is the right person. Like, Hey Cole, make an example outta somebody that's a formidable punk. Why not him?


Okay. That you don't have a personal relationship with. You know that that Kendrick, it ain't Drake shit was going to go way left. Right. So if you want somebody that's a formidable opponent 'cause he is. He is. Yeah. He goes, let's see what you got. And I, and I do agree with Cole says a lot of like, I'll take any of y'all heads off I'm him. You gotta get in the ring at some point. You can't walk around saying, yo, I I'll knock any nigga out in here. Okay. That's a fair, that's fair report. Alright, what's up? Just can't do that. That's A fair. It's still weight classes. It is. He So you're saying what I'm saying that there's still weight classes. I agree with That. So if, Are you saying they not there in different weight classes?


We talking about just rapping. I feel like we've had this talk here before And I said that before That they're not the same way. Oh Wait, are we talking about just rapping? That's all We talking about. This is just rap. Yeah, they're in different weight classes. Who's in a higher weight class? Jake Cole. That's only one up. I think they're in the pretty close to the same weight. One up just in just Wrapping pretty close. It is not the same weight class. It is one Up. It is one up. I think they, they in the same weight class and just rapping. Freddy Gibb. Freddie Gibbs is my man and he listens to this pod. I don't want to come off away taking the other side in this. I just never heard anybody put Freddie Gibbs in j Cole's weight class. I'm not just speaking for Me. And that's, that's, and that's why I think niggas are shooting like yo dog, you be getting more than other niggas that's out here putting pin to pad.


Show me Who have we heard Freddy Gibbs battle? I was about No, I was gonna say it too. It don't matter. I'm Here. It does matter Why I'm here now. Stop it. He hasn't battled that. I know. Stop it. It's hard. No, that's not true. I got some records. He, we got records where he popping his shit and talking and shit. And we can assume who it's about. Those exist, right? Like But the other person got engaged to make it a battle. That's my point. Can can we make the same conversation about Cole? Yes. Yes. Well that's what they were doing. Kind of. That's why I asked it about Gibbs. 'cause if a formidable, if a formidable opponent were to say something, Nicole like Gibbs is, I'm not mad at that.


But if you're saying, yo, you not battle tested. You ran from the fucking battle, you ain't smoking nothing, then I'm looking at you like, all right, who you smoked? I might have shot at nigga, but I shot you back. I shot though. I'm I'll let my gun go. Paul. No, that's not Paul. Alright. Alright. That's fair. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta prove it like you, you saying this, like I said, Cole is the one running around saying I'm out. Anybody. I'm I'm that nigga. All right, well somebody wants to, you gotta show me now. So somebody gonna stand up and say, all right, Y'all know that and, and oh man, I should just shut the fuck up other than nevermind I ain't Talking. What good. You get paid to talk, I get paid for y'all to talk.


True. That's a good one. That's a good one. You got. Yeah, he got it. No, that's a great one. I never heard It is not responding. I dunno. Fuck to do. I'm responding. I Guess. I guess He texted his Attorney. Y'all know that in hip hop, the bigger guy gets to, if I'm Tank Davis, I get to turn down this fight. Of course, but you gotta fight at some point though. Exactly. I I don't think it should be a strike on j Cole's record for turning down a Freddie Gibbs invite. I think it looks Worse if he takes it. You gotta gotta strike somebody. But I don't have to strike the person that show up to my door seemingly trying to get hit.


Here's the other thing for me. If, if after backing out of Drake and Kendrick you then step into Freddie Gibbs, it might look like you got picks. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's not true. I'm just saying that's that's not true. I'm saying that's how it would look to people. That's how it looked to because Love it to you got a legit reason why you didn't jump in that fight. Yeah. And he explained it. If you didn't have That's true, then yeah, it would. But you got a legit reason why didn didn't jump in that fight. Y'all, y'all don't think, again, I'm not trying to rep for Cole. Y'all don't think that, y'all don't think it's possible that he could think that that fight might lower his cachet? No, it could. Oh y'all crazy. I think right now y'all crazy. Listen, you talking about the Freddy Gibb one? I think it does the opposite.


I think he might. Yes. Yes, he might. Thank you. Because I'm people, I'm this, if, if I'm me and I'm all the s up in the world and I'm doing things by my rules and my book and I'm independent and I was in that top three talk, no matter how y'all feel about how I handled it, it was a designated top three legitimately. And now my very next contest is Freddy Gibbs. I could see him feeling like right just in, in namesake and and likeness. That's not where I want to be mixed up at. It's some of these podcasters every day that'd be shooting at me, showing up to the door to get Hit. Hold up Homeboy. They're not Freddy hit. It Is not that. I feel like I can't kill you with the snap of a finger.


It's that me even snapping my finger to you make me look like Yeah, But what? But what? But what? But what? So when you snap your finger, then yeah, but wait, hold on. So why you keep running around saying I'll snap my finger, yo, I'll snap my finger dog. Don't make me do it. Don't make me do it. Yo, it's art of expression. I don't wanna strip MCs of their ability to talk to a hypothetical opponent. True. A lot of people. But June is the same person that came in here and said, yo MCing is based on this, this, this, this, and this. So now if we take that out, stop saying it. What you would've Did, stop. It's not fair. It's Not fair. That's, this is not what I would've did. That's not fair. What I'm, I'm not even gonna leave you leave you leave you to that standard. What I'm saying is this Kendrick Drake Cole are listed as the big three.


So anybody under those two niggas, which you wouldn't shoot at, would be 4, 5, 6, 7, and eight. So now you saying y'all, I'm not gonna come down to shoot at nobody beneath me if you 20. But the point is, if if, and I'm not, no disrespect for Fred gi. Again, I'm a huge fan. Sure, sure. True. But what I'm saying is if Gibb is six, maybe, but if he's 25, he's not 25, he's not 25 than just rappers. He's not, I'm that's not 25, 1 and two. What if j Cole's statement earlier about the Drake and Kendrick beef, we only taking it to apply to that. What if that's a blanket statement about beef to Everybody then to Freddy gis point is stop running around his saying like, you, you, you are murdering any of these Niggas. I don't think that's fair. I feel like, I feel like It's, it's, I understand it. Wait, hold on. I understand it. It's, I'm not arguing against it line and it's a lot of people that's like, yo, I don't want to hear that talk from Cole no more until I engaged with somebody.


But the peaceful niggas hold up for a minute. Flip the, the peaceful niggas while they go in the booth should have the freedom to explore any type of bar that they wanna explore without somebody taking it personally or feel like I'm talking to them. Also killing someone can be in a bunch of different things. It doesn't necessarily mean you wanna battle head, head to head pause. Applicable. I'll kill you on any song. I'll put, put me on a song with anybody. I'm gonna kill him. To me, I feel like it's risk versus versus reward. If Cole win, we expecting to win. If he lose it, it puts a stain on, See I didn't want to say that to Santa away, but if I'm Jake Cole sitting in North Carolina somewhere, what do I gain from that? Letting you niggas know to stop yo. Alright, so it's a Jay-Z bar for everything. Once you get tag lame, the games follow the leader.


So now you, you, you, you, you respectfully stayed outta the other shit. I think that was a logical and rational move for him to do. But now the rest of you little niggas, if I'm looking at you like little niggas not gonna keep playing me. One of y'all gonna get punched in your face. It's like running around niggas smacking your hat off. Right. You in school nigga smacking your hat off. You know you could beat 'em. That's what they did. Smack your hat off. I'm sure your hat got smacked way more than mine. Got chill off Was fought for one and you Were shorter and You think Ice hat got hit hit off his head more than yours? My hat. My hat didn't get hit off my hat didn't either sir. But go ahead, finish Your point though. I ain't have a hat on.


Make some eight Mama just put some Vaseline On, sent him off. Oh. Ain't nobody gonna touch on me With the drag Scully. Yo yo. But at some point you gotta punch a nigga in the face so they can Stop Playing with you. And I think what's gonna happen is if Gibbs shoot he don't say nothing, then the next nigga gonna shoot, then the next nigga gonna shoot. You gotta do something. I think All 'em niggas is fooling their audiences. So I don't, I don't the, I the only, the only part I disagree with in your shit. Yes. We all clown j Cole for the apology. I don't feel like everybody has tagged him as lame. Y'all know who the fuck Jermaine Cole Is. Indeed. I said but you didn't hear what I said.


I said once you get tagged lame the game. I don think that's happened to j Cole yet. That's, That's happening. I think he's saying if Gibson and other people keep doing that and he don't respond that that's what's going to happen. So he gotta stop. That's what by, by by, by pushing back back. He gotta let people know nothing play. I think That Cole along, he became an Easy target to shoot at. I don't think Cole is operating amongst the normal confines of hip hop rules. I don't. Can I ask a Question? Agree with agree. Can I ask a question? I agree with that. Thousand percent. Who is a formidable opponent for j Cole? Yo. Alright, I I'll who's in his weight class? I'll try to answer that as far weight class. But I again, I don't think J Cole wants to beef with anybody. Okay. That's that's My opinion. But I'll, I'll, I'll do it to engage da da da. Nobody, nobody We said at the same time nobody cool.


Nobody. So that's what we saying. If I'm not, if I'm not fighting Drake, if I'm not fighting Kendrick nobody, I'm saying nobody. I still say I I don't think he would want to do that with anybody out there. Cool. Yo niggas that grow the dreads And don't care about jewelry or none of that other shit. Yo. If you came in the game with a Caesar, Seriously 'cause some of these niggas just came in with the baby dreads. No hang time. Look a stupid and dusty and talk about It. But if you came in with a Caesar Got your Bob Molly Bag and in a few years you not only started, started the Drs but went through the weird transition of it looking, popping A speech braids first you had to look stupid for At least six years or some shit.


You know Who else came in the game with Caesar and and got dreads now Ho. Oh yeah. Yeah. And that don't apply to him. I don't know if that, what are you talking about Hov shot at niggas way down here just because none of y'all are gonna play with me. Not Dread Ho. Oh yeah, before the dreads either. Not Dread got some Caesar, Caesar Cole and I ain't gonna lie, Dread cold. None of them niggas shot. We We was shooting at Ho And he shot back. We was shooting back. Niggas are shooting that cold. He ain't always shoot back. Shoot actually Cole, he didn't always shoot back. Yes he did. Cole or you got like a line? Yes, he Who did he shoot back at? Cole shot a little bit though too. He shoot back at Joe. He shot back at Joe? No, he Shot back at Joe. Shut your little ass up. That's what I'm saying.


And then every now and then he'll remind we See that reminder again little nigga. Just in case you forgot. Fuck outta here nigga and gimme your beat. Yo. I ain't, I ain't even talk about that one. No I was talking about all of them Talking about Reminder. Yeah but not just Joe. I mean he shot back at fucking Jim Jones. He did. Cole shot it at Wale and And Ye and them on that shit. Where he is in the back of the bus did the false profit shit. Did false profit and then did I'll see what the game, there we go. Yeah, false Prophets let's go Parks and he Shot it Kanye. Yo you hurt My feelings. Yay. That's you did. That's what shot. I Don't think that nigga's in the rap game is running around looking at J Cole like he's sweet. I don't, I don't care what they say in that booth. I agree. I don't Care what they say behind mouth. I don't think nobody thinks he's sweet.


I don't think Fred Gibbs thinks he's Sweet. That's what I'm saying. I think Gibbs is only even approaching it this way 'cause he knows the opponent that he's talking to. He, I think Gibbs is also confident that hey if he engaged I'm willing let's go. I can hold my own. Yeah I I don't think he's sweet but I ain't Sweet. Yeah Gibson Cole is fucking, he's not as Joe Button shit. Me and Drake. Yeah he's not as Joe Button Shit. It is me and Drake but them niggas knew not to play Nigga. No, by the time I did that, I already had a track record of whatever you wanna call it. 40 and two like whatever you, It is a record, It is a substantial, You document it, hold it to get your shit off. Little Arson, little B some. Some people feel like I lost the game, He lost the ars in little B Some people feel like that button button, I don know button Button shit was effective.


I ain't mad. Shout the game my career's over. It Was effective. It was affected. I smoke games, boots. I Love it. I thought it was great. I didn't, I didn't play with it but that don't matter ain't about me. My point is by the time that happened I Got a tra I got a Record out there. I wasn't Saying that. And that You would engage. Yeah I wasn't saying that. Just zero. That part zero and zero. I got you. Niggas ain't want fucking everybody That's zero and zero gotta shut the fuck up. That's not true. Yes It is because Guess what, you gotta get in the room to get one fight one and then two and then three and oh go Spar get one. Go get one fight one somewhere fight back. No, your first fight ain't J Cole and J Cole's first fight ain't It is Not G's first fight.


I don't think this should be either one of their first fight. This is not G's first fight. Even if they was gonna fight, it's a fight that should be led up to this ain't a first fight. These niggas don't wanna fight no more Then everybody shut the fuck up there And and I ain't gonna lie, these little niggas be shooting. That's why we talking about the rappers right now. We talking about the Wale big show. I got a list of niggas that I think just on sheer marketing should go smoke something. I got a list of people that it don't need to be no problems with nobody. You should wake up and just go pick somebody and smoke 'em. And that's exactly what you would do. Especially if your career fell off a little bit. I'll lie a couple niggas you named, I've been trying to gas a nigga to do that up for months.


Yo let me, let me go knock on, let me go show these nigga how I got yo just, just fire nigga. Just my leg could use go to smoke somebody. No I'm keeping Big Sean out of this 'cause I've seen him attempt to smoke, smoke a cig outside and He in a different space. You know with his whole mental all that stuff that he's on the therapy. Think Sean the one I leave Sean alone. I think Sean's the one he don't want. I wouldn't mind saying somebody up that whole class from last decade. I wouldn't mind if they, they mixed it up. They're too quiet for me. Say what you want about Drake and Kendrick and all these niggas in 2024. Shit Got active. That's true. Absolutely Sure did. And boy what was the entertain look. Yeah, go get active from If the two biggest niggas could get in the ring and start fighting, any of y'all niggas could do it.


That's true. And they don't even gotta go where they shit went. Yeah they shit went that was personal. Personal. They ain't like each other. Yeah that was personal. Niggas could just rap. True. I agree with it. J Cole ain't coming outside with Freddie Gibbs and if he come outside at the wrong bar then Freddie Gibbs might, I mean it's not worth it. Hit him With a bottle. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Nigga rap, He could rap his ass off. You Rap. Both these niggas could rap which turned into a discog for Discog thing online. I'm not doing it. Me neither. I'm not doing it. Nope. Good luck to both of those gentlemen. I minding my business in the event that y'all mix it up, I will be by speaker and and Waiting to go to a microphone.


No, no, no, no I ain't going. Oh yeah. And waiting to go to microphone. Microphone. Oh yeah. To talk about the part about it. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No for sure. For sure, for sure. We know not that microphone. It's not your bag no more. Joe. You are the Doing a lot of highlighting of what's not in my bag today. I was just about to say watches wraps, that's not true. You're doing a lot of highlighting of what's not in my bag. That's not true. Your watch beat me up. Your watch is amazing. I just said your watch cost more than everybody watching in put keep watch, watch, watch, watch. I don know of another watch that he got You making me mad. You got another watch, you gotta go buy some shit. Watch you gotta go some shit Things ain't the gangster and I, I didn't know where your two losses came from so that was me bigging you up.


I didn't know nobody that smokes you in the rap bag. Big me up in a manner to where it won't be confused by some of the audience. Make it direct like a kindergarten's listening. I said, yo, we had two losses. You said 40 and two. I said we're to two I I thought you was about 35 and no from my book. There you go. I think I never lost. He Behold that ain't Battle 21. The fuck you talking about? Didn't Ho did that. But the shoe fly, shoe fly. You listen Crazy if you come outside and, and I come outside and the battle is over and then 6, 7, 8 years later you come back when I'm minding my business and say, if you need a reminder Joe Biden's a bu ass nigga, then yeah, I feel like I did all right at 21, 22 years old.


But if I call you tall task two by the way, but If I call you I'm wasnt battle Tall task at 22 years old, but if I call you Sean Bradley Rapper in the world Yeah that's what I, it wasn't a battle kind of, you know, go ahead, go sit down somewhere. I'll sit the bar this nigga tomorrow And You won't, I'll send a bar at this nigga tomorrow if y'all put the band in, suit Me up and you won't Suit me up. Oh man, It is, Let's see what else, what else, what else is out there in music? All right, there is a word written up there that I won't say, but we already reported that Diddy's attorney stepped back, stepped down from the case. He said he did that because he couldn't morally continue with what he knew.


The whole internet tried to guess what It is that he could know. I'm not gonna play that game because it's too big of a broadcast. What I will say to y'all is, you know what I'll just say, I ain't gonna ask your shit if I did some shit just fo and I get a defense attorney, I want you to defend it. That's a jock. No look. Or even I'm coming to tell you the, I'm coming to tell you the truth about what I did. Right. So you could defend it, find a defense. It is not for you to pull out your moral compass and tell me that you can't continue, yada yada, yada, yada. But there are, Here's the problem. Legally you can't do that. Right. It depends on unless you're mounting an affirmative defense.


In other words, if, if if I'm going on trial for murder and you, my attorney Joe and I say, well yeah, I killed him. You, you now cannot defend me as not guilty. It's Not true. Well not guilty is not the only defense. That's what I just said. Right. So if our, if but if my defense was, I ain't do that shit. It wasn't me. You got the wrong person and opposed who I did it. And then somehow you bump into information where you can no longer deny that, you know, that I was did it. We can either change the defense strategy to self-defense or Yeah. Crime of passion or something like that. Gotcha. We call affirmative defenses. I did it and here's what let's called affirmative defense. I didn't know that. Yeah. But but you, you can't, you can't subor perjury so you can't then go out there knowing as an officer of the court that I did some shit. I'm not saying that's what happened with Diddy.


I'm just saying that's where, that's where lawyers sometimes pull back because they no longer can have plausible deniability. That's why lawyers often say don't tell me shit. So I should tell You the lawyer I don I should, I didn't know that I should lied to my lawyer. Yeah. I didn't know that I want to be offended. You know, a lot of them, a lot of the moms, I mean yeahs lawyers, you know, they, they they knew. They knew then they still went, came up with a defense. But if they ever got caught doing that, oh if they got caught Right. And so It is possible, and again I don't know did, but what about lawyer and client confide confidentiality. Right. But I so you can defend me in a way that doesn't invite me to say something that you know isn't true. Gotcha. Okay. You can raise reasonable doubt without getting me to say Got it.


Like you can't bring me to the stand and, and and and and question me and say did you do it? And I say no and you know I did it because then you play in a party, you born perjury. Exactly. Gotcha, gotcha. You right. That's What, alright, that Makes sense. That makes sense. It makes sense. Yeah. Yo and we don't know if that's what happened with Diddy's thing. Yeah. What what what Diddy's lawyer said that people are reading too much into is he said in and under no circumstances can I effectively defend him anymore. That language people read as, You know, what I found out was so horrendous that I might moral morally am Against it moral. And that's not necessarily the case. The reason when you withdraw as an attorney at this stage in the game, the trial is in May you have to be able to present not just to the court but to the potentially the bar association that you have that there's no way you can responsibly defend this person.


It could be for a lot of reasons. It could be, yeah I gotta, I got surgery and I'm gonna be away for three months. There's no way under any circumstances that I could defend him. Well my family has some shit going on. I can't possibly give this case as much attention as needed. Exactly. But this is the problem with that and And I said this last week, I think that when you come out and you put out this ambiguous language, you open up the door to speculation. Right. And we know that that that the media game is piranhas in the water just waiting around for something to chew on. Absolutely. I think that that was irresponsible of him and I think that is gonna weigh negatively on Puff. But here's the thing. Oh. Oh I was just gonna say I don't know if he put it out in the public or if that's what he said to the, to the judge to judge which you have to do because this Was then made Right What Choice?


A leaky Boat. True, true, true, true. Yeah. True, true. Like I just think that that don't bo well for Puff, you know what I'm saying? Because looks bad's fucked up and it might be nothing. It might have absolutely nothing to do with his case. Could it have something to do with the lawyer? Well in other egregious music news, I don know what y'all's doing this week. Anybody happen to See that in Murder for Hire on the timeline? No, no, no. Yes I saw it. I'm not gonna say the young lady's name but alright. The Dolls are mad at Cash Doll. Cash Doll because she went on Shannon Sharp shit and said how she felt about all these other dolls. Okay. And she challenged anybody who was feeling a way to get in the booth and rap. And rap. Sure. Like Freddie Gibbs is doing But a and doll who I think It is unfair to her that the very first time we speak about her on the broadcast is under this light.


Like if we don't speak about people I like to just not speak about 'em but I just thought this was so wild. Asian doll says now it's called the FBI and the police laughing my ass off. Bitch said she was gonna slap me on stage And I said I was gonna kill her. Now I'm wrong laughing my ass off. This bitch was going to die in real life. I told my niggas we gonna let her do her show. She got kids with her just for the bitch to get on Twitter the next day popping it and then somebody said died for what? Didn't she just troll me and say she left my city untouched and I showed her why, why she left my city untouched. You didn't see the bitch star with me or I'm just saying shit outta nowhere. You hos pick and choose and that's why I don't give a fuck.


See now somebody on the internet and that, that's why the internet needs to break. It's more than that though. She deleted something, she put the screenshot up. I know. Oh okay, go ahead. I know screenshot. I'm not touching her talking. We don't need, we don't need to get into She Posted something that could be seen as evidence. Got it. Okay. And that's why just the trolling shit, I'm not trolling, I'm not Dog Niggas need crook Crook 1 0 1 like I ain't gonna lie, niggas need crook 1 0 1 yo. When we was running around young niggas was doing they best to hide the shit that they was doing. Now these niggas will show you. Yeah I killed them on 34th Street. Right under the stoplight over there. Yeah, go look it's a bullet casing right there in the bushes.


Like they, and then we be mad and we come up here and we and we cape for niggas when they get life or when they be on trial for life, when these niggas is telling you the crimes that they committing and bragging about the shit on records. But you don't think that if social media existed back then the same shit wouldn't have just happened? No. No. Hell no. I think so. Fuck no. He just was rapping about crimes that were being done. Yo bro, that was very, very few people I think come on social media. Social media rap about if social media existed back then the same thing would've happened. And I say that because it was crimes that happened. Look, it was crimes that happened. I said what? I hear you. What? Well don't interrupt for you. I'm gonna say it, lemme finish. It was crimes that happened that we wasn't air out that we heard about because niggas ran they mouth.


Same shit is happening. But now niggas got phones and they running their mouth on the internet now everybody got this. I gotta prove how tough I am. I gotta prove what I'm, I get down like that. Here's how much money I got. I Just gotta prove shit. Everybody didn't grow up in the same neighborhood. There you Go. Here's the difference. No, everybody didn't grow up in the streets A of back in the days, a lot of those people had gangsters actually in their cliques. Which would prevent that. Lemme tell you the difference back, back then, niggas had real old head niggas that torture the rules of the game. Today. Niggas is learning the game from hip hop and rap songs. They learn the game more. Back in the day, you couldn't come outside and do what the fuck you wanted to do today. Niggas could come outside and do whatever with no recourse. So back in the day your old head nigga would've stepped to you and said sit your little dumb ass down before you get everybody locked up.


That'd be my problem. When we get to like comparing errors and shit pre, pre NWA it was like a peace movement. Yeah it was. It was Like it was. So again, everybody don't come from the same hip hop. So when I say that or when Flip say that, say what niggas was doing that back in the day. I can't jump in and say no they wasn't because I don't know if we talking about the same things for me. I was just saying again, hey sorry, Fucking X clan wasn't doing that. Public Enemy wasn't doing that. Kumo D wasn't doing that. KRS wasn't doing that. But he was in gang heavy D Heavy D wasn't doing that. Was running around All doing, Wasn't doing wasn't doing that Was now he was with a gang.


But but but that that's the point. Yeah, but that's the point L Yeah, he was with Yeah man pre, but all of them niggas, they didn't get on the record and start talking about all of the street activities. They did the opposite. Right. Just the opposite. They talked about rapping, fucking Bringing the peace bro. Because They wanted to take, they, they didn't want the light, Salt and pepper. The The gangster nigga niggas was beefing. I'm sorry, go ahead. The gangster niggas didn't want that light on them, right? Yeah, they they this is, this is my money re this is my resource, this is how I get the money. This is how I could change the street money to clean money. So we don't want any type of police or any that type of light on a Attention. We don't wanna be in a picture. Yeah. We don't want to be in a newspaper clean. When Do y think that changed Joe?


When You think it goes by person. If you asking me It didn't change, it didn't change. 'cause some niggas are still outside doing mad crooked shit and they don't want no attention brought to them. Fair me BMF was brought down because they put billboards up If You ask, if you asking, Asking me It is niggas that's getting money. Like Meech was getting money. Well not as many niggas to that level, but they still at the mayor's office on the desk taking a picture. And guess what happens? It is niggas that's getting money and that been getting money for decades that didn't bring that attention to themselves. I'm not saying everybody I've asked y'all when did it change though, bro? It was niggas back then. We, we all seen Frank Lucas movie. It was Frank Lucas, then it was Nicki Barnes.


Yeah, Nick Barnes. It was always that some niggas one of attention and some niggas that didn't. That's since the beginning of the time. What I'm saying now is nigga niggas glorifying some of this shit and now little kids that are coming up under them are looking at them as the, the, the, the the poster boy for doing dumb shit. The niggas that we admired and the niggas that we revered. Yeah. We knew what they reputations was. Yeah. We knew if you crossed a certain line that was your ass but they wasn't sitting around saying, yo, if you do this to me, I'm gonna kill You. This is the, you Just knew you was gonna Get killed. This is common sense. I used to love her. I think the second or third verse. Yeah. And I'm with 'em on some of that. I highlight NWA as changing a lot of what was going on. Gangster rock.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But niggas was conceived to some of that shit. No, it was so when you start talking about the next people in, in the nineties, I probably can't even name too many other people outside of NWA. But if you start a wave and if you plant a seed and wait for it to grow by 99, 2000, 2001, niggas might be spilling the business. It was niggas doing it. They made money from it. It was a lot of gangsta rapper niggas. They made money from it and they took that shit like damn near commercial And, and I ain't gonna lie again, this is why it's bad to compare errors. Right. But fuck it, we here, even if you was doing that in the nineties, it's not the same as you doing it today.


It's a Thousand percent. A thousand percent. Oh for sure. Like in the nineties. I don't think some of the social judge, well no that always existed. But not the highlight ones Joe. At least not to the level that there, it wasn't a cell phone that is tracking your every location pinging off of a site. It wasn't traffic lights that got cameras up there. It wasn't mad shit that is gonna put You right where you said you was when the nigga got killed. So technology and the technological advances were not there when NWA was running around. Not just that everybody at NWA wasn't a gangster And I feel like back then that's true. You needed your, you needed your talent to get a deal.


And then if we found out that you killed some nigga or out outside of that, then oh shit. That's crazy. Today I think It's reversed. It's reversed. Back then the crazy, The street nigga was trying to find the rapper to put on. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Now the Street nigga's trying to Get on It is the rapper. That's true. The Street nigga wants to be the star himself. Now I saw a clip this morning on it on the internet. Oh shit. Where somebody that's crazy was asking Ralo, yo, what was your most expensive, what was your biggest loss since becoming a rapper? And he was like, honestly becoming a rapper. Wow. He said that's my biggest loss. Before that I was a dope boy. I was moving around niggas. No, I had the hot shit on the block. I was making X amount of money a month and I was able to move around accordingly.


Soon as I decided to become a rapper, now I had cameras on me. Kids was asking for autographs, peoples in my face. I couldn't move around no more. The feds was on me. It was just hot. And I'm watching that shit and I'm like, then why the fuck would you become a rapper? See that wouldn't have got asked in the nineties. The niggas wouldn't have became a rapper and shout Tora. Yeah, indeed. So gangster raps, by the way, you know gangs, raps started in Philly. I had a que who who Spoony. Who A rap. Spoony. PSK Man. Schooly Deep First fucking. And that niggas literally PSK, Parkside Killers. That's when people started naming they gangs, naming they shit. And that's the decline to me. Ain't school Of D still locked down? Say What is School of D in Jail?


No. You thinking A steady B Steady Beast. Steady Steady B and them robbed the bank. Right. Steady B and cool C, steady Steady BI for life. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I follow one of these Instagram pages recently that all they do is keep me up with the crime and like what rappers is in jail and for how long and when they supposed to be released. I be watching that shit astonished. Astonished at what rappers think they could get away with while actively trying to be a rapper Now or back Then you It is current. Gotcha. Well they had, they had Steady, steady Be Murder. They was robing banks for the most part. It is current and And that's where Me and Ice, that's where I normally disagree with ice. Right. Because when he get to talking about the rappers that's doing that, those people shouldn't be have Rapper first.


Like they're not rappers. Yeah. They just rap. No, no I agree with that. They kill us. That rap, right? Yeah. Car Thief Of bars. Yeah. Niggas just trying to transition over to something else. But you still this A fucking car thief with bars. It is funny. I was doof as hell locking my steering wheel up with the clubs. You know how stupid I looked? I could never work the club. The club was a weapon. That was just a bat. That was, That was legal. That shit legal on your, that's a metal bat. It was in the backseat. That's it. All right. So I got cue something up. This one hurts me more than it hurts you. Oh shit. Oh wow. Woo. Gotta cue it up man.


I know some of y'all out there sad. Some of y'all are feeling down. Yo. For the audience. I don't tell my cast when I'm about to talk about shit. They have no idea why I'm playing this record right now at all. Playing it for the legendary place that we known as Hooters. Oh yeah. It's a big deal. I thought it was gonna be Joy and fabrics. Are you hanging? Oh, joy and fabric. Joy and fabrics. Joy and Fabric. Joanne Fabrics. It is like 82 stores went outta business. It's like Michaels but, oh, okay. Old school. Michaels. Oh, best in peace. Joanne Fabrics too. I'm black word and you don't knit.


Listen, Hooters is outta here. I thought you were playing it with somebody else. I'm not gonna lie. I haven't seen the Hooters in 15 years. Hooters been ass in 20. Yeah. Now the one thing that probably led to this unfortunate, unforeseen circumstance for Hooters Squeeze is the lack of Hooters Lack the lack of tits. Squeeze. I've been saying for a long time, Hooters start hiring them Aup bitches. Yeah. So when I, so yeah, when I want to go get some fucking wings, Jennifer And C titties. Sarah didn't get it done when she came came up came my table. Tiny B Cup. Not even the fuck outta here, Sarah.


A double B. You know Why? Why? Because The girls with the C's and Ds was going to the other spot that sell wings were perfections. The other spots sell wings too. Now Starless the perfections and got the game on. Yeah. Yo Hooters wings was fired. They amazing. It was, they were amazing. Hooters wings was fired. Clubs got good wings. Oh yeah, for sure. I'm just saying got three wings. I'm just saying I don't want us to laugh off. You Can get 'em to go. You got 'em to go. You got your wings to go. Mermaids got them shits expressed Lu. You come pick this shit up nigga you gonna be outside. Yo, I hated you to say something on the internet.


True. He had curbside pick up. Look at Mark was curbside. He my man alone. He got it. I got outta there, shit. Oh Man. I didn't have no food. I didn't have No food. You ain't even get a chance to eat. I wasn't dead. Go. I don yo. That's Funny. I didn just make a stop. I don't wanna step on the joke. Go Ahead. They rushed me up outta here. That's Look at Mark didn't Finish the song. Damn the shit.


That's hilarious. Alright, Page one on the, you want to be famous pamphlet. Maybe page four is don't be stationary. I don't just walk in and be stationary nowhere. You got to move Quick. Facts. I'm in and outta here and learn how to power walk. I know it feels uncomfortable as a man. No, that nigga, no that nigga really does do that though. I power walk. No, I and I ain't sitting nowhere for no extended period of time that Nigga walked. Yo. This is before like, this is a long time ago. Way before Driver, when you used to be in New York clubs, you had to park blocks.


Man we had come outta home against house this nigga be, you know nigga n me to the side. That nigga used to be home like, yo, my nigga slow down short. He was a hype right there. This nigga Like look, distraction. You know that's Just, that just, yeah. Oh shorty. Ice you the one lining. Yep. That's how it's that. Yeah. Yo, that nigga used to be hauling ass food. Tastes good. Listen, I was outside during Mars 2112 where I just was standing on the corner smoking a cig. Nigga, nigga, that's when this nigga up kids was walking. They just came. Hey nigga. Oh shit, look At this. Look at this nigga puffing away right here. Hey, get it up nigga. Oh, At the March 21, 12.


Yeah. You got robbed at March 21, 12? No. Oh, I ain't get robbed in March 21, 12. They definitely tried to rob me in March 21, 12. They ain't see deal. I was by myself on the corner. But deal was leave. Deal wasn't fault. Yeah, Deal fixed out they left. Yeah. Shout out to anybody. Whoever kept niggas off me Ish. You welcome. Ish didn't do nothing Ish. Ish was Afraid. So, oh, whatever was coming Ish was afraid and didn't wanna die that night. I was with death. I was all the way with the death nigga. Him and his knife. Which night? I said him and his knife. Which night?


Oh shit. He's cool bro. Yeah, You ain't save nothing. Yo didn didn't save nobody. I Didn't. You got it. Look, Also, did y'all hear about the trick that DoorDash was doing? No. Let's Herem. Alright, pull out my phone. DoorDash had to pay it up. DoorDash was not, not paying tips to the drivers. Oh, oh, oh shit. That's fucked up. The drivers were getting tips. Wow. But DoorDash was not giving it to them. That That's fucked up up. That's fucked up. That's some bullshit my nigga Od because I'm, yeah, that's wrong. Them feess be high as hell. They are.


Do you really feel it's wrong Mr. Tipster? I'm a great tipper. He's a great tipper. I am an absolute I'm one. If I'm sitting down, probably one of the best Tips in the, I I told you Mr. Tipster. Yeah, I don't play it like that. But you do need to give people their tip. DoorDash slap with a $16.75 million penalty for cheating delivery workers out of their tips. For example, if DoorDash guaranteed a worker $10 and a customer tipped $3, the worker was only paid $10 with DoorDash using the tip to meet its guaranteed pay. DoorDash is deceptive model tricked workers to line their own pockets. That's Fuck that. Yeah, That's fucked up. Get 'em. That's whack.


And they work for so little. Yeah, that's, that's not cool. And the snow, all types of shit coming Out. $9 charge you over. There's bicycles. Nah, for real. Yeah, you Idiots. Is there, is there a limit? Oh, go ahead. I'm sorry. Alright, just a quick question Mark. Feel bad For them niggas, just explain devil's advocate. No, I I do, but I do have a limit on what, what? I'll tip them depending on what I'm buying. I, I, I've decided that this year for, and I I Why you looking me like that Ish, bro? I'm looking at you speak my brother. I think you don't know what your face look like. You don't know a lot about him. I'm Just looking at you. I'm just looking at you. He likes facial self-awareness. You'd be like, Hmm, nah, I'm just looking at And the sentence stands if you just take facial out.


No, I'm just saying like, I, I give you, I give you an example. Like if I buy sushi sometimes, like if I'm in New York and I buy it from blue ribbon, it's very expensive. Right? Door DoorDash and sushi. Go Ahead. Look, sometimes I be on set. I just want something healthy. Right. So if the sushi comes to $300, do you, I have to tip the driver $60 to bring me one box of sushi. That's, that's this big. Yes. Yeah. Why? Tell me why. Because you have a wedding band to match every Rolex. That's, that's one. No, I I tip 30% in general. I tip goddamn. Damn. So tip him 20. Yeah, but 20% on three, on three on, on, on on. So yeah. So your 30% is contingent upon the price. I think there are exceptions. There are outliers or, or like I just bought, I just went to the juice bar.


I bought a juice and, and the chili shit came to about $20. Then I bought two bags of gummies. So now my bill was 120. I now have to tip at the takeout right there. See, you see what I'm saying? Now? Now I got the new takeout tip. Shit is getting outrageous. But if somebody drove through New York on a bike to bring you your fucking blue ribbon sushi. What if it's a car got hit by a Cat, then you're not getting tipped. Because buy a vehicle and don't bring me my sushi on a bicycle. But No. Not on what? No. That's the easiest way. That's the fastest way to Get a a scooter. Scooter. Moped don't come to me on a bike. My rule is if I go in the spot and I don't sit down, I ain't tipping. But Then there's a difference between $300 and you being served and $300 and it being takeout because the, because the service is what you're tipping.


Yeah. Service. I always tipped 30 I tip, i I tip. So somebody just picked it up and Brought it to you. Then the 20% doesn't really kind of factor in. That's my thing. If it's a Pizza short, if somebody picked it up and Brought it to you, it's a service. No, It is, It is a service. But it's not the same thing as waiting on me. Yeah. It doesn't have to be the Thing saying shit. It is more all, I don't know what you talking about. Shit. Now let's saying if you go, I understand what you saying It is coming back, sir. Everything okay? You want another water, you want another juice, you want another drink, blah blah blah. You understand? It's back and forth. Understand I'm saying that it's equally as important. It is more to me or more, but at least equally. I ain't have to leave my house. The person that's picking your food up, not digging in the bag to spit on it or give you fries. The person that you trust in to give you your food. I think as the restaurant delivered it, that person deserves it.


Got it. To me High. I think that that's all of That type of shit. You think That's, I think that that just puts the bar in hell. 'cause the, I think that's basic decency to not spit on my food. No, no. Maybe possibly. I'm doing some Canada shit right now. The bar is in hell. That number one, the bar number one is in hell in hell. And two, if you black in America, they teach you very early that people can spit in your food. Yes. That's not for us to say the bar is in hell. That's just knowing people do that. Humans Yes, they do that. Yes. If you get to this drive through showing your ass, they gonna spit. I'm gonna put a nice slab, a phlegm on your fucking, what's that shit you be ordering? What'd you be ordering? What'd you say? I make a special wonton soup for you.


Yeah. Dog ramen. I'm, I'm tipping somebody for they re putting fle and and they gonna rag your quarter pound to bun through the floor. All type what they do? Bullshit man. Some of 'em do bullshit. I know that. But a lot of times we're worried about that when we are in the establishment and not in the takeout. Because you Don't pay for your food a lot. Huh? I You know what? Listen, listen, Listen, Listen. Mr. Narrative, I have had it with you in these fucking narratives. Yes. I make my own food. Yes. I order out a lot. Yes. I tip very fucking well because I've been in the service industry. Okay. No Mel, all of those Are lies. They are not lies. They are not fucking lies. What percent of your time do you pay for your food? Maybe 75, 80.


You got it. Alright. Anyway. Don't to believe you. That's not at the room. Don't turn. Don't just look at me when matter. That is of no consequence to me. I believe. Mel, Thank you. I believe Mel for that 80%. Five. Thank you. 75, 80. She said 90. I wouldn't have believed it. 75, 80 I believe. Okay. 65 too, Mel. Thank you. 65, 60, I would believe. Okay. All Right. I would believe Mel. All Right. Moving right Along. I stand with Mel, nigga Mel, when Mel go outside with people, she not put, she going to the bathroom. She not putting her hand in her pocket. I would agree with that. Not even going outside without fishing. She, I don't think she's fishing though. And A lot of the time people, I, I'm picking up the bill, But at seven. Really? Yes. Alright, Mel. All lie. Fuck it. Now I'm about to clunky. No, It's especially if I'm, we were rooting for you.


Especially if I'm writing off the meal, pay Them back the cake money. Okay. If I'm out with some of my team members, Pay them back the cake money then Mel, we not count, we not talking about chicken. See you suck your Teeth piss because he keeps on, he keeps on trying to like, like I don't think She eats out six days a week. I don't. You get what I'm saying? That's why I think she pays her old bill. That's like my makeshift Tupperware comes in. I don't think Mel pays when she goes out, but I don't think she goes, she doesn't pay when she go out. Yeah. But I don't think she goes out even twice a week and she get away with it. Niggas don't even think twice too. Pay for mail. 'cause she, she, I hope not. While the bill comes, she's told her, Hey you she, she's, she's distracted you. So you're pulling out your wallet. See That, I mean are we just talking about dates? Are we talking about just regular friendships, Not dates, friendships as well?


No. With friendships. No, I'm, I'm pulling out my card. I'm not gonna make an as assumption that just because you're a man, you're gonna pay for me if we are just friends. I shake my hand on that all doing, I'm not doing that. I'm pulling out my credit card. If you take it, that's a whole other But Justin, The pump that the girls know, you pull your card out, you sit on the table knowing that he gonna be like, no a little lady put your money up. I got it. Card don't even make the table. There's some motherfuckers that Will put your little discovery card up. Mine Discovery, put Your little discovery card. Said These shit on cover. Niggas discovery. Discover. I don't have Discover. Told you Capital One just got a credit card at when she was 46, 42. Your first? Yes. Okay. Technically it wasn't my first.


I was 18 and that whole you we were talking about how in 18 they really get, they get you the predatory shit. Yeah. So I ran that shit up and then I was like, fuck credit cards. I didn credit. I didn't trust myself. So it was just cash. Cash was king to me for many, many, many years. You had a credit one card. Credit one some bullshit. They had that bullshit. You got, they got me. I paid that off years ago. But they had me for a long Time now. It was like a Visa and a Victoria's Secret. Card. Card. What card Did you Slap down now on the table? My mileage plus Visa. Got it. Yeah. I'm trying to get points and Shit for travel. I didn a lot of points. He don't give nobody his points. I'm trying to increase my credit Portfolio. Yes. And she pull out the mileage plus visa.


I too am going say what's the bank That The bank, that's the gracious what Bank mileage. Yo, Put that Chase. That's tier one. Okay. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Let's go. Okay man. No It's not, It is not what he's saying at all. He is, he is shaming me. He's credit shaming me right Now. Got wrong. Okay. Is everybody In this room's credit? I credit Score? Yeah, now. Now we didn't assume You. My shit is good now, nigga. We don't watch your fucking mouth. We don't believe it. What's, what's good? What, what's good? What's a good number? Five 90? Nah, nah nah nah. It's like five 80 right on the no but a sneeze away from 700 A sneeze all Wouldn't. I'm being honest. I mean that's, that's respectable.


It's decent. It's decent. It is decent. Decent. The good is Like you could definitely get a rush card. Mid sevens. Shit. Listen Iced get You some Yo AO Mark be mindful. I want no smoke. I withdraw your rider. I want no problem. Yes I can. Yes, but I get a lot of cards man. Yeah I know you can. Yeah. Plus you get money so you don't need the cards in the same way. Stop Playing a lot of things. Your cash, Actually you just did get a card so your credit might be good. But now if you run it today they gonna see a, You got four 80, they gonna get you a car. Yeah. You coming off that lot with a car. Oh yeah nigga. What I saying?


27%. You got a real nice crib. You got a real nice car. What I been saying lately, you doing that too? You get real nice crib Down. I'm saying I believe him because I see how he's moving out here. I think if they try to run it again, I don't got a CPM. I'm about to get one. If they try to run it like now. Hey yo Joe. Lemme say something Be a little stretch. They they gonna, I'm say That's what he's saying. I don't agree with that. They gonna look and eh, Where your shit at nigga? Is it close to eight? Oh, I don't know. All right. So before you talk to anybody else, check yours and then come and credit shame us and be like, yo, you got anybody else where your shit at? You could sign with this shit. You got a lot? Yeah, you got a lot of buildings and shit. Where your shit at nigga co-sign. This shit is stellar. I guarantee it. I'll put my money in Ish. This shit is not, lemme see one of the highest credit scores.


He about to pull it off of me. Shit. I, I don't believe him. I think it could have been but he ate Its co Ish. Nah, I'm gonna pull it up. Nah it shit. You gonna pull up your credit score. Hurry Up nigga. Wait, where you going experience? Nah, TransUnion. It is six 40. Who Was six 40? I'll tell you. Six 50 tops. Keep going. That's what I got for you. Nah, It is about an eight. Yeah I feel like he might have seven. You think it at eight? It is about seven. I gotta miss seven 50 Ain't moving. Nobody. I you deer around my we shit at Shit ate something. Credit score man It is never did that shit. Look at Nasty. You ever move somebody? I uud Around. Shit's hurt. So you did it before. You do. Hey you know what I can do? I can show you how to put the I uud in.


Hold on. This is how you do it. You freak out. Boy. I do have a music question for y'all. Rihanna recently was talking about that she's working on her album and she's been working on her album for the last however many years. And an's the only album that she can listen to. Straight of hers straight through without skips With no shame. Yeah. With no shame. So I wanted to ask y'all if Rihanna drops tomorrow, what do y'all think the first week looks like? Woo. Insane. Insane. Eight. Yeah. Damn. Single Big single. Let's give her singles. She gotta have a single. Yeah. Oh she dropping a single. Wait, wait, wait. What single like is it a That's I said big single eight and a half a box. It's a Rihanna. Single Rihanna. Rihanna might do it. Yeah.


Rihanna might do what? I think re with a blonde drop gets you seven with no promo. Single Rena might get you views, numbers. I don't remember what views numbers One, 1.2 Views did one point something. Week one It Was and I came in and shitted on it. Lemme Double check. I don't wanna, I don't want to mis misspeak. Yeah. Y might just be Gg. It did a million I think somewhere. So you, you have Rihanna doing eight. You said eight Ish. Six Ish. Maybe more. Six Yeah. Views. Did 1 million, 40,000 God damn. First week Had hotline bling and control one dance and worked already. Or one dance. One Dance. One dance. Yeah.


That Cheesecake Line bothered me. That's The line that bothered, bothered you. The Cheesecake Line. 'cause Drake was not at Cheesecake Factory But he loved to Go there though. Bitch see his cheese. He loved to go there. That's just like on the new album. What he talking about? He had to make the girl, the girl had to move outta mom's crib. It is credit it. This nigga nosy credit. It is, It is cool. It is cool. It is not you. Yeah, he tucked it. Yeah, he tucked It is an idiot. What Mark said his credit is cool. What Mark said Seven 50. Yeah. Great. I'm gonna that a little higher.


That's awesome. That's awesome. Credit Score. I know, but It is, you can do anything with that. But It is just, it's not for Ish though. Here go to 80. Why are you looking so stupid in the face? Because you go to seven 50. I don't have a seven 50. You got seven Was highly It is. Alright. This Nigga can't put your phone out. Monster. I didn say Can you three participate in my Rihanna question? I said, I said, Oh Yeah. I'm, I'm with Parks like around 800. She might, she might hit a mill. She she would be close. A mill is tough. If that single goes she be, she would be close. I agree. You come to mermaids with me. I agree. We get knocked out together There gonna lock me off.


You agree? I I no, I do. I think Rihanna would hit closer to what views it hit if the first single really go. I think her fans had just been starving so long for new music that they, they just without, without a single, I, I gotta add 500. I don't put that as All Joe More, more, more without us. I just think people were Starving here. And that's, that's no doubt. That's not the doubt. Her ability, I'm, I guess I'm just putting a cap on music fans. Mm. So you think that Kendrick could do for GNX did GN X did what? Three 19 I And that's a surprise drop.


No single. No nobody. Not just that. Kendrick don't transcend all audiences like Rihanna does. And I think Rihanna is more widely spread a amongst age demographics as well. So not just social, you know what I'm saying? But age as well. I think she definitely could double what he did. I'm not mad at that. I'm, I'm not mad at five to six. I'm not ready to jump and say and If that first single is a that's why that's, that's matters. That first single. She also said that she was like, do not expect this to be a commercial record. This is not gonna be traditional like what you, But I think everybody say that to to, to get expectations over here. But even I also don't expect Rihanna to put music out. I don't give a fuck what she's saying.


Yeah. I don't think, I don't think there's no Music coming out. Ain't no music coming out Like Rihanna's. So she's beast diverse in what she can do do musically, bro. It don't even gotta be a commercial shit. But I am at a B. She's up a B. Yeah. She's a BAB. Fuck. What? What B? Billion. Billion? A couple of them. Oh, 2 billion. Oh, pardon. Pardon Itself. She's two Bs. Fuck. Shout. I had another question I wanted to ask. She Worried about his babies. Mm. Facts. Just in me attempting to profile y'all in your miniseries or movie that you're watching, would you prefer to see the villain and see him operate as a villain? Or have to guess who the villain is?


Guess I love A Kuah. Yes. I love to guess. I like to watch because now I wanna be right. I wanna be right because I like to guess. But what's the shit that we liked with the nigga in Europe? Popping Niggas, Ashley and the oh The dude in Europe. That was damn jackal. Jackal. Yeah. I like that. We knew it was, I was ruined. We was rooting for that nigga. Most villains don't pull it off in that manner. That make you kind of empathize. They likable with him a little bit. Likeable. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So if they could do it and pull it off like that. You'll root for the villain. I like a likable villain. I like Penguin. Me too. Yeah, I like to watch how they mind work. Yeah. I like, I like to watch you put me under That shit Penguin. I like penguin. Penguin. Penguin had us rooting for him a little bit, but most times I like the suspense or the not, not knowing I think makes a good series where it's not predictable.


You gimme a good finale where Oh shit. Oh shit. I never would've guessed that there was this motherfucker right here because somebody said in, and It is not even a spoiler alert 'cause it's somebody's opinion. They said that they think the son killed the father. I could See that. I could See that. That's where they're leading us to think. They said they think the son killed the Y'all ain't watched the last episode. Oh this. Oh yeah. We are not about, I'm not saying nothing about it. We paradise out. I didn. The bands are revolting against us. They said not one more word of fucking paradise. So cool. I don't think they like it as much as we do though. That show is fine. I'm starting every other se series we've talked about. They've been cool with it. Sure, sure, sure, sure. But this one, no. They get mad about spoilers. Always. Yeah. Not the spoilers.


The show itself. We talk too much about a show for the audience to be so large. Everybody didn't see the show. Like some of the shows are still niche and us up here, some of us are TV people so we catching it early. Some Nigga some 3:00 AM 1, 2, 3, 4. Y'all different bro. No, they, they more different than I am. Don't put me No you with, I don't count y'all Parks are with Them As a TV person. When y'all went, y'all went through that shit the other day. This when I knew I was a mu. Y'all went through that shit the other day. HBO versus Apple. Yeah. I was like, Oh yeah, that's fire. Oh yeah, that's fire too. Oh yeah. I'm like, I never heard of that shit. I used to Parke over. That's one. That's a man shows is five, four or five years Old though.


So you didn't know you was a mug when you was, when you, a girl told you can't watch down on the living room tv 'cause she was watching something Upstairs. No, that, that wasn't really inkling that I was a Oh that was sweet. That was cute. Blow blown, blown away. Good. Oh okay. It's 3 million people wanted. No, I didn't know. I know I, Hey, What's wrong with You? Right. I just want y'all to always be aware of how many people are, But my man has some on his face so I was doing him a service. Like I'll do the safety Thing for you. I love that you did that the five minute bit to carry afterwards. Blow minute nigga's watching We back. Got you. We back now look now like a dick. Take it out. Nah, that's all We good. Exactly. I don, that's why they rooting for me to go to Mermaid.


They rooting for Me. I wanted to ask y'all something else. Well, do you have anything y'all wanna ask me? What's Your stance on that? On what the Villain Villain? The Villain versus Yeah. As much as I love to guess, I don't think anything beats a charming villain. Exactly. Do you have a favorite villain? Like in Recent history? No, I love tv. I love TV too much. I don't have a, me and my girl fought recently 'cause she said night agent wasn't night agenty enough for her. And I was like, well what do you mean season two? Yeah. I was like, well what do you mean? And she said when he, I could hear y'all when there's 3 million people. She said when he went up on the trolley in the air with homeboy, the villain dude and the villain dude got him to be down with the plan.


She said that he should have to some shit up. I said, well the villain dude put him up in the air on the trolley to where you can't do nothing. And she said, all right. What about when it got down? I said, this niggas down there with hammers this whole place surrounded. They on a dock. I thought that was a smart villain move. Do y'all remember seeing, I'm talking about I didn't, I I heard my season two. It's fine. It's not even that important. Fucking, I just finished watching Zero day. Okay. Zero day something on Netflix. It is a quick six episodes starting today. Robert De Niro and Angela Bass. Angela Bassett. It's amazing. I'm In, I ain't see it. I didn didn. Didn't See that yet. Yeah, I didn't even heard about It. It is good. Yeah. It wasn't a lot of promo on it. It is a good show. I won't spoil it 'cause it's new. Go ahead and watch it. Don't worry.


You gotta watch the Baldwins. I don't know what that is. It's not H it's a series. The series goes bald. It gives us unfiltered access into the highs and lows of one of the most, the world's most famous and infamous families. It is. Like I, yeah. Baldwin and his wife and his kids and his wife Rio. Hello. They tried to do some, some little PR shit. Smart. Yeah. They got a whole series. I'm not watching the back wall. I couldn't watch what you was saying about zero date. It's just good. How, how Does you, how do you rank it in comparison to Paradise? Because I heard they similar in plot a little bit. I don't, I don't think they're similar at all. Mm. Like outside of there being a president.


Okay. Zero day is about, zero day is about domestic terrorism and a cyber hack. My kind of shit. Yeah, I heard It is dope Got me. And how you deal with, how you, how you deal with that type of cyber attack. Gotcha. I don't get that from, that's like some 24 shit Paradise. It's a little different. But there is a president involved. Mm. What else? What else? What else? What else did I have for y'all? Do y'all See that people are mad at Lizzo about losing weight? Yes. I don't understand that one. She looks great. I get it. I Understand. It looks amazing. I get it completely. I understand it too. The whole thing was body positivity and body image and, and all of this that you fl it in our face for years.


Now you go and lose the weight. She went to go get healthy. Like what the fuck is the problem? I was about to say that. So we, she went to get healthy so We on she might that based on health. Yeah. I'm just saying I understand that people being upset with that. My adult, I get it. My unpopular opinion is this is the problem. I, I support body positivity. I don't think we should body shame people. However, I think we entered a moment where we just pretend being really, really overweight is healthy. And part of why people are mad at Lizzo to me is because Lizzo is part of the people saying not just that you should be positive with this, but this is okay. This is, there's nothing wrong with being extra a hundred pounds. This is healthy, healthy, healthy. And then when you lose a hundred pounds and you like, oh it's 'cause you know I'm trying to live better and be healthy. It's like what the fuck? That's what, that's what they was telling You. Right. Right. I just, I just don't like that. And again, like I get it, I respect people's bodies.


People should show up in the bodies they want. But I hate when people pretend that it's not okay man. They told us we was wrong when she showed up at that Laker game and people had something to say about it. We was wrong about that. Oh what she was wearing as up. Yeah. When everybody said we don't wanna See that. Like you shouldn't be dressed like that Liz o but I don't wanna see it. Not because she's fat. I don't wanna see a skinny person do that. Oh I do. Well then that's that, that I can see the problem. I ain't gonna See that. You can't say, you can't say like the bigger you are the like you got a dress code at the game. You shouldn't say that. Yo. You good Boy. Ain. I'm being honest.


Whether I find it attractive or not ain't the point. I'm not telling somebody you can wear that. You can wear that. No. No chill. Wear them sweats. I'm just saying. I don't want see it. Yeah, but they shouldn't be shaming her for that. She does look good. Shout Lizzo. She looks really nice. Yeah, she looks, yeah, she Looks really nice Liz. Congratulations. Hopefully you continue on your, on your journey. That that's fine. I thought body shame was fun. They, They put a halt to it for a little while there. Listen, if the world wants one less accountability system than fine, Yo do you Yo you are a monster. I mean it was an accountability system. That's true. Go to school with your body in the old type way. Go ahead. Whoa, Whoa, whoa.


I like seeing you like this. Like What? Oh Shit. And you'll sit the fuck down outfit. Say more words. How, what is, how is this? Sit the fuck Down. Last, last, last. I'm not gonna objectify you. Last few pods you showed up here looking like a little hot tamale. Mm. And you took a little trip for the movie promo stuff that you was doing. Mm. And now you're back. Little lazy. Lemme see your shirt. I like your shirt. What did your shirt say? Man, I Love it. You got the fresh back from a flight mustache. Oh, leave it alone. I am not responsible for what my face. You could tell when somebody just was doing too much. Like when you've been in the game for a long time, you could look at somebody and tell, alright, they had a a active week and now they're sitting the fuck down.


Mm. So those are my more words. Okay. There you go. All right. Am I off? Am I there? Yeah. Wildly, Wildly off. Wildly off. So you're not sitting down. We, we, we lit still. This is a, this outfit's a little comfy. I did land very, very late last night. So yes. I I was not coming in fishnets in a dress. Absolutely not. However, we did have celebrations. Alright. I'm not objectifying You This morning. I was almost late to work because Trippy Fontaine decided to get on YouTube and tell his side of the story. Don't call him Trippy. Please.


What's his name? Unless You know him personally to call him Trippy. Oh shit. That's your nickname Trip. That's crazy. That was Wow. She chuckle my man in groups. You trying about man, you trying to be down With that nigga. Do you know him? Yes she does. You know Trip Q-Tip, Leonardo DiCaprio Snoop. You'll not sit in the fuck, just sit down. I mean You know She know Seal 25 years of business. She no c2.


Ooh. If I really felt like Coming up off the stories that I have but okay. Anyways, so Trip Fontaine, Trippy Fontaine. You Don't change nothing. Now I'm gonna do it more because I know you mad Trip Fontaine got on YouTube and decided to tell his side of the story Trip Fontaine is a podcaster and he was on tonight's conversation. Y'all know we've been trying to follow why tonight's conversation broke up. He's been silent. He's one of the stars. So I did want to hear from him and I'll play it on One of my lives man. And my fault for giving you something that somebody else leaked 'cause niggas was scream recording. Now this is like a 25 minute piece.


I'm just trying to play a little bit. So you Small market team, you get it. Milwaukee Bucks. We got three superstars on the team. That's Kea, Randy, ACE. And I'll say by the time we hit the road, by the time I even really got there it was probably like Kea, Randy and Probably, probably Ace for real. Like probably Kea. Randy Ace was probably the ones that everybody and and Richie everybody came to see. So you got like your big three, kind of like your four, this your, this your cap, it's your salary cap. There's no big company in Milwaukee to sponsor the team like you, you know, you kind of reaching to get the sponsors and shit like that, right?


It is your salary cap. Then you got me who come outta nowhere who was really brought in to be the sixth man. 'cause I started out on this, this like lower tier podcast. You knew Joe Biden relationship one was uncut. That's why I gotta give a bigger up the Rico and all them. 'cause they, they made the platform what it was. That shit was built on like key to shoulders literally. Got you. So, so I, I end up getting brought up into the, into the mix just 'cause like I had been a live performer. I had been a trained speaker. I had done TEDx already. So like me on stage improvisation like this was this my bag regardless of what we talking about. Then I blow up On a rookie contract, which ain't no problem while I'm on that rookie contract.


My 30 points a game. The greatest shit that ever happened to the team while I'm on my rookie contract. You had like a German Lynn, remember German Lynn was super hot except this wasn't no fluke. So when it come down to Rotation, the more minutes you give me, the higher my averages become. Granted I'm sharing a rock. This means certain people gotta fall out the Rotation. This means that certain people not getting touches the way that they used to. This means that certain people not getting plays designed for them the way that they used to. And it also means that the money gonna get tighter when these renegotiations come around. Now if my 30 points a game proves to be efficient and you only gotta give me 25 minutes to get there, I don't know if you going to get them minutes back and I don't know if you gonna get the money you asking for either.


He might prove to be a little bit more valuable in the next few seasons. Much more youthful. People don't know who he is yet much more marketable because people don't know who he is yet we can mold him to our program. So there was an opportunity in your mind if, if you were approached with like, hey we going to make you the franchise player. They didn't plan on me being a franchise player. But if they would've came to you said then yeah probably would've been, hey we gonna maybe put this person on the bench, restructure this and lean into what we see as the data shows. Yeah. It might have worked out but they were trying to maybe.


Yeah. Yeah. But I do think, you know, things happen as they supposed to. I get the CliffNotes, he went on to say in the same very same interview that they went on a historic run. They went on a three year run of touring, selling out venues of 4,000 seats. Wow. Killing it. They did It. I've seen it. Yeah. 4,000 seats. He said there were other stars of the show, but he came, he put on, he was happy with his contract. At the end of the contract he asked for more. They didn't give it to him, they wouldn't budge. Wow. That's the long and short of it. He said any other problems that he might have had on the show he dealt with in person but him.


He said the only problem, the only problem with him, the only time he was vocal about a problem that he didn't handle in, in person with somebody was him and other cast members coming together feeling like, okay, if we come together maybe we can all get paid. And he said that didn't happen. What is everyone's take on that? Here I'll off. I don't really have a take about it. 'cause he left. Yeah. Now you know my take he left. So if you ask for something and if you ask for what you want and you don't get it and you feel like you can go out in the field and get it, then by all means chuck the deuces and go handle your hand. And I think and I think that could be done amicably amongst adults.


Like I think if we don't agree, especially if the agreement is only based on money. Like if it's only based on money. Right. And I Use the word only, but I Get no like if we just Can't, money's a lot. That's a big one. No, but I'm saying if we don't have any other issues, you get what I'm saying? The only issue is we can't agree on, we can't agree on the compensation piece, then I think that could be done amicably and it's no harm, no foul. You see what I'm saying? I could see you in the street. What up my nigga, da da da da da. How everything moving da without, And he didn't come off as salty or, Or any of that. He's one like yeah, he the one that didn't really, Oh you know him too. He ain't come out for a while and say nothing. This this been going on for months and months and months. You know him, right?


Nah, I mean he cool with me but we ain't peoples, you know what I'm saying? But he handled, he handled it like yeah you so you yo nigga you second run off nigga. Everybody go to it. To have that ability has to feel good. I know you don't wanna play modest, the ability to just attract others. The ability not attract like a, just to make people come into, you know, want to come into your orbit, your environment or your orbit. I think the kids call that Riz. Yeah. Ooh, shit. You young nigga. Yes. You went to Atlanta, learned the word, You got Ariz for real people fuck with you. I don I'm I'm a fan. I'm a fan. But, but I think that's your game. I'm an a fan.


I'm a fan of yours and they really a fan of yours. I'm not a fan of everybody. So I think that not a fan of my life. Like I saw, I'm a fan of yours. I, I went to tonight's conversations. I I think like he's saying the numbers spoke for themselves with regards to his value to the show. So if they couldn't agree on the numbers, they couldn't agree on the numbers. Because a lot of times it even, let's, let's take us, I don't know what the, this show generates and I think a lot of times people by Design Yeah, Of course, of course. That makes sense as it should. I think, I think that a lot of times people will overestimate what a show might be generating and, and and they, you know what I'm saying? Oh yeah. You, you come to a thing there. Like if I came in here and said, yo, I want 200 grand a month and the show only generates two 50 a month, it's like issue out your mind or something that's impossible to do because I may not know what the show generates and I might be over-inflating it.


You get what I'm saying? Do you agree with the part that, 'cause you, we had a conversation like that you and I as far as like it has to be a collective in order to get what we want. So do you agree with him when he stated that him and the cast members should have work in unison in order to, I don't think and what they call it in a coup, a coup. A coup. I just haven't seen that work. Well That's not really a cos coup. That's that's Overthrow, that's like a you said to Nation in this clip co Semi semi coup. It's a semi coup. I didn't play The rest, but he said me and the other cast members got together and felt that that might be the best way for all of us to get paid. Oh that, no, that's in a coup. Oh, Not that well but that, that arrangement co wait, that's a coup but that arrangement within like a business situation Oh shit would be called asking for favored nations.


See what happens is even in that situation or in in their circumstances, I Mean like it's realistically it, it, it alleviates never heard before. A lot of problems. What Did illegal? I disagree. Favored nations. I don't Even understand what I don know if that means, okay, favored nations basically means we all get paid the same amount. We agree, we agree that this is our cap, this is what we're all gonna get. So that nobody's backbiting and fighting over who gets more. That's not what they did. No, I I know that's what I'm saying. Favored nations is and that's what he's saying. He's just like, I was trying to get the cast together like friend, cast Cast. That's not what he's saying. That's not what he's saying. He's Not saying anything about, He's saying. So let's just say me, you on flip, we want to come to Joe and say, yo, we want more bread. Yes. You make 2000. Flip makes 2000.


I make 2000. Okay. I might think I'm value that 10. You might think you value that five flip might think he valued at seven. Nah, nah, 15. Okay. We all not coming together ask for 10, 10 10. We just are asking for a raise collectively because we are the three cogs on the show that make the show go forward. So if we come and band together to say, yo, you can't lose all three of us. Now we kind of putting the pressure on him like we got the leverage. Is that considered a coup, semi, semi Question for you? How successful do you think that tonight's conversation's gonna be without trip? It's going. I think what happened, I think this is what I think they did. I think that Because from what I understand it was solely just money.


If he asked that, he asked, he asked for a price. Yeah. And that's it. Yeah. He, it didn't, it didn't get reached. So I feel like a bitch ass nigga talking about these niggas business. But what I think is, I think they'll still persevere. I think that what they did was highlighted trip so much that he almost became the face of the show. You know what I'm saying? For good reason. 'cause he was killing shit. I think so. I think they gave him the Leverage. He was killing shit on the show Killing shit. So I think they gave him the leverage and I think he used the leverage to negotiate with, and I think they might have did a mistake mistakenly from a business perspective. It's like if every clip up here highlights ice, every single clip is highlighting ice or 80% of the clips is highlighting ice.


Now ice has leverage. And I think from a business perspective, you don't never want to give somebody that much leverage because it leaves you vulnerable. I don't look at it like that, but I understand what you're saying. It does. It leaves you vulnerable. I ain't commenting, I'm not gonna comment too much on them because from to my understanding, they were a touring outfit And they was killing shit. So if you're a touring outfit, okay, so now I have to account for if our business is the road, then I have to account for being on the road. Yeah. But they also have a podcast. So they, so so when I went to see him, I saw him at the Javits, they packed that shit back to back events.


They packed that shit like it was packed. You know what I'm saying? And then they, they did the Javits three days in a row. Damn. I don't know if I could pay one person and that, especially the one person if I, if it's an ensemble cast and like you just said, I was on a rookie contract, stay Here. And even if you could pay the one person, now y'all try to get Such a Bad precedent. No it don't. Y'all tried to get together as a collective to press me for money. So now I can might be afford to pay him, but now I can't pay the other two or three motherfuckers that all want substantial increases in salary. I can't do that. So had y'all not got together and tried to press me like this, I could have paid you in confidence on secret.


I now I can't pay the other two. That's part of my problem with the cus shit. Yeah. That that's what I'm saying. I said it was a semi 'cause they wasn't necessarily trying to overthrow dude. They were just trying to come up and use their collective leverage to collective bargaining. You can't lose all three of us. You can't afford to lose all three of us at the same time. And in this outfit in a, in a touring outfit. Maybe you can't. Right? Like I don't know that they're touring anymore. Also, also, I put a lot of stock in the eye that recognized trip. Fontaine was the star. I Don't know if, because that person has that eye. I don't know if they knew that. I'm gonna assume they did. I think they might've picked I I can't say that. Well He says he came in as sixth man.


Yeah. So I don't think that they really had the understanding that he was going to blow up the way he did. He just started to shine maybe. Yeah, he, yeah. I think his perspective is so unique. I think his perspective was unique enough to where the shit he started saying to just start resonating with the people and, and It, and it resonated with both men and women. Oh, that's, Yeah. And I have you under contract and you killing shit off the bench. So it makes sense for me to highlight you. Of Course. Yeah. I no, who said that's not what you said. But Then it also makes sense for Them to, that's not, not what you said. You said that the person had a eye that he was a star. You might not have thought he was a star. You might have thought I'm gonna pick him up as a serviceable player that could play three or four different positions.


And now when that nigga getting in, he getting buckets. You didn't know that this Jordan pool's in the G league. I I, I still think there's something to be said for identifying star talent in real time. I'm not disagree, but I'm saying maybe I maybe the person didn't know when he first got there, once he started cooking, it's still a talent to say hey. Right, give him the ball, feed him, feed him, feed that person. So I put stock in that person. If it's your job to put a show together, it's your job to put a show together. And that's what he just said too. He attested to that in the clip that you just played. But if what I'm hearing about what he might've wanted as one person, it Was a lot. And then you gotta assume this person is talking to the rest of the people.


That's a lot of money. No, it It is. It's a and again, now somebody has, now my whole Tour outfit is For Just through the roof outer world numbers. And you can't maintain a show That way. I can't run a business that way. You can't, you can't, you can't run a business that way because now Imani got a a a two A double his salary. Now Mel want more money. She might not want double, but she want more money and a billboard fast ass. Now flip one more money now I want more money now. I just want more money now. Everybody want more money. What you just did to the bottom line of that particular company is made us being a negative if I grant everybody's wishes. Exactly. We don't, we are no longer profitable. Exactly. And now me as the owner of this said company, my nigga, I'm the one taking the risk up here.


So I should get some money, especially a lion shear of the money because I'm the one up here taking the risk and footing the bill for everything. That's a fact. You can't do that. Well we have a down month. I'm not mad. He left when his stock was high And it Was so now I would like to see him perform outside of that construct Because that's, that's, that's, that's where you show. That's it. That's it. You're real right there. Again, if any of y'all tonight's conversation, people want to come up here and spill t they do, they trip is a little too mature, But they want to come up here. I Told you the It is yours. Please by all means, come up here. I'm a fool. You, but don't come up here talking to my Coles all called, don't come up here talking to nobody gainfully employed by, I mean come up here, tell you a little story and go, don't try to go start today's conversation with with my s No.


How long you known, how long you known this, this guy? Because he just got kind of popping. Right? How long have you known him? Doesn't matter. Seems like really simple questions up here. Get tough. I don't really know. It's just, you know, you meet in passing kind of thing. You talk a lot and just You do you consider him like a friend or is it like a casual mark? Thank you. Exit casual. Yeah, Just gotta ask the right questions, man. I'm not doing this with Mel ISO on Mark for Joy Reed. Give it to me Man. I am outraged, I'm frustrated, I'm angry. Joy and Reed, the host of the readout at 7:00 PM at M-S-N-B-C was let go. They announced it this Sunday in the New York Times, from what I understand, talking to her team, they found out in the New York Times, they didn't find out from from the network.


They found this out. This is all part of a process. Maybe two, three weeks ago, Rashida Jones stepped down as president of M-S-N-B-C, the other Rashida Jones and not Quincy Jones' daughter. And she, when she stepped down, she was replaced by somebody who just overhauled the whole network. They said it was because of ratings that Joy Reid was let go. I don't buy that fully because nobody watches these cable news networks. Anyway, they all got shitty ratings, but everybody with shitty ratings wasn't cut. And the people with the shit ts ratings weren't the ones at the front of the line getting cut. When you look at the image on Sunday, it's, it's Joanne Reed. When you look on Monday, it's Joanne Reid, It is Jonathan Cape Bart, a brother who had a, a Sunday show. It's Eman Modi, the Egyptian guide, Katie Fang, Katie Fang.


I mean it looked like the Rainbow Coalition of people getting fired from MS nbc. That's and Lester Holt And stepping Down from, from N-B-C-N-B-C. So it's just a, it, a lot of brown people, a lot of black people. And from what I can see It is people who didn't kiss the ring, you know, since Big T as y'all say, came in the office. He's been running up in these, these corporations and these media outlets telling people, if y'all wanna play ball with us, you going do what I say. It's not like eight years or else, or else, or else. It ain't like before when all the networks were like, we're gonna be the loyal opposition, we're gonna challenge Trump, we're gonna beat Trump. Now they wanna be in bed with Trump. And Trump like, I don't like Joy Ann Reid, he's been very explicit. I don't like her. And, and he's pointing at certain people. There's also people who've been critical of certain things.


Those are also the people who were getting laid off and fired and let go. And the new president of of MNCM, Ms N bbc. Rebecca something. Cutler Yeah, I remember her name because she's the person who fired me from CN Oh Fuck that man. She gave me the call. I'm not blaming her. I don won't say she fired me. She was the one who gave me the call. Got it. I actually think it was above her so I don't blame her for that. But what I am saying is, is that the business is the business is the business. And it seems to me that M-S-N-B-C is in a new zone. All cable TV is in a new zone, which is, we're not in a diversity game anymore. We're not in the both sides game anymore. It's getting more and more right wing. And I think it's a message for all those black people out there protesting.


Please stop protesting to get people their jobs back. One, it doesn't work. Ain't nobody ever got their job back from people protesting. Two, create your own shit. It's time for us to have our own media outlets so that we don't always have, have to come hat in hand begging people for jobs and, and, and not being able to take the positions we want to take. Joy was courageous. Joy took some po I don't always agree with her, but she always took principal positions and she's not there And she wasn't always, she, she was very critical of Trump but she was also very critical of the Biden administration. Exactly. 'cause she was very vocal about her opposition to the war in Gaza. Exactly. So that's what I'm saying. And, and so was I Iman Mohsin and so was me Hessen who got fired a year ago. You know, it it, there's a pattern here.


You know if you go against the establishment on two or three major issues, you're not in here anymore. And, and and that's a problem. Let's get our own shit though. So we're not always looking. TV is dead anyway but let's, let's move away from it. They running shit like death row. They're running a country like death row. For real my nigga. Like they have put pressure on all of the tech niggas. All these niggas that be got the zillions of dollars, they made them niggas kiss the ring. They running this shit like a different, like this shit is crazy. We ain't never seen, you know how other countries, you can't say yo fuck the president. They damn there gonna be like you said what? Yo, he's fired. That's what it's starting to feel And that's what America is. America is, we can say certain things like other countries, you can't say they said North Korea dog.


If your house catch on fire you better run out the house with the picture of the president before you save your dog. You have to come out the house with that picture of the president or you could go to jail for that. We, we not there of course that's an extreme but we let we going down the road of of Autocracy. It is. Yeah It is just different bro. This shit is something we never seen in two months. Only been two months, month and a half. So anybody on TV that's gonna speak out against anything maga y'all days might be numbered. Your days is numbered unless you kiss in the ring because there will be certain people who will be allowed to be critical because behind the scenes they're doing certain things.


So there's always a secret arrangement when it comes to cable News. What'd you think about Rachel Maddow and this, you know the Monologue that love I love her. I mean that's how you show up and that how that is how you're an ally and that's how you use your white privilege the right way. But that that shit, it gave me chills White People. If you trying to figure out how to show up, watch that video. I love. That's how you show up. What'd she say? And depend on them. And did I mention, oh look at you boy producing the show. Your job Is forever. See hold up. Stupid ass thumb. My thumb's as big as hell Run out are great colleagues and great at what they do. No, no, no. Hold on. I have Learned so much from her. I have so much more to learn from her. I do not want to lose her as a colleague. I know She's smaller. Number one. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Alright. Even bigger pro programming change is at 7:00 PM 7:00 PM Eastern where Joy Reads show the readout ended tonight.


And Joy is not taking a different job in the network. She is leaving the network altogether. And that is very, very, very hard to take. I am 51 years old, I have been gainfully employed since I was 12 and I have had so many different kinds of jobs. You wouldn't believe me if I told you, but in all of the jobs I have had, Let's go original, In all of the years I have been alive. There is no colleague for whom I have had more affection. We love her and more respect than Joy Reed. I love everything about her. I have learned so much from her. I have so much more to learn from her. I do not want to lose her as a colleague here at M-S-N-B-C. And personally I think It is a bad mistake to let her walk out the door.


It is not my call and I understand that. But that's what I think I will tell you. It is also unnerving to See that on a network where we've got two count them, two non-white hosts in primetime, both of our non-white hosts in primetime are losing their shows as is Katie Fang on the weekend. And that feels worse than bad no matter who replaces them. That feels indefensible and I do not defend it. No Joe Biden. But there's just one other piece of it that you should know. Cook from your side of the TV screen, you will, you will mostly see changes in terms of who's in the anchor chair. Here we go. And actually everybody's who's going to be in anchor chairs from here on out are great colleagues and great at what they do.


And you are not going to be disappointed in who's on our air and what you're gonna be seeing. But one thing you cannot necessarily see is that the people who get our shows on the air, they're really being put through the ringer. Dozens of producers and staffers including some who are among the most experienced and most talented and most specialist producers in the building are facing being laid off. They're being invited to reapply for new jobs. That has never happened at this scale in this way before when it comes to programming changes presumably because it's not the right way to treat people. And it's inefficient and it's unnecessary and it kind of drops the bottom out of whether or not people feel like this is a good place to work.


And so we don't generally do things That way. She gave it too real right? She gave it too real on air. Including Most of the people who are getting this very show on the air right now. Maybe they will all get new jobs here and I hope they do. But in the meantime being put in this kind of limbo, the anxiety and the disco discombobulation is off the charts at a time when this job already is extra stressful and difficult. It is not news for me to tell you that the press and freedom of the press are under attack in a way that is really, it's a big deal for our country. It's very visceral for us here. I know that the business of the press is not an easy thing and I know that no job is forever but I think, I think I'm safe in saying for for all of us anchors who you know through the tv, please know that what pains us the most is not what happens to us.


It is what happens to our coworkers on whom we depend and who you don't necessarily know but we respect and love them and depend on them. And did I mention we respect them? Yo she cooked that. No I love herself. Yeah. Yeah. Word. She's she's one of them. Yeah. And has been one of them for some. No she don't play with 'em. No. She's one of my favorite whites. Yeah. Yeah dog. She don't play top tier white. Yeah. Top tier white real good. White. Not like that Ish. That's not in this, we talking about two different nigga. No we not. I love her. Yo, she's amazing. She absolutely smoked that. Yeah, she, she did. I want to send a, a proper send off to another one of my favorite whites.


I feel like basketball will never be the same Greg Popovich. It is just being rumored that he will not return to the Spurs. Y'all know he was battling health complications. I'm gonna miss him too with me too. And another great white in regards to the social shit off of off the court speaking up and in a heartbeat he'll speak up and start wowing like what you gonna do fire me me? Right. You know what I'm saying? Like So that's amazing. Alright, I got a quick Part of the Show for y'all from someone named Jeremiah. What's happen? Jeremiah says, what up gang? I got a lighthearted question 'cause some of these niggas be depressing but I guess they are Joe fans so it's probably expected way to go buddy.


Throw a shot. He continues. So I was listening to Holiday Inn by Chingy and realized listen I love that song. That's good. Yeah. And I had to compete with that motherfucker. Trump times me still. Alright. I was listening to Holiday Inn by Chingy and realized he is the worst friend to invite to the hotel party. He said his homie called him up and had eight chicks in the hotel and all Chingy had to do was bring some liquor. This motherfucker brings a 12 pack of Corona one beer for everybody. I don't know how we've gone this long and nobody has pointed that out.


My question is, have any of y'all been in a situation where everything was set, the girls were there and down but one of the homies fucks up the situation Flip kind of gives me the guy that jokes too much and annoys the women vibe. That was the end. Oh damn. You know a lot of you get that mistaken and, and I can see why Ben. Nah, not me. I mean I, I, I'm, I'm the vibe. They want to come 'cause of flip, you know what I'm saying? So Fuck that shit flipped. You know back in the days I can See that talk talk bad Shit for get Up girlfriend. No, no, no, no. For real. I back in the days.


Yeah. But I had some niggas around me that taught me the right way to do it. And I learned you gotta navigate through these, through these room full of vultures. There Is nothing worse than someone showing up in charge of the alcohol. Yeah. And bring only enough alcohol for them. Yeah. Trash. That Is bottom tier party etiquette. And on top of that you have to just navigate through these things man. And you know, and the, the ladies love me and they would have fun Joe. Jeremiah, I wish I could speak to the topic but anytime a nigga was fucking up the kickback, I went upstairs. Yeah. Hey was was there not another level that you could bring the bitches to? I went to the rooftop to get away from this corny ass nigga fight Extra loud nigga.


The nigga that's doing too much. The nigga that's the nigga that's just doing. Yeah. That tension is on him. Nah, nah, nah. Niggas don't. Yeah. I gotta Away for him. We Nigga making him uncomfortable because the next, the next party he's not invited to. Yeah. No he's done never. He's dubbed. Nah, you done. He Can't come, he ain't invited upstairs. You stay down here. Just make sure shit. Shit cool. He might be invited to leave sometimes you in a trick. You in the tricky situation 'cause he be, he may be the first one to hold you down and hold you down if something pop off. But yeah. You know you can't be great and perfect in every area. Some pop off like how I'm, I'm at the crib during the kickback. Oh You talking about your crib? Some shit be popping off some, some shit. Well I was doing the kickbacks at the crib. I'm just saying the nigga that don't know when to leave. Oh. That's the worst. Yo. You came, you shot the shot, it missed, it's over.


You can Go. She's tapping a home girl. Get away from me. The nigga that can't handle, the nigga that can't handle is liquor. Oh. I hate him nigga. Nah, I don't mind him so much. Give give us That was like Netflix before Netflix. Look at him. Look at him. Nah that could go bad. Yeah. Some niggas get bell. Fuck the whole shit up. Some niggas get belligerent. Yeah. Or like violent And they can't handle their coke. Right. Oh. I Don fuck wrong with you though. Please. You know how many of these they front on this pod, you know what I mean? Niggas was at the kickback when shorty went to the bathroom and came back. Acting noticeably different. Start Moving Niggas at the Kickback doing This. Huh? Start moving too fast.


Talking fucking Looking a little funny. Yeah. Who's the coolest one in here? That'll be, who would be the coolest one in here at the Kickback? Me. Who's the second one? Me. We know who the second one would be. Cool. You know who, Who you think you can answer? Answer it. Fireman Nigga. Fire drill. That's my man. Fire drill. He be cool. Oh. How you doing? I don't want, oh girl you can sit here. I don don't worry about that. You want my seat? I don't want issue my kickback. I don't you Don't think it should be another Kickback? I don't want him in my kickback. Why competition? No you don't. What he gonna do? He's cool.


He he's a conversationalist. You don't talk. He wants to sit there and just look cute and drink water in the corner. Nigga, get the fuck out. Make a joke or something. Play, play a game. Nah, I don't think so. Really? Nah, It is got in his bag when Taboo came out. But other than that. Yeah. Nah, get outta here nigga. If you don't talk, bye. So I It is calling. Try to bag what he can and get outta here. No nigga move. So, so Imani is good at a kickback though. E conversationalist making people feel comfortable. Imani, Imani iss pretty good at kickback. Okay. He is. It is free quiet. I put Imani second just 'cause he just don't talk. Really? I didn't know he, She ain quiet. Are you like a quiet dude? He tell y'all all the time that he quiet. I know he don't get brother. Look at him now. He quiet now. I Don't, I don't be quiet like that. I don't holler.


Yeah. But hollering and making somebody feel comfortable, two different things. It's different. I could see him having a conversation and, and, and be afraid. He was friendly than anybody. I brought him around or came around me. I get It. So he would be your W man. Nah, nah, nah, nah. What you call it? The kickback? If, if I had a kickback, I think that I put all three of you on the same level. Freeze. Good. The kickback. He, he going, he gonna motherfucking get the hookah right. He gonna set us up. He set the TV up, set the up. That's, that's racist. Fucking mouth about freeze Are crazy.


It's a compliment. Wasn't a compliment. It was a compli compliment. You call that nigga tech support squad. Hey squad. That's funny son. I like, I like this question for everybody before we get to our sleepers. Mel, who are you at The Kickback? Who am I at? The kickback Profile wise? Yeah, I'm lit. I'm Martin Elmley. Can we have more words? You swear you that Martinelli Melley. Jim, I'm, I'm lit. I'm social butterfly. I'm walking around, I'm talking to people. I can See that drinking. Yeah. I'm, if there's games, I'm down to play. Do you think that it'll border it'll be borderline annoying or you, you, you No, you know the line.


I I know the line. Okay. But you, So are you down to meet somebody to kickback or are you one of those Hey, I'm just here 'cause I got the invite. I'm just look cute and have fun. But I ain't trying meet none Y'all to kickback. No, I pretty much talk to everybody unless you're fucking creepy. I talk to everybody. I can sit That. Are you down to meet somebody at, to Kickback? I'm saying yes. Yeah. Got it. Got it. Got Mark. Who are you at The Kickback? I'm laid back. I'm a little quiet but chill. Like, not like weirdo quiet. Just quiet. You know what I mean? Harvard head ass nigga Not like that. Didn didn't invite no Harvard, Harvard niggas Don't get to come there. He, he a sneaky one. I was about to say, the problem is, that's a sneaky one. Whatever you came with, you might not leave with. He standing by. Oh, We seen that happen before.


Freeze. He over there standing by the bookshelf. Welcome. Oh yeah. I I think you got it Mark. You'll be cool. I I this nigga's sneaky right here. I'll be fine. Sneaky niggas. Yeah, I ain't sneaky. I just, you know, you know Your tricks. I can See that now. Nigga write the number down on the paper and slip it, kick them shake they head down in they head. Oh. Keep that said get back to 92. I know you a tight mark. Who You at The kickback flip and then we get outta here. I same. I'm quiet a little bit quiet chill to myself. And then you know, when somebody talk to me, I'll talk to them. But you gotta remember when people look at me, they already see me in one way.


As one way. Not, not, not at this kickback. They don't even know, know nothing about You life. Oh yeah. I'm still, I'm still Chilling. I mean, I'm gonna say what up to everybody and chill and go on my old world. Probably chop it up with Ish and e make a couple of jokes like, oh you See that? And just keep it moving. Try to find a low corner and figure it out. Do you, do you become the center of attention at the Kickback? No. No, No. So just here. Yeah It is. I get paid. I get paid to be the center attention nigga. There you go. Yeah, I get paid. Nigga, watch your fucking mouth. There you go. Huh? Yeah. Watch your mouth. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's why you had Mermaid. You got that? You used to attention nigga.


Hey yo, you just laughing nigga. Joe said he turned around and the car was so Huh? So you exposed me now like, God, Joe is funny. Mark having too much fun about me getting Yeah, he really Is Mark. Mark having to play good old time. All right. I don't have anything else that is near and dear to my heart that I need to, that I need to share with an audience. What's say you guys? Nah, We good. Nah, I'm straight. I feel like I asked y'all so many questions. Y'all have anything to ask me? Anything? Anything, anything that y'all wanna share with the audience, anything that's important? Anything that we might be forgetting? You stumbled on the way out on the way outta where? Mermaids. You heard? I didn't, they Ain't getting no details. No, My man good.


My man good. He cool. No I didn't. Did you think I did? You ain't hit me. You ain't hit me to check on me like freeze. Yeah. Why would I Do that? Freeze hit me the next day. Three o'clock on a Sunday, nigga I could be dead in the hospital by then. You would've woke up and said nah, I'm good now. Your exit. That's true. Your exit routine is lit though. I watch your exit routine, like you do a trick like No, you Don you did a different one this time. He tried to go up that way. Fire escape this. He to act. Hey listen, he tried to act like he going up that way. He doing some i that some ill shit. He tried to act like he going through that door and then get to the wall and walk back slowly and exit the other door. You don't see him? Where you going nigga? You about To Maybe on Patreon. I got a rant that's inside of me. I got a ranch.


No, I got, I got a rent. But you gotta get it out Joe. Get it out. No, no, you gotta get it out. No, you gotta take it to the bank nigga. I, I need, I need, I got a Ran. I need that 30 piece On Patreon though. You right. I need that 30. We will get us up. Yeah. I'm not doing the, I'm not, I'm not going on the rant. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because hey, hey, hey. Flip Fontaine. I'm not going on And flippy. Well you would like to know how how he can get there. Here. Yeah. Yeah. That's nice. He tried to involve y Oh nigga I don't get my fuck. He as a group, right.


Real you shit on I don't give fuck strong. They feel. I told that. I said actually I ain't gonna lie, he brought everybody up. Well if we, I said I looked at this nigga like he 16 heads in Parks in, in that closet, whatever that shit. Parks got that booth. Nah. I said, nigga what I tried to bring up that ensemble cash. I don't give a fuck nigga. This is what I want. I was like, all right. Damn. More shit. All Man. Alright. Well Forever. Well, I mean, I ain't mad at you, but, Oh shit, That point looks like we me. Oh shit. Road.


Oh my God. All right. I gotta a sleeper. I got some They even sleep on. Let's do it. I got something they been sleeping on. Oh, you was telling us about the, you said you're not gonna go on a rant butt and you started to Say something. Good job, ice. Oh, I'm saving my ramp, please. Oh, you gonna save it now? Yeah, I'm, I'm putting my rant, But what's the rant about? Just so, so, so people Yeah, you to It's about the internet people and my new thing, I can't respond to internet people. The 27 Views people, The internet people. No, the internet people just are internet people. So you can't be like a real human in real life and just have all these responses them, but just reading some of the shit say You're wrong was good. No, no, no. It was, it was a lot of it when I went through the comments, a lot of it was inappropriate. Especially for some of the people that you could, you could, that are tangible and you could be familiar with. I, I felt the same way.


Same thing when Cam did that same shit to me. It's like, nigga you, they people get, I agree with him on that. Like people get besides themselves when it comes to figures that they may look up to dis niggas that they may know. And It is a blurred line to that. So even when I want to go off real, I want to go Off, even when I read, I, I say About Drake, 50 seconds. Alright, internet. Let's talk about a picture. Okay? Okay. Okay. Internet, let's get to it. Let's now act like, alright, you know? Alright. I gotta sleep a sleeper from some little white boy. Let's see, his name is Greek. I played him up here before. Did you, did I get this song from you? It's possible. You my Son.


Do you remember? She took it crazy. I don't know what you did with her. She ain her auntie bag. She ain Too crazy. June, Ever since a nigga chased You outta a mermaid, I'm about to Say stop because You can't be. No, but for real, I know you Ja. I don't wanna step in a joke. Did I get it from you because I played something else? Yes, I played it back in January. Okay. Then I am going It's a good going song too. Yeah. Really good song. Song. It is. Yeah. It's fine. Real shout to Alex, man. Where these niggas be getting sleep from. Alright, so I'm going with Ombre friend of the show and this record is called, actually no I'm not. No I'm not. No I'm not. Hold up. It might have been one of mine. Oh, ombre Shit.


Why y'all disrespecting me this way? All right, I'm going with my girl, Tempest friend of the show. And this record is called Stop Playing. Stop Playing, Stop Playing.


That is my girl Tempest. And that record is called Stop Playing Brand New Old Music. Shout out to Tempest friend of the show man. Hopefully she is doing well. And that's what I got for y'all. What's up? All right, I'm going up to Buffalo with mine. This is Benny the Butcher. And ILL Tone Beats 36 ounces in a Mercedes For the bitches who never judged us and hustlers who kept it solid. I'm collecting commas. My trap like direct deposit. We was catching boxes. Reckless shopping. So check your pockets. I stretched and rocked it. I made D and kept the profit back. That's how they made me. Yeah.


36 Ounces and a Mercedes. Nigga. My life for movie. Trust me, Martin Scorsese couldn't write the shit. I'm on the island trip watching Tyson clips. I'm twice as rich so my diamond kit do my guy with tricks. This how being thorough, look, I so dope and got hooked and took advice from a crook, but got my knowledge out of book. I read the mansion in LA and tell the call of a friends, It is fucked up. How enemies last. I was a Benz and a brick, 36 Ounces and a Mercedes. All wanted was a Benz and a brick. 36 Ounces and a Mercedes.


Let's go. I wish my freedom for that Benz and that brick. 36 Ounces and a Mercedes. Yeah. Only we wanted was a Benz and a brick. Yeah. 36 Ounces and a Mercedes. Let's go. I got thoughts in my brain racing for voices saying be patient. We front runners, we crunch numbers just like we Asian went from locked up in cages. Now we popped up on stages. I why from no major, my name on top of your playlist, but you gotta know what's hustle and ball. It is either get eight, being from the jungle and all. Before I got this comfortable, I had to stumble and fall.


My neck worked a hundred for sure. I'm not as humble as y'all. That's how they made me. Yeah. 36 Ounces and a Mercedes. Nigga. My heart's still on Tennessee and Bailey. I'm writing shit up about my life, my life. Think it's only a song, nigga you crazy. 'cause it's back to playing corners if I get lazy. Let's go. Was a Benz and a brick, 36 Ounces and a Mercedes Here. All he wanted was a Benz and a brick. 36 Ounces and a Mercedes. Let's go. I risked my freedom for that Benz and that brick. 36 Ounces and a Mercedes.


Yeah. All we wanted was a Benz and a brick. Yeah. 36 Ounces and a Mercedes. Let's go. Let's.


And that Was 36 Ounces and a Mercedes. Benny, the Butcher and ILL Tone Beats. He put a little B, S, F put a little two pack out. Oh, okay. So shot the whole B s that And then the other one is Conway and Ione record. Oh, okay. I think there's an album coming from that too, if I'm not mistaken. Nice. Nice. I'm going to Philly. This is RJ Payne and Eric sermon, RIGHT? CROSS. Yeah. You know what time It is, don't you? It's that three piece Eric sermon, RJ Payne, death squad. Beautiful pain entertainment. Tzo on the boards. Watch this, watch this, watch this.


Look. Get it straight. I obliterate Mike's my skill level. Superb words, imitate life. The renegade type. I used to run the street. Now my destination is underneath the center stage. Lights. I was gutter made dearly beloved. I dug your grave, the heart of a king and I got the blood of a slave spill my soul on the paper until I flooded the page. Just for everybody that put in work and they wasn't paid. Soon as I made a pivot, we made a blizzard. EPMD, Eric and Payne, we making digits. If I was going paint you a picture, I make it vivid. This flick is one of my greatest in my latest exhibit. Yeah. Picasso, maybe I'm not so crazy. I'm old school but I ain't never going to rock Old Navy. The whole block old baby. I'm the truth. If I shoot ain't a way I'm gonna miss a she word.


The Morocco lady is paying. Ah. Hey yo. Back up from the rope. Back up. You haven't seen this dope since Pop smoke? Nah, nope. Eric and pain hard to copes caps already scared and he ain't even spoke. Y'all prepared for the worst worse think Baghdad bombs dropping everywhere. That's the hashtag. Sure enough, that's me in the last drag. Get the wrong idea and end up in the trash drag. If I was you, I raise the flag white in the other color. Good night. Right And yeah, I'm about that action Eric. I'm him. Y'all can read the caption. This the wrong set. Them dudes is acting. Yeah, just a bunch of extras. No retraction. Nah, ask them. Just a bunch of lame ass niggas.


A bunch of noname ass niggas fat. Yeah, I call 'em how I see him. Huh? Are you detained with no coliseum? Yeah, this hip hop thing is how I feed them. Yeah. Eric are j Pain is kind of hard to beat them. See I believe Earth, when I start writing, I got the freedom lyrics I provide come from inside of a mausoleum. Haja I couldn't pull up while I was driving the G. If I've met her this morning, I'm hitting by 5:00 PM See it's about to get lit. Just a chapter to get rich and I ain't gotta talk slick and dis wrapper. I told 'em get off my dick quick. You have to, these bullets that I got in my clip could flip a tractor. The dopest in the pot. I've woke up the block. The cocaine that went mainstream is floating up the dock. I'm loading up the Glock.


If you don't blow your weapon, you gonna do a show in heaven. Have you opened up a pot? I've been bagging up to work. I had to go berserk. I made so much racket. Even John McEnroe was hurt. Boy, you have to go research. I'm rolling blunts up with twenties on a dump truck. I'm just dragging over dirt. He went crazy. RJ Payne, Eric sermon RIGHT CROSS. He went crazy. Yeah, he went too crazy on there boy. Damn. He went too crazy on there. I'm going to Leia, the Leo IFY.


I've been on a run. Now I'm looking for someone to love me. Right. And it's looking like I might have found someone. Tell Me what I haven't thought Yet.


I don't mean to play with your emotions. If your, I can show you how it confines. What's, what's the artist name.


Tell Me what you wanna do. We could try out something new. Tell me what you wanna do. Got my hands all over you. I think we should see it through. Thank you. Got something. You right you. I don The morning.


All I can say is I found you. That's Leah. The Leo is, that's how we're pronouncing it. Leia Le Leia. The Leo Leia of Leo. It is you. Have you ever, the dude, have you ever met a or even an unattractive vocalist? Of course. Oh. Who's far as whack ass game to get the dms lit. You ain't slick. Mine is by Zyah Belle.


It's called one 800 Heartbreak. Don't We gotta get you a I hope.


I hope. I hope. Am I tripping? Slipping. But this is different myself a mission. I'm trying some real shit.


I, I hope, I hope one That's si bell One 800 Heartbreak.


I ain't gonna lie. The longer Mel don't have a nigga. She turning into like sleeper Galactus. It is tough to take her out man. She just home digging internally. Watering plants feeding the cat. She's just all picking out lonely slaps one 800 Heartbreak. Go ahead fella. Dial it up if you listen out there, dial that number. Who? Who? Who's next? Y'all pick. You Play Boy. Go. You wanna go last? I don't. Nah, I go last. Mine is from, they they got a new album out called Love Jones and this Jones the microphone Rotation. Oh sorry, this is from, they they got a new RB album out called Love Jones.


And this track is a Rotation.


Sexually violent, violent hop on come get this mileage. I'm stand past curb call in advance.


It's been a while but I'm taking a playing to see how Love it. I don That is they Rotation Big flip when I got yo, I'm going to Trinidad Carnival is around the corner next week.


But I'm going Are you going? Huh? Are you going? Yes. I'm going to play a record from Trinidad. Killer feature Nicki Minaj. Remit of ESKIMO Trinity. Trinity. Trinity Ware. He want his name in the snow. So I write to down. I make these bitches lift up. I don't fight them down when he see me. He be getting so excited now. Heard the killer. Want the queen? I should knight him now. Good morning.


I wish I could be. She not inferior motives. Ter the bitches bad. I am my bi ESKIMO Co. That's the white and white. I'm in your area eating no cafeteria.


You let me, let me here. Bel Beach Cherry here. Them Trinity real nice. That man really sta bitches. We talking about they Trinity. Like Trinity. I tri here. You St. James go to Spain if you really ready. I miss bad when you coming back home. Skinny. But that ass on Fatso.


Alright. That's brand new music. It's brand new music. Trinidad Killer. Hey Trinidad Killer featuring Nicki Minaj. ESKIMO the Remix. Look, don't look at me. Why you looking at me? Huh? What you gotta say what happened? Nothing. I don't have nothing to say. We support our brothers and sisters. Yeah. Always, always. That's facts. Split version of the check-in. Making sure he's safe. Making sure. Go carnival. Yo. I'm headed to Trinidad next week. Here go Trinidad. Killer. Oh alright. Nah, you got it. You got it. Big dog dig.


This podcast is over. But it would be un unfair or a good system, Mel, if we didn't at least allow her to make a trade. You wasn't here. So go ahead and go ahead and make a trade. No fucking way. You gotta do it, man. No, I do not. Mel, please. No, No, no one Will take it. Personal up here. Huh? Nobody will. No ones gonna take it personal. It's please participate. Just trade us man. Please man. Anybody. Seriously, for real. However you feel. No judgment. I really can't say that I would trade anybody. I'm sorry. I just, I like everybody's personalities up here. None different. They Are. If we could trade Imani for trip, Fontane wouldn't do it.


I thought this was Maine cast. No. Anybody? You can't trade anybody. Mm no. Nope. She took the, she took the freeze route. Got outta there. Mark, how about you? I don't wanna be unfair to you. You can make a trade if you want. Oh no, I'm, I'm, I'm good. I feel Aren't y'all mature package all two together? Let's See what We can do. Eminem, Eminem, Eminem. See if we can get back for some Eminem.


You Think we can get 50 For y'all two? Yeah. Well we know, we know we, we get rid of you soon. As soon as you get on the elevator. You going over there. You going over the fire escape. Oh Shit. Listen. Oh man. This weekend is March 1st. Yeah, That's true. That's our gym reservation for the people that have forgotten. I see you over there stretching your legs, doing all types of bullshit. Are you cool? I I If if you there, I'm there. I'm there. Say less Ish. I'll be there.


Flip. Can you give us the time and the location though? You said six o'clock last time? Yeah, I think you said 6:00 PM right? Oh, I didn't get that. But we didn't get the location though. Yeah, we didn't get dates. I'll send the address. I'll send the address to the group chat And then send it to everybody who's not on the group chat. So It is excuses. Send it to the group chat and I'll send it to Ish. Saturday six o'clock we lit. Mel, you're more than welcome. Thank you. How's That? We lit Yo real quick by the way. We didn't say this during the show yesterday. Wu-Tang clan announced their final tour. I'm go to that motherfucker. So just everybody grab tickets. We want, I always want people to support it. That's all. You know what I mean? I'm, there'll be in Newark so y'all can go to the see it in the world's dirtiest city. You can also catch it in Philly, New York and every place else. Yeah, that was New Jersey's dirtiest City.


You think? You think You know Philly. Philly? You know Philly's dirtier than Newark, right? I don't know about that. You out your mind. You know. You know Phil, every time I go to Newark I'll see It is dirt and projects and rats. Ain't no Projects and ain't No rats. Yeah, It is definitely some projects. There's no projects in Newark. Where was I when I ran up in the projects by accident? When they chased you? Nah, quite the opposite. Quite the you chase, you chased Them. Oh, you laid something down. What happened? Oh, what happened Doc doctor, something down. You wanted, you wanted to feel back, feel the hood again. So you went in something. No, what happened was, no I was, I was in Why you looking at me like we had this conversation? Because we did that. This conversation I asked you where I was. I was in Maplewood and somebody stole my Benny Honda and these niggas started taking my shit.


So I was like, ain't nobody at Maplewood stealing my Benny Honda. So I started chasing these niggas. That's not no project. Then I get in the car and keep chasing. Then I went, I left Maplewood and up in another neighborhood and before I knew I was in some high rises with a bunch of niggas like, who you here for? And I said, you know what? I don't need to Benny Hunter that bad. I thought it would. Yeah. Yeah. You got a wan. So you, if you could look at the camera right now and give a word to the Maplewood niggas that, what would you Say that let you slide? What would you say? Let shit slide. I was driving up for hour. Sat straight Maplewood. Right. Was Acting like you was looking for him. But you know. Oh no, I was looking. That nigga was a block away from year from Seton Hall. Netflix Borderline South Orange. Nah, get your ass out. What's Urban Avenue? Is that, what is that Maple? No, no. I was, It is the no nigga this Ivy Hill or some it's Newark.


It is Ivy Hill project. It is Ivy Hill apartment building. Maplewood turn into Newark. Right on that street though. Go ahead man. 3 million people. 3 million people. Whatever man. Whatever. Nigga didn't get his shit back. I definitely didn't get my shit back. Definitely a serial and ain't been back over there either since. Really? No, they stole your Benny Hos. Yeah. Fuck that Uber eats me. That It is gonna make that nigga heart jump. Listen man, hopefully y'all have enjoyed this broadcast as much as we have enjoyed delivering it to you. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid you a do farewell Adio, cereba, dichi, OTA arvo.


A simple head noob will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. Yes sir. Hopefully Everybody has a real productive week. Anybody doing anything fly this week? Anybody doing anything? I'm just busting some niggas ass and ball. How about y'all? Orlando, mark, you know, get to it. Heading on down to Orlando For my nieces birthday party. Oh yeah, Orlando. Yeah. Yeah. Orlando. I was gonna go, I forgot about the gym. I ain't missing the gym.


I'll be Here to keep you warm. Hey, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold up man. Let me do this the right way. Let me do this the right way. Get outta here the way we supposed to get outta here, man. I dunno. You don't help with shit. What's I'm Saying? Thought you had It.


All right. There we go. I ain't even got it in my phone, in my computer, but stream it up. Ah, there we go. Yeah, come on man. Let's get outta right. Let's get outta here the right way, man. Rest in peace. Roberta Flack. Rest in peace. The legend. 88 years old, man. It's a nice life. It is great life. It is a nice life. Hey, there we go. She gone. So I can't even do it under the Roberta Flack talks. I used to have my dad. It's over. Rest in peace for those talks. Hey, come on now.


70 and up. 70 and up out there. She hey. 60 and up out there. Let's go. Come on now. Mel airplane. This in Canada. No. Yes, yes. Hey, He Is on their phone with Roberta. Come on. All right. Right. It's a queen. It's a legend after what you said. Yes. She's still a legend. Even more so now. Even more so today. Here goes Hey With his.


That's not right. That's not right. That's just a testament to her. Greatness In my pain with his feet. Oh, what the F? This is dis singing. Not all. I don't think so. I think that's a tribute we honoring. Two times we honoring her and then we getting outta here. Rest in peace. Wig Nick's legend, Nick's announcer, legend. Also Lester Holt stepped down from the news so he can focus full time on day line. Shout to Lester Hu Legend. Lot of legends moving around with His Alright.