
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Will Do. Alright. Take the sickness out a nigga body. Take the Out pause. That was Take the sickness out your mouth Body. Whoa, whoa. Same that worse. Don't mention my mouse, but That's worse though.


Take the sickness out your body. I'm gonna do that ish. I said you cannot do that. You said how do I make up getting y'all sick? Audience icing ish are saying that I got them sick. You did. You did. When I came in here last pod sick. I said It on Tuesday, didn't I? Now walking out and they defense. They right. I shouldn't have been here. Flip told me I shouldn't have been here. But I love the job so much man. It's my dedication, it's my gift and a curse sometimes. And You curse me out. Yeah. Yeah, because you said that some Fly shit to me too. I ain't like that. Your tone. It don't be what you say you be right, but your tone when you speak to niggas, you can't talk to me like That.


I didn't mean to man. I'm just saying. Hot kettle. Yo. Flip his, You Right. What the fuck, bro? He gonna make a joke about how I can't be him. I'm not making a no joke. They misrepresented me. I don't ever talk to y'all in, in no type of way like that nigga. You told niggas that y'all annoying me Now life in real life. You, we was not recording in real life. I'm saying Yes. Yes. Joe, me and you have had these arguments that we have here in real life based on your mouth. I don't talk, I don't yo you Mouth. I said ball, I Don't speak to you in a way more ice where I feel like one of y'all should do something to Me. You know what the most important thing he said in that was He talked to me in a way where, Where you feel he ain't feel like that nigga.


How Many times you wanna punch me in my face? I just wanna say something to you in real life At least 50% of the time. Right. So you would've punch me in my face A little bit. Nah, I ain't much. That's what I'm saying, freeze barks. Not in real life. You get crazy. I ain't gonna lie out the mouth falls. I just told you to gag. Get outta Here. You got some big brother shit. With flip though, in real Life or no, in real life Bro. You don't want to hear from him. No, what I'm saying? Yeah, exactly. Does that to you in real life or no? Yes. Yes. Because I've I've never been around y'all. It's their dynamic though. It is. It is. It's a big brother, little brother. It is. No flip is joke. You think I'd be trying to big bro flip. I don't think you try to big bro him. I just think that y'all have like that, that big brother little brother thing where if he says some shit to you, it's like that the fuck up.


And he barks back. It's, it feels very ish. You know What It is? He played with me too much. He told me this in the beginning of the year, as far as the power thing, the power dynamic, you're gonna lose in me. And I think that plays into his mind. I was simply telling him, yo, we are happy here, just go so we can handle it. Mark is here. Let's handle it. He tells me about how he fly and how his presence being here is more important than him being being sitting. I'm a star dude, your now rat. You. I didn. That wasn't on podcasting for Oh, that wasn't on camera. No. I thought that's why you I thought that's what you said That so then that go against your point because that's saying if It is not on camera, then that was real life.


That's what I'm saying. He talks to me in real life. No, what you said, what you said to him was real life. But he ain't already said it off. Whatcha talking about That's what I'm saying was response. I got it. I got it. Response. I, I accept that. Paul was like, oh shit, I froze. I said, nigga in my hand, I'm this nigga took I saw you. I saw you. Nigga took, I could fire back. Mama. Chill. This nigga took it crazy. Fired back. He asked me a question, audience, I promise we started. So he asked me a question, I answered it. I felt like, But sometimes when you answered things and if Mel, Mel, Don not to read no room. Nowhere. So she jumped in back fucking swinging.


I Absolutely read the room. You I was happy. I jumped in and I was swinging. Abso fucking literally get the fuck out. You're sick. Do do You think that that's wise? No. Absolutely not. But if I learned anything up here, I know that. Do You think it? No. Do You think it wise for you to say No, I can't be the only adult up here all the time. I wanna be a kid sometimes. Fuck that. She don't get the wise one. You that though. She don't get it. Exactly. Mel, I Mel, I love you. Ice flip. I apologize for speaking to you that way. Thank you. Flip and ish Ice and Ish. I apologize. I mean ice and ish. I apologize for getting y'all sick and if there's anything I can do to make it, make it up or make it better.


Z Look up, you know you want too far word. He can't help us himself. Oh yeah. My son Is there. He's stop playing around Man. No. If I can make it up to y'all anyway. Please. I will. You can give him some emergencies that are I dump. I dumped them shits already In my tea. I stopped at Starbucks. Yo, you should go home. Why are you here? Because I'm a Star. Some bullshit. You bullshit. You was bullshit. Nah. Yeah. Nah Said that. Nah, he went off, he went off a little bit. You know what you can do for them and we'll, and we'll, we'll just, we'll end here.


What big man? I mean you could order them like some, some juices and stuff like that. Some like immunity shots, ginger shots. I Don't promote nobody here. I'm I'm not saying I know I'm queen. Yeah, we got it. We got It Ma. I'm trying, trying to help y'all motherfuckers out. Okay. I see the way It is. I'm gonna shut the fuck up In immunity. You Sit here and shut the fuck up. Baron Davis is new and his shot my home girl, the Ivy Queen, she's right up the shut. I was at the tank show and he's putting something out. Oh man, brother. That was dope. Oh, alright. What's the showed up? Yeah, it was, oh my god. It was incredible.


So Hell's Kitchen is on Broadway. It's Alicia Keys. Thanks for the Invite. Yeah, That's true. I literally told You I thought you were going, which Is not. And you said you were already going. Y'all have a relationship with Tank. He was g ready to give y'all tickets. I just took advantage of the, of the invitation from, from Ted. So you don't know what invite means. We literally had the conversation. Alright, Listen. Carry On. We had the fucking conversation. Don't I think that dog pound should just whack Carry on. Don't play with me. I literally told you the day I was going. You're like, yeah, I think I'm Gonna pull up. And that's different from an invite. It was basic. I, you know, I'm not talking to you anymore. Fuck that Hell's Kitchen. Smart smart Tank is now, now playing Alicia Key's father.


He fucking bodied it. He was so fucking good. I'm not surprised. He, I he was, he was so good. He was so funny. And I could tell when he was ad-libbing and it, it, it just worked perfectly. The show is incredible. It was my second time seeing it. If you haven't seen it, go see it. But his run ends on June 1st. Mm. Yeah. So I don know if I'll make it. I was at Beyonce show while you, you were doing that, which was also absolutely phenomenal. I encourage anybody who hasn't seen Beyonce, It is my first time seeing her live. It it it, you should go. It showed me having just been to the Kendricks is a stadium tour that there's levels to the stadium tour. Shit. She's on a different one.


That was, it was a different one. It was a different one. It was a Different one point. Point. What you wore dog? What did I wear? You went out there with the cowboy shit On no fuck no. Fuck. Agency. Agency. You didn't have chaps on. You looked like Billy Bob Boyton. I'm gonna roast, if I would've had cowboy clothes, I would've wor I'm a roast You. Yo. But it was pouring and it was freezing so it wouldn't have matter what I wore anyway. You were gonna look like At the show with all the rain. Yeah. Like it was Pouring out there. Pouring. I was shocked. Did she continue that show? We Wednesday. Wednesday? Yeah Wednesday. She did the car shit in the rain. They did. Yo, I was so amazed. They had like the mop guys, like they have at the garden hitting the, hitting the deck every two seconds. But they did full choreo. They did the flying in the fucking horseshoe over the crowd. All that shit pouring rain.


And that's a performer. And She still looked absolutely amazing by the way. Somehow like despite being completely drenched, I don't, I don't know what the fuck kind of voodoo was going on there. Well When has being completely drenched made someone not look amazing? I mean you could, it could easily upgrade cold and rain. That's, it's a different, it's not like being in the pool by, in a tropical thing. She's So, she's an actual performer. She's incredible. Incredible. And with all the choreo that they do. Yeah. Her dancers were fire. Blue was fire in the rains. Yeah. Incredible. You catch a girl that didn't want to be out in the rain and y'all end up in the rain, you see a melt back to natural. Right, right, right in Front of you. Beyonce did not melt. See that hair good?


Shit. Some of 'em look good when that hair get old. The fi fucking the Eyes channel start doing, doing like the old Cat Broadway logo. Anyway, I'm glad you had a good time. Yeah, it was incredible. It was Incr. She's so good at her branding I guess for lack of a better term. Like she speaks to who she speaks to the way she wants to speak to 'em. And it's incredible. Absolutely incredible. All the production, the videos she was doing, all the history of black music. Especially like some country shit. It was, it was incredible. Oh she sang the Star Spangled Banner and went into Freedom. She did the over the Jimi Hendrix shit. But like sang it note for note with Jimmy. Mm. And then it Wow.


Incredible. It's Levels To that shit. It was levels. That's why yo, all these stuff full Band. She had the band like you could see the band, you know what I'm saying? Oh man. All, all these state like hearing that just got me ready for when Chris do a stadium tour, bro. Word. Because you speak of performers and Levels. Oh yeah, that's true. Chris will probably show up. He just put the Shit on Instagram. Say yo, the set list is 50 songs. By the way. The Beyonce show was long. It was like three hours. It was not a short show. Ain't now. That was the dude you get locked up in England for a week. You might, man I'm gonna perform this shit here. I don, I didn, I don normally do this slap. You Think he's sitting there working us choreo the jail cell? Actually I hundred percent.


What? Nah, I'm, I'm trying to go See that shit in London. National Fucking cousin. Man. I don't know that nigga. But introduce yourself. How Call uncle or something Aunt Somebody. It would have to be a mutual family member to do that. I'm not calling. That's what I'm saying. You got those though. What I'm be like yo call. Alright. In my family, in my family, that's Arm man. Catherine, hey Arm man Lee. No Aunt Catherine. It is Big dog but Arm man l put some shit together with the cousins that just came to talk to this. Yeah. That's all Connect with Hey man Lee. Who's that person in your family? You don't Know his mom? No, my mother knows his mom. Oh there you go. I don't be on that type shit man.


I don't care about that. It shit's Too cool. If he was, that's why. If he was, that's why 5% entertaining this nigga would be. I'm telling you his life and how he speak and how he carry. He just had 2% of the entertainment bone. Oh my God. You would be outta here. Yo, your fool. Jesus nigga. Nuts. This nigga just entertaining as just, Yo, you wouldn't do that. He'd be Say it. You'll do that. Yeah, I would do that. Hey wait, Chris Brown, my cousin. Shit, I'm calling to get the album. I'm calling to get a bunch of shit. What? Working on though. I would do that. We got a lot of pride, man.


Yeah, It's not about all anyway. Yo it's it's man shit dude. No, it's just some awkward shit. You calling some stranger like yo, you know we related. So It is just very, nah, you gotta, you gotta, you, you gotta build the rapport. You Gotta offer something like, yo, I see your, your, your kitchen looks like it could use some new tiles or something. Like you Need to decrease Your It is rich, rich, rich on another level. Exactly. Why you should be soliciting This. I'm gonna to LA to do the tiles. Yeah. Fuck he's rich. Tiles is nice. You need some tiles. Fuck you talking Word. Fuck. What is the word? Stop. It is cool dog. I'm alright. It is. No, no, no. It is not that. It's like A old cop Ass nigga. It is like Ed, like rigidity. Rigid Rigidity.


Yeah. Rigidity. Yeah, rigidity. It's another word you are Rigid in. You're just ways. And your, And we all are. Thank you. I don't know. We Are. Some of it might be because he's a little bit older. Well You wouldn't, you wouldn't be receptive to a cousin hitting you up outta nowhere that, that never met you. How receptive today? How about That? I just said I would call Aunt Lee. No, them call you somebody reach out to you. So what they call aunt, Nobody would call me Aunt Lee. My family knows how my family's my family. They know, they know me. They know how to do me. They know how to handle me. And she would know how to reach out to you. Man. Lee would call man Lee's daughter would call a cu. Brenda would call some a cousin. I like It is called me.


Ain't gonna be Orlando. I, I like Shout To Orlando. No but, But my family has cousins that we, That We love them. But Orlando, she be calling up Gina, Dave, my family know if Gina come on now that's anyway, that Orlando bitches, they gonna call me too. Course they gonna call you. They gonna watch us and Call you. No, my Virginia cousins gonna call me like yo heard that? She said Yeah, Fuck that episode. Don't let the family hear That you got, you got Virginia cousins. Yeah. I mean not not Virginia. Atlanta. I'm sorry. Atlanta. Atlanta the black much blacker. Watch yourself.


I Don listen man, I'm not playing with y'all Don't have no cousin war now. Please. Yeah. Word. My cousins are Better cousins than your cousins. My cousins Go you that nigga your grandfather would fucking his grandfather. That was the most crazy. Yo. Yo. Your family can't cook. That was a grit Better than my field. My uncle Could grits better than your uncle could talk about. Y'all are weird. There's no war to be had. If I'm not uplifting my brother, then I don't wanna do it. Y that's hilarious. Whatcha y'all talking about? Got you. If I'm not, if my relationship can be used as an asset and a wealth of joy sure then sure we can nix that. But that, that's any who? That's my purpose. Yeah. Y'all acting weird. Nah, that's Piece acting.


You Got it. You got it Phil. You got it homie. You got, you got it. Champ, champ, champ. It's a good use of Champ. Nah, just champ. Nah, that champed me. Yeah you champ. Oh my God. In the nineties them niggas used to sit right in front of you and champ a black mouth for like an Hour. Oh shit. What Does that mean? It's when they take the shit out, they take the, oh when they take that stuff out, they take the cancer paper. Oh my God. That shit is all cancer paper then Pour the shit back in there. Yeah It was a mess. It was a mess. Got freaked black. Well, alright. What we doing man At the house sometimes we, you the man at the motherfucking house, you get to go out and have fun and do shit.


If a grown man can't stay out late, who the fuck can't? Lake is for grown men. That's what the fuck is supposed to be. Goddamn kid. Yes. I had motherfucking fun. Yep. You ever practice the argument? Yep. I sure did have fun. If I don't wanna hear her goddamn mouth, God damnit Atlanta. I'm not finna hear her mouth tonight. Got in my car. I said Fuck that. Started that bitch up and hit a tree. Shit. Fuck That. That's close to hold. Fuck That. Put the argument in the eulogy. Bitch. I'm outta Here.


Tell it to the congregation. I'm the fuck Outta here. Hey, You don't know nothing about this. Mic check. Mic Check. One, 2, 1 2. So happy to be here. So happy to be here. God is good. Rest in peace Clark. Rest in peace Clark. We miss you and we love you. Shout to wherever you might be listening from 25 and up 30 and up 40 and up 50 and up 60 and up. Big New York, big Jersey.


Shout all the subgroup out there. All the patrols out there. Wait for the ladies. Wait for the, maybe not when cannabis is on, but everybody in the Carolinas out there Savage. Woo.


Fuck that. Oh God. Oh God. What up Brooklyn. Without what we doing. Squeeze those as them. Big second verse on here. Oh my God. I salute Trey Lee for you standing next to that glory. I remember when this shit first hit Mix tape. Oh. Oh my God. Shout all the mix tape DJs out there.


All the radio DJ music on upc Like Maxwell many dimensions blow over might in critical condition Killing your With cell phones. Bring it back home now from the two. We might as to talk 'cause I'm letting that second verse go. Yes sir. Anyway, how y'all feeling? Y'all good? Y'all good? Y'all good? Good, good. Y'all good? Looking good. Y'all smelling good. We got Gracie Award winners in the building More than I expect. I thought the was running. I chill. The heat doesn't run up in your shell.


About a dozen. You never see light. Your hand clutching your chest plate. Die keep hands high, right? Or game It is. Everybody getting ready for the summer? Almost there. Nine in the south day outta school. The south day outta school. Got two more weeks. Everybody coming from the pro. Let's go. Oh. Ooh. Oh man.


What's up? What you doing this weekend? Roots picnic? Yes sir. Picnic. Yes It is. Yes sir. Fuck Yeah man. Shit to do. Yeah, Beyonce man. Damn. I don wanna go to that shit roots. You missing the roots picnic. I know It is my backpack Lee. I'll put this shit somewhere else. You see me out there with a snowman shirt on. You leaving Earth. I don Dunno if I got time for another stand in the rain session. Ups. Why you need the gold bands? Oh wow. My bad. My bad. I used to be close to people. You feel Biggie. Y'all finally in the second verse.


Y finally he told us to talk. Yeah, he told before the second verse came on. Not during the second verse. You got Q, You got Q USS in yo Wheelie. Come again. Select let my gold band that you got. Wait, wait, wait, wait. What Could you, could you, could you re rewinding that to come again? Yeah. Man, watch What's man Branson now we ru man bitches getting get necked off, get money, don't forget one more chance. Then my other hits other shit. Nigga spit me counterfeit. Rob come naturally in and out like fucking make his chest.


Reggie Miller rapper dealer gorilla. So nigga keep your hands. Nah, chill tre Trey. You have a chill. You trying man. Yeah, het. He did. Well he did. I say he did alright though. Yeah he did. Tre wasn't no chu. Yeah he did. Well he picked up the phone calling him. Hey big man, he think I could get a verse. You think it big. He just, hey you know I like this beat. That's what you gotta be careful when you call one of them killers in there. And they liked the beat. Yeah. He Said, you know what Big told me he was on his way like Puff, I'm on my way, I'm on my way Cat. Daddy where you at? Yo. That's crazy. You call a nigga on some threatening you shit. And he be like O word.


Oh I be there in 10. Right. You like wait I said I'm gonna fuck you. I know I picked on Word like that's crazy son. Oh man. You know what? Make that other call, I'm gonna go grocery shopping. I'm not home though. Actually. I'm be, I'm gonna get you. That's crazy. Let me hear these drops for the best crew in the world. What's Car? What's up Flip and Mel. Mel, Mel.


What episode is this? Eight 30. Oh my god. My ger. Welcome to episode eight 30 of the Joe Button podcast. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, highly favored. A lowly favorite host here with a few really amazing people


brought to you by a fuel, by power by PrizePicks PrizePicks gang.


You to my right Gracie Award winner. Ah, big Melissa Ford is in the building. Booty fucking who? Next to her Queen Flip Queens. Get the money. Yup. Yup. Next to him. Eh? Oh wait, hold up, hold up. I didn't notice you didn't have a boot on. You graduated. Look it back outside. Big noise. Come on man. That's No boot trouble. No bootman. That boy healing. No Bootman. No no boot. He healing like Kobe. Boy. I get down with my day boy nigga no boots, nigga. Nah, for real. Welcome back nigga. No Bootman. That boy healing like Peterson. This nigga heavy handed as hell nigga.


We happy you back bro. How you feeling man? Bullish Bull bullis. Barry. It's coming. Can you stretch your foot out? Can you stretch it out? Stretch your leg out? Yeah. Could you just be excited? Stretch my leg out we go. Just wanna make sure you good. That's all. I'm just happy for him. Does It feel nice to wear two Sneakers again? Yeah, but I think the left one is a little fancier than the right. A It is all good. Bullshit. All my joints gonna have one bin. What'd you do with the book? It's in my car. This is my first day wearing it. So I don don't try to be too cute. Be Superman with that. Don't try to be too cute out there. Now you start therapy yet? Who? You start Therapy. I've been in therapy for 11 weeks. I'm talking about with The boot off. No, at the recovery house. Yeah. He take yo.


Okay, Well congratulations. Yeah man. I know. I know. That's a big deal. That shit Gotta feel amazing. It Is. It Is. It is getting there. Yeah. I'm hooping soon You're retired. Slow down. Slow down that shit. That shit was a shot to my ego dog. You gotta, you gotta get bounce Some Get back. No need some get Back. Right. It is okay for your ego to get shot. Catch. And then you gotta get some get back. Yeah. I'm gonna catch you niggas in September. Yo Joe. Head to the park real quick. Quick. Your ego. Your ego take a Shot. You Bugging It is going inspire you back better. You many phone calls I got my nigga. Yes I we got happen. You used to be nice. I'm like G Thank you. What? Yo you Bugging and now you're not.


So you gotta get the evolution Of life and aging. You Can't let that be that your ego Do. Your ego has to be set to a new place now. It did. It got set down. There ain't nothing wrong. My shit was all the way in hell. I'm good. Nah, I'm with you. Think I ain't pooping you crazy. Okay. I mean I wouldn't recommend it And as your friend, I feel like I got it tell you that. But at Least we'd a calendar year I think. Nah. Yeah. Yeah. All the niggas I know that tour, they shit all athletes. Mark tore shit. He, I mean storm tour shit. He back hooping like I'm, I'm going back to hoop. But their story doesn't have to be yours. True. It's how my wonder you Could just lay up now you own the construction business.


You got the PP. The PPP loans yo. Everything in school Hoop dreams. Never. Yeah. What are we trying to get a triple? It's the playoffs. Like Say whatever you want. All Right. I don't blame you though. I don't blame you either. I've been trying to, Well before you go beat me Beep. Yeah beat me. Hit me on a beep. Hit you on the hip? Yeah, I He beat I he's a beat. Yeah. Motorola two way page. I Think he's calling him out on the 1 0 1 Hit hit me on the motherfucking what's the shit Icey stories made me get them shit. What's the other one? The sidekick one. Oh Sidekick Rock kick. Yeah. Why did I have a sidekick? It's popular. What'd those called? SkyTel. I Sidekick the Blackberry. All S that you had. Thes. But I had a Sidekick. Sidekick was lit.


Okay. Why? That's just some birdy shit. Sidekick is fire nigga. Who was birds? You a bird nigga. Come on. Fucking I, I do want to eventually grow out of that. Oh okay. Look At you one day. One day soon. You still got wings. Hmm? Your wings ain't gonna go nowhere. Put 'em inside like what's his name. I forgot them all, nigga. Yeah. Oh boy. More money. You get freeze nigga. Introduce freezing pork. Don't ever do that. See you forgetting niggas. If you ever man was here, you would forget him. Introduce the niggas. Right. Nigga Freeze is here. Yeah. Big freeze. How about for we fall back.


I apologize. Here goes that big brother shit again. I'm sorry. I don't want to be his big brother. If that's late. The case too. It's too late. Hell no. Yeah It is there already. I don't want to be that. Sorry. Look, He isn't like my mentorship program. Yeah But you know my big brother. You my older brother, not big brother. It is older. No big even that. Even that right there. Not Big Brother. No, you my older brother. He can't be big bro. No, I don. No, not to me. Why though? I don. I'm good. I'm good. That's ego. He's my older brother. Yeah, but It is. It is. It is misplaced. Your big bro is who you call.


When you mean gotta get them boys up off you. Look, look, look. What do. Yes, you correct. You're Correct. No, that is A fact. You are a hundred percent correct. I mean I don't wanna be the one to say it. I mean, but I do want to be the one to say it. I mean Okay. Crazy. Yo. So call him big bro. Yeah Man. Come on. At least Least for the rest of the show. Fine Parks Here. At least for the rest of the show. Just Say bb. Just Say bb. BB Corey here trained in the building. He in the back. He to keep it somewhere in Tana and somebody else's Barber. Ramel Calls you a big bro last week. Even though she's older than You. She did. Yes. And I appreciate that.


You know what I mean? But I move like that. You don't move like that. We cool. We You move like you move. You my brother. You move like Big bro. Hey yo. Listen, this is not analog. It is about me. That is a great question. But it's not. You said it. Maybe hour two Boy. Good hour. Two. Hey Big Parks is here Bo Here. Cory is here. My son is over there looking sad man. It is. It is cool. She gonna come back. Emo come back man. You Was supposed to come and talk about it last time you ran. You ran from that seat last time. Oh, you wrote a thousand bars for this one You ran from that seat. Million. Oh my God.


Genetic. I got million bars. It is genetic. That bitch. No, she gone. Man. Bro, she gone bro. Gone bro. Anyway, how y'all doing man? What's up Ericson's here? Whoever else. I don't know man. What's Up? What's popping? What's popping? We good? We good? We Feeling good? Feeling good. I was, I was watching the Peewee Herman doc. Oh yeah? What you think? I liked it man. I ain't know he was, you know what I mean? Salute to him. But you know you ain't know what you Ain't know what I didn. He's a gay Man. I ain't know he was a gay man. But he also said that he played a role. Like he, he was able to, I forgot the terminology that he used, but he was able to be duality to come off. Duality come off straight while being gay. Like he was able to hide it. He's actor. Yeah. And one thing that I, Oh Yeah.


When that first gay relationship ended and It is fucking heartbroken. He said, all right, I'm presenting straight now. One thing I learned though from it that resonated a little bit was not the gay part. Chill out was when he, but we Didn't, nobody said that. Nobody said That. I just wanna make sure Just on your mind because he Looked, he looked at me. It is when he finally, It is when he produced, they gave him the rights to produces the movie and it was a flop. I love movie the second PB Herman movie. Oh the second one I didn see Yeah, the Sirki one. And that shit resonated with me. It is like sometimes nigga, when you have the help and you don't want to take it like when you, when you have something successful and then you wanna do it on your own and then when you do it on your own, that shit, that shit plummet. I didn't even know it existed. That's crazy. That shit. That's shit to your ego man.


I was like, damn. Like, And then he bounced there. Peewee Herman. I was young for all that shit. So the movie flopped. Cool. Then he bounced back The Christmas special With Jaja, Gabo, Madonna, Eddie Murphy, prince Michael Jackson, God, Oprah, anybody The biggest stars in the world was in the Christmas joint. Yes. So it was like they talking about ah, he fell. But the next movie he killed him. I was like Nigga who ain't about to kill him If you in the eighties, if you gimme all of these people, The, in the eighties, The S one, the one that I was in school fucking going crazy for. That was good movie. I Know if I remember the Christmas movie, I don, I don't remember the first one. I remember the first one. I remember the first one. The first one was good. The second one was the Sirki one.


It was just, don't even remember it. I don, he produced it himself. It was a flop. Yo, if you are a star, if you are an adult, if Star for Children, That doesn't sound great, but carry on. They did. I'm listening. That's not what I'm trying. I know, I know. Yeah, it does sound great. What's the proper way to say it? Peewee Herman was a star. Well it didn't start for kids, but it eventually made Children's, it eventually got to the children. You can't jerk off no more. Not publicly. Not Publicly. Not public. Hide that. Hide that beat. But He was a ed relationship nigga. Like he, he have time for himself. So he had to get off some. You Still can't. He go to sleep to an adult movie in jerk. Take showers.


Sarasota nigga. He was in Sarasota, Florida. Florida What a shower. Who the fuck thought there was gonna be a Sting in Sarasota, Florida? He probably thought he was pretty cool then. Who? Fuck was gonna be a fucking Sting Operation Nigga say the same shit about Massage Parlor in Florida. He got About as low as you could possibly get with you. You right. Yeah. That's real. That is real. He was broke. No, no, no. Jerking Off. No, he time of the world. He was just There. Oh, having a good time. We on top of, he just wanted to get down in the trenches a little Was on top of the world. This is what got him outta here. That's what that was. That's so unfortunate. You can't, you Gotta be careful. He was in Jersey too. When he laid low after the jerk off Shake. He came to Jersey. He was out here with y'all hiding out.


We saying he was hiding out in Jersey and somebody quit in New Jersey. And if you live your life as a character, It is real important for us to not see the real, the real yo. Like his mugshot looked nuts in the paper. It did. It did. They put Peewee Herman next to his real face with long head looking drunk. Stupid in the face. Yeah. Rest piece. Hermit was Sexually frustrated too. I'm sure they didn't let him finish. He offered them, he said, I can do a charity. He offered them to do a charity for them. If they let him go, he Probably offered a couple things. Oh, he Probably brought the shit out of him. Yo dog. Listen what I, what I loved about it. And then we'll move on from Peewee Herman. Yes.


He opens, it opens telling you Peewee Herman is no longer with us. But before he was fighting a private battle with cancer. Yes. But he shot 70 hours, 40 40 hours of film for this doc. And it opens with him saying, Yeah man. Like I just feel like a doc about me. I should have control of so respect it. This is my story. It does. I'm telling it the way I want to tell it. Yada yada, yada yada. I thought that and I'm like, I like that. I thought that was fired too. I'm like, that's too fire to be true. Why do you mean that? Because that's not how docs work. Tell me more.


Well, in the very next episode it was, well only two episodes, but in episode two he wanted to talk about the framing of the arrest and what led up to it a certain way. And he was like, well can you ask me these questions or can I add these questions or just answer 'em on my own? And the guy said, I think you know the answer to that. No, you're gonna answer the questions I ask you. Yeah. We paying you nigga. I'm producing you. Yeah. This is our shit. I don't know what you think this is. So yeah, that was just interesting to me, Huh? Yeah. But he could still, I, I get both sides. 'cause he could still in his version say I don't want a doctor to be made about me without me.


Any That's, that's what i's saying. They, they could have sold that nigga a dream and said Yo nah, you gonna control this one. You got this all that too. Because you Insert your questions. You, he didn't understand it. But you inserting your questions right here may fuck up the story that the producer is trying to tell. Even if it's two or three questions. Right. I'm deviating from what is a script. And those people put in a lot of work behind the scenes to come come up with those script For and probably put in their own money or whatever the case may be. They did that too. Yeah. Like and when people die is when we want the t We don't want your version of tiptoeing around and making it cute. No, you about to die. And we want to know, we wanna know the shit.


That's why we here. It is a big business out there. Niggas selling they life rights. For sure. For sure. And, and story rights, not even famous people. So look at it. If you, if you him, you know, you possibly gonna check out soon. I want to get my story out there my way. I don't want nobody else to tell my story. 'cause I know how when somebody else put a doc out, like you said, it's the t you can have me looking all crazy. Let me try to get some level of control over this by being a part of this. So yeah, I'm gonna tell my version of it true from my words. So nobody could tell my story for me. Now they could do whatever after I'm gone or as much as I can. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That makes sense. It was good. I'm gonna watch it. Go check it out. It's two episodes that again it's on HBO Max HB max.


Yes. It's on home box office. Go check it out. Okay. What did it leave you feeling after watching it? Did you, do you feel like it was kind of like a I was informed. I, I felt informed. It is not a feeling, but I left feeling a lot more informed about His Life. Peewee Herman and how he came to be his struggle, his story from start to finish again. When I jumped on it was for kids. Yeah. So even as an adult, just seeing that like, it's not recently that they putting gay figures in front of kids. Mm. True. That shit. They're still worried about it now. I think this a lifelong thing and you just don't No, not that it mattered, but it was, I was just well informed.


His struggle. Yeah. But that's what I mean When he, when he failed. Yeah. Him finding the character was the most interesting to me. Like developing character, finding the character. Peewee Herman. Yes. Gotcha. Gotcha. You gotcha, you gotcha. Yeah, Because he was a racist character before that Native American. And he said that he admitted that was racist 'cause he thought that he thought that the Native American character would be the one that takes him to the next level. 'cause people thought it was entertaining. And then he found the Peewee Herman character. He went through a few modes. Gotcha. But rest, rest in peace. Pee Herman, rest in peace. Sure. Yes. Yes. Definitely shout out to him. Now we just need to get Bob Ross back. His rights Nigga. They got a whole fact and they got a whole fucking warehouse of his shit. Y'all Ain't that justice.


People be fighting for the wrong shit. Get Bob Royce's rights like De La Soul. They tried to go there. They, you can't enter the the premises. The doors are locked. They tried. People tried to go get this man's rights for state, get The Wright brothers who made McDonald's. McDonald's who made McDonald's? The two black dudes give us, give us our shit back. They never given us McDonald's. A 10 billion sold. Never given us McDonald's. No niggas sold the burger spot watching McDonald's dog too. Anyway, come on. We gotta talk about what can we fight about today Now offset, man. What can We argue about today? Offset? Yes sir. Yep. Alright, So Offset is asking for alimony. It's a new filing within their divorce proceedings.


Get Paid, my brother. Okay. It Seems to be Interestingly timed after the Right. So cliff footage of the boat. Yeah. So Cliff notes are 2020 back in 2020. Cardi filed for divorce. First time she decided to give love a chance and got back together with offset call. Loved ones not the love. Well, you know, that's debatable. And then she, whoa. Well, I mean, let me finish the cliff notes. And then in 2024, I think you, You're not an advocate of love. I I am a huge advocate. I'm a fucking marshmallow. No you're Not. Si I am a marshmallow. I love, love. Okay. Hallmark fucking cards make me cry. Okay. I I love, I Love It Sounds like a sucker.


Oh, maybe a little bit of a sucker too. Absolutely. But hold on, let me just finish the cliff notes. Okay. So August, 2024, she refiles for divorce and she basically says it's not because of cheating. Well, she retracts that statement a few months later and says yes the fuck it was. And it was also, she also threw in threatening and stalking and revenge porn. So now he has asked for alimony and spousal support, but with the caveat that they have joint custody. But she be but their primary residence be her house. He wants to cake. Cake and eat too. Sounds like boy. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds like it. Right. He Said their primary residence will remain her house with Her.


Yes. Yeah. When we get joint. He responded through, he responded through his attorney and said that he's only doing it because they're trying to just put him over the, put him over the Kohl's and asking for every single thing that you could possibly ask for. Oh Really? That's what he Also, We're not, we're not hearing that side of it. We're just hearing this. Okay. Yeah. We're just hearing that makes sense. Mm. Gotta fight back, get Paid. Get paid. Yeah. I'm distinguished cast who has a controversial take on this? Oh, now in pre-production we all agree get paid young nigga. I don't know if Mel fell. That's a Mel, you agree with us too, right? No, You, you're such a liar. Nobody agreed with that. What? Yes we did. Oh no, I Think we all, everybody did It.


Wait, hold on. Wait. What? Everybody get paid. Young man, young nigga get paid. Okay. I'm alone on this island. Please tell me your argument for why he should get spousal support. You don't be listening to my pre bro. She Definitely, no, I have idea anyway, Go ahead. Yeah, but no, I'm asking like, please present the argument why he should get spousal support. Usually the person asking for spousal support actually fucking needs it. Got it. You know, this is usually a circumstance in which there's one, one person is like the pri this the breadwinner that they Be. Yeah, you're wild. You're wilding on the internet. That's it. Yo, you're wilding on the internet. You doing a lot. Well she's Wait, wait, you running around? Wait, she's Wild. Step by continue by trying to, you know.


Yes. Yeah. The mother of my Continue on with her life. To him. To him. You're the mother of my children. You're wilding. Allegedly. You cheated on me while pregnant with our child. Yeah. Oh, okay. That's alleged. But there's No, I think she said's of I'm saying alleged. 'cause I don't know what happened. But this is what he said. So the person that was cheating alleges that she was cheating. I'm not. I'm we're, I think she admitted. Did she? Mel? Well, also, also going to cheaters. One person cheating you. Cheating pregnant. Oh shit. It's not the same Two of y'all. Okay. I don't necessarily believe that she did, but hey, I, I'm, I'm not, You took my baby to his house. No.


Soel is your argument, your, is your argument mainly she doesn't need the money. A thousand percent. I agree with Mel. My argument is that he does not need the money and that this is just malicious intent. Yeah. You know, just to piss her off because the reasons why she's given for filing for divorce is not just cheating. It's also, she's also included threatening, stalking and revenge porn. Like this is a lot of can and also publicly speak speaking and disparaging her publicly. Like it's re he He's they both, he's both did, they both did That. Did I feel like it's been retaliation on her part? They both did it. That's all I'm saying. They both did. No, you do this with these topics.


Yeah. And if piss is it off? No, Don't, no, don't, no. You over here trying to Fan the flames. I'm doing Good. No, he's, no, don't nigga put your, put your Superman eyes over there Burning nigga. Trying to No, you over there looking like, but I could tell when something hit is like triggering near and dear to Mel. I'm not gonna say triggering. No, it's not triggering. It's just like I can just look at the situation and just say like, you know, he is, he's, he's professed how much he loves her. But I mean, they're both young, you know, they're both young, famous, rich and shit like that. How do that you feel about it? If it's just lawyer games, like if what he's saying is true and it's in response to how this is being litigated. Like what if some of the claims that she's making are not true outside of what we, we've seen some of the infidelity stuff, but some of that other stuff, we don't know if that's true.


That could just be the, I think that saying that he has, he sent a video, you know, a video of sexual activity with her to another guy like revenge porn that's very specific. You know what I'm saying? Well She then hit up one of the girls that allegedly that he was fucking with, with some tea. What was the T Listen, I'm not kidding. King put me too much in their business. Do You feel like male, that if if somebody is well off, they should not ask for spousal support? Absolutely. Even if they're man or woman. Absolutely. A thousand percent. I'm remember last episode, I'm the woman who said I would want a prenup. Yes, you did say that. Yes. So absolutely they, yeah. So they both are, you know, exceptionally rich, like maybe even wealthy at this point.


Says Who? But, but, and his levels too. What's, he's intentionally rich. He's worth 30 million. She's worth a hundred million. That's what's being reported. Okay. I think. Yeah. Well that Wait, What's, what's the sp tell me what all That hot and bother shit is. School. Tell me what the spouse support. Tell me what the Spouse off niggas is getting paid. So What's the sp Mel? I don't see how you could want him to live in a lesser home with those children. Life With the children. My 30 she's gonna have the primary residence with Is not, It is not all, It's not sold. It's not all the time. It's still joint. And he put his dreams to the side to push her.


Oh, Did he? That's true. He did. That's true. Yeah. All right. Yeah, he did. That's so full of shit. He did not. He gave her his whole management team fixed contracts. They represented her for mad long. Yeah, he did. Okay. Maybe, maybe she doesn't get that a hundred without him. Just say At It is probably, it's possible that she doesn't just, but here she is. Just say you fucking with the women and don't wanna hear none. That's, It's not, Yeah. What you trying to do? The word salad? I, I, I distinctly remember a Jimmy Butler conversation in here. Okay. But I don't want beef. When Jimmy Butler was giving his baby moms maybe 10, 12 grand, 20 grand or something. And she wanted way, way more. And you stood on the side of getting more money from Jimmy, Jimmy Butler, he was giving his baby mother a shit ton of money already.


So again, that is a situation where Jimmy Butler is the primary breadwinner. And she, I don't, I don I just wanna go, let's just say she ain't got shit. Okay? We're not talking about that here. We're talking about offset and fucking Cardi B. Whether it's he's got 30 million, she got a hundred million, he is not outside with a fucking cup in his hand. Like, please sir, please, what's the spousal support? I just don't See that. But real quick. But if he's giving her 20, 30 something a month And he's also, It ain't that She ain't got show Jimmy Butler was paying 55 KA month in child support. That's all. We not gonna say she, she wanted more money. Okay. And we said, what the fuck? And y'all came in here and argued that she is deserving of more money. So it's, so let me finish Please.


If Cardi B is worth a hundred or 200 million and homeboy is worth 30 or 50, there's a huge disparity in that number. I wouldn't do it me, the man that I am, I wouldn't ask her for shit. But I'm not mad at him. If he is doing it, I would do okay. We know Ice is gonna get, We know I'm getting paid. I I wouldn't do it personally, but It would just be interesting to find out his reasons for wanting sp spousal. Why? Huh? He saw the video on the boat. He didn't like That. 'cause because you, because that's what you have to prove. You have to act, you have to prove why you need spousal support. I don't know that to be True. I don't know that to be true. Yeah. I, I don't think so. My understanding is that you do, and so they will go through, you know, bank accounts and under, you know, like the justification is that I want to be able to maintain the same, the same lifestyle.


Yeah. We, We got egos, we got pride. And a lot of times when we see our significant other or our ex move on, we gonna do what we can do. Even if it's lawyer games, we gonna do what we Can do to make, I don't even wanna put that on there to I'm not saying him. I'm just talking about me. Yeah. Gotcha. And I think that a lot of people I want do to make your life a living hell, you can't be on a boat shaking ass. I think flips absolutely right. Make Shit, whatever the Fuck that is with fire shit. While I'm in the fucking video shoot with a, with a a fucking, what's a bathtub next to me? Yeah, It is a two. It is just different. Now gimme spousal and I, nigga I want, I want depression report, gimme all that shit. What's all that shit you could ask for? Pain And suffering, pain, all That. Yeah.


A large part. A large part. I'm with you. Flip. No, he's absolutely right. He is absolutely right. Well if you recognize that he's absolutely right, but she's saying It is wrong. She said even if I'm right, that's wrong to, to you because he got money got as a way to get it. 'cause you have money Already. Oh no, no, no, no. That's Because your ego's been fucked with Yes, yes. You know what I'm And that's malicious. That's, that's a malicious No you're Fucking with it. It's not. My ego just so happens to be fucked with I see what you're saying. You're actively fucking with my, okay, let me just land please. We do that a lot here. Sorry sir. We can't talk and listen at the same time. Just, just rock with me. Gotcha. It is a good talk. A large part of separation is managing emotions. Okay. Not just yours.


Sorry, sorry to break it to you. Unfortunately I've gone through this, I've gone through this. Listen to your Maturity bro. Well I've gone through mediation before. I'm real to your maturity bro. And I had emotions and she had emotions and I had things I wanted to get and she had things she wanted to get and no matter how much emotion was in it, we had to find a way to navigate through that. If you know you going through divorce and no sign that we've seen says it's been a friendly one. No. Then what do you think is going to happen when you parade around town with the beautiful football player on the boat at the Met Gala?


Y'all not just running around court. This ain't court Side. At the court side At the next game. This ain't like me and my ex breaking up and then she go to X-bar with some new nigga. Yo yo tell Yeah, fucking Papas with some new nigga. This is a different level. This is, there's levels to this Abso fucking basketball games. This I'm traumatized France holding hands On trauma. This nigga, we popped out intentionally because it was rumors before that they were seeing each other. Nigga catch. He started the rumor catch em. Yo it was here, it was there it was different Fashion week shit. They was at Girls love karaoke. I got the fuck outta there. They came and sat right at the table. Yeah, but I ain't with all that superstar shit, I'm Outta here.


But that's what I'm saying though, being that girl love karaoke is not the same thing as popping up courtside at the Knick game. True. Holding hands as you walk into the, into the, and holding hands while sitting. I I mean you say that I've been, I've been where Flip is saying before. So my brain would take it to, if you act, if I'm home stalking my girl or my ex, if you act girls love karaoke with this nigga, that means both of y'all are in New York and this is a after or pre-game. What is going on? Ain't this ain't the real move, I'm Not even talking and I'm gonna keep it a buck. You two is coming from somewhere. True. I'm that type Of, that's what I'm talking about. And I'm gonna keep it a buck. Yo, you at Girls love karaoke. That means you really fuck with this nigga.


Yeah. Like You at the Knicks game. That could be for sure. That's like some superstar shit, right? My nigga. You down at the the motherfucking cheese. See I'm stink spot in the hood. You fuck with that When it comes down to fucking with my ego, like y'all was saying bro, you popping up at these places, met Gala, et cetera, that's gonna get national coverage. Coverage. That's true. It is different than you at Girls Love karaoke where niggas outside of New York don't even know what that is and You popping out with a nigga. It is different. Do all the same shit was complaining about with me, if not more or worse. That's hate. That's what, but it don't, that's what it don't matter. So that, That shit be basically that's what a man says when he's sitting at home, lost his whole family and now got time to think about the grievances that she laid out.


Now we watching your next move. That's step one. We be scared a little bit. Maybe she gonna find a good man. That's step one. Maybe she gonna find somebody that don't agree with my whale And You go out and fucking Y'all. That's step one. That's true because then when you see who she with and you know how he move, oh it's coming again anyway. And he's sitting there like he gonna do the same shit. Y'all broke up and she ran the fucking Houston for James Harden weekend. Queue up the playlist homeboy, you sick, just queue up the playlist. Y'all broke up and it took a three days to be a John Wall DC party.


Okay, so what part is worse? Yeah, you Better Cut me off. No, what part is Worse? You better? You better cut me off. I'm my Bad. What part is worse as it relates to you guys as, as it relates to men in general. I know y'all are on a monolith, but try and like, you know, just do the general guy think thing. What part is worse? Is that she's stepping out with, can we refer to Stefan as a sniper here? Is that what we would do? I mean, I think Most people boy with the male. Okay, so I didn't know if it was like What level is a different conversation. I didn't if it was like just a woman thing or if it was just like a, he Got some kills. Okay. He's a sniper Navy seal. I know if He's a sniper, pretty Navy Seal. Navy Seal, Navy Seal. He's a, you, You see him. You see him? Yes. Yes. I've got eyes. Yes. Okay. So I don dunno, That Ain't I don, maybe still I'll come up with a fucking Concern.


Maybe seals, you know, you don't see them. That's the point of a sniper. That's what I'm saying. That's why I don't know if I, I don't know if he's A Navy Seal. He might be, yo, I think he one Of the young sports niggas that fucking looked up to rappers girls, I mean, or looked up to rappers, seen they girl now that It is his time to shine, he just on a fucking mission no matter how you do. Okay. So what we're just gonna call him a sniper for now. Okay. Is the, is the bigger problem that she is dating a sniper and so she might have possibly in maybe offsets eyes upgraded or is it the fact that he now knows that she literally doesn't give a fuck anymore? Because the first time, that's the second one. The, the first time that she filed for divorce, he was able to Get Her Back and she stayed for several years and they had another baby you Glazing.


But then the next time she files for divorce, enough shit had probably happened. Yeah. Repeated actions that she, and also also weathering the storm of continuous public humiliation. So her public humiliation was while they were married and he was cheating. She's on the outside of that marriage. And is he not the first one to have stepped out publicly with somebody else? And she was a beautiful girl, but nobody knew who the fuck she was. It's a slap. She just happens to be dating a fine ass star. No, no. It's a slap. That's really what the fucking problem Is face. When you, when you put all the stuff on the table Us a question and answered it And, and made up some other shit. Make Up. I mean Parks did kind of answer it.


I didn't You're speaking for men. It's a No, you did answer it because you said it was the second one. It's A slap in the face when you lay everything on the table and say this is why I'm leaving this relationship just to get in bed or get with somebody that does the same exact thing. No, and he said months ago when they first were talking about the breakup, this is who she fucking with. And everybody was like, eh, maybe, maybe not. 'cause they were denying it at first. Right. He knew that early when she was pregnant he was like, yo, this is who she fucking with, nigga. I listen, He laid it out there. If don't fuck with a nigga like me, go get yourself a, a nerd, a geek, a professor at a college. Go get yourself one of them somebody cool. Go get a nigga from Starbucks that worked by a manager. Something different for You.


Kicking card B is not fucking with someone from Starbucks. I'm not talking, I'm just talking about, I'm using me as an example. I wouldn't want you if you lay on the table, I don't like this about you dad, about you, dad, about you. You're doing this and then you get with somebody that does the same thing I'm doing. You lost It is issue. And we gotta stop saying that. What? Which one? We gotta stop saying such and such because of their cache wouldn't do such and such. That's true. You might be right. They just don't That true publicize. They might not Public all Doing that Might They? A lot sl. That's true. And then when they get the big fish, that's when they pop out on them Or that's when the media finds it interesting enough to write it up. But that, But that was offset's first beef. What is that? Oh you playing romantic games with my ops?


Ah, he worded it differently. Yeah, but he said, oh you, you playing different. Different like you fucking Miami. Oh I ain't know that. So you, so you mad that I play your game better than you Who Said that? Complain about me. Then Mel Lemme ask you a Question. Alright. We should Escape this. Yeah, we should. We should leave. Come on y'all. Come on. Mel's mind is made up. We not trying to co coerce you. I'm Posing Questions. What Game I'm literally riffing on said what Joe was saying said and what Flip Was saying. You said, yo, you mad that I'm playing your game better than you? Yeah. Who, what was his game? His game was, he was fucking her ops. I don't know. No cheating. I'm asking you that. No, just in Yeah, just in terms of like Well Mcci would say yes. Yeah, she would. She would say yes, but I'm asking And just Yeah, We know she was, he was fucking her SI don't know nothing I'm talking about.


Gotcha. I don know nothing I'm talking about. Gotcha. I have no idea. To your point, y'all cheating or Fidelity or that I think that they both are married. I think that they both have children. I think that they were in love at some point in time and when you break up, you in my opinion, have to consider the other person's feelings. Especially publicly. I think that's what mature people Should do. I don't think that he, I think she would argue that he did not consider, Yo we wanna be, you just keep yo enough of the woman voice. How long was that last A year? Get us wise? I, I believe, and I'm saying this in closing, I believe double standards should exist sometimes.


Y'all have definitely said that up here. What Life is double standards man. And we believe So he hear that. So he's saying Yo, I been hoeing you shouldn't really have as much time to hoe as me 'cause you the primary. What you need to do is sit a little high ass down and put an album out but you won't. That's what he's saying. And y'all and The co-parent dad news is always gonna be able to say that. And we gonna say it and it's gonna sound nasty. Hey, we know what the truth is under that. But niggas is gonna say, yo, where's my kid with Nana again?


You moving and shaking again. Where the fuck is Timmy? You right. Where's our baby? I'm gonna need a cut anyway. That's enough of us minding people. Business. Yeah. Facts, thoughts and prayers. Teas and peas. Teas ands thoughts and prayers. Listen, summer's about to get hot niggas home from jail and they plotting. Be careful out there. This is the right season to lose your girl to get a bank account frozen to get the wrong phone call wrong. The wrong family member done got kidnapped. One bad thing this summer could change the whole landscape. So just be careful out there. Be careful. Some of y'all did the spring breakup and now y'all gonna try to punk stunt fly on your ex for the summer.


Be careful. All I'm saying is be careful. I already see it out there. It'll backfire. I'm already definitely backfire. Half of Instagram is doing gender reveals. Boy y'all was fucking y'all killing them shit too. Of smoke bonds and all types of grenades fight and half of Instagram is the streets. And I already see the girls with they breakup captions in the stories. Yeah, I see. I see it already. Wait, what did they sound like? They posting. They posting. Oh what? What's the breakup caption Sound like. You know, you Know all girl it's not on, it's not on my timeline. I promise it's not in on my, One of my homegirls had the new apartment keys and said free at last.


And the same way I think that, and I'm leaving this again 'cause this might be controversial but the same way. Oh shit already prospects hold up for many prospects. I'm in my bag. Prospect. Hold up for minute. Hold up For what? Go ahead. Yeah. What am I about to say man? And the Same way And hold up. This might be controversial. Damn, what the fuck, what's controversial? Some Cardi also. Oh you niggas need to go to hell now. The dudes that's trapping the girls. 'cause I talk to the girlies more than anything. You don't say I talk, I talk to the girlies now how they trapping them. The dude is going, she gonna get pregnant. The dude is gonna say, yo, let's do it. She gonna say Nah, I'm cool.


Nah, let's do it. Come on, come on. I don't really know. He gonna say nah, nah, I'm with you. Come on we for life girl. Baby shower gonna be late. Come on. I'll believe in abortions. Yeah that's day one. That's that thing. I'm believe in that. No dead ass. We not lying. We are not lying to you. And then she gonna have the baby and then he going realize I don really like, and then in six, seven months he gonna change his mind. I don't really feel like dude should be able to do that to girls. That's a contradict that Happens. No, that happens. I don't feel like dude should be able to do that to women. That's a con. That's fucked up. That's that is fucked up. Ain't a that That ain't me contradict. No, I was gonna, no, I said that's a controversial opinion. Well it's guess dude code a little bit I guess.


Yeah in some, some when you in the moment you wanna keep something and that's just fire you like, oh come on, keep that We we gonna take It over together. You just say a whole bunch of things that you probably don't mean. Yeah, but you saying it in the moment. I also think the dude that says I don't want to be a parent should not be committed to child support. I have some wild thoughts. Oh, speak to that though. As far as this. Speak to that. I wanna hear the room speak to that. To which one? The second. Oh, the child support party? Yeah. No, no. Just the one that don't wanna be a parent. No, the the man that says yo dog, I don't want to go down this route. And then having to pay child support. I think he should do community service 500 hours at least. Yeah that should be a charge. Take a, yeah. Fuck that lady whole life up. Yeah. He should take a sex ed class nigga lost me.


Fuck the guy that trapped the lady. No, he said he speak to the opposite. Speak to the man guy that she got pregnant and he told up on the rip, yo this is not what I wanna do. And she like, oh well we doing this anyway. Speak to that to that guy. Well I just did. I did the A and the BI told you my thoughts on it In that scenario, I don't think that guy should have to bet. Yeah, that's, those are my controversial stories. What should be, what should be the repercussions for the woman? Oh I don't know. I'm not, I don dunno if it should be repercussions. That's I'm Saying I don dunno about that. Alright. But I I'm not a You niggas that's trapping these girls. Y'all need help. That's fucked up. Anybody trapping anybody? Yeah. Because it ain't just a nigga. It is trapping that's going both ways. Yeah. And anybody trapping somebody need help.


That's another double standard though. So women should be allowed to trap but not men. No, but women are incentivized differently to trap than men. So differently. Yeah, but there's a men, some men are incentivized to trap a woman in they mind. And those men are probably trapping women. But I think that women are more incentivized. Okay. That way. So how you sitting here saying a man niggas need to stop. Why is a man doing that? I'm saying in the case that that scenario doesn't exist. Where you, she got all the money when that scenario don't exist, how are you incentivized to trap her? Because a lot of them streets them insecure ass niggas. Yeah. Want you to be tied down by a baby and not be outside. And I think those niggas should able to play in the streets like you used to. Those the guys should do community service.


I'm not disagreeing with you, but I'm saying that. So there should be no penalty for the girl that traps the guy. Yeah, that's what I'm asking. She need 20,000 hours. If he has to do community service, what does she have to do for trap? Would the penalty be just maybe not, she can't get the child support or at least on the same level of child support. Well that is true. I keep saying that. Yeah, you said that. You did say that. You said that. Okay. I was just making sure. Don't Listen to me man. No, you said that sometimes You want arguments. You got arguments When Mel might be made up on some shit. Mel, you not Malleable Malleable at all. That was the word I was thinking. I mean, I told you I was standing 10 toes down on shit now. Fuck it. You got a Gracie, you can do that. S good man. That part I'm, yeah, I'm I'm not even gonna participate in this part of the conversation.


Yeah. 'cause y'all are wilding For real. Which part? The the whole trapping and child support and shit like that. That shit is fucking crazy. I'm, I'm Wild Because you guys are speaking. I'm violent. I think It is wild period. In general, like just in general the whole trapping conversation. We are neglecting to process the fact that there is a child in this matter that did not ask to be here. So whatever fucking games y'all are playing with each other. There's still a kid. Don't matter no more. That is, it doesn't even matter anymore. That's right. There's a fucking kid that needs to have his life or her life sustained. Right. And that is sustained by a friend of mine just had, you know, just had a baby and he does very, very well for himself.


And my first thought I was like, I'm gonna call him. I'm gonna say, Hey, I wanna send you a gift for the baby. And I started thinking to myself, what should that gift be? Little baby Wipes, Little barbecue chair. I was gonna, I no, I was going to send all the essentials savings Bond. Okay, well there's there's that too. That's a good thing too. But I, but I was gonna send all the essentials because girl, the baby, His girl said you ain't gotta send nothing. Let her ask your God. I'm sure she would, I'm sure she would be very grateful for the essentials that babies need in that first year of life kind of thing. Because that's, that's really it. Having a baby is not sexy past the fucking gender reveal. The shit gets fucking real. You know what I'm saying? So it's just like dude can have who trap, who blah blah.


There's still a baby here. You know what I mean? That has to be taken care of. Like it's nuts. And the fact that you guys are not the ones on birth control is fucking wild to me. You guys. I ice is own birth control. No, no. Listen, I think I wish I'm on birth control too. Shit. I wish more men did what you did because vasectomies are reversible. Yep. I think I feel like more men should do what you listen do just go ahead and have all the unprotected sex that you want as long as you've had a vasectomy and then when you do want to have kids, then you get it fucking reversed. But to, but to put the onus of birth control solely on the woman, It is fucking crazy. And then you run the risk of quote unquote being trapped. My favorite, favorite part of the show. Big dog. I gotta tell about She ain't said nothing wrong though, but you run The but you run the risk of being trapped quote unquote trapped.


Now I was Fuck that Gracie War King with some adderalls s that mushroom coffee. It was in the gift Bag with you. Well look At, look at ish telling fucking post secrets. Oh she Blowing shit up. Yo It is time for our favorite party. Yes It is. You ain't gonna, you know, I'm trying to get it back. Somebody never Can you think about my question before you just rush out there? I, No, because I know Have you never thought? Never? Oh my god. Ugh. Let him finish. Okay. Alright, go ahead. Go ahead, finish. Have you never, ever, ever, ever thought about trapping a man? Literally that I knew that was the end of the end of the question. That's why I was answering. Well, Show me the respect and let me finish.


Okay. Respect. Are you finished? I'm done. Okay. Emphatically no. And y'all know what my roster fucking look like. I Don't know. I don't know. Yes. The Fuck you. I Don Come on. I don, I don what? Rex. Rex Rex. Youre you got Rex. And if I was that, if I was that swear, if I was that type of girl, I could have done it five times over. We Don't know. But You right Bitch. Yes you do. Yes you do. That cafe go so strong. I could have done it several times over if I was that type of woman. I'm not. It's just, it's not, it's not my thing. Nobody. It never was Mel When you was running around day them young niggas you was trapping.


What do you was trapping You. You do remember I was young at the time too. Ah yes. Now I was part, now I was top off on the show and I'm still here. You hear her girl give it a break. She was still trying to get it Off. Yeah It is. It is over for that woman empowerment shit.


PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash money with millions of members. PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to each and every one of you. Really easy and simple to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a chance to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with PrizePicks. Lemme give you the Joe and ish picks of a week. Go Knicks. Knicks and seven. Shit done went from five to six to seven. Be like That. It is Nixon until it ain't. You got it ish. Has Halliburton for more than four and a half rebounds Miles Turner for more than four and a half field goals made. It's a lot of pace for OG and nobi for more than six and a half points and assists and Brunson For less than six and a half assist that half is Ry. You gonna have five or six but that half. Yeah. Brunson Vale less than six and a half assist. If you download the PrizePicks app, write this second and use promo code J-J-B-B-P. You get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat for the people in the back. If you download PrizePicks, write this second and use promo code J-J-B-B-P. You give $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game. Go K Nix.


Yeah man Go Ns. Go Knicks one the we won the other night. I can't come in here and get braggadocious because of the way that the pod schedule aligns with the playoff schedule. By the time you hearing this we play tonight, it's in Indiana. It could go bad. I would come in here with egg on my face. Mark would come in here with fucking Dale Davis. Antonio Davis best. So I wanna be best so I wanna be respectful. Good game. Glad the Knicks did what we had to do in game five. Hopefully we pull it out in game six and we return to the Garden four game seven. That's what you have home Home court advantage for.


And you knew eventually once they won two in the garden that you would have to win two in Indiana. So I mean there's no surprises here. Yeah. And with that said, good luck. Good luck to them man. We'll see Who he what. You Don't feel confident though. It's a little Tricky. I, I feel as confident as you can feel going into the situation. I'm gonna keep it a buck though. If anybody could do what y'all could, you know I don't want y'all to win but the Knicks is tough. Yo. They play hard. They scrappy, they got hard the size of Alliance. So if anybody could do it, Y'all, I look at it like this, the series should be three two New York right now and then we would go to Indiana and Lose and come back home and win it in seven. Why you say that?


Because the Knicks should win game one. They lose game two. The Knicks should win game three. They lose game four. They should, It is reversed. They win game five in the garden, go to Indiana to lose in game six and then you come home and win in game seven. But it didn't happen like that Got. So that's how I see it. But we'll see. Yeah, I don't wanna date the conversation by talking about Nicks Go Nicks go Nicks. I'm with you guys. Go Nicks and and that's that. What else can we argue about? What else can we fight about or get along about but get along Don't sound fun to me. We haven't talked new music in a very long time. There hasn't been no music to talk about In a long time. It is over for all these niggas.


Ain't no music to talk about It is been, oh sorry. I'm sorry. We got some drops this week. Yeah, Let's speak with some, some music. Leon. Leon Thomas dropped dropped the Mutt Deluxe A Deluxe which I usually stay away from. It's Very good though. No it's fire. Yeah It is fire. It is heat on there. I was Gonna play with too buddy. Fuck it. You got it. Clipse is back. That's what I cared about the album. The album is coming July 11th. July 11th. Single is out. How gonna sound freeze? I I it sounds exactly what you expect from from the Clips. Play. Play a little bit. Play a little bit. Fuck we don't wanna take your word for it. We need to. I got you Lord. So we need to hear no malice. Malice. No malice Is no malice.


No malice. No malice. Not malice. Oh No malice. He's a man of God. That's Right. It is true like me. But you can't. Okay I'll wait to hear it. You a Christian No nigga. He is a Pentecostal. He's Pentecostal. Pentecostal is Christian. Aint that's Christian? Me It's a corny Christian. Yeah It is A certain division. Certain division. Christian Light. What? What are you ish? It is not light. What are you Catholic? Pentecostal is them niggas that be What are you fire in Brimstone. You got you in mega church mask. Yo. This Is ly inappropriate ballerinas doing pirouettes inside of my snow Globe.


Shopping Sprees soho. You had to see it. Stripper shaking ass and watching the dope blow a trumpet and rose mode look like pp. Oh shit. Bitches. Oh shit. Shit to three. Oh my god. My son said that's on repeat sins of the father. So I call you. It's easy. How could you win? Oh God be ever seen. His peers can't compare U just When P Pearl gets in his dark bag, PLL in his dark. Just I'm going to banger you. I'm about to ask you and freeze the demonic bag. I'm about to ask you Freeze. Does this change our recent perception of Pharrell?


Like if I go in the studio and a producer turns this beat on Beat only it's Rap City, it's big ticket Rap City. This beat is phenomenal. I I've heard three other beats from this album that are, That all sound phenomenal. Yeah. Is Pharrell using the clips to get back some of get back some of his rep like Pharrell lost some of his. He did. He lost his stuff. He lost a little Bit but I mean last time he was with Clips it was banger shit. All hell hat The furry Was Yeah it was the last time he was with Travis Scott. It was not. And the last time he was with some other people, you know we've judged Re Yeah you're right, you're right. These beats sound like It's sometimes He's kicking Chad his ass in the lawsuit when I get With them It is different. That's all. That just sound like a certain synergy.


That's just Something needs to be said. It is different over here for push inspiring or Eclipse inspiring Pharrell and Kanye the way that they do. Oh for sure. Something needs to be said about that. Mm. Yeah. Kanye tweeted, he's inspired him now. He, he tweeted he missed push his friendship. Well Stop being a bitch ass nigga then. Very simple. If you just stop being a bitch ass nigga then niggas then the real niggas will stick around a little bit. True. But you soft and you suck Dick for so many years that niggas could smell that stench on your breath. Still like whoa like Hallat Posis like Dick Osis in your mouth. Mouth nigga Play musical chairs too much wear and tear on your face. She couldn't please me.


White glove service. Yeah. How you telling nigga that Luigi so next to see and disappeared. I'm Houdini. Look at them. Him and him still waiting on Yeezy. I hope you got your squeegee at your interviews. I just kick kid life peachy there is ridiculous. You rapper us all beneath me but love like the beaches in the national flights. Connect me to the wey. The only way you reach me. Huh? Ballerinas doing pirouettes inside of my snow Globe shopping Sprees Soul Ho you had to see it. Stripper shaking ass and watching the dope Blow A trumpet and rose mode. No ball, no Ballas Pan Mal fishing Village visiting with Papa.


All of you. And Pasta simply just for R Window shoppers. The one that I just thought it looked like it was built by naa. Oh my God. Pause this, pause This, pause this. Pause this. You still got it. Pause this. He ain't miss a step bro. You ain't hear his verse on push his album on a Nigo album? Nah, no we didn't hear all that shit you heard man. Oh sorry. Well you should be listening to rap. I'm joking, I'm joking. He ain't missed a step. I think something needs to even be said about that to step away. As long as he's stepped away and to come back sounding like that, he still sound like Lord will kind. Yeah. Yeah.


This is when they was arguing about who's the best rapper in the Clipse. Right. I'm not saying that ever again because I got dissed because of it. I'm going that conversation. Who did you say? I said Malice was the best rapper in the Clipse. Oh yeah. You shut up and push. He didn't like that. You gotta Shut up. And I caught bars because of It. You can't say Malice is better. When Malice went to go join the church and Well no this was 15 years ago. This was back then. Got it, got it. Well back then a lot of people said malice. Well he didn't care that they said it when I said it, it was a fucking problem. It's funny. Your voice is strong. It's funny being tight about that when it's your brother getting the props, like that's how competitive they are. Your voice is too powerful. Which is what he said In a response Like That. Yeah, for Real.


It wasn't. It don't matter ice. It's your voice is strong. Sorry buddy. This is fine. This album is gonna be sick. Yeah It is. It's not like it's hell. It's really gonna be sick man. They got, they got their distribution set up. They probably have A date now, right? Yeah, July 11th. Oh yeah, July 11th. They have a date. They've been doing great since they left Jim Jones alone. Man. Jim Jones put them boys. Jimmy put them boys back on the right. Let me stop the pushing Dick. Me. Hey push. I gotta perpetuate the beef. I'm sorry. Even if you dis me, you know I love you nigga. I don't care. I'm gonna give them to come up here too. Don't worry. They'll be up here. Push gave this podcast arguably the greatest interview it's ever had.


Yeah, that's Nice. That was great. Arguably the greatest interview it's ever had. I was a starless when I got that call from Karen. Yo push want to come right at the height of the beef. You wanna tell it all? Wait, wait what? You come to the house, You know what I mean? Let me get outta here. Yeah. Big business move. Shout out to the clips man. Yeah, super Five Man. Can't wait. Do this project and shout out to Pharrell. If he's showing up like that. He, He's showing up. What other music came out? Honey, baby came out. I didn't get a chance to check it out yet in my RB bag. But yeah. Album. You know I support Honey Baby. I shout the Honey Baby. We love her. Shout to K Mac Honey Baby and all that. What else came out? What else came out? Yay Ali. Yeah. Yay Ali album. Yay Ali with a little ep.


Five songs. 12 minutes. Yay Ali I'm gonna fuck you up. Not really, but if I see five songs it irks me to see 12 minutes. Yeah, that's And some of the songs came on. He had the boys on. He had December on there for one. This shit come on one minute in 10 seconds. Yeah. At least stop playing with me. Niggas are fans of you. We don't have time for this. Make a difference. Yeah, Five songs need to be at least 16 minutes for me. 12 minutes. That's too. Yeah man, By the time I take her shit, this shit is over Wicked. But you know what, but It is Fire and then Run it back. Run Back. But It is fire. That's friend of the show. That's my man. I fuck with him. But you gotta stop playing. You Got New Meek Bill record? Yeah, meek and g Herbo. Oh. Meek and Herbo. That Shit is tough. You like it like that Meek's verse was very tough.


That's What yeah that's, that's where I, that's Where it came for. Okay. Okay. Y'all hating. I'm not hating. Are we playing something? It we ain't got nothing. It's the music podcast You already know. Get a load of this Mel. Check this out. Yeah, I'm listening. Don't just listen to Jazzy shit. Listen to other shit. I got more guns than my house. I got more guns than the cop and the mansion don't no alone. But I got four guns in the spot. I got two inside of the bed and got some more guns at the top. And I don't trust this home man with like boy you gotta stop. You can't even sleep. I just seen my bro from the fourth grade and we ain't even speak. He stuck in his ways. He want my life. Shit ain't end deep.


I been out all level 50 shots ain't since p and b. I swear to God. This shit real nigga. You don't want me at the white party. What the fuck you want me to kill niggas? You don't want me at the right party with the rich folks busting deals with him. I know I little killer as well. I was popping pills with him and falling back from Killer down. 'cause I might try drill niggas G My 20 like a real nigga shots to his head hit his chest like some real nigga times in the defense. And my homie got a deal with him. My dog slam my other dog expecting me to chill with it. You ain't, we know where you live when we catch you. It's the Super Bowl. What my bitch trip to say? She think I might OD off pills. How the fuck else I'm gonna sleep? I've been on 30 drills and when I think I still feel for my youngest in the field, he catch a kill Go pop 30 Boy.


What does that mean? I'm getting old. I'm getting too old now to decipher lyrics. When we catch you. It's just gonna be the Super Bowl. What does that mean? It's gonna be a performance. Oh I, I didn't know. Shoot out to me. I don know. I don't know. Performance we gonna perform. I feel like that's the closest. Yeah, it's gonna Be the Super Bowl when we can We going perform. We gonna show out nigga. Yeah, I don't know. Okay. Oh okay. We gonna kick a field goal nigga. Who knows? Fuck you talking about. Hey, The niggas he talking to though. I don't ever want Ack old enough to where I can't decipher rap lyrics no more. Then I, I might as well go fucking listen to fucking, I might as well tuck my, tuck myself in somewhere. Listen to gospel. If I can't decipher a rap lyric, I'm like man I'm going to listen to Johny.


There you go. Ax Ta. No, watch yourself. Shout to Meek Mel. Man, I like the record. Annie went in. I like the record. Yeah, That record sounds good. I wanna shout out Chad West just because Okay. Shout to Chad West. Just 'cause when I hear the Philly rappers, I think of me rapping with the Philly rappers. I think of Chad West Beats. Okay. I just think Of Chad. Chad, west Chad. Yeah. I wonder what he is Up to. I wonder if he still got a, a package of some crazy shit over there. Paul. I'm sure he do. Hmm. I'm sure he do. I want to rap Uhoh. I'm sure I do. I'm Sure you do. I do, I do. I ain't gonna lie. The only thing that itch a little bit is I don, I don't have the beat packs so I don't and I don't request them.


I don't add. But if I ever asked Alchemist or Chad West or one of these nigga I love, what's my man from Seattle? I love Jake one. If I just start hitting niggas, I love that. I know God something. It's gonna make me do something. I was on Ransom page the other day. He was like, yo, here goes something I never put out and I'm playing this shit. I'm like oh man God damn this sound like I need to call him. This sound like a Joe button remix Survivor heard it and he started dm. Man nigga stop that podcast and shit. You know who you are. You know who you are. Podcast You can't, your soul nigga you wanna come back to the game. I think you Fuck that pod shit. Ransom super me up. I think. I think you got this Joe Rory's 38 spa. All 'em niggas. We back.


I'm here for it. That's fire. I'm here for it. Think you can hang with them though today. Think you still got it. Nah, I'm not trying to shoot. No we asked nigga. Fuck that. Do you think you still got it nigga? Because these niggas been active at a high clip. How's your breath control? Oh now she playing with you. See See? Okay A It is a legit question. That's my other part to my memory. I want to hear what, what the verse sounds like when you stop smoking and breath control. That's one of the reasons I retired. I wanted to go smoke in peace in my For real. In like a rocking grandfather chair. Sit smoke. Yeah. You need breath control to be What? Shit. Huh? Your mind ain't stop. What do you mean Nigga? You could rap. I I I think it would take you 3, 4, 5 months to start getting your shit back.


But your brain didn't stop Nigga you witty. You funny. Like for me, I'm only talking about for me, I'm not talking about Well I, I'm the only one nigga speak from this POV 'cause I'm the only rapper that actually retired. Yeah. I forgot about that part for me. I heard a Nori Verse today. He's on the master kill album. Who dropped That album? Nori ain't stopped. Ain't stop rapping. Yeah. Nori ain't stop rapping. His verse Is kind of tough too Fucking Nori for me thinking of something in my head and not being able to execute it the way I heard it was a deterrent. Like not having the breath control to do what you hearing in your head and then punching in certain parts. It was like that was theological got and your policy And shit was fucking you up That time. Yeah. Then, then, then to make some money, you had to tour it. Yeah It is like ugh, nah, let me go sit.


It's lot of work in it. Lemme just go sit at home. But you ransom though. I read that DM you just said at home and sell a million copies from Patreon And I feel like well not even selling a million copies, but I feel like now I'm almost to the point where I can do a passion project. Yeah, For sure. Yeah, absolutely. For real. Yeah, but we shouldn't sleep on that. I've never in my life been in a place where for real Didn't need The money, do a passion project. Right. So what does that even look like or sound like? Anything you want to, we don't know. That's the beauty of it. Go do it Even without, even without rapping and we'll move on from this. 'cause I don't wanna center myself. I do miss hearing a beat and being like, oh shit. Right? Like if nothing else I miss the discovery of, I always tell people to the like even just when I'm talking to people, yo, you and Joe's old music shit.


I'm like yo, I never forget that day we was in Jersey, girls and Russian roulette came on. You had just came off tour. That feeling I'm about Kill and I'm about kill this yo like I never saw that before. This was Like, that's the feeling Like you was in a trance. Like, yo what the fuck is it? Yo no we, we gotta go. I couldn't believe Roc won play that shit. Neil, what the fuck is this? Ain't nobody rapping on this shit. This nigga was like, yo, we gotta gotta go. What else is super important that needs our attention Trump or is unimportant that needs our attention? Trump is out here partnering folks. He partnering Niggas. Okay, let's get to it. Now, my my my first time hearing some of the theories that's going on out there was Mark Lamont on our last pod where he was like, yo, there's rumblings of Trump wanting to let out Derek Chauvin.


I I've never heard that until we tested that. Yeah. That talking about For about four, five months. I mean if I'm just, they're Rallying and everything. If I'm just looking at optics, I mean it looks that way. Yeah, it does. Yeah. So we going, we going, we going to pacify the black people by letting out a couple people that they might be champion them for you understand what I'm saying? So supposedly he pardoned NBA young boy. He did and he also pardoned Larry Hoover. Larry Hoover. Wait, commuted his sense hisd his federal sense. Yeah, Because he still got state Got state time. So he got I think 150 years State. It's true. 200 Know what Larry Hoover got. So I'm fucking with him. So, so I think that's just a Pac ification.


'cause I'm about to get into my wild bag and I don't want nobody to say it's racism. Mm. So let me, so let me throw a couple tidbits to black people so they can shut the fuck up when I start wild. Well the salad that it the other way, like I don't think It is racism. I think It is. I'm literally just trying to get all y'all, I'm gonna do something you like because again, if he pardon Chauvin, he still got a state state case as well. Yeah. So you not coming home tomorrow either. It's just like I'm a, I'm gonna pacify I'm, I'm gonna pacify this base. I'm gonna pacify that base. Okay. Y'all the young niggas, y'all like NBA young women. I'm gonna pacify y'all with him. And with Hoover, it's not necessarily about pacifying black folks. It's a dig at the current governor of Illinois who has made claims that he wants to run for president.


And this was Trump's way of fucking with him because he can because he can commute his how? Because he can commute his federal, his federal case, but he can't do anything about. So now it's up to him and everybody feels like Larry Hoover should be let Out. Everybody. Everybody don't feel like they Don't feel like that actually there's a big conversation going on right now that they keep having when the likes of a meet or whoever come out Yeah. Younger people. Like, hey, why are we celebrating these people being released? Well, yeah, I mean well I'm I'm saying he has a massive amount of celebr. I think that's corn By That's what I'm saying. That's corny. I do think that, I do think that that's corny. I wanna make my position clear. That's corny. That's corny. The young kids doing that. The shit that they did with Mech and the shit they doing with Larry Hoover when they announced Larry Hoover has been incarcerated since 19, 19 72.


And I just sat and thought about how old I am and my life and how old he gotta be. You've been in jail Before we was born. Before all of us was born. Because I ain't seeing the 65 and 70-year-old people commenting on this. His wife. It is all It is all a bunch of people that just got here just got shot out of penis when he was arrested already. Most of them people are dead. He And his wife are still together. They've been married 50 years. Like what are we talking about nigga? I'm 49. I was born in 76. So if he got locked up in 73, he'd been locked up for 52 years. 22 years old and he was already grown when he went to jail. So you 74 years old.


Who the fuck is gonna be commenting on that? I just believe in redemption. Me too. I believe at Point do you that to society at 22 that you can change. I I know some people are against that. I believe that humans can change. I Believe that as well. Well that's just this new generation that believes like when did you play your debt to society? There's whatsoever they don't want the internet generation don't want any type Of, you can tell when you listening to niggas who didn't get spankings, like you could tell niggas that was raised after spankings was dead. These niggas, not only do they have opinion, they voiced up. Why are we celebrating Larry with a nigga shut up. They also, he also pardoned the Chris Lees See and that and that'd be some Shit.


Reality show shit. Which is wild, but whatever. Why is that wild? Who Is that? I don't know who That is. Why is that? Wildly Knows Todd, Todd Chrisley. Todd Chrisley and his wife. I can't remember what her name is. Yeah, yeah. I mean just, you know, they were, they were charged with like multiple counts of fraud and all kinds of shit fraud and Yes. Yeah. My thing, my my whole thing be where do we, how do we pick, you know what I'm saying? Like just random folks. But the, the daughter Savannah Was, was doing some shit with Trump and was and was supporting him. Yeah. The million dollar. Yeah. Million dollar a plate. Dinner. Dinner.


So yeah. I mean he you how he get down. Yeah, he on play. Yo he wash my back, I'm gonna wash your back. And that's how we moving. And I, I just feel like at one point, you know, when the president started their commutations or pardons and stuff like that, it was people who, you know, had been incarcerated and Unjustly. Unjustly or it was questionable. It was like, Oh yeah. Or it was like, you know, just like a real like, you know, a a a an abnormally long sentence or political prisoners shit like that. And now it's like we're pardoning NBA young boy, I mean, you know, congratulations but Todd Chrisley and his wife like it's just fucking weird.


Like the selection of people to be pardoned and Stuff like that. What's starting to to to be more and more and more evident in my opinion is money talks. That's it. Well, yeah and they used to hide that money talks back in the day. So you could give a donation to a nigga under the table. Nobody would know. Especially with the internet generation. Now if you donate a million dollars a plate, everybody fucking knows. Right. If you go get a jet overseas, the whole internet knows. I think back in the day it was more hidden that these, these favors were going on. I don't want to attack what you're saying 'cause I agree. Money talks. The scary part is that celebrities seems to talk just as loud. Yeah. Because, Because you know what Happened. That's, that's the scary part. What Celebrity, Like we traded Brittany Grinder for the Merchant of death.


Yes. And thought it was fair value. Who was the GM Based on? And I do think that she should have came. I don't please don't Misinterpret. I agree. But it's a thing that along But how we value that over here versus how what other people may value It is just The, the internet speaks. But when you are catering to Wayne, when you are catering to NBA young boy, when you catering to some of these celebrities, money comes from that indirectly. Exactly. Money comes from that. Popularity Comes From that. Like that shit is different bro. Back to your celebrity again. He was running and had Chef g in them out there with him. Like you get what I'm saying? Like he's moving around with the what's gonna, Donald Trump is a celebrity.


He's playing celebrity relationship games. Yes. No other president really moved this way 'cause they weren't celebrities first. Not just that no other president. And he know, like you, you was, you were saying before Trump understands the relationship aspect of everything. He understands people. I think to when we was talking about him during the election time that the campaign that he ran, it was just masterful that whoever on his team understood, yo, this demo we need to go get trick trick. Donald Trump might not have known who Trick, trick was. Exactly. Somebody on my team knew they checking more boxes that this man is influential out here and this demographic of people. So let's go get him. Right. Donald Trump. The Gangsters know the gangsters.


Huh? That's what I'm saying though. It's different. It's different. But No, no, I, I agree. It's it's That Trump, Trump knew Trump had his post close to the trick trick then fucking kamala Thousand a point. That's my point I'm making though. So he understands like, yo dog, the dude that went to jail for Trump and he Which one? He pardoned him. Oh Yeah. Yeah. So you gonna go sit up for me and show your loyalty? I'm gonna show you Got you back. I got you're coming right home. The relationship don't snitch. Yeah. Like so he just comes from that like dog. Donald Trump was mob a casino owner in the eighties. He was talking two mobsters nigga, he moves like a mobster Atlantic City gambling all that shit back in the eighties. It wasn't no Right. It wasn't no.


You know the other labels, Hey, no I'm not. I'm saying don't even say it though. No. None of that stuff was out here. It was, it was low key There. You right. No, Go clean that up. No, I'm Yo you understand What I'm saying dog. Let's go out like that nigga had the ollywood real, You know what I mean? And, and, and those, those lessons, the average politician don't have, That boy will not let Joe exotic outta jail. I'll tell you that one ain't it? I'm getting sad. I'm getting sad Joe. Exotic pouring his heart out. Yo, I didn't kill them people. I didn't feed them to the Tigers. They know who did it and they just got me sitting here. Trump please do something. Trump is like, dog, you're done here. What am I gonna get from Joe?


Exotic. No voters come Doing that. The future looks exciting because, and not exciting. That may be a poor choice of words because you know that he be on fuck shit. So at this point you could sit home and just start throwing shit at the wall Like maybe he will. What if he pardon and puff. Yeah. Like what if he just start partying? You just start throwing mad names out there. Like he could really shake shit up with his pimp. He could. Yeah. That's spooky shit. And, and that's, that's scary. Another piece to the pardons that we wanna put out here also is they just signed one of the, the bill. They call it the big the big beautiful bill. The big beautiful bill. Jesus Christ. So now we gonna throw all of these celebrities out here to, to distract you while we behind the scenes doing some real life shit that could affect everybody.


If we're done with this, I would like to shout somebody out By all means. Okay. I would like to spams call me. I would like to shout out Faison. Zaki. Okay, who's that? That is the 13-year-old winner of the hundredth annual scripts Spelling Bee. You like the spelling bees? I love the spelling bee. I know I absolutely love the spelling bee. So imagine my surprise when I'm home and it comes on the news that not only is this the hundred one, but the word that he won on was Some wilder E acl amont.


That's the word that he won on. It's a French word that means clearing up the clearing up of something obscure. Can can you use It in a sentence? He'll whip your ass mouth. Hey Your word is a Claire C small. A Claire C small C. Now before he does this, he ain't even Ask me. Yeah, he didn't ask. What's the word? No, he's ready to go. He's ready to rock Prospect. RO. Yeah, he just got Clarification. Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Would anyone here like to give it a go and spelling this word I'm not. Not a chance. No. C show us And start with EC.


EC. Say it again. What's the Word? What's the word? Fuck it. We gonna do it. Eec We on with your phone? We didn't ask you nothing wasn't Your word is a Claire C small. A Claire C. Small stop. E-C-E-C-K-L-L-A-I-R I don You think it's one C or two C's? I think it's Two You right? So far E clear. Yeah, C was The shit eec we was right LER He's correct with it. E clear. He spelled E clear. It begins with e Clear. Okay, now it gets strict. What, What's the rest of It is Just E claire CI don't know how to say it. Your word is a Claire C small A Claire C small EI Think it end of the TC Bro.


You keep, Keep in mind the French so it might be, it might CMO you On we got Small E-C-L-A-I-R-C-I-S-S-E-M-E-N-T Off what that is correct? No, excuse me. No, no, no, no, no. Literal. I kiss my ex a IR kissing my ass. C-I-S-S-E-M-E-N-T. Nigga are you crazy? Round applause. Stop with stop ball. Stop playing with him. More pressing Stop. Alright, bet Zaki, he that shot at 13.


Yeah. Wow. Congratulations. I'm such a famous spelling bee. I am. What else do we have here? We got Larry Hard, Larry Hoover, Tory Lanes. Tory Lanes. More Tory. Yo eyes saw on Big Freeze, right? No. Hell no. Ain't got hell. We don't further freeze's. Nowhere to take it. Take it super further. I don't believe you trying take it further. Freeze. There's nowhere To take it. The, the Florida congresswoman has been saying that there was gonna be new evidence dropped and old evidence was repackaged as new evidence and dropped. That's really what happened. Okay.


Like everything that we've Heard, not just old evidence, but evidence that was forbidden. Yeah, suppressed, sealed, suppressed. Yeah, they dropped the website. They're, they, they dropped the website with, they're just dropping everything with Everything up there. We did get to see the, the body cam footage of, of her being interrogated after the, the incident arrest. Yeah. What about the the, The witness said the witness woman Was shoot No, no. He saw the women fighting. He saw the women fighting. He said he, the the the the woman got out the backseat. Brushed The front seat. Yeah. Went to the front, hit In the backseat and they started fighting each other, getting out the car. Then he said he saw her shoot. Oh, he did say that?


Yes. But it started with a fight and yeah, that part was never disclosed or, or even if it, He said what looks to be, what appeared to be a woman. He said it was dark, it was far, but I saw what appeared to be a woman do yada, yada yada yada. So, and he, and he asked him did You, where was the man? Where Was the the the black man? Yeah. He said he was in the backseat. He did. I know. How did he know he was in the backseat? If it was like a dark night tinted window. SUV The doors opened up. Oh, okay. He seen somebody get out. He eventually got out out and go to the other Door. You're helping a black man. I'm No, I'm just asking for clarification. You Don't play. Yeah, the real play, the True crime mind Trump Came the fuck out.


Okay. I'm sorry. I'm just asking. I didn know Melissa Harris put him in jail. Y'all lemme see. That's all Mel. Mel do Harris lock him up. Throw it away. Melissa Harris Junior. I'll take it anyway. No, some of the legal shit that be going on behind closed doors is the most important shit. Like the nigga that articulates the argument, he be fly, he be dope like the Cochrans and all of them that we see, but the people that be in behind closed doors like yo Roe versus blah blah blah 19 doing the research. 1923 said, yo, this should be stricken. And that'd be important evidence that they'll get suppressed. Yeah. Or the the police didn't do something the right way.


They'll get that shit thrown out. Niggas have gone in. I just said it. Sorry. It's research and case law. Sorry it to interrupt you just, and Trump says he won't rule out pardoning Diddy if convicted. We'll look at it. I can believe It. All you wanna do is shake something up. Yeah, I can Believe it. I'm Sorry. And, and get a piece of money in the back. Of course. But no, like they, there have been times where somebody could be clearly guilty. Right. Somebody might have shot somebody. How y'all got the murder weapon was illegal. Y'all fucked up. Yeah. And so now they have to strike all of that shit. The person could go free just based on case law and this shouldn't be admissible. This shouldn't be admissible and now we can't bring it to court. Tired Talking about Seizure, all that kind of shit. Niggas got cold cases thrown out. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Birds in the car. Birds in the car. Illegal searching seizure home for you ain't read a nigga, they right some stupid shit. Technical shit. And nigga will go home and you have probable cause to pull this Car over. I'm tired of this shit. You wanted to go protect black woman, you wanted to go fuck two broads at the same time. One of them got immunity. You still didn't get up there and say that's the bitch that did the right there. I've been telling y'all for years to ain't shoot that girl. But who am I? What do I know? All y'all did was say that everybody that said that hated black women. So I mean, y'all don't make it. Y'all don't make it a comfortable, warm space for dialogue, conversation or to share, or a conversation to be had. I think two things can be true. I think he deserve to be there for not fighting this case properly. Yeah.


That's, that's all I take away from it Right there. And he ain't telling me nothing. I didn't know. You ain't tell me nothing. Didn didn't know. Like all I, all I see in this case is bad legal representation. If your lawyers did this and allowed it to go this way, what you want me to do? That's back to, I don't know what niggas paid for their attorney. But if the person that I need to throw everything on because that's who did something has immunity, then that's the perfect time for me to say, Hey, this is the person that did it. I don't know what he was trying to pull. You Know what, I think that's true. No, you know what I think what I think he got caught up in that, yo, I'm not snitching because how it's gonna make me look to the public then have at it, well have at It. Salute. That's what he did think.


He was like, yo, I don't have to snitch on her to prove my innocence. I just have to create a reasonable doubt. And I think they failed at creating a, well, they, They buddy, I don't care. Whatever Stupid Seeds Grow Stupid Plants. I don I don't, I don't care about this. Like, we've done this. Yo. That's how I feel, bro. I'm on tour. I'm Team Tory. Same. I've been saying forever that he didn't do this. I've been saying forever that now we stuck with Meg's music. Are We deal with it now? Yeah. Deal with it. I'm a wait, I'm a wait to five years or however many years is left till the talented young man can actually get back in a real recording studio so I can hear some music. Let Me ask y'all this.


Do y'all think this this new drop changes anything? No. I don't think any of these new drops have changed. That's my point. Like what do, what do we, I think, no, I think it's creating reasonable doubt with more people. Oh, okay. But does it change anything? Yeah. Does this change anything for him? It could. I mean that's what their hopes are. Let's just say hypothetically they bring it like the Innocence Project. Go pick it up and then Exactly like the Menendez Brothers doc. Like if you could just get enough people in the court of public opinion to change how they see things, then maybe we can get this thing To Trial. The Innocence Project's not picking this up. How You know that? Because the Innocence projects that you Don't sound like you're rooting for. It Is. No, it has nothing to do with that. It just has to do with the focus of the Innocence Project. They basically go after cases that of the wrongly convicted based on DNA evidence, you know, that has never been tested, you know, long term prison sentences and stuff like that.


That's usually what the Innocence Project goes After. You know, there's a million programs that act as the Innocence Project. That's true. Well, you know, the Innocence Project is not the only program to No, they have chapters and in everything. There's other people, not even, But if we're going to be talking about the Innocence Project itself, I was just, that would Pick just being in a group. Not I just, I just Use their Name specifically. I just use their Name. Any group, any group would pick This up, up. He might have luck on the appellate court circuit. Well speak Like that then. Yeah, like speak more, speak saw. Gimme A second. Shit. Well man, when I, when we was talking about it initially, it sounds like your mom was made up like It is Time to dog pound now. No, no. Not dog pile. No, I'm not dog piling. But I want to ask her, take his time, even though theres new evidence that come out, you probably was aware of the evidence.


Did, does not, does it not change your view on, do you want him freeze? Hold on. Wait, wait. Joe, come on man. Sorry, I didn't mean to talk like that. No, I'm sorry. Does it not change your view on the situation, man? Like is it, it seems like most of your mind is made up. Is made up, but since the new No, that's not true. I, I I, oh, I said it seems like I could be wrong. I, I al I, I will always leave room for my mind to be changed based it based on new information. I am. I don't just stick to something just because that's the opinion that I have. Yeah. I'm always welcome to hearing new information. So what about the information that came up? But it just sounds like, like I said, it just sounds like it's old information repackaged. Okay. You know? And where should They Throw to you? And we've had this con and and we've had this conversation before where we've all said that the sentence was, you know, exorbitant.


That excessive. Yeah, excessive. I got it. You know, know, but Hey, my girl got the new shades. Hey, hey Tori, she got your back now. Boy. Come On. Any who's who, Who? The American dream. She better stop please. Oh my God. Okay, I'm down with you. I like, I like what? You clean it up? I Told on Kelsey so fucking fast. You crazy. Can't do that. That's snitching. Yeah, that's right. I don't subscribe to that dumb shit. That's not true. That's not true. You subscribe. Don't Y'all come from you can that, That's not, I hate what you do that 'cause you change to get money. Now that is not true. How? That's not true bro. How Much ain't the point of getting money?


You change. Why you saying that? Because I just, no, too many stories I heard about you from real niggas and other niggas. It's not true. That was back before he got money. If you, if you, you would've been told, told there there plenty of situations you could Have told on. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Listen to Me. He wasn't looking at ears. Wait no, no. So what he's saying is true. What he saying is true. There has been a nigga tried to blow my brains out. I ain't go to court. So what he's saying is true. Shit, the nigga that punched me in the face was a court case. I'm not going to the police and say hey a nigga that punched punched me on my face do something about it. Now I did snitch on that nigga that stole my luggage out of laqua. You, you for Weeks. You took yo you ain't let he took it too far. Took it too. Oh he got, he got, he got trouble. He took it further. They found him though. Damn. They found with my head he wouldn't let it go with my help.


They found him. This nigga was where I on the job And I got a restraining order on that there. I don't know what he looked like. Yo. They sent the text in my phone. Yo. Just letting you know you got a restraining order on. They let him out automatically. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah because he, yeah. Oh You was ready to paint me in that. I was automatically they do. So when they send the text automatically 'cause you rat it. Yeah. He could do something to you as a Ation automatically. 'cause I want to press charges. They automatically put a restraining order when this, this person can't come near you. I ran on this nigga. Yeah they do that. So they sent me the text but I had forgot that I rat it. No, no, no, no. For real. You was, my memory is bad. You thought it was like your gun license. You like, oh It's some bullshit going on.


No, not scam, scam. Likely no. I seen a text that thought somebody had a restraining on on me like yo, I ain't even been wilding out there later. PT word. Then I seen it. They was like, Joe button is the defendant. I was like, oh, I was to protect myself. Oh. They letting me know this nigga just came home. Alright. Yeah, I ran it on him. But homie to punch me in my face homie to try to kill me. Fucking pointly Ray. I ain't, I ain't telling none of them niggas. But I guess what I'm saying is I reserve the right to, That's different though. Got It. I'm not, Not telling because I'm following the script. It's your Ain't when your freedom, when your freedom Is on the line. Th I'm not going to sit up and do years for some shit. I ain't do For nobody. Yeah. Like homie puts me in my face when we got the drop of him.


It is like, all right, he's a fucking, he's on parole, he got warrants. It's like nah. Yeah but That's not your freedom on the line. That's not Your freedom. You lucky that. You know what I mean? Nigga don't do it again. I press charges. Girl, listen. Wait, what freedom. Fuck you talking about? Press out your girl. The chick that cut all that shit up in my crib. Yeah. You like to press charges? Yes. Oh shit Rick. Yes. You said a retraining order. Yo. You serious? I want, I swear to God she got arrested. No. So what happened? My stepfather raised, my stepfather called me and he was like, yo, yo you can't do that. And I'm like, why you see my shit? My whole house is fucked up. He was like, yo, but dog, listen, you don't know what just one night in jail could do to somebody like that girl whole life could be fucked up.


I didn't care. I'm like good, good Little rotten bitch. That's, that's what we trying to do. But he really broke it down to me 'cause he, he was, you know I'm been Through the System and shit. Shit. Nah, you Real Talk about I'm joking That shit. He was just like, yo, it could really fuck up. Like everything Ain. You told a girl That's crazy. Well first off She cut his refrigerator cord nigga I didn't go, I wasn't, I wasn't going to the house. He don't cook. No look. Real, real shit. I wasn't going to the house without wait. When she told me when she was, I'm going to your house to fuck your shit up. I called them and I'm like, y'all need to escort to go home in case she's there. So now you can't say I did something to you. I'm protecting myself. That's smart. I always want some smart, somebody around smart.


That's smart. If shit go left, you can't say I did something because now once if it becomes my word versus yours, I lose automatically. True. And I know that. I know too many people that got fucked up that way. So when she left me that message, first thing I did on my way home was called them. They was like, come by the station, go home with an escort. Just in case. I'm like, yeah, you know a good idea. That's what I'm gonna do. They took note to everything. You Got an escort for the night ice? Yes my nigga. I'm not, yo, y'all don't understand I don't play. I was talking about the other, I don't play with my friend Ice. Just listen to us for a second. Oh sure. Please have at it. Come on. Because we Here for this. No, no for real. You my brother. So You right.


And I understand whatever you talking about, that's gold. We not here for this. We here. Fuck Outta here Sherif. We here. Oh. Get your jokes off. We here for the bun. Get your jokes off. Call the cops. The girl on the bitch really press charges. Where was she? Nah, he was dead. Yeah. You want press charges? Yes. On top of that. I don't even like this. See she little, so she was a little chick at that. I don't care. Yo, you a wild boy. That shit, It is your fault. Ice. If you wouldn't get them to that point, then they wouldn't have to do those things. True ice. Cool. But you also control yourself. Don't listen To him. No, you were wrong.


Oh no. You should have took up into consideration you before you decide to cheat that Bullshit excuse, Then you get caught eating in Real time. That people, that people don't know how to who, who don't know how to regulate their emotions. That's what they say. There you go. I'm angry and it's your fault Mel. Your, it's your fault that I'm enraged. Come On, Mel got, I wish I could put this shit on a video clip. Whoa. And have it on a flash drive for my pocket. The next time you blame some females Actions niggas On a nigga. I I want you. I want nigga. He so old y worst, shoulda Flash drop Old as nigga. Throw that shit out. No Case. Why can basis You just blame everything that fucking card is doing on Offset.


Huh? What you blame everything Cardi doing on Offset? No I didn't. I said she's out here living her life. She be forgetting he Cheated first. He Did this first. He did that. I didn't, I didn't say that she's dating such and such because he cheat. I I told y'all it was time to dog pal. I ain't wanna live. I did not say that at all. I, I'm not, she's living her motherfucking life. I'm Not dog piling On Mel. But when can we dog about never leave her alone? I'm not dog piling on Mel. She's been body Shit in about an hour. Never Thou shall not dog pile Mel at all. 11th commandment. Nigga like dogs Free got you got caught cheating in the piles. Freeze you, you that nigga freeze. What you got caught cheating in a crazy position? Boy He got caught cheating.


The girl cut his shit up and then he, he Got caught eating ass press and she caught him. Hey how you Yeah that's vicious. How the girl that was how the girl was eating in here coming through y'all niggas. You was that much into it yo. Damn. You hear the door nigga. It is Captain Crunch nigga. I get it. I hate you nigga. Nigga. I hear somebody coming to the door of my nigga. Oh hey hi. Jump out the window. You gotta face Corey. Hey. Hey Bull. Hey you kiss two nasty Niggas. Hey will you, why your breath smell like that? Huh? I just woke up Salmon them So disgust. I just woke up.


Oh Man I was busy man. I ain't hear it. That's crazy. You I nigga your story just Crazy. It's old shit man. I don't do that no More. Y'all know that fast Rihanna EDM Sound and Song came out and we never covered it. That shit was as The one from the Smurf soundtrack. Yeah it was ass, that shit was as like the one from the Black Panther soundtrack. But nigga niggas can't say it was ass with they chest say it with the chest as Ass. You can't say. And the Black Panther soundtrack was as, You Can't say somebody's pregnant. So she Owed for two the Black Panther. Panther One wasn't, can't do that Wasn't the Black Panama was not as, it was as Wasn't those was as, that was The Ballad one. Right. That was more, It wasn't Act Me up. It was a horrible, Wasn't this the Smurf shit was she was barely, I could barely even tell if she was on that shit. It is Rihanna like just a legacy act now.


No. Yes. Yeah, no. Like yo shit man. Corey playing Ice Cube. Hey Ice tea yo. This is I, yeah. Is Rihanna just a legacy act now? No. No. Yes. Come on Parks. She Ain until she puts out more music. What is, what is the Legacy Act? A Legacy Act Tours based on they old catalog. Right. That's what she about to do. She She ain't gonna do that. She not touring Number one. Number two. And she's capable. She Will not tour until she puts another album out. What do we wanna call her? Anything based on anything Rihanna based is based off you. Based on her old music off 10, 15-year-old music. That's a legacy act. That's A legacy Act. I know that. We still looking forward to hearing new music but she ain't gonna put no new music out.


No, I know. And she ain't going on nobody tour Either. That makes her a legacy act. I don't think you have to be on tour to be a legacy Act. She's a legacy Act. I found out. We don't wanna hear That. A DM pop Smurf shit. Get the fuck outta here. Don't give a fuck. But The white, the black pen shit was not bad. I don't care about how fly them clothes is. Her and ASAP is wearing. I'm cool. I turned that EDMG. I was like, oh shit I missed the Rihanna bop. I heard that shit was like, oh that's why nobody covered this. Yes. Yeah. There's a reason nobody's covering this shit. And she's earned like a lot of people just won't admit, won't say it because She's pregnant nigga And ain't got nothing to do with the pregnancy. I tell Rihanna so Much UN laws. She's earned a past with a lot of niggas. Yeah. I think she, based on definition, she's a legacy act. Yeah, definitely. All Right.


We have a very, very, very special guest. Indeed. Indeed. Yes sir. We have a very, very, very, very, very special guest in the building. This person has stood me up before. This is somebody who hit me before like, yo, I'm in New York. Lemme come to the pod and then went ghosts. Mm. This is certainly one of my favorite artists. I think I made that perfectly clear. This. You definitely have. I've heard a lot about this particular person outside of the music too. Now that we gonna finally get to clear up. Oh yeah. Actually I ain't here to play no games for him. There We go.


I ain't even to play. No, there we go. I ain't even able to play no games with him Now ladies and gentlemen make some noise for jazz. Yes sir. Now Yo get my girl mic. Right. Let's get my girl set up right While the hook, while the bridge This.


Oh man. Handle Me with baby Me. Alright. We we're really excited. We really excited. That's a classic bro. Damn You ain't gotta tell me. Damn that song. Ugh. You ain't gotta tell me what that one dude right there. He said I stood them up. Y'all supposed to. That's crazy. Yeah, let's get that's get them together, Right. What y'all mean? What y'all mean? I'm, Oh my God. Jazz is in this piece right here.


Sheesh. Question. Do you impress yourself? I think I'm tough on myself. M like I'm not even gonna hold you. See you gotta pay attention. Who's M who's Melissa? You gotta miss. I am Boy. Am I, can I tell y'all like Melissa, like Yeah, you are a big part of who I am as far as knowing I like girls. So when I was like, no, no, I I'm gonna tell you the story bro. Like I kid you not like, oh we outta here. I remember, I remember the King magazine. I was in band class. It was like I had to been like fifth grade, sixth grade. And my boys, this is like, well you couldn't really be gay in Memphis.


Like you couldn't really be like that. Yeah. And my boys was passing the, the yo king joint in the class. In the band class. And it came to me And I said look at your fake Close your mouth, yo. I said, I said what the fuck in my head but around my niggas I was like, oh nigga, I don't wanna See that shit. But the whole Time I'm like your Head, You wanted lay something down. Right. I was like, yo, yo up yo. What is this? I went to Limewire and I started like looking at all your videos and I was like, yo, Melyssa Ford it I'm in. And I used to like, yeah, you were a big part of like me knowing. I like women Clapping up for that clapping up legend. I mean I don Fuck I'm gonna say it.


I Appreciate that. That she went to open that drawer. Yeah. Nah, you was the one. I appreciate that. Thank you. I remember What you had on, on that king music Then you Went to pop the drunk, Right? No, I was fifth grade twin. Ain't none that going on. Wasn't None of that going on. It was just, It was innocent. Hey Listen, Look At Mel, Mel Cheese. No, I don know how to act when The Compliments come. Knock it off. No, you Deserve it. Thank you. Deserve. Thank you. You do. She's amazing. All Your flowers, legend.


Thank you. Well we are gonna give you all your flowers today because we are huge fans up here. Thank you. Thank you. Huge. I I already have one of my questions answered. Jozzy, I heard a lot about you outside of music when I wasn't too familiar and before you dropped what went to be went on to be one of my favorite eps, they was like, yo Jozzy been around her pen. She be writing but also she got 'em Snipe, she got 'em, she sniper. I don't know what where this folklore came from. It is like, for real And y'all be messing it up for my wife, my future wife. 'cause like, like she gonna hear this and she think that I'm, and then I gotta prove this wrong.


Then I went to your page. Yeah. Oh. And I did some peeking around and I was like, oh, she got 'em. She got 'em. She got 'em. You Got 'em. I do not have nothing. You got 'em. You can't claim. No. I swear to God, I, I want, I want, you know what's so funny bro? You don't got nothing until It is yours. You, you talking to yo Not you do that yo. Who you think you talking yo? The Charisma, the personality. No, She ain is smelling good Yo. What's that? She said I ain't even going. That's my line. Charming. She hit me with my own shit. I ain't telling you what I'm wearing now. You ain't, she can sing a lies.


She smed the Wall Street oil. Nigga that the one, two, fifth Good shit Now. Joji smells absolutely amazing. That Means a lot. That means a lot. Thank you. So you're making the rounds, I'm assuming that you got some music coming? Yeah, I'm make Yeah bro. I heard a, a kise flip. So what's so funny ain't even a flip twin. That's like shout out to stereotypes. You know, if you know stereotypes They did 24 Kara Magic for Yeah, they're fine. Uptown funk, super fire. Yeah, they cold. So like they just know how to like find the sonics but not But not the flip. Yeah. Yeah. Like and that's what I love. I'm really a student at this. Like I know how to like get that sound but not having to flip shit. You know what I'm saying? But yeah, we really, I got a new single that's about to drop called do I got, I'm on a new label.


DBMG. Okay. Congrat Congrat. Shout out to BMG for like, I got a second chance. Like a lot of people don't really get second chances and like, I feel like the Lord gave me the opportunity to have a second chance as a, as a artist because you know, I had a little moment where I had to kind of sit down for a minute. So I'm here though. Well, What was going on? Yeah. What caused that? What was going on in that, that time? In my mind Or both? Well in life, you know, I was with Love Records, you know, I was with Love Records so I just had to get out that, you know, situation 'cause there was no more love records. Right. So when did you know you had to get outta there? Boy, I mean, when I went home my momma said I was going up the Stepss and she looked at me, said, you know, you gotta got that.


I was like all, I was like, alright mama. Mama knows mama. That was, that was like Thanksgiving of like last year Because I ain't gonna hold you when you hit me and like, yo, I'm ready to come up here and do an interview in my head. I was saying if I'm jozy I don't know if I'd be doing the run right this second. I might let it sit for a second. But you said Fuck that I'm outside. Yeah. And I didn't do it. I didn't, I didn't come see it. Do the interview. Oh, Before, yeah. Yes. No, you didn't. Like you don't, I had so many people in my ear. So I had one, one of my friends like, yeah, do it. Go, go, go. And then I had another one of my friends was like, well, they always be like, yo, what would Beyonce do? Shut the fuck Up. That's, that's, that's S like, no, they like, so that's how I like live my life.


It is like, I'm not saying like what would be, but for real, for real. Like Jozzy just, just put your head down, do what you need to do. And then when it's time for you to go up here, you know, like, you gonna go up here the right way. You know, because like I know this world man, America's like so drama filled. I could have came up here and said some shit and yeah, it would've got attention. But I'm really not trying to, I'm really, I'm really not a, I don't want to be in no drama. Like I'm, and it's not really even your drama to be in, you know, you don't, it's not for you to defend anybody. It is not for you to, But you came after everything. I know. Yeah. Well, I assume you came after everything. Right? I came in a good, a great time of, of his like life.


Like 2023. Yeah. 2023. Yeah. 2022. I came in a good, like a great time. Everything was just peace, positive r and b. Like, it was just beautiful. And I really was, I really am proud, proud of myself on just actually getting him and getting us to make, completing the album. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, it was just a, it was a, a great time for music, especially for me. 'cause I'm a, I'm a student. Like, you know, I came under Timberland, the Missy. I'm a nigga that like, I like instruction. Like I hate, I hate being the smartest nigga in the room. I hate that shit. I really don't like being the smartest person in the room. Like, I be wanting to learn. But like, I been, I've been the smartest person in a lot of rooms recently.


So seeing him, I was like, all, So, so some of the songs that y'all worked on are still on the project? Or was, is this a new batch? Just on album? What you mean, Did you take anything when you left from the shit that y'all worked on? No, Everything is new. Yeah, everything is new. Everything. How much was left? How much did you have to like, walk away from Of music? Yes. Yes. So what's so funny? I'm, I'm so, me being a writer, you know how like Pac I'll take Pac 'cause I noticed like Pac would do a honey songs. I ain't that type of person, bro. Like, songs for Women was songs for women.


I didn't give, I didn't do any more songs until it was time for me to work on a new album. So it was like songs for women. Then it was the love album and I, that shit happened. I went, I just chilled. I was working on a few things, like as still as a songwriter. And then when I got out, that was like when I had time to like focus on my artistry and like just lock in on me. So like, yeah, I'm not a person that just does music just to do it. So you don't just write in your spare time neither. No. Really? She outside. I'm a I'm a person. I gotta live. You right Joe. Yes. But no, you could be in the shower and some shit come to your mind. You just get out and jot it down. None of that Sometimes. Gotcha. Sometimes, but nah. Like, I'm a person, like somebody that send me a beat, I'm like, all right, I'm not gonna listen to it until I get to the studio.


'cause I'm a person, I whatever. In my first mind, I'm a freestyle it. So don't send me the beat in the car. Like I need to be in the studio ready, you know, in my vibe. Yeah. Because I'm, it's so weird the way I like work, you know what I'm saying? So like, I be telling producers, they be like, yo, you don't, I'm like, well send it to me when I'm in the studio. You know, when I'm ready. You know? So yeah, that's kind of how I do it. You, you said your mom told you you had to get outta that situation and like, was it hard for you to get out Like mentally or like He is notorious for holding that's kind of hostage.


Their contracts. I never told nobody this. Right. Tell it to us. Oh Shit. Yeah. I'm gonna tell y'all. 'cause like this feel like therapy. No, It is. It's a safe space. It is a safe space. Yeah, I'm ready. No, I'm joking. But literally, so everything happened in, in, so we left London then right after London, November, that was after his gig show. Then the Cassie shit came out. I didn't know anything. I was like, yo, this is horrible. I went home for Thanksgiving and I, I went back to Memphis and then my mama was like, she's told me that. So I was like, but I already knew.


But I, when when your mama tell you something, my mama don't ever get in my business. When you Say the Casie shit broke the news or the video? No, just the news. Just The news. So you know, like it's just the news. It's just like what she said It is the suit. Yeah. Yeah. So that was it. Yeah, that's all I had. My momma was like, nah. 'cause you know, like domestic abuse is big. I don't talk about, my sister was killed by her husband. Oh. So my momma don't play. We don't really play with domestic abuse. Got, but the thing about It is her husband did not go to jail. He was actually still in our church. He was still the deacon at our church. Oh Wow. Wow. So you gotta understand that's a different type of, and my brother was locked up for 10 years. So my brother the hate, he couldn't do nothing. It was like, we then my parents is very churchy, so they like forgive.


And so, which is, which we should do, we should have Grace with everybody. That's, it's not our battle. It's really God's battle. So I understand that, that aspect of it. So like, so you so that's the struggle. That's that's where the, that's where that my mama looked at me and was like, no. I was like, fuck. So You right, I know I got to, but when your mama said It is, you really gotta do, you had to Stand. So before New Year's Eve, I went to Miami to go to his house. I flew there to see him and, and he was like, man, you about to leave me in. Like when, when it's tough and You damn straight so, so manipul you, yo Then my this. I was like, bro puff. I was like, if I was your artist and I did something, I morally correct.


You would be like, jazzy, I love you, but you bad for business. And that nigga looked at me and said, You right, I'm gonna let you out. And like, I just had to just keep it real with him. And like he was, you know, letting me know it was a money grab. I didn't know what everything was until, you know. But I just knew that like, bro, if I did anything crazy, even if it was, if it was fake or if it was real, you would be like, Jozzy, I love you but I can't fuck with You right now. And he knew that. And so I think me, me coming to Miami and Chilling with him and after we did that, we watched the movie. Like we went to his theater and watched the movie and just, I left and then he was just like, yo, you know, this is my cross the bear. And he was just like at peace with it.


And yeah. What Did he put on say the bro, Get the fuck Bro. When it rain, when it rains and pour Rain Cats and Dogs Foxing emotion. Oh my God. It was a TV show. Lemme go. The movie. It was a show, but it was, it was about a cancer. I can't even, it was a cancer patient. The big C what was it? The big C What, What is that About? It's about a woman. A woman? Yeah. Bl Blonde Woman Cancer. I think that May be It. That was it. That was It.


That may be it. It was about a woman with cancer. She's On HBO. It's a show on HBO. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we watched. Did did it. We watch Sitting in that moment when you talked to him, right. Did it, what did it do for you emotionally? 'cause even when you tell the story, it seemed like it was a, not saying it was a tough decision. I don't wanna put you in that position. But see you had to make the decision. But how was it to talk to him and look him in the eyes and actually tell him this and for him to actually say, you know what? I got you. I'm gonna let you go. After hearing the stuff about him, how he does with artists, man and 'cause like that could with you, he just say, I got you, I'll let you go. Yeah. It could gone a different way. It could change, it could change your perspective on how, not saying you had a different look on him, but it, it could just be like, oh damn.


Like he's being human right now. If you understand what I mean. Man, you, you gotta understand, bro. Before I signed to Love Records everybody and they mama told me don't sign him. But it was about bad. He's bad. Only thing was he's bad business. Like it was nothing else. No, no. Like, you know, I don you know, that was it. It is just the bad business part. So, but at the time I had, I had great management and great lawyers. I don have, I've, I've had so many shitty contracts that I knew that if I'm assigned with him, my contract gonna be so cold It is gonna be right. And so I was with Rock Nation, Jay Brown at the time. Yeah. Jay Brown. So J Brown was not playing that nigga. Like, he really looked him like, looked after me with his contract. So I knew that like my contract was good kind of.


So it was all like, I knew that kind of when I, when I got with Puff and when I looked in his eyes, I kind of knew that he was really going to, I don't know, it's just me and him had a different little energy. I don't know. He really like, he really like loved me. Fuck with you. He really did, bro. Like, I can't even like act like that nigga, like he fucked with me. And to the point where like, you know, I could talk, I could say some things to him, then the next day he be like, yeah, You right. You know what I'm saying? You right. All, you know. So like, I don't know. So I just, I just looked in his eyes. I just felt it. I was like, I, I really knew he was gonna let me on my contract. I didn't feel, you know, like most people probably would've let their lawyers go and do it. I was like, yo, I'm going to just go to this nigga.


'cause at the time I don't know what's real or what's fake. I'm just hearing and I'm like, yo, this is bad. I gotta get out. Let I pray for you, but I'm gonna let you, you know what I'm saying? I'm, but so yeah, but I never not felt like once felt like he wasn't gonna let me out. You know. I'd like to ask you about, I'm on record saying that his last album is, well it was Grammy nominated before. It wasn't. Nah, she was fine. It was Grammy nominated before, before it wasn't because the stories broke out. But I would like to ask you about this song in particular.


Get This song. This is called Homecoming. This is Off the Love album. This shit is hard. This is one of my favorite songs on that album. But after the news broke, I Know, bro, This song sounded a lot more eerie than it originally did. Yeah. I'd like to ask you about the creative process for this. Yeah, yeah. The part that he played in this song being written. Yeah. And when the story broke, did you then look at some of the music y'all created with through a different lens? Because this song sounds like this is craziness to Oh I absolutely love this song.


But it does sound a little like a love letter that you shouldn't be writing to somebody that you had those experiences with. Well, We are all human, we all have experiences of losing your girl and not everybody loses they girl with domestic abuse. Yeah, of Course. You know what I'm saying? I've lo I that's that. So that record was a little bit about him, but a lot of bit about me. That was a lot about me and my ex. She in New York too. What's up? Yo, you hear the voice. See This? What's up? She's you what? But yeah, you know what I'm saying? But anyway, so yeah, that was about my ex. But he did tell me a st he did tell me a story.


All he told me was my trainer took my girl. You know what I'm saying? And I, and like you gonna, I don't know what's going on. Like I didn't know any of like, I just know, lemme tell you, I promise y'all bro. He put Cece, he said Cece in it. And I told him one in the studio. I was like, bro, I think you should take her name out the song. And this was just because bro, you a hoe. My boy, you a hoe. Like let her be happy. It was all about the women. Like I know that you're not really like she's happy she married. So I'm at the, I'm like, you just a dog. That's how I'm looking at it. Not like any other type of way.


So I was like, take her name out the song bro. She happy. Ah, ah, ah. And he was like, I'm gonna do it. He took it out the whole time. The it was, 'cause we did it during the camp. I was in another room. I did like seven songs that night. That was just one song that I did. And so the next day it come back, bro. And these's a lot of yes men around him. He just got so many. Yes. Dick eating ass niggas around him. No disrespect and like Don take it. And so and so when I came back somebody done got him riled up. I'm like, I'm like you put it back in. He was like, Fuck that. This my truth. And I looked at, I looked at one of the engineers, I said, one of y'all niggas told that nigga to keep that in there. Huh? And I like, I just, I knew somebody done talk.


I knew somebody got in his head was like, nah, Fuck that. Like it only take one person to hype him up. You know what I'm saying? Or it take one person to be like, nah, my nigga, nah. And I'd normally be that nigga like, nah, nah. And like he did it bro. And, but I didn't know. I just thought it was just, bro, you still out here vibing with joints like you good. She let her be happy. You know? And so, So if I'm taking the writing in this to be a lot of your story too, then you a hating ass nigga on the writing tip. Let what do you mean by this?


If He, if he's not good to you, then I know. So you want her to leave the the new person she fucking with. Yeah. Can't come back, come Back home a hundred percent. Because I'm gonna tell you why I'm with my situation. I'm gonna tell you why I fucked up. Yo. Anybody in here been there? Yeah, no, I'm gonna tell you I Fucked up that I wanna ask you about this other Fuck that. I wanna, I wanna ask you about this other hating ass record she got. Explain That. Can I explain that With no twins? Yeah, please. Alright. And that's not a hat ass record girl. Y'all, y'all think hat ass record girl, girl. What? Why don't you listen to it? It's your word. I know That you got questions about my Y'all must don't be good with y'all Exes.


That man manipulative. Y'all Must not be good with y'all exes With manipulative. I'm good with like all of my exes is stuff. The one that I really want back. Usually be in new The homecoming? Yeah, because, okay, so because It is my fault. You I fucked up. 'cause like I, I said yo, let's do an open relationship. Oh, I did that. I opened that door. I know I'm a dummy. I'm a dummy. But why'd you do that? Yeah, Because I was, I be feeling myself sometimes too. Like, you know what, yo, see, you want I see you, I, yo I'm tired of these restraints. You see who she shows up with and you're like, oh No, it's never about who she shows up with. It's always somebody that looks better. That's this. I don't care about that.


That's not what end is. So Then what happened? Nah, it's just that. Okay, so I'm not a long distance person. So she, she, she moved to New York and she said she was gonna be there for three months and she ended up being here for a long time. So I was like, alright, so let's, I I don't know if I can do this long distance relationship. So you go on dates, I'm gonna go on dates. But I was around a lot of toxic, I think just a lot of niggas is had hella girls around me. It is going crazy. And so I was, I was it just too much all Second much that greed, yo It was too much. And I had to like really get back into my feminine energy and be like, you don't need all that. You need one person. You know what I'm saying? But like, I had to go through that little, that I had to go through my little phases in my moments.


Get Masculine, shit, get defend. Did you ever date niggas? No. I kissed a dude before. Okay. Okay. This was high school though. Like this Is like under the cherry moon. This Is, this is after, after Melissa Ford, After the art, after the king. After the King Magazine. Boy. A k After King. Why? Well wait, why'd you kiss a dude then? A moment of curiosity. I'm from Memphis. Man. We couldn't be gay in the two thousands like that. Like that, that my like what? I just, So it was just performing. And your family mad churchy. Yeah. Man, that shit man. What, How are your Parents with you now?


Like Knowing that you're out? My pop he cool. My pop is like, yeah because he, you know, he's like, yo, you like me. I know you Like How my daddy be like, yeah, you just like your daddy. That's how my pop be acting with me. But my mommas, we gotta don't, it's like a, like military don't ass don't tell. And I respect that. Like at the end of the day, I tell every girl that's with me. Like, you may never meet my mama. You cool with that? And you gotta understand like, it's not about their life anymore. Like my pop, my pop always preached the pro, the prodigy like the prodigal son. Like there's a world that your parents can't go into. You know what I'm saying? There's a world that your parents can never go into. Like, so I, we let's build our own world and our own family because you know, like, but if you trying find, meet my Mama, It is bad.


It is not going. So for that, Over for that. Because she ain't gonna like you Because Mama's still mama, we going, we going to give her that respect. Yeah. I love her. But nah, you, she not, she not letting you come over. Yeah. Tell me, tell me about the new record. Yeah. That's not toxic. No. No, I didn't say it was toxic. Okay, good. I just said tell me about it. Yeah, This is maybe I love this record as well. Thank you man. Thank you bro. I Ain't have no doubt on my mind. Jozzy got joints. I thought she was gonna come here with the unreleased project. Boy nigga. I got some shit. I'm gonna play some Shit. Some, yeah that was, Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't know if I could Go What? You can do whatever you want up here.


You Got a Playlist to put On when you trying to steal niggas, bitches. It is true though. You horrible. It's true though. You Can pull Me things. There's just one thing. Your Musical inspirations are who? Man. Oh my goodness. Because I don't know if I'm wrong or not. I don't know if it's the, the puff affiliation. When I listened to the EP I heard so much. What's the four? One one. Thank you. Like I was like damn Puff lucked out finding somebody else who can get married to that hip hop sound and then right.


And flip shit. Like that's what I heard. But who are your musical inspirations? Chucky Thompson. Chucky Thompson. Okay. Puff's. God damn right. Yeah. Yeah. Hands down. That's it. Mary j Blige, who's my, I did her last whole album. The one Good Morning. Gorgeous. Oh, I Worked on that album Too. That was a great album. Thank you bro. Mary called Thomas. I love Cisco. Y'all niggas be laughing when I say Cisco. Why? Why? Nigga? Niggas be laughing when I say Nigga 20 somethings laugh. Maybe. Yeah, maybe y'all. He'll like when I say My friends, we know It is not even a either.


It has nothing to do with the fact that I was, you know, leading his video and went on tour with him. He was The video with Cisco. That's crazy. The th era. Yes. Yeah. Th song. That's Crazy What I do. Yes. Unleash the Dragon, Bro. I love this album. Album. So album is amazing. It is. They don't talk About that Shit like that. No they don't. Well that's because, hey whoa. That's because he bugged out and just r Kelly on this run. Oh Yeah. Oh word. I saw that one Par shit. Yeah. Yeah.


What do you think about that? Cisco bugged out for Oh I didn't, I didn't know he did that. Oh, I got it right. I Just saw it on TikTok. I just saw it on TikTok. You It is going viral again. Sure. Go ahead. I did not know I'm not on TikTok. Really? I never knew until the TikTok shit. I swear. And I saw R Kelly say something about him. Yeah, He clap back Cisco. You a bum. He said it on. I would mention Cisco, but he's a bum. Yeah, that makes sense. I can hear, I can hear, I can hear that. Love it in what you saying It's 'cause you, I'm gonna tell you like those guys just knew how to like do ad libs. Like puff used to stress to me like nigga after the song you need to like just go crazy because like a lot of people don't do that like in their songs on at the end. Yeah. And I think that's what's so r and b about It is like doing something different at the end.


Like Cisco and like Jodeci used to go crazy. Casey. Yep. They're So good at like doing like ad libs, man. Like, and that's where I come from. Like I come from that time and even Mary like, oh, like all that. It is like, Yeah Man, It is so good. And it's just, it just feels good to your soul. And it's so funny 'cause like I see younger kids and they be thinking I created the sound. I'm like, nah, like nigga, hold on. Like, like, yo, that's new. I'm like, it's really not. But to them, you know, they don't know Cisco. They don't know to listen to incomplete Cisco. You, you have like a nostalgic sound and so does Tiana Taylor. Oh yeah. Both of you have that. Like that nineties r and b sound. Yeah. Not t's de she's nineties in everything she does, bro.


I love that about her. Yeah. Cold. Same cold Bro. Nineties Is fun. I would love, I would love new music from you. Tiana Taylor, wink. What? Wink? Well I think both projects is classic. She another one, right? She another one that's just, that's just my bag. It's not, 'cause I know her. Who currently are you fucking with? Who currently? Man, I think the UK is shitting on everybody. London. London artists is shitting on American artists right now. Cleo Soul, it's a lot of reasons for that. Cleo Soul, Sasha Keble, El mean, the list goes on and on. They all shitting on us because we have to because like they really London and UK is, they're, they don't give a fuck about the drama aspect of this shit.


They only care about the real, They care about the music. The music. They care about the Music. Yeah. To be out here, you gotta have a scandal, some drama, some shit to match with your music. And it's so hard for artists to break through. But like the UK artists can just be cold and just go stupid and then and wake Up get they beans and sausage. They just so cold Tomatoes, cold tomatoes up get they Beans. And they, they're students like, I've never seen like these niggas and students like El Eling knows Soul Aquarius. Like he knew what the soul and he's like 21. I Feel like everyone over here tries to fit in too much too. Like over there. I feel like they're just cool with like, no, I like Seventies Soul and that's what I'm gonna do. Yeah. But I mean, it's some dope, it's some dope American artists.


Like Leon Leon. Leon, I love Leon Deluxe is Fire. Just drop the deluxe. Yeah. You like the artist? Hmm? The artist. She hard, She hard. I fuck her. Y'all, y'all I fuck with her. I'm so like, I'm so open like to do that. But It is just so funny like collaboration right now. I just, it's Not your priority. You're Trying to get you up. It's not man, like I don't wanna ride nobody wave right now. Hmm. I don't wanna ride nobody wave like I did that. I rode somebody wave as a writer. I rode as a writer and as a artist. I rode the wave of Puff Right. A little bit. And You think that A little bit like he turned me up with the love record shit.


Like I don't I think you shined on that. I don't think you rode his wave. Well What I mean by rode the wave is like he Still ushered her in though. Yeah. You got the boost. You got the boost Cosign. Yeah. So I, I get what you're saying though. She, I wanna stand on my own. She showed I belong here bro. She ain't ride his wave to me. Oh Nigga, that nigga picked the worst time to do a scandal, ain't he? You know What, that's what I missed It about. I wrote that for Mary j Blige.


I'm tell you that. It sounded like it. Yeah. That wasn't supposed to be me on her. I didn I was so mad that I was like, bro, I don't want to do this. So wait, what Happened? She tried it and it wasn't the best. And so he, he, so he kept me on it and I, that was the demo. I didn't record that or rerecord that or nothing. That is Incredible. And I was so mad. I was like, nah nigga, I don't want, this ain't even my sound nigga. I'm mad like bro, I sound like no, I don't wanna do this. But I was like, you know, fuck it. Like Fuck it. Mary smoked a feature on that album though. I like, oh, she killed it. Yeah, she killed That. Killed she killed that. But she would've ki if she would've just let me vocal producer on that, she would've killed that. But do You get to do that often when you're writing what vocal produce? I do. But for her I wouldn't have charged.


But I be taxing on that. That's matter. That's a that's a lot of work. All I might Well, all right, there we go. That's, that's our favorite thing to do. Up Pocket. We wanna pocket watch for a little bit. Oh wow. Okay. So that's Crazy. New artist calls, yo. Trying to get you to come through vocally. Arrange me, maybe write a joint feature on something. What does it look like? What's that number look like? Well, I'm not, I've I this is my message, this is my announcement. I'm I I I have, I have. He can't even get you. I am not doing that shit. Yeah. They can't even get up. I've retired from writing songs. Oh wow. I'm not writing for other people.


For other people. Yeah. Okay. Just for yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Like I think that I'm blessed. I'm, I had the biggest song in the world. Right. I'm blessed. Like I I may never get that again. That's like a lightning in the bottle with Old Town Road. What that shit did. Right. I did, I worked with Beyonce. I I was blessed to do Scissor. I've been blessed to do Fergie Coldplay. I'm good. You was on a hometown road. Billy Ray wrote Billy Road. Man, get, get g Lil Na x we gotta talk on boy. No, no. He wrote it though. I just co-wrote. That was his brain. That was his intellectual properties. All I did was just come in and do Billy Ray Cyrus shit. That's fucking Huge. Yeah, I did Billy shit.


Yeah, It was All black. It was all black folks behind that song. You got, you got Pup deal. Yeah. Yeah. Big. Why? Hey look, h trying to sign me, me mean me. I'm out guy. I'm just trying. Shout, shout Big John. When did you sign your p deal? Right out the old Time. Yeah. What you talking about? Cracked him? Got him, got, got him. I'm, I'm, I'm super blessed. Like I, I bought a house in Will Hills. I'm out the way. I'm Chilling. I'm blessed so I don't, That's a two bedroom shit. Three Bedroom, four bedroom. He tried to play. I turned bedroom. I turned one bedroom to, to a closet though, nigga. Four bedroom, half bath. Nigga, stop playing.


Stop. I ain't doing that. That's Ampire two bedroom. I had to ask Stop. Don't do. I didn I yeah, go two bedroom. Mean you ain't trying to move nothing in. No, I'm gonna tell you though, Jay Brown. It is expensive. Yeah, It's, I don't, oh God. I don't really like, say like, I'm not saying Roc Nation was trash. Right. Roc Nation was trash. So I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not saying, I'm not saying good things about Rock Nation. Oh Shit. But I will say Jay Brown told me the reales shit. He said Jozzy, when you get your money, buy a house. And I thank Jay Brown for telling me that. 'cause like, that's one free game.


He, if, if nobody ever did nothing for me, do I really thank J Brown for telling me yo, go get a house. 'cause like I, I don't know what I would've do with my money. Jay Brown told me way back in oh four. Yeah, we gonna put your album out. Oh damn. Hey, keep working hard. I went to see Hobe. Hey, what's up? Ain. Yo go talk to J Brown. Set up Naton. Alright man. J Brown, what's up? Yeah, we got you. Just keep working. Oh Man, that's The crazy one. Tough time, tough times. Call for tough people. Anyway, shout to J Brown and you tell, shout to Jay Brown. Listen, Lion cloth. Excuse Lion skin. Okay, so we in LA we bought the crib, we moving around. So y'all not writing songs No more Twin. I don't wanna Write songs. Punk, did we not writing songs for none of you new artists?


No more. It Ain't even new. No. Shout out to artists. Shout out to the new artists. Like I may do a collabor, I'ma I'll do a collaboration with them, but like, I don't, I'm not writing for no artist. I don't care how big you are. If she boozy called 'em all, I'm not writing. I'm not writing. She wrote the Most successful song of all time. Not writing no fucking Song, TV only, only person that can get out retirement. And this is Jamie Fox. I wanna work on Jamie Fox's album. That's just something 'cause he's one of the person, he's one of my influencers like that. Like that nigga. I don't think y'all understand how cold Jamie Fox is as an RB album. No, we don't. We definitely, nigga That last album Don't play with us like that. His Second, his second album. Every song shout out to the dream for like going crazy and static, major rest in peace.


Like crazy stupid. The dream is another one. Yeah, the dream. Oh yeah. Fast. Yeah. Don't play with him. Yeah. I ain't writing no more songs, man. They don't, they don't respect writers enough to do all that shit. How so? I agree with you. I'm just curious about your, your experience. The industries. I thought That's where the bread at. No, It is. But they don't treat it like that Bro. First and foremost, it's three ways the label treats you like shit. Mm. They don't wanna give you points. They wanna get a producer. Everything. Like the, like I heard the heard that like, so all right, so take my lyrics off and put the goddamn producer shit on the radio. And I heard it take a long time for y'all to get paid where a producer get paid way sooner. Well, Not with me. I got my front end.


Oh, pardon me. Like I, I got my, I was good. Pardon Me. Kill, let's stop playing with it. Yeah, she Got one shit together. But it ain't about me, it's about the songwriters bro. Got gotcha. Like some writers, some, some song are not getting their front end. Then on top of that, the artist want, want you to be a ghost writer. Then on top of that, the artists are so insecure they don't even want to Thank you. Like, you know how like in the credits of the cd they would be like, Thank you so and so and so. Yeah. Back in the day, These niggas won't do that for you. Now they Would acknowledge that you, They won't acknowledge that a few of them will. But like some of these folks are so like narcissistic that they don't even respect the writer. So it's like, and and like the thing is like I'm a service as a writer. I know that I'm a service.


I know that you supposed to use me, but like when it's the misuse of it and I don't feel like, I don't feel like you replenishing me. I'm outta here. God, The credited thing is enough alone. Yeah. Like that shit is your whole calling card. That's more important. A lot of times that's your resume. The bread. It's your resume. Yeah. It's Your resume. That's your be card. Yeah, Exactly. They wrote such and such and such. But if it's like I did but nobody knows that. Yeah, that's Right. That's weird. Yeah. That's Whack. So you want a niggas just, you just, so you just gonna just spoonfeed me. You just going ear. Nah, like it's so bad for writers. I feel bad for songwriters. Yeah. That's the best, that's the biggest part of a being in the industry. And it's like Spotify's treating them bad. The song is the product. That's kind of tricky. The songwriter. That's kind of tricky spot to be in as a artist though.


No. Like I don't want nobody knowing that I'm not writing my own shit. Not even if I'm not writing my own shit. How though? Why Though? Michael Jackson had Ron to, You're not a rapper. Whitney Houston didn't write nuts. Rap rap is different. The skill is in, in the writing. As a rapper, You Right. But as a singer, the skill is in your vocal ability. Correct. You right. I'm And as and as a, and when I wrote with rappers, I never touched these niggas verses when I did lotto, I don't, I never touched a lotto verses Lotto writes all her raps. Like when I did 21 Savage, he wrote all his raps. It's just a hook. Right? Like it's a hook. Like that's okay. But The hook, the hook would be the song a lot of times on, on a rap record.


Especially like, it's a matter the song Hook can make a record record. No, but a lot of times the songwriter producer might send the record and they just fill it in the blanks and no disrespect. 'cause they still gotta body it. But yeah, the song is the song already. I think, I think every, I think to even to help rap right now, labels need to give rappers Song songwriters. I agree. A hundred percent. A hundred Percent. Let's go back to making shit big and pop. Yeah. Yeah. Or just well written. Hell just as simple as, hey, don't even have to be Poppy. It could be some dirty underground shit. Whatever, whatever. But make it a song. Still A hundred percent bro. Yeah, but like it's just like, it's yeah, It is. There's just no formation in Yeah. All that freestyling shit is cute. But like It is bad. There's no longevity in that shit.


It is bad Right now. It is horrible. But that's 'cause of the songwriter facts. Like, nobody wants to like actually really nurture relationships with writers. So you just, why, Why do you think that It is? That's interesting. Yeah. I I would've thought That. 'cause it's the money, it's the bottom line. It's the money. It's a money play, bro. Like if I'm an artist running around and I need a hit, or I need something that resemble a hit and I know Jozzy and a few others make that shit. That's a why, Why wouldn't I? Because you come from a different time legend. You a different type of nigga. You come from a different time where y'all niggas had hits, like Pharrell was giving y'all niggas a hundred percentage. Pharrell would do the beat and give y'all a hook. Like you God Done.


You gonna do that song like song is Done song and give you The flow, the song and give you a melody and give you the idea for the video. Yeah. Yeah. And like, you gonna be like, yeah, that's hard. But like Can't Even say no to that. True. Can't Even say Nothing. But like, but like these artists today, bro, It is so weird, bro. They like, they get a take. And I love no disrespect to these artists today, but like a lot of these artists today bro are like sipping on their own Kool-Aid and it's like got 'em for too much Dip on their chip For Sure. You know what I'm saying? And if, but like, and they kill it, but it's like, can you do it cons consistently And are you cool with like actually letting your homies flourish? Like I know niggas got ghost riders, but they don't let 'em flourish. It's let that nigga show like let 'em say he did this show.


Why Do you think that is? You think they just want to keep him under them? I have no idea. 'cause if you get an opportunity to spread your wings, I could fuck around and leave you. I Have, maybe that is, I, I really been, I think I slept on it and tried to come up with an idea, like an answer for that. Because I really don't know bro. Like, I don't know. But like A lot of it's just a de devaluation of music really. Like if there's no value associated with this music, no one's gonna spend the time to do it. Right. But Lemme tell you bro, But makes sense. It's, it's a bad mentality because if you do it right, it will be more Valuable. And it's only in black music And it'll last Forever. It's only in black music Expand. I Don Dunno about only but predominantly No twin. It's only in black music Twin I promise you. Like pop, pop, pop music, they collaborate.


Yeah. They motherfuckers collaborate. If you look like when you see a pop artist, they're thanking A lot of people. Yeah. Everybody. Yeah. Molly Vis is thinking, she's thanking my boys. She's thanking like her writers. Yeah. She's bringing 'em on stage. Yeah. Buno Mars, you saw what Buno Mars did. Yeah, bro. D Miles up and James f Deroy facts. Like that's like, it took, but he's not, you get what I'm saying? Like we, we are the only people people have taught us to. Like, we have to be super nigga. I'm a super nigga. Like, ah, I did this by myself. Whoa. Like no. Like why do they make us like they really, it's really, they have programmed us to think that we have to collaborate by ourselves.


Thankfully. Like, like I said, UK artists like, like certain UK artists, they're collaborating. They're, they're, they want to come and work with other writers and stuff, you know, I just, I'm just over it. So I'm like, damn, That's so interesting. You know what I'm saying? Back, back, back in my day, back in my day, if you weren't treating the PD at the radio station a certain way, if you weren't treating the people in your label that worked your records and your video, if you weren't just treating everybody a certain way, it could be over for you. Yeah. Like, you better learn the value of collaboration. So that's interesting to hear today that everybody just wants to do it themselves. Yeah. Like everything s not everybody because technology kind of got them doing a lot of the shit themselves.


Yeah, yeah. That's True. Yeah. Not all of 'em. But for the most, When it's time to scale or when it's time to get your shit heard from more people that's in your hood or on your block, it's time to bring, it's time to bring in. No you I agree bro. I I'll I And pay 'em. I agree. Yeah. That's the other thing. Niggas don't be wanting to pay, pay, pay the lawyer, pay the business accountant, pay your manager, pay your robe manager pay your pay. The people that need to get paid it Short, it shortsighted. 'cause good songs last forever. Yeah. All the other shit. You might get a hot TikTok hit or viral hit or a little placement in a commercial or something like that. And that, that's cool. That's some money right now. But like the, the people that have made careers long careers wrote good songs and took care of people.


Can I ask you a question? So ask Me anything Around, around your time, who was, who was the writer that y'all do that would, like who would y'all go to for like songs or hooks? Well, you gotta remember in my day as a rapper, I had to come up with the hook, the verses There was no, it wasn't writing camps. It wasn't, and if you were a different tier artist, then you go to your Pharrell, you go to producers, that's giving you a hook. Okay. So it always, it always just started with the producer of course. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, it's always a start with the producer with a beat. But in terms of going to get joints, that was reserved for a different level artist than I was.


Yeah. Like when Neo started having hits floating around with hooks on 'em, they wasn't coming to Game for me. Game was my NR They wasn't Yeah, nah. They was going to hold first and Fab Ja Rule. You remember I'm in the building with everybody ludicrous. I'm in the building with the thick of the thick. Yeah. So yeah, no, if you didn't come up with the everything on your own, then you just, you just ain't got one luck. Yeah. You ain't got one because you don't have the budget to go pay the people that. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. True. Damn. Yeah. Also Neo. Yeah. The Neos The Kanyes, It was Neos and Pharrell. Like my, my era is Fab first album. So a lot of that is Clue Enduro for sure.


Timbaland fucking Pharrell. I was so jealous of Fab. All that shit he had in his album. I was me on my album. It was me and my man from Bayone that I knew since I was 15. I didn't have to budget for nothing. Right. And we couldn't go say, Hey, I need to reforecast, which is, I need, I need more money. Hell no. That's Crazy. Yeah. Look at you now. Oh my Super super, super funny, bro. Hey, I tell you. Super awesome outta here nigga Escalator, follow your dreams. Escalator is still going. Yo never, never Quit. Look, talk to the people, right. Yo camera Say the alternate route's a long one. Yeah, It is. Your camera game. The alternate route is a long one, but you will eventually get to the same desk.


Never quit your Dreams, Bro. Idiot. Damn. Hey, let's clap to today. Hold on bro. Fuck that. I'm sorry. That's Hey bro. S like, like, I just, It is so funny, bro. Like Ja Rule daughter got married and I saw s like down Ja Rule look good. Like he, he, he he Want, looks Like he want all that shit going on. Like he the one I was like, damn. I was like You Right. Like Ja good songs. You got a good life, yo. You saw your daughter grow up A good lifestyle too. These niggas don't, these these rappers. Nah, nigga look like he in the gym six hours. That what I'm saying, these rappers, It is hot today. Like nobody's really thinking about they lifestyle tomorrow.


Right. Like I'm, I'm blessed to be okay at 45, but when I was 23, 24, 25, I wasn't thinking nothing about that shit. Ja Rule has had a wife his whole life. That's true. Has been in the house with his kids his whole life. Their whole life Shit has provided big as Mansion, ran around the world, made all the money work out every day. Don't do drugs. I don't drink. Like, but that's not, that's not what we look at. Right. We don't look at that. Those examples are around, go to Big Daddy Kae Instagram page. He looks amazing. He does. Dressed to the teeth. Looks very healthy. He keep that botte on. If you see him at a show, his breathing is clear. Hey, I be having the doctors come to my house now, birthday daddy do little shit.


Breathe for me. Just breathe. Okay. You sound good. You're great. Big daddy Kae breathe like uninterrupted. Yeah. We just keep looking at fucking perk heads and fucking the motherfuckers on pink cocaine talking about, oh, he a sniper. He's a crack head. Shit. He's a sniper. That's a good looking crack head right there. All right. Forget it Larry. Let them take the crack. Hey, that's that new crack. He was like, anyway, I'm joking too. Shout to what else do we need to ask? Ja tell Us about stage plays to Get Her Back. I Love you for that. That's why she, Melissa, goddamn damn four, bro.


She be Googling. No, hold on a second here. So here, here's such grew. Listen, she's my girl right now. Listen, I have, I've had my own off-Broadway experience. Come on. I just saw Tank on Broadway and he killed it. So I have like, I have such an appreciation for artists who step outside the box and do something so different like that. Just, I, I just had to tip my hat to your creativity. Thank you. Tell us about that. Alright, lemme tell you where it came from. Okay. So I'm Chilling with my boy Ricardo SC and Madonna. Right? We in at Dinner Fashion Week last year. Wait, Madonna. Madonna The greatest, the great Madonna Yona Was so Only Mama Madonna.


I didn me. Kurt. Kurt Ray. Ray and Fred. What? And Madonna. It just threw Madonna in there. Right. Hey bruh. So I had the salmon, Kurt Ray, Ray and Prince. What? Nah, but bro, so she's, she's an amazing woman and she just don't sugarcoat nothing. So I'm like, I'm gassing my album up. So she just looking at me, she like, I've been in this game for 30 years. She was like 30 decades. I was three decades longer. 44 decades. Yeah, four decades. Right. And she was like, I've seen every RB artist. She's like, what are you going do different from everybody I seen? I'm like, the fuck? I'm like, I was mad at this question.


I'm like, damn bro. She is right. Like what? Who Madonna? Yeah. She got shut the fuck up sometimes I ain't, I ain't, nah, nah. Hey Madonna, respect But joke. I need that. Not, No. Is that other interview running around when she walked up the homeboy like, oh, Monte Jordan. Oh, I saw that. Like, hey don't I own you? Like, all right girl, girl, relax. I saw this shit. But It is a good Question. Nah, I saw that You still gotta shut the fuck up. But still. Yeah, nah, but for me that conversation was a wake up call because like, nobody gonna really give it. 'cause like nobody really give you the real spiel. So the whole time I'm like, damn, what's going to separate me from a lot of artists? 'cause at the end of the day, we, we are business.


We're not just like, that's what's gonna separate me is I'm a business. Like, and then I looked at like the Queen Latifah's. I'm like, she's a business. So the StagePlay came about and I was like, I got this album called Soundtracks to Get Her Back. If it's a soundtrack, then I need something either a movie. And I was like, man, born To be a soundtrack too. But I'm like, yo, Michael Jackson did the best movie in the world and then Kanye did Dark Twisty Fantasy. Who the fuck going? Can't nobody beat them. So it's like, all right, I gotta do a StagePlay. And I just, I'm from the south, so like Madias and all the Tyler Perry stage plays and I was like, let do a r and b StagePlay. So I linked up with this girl Bianca, who is a Lena Wave, shout out to Lena Wave Chicago.


She does the Shy Queen of Slim. Yeah. Her writer on the Shy. She wrote the script for me and I gave her the idea. I told her the whole story and It is, it's like my album, It is like losing my girl and getting her back. But it's got like a fucking cliffhanger. And then I posted it. I literally, it was Gorilla Marketing. I did, all I did was post on Instagram and like a little tiktoks but like went out, passed flyers around that shit. Sold out in LA at El Portal theater and girl, it was like the prettiest girls. I didn't give nobody free tickets. Everybody had to buy. I had got, I gave like 10, like the label, like BMG, Spotify. But like it was women showing up by themselves, niggas showing up, suited up.


Like I had niggas was like, y'all, I ain't never been to a paper before. I'm like, wow. So that's Fire StagePlay to get us back. Spotify first show sold out. So I wanna take, I'm gonna take it on tour. I was About to ask, I'm about to chitlin Circuit boy. I'm going Tyler Aaron first stop Memphis. What? What Shows he do? Oh yeah, yeah. First show is Memphis. Well I pray It is Memphis right now. We still trying to figure out the like where we gonna go. But for show New York, Me and Mel would love to attend. Y'all are there. Me too. Me too. What? I would love that. Yeah, because the play is fire, bro. I have amazing, amazing cast and I'm, I'm singing in it. It is. And that shit complicated. Like actually going from acting to breaking into song, I didn't know how complicated that shit was.


So I respect like Broadway to the, that shit ain't easy bro. Like talking. Then you gotta, nah, that's crazy. Nah, it's tough. Like church Isha and B mf. I was like, no, for real. What She like, what she say? She smoked that shit. Where my what she saying? What she say nigga, too much? Nah, that's why we don't do that. Shout out to my dog. Isha. I love you girl. You trick. Huh? Do I trick? I don't know what that is. I'm from Memphis. I don't do that. Talk to him, Talk to him. The only reason why I can't do that is I like, I'm first and foremost how you, how you get 'em is how you gotta keep 'em. So, so if I start like that pimping, I gotta stay like that.


I'm scared. She gonna break me. Like I can start like that for a few days, but stay like that. Hell nah. She gonna catch me. So it's like, it's certain things I know that I can do constantly. Babe. I can like take you out to eat. I, I buy you cute look gifts. Like when write a when you're, when girl, you know what I'm saying? But like tricking, I'm saying A songwriter tricking actually. Yeah, that's true. That's tricking for songwriters. Lemme write a little tune about, about you. I write a song for her, but they, I've done it. I, I write a song for every girl that I talk to. Oh. It's like future with the ap. Oh Yeah. Nah. Like every girl in my life got, every girl in my life got a song because it's, It is like she's making me either better or worser. You gotta write a you gotta write a male song though. I would love to. You have a song for male? Nah, Because Melissa ain't in my life like that.


What she come on don't scare like that. Didn didn't mean Mel like that. You make wingette? Yeah. Relax. You Say what? Can you make Wingette? What's that? Wing chicken wing Wing? Hell No. You don't need that. Don't That. Can you make wingette? Hey, do you, can you make chicken breasts? Well, I got a girl I trigger on my baby. But did you Used to trick like when you on your girl, like Oh yeah, on my girl I'm gonna trick. I was broke before her. On my girl. I'm a trick. But like, yeah, yeah. I was broke before. Oh yeah? Yeah. Is It tricking if it's your girl though? It Is complete. I just trick my baby. It Is, it tricking If its your girl, it's If's your girl. No, that's only, that's that's the only time.


It's not tricking babying my life Complete. Yeah. Not niggas is buying girls crazy shit, bro. I had a, I'm not even gonna tell you I'm talking too much. I wouldn't trick but pay a light bill of rent or two. Like pay a little or three. Well, it depends. If you live in Union City, if you live in like West New York, you paying a light bill Little 13. Send it over. I I can I ask you a question, Melissa? What's the, what's the craziest gift that a nigga ever gave you? Oh. What's the best gift you feel like? And before you even, before he even like even got to the Homecoming, which like, what was that, what was that gift? The Homecoming?


It was a, it was a, We're like a breeze over that. The homecoming is crazy. It would be a combination of thoughtfulness and expense. So it, but what was it? I'm, I'm, I'm about to tell you not what it would be. It was a, it was a diamond bracelet that he had custom made to look like a diamond ring. Yeah. And it was beautiful. That nigga said, I ain't still have it. I ain't ready to marry it, but I'm gonna So you didn't give Yes. That, that would, that was exactly what he said. How much you Got when You pawned it? I did not. I still have it. Why you playing your stock? I, that actual, I that I'm not a very sentimental person, but I have, I really, I love that gift and I still have it. I would never pawn.


Why you don't wear it? Why you be wearing all that stuff? You don't stuff saving Mary. But you all this shit from, from Crystal shot. Yeah, she would shit from Crystal Pandora. If you got the real shit. Crystal Shop is crazy Work. I wear saving, I wear it when on special occasions. We ain't special nigga. I, that's why I don't wear it up here. Why? When you wear, Would you send him a picture and be like, No, no, no. He, but he knows that I still have it. It came up in conversation not too long ago. So you still speak to It's all Yes. Me. So I'm, I'm cool with, with some of my exes. Me too. Yo, that line, that line that people, It is over.


You get off. That's not, I'm still cool. All right. All right. I know what that means. I know what that means. I been outside gonna pull my ex. What It mean? What it mean? I'm curious. Turn with Open Garage Said help me. Help me to understand what he Said. That's the shit it should be saying. Jozzy said the same thing. So tell me, I know y'all three Jezebels y'all, y'all three fucking whores need the garage open. That's all that means. Need the garage. What that means is I can still fuck my old work whenever I feel like it. Nah, I would never spin the block except on this one girl if I could. Oh yeah, she heard you bring it back. It back. She was watching right now. What you say though?


Yo, you gotta keep your G and you put it out there already begging bag. RB nigga. There you go. You right. I'm just trying to find out where she live right now. I can pull up with some flowers. That's a little tricky. That's a little tricky. It's not At all. That's Charge. That's That's Or or it's Or it's stalking. Yeah, that's a, Now stalking is, if I do it more than, more than once. Now if I go back, It's a gesture one time. It's a suggest true. That one time. It is cute. She's right. Second time It is. I Jozzy. You tripping. Ah.


Hey you said something about this one, one interview. What'd I say? I love this song. Lunch. I love this project. I ain't gonna lie. Thank you. My album is incredible though. Watch. Oh yo. Bring me my phone. I wanna play some, when we get play some new music, I wanna play song. Hey, How many joints on your album? 14. Alright. You never tried to turn nobody out did you? All of My friends. Fifth because the bad girls or the gay girls with braids get a bad reputation.


Like they'll meet a straight girl and try to turn her out. Try. I don't, I don't be the opposite. Ain't, and that ain't not doing that. I, that ain't no reputation nigga. That shit is, but she's not doing that. Okay. So 2025. I vowed that I would never talk to a straight or a bisexual girl ever again. You just gotta be gay. Yeah, She gotta, I have to know that she, she knows what she wants and she's, Oh, you lost a bitch to a real nigga. Lemme tell you We got her. No, no. Lemme tell you. Lemme tell you. Lemme keep it real. Something right off Her feet. Let me like first of like, I'm not that type of person like, oh I lost her to her nigga. Like that's not even that. It's just that I'm at this point in my life, I really want relationship.


Like I want a companion. Like I really want somebody for me. So Jozzy, I'm Cut it out. She's gonna hear It's gonna all before. Oh nah. Like no you thought That by getting the braid, you wasn't nigga you subjected to taking L too. Nigga I'm That shit that smelling like Wall Street don't mean shit. That smelling like fucking, I took a, I took a L. I'm not saying, but I'm saying like, there we go, I'm done with, I'm done with. Like don't play with me. You know What I'm saying? Got it, got it. Got. I'm not, I'm not experimental. You not gonna experiment with your sexuality with me. You Know what I'm saying? Oh, somebody came over and fucked you that was curious And then booed.


Somebody just wanted to ta taste ass Snap. It's one of my favorite songs. Taste that Poptart toast. Nah, for real. Hey man, the Jazzie was liking the girl. Then she boogie like, nah, nah, but you, I'm in the men. She ran right there. Yo. Listen, Any girl that I'm that I go like that I'm going, that I'm intimate with. I like her. I'm not a nigga that just be out here just doing anything. So I have to like her. You know She just like ra she just, Nah, I mean she just don't, she doesn't wanna fully go there. Got you. You know what I'm saying? It's not a person. Like how old are you? I'm 33. You know what I'm saying? Like it's not like a a person but it's still like, and I'm at that age where I'm ready to settle down.


You get it. Like I hear you. I'm at that age where like I don't wanna be out here. I hear you. Oh my God. You don't believe me. I Believe you. Didn't you? He don't believe Me. You'all Just, just a 30 something year olds. They not maybe on your page. Yeah, they are. Okay. It's Just, it's gotta be the right person though. Gotcha. And I'm not going to Niggas y'all gotta be fucked up. Yuck. Y y'all. Yeah. I feel bad for y'all straight women. Yeah, look at fucked up here. So when can we expect the music? I got some new music I wanna play on Play. I want to get to the music. I wanna play on tour. Record For real. Can I please Off the record a lot of people listening on the record.


There we go. There's a lot of people listening. She said record, they gonna put it right on Limewire too. Maybe I saw. No, no. I'm gonna play one. I'm gonna play one. I got the, I got the, What's that I got, you got the old iPhone. Oh shit. Okay. Parks. We got Y'all too lu for me over here in this God Joe button. You got 17 cameras. Oh she got the nine s. All right, let's find constant shit. The whole iPhone right quick. Hey get best. Alright, we got something. We got heat. We got some heat. What's up? Keep dropping off. New shit. New shit. Think the whole Harlem world on some clue shit. Oh, I need this in my phone.


Whatever It is. On a Friday night before I head to the strip club to see my favorite bartender. I'm I gotta go to the strip Club with you though. I heard Anytime I heard you. That one Any don't dog. My girl listening. My girl listening. I heard you. The number one trick coming. No, I'm, I'm, I'm No that drag me my house and shit. I just be Chilling. I throw a couple gr. Ooh. Oh yeah. Oh this is nice. Oh Yeah, they got that marriage here. Brand new music.


Brand new music. Hey, hey wait a minute. I am such a bird. Nah, puff ain't supposed to be on trial with this. This is fine. The peaches and cream. Oh she at the wrong house. I ain't doing that.


Don't act like you do to this. You might, I might, You might have nice little verse on that. I would've definitely put a verse on there. I would've Definitely put voice on that with a Nice light. 42 in the front. Hey, hey, can I tell y'all no. My favorite verse 42. Oh club bro. Club Are you and Marcus Houston. Oh, Clubbing. Yes. Nah, I can spot you at the corner of your eyes that you wanna ride. You look in that pop you like. Oh. Oh Come on Pop. Who the fuck was Poppy Cam?


Yo cam but you Yo, I smoked that. That's another one of my hits. They trying to throw under the rug because Kes wrote it like Yeah, nah that's crazy. I'm Keeping that in it. That was when he was Pi Piper too. Oh shit. How you gonna call you? Yeah, they lucky I ain't doing shows no more. Nigga. I'll open up nigga. I go on tour right now. Do Marcus Houston. Shit. This another, I don know Why Bad Wall don't call me for the millennium tour anyway. Nah, you Should. This this another song right here. Me and Chris Brown. Shout out to my brother. My heart. My brother, my heart. That means some fires in the talk. I need all this in my phone. I ain't gonna hold you.


I'm about to say this Chris Key. Yeah It is. That Chris Key. You know it's about to happen. It Go, Oh no I need you. Nah man. Nah, send this through.


Nah man. I love you baby. Yeah, even, even Superman has a weakness man. Listen to this man. Especially the new Superman with that little, that little colorful outfit he got on. He don't look like the Snyder Superman. Little Different. This is my new single though. I'm about to drop real songs. Please play it for us. It's Called Dogg. I really feel like this is a, a hit out of this world. It's We gonna help it to get there too. Nah, play this. I'm proud of this. Right All here we go.


Yeah, We mailing the video. Oh my God. The video. Yo. Him don't play with me. Oh, Toronto Legend. What? What This's A video you could do fight with. All Need you to say is I'm have to go Do you not that drink You right. Damn nigga. She ain't the one to play with you. Her dms, they beside like babysitters mother. You say you want an angel to give a heaven on earth. I need all these. I think girl, she better than men Be a dog but a bitch be more clever.


Hey. Oh they gonna run with that. Oh my. This Nigga. See that girl do it Nigga. Watch yourself then a girl doing better. Hey. Oh man. Work Kise when I need her. Nope. That's why I get kcal when I need her. The farm Africa on the farm now You got it. Bail. I I you Got, I just gotta find her. She ask her literally. That what I'm saying. That's too complicated bro. What do I, what do I have to do to gain the relationship equity to have these songs sent to my text?


At least that Chris join. I won't play for No I promise. Nah, you know what? I promise I won't. I won't. I won't let let nobody hear won't nobody here. I promise I won't. I promise you I'm not that type of person to be like, you know. Oh nah, I'm, I'm sensitive like, like I'm I'll send to you. Ooh, I get the Chris name before hear. Hey, I'm going Out with him bro. I got the, I got my friends. My homegirls trying to go out too. So what we doing? Oh you more than welcome please. Yo Lauren, call him up. Lauren Please look at Lauren like I got you. I got 2,500 call up free spear. What's up? I got 25 throw 20 come out.


It's five. I got 55. I'm throwing five grand come out stupid. Nah, that would be great. All of those songs sound absolutely five y Got a question outta all them joints that I just played y'all. What was the one that really stuck with y'all Though? Them all of 'em. Yeah. All but that last one, they was all different. That dog one, the dog is crazy. I could just see where they gonna go crazy with that. Yeah, that's, I could see the TikTok. I could see the chicks subbing they niggas with the lyrics. Yeah. I don my mama. That's For sure. The first one. They all, they all resonate. The first one. All of them. I like all of them. The first one. Yeah. Yeah. I like the, I like the Chris. I like the Chris Brown shit too. I need that Chris Brown for when I'm fucking and I grabbed the Apple TV remote. Hit that Joseph's playlist. Joseph's mix with it. Say up there it say your name with whatever your recent jams be.


I need that to come on. Come on. When I'm in that bag are you shitting me? Sheesh. I know Mel need that to come on. Huh? I love that one. I love that. But but but when she in South Jersey not playing with Mel William Bur she take a long drive. She did. William Bur or Daisy. Hey big man. Nah that's all of those. All of those, all those folks sounded great. Every single one. When when can the audience hear some of this music? I'm actually, We on know Virg of like marketing getting ready to Jo Dogg him like in June we about to go crazy with Dogg. We here. Oh yeah June is here. We here. Yeah Bro that's next week. You honestly think that women eat pussy better than men.


Look at me. Of Course You think they cheat better than men Eat pussy better than men. Right. Eat the box. Like I just think we more attentive to it. They do. I think y'all Ds just be ready to slide in When I be having my little, you Know what I'm saying? Y'all be ready to slide in and not really just go, I walk, I walk to the kitchen. When all look he like Hell nah. I be hearing that Motherfucker. I'm a munch. I listen that Nigga you a lesbian then bro. Well we been saying that to You. A lesbian. A lesbian. That's a ass old nigga s that got the flavor. Save. Save All. He be like this. Hey big freeze.


Wait, answer each question. You think women cheat better than men? Way better bro. You want me to tell you why You can Y'all Wanna, why know you ain't Shit? Can I, can I get y'all? Nah, I'm so much shit. I hear a song. Lemme tell You. Lemme tell you bro. Y'all niggas are hard. Y'all are dumb as shit. Y'all be cheating in the dumbest way. It is really like dogs and cats. Women really are like cats. Like you know when like dog shit like a nigga a dog will like smell the tree Pee and then just shit right there. Right like a, A cat will be like kidd lit like digging Shit bury the shit and then bury the Shit, bury the Shit shit and walk away. You won't even know she fucking shit. And then if, and then if it's a cat, the only way a woman wants you to know she cheated is if she mad at you or she hates you.


And that's what cats do. If you know about cats, if a cat hates you or not a hates you, if a cat is mad at you or you or at their owner, they'll shit in the house. That's how you know your cat is mad at you is 'cause she'll shit or like Pee in the house. Yeah You know what, fuck the game up. Well Women are women don't play when Another Cat call another cat and want to come to them as a woman. Fuck did you talk about That's what fuck the cat up. Oh god You reading my mind yo. Oh my god what did you talk about? Women are not a monolith so there's no way to tell when you're dealing with a woman who will tell your woman like if we just had a sign man, like Justin was in that movie in time where he looked at his watch and see how much time he had left. If we can look at our watch and see this bitch will tell on you.


She's a Teller. Yeah We won't do it. What you mean the junk you messing with? Yes. The girl will tell. They tell and and they wanna check your girlfriend's Instagram stories. Now your girl see her big ass face at the bottom of the screen checking her story. Now she's like who's this new bitch? Check my story. Hey so why so, so, so why do y'all, okay, I'm just curious when y'all cheat 'cause I've never cheated on Well we don't cheat up here. Alright. When y'all used podcast full of faithful man when Y'all used to cheat or when y'all used to cheat like I'm so curious. I be asking my boys like why do y'all cheat in the same vicinity as your girl? This is the Instagram era. You be cheating with somebody in Swahili and get caught. Yeah, but it's a little bit, it's a little bit harder. All you done did it. You Nah I'm good.


Nah, nah, nah. I ain't even remotely thinking about it. It's A little harder I think Though. Dudes don't tell. Most guys won't tell they don't want you to leave your man. I want you to keep being the side. I ain't even if I caught feelings, I'm still not gonna snitch and call your dude and be like yo big bro, that's my, I'm just coming to you as a man. This is, that's my beef with the gay girls. The gay girls with the gay Girls is crazy. I Love It. These gay girls know how these bitches is moving because y'all dealing with 'em. Y'all understand what y'all understand what time It is. Y'all understand what time is meaning What Y'all. You understand how tricky it can get sometimes true. If you're dealing with somebody you like and you develop a good rapport and now they just do something totally outta whack that you couldn't predict a hundred percent to let your partner know.


So it just gets tricky dealing with women. Yeah, no It is very tricky. And I bro, because of that I, I got myself in some situ in a situation. It was like a little messy. No, not You. No really Not you big not Jozzy, not Big jaws. No I hate that. Y'all think of me so he these spoke lords. That's just wild. This is crazy. Watch, I'm gonna pop out one day with a dress on and be married to a nigga. I'm joking girl. Please Probably sweating when say that but, but, but I will say bro I ain't gonna hold y'all. We just need to just bro, like that whole Mr. Studio girl, all that shit is dumb bro. Like niggas just need to just like yeah They got you yo.


That's All right. Listen, somebody got yeah somebody, somebody business what's her name? Yo, we gonna try to help you. Nah, it was bro, I needed all those lessons. I Agree. You know what I'm saying? I agree because Those lessons like what if I was to mess with somebody who ain't had shit to lose and they would've just fucked me up or like, you know what I'm saying? I'm glad that there was with somebody that I needed. I'm glad. I'm Glad. Oh shit. She got hurt by somebody. She Lose yo statue of lip shorty As had shorty as she out here in New York. What's her? Yeah we gonna help you find that. I Don't wanna damn man signed. You just said you wanted send us some Roses. Nah, that my girlfriend You signed the candlelight NDA I'm talking About, you know what I'm saying? Like Stupid shit. She signed the NDA.


That good NDA too. Oh man We gonna take this picture and get outta Listen, we absolutely love you. I'm grateful, Grateful for y'all all fans of you. You have our support. If you ever need anything, please you know I am a call or text away. Thank you for coming. Indeed. Make some noise for Come on Josh, man So much. Amazing. And if you do indeed, if y'all want to move around later, I was gonna stay in. But if y'all do wanna move around later, I was already telling Them yesterday, yo, now you got an excuse. Nah, I wasn't even going out.


Jozzy is the homegirl, you can't really tell your girl you going out with to show a good time. Damn. She's like me like if Ish go home and say Yo Joe, Joe want to just go out and have some fun, this girl will be like, look yo, What's up with this folklore of me? I'm a good yo. I'm a peaceful. I'm gonna make sure you get home on time. My Girl loves you. I Thank you. My girl loves, she's loves she's so mad that she not here. We well bring outside. We got you. We got you. And we got Keisha Cole coming. She was here for fucking the mayor of Newark. She so mad. Hey, she's so mad. She's tight. We got the good shit coming down again. Jozzy. We love you man.


Yo, hit Willie for me. Please, please. Look, they don't look like they gonna hit Willie. Nah, He really gonna hit Nah, for real. They was so they told me you wore Willie like they Owe. I always will Willie and it's some of that shit. I can't get my proper size and in ol if he right there in Brooklyn somewhere, somebody text this nigga look. He ain't texting nobody send me songs. No, he really gonna do it. Please hit Willie for me. Watch. That's all I got. If We do it, you gotta, I'm telling you watch, I'm stepping out. We need, we need a gift. I'm stepping out crazy. Need a Thank you card stepping. No, no, for sure. You got that from me. Make some noise. Will that time? Yes Sir. That was great. Absolutely love Jozzy.


Yeah, that's what So happy she came by. So fire. I see some talk out there about them wanting us to, that looks like fucking you. It does. I see some talk out there about them wanting us to get rid of the sleeper segment. I don't know. It's such a staple. No, because they say that's the only, this person said that. That's the only way to truly evolve the show and take it away from anything with old remnants. From what used to be one, two or do some reconstruction to get it back in its proper light of discovery. Discovery of music.


I don't know. I wanted to ask y'all. I read it, it made some sense. I wanted to ask y'all, should we take a vote to end the sleeper segment Altogether? I'm not mad at a, a re-imagination of it. I don't know how that looks, but What'd you say ish? I like playing. I like it. I like trying to like it unknown artists. But there is times where we play like major artists. So We do, but I, I think that the, the appreciation that we get from the new artists that get their shit broken on the platform is big. Is dope. Paola Hey Paul, wherever you at. Go set up right here. S right. Oh got it. Alright. So what we'll do is we'll skip sleep as this episode.


You sound like an a and r now ish. He's right. I mean I think it's, I think it's super dope to shine. I think it sometimes it gets weird. We're we're playing some non super artist. Yeah. Like If there's a reimagination, fine, but let's play them until we reimagine it. Okay. You know Listen man, we got a good weekend coming up. We'll be back with sleepers next week. Shout the first and last time. Listeners. We want to thank Jozzy for coming by. For sure. For sure, For sure, for sure. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do Farewell Idio SVA Dichi as Lata Arvo.


So long. Goodbye. A simple head noob will suffice. What else? Try Y'all down out there for the weekend. Stay safe, stay dangerous. Go, go Nick. For sure. We gotta win tonight. Gotta win tonight in Indiana. If anybody can do it, we can do it. Anybody do anything fun this weekend? Roots Picnic. Picnic. Oh yeah. Ruth Picnic. Picnic. Go to a Mets game tonight.


I got some family shit. Sunday Park's been outside. Yeah, it's a lot. It's a lot going on. Parks be moving around. It's a lot Pop up. Better rave. Get word shout to everybody going to the Roots Picnic. Shout to the roots. Shout to Black thought. Hey, shout to Quest. Love always the whole Philadelphia city of brotherly love. Shout to Tank all our friends to the show. Show. Alright, we gone. 'cause Keisha Cole got a hard out. Again. Shout the kids, participate in their bra.


All the kids getting outta school, all the parents out there. Shout the happy couples, the miserable ones as well. Hey everybody in the community, man. Shout out to the Patronis facts. Everybody checking this podcast out. Enjoy your weekend. May got outta here like it had somewhere to be. Facts, we we prepping for June, first of the month is tomorrow. You know what I mean? Them bills don't stop. That's a fact. Dumb bills do not stop. Oh, and It is so depressing, man. Let's get to the strings right quick. Hey, Hopefully y'all enjoyed this pod as much as we enjoy delivering it to you.


Good job y'all. No JPJP. Where would You be without JP? My.