
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. I turn this On. Yo, you doing this on purpose? 'cause we start out with you and I'm trying to break the trend. But are you cool? Yeah, No, I'm great.


How are you? She's high, bro. I'm so not high. It is Way too early. You just was talking to me mid-sentence about to ask me a question. I'm on the edge Z and then you just looked away. You should drift it off. You a word To me. She doing Bullshit so I just wanted to know if we cool You right. No, we're absolutely we're we're so good. Holy sorry. Holy shit. Yeah. Brain fart. Can't remember. It'll come to me. That happens. Happens. That happens all the time. That happens. Oh man. How y'all doing? Good. Good. How y all doing On Put my headphones on in the middle of the heat wave. It is hot. It is hot. It's hot. Sun hunt last looks.


I ain't where y'all do that too. We was just having the time of our lives. We was just being best friends. Soon as we record everybody get all tense. Loosen it up. Loosen it up buddy. We were having wake it up in here. That's crazy. Well pause. Pause. We were having A time. No, we was having a little lightweight slice. A little New York slice. Not a Chicago, not a Chicago slice. A little New York slice Is Chicago pizza. Really good s Good question. They Be beefing. I think Chicago pizza is way better than New York Pizza at Joe. Watch your fucking mouth, Joe. Chicago. Pizza's fired. But it's good. Joe. You can't sayt You like the, that a pizza Connoisseur. I'm not a pizza connoisseur. I don. I never had it.


Isn't Chicago pizza like deep pizza? Pizza? Yeah. Well it's really a preference. All New York pizza is different though. That's Such, there's a style, a general style Of Yeah, you're right. Box. You know who got the best pizza on the low Connecticut New Haven they're known for. That's the only thing Connecticut is known for. Damn near pizza. I never heard that. Connecticut got midnight. Connecticut Got NBC up there. I don't know about, I don Know about pizza. But you get a pizza. Yeah, You gotta have a slice. Exactly. You get a slice of Cape Verde. Some extra cheese. You know all the, the Cape Verdeans in Africans is at yo yo. You take this being black shit to another level. Boy, you know everything.


They always study us. Anytime. I was about, they Not like us. Anytime I was about to close the deal in Connecticut, the fight broke out. What do you mean? Yo, that's even better. I locked eyes with a group of them over there. As soon as they was making their way in slow motion running toward each other. Niggas start shooting, throwing bottles. You gotta run dog crawl outta There. Hey man, It is a little too much for me. You ready to get outta here? These niggas? Wow. Use That old caster. No, not I You go ahead and try to save a stranger life. Yeah. Yes. Stay outta. Yeah. She might repay you or you might or She might jump you. You love head more than me. You love head more than me. That's what It is.


What's up y'all big man? What up? What's up man? Oh shit. All right, before we start, y'all always have flipping. Mel was having a conversation. I promise y'all after this you won't hear their name for at least an hour and a half. Okay. Flo and me talk Or that flipping. Mel was having a conversation. Mel was asking Flip for a favor flip. Don't know if he's doing the favor because times have changed. He's up. He's up. He said I He's on fire up in here. It is getting hot. He's on fire. Fire. Yeah. Yeah. So Mel looked all stupid in the face like all of me. You're not gonna do it for me.


So then I was like, you listen, the terms of the favor for favor shit. It is tricky. Last year y'all was kumbaya besties at the pet and zoo Flip dropped you off from the Grand Central out of a moving car. It was tough. But y'all was getting the content done this year. I think both of y'all have been so on fire that I guess the turns would change. But I could tell you how it's supposed to go. If y'all tell me who's hotter outta you two right now. Because I think that's a tough battle. That's tough, y'all. I mean it's two different, both Hot, hot. They both hot. It is. It is two different fields though, of work. They Both hot though. She's in the podcast field. I'm in the malls. The and movies and tv.


Yep. Yeah, But you're doing it without pretty privilege actually. You're doing it with the opposite. You're doing it like ugly privilege. You doing it? I did it with the Ugly man. You did it like, oh shit. They let This nigga in here, The camera. Oh shit. Who was that nigga? Stop watching Mind. I don Know. This is tough Mel. What you think Mel? I think Mel is hotter. She fresh off award Too. Yeah. Oh, the Gracie? Yeah. Yeah. That might that that might give me the edge. Yeah. I forgot she never mentioned it before. Might the No, we never heard of that but No, but but yeah, they wouldn't award you. No. Well they don't award Me. They don't award me. Yeah, exactly. That's what I'm saying is they wouldn't have awarded you. So, and I don't have friends. Well I can't say that. That's rude.


Listen, whatcha trying to say? Sometimes niggas use their Connects to, to get ahead. Oh yeah. Not you me. Mm. But if we show Neck Fair and Square though. Yeah, I, I think so. Nobody will use a podcast is amazing. I think it's great. I watched a couple episodes. Mel's been killing So I think Mel would be the hotter one right now. Y'all both been killing. Y'all both killed. Y'all both been killing. I can't decide it. Thank you. I can't, I'm not Even joking. Well let's just say like Our, like hotness cancels it each other out. So Can you do the favor? Yeah. Yeah. Well I have to know more details of the favor. Okay, I got you. 'cause like you, Even though I didn't ask for any details, I said I got you.


Wait, that's the other part I was trying to snitch about real quick. Go ahead. And then I'm y'all finish snitching because then Mel was like, it's a bag involved. It's a bag Involved. That means somebody came to her to to, to, I know what that means. So somebody Used me to get to you is what you're Saying? Oh, She Answered the hotter question right there. Oh yeah. Oh. You might have told Oh Say Again. That was slick. That was slick sharp. Okay. Mel loud. You hear? That was slick. I didn't hear it. Somebody used me to get to you. Picture that. I mean all them young outfits she been wearing don't really fit her. Don't Shoot it though. Don't shoot it. All She did was answer her question. Shoot it up shooting.


All she did was answer a question. Big dog. I'm not shooting at Mel. Yes. Somebody could use you to get to me. You know where the fuck I am. You know what the numbers is putting up on the board. Talk to him. You know nigga, he won't let you even talk about the shit that they will want you to talk about on here. He'll stop you just tweet it out with me. Nah, nah. Watch your mouth with me. I can be able to do it nigga. On my shit. I can talk about it. I'm, I stand strong. I stand, I looked him in the eyes and said King Kong ain't got shit on me, nigga. Oh, go to Dr. Lamont hill. Nigga. Ain't got nothing to do with me. See what happens next over here. Mind my business, Mark got his green tea. He checked, got EPMD shirt. He Got checked. He got checked a couple of times. Brother, brother Marcus Chilling man. Shirt tough. Thank you. I like that shit, mark. Thank you brother. You know who EPMD is?


Yes. Oh, the fuck is wrong with you. I don. Exactly. You always know the answer. And they, I'm saying age, age wise. I'm talking. They older. I see what type of time we're Yeah. Yeah. That's not EPMD. You said Keith Murray. See now that's not epm. Hold on. EPMD is, It is not. You got It is. Hold on. Stop, stop, stop, stop. The E is a head. Wait, wait, wait letters. It is not Eric Sermon and, and what's his nigga name? Eric Smith. Who? Eric and Parish making dollars. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna see if he knew the joint. That's how I didn they fall out. I know what I'm saying. Okay. Yeah. I talking about somebody went through a window and Keith Murray's in that. Thank you Joe. It is in the universe. Yeah, they were. Thank you Paul. Why you owe me that? He's not any P md.


That should be The first name that comes up. Right When you say, if I say Run dmc you like LL Cool J like that. Don't make shout to UPMD. Yeah, yeah. Shout out to them. Good time. Listen. He wave what you want me to do? What you saying It is?


Never heard this. I didn't know that's how the Song started. I never heard that. Me neither. She ain. She ain. Check one max. Check one, 2, 1 2.


Shout wherever you might be listening from. Say New York City, the Rex right now. What up? What up, what up though?


You always out here on these streets. Yeah. I mean, I said the weather high right now. Come on. Y'all know my body. You already know what time It is when I hit that highway or when I'm outside right now. Hustling. Nigga. You go, that's what you Shout to all the subgroups out there out there. The, the ladies shout to all the parents out there. All the relationships Out there.


Everybody out there on vacation right now getting ready for vacation right now. It go. And the strip clubs and the nightlife. Come on, stop playing with me. Tip your favorite bartender. When it's hot outside, nigga don't come in here looking Musty.


It's stupid. I'm Ready to get ready to it.


Yes sir. Shout to all the thick bitches out there. Shout to all the skinny PPPs out there. Let's go all those zippy hoes out there. Let's go. Some of y'all saving up to hit that table. Shout out to everybody. Alright man. Mic check. Mic check. Mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2. Mic Check. One, two. The level, the level, the level. The levels is good. My mic sounds nice. Check one. You know what I mean? Let's get these drops out the way.


Keep this applause going for the best crew in the universe. What's That? And mail. Mail, mail. Yes sir. Yes sir. What episode is this? 8 37. Welcome to episode 8 37 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by fuel. By Power by Prize pitch. Prize pitch gang. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, happy to be here. Fully dressed.


Host Joe button here with some really amazing people to my right. You know the, you know the vibes. You already know Legend from the six. Stop playing with her. Big Melissa Ford in the building. Hey. Yeah. You get corny everywhere. Every time you try to Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold up. Y'all not clapping loud. Y'all not clapping loud enough. I'm with her. Y'all not clapping loud enough, nigga. Especially y'all. Next to Mel Queens. Get the money. Queens flip in the building. You you, you're next to next to him. Bang. Mayor of things town. Bang bang. King Wawa bang, bang. It is in the building. Makes some fucking noise. Stop playing with him.


Huh? His birthday's the 16th. Twinning. Twinning. You So close next to him. Big freeze. Birthday just passed. Yes sir. Y'all know his body. Mr. Take it further. Ice is in the building. Yes sir. Yes Sir. Our good brother. Dark Lamont Hill is in the building. Stop playing with him. Big parks is in the building. Corey is here. PO is here. Ericson is here. I don't know who else is back there with Ericson Tanner and say Bonna here by remote last. But certainly not least each and every one fucking fans are out there. And none of this is possible without the fucking fans. Make some noise for yourself at home. Goddammit. Come on, let's clap now. Come on Mel.


Me and Mel clapping up. Shit. We ready? How y'all doing? How y'all feeling with Pop was Pop was clacking though. Feeling good man. Feeling good. How's your birthday? It was cool. It's good birthday. Good birthday. Okay. Just cool. Yeah. Yeah. Nah. You know Thursday was actual day right? It was fun. I went out with y'all Friday night I died but that's cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You died. That heat. That heat. Shit. Ain't no joke. We had a blast Friday night. Saturday had my party. Sorry I missed It. It was cool. Went out after that. Ended up in the hood with all the homies. Had a blast. Got home five in the morning. Okay. One of 'em nights. Yeah, that I slept it off the next day. Back at. It's gonna freeze. Sounds good. Sounds like a lot of fun. Big freeze. Yeah. Yeah. We got, we got out in there fall.


Big Ty vibes. Oh for sure. For Come on. Stop playing. Hey man, we don't get baby Sun. Sun was coming up when he was gone. Stop playing. No, the sun was up. Mm. Sun beat us up. Damn. That was me Saturday. I had told for Friday and we turned the fuck up. Iani came through it. It was, I'm sure we'll talk about it on Patreon for Sure. We had time. We had time. Yeah. We gotta talk heat don't mix though y'all. I know I had to go home. Oh yeah. I had to go home. I was telling I was gonna pass out. That shit was AC was fucked up in the spot and it was upstairs so it's even hotter. 'cause all the hot air rises and All that and that spot so small that Yeah. F facts. Y'all be Wild. Shout to the New Yorkers Con Edison again. Having some issues. It's a lot of y'all without some air right now.


During this he wave. My heart goes out to y'all. No here too. Here too. Here too. Yeah. No East Star. All shit went out yesterday. Yep. And over here. That's P-S-E-N-G. Yeah. See calling that Just be Jinky sometimes, but yeah. Nah, get that air back on. Get that air back on. On the power Grid. Can't take the suddent now. Everybody turning the acs on all at one time. Yeah, they can't take it. Yeah. Shit, I don't turn mine off. We was tripping the grid. Right. You got a lot of btu. The little portable joints. 12,000. What? That's bad. I thought BTU was Good. You about to compare BTU now? No, See. See it Though? Got a little 6,000 over there.


Got a little six. So Stupid. Got 12. You got 12. That's cute. That's like a church fan. Go ahead man. Today's a good day man. My son graduated today. Nico Make some noise. So you know, that was good man. Being over there watching him and you know, my other children's graduation, I to take my shirt off and run to the front, but this time it was more calm. Gross. And I said that JR. And Princess. Oh what you took you that ass, you took your shirt off and ran to the front. Yeah. When Jrl graduated from middle school. When JR graduated from high school, when Princess graduated, that was just my bag.


But I changed. I changed. You know it's a new, it's a new one. That's why you got them creases. That's a new T-shirt. Yeah, that's, yeah. I See that. Yeah. You know what I mean? So, you know, my, my son graduated felt good and That would've Oh you, Oh Yeah. You Millionaire Status. Now that would've been the very first sign that you wouldn't have been at the next graduation. They tried to band because They, that would've been a co-parent meeting. No, they Would, they would in charge On God, all That. My children went to the same school. So when JR graduated, Princeton graduated. You know? Yeah. So they did try to do that. But you know, queen Foot, I start to go online yo. But yeah, it was, it was, it was wonderful. You know, Jersey ain't tolerating that bullshit. Yeah. I mean you going to jail out here. Yeah, I know. I know.


Jersey's very serious. And JR was graduating I think, I think when JR graduated they out out the princess or or Linky. And then, you know, when Prince was graduating JR. Filmed it. Of course he walked up there with me. Let's go. Princess Eye hugged her like, oh this nigga cra wild again. Well, shit, let me shout out, let me shout out my little brothers who are graduating this week. Good. Yeah. Go. Go Ethan. Go Anthony. Let's go Y'all. Ethan, Let's congratulations. Crazy. I have two 18-year-old. Fucked. Yeah. That's fucked. Fucked me up. Fucked up. I meant when she was pregnant. That is absolutely nuts to me. Wow. 1 1, 1 graduation is on Thursday, one is on a Friday. The Friday one. You definitely know I can't get to.


Mm. But I, the Thursday one, he keep, he keep reminding me, I told you you gotta call. He called Me. He called me yesterday. Hell Joey, it's at two o'clock. I'm like, oh, do you really want me to be there? You gotta go there. This grad. He wrong with you. What's wrong with you? Why Milestone? It's not gonna happen again. This graduation. Fuck all that. I want the yame. It is my brother Rich. Pull up in that thing too. Y'all, It is gonna be nice. Crew love too. But, and you, you dressed press a Lot in a relationship. Oh alright. So let the pens be Ronnie Romance. Yo. Y'all don't play. Y'all don't let him go. You going girl.


He figure Y'all cool. Heck Out. Him too. He do the same thing too Big free. Oh yeah. No, no. Yeah. Big freeze. Don't play boy Headlock. That nigga don't play with him too. I Don't care either. That shit, fuck. There's nothing wrong with it. And I don't care. There's nothing wrong with that. And they like it. Nah, they used to try to ridicule me in my twenties, but now I don't give a fuck. You had to fucking be, learn to be comfortable with yourself. God damnit Your twenties though. What? That's not the time to do it. That wasn't my time. Yo. I don, he pumped up was all height, you know what I mean? Yeah. He was moving you twenties. That's why you was acting like that. You didn't wanna go to the studio. Record. Standing by the white walking crazy. You love nigga needy telling you to record you. Like, I don't wanna do it.


I, I was trying to hold on in from my twenties. There you Go. Sorry. I'm a lover. I wear, I wear my heart on my Sleeve. You know? You know what? I would've loved to have seen Yo while my girl, you and your twenties lick, like with a hit or something. Yo. My girl hit me and said, yo, what's the ass closer? I said, what you do? I said, somebody, you looking at one, somebody to get ass. She was like, oh, got it. Nah, everybody get ass. Nah, It's different. It's levels. It is levels here. A Closer is the one you bring in when you want the game to be over. You want to keep the lead. Let's just end this Maria Rivera. Yeah. You know where the closer is When the trumpet Start playing? Yeah.


Good old t Such a Bitch. Listen Joe, what time is the graduation on Friday? Oh, I don't, I don't know. You didn't find out? Should find out. Yeah. Word. No doubt. Yeah. Yo, would you support your family? Yeah. Your, your presence is needed One moment until go, go to work. No, but your presence is needed. Your presence might be needed. Family's different. We could still come in. We can still come. We come in and work. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. We can still come and work. We can Hold it down. Lemme check the weather for It's rainy. Hold up. And B, You right. It is perfect. You Going what y'all, what y'all up to, man? Nothing.


I'm just letting you do the family. Y'all been Talking again about my back? No, Y'all Been talking about my back again. Many time. Yo. Where again come from? Because I normally could tell when niggas get to talk about my back. But now it's too much comradery. Niggas is fucking smiling Nigga. Niggas was agreeing over. Fuck y'all niggas. What's up? But Y'all want us smile like each other. No, no, no. I'm joking. I'm talking shit. Of course. Listen. Where where would y'all like to start? I was very eager to get to work today. I was I'm Real happy to see y'all. Yeah, me too, me too. Real, real Happy to see y'all. Same, same, same. Anywhere y'all want to go? I'm down to go pause. Who went to Summer Jam? Did anybody go? I gave, I gave friends tickets to Summer Jam. You wait eight of them too? Nah, nah, nah. This is, this is, oh, you ain't in Philly.


I gave three. Oh Yeah. You ain't in Philly. You couldn't. Nah, I looked at, I'm like too, I'm too old to beat. I ain't wanna be the old man at, at Summer Jam. You think you're Too old to be a summer Jam for When I looked at the lineup, I felt like none of the artists was like, for me, this Lineup was all right. It was, it was a mix. Okay. Like they, they had the Irv tribute with Ja and all, You know what I'm, that's the only thing I wanted to go for. It was, it was mixed. It wasn't as bad as some of the other ones where it was just completely a young crowd. Young lineup. Did you go? No, I didn't go. Did they Share this here or they, they, They clearly didn't want me to go. If they put it on a Friday. It was on Friday too. Yeah. Yeah. Friday saw. That's why Didn didn't see nothing about, I guess Summer Jam was why we was at work. Oh shit. They just started at eight. Oh wow. No. Well that's the main Show. So we was just getting started at the beginning. Beginning of the Patreon.


Yeah. Fuck you Mark. 8 45. We had the first eight block. Right. That but, but that, that decision was interesting to me To make it on a Friday. To make, Yeah. I assume that the venue, well Corey know better than me. I I thought the venue gave you the same price on a Friday as a Saturday Wouldn't. So Summer Jam is normally a Sunday. It ain't even Saturday. Yeah. And that, so what would incentivize you to put it on a Friday? They might have had something else booked already, but that's weird. What is It? Is it the same place? No, First time. First Time The was Prudential in Jersey. Oh, okay. Okay. They Brought it back to new the, Because it's, it Summer Jam was normally in Jersey Forever. MetLife, then they took it over to UBS for Island I think two years.


Two Years. Yeah. And now, you know, again, 'cause they're back to doing arenas no longer stadiums. And Shocker it was Prudential. I'm not sure how that came about. I don't even get it from a business perspective. I'm sure their, their money is longer than mine and they know. But you, you discount a whole bunch of people that might have potentially went by having it on Friday because they jobs. Yeah. Yeah. Friday Ignite. We just start in the summer. Like I'm with vacation time. But that's for the shore or a country or You know what I mean? Some vacationing with somebody family, when you put it on a Friday, it seems like they would've just basically disregarded a whole, a lot of people. And not just that. 'cause you know, some of Jam do the festival, the, the, the the fan festival stage as well where they have the lesser known acts, like local acts.


That shit started at 2:00 PM Oh wow. Oh yeah. 'cause you can't do that because it's not, it's it's, it's in the arena. It's not a stadium. Well even in the stadium it al it was always a Sunday but it started earlier before the main show. So now you got main show they had, they had a stage and everything set up across the street in the parking lot. And that started at two o'clock in the afternoon on a Friday. Y'all they must have had something's off really high expectations for New Jersey residents with jobs to leave work. Yeah. Change clothes and shower and go to North and go right over there now. Right. I'm not mad at you having those expectations about a New Jersey crowd because where was that other, where was the other one that they did it at?


Long Island. UUBS. Long Island. What Part of Long Island was that though? I forget. I don You don't even know. Really? Yeah, I don't know. It's out there. Well the people that went there Come on. Can't find a nice wave. I fell. I fell. I don't have a nice wave. It is Elmont. The crowd looks very different in Elmont than in fucking What part? Where is that? In Jersey North? Yeah. Stop playing. Stop playing. They showed up over there. They show up over there. That crowd over there nigga. When I walk through over there and over in Long Island.


Well the other thing is credentials are half a block away from Penn Station. So now it's easy accessibility. Everybody ain't gonna drive necessarily. You can catch the train and walk right there. And they probably sell more hot dogs in Long Island than they do in Newark. It's just that smell. You think it Hotdog territory. It just smell, smell hotdog. Niggas just starts selling, Selling steak in Newark. Niggas Start smelling like boil hunting. This is when the CRE start splitting up. Yeah. Stink niggas. Yeah. I think talking about, That's what I'm saying. Some of them niggas anyway. The Dirty feet shout long hour. Yeah. Yeah. Them niggas Dirty Feet. That's bad.


Anyway. And well still in Summer Jam. So I did talk to one someone who worked the event and he was like, yo, this shit was over at 2:30 AM It was Wow. It Was, oh so it was successful. That don't mean this was successful. I mean relatively. That's too damn long though. That's too long. Fa 2 38. Oh they must have knew something but we downtown. Nah, downtown ain't that. It ain't, I ain't nobody Didn't. Nah no. Ain't well. Yeah, it's sweet. Inside. Inside. Some things happen but you know, I didn't really hear any stories from Summer Jam. Didn didn't even know it was happening.


Same Summer Jam. Y'all gonna pay me next year to start, start the eight block with y'all because there ain't no real, ain't there ain't nothing really. Just glad it's back in Jersey. Me too. And shout everybody win. Shout out to the artist that performed. I saw some clips. Maybe next year I'll head down here if it's on the weekend. Yeah, they gotta bring it back to The weekend. You Can't do That on a Sunday. That's the vibe. Why don't I don? Yeah, nevermind. Nevermind. Yeah. I don't know what else, what else is important? Unimportant. Do y'all wanna keep it music? Yeah, keep it music. Cardi Eclipse. Cardi Eclipse. Cardio Eclipse. Cardio Eclipse. I'm Start with Card with Cardi. Yeah. Cardi announces her album dropping nine 19 and it's called Am I The Problem, what's the name of this Shit?


AM I THE DRAMA? AM I THE DRAMA? Mm nine 19. That Promo clip is fire. This is all a seven eight year hiatus. Well album hiatus. Right. The promo was was Fire that she put out, Got the promo to the promo and then the promo Page out the mm MG book. Yeah. Back in some old school shit. I like that They said, they said that that record is, you know they got all the funny metrics now. So It is number one on the Apple charts. I don How you grossing? Oh yeah, they got a lot going on now. The album Has already sold however many units 'cause the singles are on that. Album's got up and Wop on there right Now.


I saw a lot of hoopla about this, about the up and WP part. Gotta do it Up Wop and enough are the three records that I thought were better than the new record. They say the new record's performing great. If I have two old records that perform great, that's gonna help me get these numbers looking like what they supposed to look like before I'm even released. You know what they're trying to do? They trying to, they're trying to present a certain way. So I'm not mad at that. I ain't mad at it either. You know that Cardi had some intrepidation for how people would respond to her album. We know that from when her and her husband was going back and forth like we have some information. So this is a big deal that this album is coming out.


I know the Cardi fans are very happy about that. I'm also not mad at it artistically if I had bangers and even if they came out a couple years ago and they're not in no album, I want 'em on my album. Somewhere's not. I'm mad. So especially if it's 23 tracks. Especially if you Yeah, you took it out my mouth. Oh yeah. 23 Tracks. Yeah. Put it's 12. If so All those stats for those singles are like they get connected to the album. Yeah. And it's wow. Second week, right? Oh, I don't know how Number before, but something happened before. 'cause artists were doing that. Taking the old record, throwing it on the album. Yeah. And it did not count towards the first week number. I believe we could, That might be true. That might be true. They tried to J it count Somewhere in there. But It is gonna count regardless. Count, count something.


Are we excited That that caught these albums finally dropping? Absolutely. I'm looking forward to it. Absolutely. Yes and no. What's the no? Because yes is obvious but what's the no, The no is, I feel like her and Atlantic are at odds because of this announcement. Really? Why? Because I know if it were up to Cardi, like it's been left up to Cardi and not, let me not say no 'cause she'll hear it and spas out. I think that if left up to Cardi, like it's been left up to Cardi, this album wouldn't be coming out in two months. Just like she put out a video the other day saying that she didn't want that song to come out and that video said, Hey, I gotta publicly apologize to my label.


I was being bratty. I was being a whatever. She was being behind the scenes. 'cause I didn't want the song to come out. We put it out anyway. I agreed. Even the, even that verbiage you, you agree. You not, you're not reading the playwright If you think you agreed, I'm the one to talk about this. They had a album, they had a listening party for my second album that was never coming out. When the label get, they plan to put your music out, you ain't even got that music is coming out. Yeah. So with or without you, she talking about, I agree. No girl, this is this new niggas over there. It ain't Kaiser. No, It is a whole new, it's some young white boy hedge fund niggas who, my dad owns all of this. So whoever the fuck is over there now.


Yeah, that is who's over there. Actually it's Elliot, I mean Yeah. Ranger son. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I don't like that. It's coming out in September. I want this in the summertime. Well that's if you are that label, you getting this out as soon, that's probably the soonest that they could put it out. It might Be. Yeah, it might be. They, they want this to go out immediately, which is why I think they're at odds. Which doesn't, that doesn't, that doesn't gimme confidence in what they'll spend on the project. Okay. Because even this feels fast. Like that record came out a few days ago. Y'all did some shit to say I'm number one on Apple charts. This is when I started beefing with the label again. Actually, not to keep putting me in it, but I can only pull from my experience.


They pull pressed the button. So whatever record that was out on me that I hated was high at the time. Okay. So then they announced an album release. So Apple charts. I wouldn't wanna release a album. I told y'all last week, didn didn't think this was a single. And I'm sure she has a crazy second single. But yeah, I don't think that this record is doing what I think this is a plan. This is a plan. No matter what that record does, no matter what a video does, no matter what she says, no matter what our second single this record, this album is going out. We not sitting on this no more. I got, I got two questions for y'all. Okay. Question one is do we think this date stays this date? Yes. Yes.


So no pushback, no moving, no nothing. No. Okay. Unless a sample can't get cleared or The sample's getting cleared. The samples have been cleared. The sample, the Sample not getting cleared. Be a be a excuse. These are Old. These are old. You've been working on these songs for five, six, and seven years. So the sample should be cleared, the music should be done. And this is big label shit. They, she's not necessarily just getting beats from the streets and hoping for the best. Like this is a and r project. Like this is, I don't think that day is changing because I think the the label, they're ready to go. It's time now. We're not playing More. All right. And and my second question is, how many songs do we get from now till then? I hope a bunch. 'cause card music is summer music to me.


I'd love three more. I'd love two or three. Yeah. Two. Two. At least 23 tracks. You would think there's songs despair. Yeah. I would say two or three End. It is the end of June nine 19. You, you need to, you need to work a single because you got 60 days based. So you don't have time to drop work. Drop work, drop Work. I know more than two. Well they work, theyre to work this single, they're gonna work this record right here. Yeah. The date being in September. It says, tells me we got something to work. Y'all are gonna, y'all are going to, y'all are planning to work this record till at least mid-August. We might hear the beginning of August. We might hear what this second song sounds like.


I think they probably have something a little bigger than outside. I could be wrong. I think that they have something a little bit bigger to follow. They'll work this a little bit and then they'll have like a banger banger. I about that. See, I think, I think the exact opposite. Do you feel like the record is not, It is currently not working. 'cause you know, I, I see the opposite. I see. See it's doing pretty well. It is gonna, It is gonna work if they want it to work. What's doing pretty well mean? I See that the, the internet is being, is engaging. I see the videos, TikTok videos outside the shit that It is supposed to be done. Okay. That's what that's to me. I don't know what it's doing as far as the metrics or whatever. I don't know what you guys expect. No, that's what I I'll that, yeah. I'm talking about just Yeah, the public perception. The Public. The song came on when I went to freeze party. The song came on.


It was on. So I mean how the Rec Yeah. Bad place to get an indicator. Yeah. But it came on so I didn't hear out at all. This, this record is serviced to the people. To everybody. They're paying for this one. Yeah, they're paying for this one. So we'll see. All right. That's what tells me. I don't think we, we might get one more if they already starting to pay for this, that mean they're gonna, and we right into the beginning of summer. Yeah. I think they're gonna try to push this record as much as they can through the summer. And we might catch one more. That's what he said. So I'm just saying y'all saying two, three more records. I don't See That. I, I see nothing about this single says that they are invested super heavily in it.


Like there's no pre rollout, there's no little video snippet. The cover is cool but it's not like super fire. I think like this doesn't feel like this is the one that they think is gonna be a million dollar record. Me the Thing that, the thing, the thing that I see them positioning this as is like, and it's obvious but they're really, I think that they're really gonna push it as like a women empowerment anthem. 'cause that's where, that's what my algorithm is saying. I agree with it. But That's what your algorithm normally says anyway. No, but I agree with it. Yes. Yes. Actually a motherfucking does. Actually actually it does. Gracie Gracie. But yeah, no, I, but yeah, that's what I, I I see it being pushed at in my algorithm. So I agree with you. Freeze.


I at at best one more single, not two to three before the album. My, my speculation really ain't even about the album. That's how murky it look out there for me. Like I'm just trying to see what happens when the album come out. Then what? You got the new coach n GM coming in to deal with a star quarterback that they didn't put there. That's what's happening. Yeah. So I agree with parks. It don't look like a whole bunch of money is about to be spent. And that's a decision being made. So is is that based what evidence album does is what I'm saying? The new people are gonna come in and, and audit and say, alright, this took you seven years. It cost this much.


You we spent this on these records. This is the return. Clean this shit to fuck up. That's, that's, that could be a possibility. Let me ask you, do you think that single drops if Off Offset doesn't drop that song off Offset? Yeah. Yeah. That was coming Up. You think it dropped it regardless? Yeah. Okay. He might have tried to step on my shit. Gotcha. Now I'm just fucking throwing shit at a wall. You right. Her shit was coming out because these people at the label Wanted to come out. Yeah. Yeah. They're they enough's enough. Yeah. We shall see. We Shall, I'm looking forward to it. I promise. I swear I'm, I'm not, I love her last album. I can't wait. I don't love the album title either. The album title tells me that this is some label shit. I don't love the album title.


Even, even if I'm wrong About It is such a hard critic. What is you such a hard drama? Am I a, AM I THE DRAMA that just sound like something that the the label Do? It feels like Love and Hip hop. Yeah, that's What I'm saying. So did the single to me. I Yes. They, they both feel like scripted tv. That sounds like the label scientist saying these are the hot topics online Best, let's capitalize Best about it. Let's put it out and let's just go. That's it. And And it may work. Yeah, it may Because she's big. Yeah, she's big. I'm not getting rid of Cardi B depending on what the contract look like. I ain't getting rid of Cardi BI ain't You stand right here. Yeah, I'm trying to hold on to that. Sorry For sure. She's still her Fact for sure.


But we shall see. We'll see. We Shall, yeah we shall See. We'll see in October and maybe before that. 'cause if something go wrong she gonna crack the pace is open. Yeah. If something go go not to her like him, she'll let us know and shout to her. I know, I know. This is a great feeling. You've been waiting all of these years. So to add some music out, to be getting some feedback momentum out there, especially during a divorce performing every other day. She's telling us she getting fucked down to the ground every other day. She telling us. So I mean this is that, that moment for women Salute. Yeah. Hell gotta do that. Look at me like I'm crazy. You know what I'm saying? Something true. I know you're saying something true but I just feel like you are, this Is when the breakup happened and the girl is getting the better hand of it for a little bit.


And you just gotta watch on Instagram. That's what happens sometimes. The girl got it lined in a row. Aman Schaper better not peek at Tiana Instagram that this little motherfucker keeper winning. Yeah. Another movie. Do, do you feel like you're a tough critic? Me? Yeah. Yes. Why were you able to adjust to people being tough with your projects? Like did you respect tough critics for you to be one? If you understand what I'm saying? Like if somebody Oh yeah, for sure. If somebody scrutinized your project or looked at every little detail and said, well Joe was missing this, Joe did this, this may not work. Did you, were you receptive to that? Yes. That's a blessing I had to be, Nigga. No, I'm just saying some people Not my name, my name was spelled wrong in the back of one of my albums.


Some people, some people are not threes, some people are not receptive to that. Paul. You know what I'm saying? People, they get offended. That's a, that's a blessing in my eyes. 'cause if you care enough to deep dive on this album and find things that you don't like about it, that means that you're invested But what have you not. Yeah. It Means I care enough. Yeah, You can, you can tell when somebody is criticizing just for the sake of criticizing. 'cause they don't fucking like you. You can tell. And then you can tell when, and then you can tell when somebody's criticism is based on their appreciation and fandom of there and they're just calling you to the car. But like that was, that was a black attempt. But, But what if everything I do is being criticized now, then, then the line becomes blurry of do you like me or do you think that No. Then your plan is working. Yeah. If you big enough to wear everything, then your plan criticized.


I mean they watching everything. That means you've, you've broken through and made enough, Got enough decision. The things that you, the things that you ask for on your vision board come with criticism even if you don't write it there At all. And if you're, and if you're that big, you have a fan base that in their eyes you can do no wrong. So you're always gonna have the built in praise. Got it. You know what I'm saying? So you have to have the people that are willing to, you know, constructively criticize your work, how to get better. Okay. You know what I mean? Okay. I, I already see people gonna be mad at Joe because look, I know Joe come from a place of law, But people gonna be mad at me. What did I say wrong? Wrong. You didn't say anything wrong. I I You don't say you don't, you didn't say anything wrong. Let me be clear.


I just know that when you speak, your voice is powerful and it invoke or provokes emotion. Meaning before Cardi album was coming out, you were saying, yo, I'm waiting for an album. I'm waiting for an album to come out. Yo, come on. Like since last year, like I don't even think it's coming out now that we have a date. The album's coming out. You're saying that I don't know how I feel that it's coming out and you explained it. But I can See that if somebody don't really listen to you and they, they they'll take that personal, you know what clip I saw saying, I don't if you understand what I'm saying. I'm not trying to, I do understand. I'm not trying to be in troublemaker at all, Joe. As if I understand. I I understand underst the duality of it. Yeah. As a fan. As a fan, I'm excited for the music to come out.


Got it. I'm excited that you've been, you've spent this long working on it. Everybody said It is crazy. I'm excited to hear it when I see it here. It ain't time the fan out for me. It ain't, it's not. It's not work time. Got it. I mean it's not leisure time. I'm here to think about what I'm seeing, analyze it to the best of my ability with my experience and look at the large picture of the bigger game being played. It is never about the music. It's never about the music. So I wanna see what that label does with this high value queen artist. Artist. Got it. Okay. I do. Got you. And other rappers should be watching these type of things. You better watch what's going on with the premier acts at labels.


Yeah. Shit. See that was my other thing. Premier acts dropped fourth quarter, right? Or the summertime or summer. There's been plenty of, September is fourth quarter. It's the very beginning of fourth quarter. No, that's, No, That's third quarter October. Well, well it's the end of September. It's September 19th. So it's, it's on the precipice of being fourth quarter. Let's go now. Tell him fourth. Fourth quarter ish. But no it's still third quarter. Like when we think of, when I think of fourth quarter releases, I think of like JZ December back in the day. It is November, December. Yeah. The big dogs come out at the end of the year. Yeah, Let's sometimes Drake will do like a summer. Really? It is either summer or fourth quarter I think y'all right. Well on one hand, sometimes the label needs a big act in the third quarter to coast us to our fourth where we got a lot lined up.


True. And on the flip side, they might not be sure of her, her ability selling potential seven years later. These are new niggas. It's not her. That's true's true. That's true. That's true. Okay. 'cause everything I'm these people are not music people. Got it. Alright. They're numbers people. These are numbers people. Right. So yeah, they might have a dry third quarter coming up and we're like this's what we need right here to, They also could be looking at it like being that she hasn't put something out regardless. Even, even you're right about, they don't know what it'll do. They might be skeptical because of is she feeling skeptical? Like you're gonna look at your artist and be like, damn, if they're taking this long, do they even believe in what the shit about to do? Because if they're not all the way invested, that's a bad place.


If the artist isn't fully behind something, yo, I got something to say yo I want to ah, ah. You would be skeptical to Put that out. Yeah, my door down. Put your album out. I hate you're not even in the rush. Right? Yeah. I hate to bring this, I hate to throw this out there because it could be interpreted away. One and two. I have a dick. But it matters in this conversation. What if she's pregnant Now? Yeah. How old is the, is the, is the baby? No, I'm not getting that far into it. I'm just proposing what if this woman who seems to be madly in love with her new person just happens to be or get before that album comes out?


I, I ain't think of that one. It's something that you would have to factor in I guess. Yeah, it's happened before. I Feel like we've recently had this talk with somebody that got pregnant and we was like, oh should they have or should they? It was a work thing. My memory is bad. Bad. I remember, I remember to, we had that talk. It'll come back to me later. It was somebody I remember if y lit the label. And this will be my last question on this because Okay again, I it I got you. If Young lit the label, how do y'all respond to her maybe being pregnant while this record is out and while you have a album released? I Don Dunno because Cardi, when I'm not sure which pregnancy it was, she did not let that stop her at all.


She was performing full on belly. Like well Invasion of Privacy came out. Yeah. She was pregnant or Cardi Has about to be or something. Cardi Has redefined what it looked for in our pregnant. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. She was on stage. Cardi has redefined what it looks like for a female artist and you know, and also creating family. She redefined that where it's always been seen as that stops your career. It didn't stop her. No it didn't. Not for a single fucking second. So she didn't miss a beat. Exactly. So I don't think that that actually, if it's, if it in fact true it doesn't, it doesn't, on one side of the coin, it doesn't play a role On one side of the coin. Y'all may be absolutely right. I don't know of her label at the time felt like pregnant Cardi is punctual on time and working through this pregnancy.


Actually I think there might have been a long period where they were at odds over it. Now did she eventually get to work? Yes, but I don now. She was working while pregnant. She was, I'm saying That's what We saw. If you are the label, you may have a different different P don't to B is all I And again, we keep saying new people so they don't have no experience with that. I don't wanna get, I don't want to get into it 'cause it's not my business and it's Personal. Yeah. But we have proof of concept. Like, or we have the proof already. Like we, we all saw it with our own eyes consistently. We Saw her work, but we don't know what the label's expectation of what that work was. So, and they might have think Yeah, she did a couple things and we saw the imagery of her being pregnant and twerking and all that shit. Cool. But we had a tour lined up for her and all these press outlets. Yeah, that's What I'm saying.


That's True's true. She only did three of them and yeah, it looked cool for the three and she made the most out of it. But that's not what we were looking for at the time. I would potentially, Potentially that's true. If I'm Cardi, I'm not risking, I'm not, I'm not doing, I'm not risking that. No, IM not risking pre I'm not risking pregnancy. And this is the, this is the sophomore album that everybody has been waiting for. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm not, I'm not risking that know why You a little bit funny to me. Me Why Only a little bit. Go Ahead. Because I've seen you on Instagram liking that grits and eggs nigga. I do like Deontay Kyle.


A lot of people like him. Yeah. But this, what was that particular conversation was about men locking women down off on the pregnancy tip. Okay. Was was I the only person that liked that? No, I think there was a few. His point was his point thousand and I don'ts. No, but listen to me Mel 'cause I'm, I'm, I'm not attacking your position. I want you to hear me. His point was the young tennis star lady, Naomi. Naomi Osaka, Osaka who got pregnant by Cord Southern. Yeah. Cord Day Cord. His point was a young, a young tennis started as a potential to being the best in the world. Right now, Corde as a man should not have gotten her pregnant at that time.


I agree. My question for you, and this is not a gimme a gotcha. It is, do you, do you feel that, do you feel differently about Cardi in the event that that was true for her? Yes. Like now I hear you saying, yo, if Cardi is pregnant, she's gonna work through it. She's gonna show up, she's gonna be strong. She's gonna be, Yeah. No, I'm saying that because it seemed to me that that was Card's decision. Okay. It was her decision to be, you know, to to work through her pregnancy and be visible working through her pregnancy. It seemed, I didn't question whether or not anybody had anything to do with that decision. I thought that was card's decision. And with grits and eggs.


See that's where it gets spooky. If you see a pregnant person being able to say, Hey, that was her decision. That was his decision. That was their decision. Right. Well, at the end of the day, wouldn't you want it to be her decision to work while pregnant or not work while pregnant? Considering that she Yeah, I want couples that she's carrying the child and want so she knows her body. I Want couples to have have their own Plan. I I I don it. It's not, I just thought it was unfair for him to put that on. It's, it's not on ette. No, I agree. Wait, wait, Wait, wait. Just let me say, just lemme say this, the context of Naomi and Corde, I didn't hear that. That was what it was. I just was responding and liking the fact that some, there are men that try to lock women down with pregnancy.


That is a fact. Yes. That was what I was agreeing to. Oh, okay. I wasn't agreeing to like, didn didn't know the context that that was the example that he gave. That's number one. And number two, this, this goes back to women and, and you know, just like the attack on our reproductive rights, we are the ones that like, we're, we're carrying the child. We know our bodies. We know when we can sustain. We know when we can work and be okay. And we know when there were, we're like, nah, this is a high risk pregnancy. I need to be laying the fuck down. Not up on a stage fucking twerking. So I think that's why I say that it was card's decision to work or not work Because she knew that she had the strength to do so. Clear the airway. None, none of us here are saying that that is the position that Cardi is in right now.


Yeah. It's strictly for conversation sake. That that is it. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. Flip you were gonna Say something. No, I agree. No, I agree with, I agree that if you're in a relationship with someone and they're in a great position, I feel like you should be more mindful when it comes to trying to impregnate them. Me, I feel like the responsibility should be on both parties. I feel like sometimes you have to make the decision like, yo, I want you to go do that. I want you when we, when you get through this. 'cause some people do that. When you get through this, then we'll work on that. I feel like it's self, that's just how I feel. It's not really question selfish about just because maybe I'm missing an element here is with, with the Naomi Osaka piece of it, does she not?


It's almost like we're saying he did something to her. No, no, no. See, I I know you're not saying that. I'm saying No, I'm just saying. But that, but that still muddies the water by even putting that out there. No, I'm just saying that No, not you brother. I'm saying that's what my Chris Eggs was Saying. That's, that's And that's how I, but that's What the, that's what the dude said's. Oh, no, no. I don't agree with that. I'm just saying that if a man is in relationship with a woman who's a star, I feel like sometimes he can take, he, he should be able, it's gonna sound crazy to think, not for her, but think for the situation. But what if she wants to be pregnant? What if she wanted to be pregnant? What if that was their mutual decision to start a family at their age? It's a lot of things people want to do and sometimes you have to step up and say, no, this may not be the right time. I'm missing the context too. It's a lot of things. Did, did he or she say something recently? We can get to it later. I just threw it out as an aside.


Have to focus on card shit. One in closing, Joe in Parks, if the album doesn't do good, is Cardi B too big for this to affect her? The Album's already done good. Got, 'cause you said that because the Single's already count, the album is already gonna be platinum probably when it comes out, like, oh, WAP is on there. Mm. I think there's a world where the, I I I'm with Parks. Where is that? How that goes? Yeah. I think there's a world where the album is platinum already and the label still has thinking to do. Oh, for sure. Really? Yeah, because if It is only platinum because of wa. Yeah, exactly. You know What I, what I'm saying? That's what I, numbers have already been reconciled. But even if they have thinking, even if, if, if they have thinking to do, does she go off right off on the sunset?


I think card's good. Regardless. Regardless. Okay. Yeah. Car. Oh yeah. I'm not saying that. Yeah, her, she's great and she will continue to be great. She's bigger than Nino Brown right now. Yeah. Got, I feel like she's gonna, I feel like with it coming out in September, she's gonna have a Vogue cover or something. Oh, for sure. No. The reason why, the reason Socrates No, but the reason why he gotta play the lotto. No. The reason why I say that is because September is Vogue's biggest issue. Yeah. It's special. Oh yeah. It is their biggest issue. So it would be interesting to see if that is in fact, You right, I'm still playing a lot off your numbers. I mean, you know, I've called Super Bowl scores in the past.


Big mouth. Stop playing with Mel. The fuck is wrong with y'all out here? Oh man. All right. They all right. They took my Clipse Kendrick verse away. Did they? That shit was fire. Yo. Oh, oh boo. Come on. Freeze. Find it so we can dive. I dissect playing off a snippet. That's it. I'm gonna play it that. Oh, it was so fire. You heard it, mark? Yeah. Yeah. The internet was, it's funny 'cause I, I, I heard it and liked it. Then I saw a lot of people saying this is the worst shit ever. You know, the, the, the Drake side of, of, of the equation. A lot of their fans were like, this was trash this cruise, you know? Really? Yeah. Which was absurd to me. I think regardless of where you stand on this divided issue, Kendrick fire.


So it was up and then they took it down? Yeah. Somebody leaked Absolutely leak. Oh, somebody leaked it. Okay. Got it. I was surprised it was up as long As it was, it was up and now it's not because it shouldn't have been up. Right. Why didn't you screen record or something? I don't do that unless I'm on the phone with dog. You can't find it other than that. Yeah. I don't have it no more. The label, the label took it out. Damn. But a few things. Oh, you found it big free. Craziest. Take it further free. Our tech consultant, they thought they was gonna stop us and Mails phone background needs to change. So when you finish that, she change this background on his phone, she needs to set an alarm. Oh yeah. And she gotta set alarm. Look at the things she need help with.


Flashlight. That shit was funny. All right. Here, here we go. Oh, I had the good quality one. I mean, it's only, I'm not the canon dig the vibe with, I don't fuck with the Kumbaya shit. All that talent must be God sent. I sent your ass back to the cos mix. The things I seen under my eyelids, kaleidoscope dreams, murder and sirens. Let's be clear. Hip hop died again. Half of my, Oh. And of course I'm getting And you gotta slot it. No, my daughter's calling me that. Right as I play a record.


I can't answer that. I mean, we heard like I think we can we can talk. Yeah, we can throw I Love it off Of that track too. I, I hate hearing it like this. I hate it that this leaked. Yeah, absolutely. Hate it. At the same time though, first of all, I do wanna shout out the clips and whoever's running their rollout. 'cause they're killing it to me. Every, Every aspect. Not Merch did the, the New York Times podcast, they did everything with John car, car mink, Monica, I forgot how you say his name. It was, it was great though. It was great. They really get, they get into the, the verse and the song about how the label has like a lyric auditor there usually to catch sample clearance things, interpretations. If you use a a, some lyrics from someone else's, they have to clear that.


But they kinda started overstepping it and taking it into censorship and doing things on behalf of the bigger label. We don't want to have a mess with Drake or whatever it may be. That that was a very interest, interesting conversation. Malice. Especially because he was talking about how hip hop is the one place for black people to be most expressive in the world. And now you have this labeled sensor room. It's, it's a really good conversation. I recommend checking it out. Yo, y'all knew this. I didn't, you know, it's not my bag, but yo, I really like hearing, pushing him talk. Yeah. Like it's certain people that'll lure you in with their conversation. Like, I like hearing Dame. Yeah. I like hearing 50. I like hearing certain people speak. A lot of rappers is like wet mops.


Yeah. When they start talking they'll pull you into the conversation. Like I don't understand that too. No, a lot of people don't interview. Well, No, that's true. That is true. A lot of we knows don't interview. Well, I got you. Yeah, we know. We know when something, when when certain people start to speak it's like oh shit. And they'll just lure you in. So I really have been enjoying a little run they on. Yeah, for sure. And and everything about the run that they're on tells me how intentional everything has been. Like they weren't just in the studio rapping over beats, You know what I mean? Like it was od thought out from, from top to Bottom. And I love to hear black men that They wasn't just in the studio neither. Like they was in fucking France, Harris Baton. Oh Wei, we nigga headquarter. That's a fact.


And when Pharrell introduced, 'cause I watched the whole clip of him introducing the record that Kendrick is on and Pharrell talking. I love watching it because as a rapper, if you got Pharrell to talk, it's like yeah nigga say something. It's like we used to be telling him, nigga talk for us and Pharrell says, we made this whole project, we downstairs the Louis headquarters staring at whatever. What is that? What some type of river staring at the such Scene. The scene, Huh? Scene or same, same Saying nothing. Whatever It is he was saying staring at this river and the river is so rich that it just make, I'm like, yo, this nigga got too much money. He just see up there, the clips is made.


No, But this is The g griest grungiest. And When you, but That's the fly shit. That's the, that's the flash shit about this rollout. Even doing the New York Times, even though I'd obviously rather have them come talk to us and tell us these stories. It it places it in a different place. Yes. This is not just some, some hip hop shit like no, we're gonna go sit with fucking art critics and we're going to tell an entire story about this shit. And when you sit down and hear these two Black boys, it makes it not Cause It is cause did their merch. Right. Yeah. And it ain't just a couple Ts right? No, But what It is art. Hey their, their vinyl packaging. Carlos did that. Like It is art. Nah It is art. They done drop out four different capsule collections with They killing nigga.


This is different. And you hear these two black men that sit around and talk about cocaine sit in in front of these white people and articulate and convey their thoughts and their grammar is on point and all their addiction and all of that shit is on point. That shit is fire. Like you be proud as fuck listening to them speak. Dude. They, they said they ain't even talking about cocaine. They, that's how they are. Shit. No, I'm talking about that's their crazy On the crazy shit about the Clipse. Like when I was talking about this with my man who was a mc upstate when I was home last, like yeah it's Coke rap, but it's not like there's mad, they just use that as a vehicle to talk about all the deeper shit that they're talking about in all these raps. And I forgot what the, they the opening song, they, they were saying this interview is about their parents who both passed rest in peace.


It's called something like Birds Don't Fly or something like that. So it's like even with that you're doing a super deep song while playing into something that oh It is gonna be a song about Coke. Some birds. Some birds. Some birds don't fly sometimes. Yeah. I forgot what the title, I might be butchering that but Birds On Fly, that's one with John Legend. Yeah. They talk a lot of that fly shit and you'll just miss it if all you hear is the Coke wraps drug talk like same with Sahi. Yeah. Like these are people that they talk fly shit Is different. Especially like that Penn is different. Yeah. Sp yeah. Yeah. I guess it's the vehicle for them to tell some real deep shit. Like, Like when Push said what he said, I never bought a bitch Michael Kors. What was the line?


What was the line? Can Bitch and say bought Dog. That line fucked the whole summer up. That, that that summer was broke. You was broke then. No, no, no. Not for me. Not for me. Listen, I was there from the Michael Kors watch Inception when it got hot. I'm talking about oh five ish when bitches felt like they needed to have this. So I saw it go out and I saw bitches still holding on and that's when niggas was buying. Hey Corey. Niggas were buying the Michael Coors watch y'all go. They older than me. I know, I know That's they they do they shit. But h don't though. You saying Michael Cord was done before then was never he trying to say.


Yeah. Yeah. That's that's that's not true. That's not true. That's not true. That's not true. That's not true. That's not true. Good. That's not true. That's not true. Some good old teeth. That's not true. That's not true. That's not True. You're such an Elitist. I'm not saying me saying it was nah, cord was doing y'all shit. Where y'all looking Cause broke. They do that shit. Right. Threw the shit what where the shit we Stop. Listen to this. I'm about to say it depend on who you ask. Is that fair? You said like if you ask a broke nigga. Yes. It depends on who you Ask. That's what He trying say. They talking the money talk. They talking Money Talk. Remember lifestyle? I'm talking hip hop. Yeah. Yeah. But they were selling drugs. That's what I'm Saying. Nigga's, they're saying you did 30. This nigga just, you know he ran away in your drug dealing travel. Nobody look up.


Nobody looked up to him at the time. In your drug dealing Travis, y'all didn't see bitches. The Michael Kors watches on. Yes. So you know that. Who travels? See, see who travels. What was the watch? I said what was the watch nigga? The minimum? Michelle was the minimum. Yeah. You talking to you now It was the minimum talking to I'm lying. Minimum. Minimum. Don't ask nigga don't ask me. Wait, no wait, wait. I'm sorry. What? No, I was talking Michelle. Michelle was your it was the minimum. Come on Joe. Stop. What? I didn't say nothing. Y'all nigga sat up here and Coach. What's different Max? I'm not, shit. No y'all. Oh I'm not. You know y'all, I remember what y'all talking about.


But that's different nigga. They Played at a different level. That's what they, that's what they keep trying to tell us. Right? They trying to remind us. But That's okay with me. That's It. I wasn't That's okay with me And Michael K. Yeah man. Okay. It no, he has two different lines. He has like his contemporary line. That is what you're Talking about all. And he had the high End line and then he has the high end line that Yeah, but I know that that's not what they're talking about. Look at these. Look at these. Wait, look at these. Wait, wait. Hold up bro. I'm not saying a word. I was cool with them shitting on me about a Michael Coy. Are you just jumping and shit on me too? I wasn't, I was just making no, I was just making it clear that there was, yeah I was just trying to big up a push. Yeah, I tell you that's it.


And I was making a joke. I don want beef. I was just making a joke. I don't want no whole beef but hey you might be right. I never thought him about it like that. I was broke After a while after, while I was Feeling Good about myself. Right after A while the Michael KZ watch was an indicator of who not to fuck. But that's what they saying. It was always the indicator for these niggas. I don know. If it wasn't, I don Watch. I swatch grandfather clock Stop.


Watch pocket watch. Yo, he crazy. Oh man, I don't even know how we got here. I have no idea. Trying to shit Push Did that shit with Apple watches. I was mad. I'm like, come on dog. Everybody got a Apple watch. Damn man. He's like, yo, my chicks don't fuck with niggas that wear Apple watches. Like You can't do nothing no more. Man. You can't. That's I hate you rich nigga, yo. Yeah man. That is old hip hop. I hate you rich niggas when niggas bragged about attainable shit. You know what I'm saying? What's it's attainable for them now? No, no, no. I'm talking about for the rest of us listening. Like, like when the locks was like, you know who dropped millennials, we could drink, we could save up and get a a millennium more accurate. I can't get no no phantom little C said all you saw was fight from the Honda passport.


Yeah. Your first day you booked the reds at the fire steakhouse. Sure. To show up wearing an Apple watch. What do you think? You single. I Think it's practical. Don't bother me. Don't bother me. Don't bother Mark Ice. No She bad. Yeah I Don Fuck that watch Freak feel. Fuck. I program it. Fix the background. Set an alarm. Right. Put a timer on this right. Fuck ice Tomorrow Seven minutes I stop. Yeah. But I feel like y'all sneaking out the question. Cool. You'll fucker. But what do You think? It don't bother. It's not, it don't bother me.


It don't. I ain't make that much money yet. What about you ish? No, it's cool. No it's not. It is. You can't even keep a straight face. Right. I'm not saying that it's Cool. What's cool, the Apple Watch I sure they got on. I'm not judging the person based. No fancy band, stock band. It Is The Plastic shit. First generation Little screen, little screen too. It is not, there's Nothing wrong with the watch. Exactly. It it depends on you gotta Teach us now. Now I'm about To tell you it depend on how shorty I match her shoes. No. How she carry herself. Wait but shoes Matter. A lot of Shoes Matter. Shoes Matter. No, she might start talking like you could look at somebody. They got a Michael Kors. It's cool. I'm not judging you ask about you can't start talking about other people or talking down about other people.


Got it. Now I'm gonna look at your Michael Kors differently. See what you're saying. If you got on an Apple watch and you cool and content with that, you could have a Honda Accord. You wanna live like that. Right? But you start dissing other girls calling them basic and all that other shit. Now you going get But Wait, if she got Apple watch on and a girl, Everything I say Honda, you can't say I say Honda Court. She gets trigger. Trigger warning. You not the only person that had a Honda. Honda. I never had a fucking Honda. It's A good car maam. It in value. God damn it. When I met my girl, she had a Honda Accord. There's nothing Wrong with it. You upgraded. Why? Why You think it something wrong with having a Accord? Nothing is wrong with having an Accord. Well It is Accord. You had Accord. He didn't pull that out.


What color was it? I never, I think it was a civic accord. But he Saw you lx. I Literally you had a Civic lx. I've never driven a Honda. Had the cloth. I've never had a, every time I say thing. Alright but were you in a, in a Honda Accord one time and he seen you. No, that happened to me outside of Mars. 21 12 1 time. No, When we was in the Honda we was parking away. We parking away the You take the little walk man man Pitches will turn that corner and see me get in that beige Honda Accord. I ain't care. Whatever You talking about, shit happens. I got caught too. Getting into some bullshit. Back in the days. Have a Honda Accord. Yo. No I never had one Honda's where you should have went for the ad word.


It is right there Honda's where you should have went. You went MW with that potato sack. Sorry. That's cool. You know. Anyway, back to clips really quick. Every song I've heard sounds, this sounds like a real def Jam kind of project. They dropped the ball. Wow. Def Jam. They Dropped the ball. Old Def Jam. These are the, these are the types of albums. Old Def Jam would've like stood. Stood proud and tall behind for sure. Like some real hip hop sounding shit with the greatest producers. The greatest features when I heard a Kendrick feature, an NAS feature leaked earlier.


A whole, whole movie. Baton backing like Yeah And I mean not to start the rumor mill up again. Will it be a whole verse on there? No comment. Oh so yes. Oh, okay. I said No comment. We know that this Hove is giving Push a verse. I hope so. And pushing Pharrell. Right? You think that Pharrell didn't Pharrell and Push didn't send something over that sound like Allure times a zillion Hey, hey og. Hey just wanted to see Will you Get a minute? Just tell me what you think of this. He don't even, he didn't even ask for the bird yet. I Don tell me how you think this beat sounds Joe, I have a question.


Drake. Alright. I was cooking just now. Saw you As a podcast. Go ahead. Go. I want hear it now. Sounds Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to gimme back and forth. Yeah, Let when you send a verse, Drake has signed electronically. Do Do you need wifi to send A verse? Right. Wanna hear Drake signed a who's Drake signed to Universal Def Jam is under Universal. Yes. Yes. That's the other thing. That's Why. Okay. Okay, got it. Def Jam is under Universal. So I understand whatever push is saying And he's saying that the line in question was a Trump line. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think Universal is doing that? Are they doing that in order to keep Drake there?


'cause it was rumors, like you said, that he might even go to cross. Yeah, we fighting the case across the Drake has good lawyers too. We don't need listen. Got it. One, one wrong word on these songs. And I will get 7,000 emails from an attorney when they got no One wrong word on the song. And Drake's gonna say see told you, told y'all I this is what they do end up like they were just talking about the optics of it period. For Red. No, it didn't matter what he said but I can hear the part that he said in that line. Yeah, but if Drake is six, God and you, you opening eight bars is saying I'll send him back to to Cosmics. Yeah. Even though we think that this verse was done before any of this beef shit popped off. Yeah. Because he said We think this verse is like a year old, maybe longer.


Nah. Send it back to the cops. This Clips album has been done. This, This album has been Finished. This album has been finished. 2024 we're supposed to go last month. The album the he finished this. I don, I don know months ago Features were not. That was Ain't no nigga like just the telepath, this not you said not like us was what? April? May. May. So you talking about almost 16 year. Almost 14 months ago he could have been album could have been done and he still could have. Yeah. And I think Pusha Tee is one of the hold's favorite rappers for sure. Yeah, definitely. That's a fact. I think so. And Per else one of his favorite Producers. I also think all that integrity shit that you keep hearing in Push and Jeezy, I think hold has takes a liking as a to humans, to those types of individuals, to those types of humans.


I also think Hov really loves Pharrell and he just performed at that Louis shit and that fly ass coat jacket he had on that Louis as shit was fly. But anyway, HOV ain't gonna just stand by idly and let push keep dis keep letting niggas fire Pharrell. Especially if it's niggas he may not like. I might have a hot take. I might, I might, I might, I might. Nah, I'm gonna think about it. I don't, I think somebody getting shot if he's on there, It's gonna be some little Multiple people might get shot shot. There Should be some slick talk that is gonna be pointing Yeah. To somebody. Kanye gonna get shot. Kanye's getting clearly shot Bazooka.


It ain't even gonna be nothing. And that's gonna come from a couple different angles. Roy said we got It is One of Those allegedly he said that Oh yeah, He never did party. That was ai. He was early adopter When HOV performed the beat Beyonce, he took yay name out that verse. Yeah. Was I didn't take that as nothing. Yeah, He just put Beyonce's name in there instead. 'cause he is with, he's With her, he was with her in Paris. Okay. That performance was crazy too. I, I loved it man. To see him come out in that last leg of the tour, get the, the, the way the crowd responded. When, when, when HOV took stage, I thought Yeah, it's fire nigga, there's no secret that him and ye don't get along. Right. So I I don't think that he did that just to shoot it ye right.


Yo that don't, that don't bother your mind Parks and Joe, I mean as a fans or something. Right. To me, when I look at that, it's like Jay-Z keep kept ascending and then if you wasn't extending with him it looks, you know, 'cause TT and Bigs and them is dead. But it just looks like if you was a detriment, nigga, I ain't, I'm I'm gonna just leave you to the side like Dan, why would I Have a problem? Everybody can't Go. No, I'm saying but Exactly. But I look Drew, I look at it a little bit different. I look at it a little bit different and that's, that's me. But like yeah, Ye was ascending too, by the way. Like damn. I know he was, he was, he was ascending. But then it makes me think that what could possibly go wrong between them two? Right. You talked about my kids, like if, if ye before that, if, if ye if you know about my wife, if, if you know ye is crazy sometimes you know your nigga is crazy.


You'd be like, he said slavery was a choice. You'd sit over there a scale, talk about Nazis On a scale of one To two. No remember I talking about that? But before that, Mel, you two, you're bringing up stuff. Before that You went crazy in the middle of your show and gave you gave me 20 minutes on stage. Fuck is you thinking? I don't, I don, he went, I Don't remember that. Well then there's that whole Kardashian thing. The wedding come To my wedding and I don't want to get in gossip land. Got it. Got it. I don you don't. Yeah, I got you. Okay. Okay. Please. We move that from there. But how good do y'all think y'all are? And I'm coming with the ad. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. How good do y'all think y'all are at identifying a liability? I'm getting this from the bleak Interview. Ooh, no, but that's what Flip just said. He, yo, somebody's a detriment. You cut 'em off. That's Why, that's why I was about mess.


Detri was the word that you used. If somebody keeps being detrimental and I have a certain goal in mind or I have, I have a certain place where I want my life to go and you keep being a detriment to that. How long do I keep saying What's my man that was up here? What's my man that was sitting up here? Ray Daniels. Ray. I agree with Ray Daniels and Eva. I think Wayne though I agree with them when they said that if Damon Jay came up together, if I was Jay, I wouldn't leave Dame like that. No. 'cause I wouldn't leave Dame like that. Dame wouldn't, Dame wouldn't be $10 million in debt. But if that was my brother Together hold, I wouldn't do that. You don't know how many conversations or chances or tries to get him right. That they had.


Like if It is your man's, your man's man and he fucking up and you try to pull him to the side of your dog, we do it. You fucking this up bro. I keep giving you a chance to have the chance and you keep fucking it up. I'm not gonna let you fuck my shit up. Eventually you, you gotta get cut loose. You never had A friend that just, you got exhausted to that shit like Yo. But now not just that, that's behind closed doors now you publicly are getting on certain interviews and you're saying disparaging shit about me and my character and all of these other things at some point enough is gonna be enough. Got It. One last quick piece of this I thought was interesting on, I don, I don't know if y'all saw this on the Paris tour was Beyonce had the Buffalo Soldiers t-shirt on. Did Y'all see this? Didn didn't See that. I didn't See that. She had, she had a Buffalo soldier t-shirt and it was interesting. It was one of the few missteps from their team in terms of fashion.


One of the things Beyonce and Jay-Z have done really well is wear clothing and have aesthetics that speak to black culture, black images. And it often gets celebrated. Buffalo soldiers are tougher. One, when you start talking about, you know, black soldiers fighting, they actually fought and helped to take land from indigenous people and other people here. And so, you know, she wore it and then the internet went kind of nuts and people started taking the, the praise down. People started taking the, the accolades down. And it's, it's, it's one of those interesting moments for artists to me. And I don't, I I'm sure they didn't do that on purpose, but it was just one of those moments where the team didn't do enough research, I think. And it was one of those things that looked catchy and it worked, but till it didn't work.


And I think that's a reminder to artists to be very mindful of when you start taking political statements and trying to make aesthetics out of it. If you don't know the story well that's all. But they, it it was a big internet story for the last 24 hours or so. You can't aware shit no more. It's because you like it. No, not at all. Not at all. Shit's Fucked up. Yeah Man, there's a lot of times Buffalo. I'm just talking about Bob Marley nigga you Talking, that's what you talking about. Same, same Buffalo soldiers. Yeah. Yeah. But but part of the story of Buffalo Soldiers was they helped secure the land from the wild, the Wild Indians. They were Cowboys like Yeah. Working With Oh from, okay, got it. We grew up playing cowboys and Indians too. We realized later on the Indians were, were the good guys. You know what I mean? Cowboys weren't the good guys. But again it, I I'm sure her team and people gave it to her and gave us certain information about it.


But it's just not enough. And that's the problem when we, when we wear stuff and do stuff sometimes where we don't know have the whole, the whole information. So it's just a rare misstep. 'cause they get it right. 99% of the time. And I, I'm usually very proud and excited about what they did. When I saw that, I was like, oh. And I saw the internet respond. I didn't say nothing but I watched the internet respond and I was like, oh wow. Okay. Yeah. Just something to just something to note that came outta Paris as well. Also. And not to go back to you guys' whole Kanye conversation 'cause again, I'm minding my business, but it could be, it, it could just be we beefed over watch the throne. It could just be more beef. We beefed over splits. We beefed over who But I I think we, I think we could come back from that. You get what I'm saying?


Oh no, no, no. All the rest of that shit, y'all name happened. Yeah, I'm just saying in terms of the root of it. Initial Yeah. Like we, we just don't know I, when it comes to shit like that, I kind of just trust the people. Right. Like if, if, if, if you stop seeing me and ice together tomorrow safe to assume something happened. Something happened. Yeah. Somebody do something. You hear some bullshit, we ain't gotta know. No. If It is, if It is me and ice then it was probably me. That bullshit. That's if it's me and you. I don know though. I It is me and you. I don't know. You wouldn't know the world. I'm not so sure about that with me and you. The world me freeze. I did some fuck shit.


I did some fuck shit. It's true. Lastly on this topic, It is rumored that hold might do the NFL Super Bowl halftime show. Oh what do you guys take from that? If anything? It's another rumor that an album is coming from him. Yeah, Yeah. I'm excited. I'm excited about that Jay Joe. I'm a little surprised if that happens, but I'm excited. I wanna see it happen. I just would've expected to be interruption of like hip hop artists. Hip hop artists. Like between Kendrick and Jay. I would've thought maybe a woman, maybe r and B singer, maybe a different genre of music. I would've just, just Fuck that. Just yeah. I'm we running it. We here now. I ain't mad at it. I just, I just expected something different. But you All hitting all this black money from black run backs.


I did the West Coast tribute. I did Rihanna, I did Usher and I did Kendrick. It's my time to shine. Yeah. Yeah. But you know after Kendrick I thought they might put a white person in. I thought they might do something Not while we still here. Yeah. Bullshit. Also, he also Ain't mad. He also could be feeling, I, I think they said they renewed his, his contract. They did but it could be feeling like we're gonna go to country eventually he is like well let me get my shit off before, before I up out here. That's, I hear that i's Brooks come nigga here I am. They may not give it. And have I got an album coming? Yeah. I don't really need to see if Ho does it. Great. I Wanna See that. I only need to see Chris Brown now from our people. That's it. Yeah, from from our people.


That's the only person I'm like Drake and Drake. I could live without. I don. If it didn't, if it didn't happen then eh, if he did it then awesome. But I could live without it. Drake shows aren't artistic enough for me to wanna see the Super Bowl. If it's the Super Bowl, he got the music bowl, He gonna have a little help. Yeah. If's the Super Bowl though needs. Yeah, he might do a little bit more check that Kendrick Got. Nah, Aidan Ross gonna be there. What's the girl Kendrick got Says who else? No, the girl that did the stage show and all that shit. It's the same girl That's done some Drake shit. What's my man name? That was just in Houston. What's the guy They was firing Drake up all week. 'cause he came out with the race. Morgan.


Morgan. He'll be at the Super Bowl too. Drake got a little squad. That was weird. But yeah, why was I don, I explain that to me when we come back 'cause I


don't, I don't understand That. All right, well for now time for my favorite part of the show. PrizePicks. Alright. PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash money with millions of members. PrizePicks is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really easy and simple to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with PrizePicks and even though the NBA finals might be over, the action does not stop on PrizePicks because baseball is just heating up. Step up to the plate with PrizePicks and add your favorite baseball players to your lineup. Whether it's strikeouts, rbis, or first inning runs. Make your call with more or less and play your shot to win up to 2000 times your cash with PrizePicks. All right, the Joe and Ish PrizePicks said a week in baseball. The Mets are still ass. Let's see, we got Mike Trout. That's right already. I ain't even gotta read no more. Mike Trout for more than five and a half fantasy score. I don't even know what that means in baseball talk. It's All right. Spanky Francisco Landor for more than six fantasy score. Aaron Judge for more than nine and a half fantasy score. And Justin Verlander for more than four and a half strikeouts. You got a good ticket? Yep. Sounds solid. I me, I Mean names sound familiar. Cool Names sound like he might have did a little something. Listen, if you download Price picks the app right this second. I need y'all to do what's a real big favor. Y'all Tell me favors. You know, you know Can you please finish this drop because I don't wanna step on the Ass. Yo. No that's audience please y'all. Hey Zoom in. Everybody out there, wake up everybody. No more sleeping in bed. Listen, please use this promo code. Text your family members to use this promo code. Text everybody you know. Tell 'em to use promo code JBB for your chance to win. I done forgot what the fuck you supposed to win. You Win $50 with your first five. Oh Yeah. For your chance to win. Jail, jail, jail. They already making a case for you. Jail I got. I got it. We good. We gotta figure a way out. We gotta figure way in Boss Maze. We gotta figure in after ma. Oh Man Yo. Fuck you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat for the people in the back. Download the app right this second and use promo code JBP for your chance to win $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


Speaking about running games, I Love this nigga. So I Don dunno what made you wake up in the morning and decide to post Patreon? Not the subs but how many Patreon subscribers visit your Patreon page. You try to Blackout The Numbers. You try to do a big one. Niggas ain't never work in corporate but little do you know little do you know the internet had you beat a little bit of brightness turned up because they brightened their numbers And I saw you made a lot last month.


You made a lot the month before and, and and and honestly you standing Up for the people. Oh shit you making a lot now. So what? I think your story, I mean you know I get it. I mean high overhead but the overhead is ain't that high United. How y'all know what ain't down United? Don got that. I'm looking at that like okay. Stupid yo. Okay. Do you have any explanation to do? I can't pay your bills. No. No. But It is Bills. You can pay all of my bills on top of that.


You can pay our family bills. You can pay my grandmother bills. You can pay everybody Bills in the south. Everybody in Jamaica. Yeah I knew. And that's not the prospects bag you getting. I had to do calculation them niggas in. That's not the problem. Run your game. That's not that out there nigga. What? Yeah I knew he was going do it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew As soon as I saw It. Yo, you are an idiot. I'm surprised my sister ain't say nothing. No, you know big stop playing was what? She ain't say stop Was know about her. Oh Yeah she did This little measle right Here. I did say something. Okay. But off camera. Oh Who you say something to Ian.


Oh Shit. Oh Shit. You went to, what'd you say? You went to Shea Whitey. I knew something was wrong. I'm sitting there watching murder, suicide accident on a Monday afternoon. Fucking phone start. But I got my phone on the end table on vibrate. So just start jumping on now. Who in the hell look over his ish. I already start cursing him out. I'm like this nigga calling out again. He know we don't talking no damn Monday. Who the fuck died now nigga ish answer. But sometimes he's, that's my man sometimes still he, I say you ready for the bullshit? He was like delete it.


I said what? What happened? I don't know man. I just got him getting some calls. He said Simon hit me. Yo. I'm getting calls. Yo Idiot did. You ain't say you getting calls and you can't refute it. You can't. No, no, no. Don't getting calls, messages. Text message Got calls too Didn didn't know what the fuck It is. I didn know what the Fuck that was because I didn ain't even see your niggas just sent yo yo yo. Fuck that nigga said, I don't know what you did but they got it. Delete it. This nigga always attach shit. I ain't there and flip car ain't nothing man. I was perusing that.


I seen some shit. I posted it. What did you See that It was just some AI Shit? What did you See that trigger you to do that though? Because you don't usually do that. That's not even your bag. And I asked you on the phone, I'm like Joe, tell me what's out there. Who said something? Who offended you? Who threw shots? Who called you broke? You said none of that happened. None of that happened. So what did you have to I I Saw the rumors after it happened that, but none of that happened. I wasn't, that's corny. I don't do that. So what did you see something triggered that happened? Inspired that his act. Thank you. Thank you. Freeze. I got you bro. I kept asking him, tell me what inspired that. That ain't, that ain't You. 30 million. What about it? That number excited me. That still don't you do that in a couple months? No, no, no. See and that's where got, that's where we gotta not joke so much.


Yeah. You're not excited no more About that. That's where we, You know what I mean? That's, that's Michael Kors then. Yeah. You know what I mean? Oh shit, coach, That's that's just an important number. That's just an important number. Yeah. So, and the goal is to always get that number higher. So when I saw that number I was like yo nah dog. We gotta celebrate some of this shit. You ever seen that number before? Yeah. You didn't do this. Not in the bank. You didn't do this when you saw that number Ain't wipe your nose. Yeah wipe your Nose. I can't even talk real with my man. I love him yo. It is my nigga right here. I lie to his Face but he don't care. He showed 30 million public. He don't care. He got shit in his nose. Nigga I don't give fuck. About what?


That's a gold nugget. Nugget. Yeah. Got on after I get on Facebook with the nigga he calls me. Idiot. Yo. Yo you need help nigga. Don't call my phone OG. I need you to walk 'cause you the first person I thought about once I realized what it was. Yeah. I need you to walk me through from the second you saw it. First reaction Got it on. Please flip. That's why I Ain't call you. So, so, so I wanted to hear this lie. I I I usually check my Patreon public visitors, the people that come through. Got it. So I know that feeling. Got it. The number goes up. You like oh shit. You know what I mean? You gotta make sure that they subscribe to it. Okay. Whatever free ad you have that they watch, make sure it actually work Turn into squad.


Makes. Yeah. So, so, got it. So when I, so I was on my shit just regular. I get a DM yo. Hey yo look nigga yo, they got Joe with a white out shit. And I said 900 say so what the fuck is that? Yo, you went and got a magnifying gun. You saw a story? No, no, no. I said no, no I'm, I said put the fuck. I said okay cool. Hold Latin Life. Then I got a text from my uncle and them. I said well what's going on? And I go to this nigga stories. The nigga C cracked out some shit and I'm like, oh nah he playing. So I think I, I got lightheaded nigga. I said yo princess bring me a water real quick and bring me a high seat. I need, I need electrolyte yo bring me a high seat.


She said You want the high seat daddy? Yes the high seat off French. Bring it and bring me a water. Then I looked at it and then when I looked I saw it, then I went on spaces to talk to head. And that's How light hit. That's good for me for being rushed. I never liked to do anything rushed. But it was the morning time I was doing nine different things and talking to Ian was one of those things. And I seen that 30 million a month. And that's a really big thing. It is. It is a really huge, that's a really, really, really big thing. So in my moment of excitement I said to this white nigga, yo, and you know what I'm blaming my girl too a little bit.


I'm fuck it, I'm playing victim all the way around the board now you the victim sounds. Yeah, I'm blaming you the nigga I'm playing victim. I don't give a fuck. I said to Ian, yo do me a favor. Big do on that FaceTime. Hey black out all this other shit. I need to hit this 30 million on him. Fuck it. Sun was shining nigga. What Dr. Feeling great. Hey let we know he Sent the shit back. Right. Yeah he sent the shit back and I was so caught up in whatever I was doing. Normally I would clip it like I did because I know I know better.


That's, that's what got me. I know from this I seen too many docs. That's what got we do this. I'm like Joe, they like Joe ain't tech savvy. We got, I ain't tech savvy but I'm nigga savvy. No you, you savvy enough to know how that game goes. Busy as hell. And normally I would've hit my girl. She would've, she would've picked me up but she was all in my face for man long. So I ain't hit her. So And good for you. Now look now look at now look at you. I was, I was gonna call you and tell you to take it down. Nah, I called him. I said yo. I said yo dog. Thanks. I called my agent instead. Time we got off the phone an hour passed. He'll tell you all about it.


He'll let you down. He'll let you Down now. I'm like yo dog, take that stupid shit down. He's like what? I said yo my nigga you could see through the numbers Nigga I wanted him to. He's like yo you lying. So I wanted him to keep it up. I wanted to be motivated nigga I was on his ass. You've seen it already. Crazy. No, I'm on his ass still. Nigga I tried to go to nigga Crave. Yo. You home Just I'm at the corner. Can I talk to you for a minute? Nigga said I'm not home. Why said nah, the acoustics I'm wait for you acoustics house. It sound like whole. Yeah it sound like selling. Damn. Yeah it's not. There's no vibration in the end. Oh man. It sound like you know, but Since that happened I've just seen so much internet chatter. You know we have so many communities and they're so large.


Yes. I've seen so much internet chatter about how Ali White like that would tear a family apart. I'm just glad to know that this team is so strong in this foundation. Nothing like that will come between us. Ah anyway. I told you addition by subtraction. I told you spaces the addition was seeing that. Oh wow. The subtraction would be nigga let's have a meeting. It is gonna bring us all closer together. Yeah, yeah. We all gonna get much closer, close closer and something got our old group chat. We, we, we working on the details. That other group Chat, they in there green bubbles as hell.


Mad green bubbles. But another thing that crossed my mind Joe, you trying to say I was leading the group chat? No, No not leading it but your presence in there makes the whole thing green. I Wasn't in the group chat bro. Well It's a joke. We don't know that they really have. Well I think it's a joke. There's no group chat. I don a joke though. Damn. It is. What'd you say? Another thing that was on my mind, I noticed something about you. Like right now you see me extremely happy and I put two and two together. Is Shaday here? Not right this second though. She's in New York. Why docs My No, I'm just saying I noticed that she back home when Sade first come here, you happy you walk in, you smelling different.


You put a dif you put a different one on. When you with her, you don't put that fly. You put some like some, I'm in a relationship food. So you put that on. I think y y'all, y'all smells at ta Twine like some some, here's her shit cool. You walk in happy you can tell you sit there, you try to get on your little laptop. You try to just do shit. She bring down your, she bring you drink or she bring you food. That's when sade's here. Then like I give you a week, a week and a half. The next week. We could tell when Sade changed her flight. 'cause your mood changed. You walking in dragging his feet. Don't Play. Don't play about me. You don't want, I don't know what you talking about.


You Don't want to talk. I have absolute nigga start hitting the laptop buttons all hard. He said yo, can you guys please let me get through today. You guys are kind of annoying. Yo. He said to us, nigga we was annoying him nigga. I said one time I said that. Yeah. Oh yeah, that one day that would've bad. I couldn't believe you said that. I took that part off. I should took that part off. You Said that to us off alt. Oh shit. That's good. Do I should took that pot off. That's gross. And FlipIt just told me to take that pot off too. But don't tell me to take the pot Off. And he got mad at me. I remember that. Remember that? Yeah. He said Yo, don't tell me. He said nigga he bodied me that to him. He said should take that off and look parts agreed. He said yo, you know my my my likeness. Hey flip After telling was if any of y'all feel like I should take the pot off, just let me know.


Freeze. Thank you. Freeze. He didn't like, but like he said, he said that is when I said it, I'm pretty sure if you guys would've said it would've been different. I'm like man go home. My nigga like yeah I told him you'll go home bro. You know I appreciate each one of y'all for how y'all deal with me individually and as a collective. If I've never said that, let me express that to y'all now. I would say that too. A lot. We had to learn. It's a lot we Had to learn. It was, it was a learning curve. Yeah, for sure. For sure. I think that's genuine. Would it make a difference if if they told you to take a pod off versus flip? Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. It would be a difference. I think Flip delivery ain't the best. Like he looked at me with an attitude like, yo go home nigga. We Hate it when you here like this. Get the fuck out nigga.


We was having fun. We can do them without You. Right. Yeah. He do it like that And Then It is ego time now. Mm. So but you and I responded with ego. He Did. Nigga said yeah, they said I guess Fox did. I don, I don't think they would say it. I thought about you That day too. Paul said he's right. I said Fox because I looked at parks, I look at Paul. I was right. I was right in my point. Your point wasn't right. Right. But I think it was, he Was right in. I should that yeah I should went on that day and that was a real bad ball for me anyway. Fuck y'all niggas. So Then when Yeah, I don't think they would tell me like that. Nah, not like that. Okay. But s not you look like in a chippy Mood. No, my baby's not here. I I miss her. I love you.


I love you baby. If you listening. No she's not, she's not here. My baby is gone but Turn off I don like hanging out with my girl. I can tell I Like hanging out with my girl but then midway through I don Go ahead. Keep going. Go Ahead. I'm I only if y'all follow up, I can't follow up. I disagree. I'm Not in, I didn't say nothing yet. I guess You said enough but go ahead Midway through. We good midway through. I might agree too. There You go. You got one. It Is just them moments where your girl is up under you like your girl.


Like who loves you like Right, right, right there. No matter what you say, you could say yo, I'm going to World War iii. Yo. I'm gonna, the cleaners, I'm going, alright, let's take they Start putting their flip flops on you like, yo, you doing? Yeah, I got that shirt over There about, Yeah. Yo dog, I'll get your shirt. Now I want to get my own shirt 'cause I wanna talk to, Yeah, I Wanna talk to, we ling about some things too, so you Know what I'm saying? Yeah. So no, not me. 'cause I love hanging out with my girl, but I did think, I did think when is it appropriate to tell your partner that they are included in your social battery? Ooh. Ooh, that's a tough one. Joe.


Elaborate. My wife cursed me out about that shit. Fuck You. Hell, I don't know. I I don add ice. I don't know. We have A social battery where it drain. A lot of people say you get drained if you've been talking around doing like entertaining people talking to people too Much. Oh, I thought you was trying to trick me. See I Didn didn't Know what you meant. See. Yeah. Yo, You two, you're social battery, whatever your, whatever your body gotta cue up for you to be social. Look people in the eyes talk, be attentive, tell a story, crack a joke. All of that shit like when it's down It is down. And then here come right around the corner. You a girl. You know what I think It is Joe. Because y'all don't live together. Well I'm not talking about me. That's what It is though. I'm not talking about me now. That is what It is though. That is, It is. All right. Well for the Person that doesn't live with their girl outta, I'm not talking about me.


I'm hanging out. Not necessarily you but the person that doesn't live with their Girl there. I think that should be something you should, you can be honest about. Like, Oh, I be, I thought I had to get that out the way early. Yeah. Get it out the fucking way early. Like Yeah. Yeah. And we talk for a living all don't have, I don't wanna talk. Yeah. After the first year of realizing on Tuesdays and Fridays, I'm not gonna don't talk to me Chatty is golden. Yeah. She, she learned My wife is petty though. I'm still working on that. My wife is petty like that 8:00 PM that 9:00 PM conversation on a Tuesday be killing. That's what I'm saying. That's yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don Well not you though. We talking about I'm not talking about me. Yeah. Not you for Other people. My wife is, my wife is petty though. She do it back to me when I need some shit.


That's what I'm saying. Like It is a difficult shit to deal with. I let her know like, yo, hey these, I don't wanna, But that shouldn't happen with financial abuse. Well That shit Just, that just, that's one of the, that's what I keep telling mine. Like With Caribbean women you pay for the evening silence with Caribbean women. That shit don't work. It don't work. Listen, my wife, I, I agree with you. I said the same thing like sometimes you just wanna come in here. I just want to, I wanna have time to myself. The other day I left the pod the Friday I went in the house. I just, just needed time. And that kind of her thing is like, all right, cool. You always have the time. You always need time. And that's where it gets a little tricky because now she got receipts she's bringing up that I totally forgot about.


So now that I need time, shit, just to think It is not about you. Ain't you ain't time when you left the pod and you went over blah, Blah, blah. Exactly. Oh yeah. You rat. God damn. She didn't know that. That's what was saying. Whoa. I said blah blah, blah. Okay. With the blah, blah, blah. Real been Best Buy, ain't You? Right. Well, listen, what I'm sayings, nigga, I had the conversation and she came and she, she, she came, she held it and then she pressed me about it. But I told her like, yo, it's not always about you. Or it has something to do with you. Like, it's a lot going on in my mind. I'm trying to get to this, I'm trying to do that and do that, but also it's my job to cater to my wife. So that's it. It gets a little, it gets a little Tricky now. Now you're talking. All right, now I have a real conversation because he, he's really talking. Yeah. That if I, if I ever, if my social battery really includes my girl and I'm really ready for her to leave, it's because of the effect she is having in other areas.


Like I gotta show up. Yeah. He's right As me. Attentive, undivided attention and all brain power to whatever the exercise is. Yeah. I don't really do that. Not me neither. If She's here a BI love her cooking. So if she here long enough, I'm gonna be fat. Just what It is. True. And now it's back to the gym. It's like making my shit harder again. It is like, oh nah, nah, you gotta go, you gotta go, you gotta go. And I told my wife, she said, thanks, she did it man. I told her that shit. Right. And then I'm like, can you woke up early? Oh, that's why morning. Yeah. Six in, yo, can you make me some breakfast?


Nah, I'm tired girl, I you Up. That's not how financial abuse work either. Yeah. I said you up. And then I told her I'm tired. I breakfast and you gotta talk at night. No, I, I reminded her. I reminded her backwards. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Watch, check, mouth. First of all, I'll get you. No, I ain't coming at you. No, no, no. Listen, I'm joking. I don want no problems. No, she, because she works as well. So by the time I come home nine times outta 10, her thing is like, yo, if you want me to cook at night, you have big kids. Tell the kids to take everything out so I can make for, I'm coming from work, I'm traveling far. Like be considering she's right. But I don't look at it like that. Like nigga consider it what? Get to it. Like I told my we haven't had food, cooked food in the house for about three weeks.


What are you doing? She cursing me out the other day. She woke up, made me some breakfast, some ill shit. So now I want to breakfast the second time. But I had had that, that conversation about the social battery. So now I can't get breakfast. She chose. It is crazy. That's tough. This motherfucker here. You want breakfast? Yes, I do Actually. Really hungry. I don't want come in the kitchen with me. Well why we gonna the same shit? Oh hell no. Wait dude, I want, do I wanna Do what? I gotta come downstairs with you. My wife be asking me the same thing. You'll come downstairs with me while I come. I want To be served like the, I wanna wake. I wanna wake up and smell it already. Oh yeah. I want the bacon. That oink. Oh yeah. Gotta be Oink. Yeah. We doing some oink. Don't bring that other shit in here.


This house. Anyway, baby, if you watching, I love you. You are indeed my best friend. That's also a perfect segue to my next topic, which is be Simone, who I would've put in the A block. Be Simone I think may be the worst, best friend in the world, in the universe. Interesting. Yeah. Is everybody here familiar with B Simone? Be Simone is a content creator, entrepreneur, comedian. She's a, she might be a medium. I don't, I don't even know my girl. Don't even talk to the mediums no more since I stopped cheating. You shitted on them. Yeah, that's, I think I fucked up. Comedians been their best friend. We did some bullshit though. Yo.


Sometimes the medium hits too close to hold. Anyway, this thing stupid. What was I talking about? Be Simon. Be Simon. Be Simone. I got clips. Yes please. I have clips. Be Simone. I've been looking for this entire interview and I haven't found it, but I've seen enough clips. You know they do the clip take first clip teasers. Be Simone, the internet is talking about her because of the whole h and m. I don't have money to right be anymore. But before that it was the best. It was about her being being the worst, best friend in the fucking world. I'm Gonna play. That was the first clip. I'm gonna play this, let me play this real quick.


A celebrity, everybody thinks that, oh, because you're connected to this person, This is her best friend currently talking, your Life is just as grand as theirs. Or you got stay helping you baby didn't have a job living with my parents, a single mom. All this happened to me this past year. Jesus. And then it's like to not have resentment in my heart towards you. 'cause I saw you do this for other people. I saw you give a check to somebody to help them through whatever they went through. And it's like God, like nobody didn't gimme a handout. But guess what? That wasn't your responsibility. God had to take me through that for my own season, for my own thing, I had to get my car repossessed. Jesus. Jesus, Jesus. I Had to go through the food stamps line.


I hate, I had to be on Medicaid because whatever he, I'm building my story too. But It is like, Let me pause this for a second in case y'all not understanding. This is the worst shit ever. This is be Simone's Best friend, Best friend staring at be Simone in the face saying, yo dog, sometimes it's tough to be best friends with a celebrity 'cause I'd be, I was going through real shit. I was homeless, I couldn't eat, I didn't have money, I didn't have clothes. And her best friend is looking her in the face saying, damn Jesus damn bitch sucks to be Damn you was going through that.


Not Only that, then she proceeds to say, oh you Speed, speed. Sorry sir, I'm talking. Look at you. Look at, here goes F1 girl demon on wheels. Let's focus on this particular part first. 'cause she's not even finished. No, no, no. Okay. She continues As a friend who, somebody who has it, it's hard to digest. They're probably shocked not even saying this. Right. So the part that I was gonna say was within that clip where she says, and I've seen you give checks to Other people, other people. That was what I was gonna say. That's my speeding through. That's what it's still within the same clip. And it's just like, Do y'all here be Simone. Jesus. I have more clips for y'all.


Yeah. And I wanna remind y'all some y'all, I I, some of y'all may be, I might throw a little bell. Some y'all. Yeah, I got a lot of bell. But, but before y'all turn into the bail bondsman, let me remind y'all be Simone also did a podcast before with a woman that she called her best. Her best friend. Well there's a whole conversation there with women and best friends where we could really start. You got 77 besties. Yeah. Podcast bestie every week. This podcast I looked at differently because I was on Clubhouse during the pandemic and it be Simone popped in the clubhouse room, the best friend was right there and they told everybody with ears in the clubhouse days, we are best friends. Okay. We could also have A podcaster best friend conversation at some point too.


We also have, that was my best friend then. And I done got another one, another. But that podcast ended because, and they filmed this because B Simone sat her best friend down and said, yo dog. And I'm paraphrasing here, actually I'm just using my, she said, yo dog, I'm off this shit. And the best friend is sitting there damn near in tears saying, but you didn't have a conversation with me ever. We didn't talk. You just abruptly are ending our business venture. You didn't give a fuck. You don't care about what's supposed to happen to me after this. And B Simone sat there with, with stone face. Yeah. Just like girl. Sorry, sorry girl. So a lot of the talk after that was, damn, that's a fucked up way to treat your best friend.


So this is the second best friend that this is happening to with one, plug it in. Alright, I gotta find my clip. Y'all go ahead and talk. Oh yeah. Is is it time for the bell? Time for The bell? We can go first. Oh yeah. Y'all got, y'all can go ahead with Bell. So I, I always need more information. You know what I mean? Before Call be Simone, I make a judgment. No, I don't know. I don't know be I'm saying I would, I I, if I had a homie who was fucked up or if one of y'all was fucked up, who I don't know as well. Most of y'all, I would do everything I could for y'all. Right. That's to me what you do. And if it's your best friend, you should absolutely do that. However, there are two things that I would think about here. One, I don't actually know b Simone's financial situation and, and hearing what I heard more recently about her struggling a little bit and saying she had to make some financial decisions differently.


That's piece number one. And sometimes you think people was up and they not. And sometimes when you think people are blessing others and giving checks, that's exactly what I, some of that is for some of that is, is not real smoking mirrors. You smoke mirrors. Right. And then the other piece of that is, I don't know how much money this friend done fucked up already. That was my, That was where I was going. You Right. That's the other part of it. I don't know if, what if I have friends, like I told the story a couple weeks ago about the homie with the, with the, with the parole stuff. Sometimes I didn't. What if I blessed you three other times with checks and you back in the same spot again? You know? So I don't know enough for the history to assume the worst. But don't you think that be Simone would've taken that opportunity to say right there? Yes. Where? Because She, I wouldn't You wanna know why not? Because the girl's saying, yo, I'm sitting here because I don't Wanna with A certain Level of resentment And she and she's saying it.


Yeah. Very nicelys you but a lot of grace. She Was trying to Oh for sure. I'm not saying she didn't deserve it. I'm just saying I would've just been like, yo, there are times that I've helped you before. Right? Yeah. Like you not shitting on your friend like, yo bitch, when you fucked up the money last time I bailed you out when you did this, I bailed you out. I paid for your car. You get what I'm saying? She ain. But I know how I am. That's what logic told his dad. Right. As much as I debate, I'm not confrontational in that way. Yeah. Yeah. I would, I would've said nothing and been mad as shit and off camera be like, why the fuck would you do that? I didn say there have been times that I've helped you out. Yeah. That would Be the right thing. Do saying that every, everybody does that Guys, you guys make very valid points. Let me just Shoot one little piece of bell here too. They might not have really been friends like that because they throw that. I keep telling y'all women throw that best friend shit around.


Like it's nothing understandable. I think that's, I think that's a new topic that we should address. Yeah. I think we should handle this under the guise. True. That they, they are okay because she continues. All right, well Hold on before that. Go ahead big man. Just in terms of that then why do this? There is a conversation that happened off mic before this even happens as to what we're going to talk about. There's a conversation that happens. This isn't a blind side because then afterwards you have the power of editing. You could be like, nah, Fuck that. I am, I'm not gonna let that get out. I look crazy. You just made me look crazy. But they did. So there's all the, all of this is pre-planned. Who, who I've I've been Who up here? Who, who who? Whose interview is that?


Like Who? Well we Can't Figure this out. Contact. Yeah. The C oe. Yeah, exactly. And that's what I was about to say. She fucked up out here from the other thing we know. So yeah, we could do this. It's gonna go crazy. I can make something up. Yeah, let's go. Do You remember that time you Again fear points by everyone thus far. I want to play the second video that says that be Simone is the worst, best friend that anyone could have on earth. Like to hear it. That's it. Here it go. This opportunity to leave. I have this opportunity called you. Oh shit. I fucked. Sorry. And I said, you remember to leave. I have this opportunity and I called you and I told you about it and you were just like, okay.


And you called me back. I called her right back. Y'all were I so convicted. I was so convicted. I'm stopping this right here. No. What the fuck are you talking about? You were so convicted. I gotta hear what the, That's a's a, I gotta hear What the conviction was though. Alright, so I'll play it again but let, let me just jump out there. No, you was being a bitch. You was being a bitch. It is too many new age fancy words to to misdescribe some shit. You being a bitch if you call me and tell me ish about some good news that's happening, y'all. I just got 5,000 doors, nigga. Stop fucking playing with the man. I'm gonna say congrats. I'm not gonna call You right back and say y'all didn't really like how I felt when you told me that.


Okay. Which Is what she does. Lemme I will let it play. Yeah. Here we go. From the top, I have this opportunity and I called you and I told you about it and you were just like, okay. And you called Me back. I called her right back. Y'all were, I was so convicted And you were like, I was so Convicted. You were like, didn didn't like how I felt when you told me that. And I was like, what do you mean? He was like, I don't know what It is. I'm talking this out in real time. That's another line right there. But remember It is, I don't like what I felt. And I said, did you feel jealous? And you were like, I don't think I feel jealous. 'cause I was, we went through all the emotions. So are you angry? Are you sad? Are you jealous? I was like, I'm not jealous 'cause I don't want what you have.


I'm just Wait what? I'm sad and I'm angry and I'm upset that it's not, I'm not doing it with me. Yeah. Like we're not working together. Yeah. Like I don't have that. Wait what? I think anybody that's in my circle in my, I wanna work with you. I wanna put you on, I'm putting you in po I want, I like doing it together to, I have TV and I, I think this is a really conversa I think this is an amazing conversation and I I I we being silly but I commend them for having that conversation, especially on air. Oh, same. I'm, I'm very appreciate that a Because that feel like that they, the fact that she could admit it, I think It is dope.


Alright, so let I agree with that. Okay. Let me just start with some of my takeaways. One that convicted word. I was so convicted y'all. I was convicted. Convicted. I take that to mean you felt so strongly that you Had to call Way back. That you had to call back and say something. I think that's a crock of shit. I think that is a total crock of shit. If your best friend is, is having the time of their life or close some life changing deal or is celebrating something, I don't think that that's a friend's job to now make it about them. Which is exactly what be Simone did when she called back. She said, I didn't like how I felt when you told me that. Well bitch, who the fuck cares about how you feel when I'm calling you to express good news?


I got a short list of people I can even call and express good news. 'cause you want to protect the vibes and B Simone sit on the phone and say, I mean I wasn't jealous 'cause I don't want what you have. Eh, I think that's nasty to say too in this moment. And then she goes on to say, I mean I just don't know. I'm figuring this out in real time. I hate that line now. The real timeline. Yes. Doing everything on time. That's one. That's another one of these things that these new fucky fuck people say and use to say I didn't plan in real time was in real time because it was a real thing.


Oh shit. It was a jenky moment. Oh shit. New discoverables in real time. Not you discovering how the fuck you feel in real time with your best friend on the phone. That's a crock of shit. And listen, they say I ain't the best friend in the world either, so take it all with a grain of salt. But I, I don't, I don't feel like it was your place. While your friend is saying good news to figure shit out in real time, it ain't real time time. There's some people that Go hang up the phone, put the gadgets down. It's okay to not have electronics in your fucking head. Sit down in the corner and figure out a fuck.


You feel like we tell the kids to do when they bad at school. What is, what adults running around and saying this type of stupid shit and B Simone done did this. She done said a bunch of stupid shit. This one take the fucking Cake. I'm not familiar. There is some people that when you call them with sad news and misery, they're all fucking ears. But then when you call them with good news, yes, they're like a word. Damn word I gotta go Wash. Oh congrats. I Gotta go wash the fish out The fish tank. Yeah. Oh yeah, exactly. Like I got shit to do. So yeah, but good on you and then hang up. Like that's exactly what that sounds like. And you're right, it it seems mature it does. To have that kind of conversation Before we get to, I said it before we get to ish being right.


I want to come back in with venom for her. Knock yourself out The offensive part of because me and we niggas and Mel, but niggas understand that the concept of hey, if the bottle cost two grand nigga and we ain't got it, then I got five and you got five. We do it together. I'm not sleeping on that. There's a a, there is a, there's a certain expected behavior when We on those terms and the girl best friend just finished saying, girl, my car was repossessed. I was fucked up, fucked up. I didn't have food, I didn't have money. I watched you take care of bitches.


I was on the WIC line. You don't get to turn around and say I want to succeed together with my friends bitches be in a state of D Lulu and can't nobody say it because they got pussies. Yo. It sound like more than that. I think it's, that's where I want you at. No, that's a narcissistic. I like, I there's some narcissistic shit that if I gave it to, I'm sorry if if if I, if you succeed, It's Through me. Yes. That's what it sound like she wants. Yes. Very controlling and manipulative. So I don't Like the fact that you went out there and got it on your own and now I can't hold that over your Head because I be clear, I've never seen this new best friend. I've seen the old best friend and I've seen be Simone for years. This is my very first time seeing her.


Which mean you ain't tried too hard to put a spotlight on this girl. Which more so You was cooking. You was cooking. Which leads to the next clip if we done here. I I wanna give it a chance to think. We gotta say No, no. I I I just think that It is, It is some underlying shit in there and I appreciate the fact that she called the girl back and said, yo, I hate the way I'm feeling right now after you gave me good news. You Like that? See I Don't even like listen, I don't like, I think it's mature. I think like she should have not called the girl right back. I think she should have sat in her own self-reflection and processed what she was going through while you don't feel good for your friend. I remember when o was opening the restaurant, I was happy for I'm calling yo, make sure you do this nigga, make sure you do that. Yo, we having long conversations with my friends when they embark on new shit, I be happy for them.


Everybody don't be happy unless they gave, they loaned you the money for That's right. Unless they made it happen for you or they spoke to such and such and got you the plug. Everybody don't necessarily be unhappy but everybody don't be happy and when you start having that narcissism shit going on, motherfuckers will be like yo damn you got it without me. That's why she like yo, I like when we do it together. Yeah. In my opinion that's code word for I would've preferred to do it for you and been a responsibility for you. A lot of motherfuckers Bitch, a lot of motherfuckers feed Off. A lot of people feed off Of hearing that Phrase. Yo, if it wasn't for you I couldn't have did It. Oh, that's what she wants. That's what it sounds like. She wanna be able to hear Phrase.


A lot of people want to feel needed. Yes. Narcissists especially Like just needed. Yeah. But when I'm saying is that when you in a position like you just said I a hundred percent, when you're in a position and a person feel like they need you, they can't move. They come to you for every decision that makes them feel superior. Superiority is something that we all suffer a lot of people suffer from. This is back to ICE's female best friend point because everything y'all are saying is true. A lot of people need this. A lot of people do that. A lot of people do that. All that's true. This conversation is about what best friends do. It is a little different from a lot of people.


And if you move like this then don't run around calling me your fucking best friend. If you just sitting around waiting for your dog. This is the some of the nastiest shit I ever heard and I'm the guy that they killed for saying I don't owe friends respect. But this right here. Nah, that's bad. This Isn't best friends, this is bad. Like, and lemme tell you this, lemme tell you this, you Can't be best friends and I and you homeless. I would Like that part dog. And I don't know that you homeless, we not best friends. That's one. And the girl's sitting there looking at her like, yo bitch, you knew I was homeless, you knew I was broke. Got you knew. I didn not my car repo. I didn't have nothing. My nigga just left me. You knew all of this stuff and I watched you C take other people. She's saying that, I don't know if they had this talk prior too, but she's telling her also, listen Jesus, I'm all for us winning together.


Jesus please hold up now. Please be clear. And even if it's not winning together, I'm with us having a good time together. I'm with us going to rent all the hotel rooms on the top floor of the motherfucking DoubleTree. Say I, I I, well maybe back in the day but I mean, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm with us having a good time. A clique crew conglomerate and a team and even winning together doing that period slash I'm also good with Ish going to get 5,000 doors on his own. I'm also good with flip going to fucking clef house for the whole month. Nigga, him and Menis all shouldn't be doing.


I'm good with male pod. Yo everybody ain't supposed to be there for every fucking thing. They don't change the friendship. They don't change the friendship. If freeze go cut a big deal tomorrow. I'm not about to guilt trip him. I'm not about to use my friendship equity to make him feel bad. Then he doing something without me while I don't have clothes for fucking Bloomingdale's or wherever the fuck she can't shop at no more. Stop it. Yo. Stop it. And because she's saying words like convicted and real time, she act like she's saying something substantive. Shut the fuck up B Simone. It is a couple people that just need to get off the internet for a while. We had a vacation and break from Chaw. She back now you gotta avoid her be Simone is another one though.


Oh she popular like That. Yeah, she's pretty popular. She's pretty popular. Yeah, she is. And when she not being stupid, she's well liked, so don't take my rant as But she been stupid a lot. It is like when the Tiffany Haddish moment started to started to add up. Like she been stupid for a little while though. And we love her so we want to handle her better than this. But be Simone, you sound fucking nuts. I can't lie to you. I can't lie to you. Jesus. I won't ho up the floor with this. No, you pretty much say that. And she misuses the word convicted. That's so far. Y'all had to look it up. I just looked it up twice. Is that what she said? That what she I'm it's She misuse. I'm the Miriam. She misuses The word. Yeah, she does.


I thought I'm like, what she mean to say conflicted. Like what was she saying? I think that that's actually it. That's what I thought she was. I think she said she means Conflicted. I think she meant convicted. I I think she was trying to say I tried my best to sit with my own feelings and not call you back, but it hit me and my soul. I had to call you. I don't know if that's the right use Didn didn't Conviction, but the convicted, convicted is not that. Got it. A lot of, I mean I know we use dictionary a lot, but we should. But you know, I, there's A, there's No no, but sometimes language emerges differently. And in the Christian community that's a, that's a word. That's that they're starting. I see used a lot now I'm, I was so convicted and it's starting to become a new, a new kind of way of saying it's to say I had conviction.


Conviction. Yeah. It's, it's, and you'll probably see it in a dictionary in a year or two. You Muslim nigga, you Muslim. I hang with people I hang with, I hang with everybody man. I'm like you bro. Man, bro, man walls, yo. Nah, I play the next clip, bro. Oh yeah, keep going. I like to hear it. Here it go. It's my finances, like the budgeting. You see how I am nitpicking every little thing? Never like that. I've never been like that. We were in bull know yesterday because Yout help shorty when she was living in her car. Ain't the right thing. Karma coming around and bite you legs Rewind. You gotta hear this.


She, My finances like the budgeting. You see how I am nitpicking every little thing. I've never like that. I've never been like that. We were in Bloomingdale's yesterday. I'm like, we have to go to H Oh My God. The heart. And I know Now just nitpicking and it's not even, I just don't have it like to spend the liquid. Yeah. I'm used to having liquid. I'm used to seeing a certain amount in my account. But you're Itch and Corey can relate to that. Yeah. They like yeah too. Alright. I feel like I've hogged up the floor a little bit. So I leave this clip for YII would just like to say that h and m is fucking great.


I I I don't care how much money I have, I'm going to still shop in h and m. I really like that store. Are you not? Yes I am. Actually am Ain't Charlamagne. No you're not. Yes I am. Okay, You got it. I can shop in luxury stores. I like to shop in h and m. It's easier a lot of times it's just easier. I like h and m clothes. It's just like she's making this distinction between Bloomingdale's and h and m. There's not much You shop in h and m, Huh? Yes. Anyways, you said It's not that much of a distinction. No, It is not. It it's not like you're talking about fucking Bergdorfs in h and m. That's not what she's even saying. She Said Bloomingdale's.


Bloomingdale Does. It Depends. Does that's that New York, New Jersey shit though, like in most cities Bloomingdale's ain't fly like that. Got it. It's very much Bloomingdale's. It's much like Macy's. Bloomingdale's is not Macy's. No, I said in a lot of cities It is not up here up here. Bloomingdale's, some other shit. We on Orlando, Bloomingdale's His ass. That's what I'm Saying. We exactly, we have the flagship at 59th Street. That's a big fucking deal everywhere else. Bloomingdale's, like you said, like fucking Macy's. It's not that big big deal. It ain't special, but it's just like Macy's watch out about Macy's For her to be sitting, but for her to be sitting There watch up about Macy's. That's what I wait Macy's bad. But again, again, like None of It is bad. Macy's, Harald Square, different than Macy's in Atlanta or Macy's and Phil, I'm trying to tell you all that shit should, here's The thing is none of It is bad. And in the same interview in which her friend is saying, I'm serious, I pulled myself out of the fucking mud homelessness car, repoed wick line, all the things.


She has the audacity to sit up there, start and like crying about I'm not liquid anymore. I have to go from Bloomingdale's agent. She sounds she is so crazy fucking tone deaf. When did this happen to Hold On. What What? You don't wanna have an honest job. I mean he could be a, a hustling Entrepreneur. So you want him to be a you want CEO status? Yes. Okay. He can't, he can't. He can't. He can't clock in and clock out. Damn. Should Date entrepreneurs. She says she won't date a man that got a nine to five Really good. Sound like she need to get a nine to five. But even if y'all let the Clip in, please. But no, you're not gonna understand my lifestyle. You're Gonna not gonna understand why I'm up at 3:00 AM Damn you making this Mark And you okay.


All right. You know he has to be an entrepreneur, a business owner. He getting one of them stimulus packages from Donald Trump, one of the small business loans and he ain't buying jewelry with it or moving into that direction. Alright. The clip was longer than that. I got another clip. But it's fine. It's not that anything is wrong with h and m Mel. No, I it's that these previous positions exist, so they're killing her. And I totally understand that. But also I'm talking about th during the course of this interview, she is just so ridiculously tone deaf. And my question is, when did she get this way? Like, like D Lulu's the fucking word her. She has lost a grip on reality. Especially where we are right now, economically as a whole fucked up this inter she sounds insane.


You don't think most people that are financially up are insane? No. When they, when they think about money and when they think about the state of the economy, most of those people lose touch. She shouldn't have lost touch because your best friend, quote unquote, she's, they said their best friend was sleeping in the car or lost their car or whatever the case may be. So she shouldn't have lost touch. But I think that when people get a certain amount of money and a certain amount of stuff, it's a separation. Mean. We see it in politics, we see it in everything. There's a separation of motherfuckers that are rich and poor Ish Mentally. But we're Not. We gotta start, we got I don't think it should be.


I'm saying there, there, there is. It's Just I don't, and I don't think that every single person who, you know, gains a certain amount of, you know, economic prosperity loses touch with the, with reality. I, I don't believe that. Lemme ask question. I think that the, I think that people have eyes, ears, and common sense to understand how to read a fucking room. I'm not disagreeing so I'm gonna ask you a question. I promise you It is not a gotcha moment. It's none of that. This is the same sentiment that when we say we won't date the bus driver that makes $150 million, I mean $150,000. Some people look at you like you have a disconnect on what the real world is going through. Because in the real world one 50, you at the top 10% of the United States of America.


So for that to not be enough, there's a disconnect that a lot of people are going through in today's society. I that was the whole Xerox CEO bus driver fucking conversation. I have no problems with a man who makes $150,000 a year. My own, if we're gonna use me as an example. No, please, no. Okay. Okay. I was using that as an example that I, in my opinion, those people that feel like that are delusional and outta touch. You know what I'm saying? So I'm saying her Be Simone has been accused of being a scammer for the last four years. Lemme just throw some context. I don't know her. I know you don't know. That's why I'm just throwing context out here. Okay, be Simone. They got her fucking, You said I'm a scammer too, nigga clunky With this phone.


But you stopped. I've never scammed in my life. You have a lot of polo for less than polo prices. Is that true or not? No, it's not true. Oh, that's a lie. All right. Forget it then. You lying now. But forget that you have man polo that you played paid the the price for 2019 Years old. I still got you. And you I knew where at the same time. No, he still has them. I still wear the same. He brag all the time and say y'all got polo years I ever been in my life. I still got this. I still wear the same size. You still got them. You still holding on to hope you quit sugar trying to squeeze back into some 89 polo nigga. You Definitely got the same shorts. Yeah. Fuck is you fooling Them. Shorts is from 80, shorts Is definitely, look, 89 we used 18. Fuck is you talking About? B Simone has been accused of every scam in the book.


So I mean if y'all want to say, hey, she's lost touch with reality. I don't, I I think that's scammer privilege then could be, Could Be. Hey, just because them numbers is busting, just 'cause them numbers is busting. This month don't mean next month about to get lit. Right. Facts. Well it's not. And to that point, that's true. Everybody Ain't Doing 900. No, but to that point On a natty, if you're And I blame her and creators, let me just add to this and then I'm gonna allow you to run what he said. Go, go, go. And I blame her and creators. I have it written down. I forgot where, where I came up. Just perusing the internet. We've all made it sound, I've said this before, just way we made it sound like It is mad easy to just collect millions of dollars. Yes.


You can just sit there and the shit just come in every month. That's Every month. I feel like that's the just flow in thing And Nigga easy 50,000 subscribers. That shit ain't easy. Tell 'em that's a hit the button that is ain't hit. What? Yeah, We on the fuck y'all talking about 50,000 subscribers Tweet that shit Instagram, that shit. Yeah It is. None of It is easy though. It is not. None of It is easy. No. So Gotta Short. A lot of people, niggas get on. You got a lot of angry workers for that shit. Tell them miss, we ain't side the shit.


S That's funny. Well I'll, I'll, I'll, I'm Gonna pick up where you left off. I'm gonna pick where you, you left off. Thank you system. Okay. If we got you locked in at least right? Yeah. You got me fucking locked in. I'm pissed now after I saw that fucking screenshot that you really I was God damnit. Why? Well that would've changed though. It would've changed a lot. That What would changed? Changed. Changed a lot. Same thing. Please tell me what I want to hear. What would it have changed? A conversation. I'm still trying to Conversation. I'm still trying to make a point. I'm Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm still trying to make a point over here Nigga. Change shit nigga. Who the fuck y'all talking to? Nigga? Yeah nigga it change your Yeah, no it don't locked it shut. No I'm not.


We're doing what they need. Scary as we got two hours to decide. You right, You right. My job was in danger. That permanent marker. And you Know what's so, you know what's so funny? He'll respond to that because as he Said that and you repeated what he said, Mel was trying to make a point. Oh Yeah, I'll stop. Don't don't talk over Bell. I'll stop Me too Toot. Talk over about It's, it's a very short point. Chill JBP Flip if you have existed. Oh shit. If you have existed in the entertainment business, you know this. It goes from feast, famine, feast, famine, feast, famine.


She knows this. So that's, We on The famine part next time. But she Saying she a entrepreneur. She, she says Nigga as an entrepreneur you understand that it can be, it can undulate like fucking crazy. That's correct. No, that's correct. So she her for her to be so tone deaf is wild to me because your reality is dictated upon. I I I don't know, just whatever. This goes back to my, the way The wind fucking Blows. This goes back to my delusion point. You think the people in entertainment or sports or any of that other shit, even though you watch mad athletes go broke when these niggas be out here blowing money and doing all this wild shit, you think that they think they could potentially be one of them? No, no You're Right. Because they would, they would move differently. So that that, you get what I'm saying?


Like It is the, It is delusion. I'm just, I'm just Where be Simone from again because I never knew that. I don know. Is it la is it Atlanta? It is Atlanta. Be Simone. You just better hope Zion get traded over there where you at? Even you could take him from Mariah Mills. All this shit you talking about It is ain't she from Dallas? That Zion going over there. You in Dallas and Kent get none of them nigga lively or none of them Shit. I Don't know where she at now, but that's where she's from. Oh okay. Well listen, she have to be Simone Thoughts of Pierce not a friend. I wasn't what a horrible bitch friend. That was nasty. That was terrible. Yeah, That was terrible. It was terrible.


Do y'all wanna talk about Fanatics Fest? I wasn't there but all weekend in New York when it was 90, 95, a hundred degrees. Boy y'all kept texting me like I wanted to see some of you. Y'all was texting me like I was a extrovert as if I would get dressed from my humble of bold and make my way to Jacob jts without them giving me the celebrity entrance. So that means I'm coming through now the normal front door with all Timmy and all these white boys. Hell no. I wasn't going to no damn fanatics fest. Are you Crazy? Y'all got no, no Celebrity do Tim. Yes they do. But You gotta, you gotta, Are you a part of the event? Yeah. Are you working the event?


Do you have a fan fanatics relationship? I do not. He's right and I run my business independent, which means all of the business people I know that I'm fly with, they ain't trying to help me. You gotta cut these niggas in and I ain't, We know you ain't cutting nobody in. I keep saying myself. Patreon, Patoni, all that shit. Another P word. If y'all look closely at that little thing that they put out, the numbers was down. No, it was up. No, that arrow was down. But I mean it don't matter right? It don't, it don't matter. It was up. It was up. No, look at it.


Imani saying it up. It was, it was up. Oh y'all don't know what down. I forget it. We on the triangles, we know the triangle. Fucking We still Support You. We support you. Thank you. Come on yo. Yeah, Locked you in boy. Anyway, listen, what we talking about Jacob Jab? I don, I don't know what happened down there. Jacob Javis. I didn't go Sean. They did the 40 40 shit over again. Yes. That's always fly. That's dope. It was a lot of money. Over a billion dollars over way more than a billion dollars running around out there. A lot of money. I'll, I'll read what Friday was like. Okay, did you Go? No I didn't. I had, I was working the theater presented by Meta had Peyton Manning, Eli Manning, Caleb Williams, Bryce Young and CJ Stroud.


And then that was in 10 30 in the morning. Then Derek Jeter, Alex Rodriguez, spike Lee and more followed by Tom Brady. Travis Scott, Michael Rubin. Yep. Followed by Kevin Costner and Michael Strahan followed by Sun Lee. Alright, we got it. We got it. So it Was reading us the damn itinerary. Okay. It was a lot. It Was a lot. A billion. All billion. It is a bunch of lot Was bunch a bunch of billions. Crazy nigga Ericsson, I'm sending you this clip so you could add it in our video. It looked Dope. I saw Zaire. Yes. Isaiah took a picture with Emery and Jay and, and a couple of the homies from out here 'cause Fanatics sponsored the Car.


It's up with him too. Nigga don't include me in those Aire talk nigga. It is up with him too now. Okay. He took the picture with Ho magically didn't swing by the pod that day. I seen him the Night before too. He was, he was contemplating Still didn't come by the pod right? Yeah It is the first time Tia's been in New Jersey and just didn't check the pod. That's crazy. It's fake smoke. I'm done. Yo. I was just about to say yo, you ain't started going up for you. Ain't no athlete Sean Bradley. Man, Shit. Sean Bradley had a good career. I don't care what Right. Sean Bradley averages wasn't as bad. And listen, he was good in Dallas. And what was his last, his average, what was his last contract? His averages wasn't as bad as they made it out to be. No, he was a rebounding machine. A block shot machine.


His career averages. I'm saying yeah that. That's it. He wasn't child desire. I'm just wasn't Bradley worst Sean Listen, LeBron James and my fellow black men out there ice this segment is no shade to you. LeBron James in his beard, in his beard died. Have y'all taken a good look at LeBron James' Beard? I knew something looks strange. I didn. No I didn't. I did. I know when the bald spot disappeared. What's Wrong with his beard? Shit was happening up there. He got the wrong beard dying and it's like it's is back to the fucking shoe pond. Black shoe.


Duh. And we and you 40. So something on you is gray pause. He was out there with y'all. We don't do that. I don know what you're talking about Philly. Oh don't disrespect Philly. LeBron James has a gray hair somewhere. I didn don't understand when niggas turn 40 that they just die the whole shit and keep it that that way. I just don't understand that. I don't understand, especially when the salt and pepper shit is is in like I don't get it. He looks a mess and I feel like because he is worth all the money, ain't anybody gonna say, Hey big dog, can you stop putting a shoe polish on your, on your face. Yeah, He looks nuts. But that's fine. Y'all cool with it? I'm cool with it.


Kai Sinat. It's my man. Alright. Easy. You know we, we love him up here. Easy. You just did the Kai Sinat soliloquy where you We love Streamer University. I don't have nothing bad to say. I just got cool with some of the streamers. They did the, they did the streamer prom. Yes. And the news today said that Kai may be doing another one of these pop-up events in New York City. Yes. Seems like he's talking to the mayor in proper channels. Oh they gonna do it the right way to do this. The right way now. Yes. Yes. Shout out to him. He's doing that stuff like how Dreamville do it. What is that call it festival.


He's doing his own festival a a streaming festival. What I will say though, because I'm compelled to say it, he was advertising his stream with LeBron, which we know is going to break the internet. So I saw some clips. So when he saw LeBron, he ded him. You know Kai used to dance, he danced at the Nicki Minaj art tour. He's a dancer. When he saw LeBron, he dap him. Did a split, bounced back up in the air and did another split look like this?


Oh no here look That was a like full split. That looked more like on his knee A back. He did? Yeah. It is not really a all What was that nigga? Watch what's wrong with that? I don Y'all you want that deal? Bad all go a p flip. Yo. He won that Deal. He said what's wrong with that? He showed me I'm not playing with Him. We ain't about to play with him up here. 'cause I love him too. I know you do. I do too. But we got, if we called out MOOC's shoe closet, Yo Nah, we Pieced it up.


I'm just saying We You called it out. Not we. The word you said It. Woo know I love him. Don't listen to what they say about what I say about you up here. How about don't say it. Yeah, don't say it about him. Go ahead. You go. We have to call Kai sin knot out for doing. What do you think is double split Dap S not is true. I never even seen The double split dap In our day. We laughed at niggas stomping into the dap. Like that was extra like nigga why you stepping into the dapp like that? The double Split Dap. I don't care if you young my nigga. This is flagrant. It's performative. COE. You can't perform like this Coe if the next time I see wouldn't you be shocked that I knew how to do a split Me?


No. Yes, That will kind of track. Fuck you. I'll be shocked. That's funny. Yeah. You still flexible enough? If the next time just cross your legs. I don't know. You might got it in. You Don't tell niggas I flexible in Crazy. I just don't think any of y'all would allow me to dap y'all up and then do a double split In front of you. Do you 25? No wait you Think because he's 23 he should be able to do a double split Dap. When you talking to the 40-year-old arguably greatest basketball player in the world. He's sitting down. He's sitting down taller than you still. You walk up to him and do the Nah, no you would've never did that your whole life ever. I would never do. Don't, I wouldn't do content over everything in my whole life.


But see, and this is why Tyler, the creator wants niggas to stop doing podcasts because of course he wouldn't do that. But he'd get on his mic and say, oh ain't nothing wrong with doing a diet a SP Split Joe. I wouldn't do a lot of things that other people do. That just makes me me. And, and It is age appropriate. He's having fun. He see LeBron James. This is man, he's having LeBron James. What up? It is just Hype. It is our job. He's entertaining. He's entertaining the people that's watching. It is cool man. You can't tell him no Joe. He's generating hundreds of millions of dollars with these antics. This is like last year at the fanatic test when Josh Hart and Jalen Brunson was sitting in the chairs and I, I show speed, got up there, climbed on top of the Josh Hart chair and tried to do a back flip with his dick in front of Josh.


Heart face. Somebody has to tell these kids where the boundary is is all I'm Saying. No. Who telling them the bank? Hmm? I'm laughing straight to the Bank. Didn't we just read the Niggas? How much money? Oh no. Yeah, he's outta here. He's gone. All both of 'em. He's gone already? No, all them niggas. No. No crew. How about somebody gotta pay one of y'all to do a double split dap? I can't do a split. So not Gonna do that To try How much? What time I have to pay you for the attempt? No, 900. It's it's a number. Definitely there's a number. Yo. That's my Number. There's the number. What's your number? Is it, did they walk up to LeBron and do the double?


No to walk up to anybody. I point to an Acme and do do a double. Anybody. Oh what's the number? What's the number, number? What is it? Or ballpark. Don't lie. Neither it and tell me. Gimme a scenario. Jordan act me. He points to somebody. Act me. Go Nigga say yo go on the freezer aisle. No, not LeBron. LeBron. No, no. Just Joe With the freezer aisle. Dude know what? It ain't even that much LA Rom nigga. Dude, it ain't That much nigga talking about how much Five figures I do it five Lower High. That's not true ish. You're lying right now. He Would. It's 10 grand. It would be cheaper, not 10. It would be cheaper for the person. Ask Me figure, you know like Yes he would. 50 I walk right over that nigga niggas lie. He for 10.


I wouldn't do it for 10 for 50. You. It might not even take 50. You 500 i 25 ice cream sandwiches. I walk done. How many splits you want? I could tape it two. Yes. I'm nigga you sold more than that and I didn get a dollar The nigga hit the button door open, hit the button. There we go. The fireman is in the building. Nigga as the secure here. Look at you talking about nigga Be right over there. He he, He's on fire. Crazy razzle dazzle. Look at this nigga Sha boom. Look. Look you confused.


Yeah nigga, We on your ass boy. Yeah man. So if Costaatt could generate millions off of doing that nigga, nigga do A nigga. Yeah my Man gonna do it. Yeah. You know what's funny about the Compton game? Maybe not 25 but 20 grand. I think niggas will make it back if they just film him doing a double dap Split And acting. I think nigga where goes, I promise you I think niggas will make it back. Look where his brain goes. Y'all got content fucked up out here bro. No I don't. Anything Is content But hold on. He got, he can't split so is a temp split. He's never gonna be able to split s not didn't split. He said just try just to try alone.


Did it the attempt when His leg heel up Would gross. Stupid catch doing a cart. Do a cartwheel into the split. There you go. Right there. That's all you know I can flip right? I was a Were were You? Shit I wouldn't care what I was a little nigga flipping on mats like everybody else in the hood. You could. So you think you can still do that? I'm gonna put some big dick ass nigga right at the end of the You right at the end of the see No, You gonna be dressed. Wait, you said Your foot was flipping? You can still do flips. Yeah. Okay. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's clarify what he means by that.


You flipping ass nigga. You flipping pancakes. He ain't doing no flip houses nigga. That's that's all doing A back flip. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Hold on a second. Here. Wait. On What? What do you, what are you on? Right nigga don't say write nothing on. You cannot do it. You tore your alphabets up trying to do a dribble drive. You telling me you could do a back flip off the mattress in the hood? How Much money should we put on this mattress? Just clean. Just on the ground up. The, how much money should we put on this Ish? I don't doubt there was the time you could do that. But in my forties nigga, I flipped in my forties. So when you leg heal, will you be able to do it? They talk to you about NI got 10. Oh I put 10,000 on it.


Oh, Easy. Let's bet it ish. Don't do that. Do Not take no do not take this. I Don Don't, don't have to do Fucking goodness. He's gonna fucking, he's gonna die. Oh shit. Hey don't let, Hey Joe, don't let him do it now I get it. Don't let him do it. Here. Put this on my YouTube. I i'ma get it all back. This be come to night school special edition. Yo. Hey physical education. It started an activity Show.


I'm gonna get it all back. Yo you stupid yo, nigga, you dead ass just made that bad. Y'all stupid. You telling me you can just go jump stand up and do a back flip Mark. You Said it like you some old bio. Yes, I know people can Do it. I'm not saying it like I'm any of that. Fix your mic. I'm saying it like I was, it could flip nigga. Alright, two things. PrizePicks. I'm calling y'all later this week and Ian block out the numbers on that, On the activity Please. It is my best Go on my channel. I'm telling y'all this. I'm taking less on the back. I'm taking less nigga. It is stupid bro. What? This Nigga said he gonna do a better Won't wait window till I could get It.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure, for sure. Lemme just lemme bargo for 24 hours. I need 24 hours. He 24 hours. I Just need 24 hours rest. It is just such a star. I think we both going This nigga. Does anybody in this room think ish can is gonna be able to do a back flip? No. No. Not Today. Not today ish. No, I don't care. I don you can't ish. When is this happening? Yo, because your foot supposed to be held up in the summer. We in the summer in September. It is September. Okay. Because we do September Supposed to. Yo, Why is it so tough for us to recognize that we talk about ego all the time? No, I, I'm not disagreeing with you. If you would've said another activity, I would've agree with you wholeheartedly. Y'all think a back, have you, has anybody ever done a back flip?


Yes. Yeah. Me. How? No. Nigga, I'm clumps. I can't walk at you coming, you did a back flip before? Yes. What kind of back flip now? Freeze lying Round into back. Flip a round over into a back flip. Tyler was right. Tyler was right for sure. Tyler, do you think you could do a back flip today? No. No. You didn't do a back flip, didn't there? I did do a back flip. So You say if you do a back flip, you can do it for the rest of your life. It ain't riding a bike, nigga. That is sim It's similar. No's not there's something weight, gravity come to play. That's I'm, bro, I've, I've flipped. Not too long ago, I flipped in my forties. I don't even think you could do full cartwheel. How long, how many years ago? Six. How much? 40 something? Probably two 20. Two 30.


What's your, what's your song that you need played at? I meant at a funeral Highway To heaven. To heaven. Play bus rhyme. Break your neck. Crazy. Knock yourself out. Don't do that man. You my man Ish. Y niggas is Nuts. Which one of your buildings you want the memorial at? None of them. I'm about to say. I, I'm bringing flowers, man. We'll do that. Okay. So, and, and a, a picture of you flipping right at the memorial. The east was a good man selling shirts, Mr. Ish. This nigga said Somehow they blame me if His crap, They Would blame the shit outta me.


I tried to talk him out of it. I don't wanna hear that shit. I Don't want 'em to even try it. Man. I feel Bad for guilty. The finger roll had him fucked up. I don't know what the fuck he talking about. The nigga was In traction off a dribble drive. We took a back flip Two. Totally. It's all right. I will see. I just can't believe he said 10 K to you. Like Right. That might make me think he know how he, he could do it. We Talking about that makes me think that bet's never gonna happen. That's what I think. His leg is always gonna be healing. That part It's True. Is September okay? Can we do it September? You, you tore your Achilles before? Yeah. Did you heal up in six months? No. About nine. Nigga, you still limping now? I'm talking about nine. Okay, that's fair. I mean, but I still say it's healed. But you, you no, It is healed now.


You can. How about December? You, you, you, you tell me whenever you ready to do the back flip. Definitely this shit, bro. It is taking candy from a baby. What s not taking candy? Bitch, Be careful Man. I'm worried about you love as, as the water back for me Dur on grass at least. Oh. Same as, that's the same as the water bat for me. What are you doing it on now? Ain't wanna throw the water back. It is Nigga. That's the water bed. That's how Short I am. It has to be on grass because if he does it on something bouncy then that gives no You gonna Let Cement? No, not cement. He here The balcony do cement. Grass. Grass. Grass is grass Is grass. Grass is okay. It's just grass gives you extra cushion. You gonna do a cement like we used to do around the way do the asphalt.


Anything but grass parking Lot front? Yeah. Parking lot. Parking lot. Right out front. Oh God. He's Where's the local hospital? How far is it? It's Down the street. Perfect. But that hospital is not That good. That's not true. Not No more. That ain't true. They got bought out. They got bought out. Oh, okay. All right. Okay. It used to be cock Shit. S good before they got bought out. No, it wasn't Shit. Shit was pissy hallway projects. It says, says you little Virginia privileged baby. No, it says other Niggas in New Jersey. That's a good hospital. No it wasn't Pissy hallways, Trash. Alright. It is all now. Every time I left I live and they would be all right. Now they got all the money in the world Hackensack now. Yeah, It is Hackensack. Yeah. Once all Mergers started happening. So what, Anyway, Speaking of injuries, man, I, I was broken hearted to See a thousand percent Tyrese.


Hallberg. I had a whole party cook out in the backyard. All that shit. The projector. It was hard to watch. They stuck with it for a little bit, but It was hard. It was hard to watch. Middle third quarter was the game. The Lu killed them. They even played well in the fourth. Too many turnovers. They played well in the fourth. They did. I'm gonna say this and I might get killed. They ain't really want Indiana to win. Who? I don't think the NBA wanted them to win. You think they tampered it? His Achilles. Yo, it's hard to go on a run when you losing it. You gotta get stops. Yeah. A nigga, they cut either it was a foul or KC score. There Was a lot of t nine minutes to only score. It was foul or score a foul or score. Like you, you can't come back if you can't put together defensive stops.


And they was giving shaa. If he made it, it was cool. If he missed it, they was definitely gonna follow foul. You can't get into a real, I don't think it was the league. I mean, I just think when your, your most dynamic score is gone, you can make that up for a quarter or two. And TJ McConnell bringing the ball up and be in the primary. I mean he was there like nine minutes where he was the only one scoring. He only the only person they need war from. AKA. And they need war from AKA. And they were trapping TJ and no one else was bringing the ball up. It was, it was a rough way to go. But the thing I liked about Halliburton, this thing I respect, it's same thing for kd. They went into that game knowing that playing could cost them, their Achilles could Potentially cost it costing You Achilles cost you a season. True. And they, I wanna win this championship so bad. I'm willing to lose a year of my life. Like we joking about you, but like if you went into that basketball game saying if I if we beat Joe, I lose my Achilles for a year, we'd been like, fuck off.


I ain't doing nothing. Right. Yeah. And I know money's at stake. It's also No, he still, he Still did that shit. That's true. To beat you maybe. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. But when you start talking about it wasn't money for him. 'cause the money's guaranteed. It is. I wanna win a championship so Bad. And that should we critique athletes for nowadays especially is that they're all money driven. Yeah. He wasn't money driven In this instance, they said that game six, he wasn't really supposed to play. No. Mm. And so he, when they started blowing him out, it was, it was like graceful. He get a 'cause he could sit out the rest of game six, game seven. Like to Mark's point, he went into it knowing yo dog, your shit is mad tender. You risking it. And he still went out there and tried to give it his all. It's commendable today. Especially. Yeah. And they, he's gonna lose a Year. He gonna use a oh shit year And B a needs to think about, and some other people have said this, some experts have talked about this and there's a lot of Achilles acl l tears and, and it's, they're saying a lot of it has to do with the pace of the game now and, and the commitment to scoring so many points.


I mean, you, you talking about Jason Tatum, you're talking about Halliburton, you know, and then you got Kyrie with the ACL LI think there were four or five Achilles tears this year on top of three or four ACL tears. That's that's crazy. In the league. We don't usually see the men. The Bassers went with three, went through three of them alone. James Wiseman earlier. Really? Yeah. It was another one of their bench players that Achilles and the top. This was their third. I didn't even know Wiseman played for them. Me Neither. That Would've been nice to have him near. That would've been nice. Yeah. That Would've been a problem. Since we talking hoops, the KD trade. Can we talk Well, Well slow down. Sorry. That's interesting. Y'all didn't say anything about the champions. This is the most Yeah.


Y'all haven't said a word. No. That that, that's a great point. I mean for me it doesn't even seem real. I'm just not used to champions being this young, this small market, this uninteresting. Shout out to OKC. They played a great year, great season. SJ had one of the greatest seasons probably in NBA history. If you think about scoring leader for a Very long time. MVP Finals. MVP, Western Conference, mvp, champion, champion. I mean like you, you can't ask for a better season. Some Michael Jordan shit. Yeah. Some Michael Jordan shit. And it, it shout out To him even better than that. 'cause some of this shit didn't, wasn't didn't, didn't exist. Didn't exist. Like Western Conference. MVPI mean it's amazing. This is the second youngest team I think in to win a championship. I knows Portland. Portland in the seventies In 77 Yeah. Was the youngest. And Rachel Nichols was in the locker room.


And one of the things she talked about was like how many, one of the things she talked about was how many unopened champagne. They didn't even know how to open a champagne bottle. Yeah. Oh wow. Only eight bottles were used. None of the beer was, was consumed. One of 'em guys called it Michelob. 'cause they didn't even know what Michelob was. You know they needed Alex Caruso Yeah. To open the champagne. Yeah, Exactly. Oh yeah. He was a champion before. And, and he's he's old white guy and he's, he didn't have some beer. I respect the Lakers bubble championship. I don't want be Me too. No, I'm just Saying he was a champion. But, but It is just mad interesting to see. I mean, and when they asked the owners like, yeah, these guys don't even own enough to drink half of them. You know what I mean? Like that's not so, I mean it's, or They just so caught up in being basketball players that drinking don't even be a part of they life. Right.


It's not even just basketball players. Like there was a, a stat that went out. Like the younger crew ain't drinking that much. That's a fact. Right. They smoke a lot more weed. Yeah. Where weed Shit like that and all that shit that more people smoking weed than drinking and they seeing gang, the risks. Nah. And they seeing the, the, the liver risk, all that type of shit. People got more information. Niggas ain't fucking with liquor like that no more. Like, yo, The Shorty son eat real good. What? Huh? The shorty Oh, Oh, her son. He eat everything. Like These little Niggas beat. He eat everything Devoted now. Like yo, some of these young athlete kids are devoted. Oh no. It's a lot of money in that to their, their craft. They need a nutritionist. Yeah.


Depending on what their goal is. Depends on what their diet should look like. He's absolutely right because Trainer running in swimming pools doing all type of esoteric is, I'm not yelling my nigga, that shit make me tired. Just watching them bounce theyself on a ball. The back flip though, you Mean asymmetric, right? Exactly. Isometrics right. Yeah. That shit is nuts. What I say isoteric. Oh, pardon me. Oh, we weren't clowning that part. We were clowning we were back to the back flip. Yeah. Yeah. We was there. I didn't even, lemme Also remind people that Sam Presty got this done. Like Mark said, this is the youngest or second youngest team to ever do it.


They have their draft pick from last year, I forget his name. He was a very high draft pick who many people said was a top five pick. He's coming back next year. They also have the 10th pick. Wait, let me read it. I Think they just traded It right? Let me read it. Let me read it. The thunder have the 15th pick from Miami, the 24th pick from the Clippers and the 44th pick. And this draft. They also still have most of their draft assets, which is more than most of the league. Think About this. They're like a young Boston used when they had the elite picks. They trade hated giddy. Giddy was there, they traded him. And that nigga's a, a borderline star.


Like they're stacked, they're deep as fuck. Like they stacked. Let me, let me ask a OKC respect question, right? Because there are people who say, I don't, this isn't my position, but there are people who say Steph got injured and Not doing that To Tatum is out. Well no, Kyrie is let no, let's just stay in the West. Yeah. Aaron Gordon. Yep. Everybody they played did have a major injury. I don't like doing that. I feel like injuries are a part of the game. Right. And Aaron Gordon didn't get hurt till late. Aaron Gordon was balling in that, that Series. Oh, Michael Porter Jr. Right? Because you, well, Dallas went to films last year. They lost Kyrie and had a trade, major trade. But they say he was struggling with an injury. They Play rough, bro. Lemme tell you this is, I think That's corny to do that.


So I'm not doing that. I think it's corny because I think barring substantial injury, you being able to play a hundred games, It is a testament to your preparation. Right? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like if you, if you do a hamstring injury, if you have some soft tissue injury, sometimes it could come as a result of you not being in peak, peak shape. I I just, I don't like to do that. Yo, I don't wanna put a asterisk next to anybody's shit. I don I don't either. The different stuff changes every single year in every single sport, right? Yeah. I mean, You know what I mean? Football, if somebody, the McCaffrey gets hurt week, week two, that changes shit for the 49 ERs. Like Right. I don't wanna do that to them. I think they, their championship is well Deserved.


I I agree. I mean I I, there were years where I'm like, they probably benefited from some major injuries. Every team, but every team bro, They beat Denver Gets good luck. Part of winning the championship is getting good luck, Bro. They beat Denver. Right. And they had the best record in the league. I mean it wasn't like they stumbled into this. It is not like when you're eight, Six playing game or some shit. Yeah, Yeah. No they were, they've been the best team all year. I never didn didn't think they were for real. I thought they were too young. They A lot of times' what happened, I thought the bright lights would've gotten into them. Especially when they played Denver. Once they beat Denver. I was like, ugh. Well, Halliburton looked like before he got hurt, he was on a mission. He did. He, I think we were robbed as fans of Halliburton Of a classic game Seven. Oh potential OT game. A potential two game winner buzzer Peter, Game seven.


Nobody gave the Pacers a chance. Even being in this series, they almost spoke like the winner of the Knicks. Pacers would just get a showing up award. So the fact that it went to seven Up, I just, I just liked all that shit because again, back to that Halliburton as the most overrated player in the league. Yes. By the players actually voting for me to show y'all niggas up like this. He took he the definition, I took it personal. Andy was wrong one. Yes. And I love that shit. Me too. That's why that, that's why everybody kept saying no storyline. I felt like they should have leaned more into that. That was the storyline. Right. The MVP over here. That's true. And the most overrated over here. That's true. Head to head. And we took you to seven. Yeah. The NBA fumbled that. That's true. Yeah. No, there's your story with that.


I agree with that. The NBA dropped the fucking ball on. I agree with that. I've been saying that. I don wanna say it again. You did. Yeah. But all, all around the board. Yeah. Nah, for sure. Congratulations to the thunder. Yes, for sure. Shout out to OKC. They said that y'all kept the chilies open an extra two hours, all the chilies in the town because there ain't shit else to do out there. What do, what do you feel about Carlisle saying that he was upset that they had the, the buses and shit already with national champions. Carlisle Was doing what he was supposed to do. Carlisle noted just for preparation sake. Them buses gotta be, they have to be done. So t-shirt, Hat, hats, all that shit be done already. They be done. So he was doing what he supposed to do. The coach trying to get his team riled up. I think that ha that halibut injury fucked, fucked the pacers up more than Yeah.


Topping was scoreless. I think a lot of them sold cookies. Nay Smith, I think a lot of them sold. I saw AKA made like 15 points in the fourth quarter. I was like, He the only one him and, and man Mandarin, what's his name? My man. Man, I like him. I Like him. He had a shitty series and he glossy mad spank. He won one of 'em games by himself though. He did. I wanted TJ McConnell to be in the con. If, if if, if they win that game and TJ keeps playing the way he does, he's mvp. He's in the MVP conversation. See they would've gave AKA more. They probably would've, but he would've been in the conversation. I've a big, I haven't been a big TJ McConnell fan since he was a rookie in Philly. Word. And shout out to Lloyd Pierce also, who's the head assistant coach at Indiana. Great coach. Hopefully he gets another shot. He was a head coach in Atlanta.


He's the assistant, the lead assistant in Indiana. They were well coached and I think that team on paper doesn't make it to the finals, but they had grit, they had toughness and they were super well coached. Tough, bro. So I hope they get another shot at it, you know, in the next couple years. I feel that. So I don't want to tell you, you don't really fuck with sports. TJ McConnell wasn't getting The, I just said I don wanna be in a conversation. He wasn't gonna get it. But it's a great Notre Dame Rudy kind of story where you go to game seven on the row and he, I mean he, he had all the buckets in Third point points in the row, bro. 12 points in a row. He wasn't gonna get them. I agree. But it would've been a great, but just, just seeing him fight for it. Hoorah. Listen, What's wrong with your nigga? Listen, Thank you.


Now what I will say about TJ is after the loss, when he's trying to cry his heart out to his mother Yep. The cameraman should get the fuck outta his face. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not, the camera's rolling 24 7 during the game. Yeah. I think there's a time where you should have some type of cool C oe nigga. Yeah. Content Jr. Would been right there. You literally have show 24 hour camera on Nah. Yeah, but not like that. I Don I don't think Flip would do that. I Don Nah. If somebody, if one of us is there crying fucking eyes out, I don't expect flip Over to y'all. No flip wouldn't do that. He Drops him tears flip would but the, the, the content will. And if He wanted to JR got more sense than that. Flip Would never do that. Nigga Sports Illustrated would have a picture of that nigga crying. Yep.


Tomorrow on their website. I don't give a fuck. I like the fact that his mom said that move. Also, I want to ask y'all before we close this. I saw Gil shout to Gil and the boys over there. I saw him having this conversation. That's why I love sports people having the conversations. He was, him and Kenya was talking about how they would feel Halliburton fucked his Achilles up at the end of the game. Crutched his way back to the hallway to see, to see his teammates facing so they could see him. And some of the teammates just wasn't receptive. Yeah, I get it. It was a game seven. I get that you said too, but your star player Didn't go to the hospital.


Crutched over here, didn't go to the hospital, didn't go get surgery. He was there till the end with y'all. And some of y'all gave him the dap. And just I agree. Just no hug, no embrace, no all of that sports team shit. Like we was here from I saw that no dog. The playing game was in April. It's about to be July. July. You've been in the trenches with niggas for two months. Yeah, I didn't think About that until they said it. But now watching it back when Halliburton watches that back, some of you niggas is getting fired. Oh yeah. Yo, listen, I I, I hate to tell you I really liked that nigga, like from the shit that I seen Halburn, right? Yeah. He went out there.


He was me Too, unfortunately, bro, I hated him at the beginning of the season. The emotion that he invoked, he on the ground. He w he knew he towards Achilles immediately. Yeah. You know what he do? He's like, no, he's hitting the ground. Him crying. I yo bro, His and I fuck with Shea, even though you in the heat of the moment, the heat of battle going over there like touching him. Yeah. Checking on him, making sure he is good. Yeah. Yeah. I fuck with That. And and he's young so he should be able to come back a hundred percent. He's rich. Yeah. And, and It is hundreds of millions of dollars. Yeah. If not billion dollars. Yeah. Riding on that boy to be healthy. Yeah. He'll be healthy. He may never be able to do a back flip again. But he'll be able to Be, he'll do some back flips. He'll Be able Work. They had Aaron Rogers running and cutting in 12 weeks.


I even liked his post from the hospital bed like Halliburton. Oh I loved his tweet from Yeah. Yeah. I mean his Instagram post that was so dope. Like even that, like he just like, I mean this's a lot. I'm not gonna read it all, but he, it was real sentimental and it was just like, yo, this don't feel real. You know, everybody keep telling me, come back stronger. But yeah, I don't understand. I put it off right here. Yeah. Yo. Yeah. But, and he also put, put it in perspective like there's worse things going on in the world than my Achilles. You know what I mean? However, you know, and then he laid out why it mattered to me, quoted Kobe. It was, it was, again, I had a lot of respect for him after this series and how he handled how he carried as a young man post Post-season. Once the playoffs started the way he carried himself throughout the playoffs, we talking about him and they lost.


Right. Right. That matters. My, that's a whole lot. He carried himself with a certain level of class in my opinion and integrity. Are y'all Happy with this KD trade? Ooh. Well I'm a Knick fan. It's not, I'm happy that he's in the west still. I know that's right. Yeah. I didn, I I see it from both perspectives. Immediately I said Houston was stupid initially and then over talking to some people, I think that Houston is stacked. Like I think a lot of these young teams are really, really good. Right. Need veteran Leadership. And so when you get a veteran like KD and Van Lee in your locker room to kind of tame the young troops who won it before too and KD is 25 when you walk in the gym.


You know what I'm saying? I think that all in all that that the trade works out for both teams. What it Said to me, which I thought was interesting is teams think the NBA is wide open right now. Like there's years where you're like it ain't our year. Golden State's gonna win the next three. Lakers gonna win the next three, whoever, whatever era we're in. But when you see the best team in the East Boston definitely gonna be down next year. Milwaukee doesn't seem set. Indiana just lost their best player. They're gonna be down next year. And then you look in the west, you're like okay K C's formidable. But these other teams are aging. You know we could win. Now I agree with your take, but watch your fucking mouth about second round. Exit teams being the best in the east. You crazy in front of me. The Celtics I, I forgot about.


Damn You right Celtics, you was right about the Celtics. You said they By sale Drew Holiday already. I say Drew Holiday. Yeah That's smart for them. Well I'm just Saying Drew, this team will Not be because they're conceding that next year ain't gonna be a year anyway. So Didn didn't Tell me they was conceiving that boy I from Portland. Yeah. No I don't think that they concede and they got Two second round picks And They shed 40 million in salary. That ain't the money. It ain't about the talent. It's about the money. We gotta, we gotta break this shit down my nigga. We got two niggas that super max. No, I'm with you. I'm just saying if they thought they could win the championship next year, they wouldn't probably make that trade. I disagree. But with Tatum injured for the year, If Tatum was there, they trade Drew Holiday. We want to try to win. They Gotta lower Them. Pay all of this tax money and luxury tax money.


Money. I think they underestimate how good you holiday is then. No, I Think, I think he's an elite two way. I think he is too. But you got Derrick White sitting right there. Who, who if not better, some people's argument he is better. Yeah. I wouldn't make money. They on the same level. I Don't think they ared money bro. I get people say that. No, I get it. You gotta shed money. So I we'll See in terms, in terms of the Durant trade to, to bring it back. Phoenix did the right thing in working with Durant and his team to put him where he said he wanted to go. Right. He said he wanted to go to Houston. They put him in Houston. What I'm hearing is Minnesota had and a a a nice package, a killer package. They said Minnesota said Go Bird.


Yep. Dillingham, who's that other kid? And, and black, white, Dante. Oh Yeah. Dante and Pitch. That's what I always called Niggas. But Kevin Durant said he didn't wanna go to Minnesota allegedly. So stupid ass fans thinking the rank out news of the trade. Y'all gotta love fans. Joe fans thought they broke KD trade news to We'll see about it. We'll see about it. Right. Katie already shopping for real estate. Anybody got something? We Got it all seven. Real Houston wrote to take care of you too. Who Again? Congratulations to the Thunder for sure. And the Pacers man. Yeah. And the Pacers. I I was for you. Hell of a season. Hell of a season Hell of Go Indiana.


Go Indiana. I want to tell y'all about this young lady who lost her life in Chicago this week at the Chicago Black Yacht Week. Black Yacht week. Young lady named Zari Wells. Okay. I saw a lot of people on my timeline posting about her. A young, very popular hairstylist in Chicago. Oh, I heard about this. Yeah. Who was on the yacht? We don't the the details are unclear during what reports are saying was really murky waters out there. She fell off of the yacht. The water carried her away somewhere.


And to my knowledge that was the end of that. But the story is, is picking up a lot of, picking up a lot of steam for many reasons. One of which are all of the living room coaches saying, why Are we on yachts without a Life jacket? I think that's really insensitive and inconsiderate. Very. Yeah. Very. And as somebody who has done a couple of yachts here and there, I've never had a life jacket on. Same. I haven't seen a life jacket. I don't even know where they at On the yacht. And I can't swim See that. So I just think that that was really inconsiderate. I wanna send thoughts and prayers to her family and friends and just a good time to tell black people to be careful.


Be careful this summer Period. Period. And and why this story was a thing. Well it's a thing but she was best friends with the young lady who lost her life in that freezer in the hotel. Y'all remember a little while back? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. She walked into the freezer. Kika Jenkins. Yes. She rest in peace as well. She was best friends with her. Wow. So just odd deaths. Again, I'm praying for her family, friends, loved ones fans. Super, super unfortunate. This young lady. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. Dari Wells. The water's a weapon. Yeah.


You can't play right Nature. Period. The Water. That's why I stay away from nature. Can't play with nature like that. All All of that. All of that shit man. The water Saying the sun, all our shit. They don't play the heat shit. I run from all of it man. Yeah. I don't play The heat too. We had the fucking tail mail. What? What? You already don't feed the little more. It's a hundred degrees. The phone tell you now it feel like 107. You keep leaving your little raggedy dog out there in 107 degrees. And we trying to tell you that dogs can die like that. So you went to the window, looked out there, seen the dog dying and said he's so cute.


He sunbathing. He's sunbath. First of all, she sunbathing. First of all she and she's doing just fine. I let her have little moments outside. She's a chihuahua, she's Always cold. We all came back in and closed the Door. You know people could do just fine right before death. Calls like that. Don't change nothing. She don't Need a tan. Get her little ass and some ac she out there like this. She's fine. She's fine. Melanie, Melanie is doing 10, 10 hour work day. She was not outside the whole time. No. You didn't even know she was outside. I did. She was outside. I said, where's Daisy at? You was like, she's good. I'm like no she ain't. She was right where I left her.


Peter gonna Fuck you up Michael. Paul lost a dog like that. Like just a dog sitting in the South Carolina heat. Yeah. For too long. So just be careful. We love Daisy. Even if you don't, while we're on thoughts and prayers, I wanna send thoughts and prayers to my brother T Rex. Yeah Rex. I love you Bro. Rex, you know what It is boy, we love you. We hope all is well. I got messages saying that everything is cool now. But that was some of the scariest shit scary that I've ever seen in a battle. For those that don't know smack and bees, they had no right. They had no, this past weekend T-Rex was battling Geechee Gotti and in the middle of his very first round unfortunately suffered a seizure and he fell to the ground and he was shaking.


Yeah that looked, that was. And maybe some people thought it was a part of a bit, but it was not. It was very serious. That was real. Which they quickly learned and and did whatever they were supposed to do. EMTs, ambulance and lay to the side and all that. But just watching that, That Was scary dog. Again, yo niggas is, and Rex is a battle rap legend. Yes he is well loved. Yes. He is iconic in his field and he's been doing it for a bunch of years, over 20 years doing this. So that puts him around our age. That's that sweet spot.


That 40 and 45 and 50 and 55. Yo please. I know these, the young niggas is running around calling us old and shit. These are real pristine years. These are quality years and we have to do all that we can to take care of ourselves. I don't be wanting to get up in the morning and go hit that fucking bum ass treadmill with Corey and these niggas. But I do it because life Health is important. Blood pressure, the silent killers, the fucking extra cartilage surrounding your heart. Whatever confer, con con, consult with your primary physicians.


Please, please. I can't afford to lose none of you niggas that I love. And I'm gonna be real mad if while I'm balling outta control, I get a call and now we gotta stop and be sad 'cause it's time to mourn. So please, we done lost too many niggas. Stay on top of your health. Rex, I love you and I hope you are well and my thoughts are with you and your family and your friends and your fans. Amen. Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully we don't have to continue to see very disturbing videos. I can't take it. The, the mark fucking pepper spray shit was a lot for me.


I didn't come in here and say that. But that was a lot. That was, there's too many instances where a black man could just die in the blink of a eye. And we so desensitized to it. All that we just don't bat a eye. I'm off of that. I'm off of that. Take care of yourselves out here. The summer's about to get hot niggas home from jail and they apply. Please be careful. Take care of yours. Take care of you and your family. Remember It is your job to get home back to your family. Please. Please. That's all I have on that. I love you False Jose bro. I agree. Flip. You want me to order you something from my spot I'll be ordering Shit from?


Yeah, sure. That's the least you could do. Yeah. You flip for your as least boy he is on your ass. You know what? I feel like ordering a lot of stuff too. Dessert. Yeah. Dessert. Yeah. Such a fucking fool man. Puff puff. They say that puff not calling any witnesses. No. The prosecution arrested I believe. Yeah. Saying we could get a verdict within a week's time. Could be it. It's interesting. We finally heard, we, we heard puff's voice rarely, you know, which we rarely heard during the trial saying, you know, I'm not going to basically assuring the judge that the decision not to testify was solely his own.


That he wasn't being persuaded. I think that was not a surprise that Puff wasn't gonna testify. It's too many questions he could be asked. Cross examination wouldn't work out and he doesn't wanna be caught with a perjury charge later. So that wasn't a surprise. Not calling any witnesses though. That's interesting. I think that that's for two reasons. But I think the Biggest Reason is a psychological tactic against the jury. A lot of times defense teams will, will, will say we ain't got nothing. We've already made our case. So as a jury you start thinking, well shit. Maybe if they that confident, yeah maybe there's something to it. 'cause all they wanna do is raise reasonable doubt. They don't need to prove that puff didn't do it. They just need to prove that there's reasonable doubt. And listening to y'all listening to the public, there's a lot of different opinions about whether reasonable doubt was raised.


But they must, I I suspect they're looking at that jury and feeling confident at whatever energy they're getting in front of the jury and how whatever job they did It should feel confident. Puff been locking eyes with them niggas for A bounce, you know longer. You right. It feel pretty good this year. Hey you got, did you Get the envelope or no? Right. No I gotcha. If that was me in that position, I'd be trying my best to pay off jurors. I risk the extra charge. I don't give a fuck what y'all talking about Man. I'd have had ice in there with the metal glasses on. What? Reading them niggas. Your facial recognition. What you crazy nigga just go home mailbox be 14 million in that bitch with a Yo dog.


What Mark, what do you think? But what do you think about the decision? I know you explained both sides of it. What's your opinion on, is it it's bold? It it, it's, it's a bold decision. But I think you gotta swing for defenses here. I think, I think the ultimate problem here is that if we're looking at the letter of the law, he's gonna be found guilty. I think he or at least two of those charges, it seems like letter of the law he's guilty. Which you hope for as a defense team I think is that the jury makes a decision that's outside the law, which we see all the time. Yeah. Where you say look, yeah he might have technically did it but it ain't really fucked up. We really don't wanna convict this nigga for being freaky. Right. Or we don't really wanna convict this nigga for some shit that we all do. I'm not defending Puff and I'm not saying that that's how I feel, but that's what they're hoping the jury feels and that's always going to be the thing.


So I think it's a bold move but it's probably their best move. I think it's their best move right now. 'cause you're not gonna win on a letter alone. We see it all the time with cops. You know what I mean? When when, when you know, they hope the jury says Yeah but being a cop is a tough job. Yeah. He did shoot him in his back, but I probably would've did the same. You know, you hope that, and we talk about jury nullification all the time and that's part of what jury nullification is when the jury makes a decision that's outside the boundaries of the law, it's basically an affirmative defense. It's just like we s like a tom to kill with Samuel Jackson. Right. At some point it was like, look yeah I did the shit. But you hope that the jury identifies with him enough and why Fuck that Es with you as to why you did it. Yeah. You right. I did It and ain't burning Hell. What?


When that was first reported, I thought a few things. At first I was just as taken as taken aback as you guys were. But then I was like, his legal team knows more about law than I do. So yeah. I would trust them and, and but damn my ger and the more I thought about it, who the fuck would you call? I was about to ask like who, Who would you call to the stand? Everybody that I had questions about was the people that was levying charges against me. I already, I already spoke to them when you called them. Yeah. I don't have nobody to call. I don't call my cousin as a character witness telling 'em about me growing up. Like Right. Who would he be calling? Right. How do you prove you didn't do something? We, we spoke, we spoke to the, the male escorts.


We spoke to all the Jane Doe. We spoke to hotel managers like prosecutors who is there for puff to call. Right. Just to just one to Help prove his case. Go ahead. On there, just One other note. They're not calling witnesses but they are gonna present exhibits. So there will be several exhibits to say, look, and I don't know what they are yet 'cause they haven't disclosed it, but it could be. Okay, exhibit A here is, you know, and you show some kind of piece of data, some information, some photo, some receipt, some text message Or something video. Something like that. Right. Something that you can again persuade the jury and, and honestly the, the exhibits don't talk back. So it might actually be to their advantage to just present evidence that can't be cross-examined. It could be challenged by the defense, by the prosecution, but it's not the same as putting somebody up on that, on that stand.


Get torn apart. Yeah. To Answer some questions or Something. Yeah. So that's another interesting strategy to do. It's bold. Yo, I think he's looking at life. If he's looking at life then that changes my mind about calling the Witnesses. Like with that being said, you should have No, I'm not calling shit. Right. Y'all lock me up for my life. Based off what you've heard, you sit with that, can you sleep with that? That's the point. And they hope that the jury, even if they think he's technically guilty, that they feel that there's such a gap between the sentence and the crime that they be like, I can't in good conscience that's what you Or or the legality and letter of the law and what could have potentially been going on.


Like yeah, you jaywalk my nigga, but it was long block Manhattan block. You saw a city opening there. Like, you know what I'm saying? I, I think that him not calling any witnesses is a really big move my nigga like, but I think now I think the jury has made up their minds. I think it's, It is very few things that would probably sway them to the yes or the no. Unless somebody just came up there with a home run Closing. Yeah. I'm really looking only hearing like the closing from both of them. Defense and the prosecution. Yeah. This, this is, this is real. I couldn't only imagine what he feel like you being on trial for the, for your life.


My nigga is, Sorry About that. It's some different shit. So thoughts and prayers to everybody. And Just to be clear again, one more piece of information. The racketeering charge carries a maximum of life. The sex trafficking carries a a max of life for a mandatory minimum of 15. So those are the two that you really wanna watch carefully. Yeah. The transportation for purposes of prostitution carries a max sentence of 10 years. He could, he could, he could potentially get a slap on. That's A slap on That's one he's getting. That's what and That's why, that's what I think he's gonna get. Right Because the racketeering is organized crime. You think they proved that? I didn't watch it closely enough to say. Gotcha. Okay. The legal experts, some legal experts say yes, the ones I trust say yes, but I didn't watch it and I don't know enough to know I don't want to Gotcha, gotcha.


When it comes to federal sentences, do you have to do the entire thing? Okay. Okay. Yeah. So I do think that he'll be found guilty of some of this shit. I think that the prosecution proved too of the whatever the standard is that they gotta do. I do. I think that, I also think that that relies heavily on the jury. I I don't think he'll be facing the jury of his peers. Even though he was head nod saluting one nigga They got that nigga got outta Yeah they got him outta there. My Other question and then they bring in the white guy. They brought in The white guy a 50 something year old. I'll Tell you this. Listen, no matter what happens to him and the internet, y'all could drag me. You've been dragged me for 20 years. I don't give a fuck. They lined him up.


They did. He got lined. I ain't gonna hold you. He Did. He did. He played a part in it but he got lined up dog. So What my, my brother Ice is gonna say. They can't line you up if you ain't doing nothing. That's not true Though. That's not what I was gonna say either. No, I'm saying that's one of I Don, I don't wanna say that. I don't wanna say that now because Puff did too much shit. Yeah. So I'm not saying that. But it being discovered or confirmed that Cassie and her boyfriend had to go stay at Cassie's family's house for a long period of time, said to me that they was a lot more hard up than they let on the Cassie clip.


When you say hard up, you mean for money Without financial money? Not without a penny. Yeah. Two rocks to rub together. And I've been there and that's when schemes happen. That's when they happen. Your brain start working. Yeah. This fucking little audio that went out of Cassie saying Yo, I will kill one of you niggas With me and you know I have resources to get it done. I think there's credence to that. We just had Joy on the Patreon episode. Subscribe to the Patreon right now. And she made the point that they killed me for some of these 20 year olds aren't as just innocent as y'all say. I stand in that I'm from Jersey City. I've seen it with my own eyes. I'm not saying that y'all's 20 year olds don't exist, but the other 20 year olds exist also.


That that whole black male, the parent thing, the way that they deconstructed that one, well it was reported a month ago or however long Blackmail the Payment that Puff was blackmailing cash. 20,050. 2020. I thought it was 20. It was 20 Doesn't Pay the 20. Paid it back to you gave her the money back When, when Puff's team went to deconstruct that, it was, they showed the text of Puff saying I want my money back from paying the trainer that you started fucking, and in that text he didn't sound as angry as they keep making him out to sound.


He sounded like, yo, I just want this to be done. I'm not paying for you to fuck him if you fucking him tell Homeboy to gimme my money back. And that's when he looped the parents in and that's when he got his money back. So it's just about what you believe and how you believe it. I think that he did a lot of shit and he's going up. I also think they lined him right the fuck Up. See that's where I, I think because you know you did a lot Of shit then they can't line you up. Nah, not even. And you got away with it. You think they can't line you up but because you know you did a lot of shit. Oh yeah. Arrogance gonna kick arr. That's, I go back to that every time because you know you did all this shit. You know we said hindsight 2020 when she came knocking you should have paid.


That's it. Yo, I still didn't, it still wouldn't have stopped nothing. I think it would've, it would've. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Her dropping suit, that initial civil suit is what blew the doors open on all of this. Yeah, I think they was lining that nigga up prior to, I think they had it already in there in their sights bro. They needed her help to do it though. Yo dog a lot. The Department of Homeland Security raid Puff House With her help. FBI didn't rape Puff House. The, the Department of Homeland Security rated Puff House. And from my under understanding, Well you check that 'cause it was a few groups. It wasn't just one raid. DHS was definitely, it was a few in there though. I it Was few different. Yeah. From my understanding, they don't even come outside for cases like this. This, this is some higher up shit. We can look it up. I just know it was a few different factions that showed up.


It wasn't just one. I don't know who or what. And my other question to y'all, do y'all think that, oh boy, big T gets involved to, to clear him up? Yes. Oh well we've been saying that up here. Yeah. Okay. That's it. Tell me. Yeah, you don't have to see it, but it's my life and I'll kill you. No, I will kill you if you don't show me right now. I will kill you and I will hide you and I will cut you up and put you in the dirt right now. Pull it up if you have it, pull that up because if not, I'm gonna kill you and then he's gonna kill you again. So just do it. Pull that up. Right now I just think they was more Bonnie and Clyde I'm going To kill. Then they then they let nor stand.


They were a team. I don give a bro that, that's my opinion. I'm not, I'm not trying to be right. I'm with you mad again. I'm with you. We've Seen, I respect all opinions on this matter life right Now. If I saw a video of you doing anything that you didn't want people to see, I would show you the video so you could tell me what the happened. You're playing games with me telling me you saw some, now you're saying you didn't see some, She's not on trial so I won't play this whole thing. But it just paints a different picture of them. It was a few sentences. It was a few sentences throughout the trial. And again I think Puff did a bunch of fucked up shit. And I think he should be punished accordingly. But it was a few sentences. It was one sentence in particular when the, her best friend was on the stand and she said, I kept telling them to leave her.


I kept telling them to leave her and she said, yo, where I'm gonna go Jay-Z's already taken. Ooh. See for me that could have been, that speaks Volume. Excuse me bro. That speaks volumes bro. It That can speak volumes or to me it could be cosmetics, drawing it up. The icing on the cake for me is you didn't leave. And actually all of the girlfriends that they, that took the stand testified that yo, we all were jealous of the next girl. Whoever the next girl was. She was getting the trips, she was getting attention, yada. So the caveat to me is that Cassie didn't leave because of all the abuse and sex trafficking.


She left because she could never be com porter. And that, that's important to me in the story. I think you'll get time. Life is a lot. Yeah, that's, life is a lot. That's too Much. Just As know it seems like Homeland Security and the FBI were involved, a lot of that Is that Federal agents and Homeland Security. Yeah. Yeah. So Homeland Security was, No I'm just saying some of the people in the FBI was involved too. Them sitting That's the meantime bro. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Y'all came here and picked up a bunch of baby oil. All my guns was licensed and registered. All The videos coming for the videos. And from, again, I don't wanna go down conspiracy theory land, but the conspiracy theorists say that they came to get videos to make sure that some of those people, certain motherfucker that were on those videos that never got out.


Yeah. But let's talk about that after this verdict. Yeah. There's too much real shit going on in here. People in a position of power on this videos. Got yeah, we'll see. Yeah. Can we move to something a little bit lighter Before, more before We go more? Oh definitely, definitely. This is weighing me down man. Sorry about that. I'm just thinking about Red Lobster. Hey me too. I'm always everything fucking cool. I'm always wait I take it back. I take it's, I take it back. I take it back your fucking mouth. I take it back now. There we go. There's a black CEO. Who? I white. See the niggas make a lot of money and turn, sit around. Shit. Everybody up here making a lot of money. I said that. Everybody up here make a lot of money. It is relative. Everybody up here makes a lot of money.


We thought we did. Yo. Hey y'all, listen y'all. Hey y'all. Wait y'all look at me. Everybody look at me. You two park. I'm here. We can't look at you city. Not just say look at me. Oh shit. I'm sorry. Fucking the cat is out the bag. Y'all. What cat? What Cat? They on us. They're on You. They on You to you. Yo Cat. You talking? That's old school. Yo. Yo. That's the old school shit. They know now. Park, they on to you Mark. They're on to everything. They not on to Us. They know what's going on. You guys could give it up. I ruined it. I ruined it. Being excited nigga hit me talk now. None of us can be low. You know What nigga hit me said oh shit.


So that mean y'all gotta be making about 50 something a month. Right. Wow. Almost. What'd you, how'd you answer that? I didn answer shit, get off my page. No, but nigga said yo, I know for a fact now ish at a mill. Well that was true at 28. Not from J-B-P-J-B-P. Well now that's gonna go that. That s right. Fuck you talking about. That's alright. You good. They got us. They don't got us. Not us. Listen, don't worry about that fake Rat. Yo. We caught out. Fuck up. We was on doing a good job with remaining low. My ego got in the way and exposed us and made us vulnerable.


This nigga say us one more time. Red Lobster. I don know what fuck, What was he talking about? This nigga talking about, I have no idea what he's talking about. You and Ian. So now what I asking Ian and what I say to the naysayers and distractors out there, I could, I could afford my own seats. That's why you did that. Right? That's why you did that. You ain't fooling nobody Y know who you fooling. No, I read one. That's why you did that. I read one tweet that said well one thing is clear now Joe button can sit. Where the fuck, where the fuck he wants sit at? That's why he did that. That's he that's yeah, that's what it was. I'm tired of Casa Knot Mr. Beast.


What's the fast nigga? The speed. Yeah. I tried all niggas getting these props. Right. The fucking streaming shit came out too. Showing what? Yeah, don't talk about, I didn't think of that. Oh no. Yes you did. Didn't think that. You thought you sat home about it. So good. Just get your Shit on yo. Do y'all Niggas that seen the leak, what The fuck y'all thought was going on nigga? A minute. There we go guys. Nigga say us. Oh man. What you thought was happening nigga? Yo Parks might be us up on me. Parks is in us. Oh, parks might. I'm not us. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not US. Parks is in us. I'm not you. US Parks is us.


We parks is us. Big male nigga. Two po. Male Parks is us. I'm not us. Yeah. All right. So is that why you late leaked the photo? Because you were mad You didn't make the list? No, he wouldn't make that list. That was, it was strange streamers but Tomato. Tomato. No, no. Totally different. Totally different. Different. But when that list start coming out, then you see certain numbers. So many black niggas getting some props. They can put my name up here. I gotta show y'all. Sometimes you gotta pop out and show niggas. You gotta pop out. Show nigga that's what he did. We've streamed up here. Show, show us nigga. Fuck niggas pop out. Show pop, show me right here. Right. Fuck you talk about it. I Don't have anything else. That is our union Be important. Me neither.


What'd you say? I don our union gonna be crazy. Oh It is nuts. You know I'm proud of You though. Getting holidays too. Oh yeah. Health insurance. Paid holidays. Put the, put the headphones on so we can hear you. You gave me clearly what you saying? No, I'm just saying insurance Things need to change around here. Yeah, we still gotta pay for the water because we waking it up. All them stacks, y'all see we pay for that. Shit. Yeah. Yeah. It's a little basket up there. Yeah. Yeah. Now I understand why. Protein bars. Yeah. Protein bars, $5 not Even look good. So many things are clear. Nah, you, I can see clear. Nah. The, I can see And I see right through them pockets. You see the obstacles in your way. I mean, since we're up, mark, what are those gummy bears that you like?


Albanese. Can We swap those shits out on the counter since it seems like we can afford the albanese, Not the, do you think anybody Here thinks we should give you more mood or mind altering substances? They're Not like, Honestly you. They not. They just regular gum. Regular jacket. Okay. That's Dope though. That's hate. What I will say in closing is your funds being leaked is can also be another accountability system. Because when it happened and Word was traveling and I couldn't stop the narrative said, yo, I ain't gonna lie.


Now that these numbers is out, I look foul a little bit sometimes. Like the water shit. Yo. All right. Yo. All right man, you, oh you. It is not Paton. You can't do that shit. No, for real. The water, he can't do it. Yeah, he can't do it. You can't get us outta here. No, I'm top. Yeah, I Know. I know. Seriously. I'd never thought about that before until all day. It took that. Some things were humble. You. That's like when my dick pic got put out, it was like, Oh yeah, I to it down a little bit. Take some of that bass out. Off. Keep it down. Keep it down. I mean, keep it cute. I'm not playing with y. Fuck y'all man.


Yo. Y'all are nuts, yo. Oh Man. Oh shit. Good P man. Cool. What's this heat wave looking like for y'all? I know somebody got plans. What? I know somebody got plans that don't Involve an ac. Ain't. I didn't, I didn't do nothing after freeze shit. I was home under Central Air, y'all. It's y'all fault. Really? Y'all niggas. It is Mel, y'all that was begging for the summer in the winter. I remember the winters. See Winters, some of my favorite monks. Y'all that be dying for the summer to get here crying. Oh my God. Take me back. The Heat waves. Only today and tomorrow. Maybe like today's a hundred. We Wednesday's 96 and then Thursday it feels Like 1 0 9, I get it.


But Thursday it goes down to 82, then 75 and then it's raining. All It is, it's Over. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's over. You know. Do you know what it's raining in preparation for Ma? Heat? The fuck the earth fall. The fuck is she talking about? I don, But it ain't, it ain't bad though. All this Fucking rain though. It is pissing me off. Anybody have anything interesting happening this week? This week? This week, huh? It's Work. It Is a quiet. Anybody planning it for July 4th? We're here. We're working. We working. Yeah, we're working. Fuck no. Fuck that. Not no more. Not. No, no, no. Fuck that. As of yesterday. One time that shit. As of noon yesterday time. 12th of July. Double time. Time and a half.


It is double time. Double time. It is paid holiday. Eric. Ain't nobody here but him. Oh shit. Let Joe 900 be here by himself on July 4th, Joe nine. The rest of us going be right the fuck home like that. That nigga going this week going the Jeezy show. That's it. The numbers was down. Man, we gotta work. That's it. We gotta, we gotta the numbers you. That's the part. I can't run my job Work. Oh right. The numbers is, That's the Thing. Right. He always hit us with that. Every few months I could normally hit y'all with a motivational talk to get us back on track. I fear that those days. Oh, you thought you thought you was gonna see a summer drop off, Right? You ain't seen the drop off yet. But nigga Stupid.


Yo, I don't have any plans. I ain't doing shit. Just sit on. Yeah, I'm fucking with the Jeezy show. That's it, man. All black. Oh, that sound fire. Yeah. I need to go to the show. All black yo. Leave me alone. I'm gonna pee on myself. I promise you. I'll pm on myself. Leave me alone. Please, please. Oh my God. Actually, actually, yo, hopefully you've enjoyed this broadcast as much as we enjoy delivering it to you. Keep us in your prayers.


Lord knows we need to be there till the next time we bid you a new farewell. Adio, Riva dci. Ata Armi or Simple Head No wants to fight. Fuck. Talk about. Let's go. Yo remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. Hey, lastly, the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel The Closeminded.


Women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol. You might need it until the next time. Okay? Shout to all the Petros out there. If you are not a member, please subscribe to the page. Subscribe to the page. Shout out to all the subgroups of Hey listeners out there. Whole lot of money.


Hey, hey, hey. What up man? Hey, hey. Wait, actually, lemme talk over the juicy Wray quick. I know Mark. I know you saw Mel yesterday and without me revealing too much. I'm hoping when that content is released that will snatch the potter of the month away from you. It's good content. She did a great job. Oh listen buddy. She's dope actress. Yeah. Oh, oh, Oh yeah. No. This real good acting. Yeah, real good acting female. Hey, das in it too. Hey, Daisy is in it.


Yep. We shall See That. Alright man, ain't nobody doing shit. Ain't nobody doing shit. All my shit got canceled for the heat. Two of my gigs got canceled this week. Oh yeah. You know what? They are canceling gigs. I I, my dad was supposed to do a campus college walkthrough with my little brothers and they canceled that shit. 'cause of the heat liability. Yeah. I get in it. Nah, that makes sense. Yo, stay safe, stay dangerous, stay cool, stay cool. Stay in some shit with some air in it. Get some electrolytes.


These business owners be acting stingy with the fucking central air facts. Like these niggas turn the fucking air on nigga pay the bill. Oh yeah. It ain't just gonna be a bunch of good life after press all the time. Do what you gotta do with the air. Yo. We gone man. Y'all hold it down. Be safe. Remember, if you didn't enjoy this episode the way that we enjoyed filming it, don't waste your time tweeting. We'll be back. Same place, same time. End of the week. Brent still coming in right Joe? Ain't that right? Look at the right deposit. It don't matter. We are blessed. We blessed we, we blessed. We we, we are blessed. That's it. That's it. We just blessed man. We gotta get the numbers back. Right. It used to say a mill. It used to say a mill nigga. Y'all back down to 900.


Tighten up. Yo. What the fuck is wrong with y'all niggas out here man? Oh my. I only made 900 last month 'cause of y'all. Yo. Salute. Yo. Hey yo. Remember bagging women closing doors? What up? Make sure you fill your bank account. Make sure you feed the wolves. You know why? Because if you don't feed the wolves, the wolves you looking to eat on you. Wait, what? Wait, shit. Wait about the Fuck that. What the hell? What the hell? Yeah. Fuck y we going man. Y'all older down JBP without the, We got them.


We fucking Got 'em. Oh my God.