
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Yeah, That's, we just gonna say what time It is. Yeah. Okay. I mean, yeah. We here, we here, we here. We not even used to some type of structure. Niggas not even used to starting on the time.


At the time. You're supposed to start. I mean, look, Mel looks so confused. He's like, Wait, what's going on? It's too early for This. No. Well, my question is, is this it? We here, what, what does that mean? We are missing two cast members. You, what time is it? The focus is in the wrong place. I overstand that. I, Yes. So it's that. So you're ratting? Yeah. I'm not ratting Actually, I'm kind of surprised the issues in here because he's been making an You ratted last part too. When we was about to start. You say where it flat? I sure the fuck did because he gets special treatment. Who? Oh, oh, flip. Oh Yeah. You think flip gets special treatment? Yes. I, yes. And I know that I'm not the only one. I just, I'm the one who will Speak up. So now you're speaking for other people. Okay. I'll just speak for myself right Now. Do you think that you are allowed to speak for other people?


No, not necessarily. Okay. So speak for you, But every once in a while people just do this. Whew. Thank God she said it. And you think that's what's happening. Tell me why you think Flip gets best. Your treatment. The motherfucker. And then, And then we can start, He comes and goes as He, I'm not dog Following you either. Okay. He comes and goes as he pleases. He decides he wants to stay or he is gonna leave. He shows up when he wants. He never writes on the board. Like it, it's endless. Okay. It's, it's endless. It's endless. I, this has nothing. I love him, but it's like, I don't know. I don't know. It's a little bit of ratting early in the park, early while he's not here.


But let me just tell you why we're here just shooting the shit. I You think everyone is beholden to the same rules? Apparently not. Amen. And if it's apparently not, then would he be getting special treatment? Okay. You're right. It is too early. Connections. Synapses are not firing on all cylinders. Have You? Have You ever worked corporate before? Yes. Were there people that was, how can I say it? When you were corporate, you kind of just gotta worry about you. Okay. This isn't corporate. Eh, I think that's, that's, that's the problem comes I with some of the problem. A lie. I think Everywhere. You gotta kind of worry about you, by the way. Yeah. But facts, it's a mistake I see up here a lot.


And it's because everybody's friends with Joe. Well, no. Yes. Yeah, that's true. I hope could not agree more with what ICE is saying. That's true. That that may be true. But in addition to that, the fact that you, you're right. Worry about you. However, a lot of the chemistry up here depends on the connections that we all make. Like we rely on the chemistry in order to produce a really, Really, really fucking show. So in that way, this is not a corporate structure. This is, this is a show. This is a, a production that is dependent on us being here and us communicating with each other in the way that the audience expects it. Facts. Now, what we also are, we are all professionals.


Yes. And we do Well, whenever somebody is not here. Exactly. We adjust. However, nobody's been given a memo that either one of those two is not coming. So they're just not here at the start time. And that's right. So we have So now you work with the people that came to work. Yeah. That's it. Okay. Y'all listen. Y'all wanna win. You got it. Wait, No, we not trying win after Last week. I ain't fighting with y'all, motherfucker. I'm never trying to fight. I'm not trying to fight you. Good. You Good? I'm never trying to fight with you. You good? But I'm not trying to fight on a flip topic. I'm not trying, I'm just letting you know that everyone here is not beholden to to the same rules and regulations.


Expectations Also. Yeah. At all. And that's a mistake to think that It ain't even my expect business. We expect flip to do what the fuck he wants. Really? You Don't? Mm. Kind of. I I'm just, I expect it. Yeah. Yeah. Flip is here. In that capacity, his contract is constructed in that capacity. It is. Oh, then I have nothing to say. That's, I'm saying if that's, if, if his contract Contract is not your contract, if its which is not Mark contract, which is not ice contract or, or Ish or Parks, everybody is not the same. Yeah. If, if it's constructed in a way where he gets to come and go as he pleases and just appears whenever he wants, then you got it. So you want his ass. Yeah, yeah.


No, no. Don't that shit. Mel. Mel is on his ass. Mel, Like, if I gotta get up and be in here, God damnit, you need to get up and be in here Too. Yeah, but I don't, I'm, I only do this 'cause that's not right of Mel. 'cause when her contract come up, she organizes it. How she sees fit for her, not for everybody else. That's what everybody should do. What contract? Shit, I'm wrong. Oh. It's gonna be a good day. Oh yeah, It Is. Oh yeah. We had a whole conversation several months ago, get a mail where I can you, You Know, flip, flip, flip. Started talking about, you know, yeah, I'm gonna, I'm, I'm asking for this, I'm doing this, da da da. And I remarked, I said, wow. That is, that is really interesting that like men really walk through the world like a wake is in front of them.


You know what I'm saying? Like where they just, they don't have anything like impeding them in terms of, you know, oh, well should I ask for this and should I ask for that? And some women, you know, came for me and, but I, I asked for what the fuck I want. Okay, cool. That's you. But primarily women do have struggled, you know, over the course of history for asking what they want. Because it's very easy to say. It's very true. Thank you. I mean, I really underpay all my women employees. You know how, how easy It's, and they take it too. Nah, that's fire. Fire. You're an ally Gang. And serious as though they do, I do have to often encourage 'em to Publicly to do more.


Like I to say, you have to ask Front facing. I mentor them to ask, We be allies. Right. So it, when I construct my contract, It is, Can I just say, it never surprises me when you'll pull from the historic plight of women before you. Like, Why not? Because Male in one breath. You can't say this. Don't feel like corporate and then say, I'm afraid to talk when it's contract time. Yes, I can. You got it. I can. Because the two things have nothing to do with each other. You, you Afraid to talk to who? Ian? No, no, no, no, no. Corporate, corporate environment versus contract negotiations. That's completely different. Who Are you afraid to talk to when it's time to negotiate your contract?


Not a, it's not, I wouldn't categorize it as a fear. Who are you timid to speak to? Because every new contract you've asked for things. Why are you asking, asking why are you talking What? Not her. She asked somebody. Oh, okay. I'm about To say you asked. She she has somebody. I was gonna say, but that's my point, that somebody she has is he has a dick. So that kind of changes. Where does the fear, where does the, where does the fear Come in? Because he's just my proxy. He represents me. Yes, ma'am. Is he white? No. Oh. Oh. Is he afraid? I should, I should hire a white Man. Oh my God. Okay. Gotcha.


You should see my team. You got Oh, oh, gotcha. I got you. Am I lying Joe? I, I see my whole life changed when I got a white guy. My entire life changed. I, I'm forever in debt to Parks. My entire life changed when I got a white Jewish guy behind me. Oh Man. I know that audience don't want to. I'm sorry. I did it y'all way. I did it y'all way first. Me and some friends. So some black people. I did it your way. Record label people. It failed. Trust. I was twisted. So now your dude with a dick that talks for you, shout to my man.


'cause he is real cool. Is he afraid? No, he's not afraid. Okay. He's not afraid. And he encourages me to, you know, to to, to not have any timidity when we're approaching the contract negotiations. And you was just on air not even three weeks ago, saying, I love here. I never ever, ever, ever, ever want to leave. I never wanna leave. See, I put you in those spots publicly. So you could say that because of all that you go through behind the scenes. I'm, I'm, Because you look like you hate it here, but then I get you to say, oh, absolutely Love it. Hate out there. Male absolutely hates it. Oh, that's the best. Oh no, I never ever heard her name. But everybody up out there is say, oh, she hates them. She hates, she hates them. Them niggas like, you should work when you're acting, you're acting is like Beyonc acting.


She was surprised. I know she was. We gonna talk about that later. Shout out to the Carters. Congratulations to her. Yes. Congratulations to her. Ho Blue. The entire family. There we go. We'll get to the Oh, it totally wasn't expecting this. Look later. There's a few giveaways. She was there, right? Point one all. How y'all feeling? Feeling great. Exhausted. I started out with a little, that's right. Yeah. I here talk about nigga's backs. It is hot. That's why it's good to start before people get here. So we can talk about any back. I'll say it To their fucking faces. Right. What we gotta say about Ish too, while he not here, Why the fuck isn't he here? This I'll say facts. I'm gonna shoot, I'm gonna shoot Ish some bell.


Why? Because in the limited time I've been here Ish doesn't necessarily get here. 10 30. But he always gets here before we start. So I'm assuming he probably has like an emergency. I'm, I I would bet money that something happened to him as did Get a text. As opposed to Did Anybody get a text? Ian got a text. Oh, did you? Yeah. Cool. I have nothing. Was it an emergency? Say Mel, you can't boom. You can't be the black Karen, you can't be this Karen. He's already fucking Assigned that title to me. Get you that much. I in your, in your tone. Flip flip's action should not make you fucking blood boil. And especially because you could do what you want to. If your contract reflects that, I probably wouldn't, I wouldn't have asked for.


And, and If you would like to amend it, call Ian after this call. I'm my middle name this month and the rest of this year is amend, amend or another word I can't say. But this is the year. I really wanna know what that word is. Nah, nah, not now. Not now. They'll, there'll come a time. Okay. Oh my. And whenever that time comes, it'll be the top thing in your YouTube algorithm. Damn, This guy's sick. I'm just telling y'all what It is now. But anyway. Gotcha. Okay. Who's ready for some fun? Let's go man. That's good. Ready to pause. Who's ready for some fun Flip your sister, your SISs kick your fucking mail as a Second.


Melby his ass. Yo. No, Mel don't play. She don't play with she be on his ass. But she did it last week and it totally went over my head. She was like, where's flip? I was like, don't speak him up. Shit. It went right over my head. That Karen shit. It's not Karen. He gonna get you. He gonna get you when he get here. He always does. He he gonna get you when he get here? No, I owe him at this point. How much shit he fucking get him out, you know, fucking does to me. I owe him This year. I'm waking up some of the behind the scenes turmoil. I'm waking up, I'm getting to it. Enough of this shit. I'm gonna monetize it. Somehow. I, I got to mark. I feel like understand You already are snitch camera. Nah, no, no, no, no.


Please, please. Hell no. No. I mean like the real I didn like the vice version, the dark side of comedy podcasting. Yeah. Like that part. I used to think this was all Cap. Like when I was watching the show, I thought there was no behind the scenes turmoil. She shit. Oh no. Day two. I was like, oh, all right. Shit. Tension be thick. Yeah. Yo, for real? Yeah. Nah. Thicker than cold grits. Man. I learned fast My girl Mel. That's right. Get that nigga Mel. She, she wants more time with Flip. I be Crushing. Alright man, who am I to fuck tradition of?


Y'all know what time It is. So you, So When y'all know what we doing, y'all know why we here. Y'all know who we beat. Y'all know our body out there man. Best podcast in the whole world. Powered by, sponsored by Fuel, by PrizePicks. PrizePicks gang. Like 76 floors you can Cut. Yes sir. Whatever.


Alright. 97 jz. You know It is say when, Say when Spike Bama out some fire body took shots, hit my body up, I'm tired. What else? Fill me up. Break me down to build me up. Guinea like Hobe kickass again. What else? Cold Got blow though. He's no big and pop, but he's close. I'm supposed to, when they got me fighting, shout To wherever you might be listening from. Whole New York City, whole New Jersey, Detroit. What's good? Shout to the Carolinas. Thank you. Whole Florida. DMB. What's good Boston up. If they like you ain't even the half what they might be. Everybody in Dubai, London. What's going on out there Mike? Go see Martin C Malcolm. You see Biggie C Epoxy success in his outcome. See Jesus C ju.


Congrats to all the winners out there. All the nominees. Success is Like suicide. Suicide. It is a suicide. If you succeed with pay to be crucified. Media medals, niggas sue you. You settle. Every step you take, they remind you. Get on. So it's tough being Bobby Brown to be Bobby then you gotta be Bobby. Now then the question is, is to have had lost Competi not having turn up for me. You know what It Is? Everybody wanna be the king. The shot ring you laying balcony with holes in your dream or your Malcolm XD distracted by screams.


Everybody get channel up. Everybody look at strange. So your chain on like you work that hard to stay sane. Game stayed the same. The name changes. So best for those. Do not overdose on being famous first. King, you so sane that they try to hit the same vein that Kurt Co Bain did. Ow no s So chain was divided to the inter sanctum of yo chain change. Woo. Good God was a monster.


Yeah. Good morning Entrepreneurs out there. I wake up, hit my shoe box, snatch out a few rocks, put the rest inside now ready to put the bomb in my socks so cops can't locate the vow. I ain't freshly dressed for guy. A Colgate smile.


That's right. Throwing the same clothes I had on last night. I got those that to come up with this paper. I got money. All the artists out there Clean up hitters. It works. Everybody that works with artists out there. Put the rest in my small pocket. All the teams. Same routine. I'm running game all The out There back and forth to my stash spot. Hundred dollars a week. Shorty's got the ad. Watch We in started.


Niggas from Show lined up for y'all today. Pop bottle. Hey, These niggas talking outta they neck before. No coughing outta your mouth. Went paranoid but threat. Hey let's get it bro. DOT The money, power, respect. The last one is better. Say Goofy. I hope them sentiments symbolic bipolar. Okay, let's get it up. It's time for him. Be legit. No 40 water tell. Oh yeah, yeah. Get up with me. Sneak this first place to shoot. I hope three switches.


I crash out like fuck this many Mel. If I had two got two Ts with me, I'm snatching. It is Hilarious. In hindsight, It is the funniest thing in the world. In hindsight, he hasn't take it this far. This did not warrant. It did not. This is quickly at all. This was just some rat shit. Me nigga Prince out with all these nine. See pet cemetery Man. Oh man, no I have to go that way. It really did. Well. Yeah, but he told him, I know he did freeze what he told him. Freeze. Take your damn taking it further.


And that's something you don't. He told him he did. Hey, if you tell lies about me, I'll tell he told him. Tell free. Hey. Alright, I'm here for a good time. In a long time, man. Best broadcast in the entire world. No Matter who's here, no matter Who's not. You know what I mean? We hold it down for our Cots, right? We hold it down for the people inside and outside these rooms that may be suffering or going through emergencies. Indeed. Joe Biden. That's what comradery looks like. Huh?


That's what it's like to be a family. It is what it's like to hold black men down, huh? Let's get these drops out the way. Mute. Mute. Get this round of applause Going for the best broadcast crew in the entire universe. Man. I know you can feel the got an amazing cast with me. I got an amazing cast with me, Mel. I'm not going to get my shades. So leave me alone. Leave me alone. I'm not going to get my shades. I want to be bright eyed. I want to be cognizant. I want to be aware. I want to just be my best self. How's everybody doing? What episode is this? 7 97. Welcome to episode 7 97 of the Joe Button podcast. I am your humble, gracious, grateful, highly favored, fully dressed host Joe button here with a few really amazing people.


I got my girl, big M, former Melyssa Ford Legend in the game. The y'all are the fucking vibes, huh? Talk to who? Yeah. YI mean that's all y'all get is a Hootie hoo next to her. Dr. Mark Lamont fucking hillers in the building. Man up. Stop playing with him. Stop playing with him. Mark. How you feeling man? Man, I'm good. I've been on the road off since the last time you seen me man. What'd you say? I've been on the road For the last shit week. I'm exhausted. Yeah, I Seen some speeches. Yeah, I Saw you. I've been everywhere. You was giving it up. Dope bro. Trying man. Yeah, trying man. I got in that flew in from Indianapolis this morning and came straight here. Oh Shit. Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. Was there like a tragedy or something out there?


Like I know they called you like one of the first responses I was giving It is Black History Month. So it's, it's that tie the laws to stop us from It is written by himself. Written by herself. Phyllis Wheatley losing his bag because they thought Negros couldn't read and write. They thought Negros didn't have the capacity to read and write. You knew Joe Biden stop us from learning how to do what read and write. Talk to if we can't read and write what you trying so hard to stop us for Big Mark And the answer. Because America has always known what you are. America has always known who you are. Let's go. America has understood what you're capable of and they will make you think you ain't nothing. At the same time that they exploit your gifts. They'll tell you you lazy and make you a slave.


They'll tell you you dirty and have you clean they house. They'll tell you, you uncivilized. And we raised their Children. Oh my Dr. Mark Lam, they know who you're doctors in the building. Hello. But it's time that you listen to who you are. Hey, fucking bag. Who you're, Hey two different s. That was, that was great. That was great. Thank you. We gotta give it up in the room. Appreciate we gotta give it up in the room for that man. Nah, you went crazy. My nigga walked up to the pastor through Pul Pig. Got in his bag. Dr. Mark Lamont Hill with us in the building. Big freeze is in the building. Yes sir. New Jersey's finest. You know the vibes. Myra Best Parks is in the building.


Huh? Up is here. Flip is here. Corey is here. Vern is here. Dressed like a deacon. Eric Erickson is here. Tanner and Avon are here by remote Last but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys out there are in the building. Alright. I'm Feeling good. I'm well rested. Thankful for God to put breath in our lungs this morning. Hopefully what I'm reading about Irv Gotti is not true. So we start with a prayer for him. Whether it's true or not. 'cause that's my man. Irv, I love you. I'm praying for you. And my prayer is my brother. How's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling? What's going on? You're looking good. You're smelling good. Talk to me. Talk to me now. Oh, here we go. I heard I Got some, I got some news that one of the cast members is questioning my, you know, my privileges.


Ice. And, and, and last time, last, last time that happened. I was extremely mean. So I'm gonna approach this situation more diplomatic. I think it's very bad that we do that. I think that we should worry about oneself and respect each other's private business and not try to put it to the boss to make it seem like somebody's being insubordinate. And I love you Melyssa Ford. What's up with you man? Yo, how'd you hear about that so fast. The streets nigga. Your head to the streets. Streets. Oh, you was, you was down there. You was listening. I was in there in the hallway Right there listening to the whole Thing. Playing it off. Because I wanted to make a grand entrance, but she just threw a wrench in it. Melyssa My is sorry.


I'm sorry. You're not sorry. You, you can do your grand entrance now. Well this that was pretty grand. Yeah. Okay. Melyssa. Okay. Melyssa. I'm on your side. Same Women's rights. Sometimes you on the side of people that's not on yours. Like it's nothing wrong with that. You on, you on that side. Good Nick, thanks. Keep it up. I'll make you fucking feel bad. Just keep it the fuck. Listen. So you better relax. Let's Fo I'm talking about you Better relax. Boy, Yo, I'm glad to see you flip. Are you? Yes. 'cause we'll do sound effects again. Me and my man. Me and my man. Yeah, please stop that. Okay. Gotcha. Yeah Please stop that. But it's good to see you. How you doing? How and I can't wait to hear about how your weekend went. Oh, it looked a little lit. It did. It did. Looked a little lit. It was something.


Okay, So we'll, we'll get to that a little bit later. Thanks for holding me down Joe. Thanks for holding me down as far as don't allow people to, I listened. I don don't allow people to talk about me man. Appreciate that. Appreciate it. We definitely Allowed it Like 10 minutes record. Oh no, I gave some pushback. I ain't let it do that. And I would do the same for any one of you in the event that Mel kicked y'all back to early. She don't publicly. No, Mel don't play. She don't play. Mel Mel She ain here to shit. Alright, come on man. No need to waste time again. Shout de PrizePicks Power by a few by PrizePicks PrizePicks gear S loose S salute.


Let's get right to where y'all wanna start talking with the Grammys man. Wanna star, you know what we starting Grammy, I Thought you were saying which part of the Grammys do you wanna start with? It was a blood bath, Man. Well, First of all, that was the first time in a really long time that I actually watched the entire telecast the entire way through. So it was a really good production. It was watched, I Do have To say that. Watched the pre telecast Me too. The whole way through on the stream. And then turn to television. I do wanna say they should do a better job of advertising the pret telecast. 'cause that's a lot of the awards that we actually care about For Sure. And there's moments that happen in that too, that are noteworthy of being watched. Like Yeah, I do, I do like this year, well, I don't know if they've done it before, but I saw it this year. They had, if you scan the QR code, it put like the run a show up there.


So you were able to see who's, who's presenting and what awards they're gonna present and what performances there were in order. So you could like check in like, all right, this is happening. I know what I wanna see is a little bit Later. Yeah. The opera section. I can yeah. Do Something else once I want, once I saw Jimmy Jam walked out there, say all, here we go. This is what I need to see. Right. So this is where Chris, I was watching the fucking pre-show on e the red carpet show. Yeah. I was watching the regular red carpet shit. That's what I was watching first. 'cause that's like all I could find, like advertised or whatever people posted now. I was like, okay, I guess I'll watch this. And then I went to the website and saw the other shit. Yeah. And I was like, okay, cool, I'll watch my laptop. And then I was like, let me see if it's on YouTube buried somewhere. And it was on there.


Oh it was? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I just watched it straight on the stream. That's, I I I'm just saying they should, they should make that a little bit more clear. I agree. Do y'all want to start with some winners and congratulate people or should I just go right to my notes? Big dog. I'm happy for Breezy. You know, absolutely Happy for Breezy. Gotta Be. Yeah. I just been tweeting about that. Chris Brown. I'm Still In the, Lemme hit the round of applause. You got some notes? Yeah. No notes. No, I said I wore my Chris Brown shirt. Let's go Freeze. I said the round of applause for Chris Brown. Absolutely. He Finally winning Best RB album of the year. And he beat out some heavyweights Well deserved. I thought Usher might get well deserved. I would've Blew, I'd have shot my TV if Usher. But that's how the Grammys be Working though.


You know, they they do. Yeah. I I was really expecting Usher to win that. I thought, I thought they would. I thought Lucky Day might get it. That's another one. The Grammy baby. That was a good album too. It was a great out. So, but, but Chris Brown deserved it. He did deserved it for sure. I think he deserved award before that. He was nominated for best r and b performance for Residuals. Which is, that's one that you were, you were root for. That's the one. Yeah. I I didn't even think he had a chance on, honestly, for a r and b album. I didn't think they would do that. I Residuals is a, is a smash record though. It's heavy radio play. Like the, the song is everywhere. Yeah. So I just knew he would win the award for that one. If the Grammys are at the point where they're trying to change things Now they seem to be, But Money Long ended up winning for the BET Live version of her record.


So I was like, That's interesting. It was very interesting to me. But the very, She did smoke that performance. She did? Mm, she did. That Was a really good perform. I Just didn't know that Live Performances were eligible for individual awards in this matter. Is it A new category? No, it was, No, I guess it was following was RB performance. It was released. So, but it was after the fact. I don't know, whatever Congrat she released, she's released multiple live versions of that song. So there's the BET version and then there's a another version she's done. So yeah, this one was Grammy eligible N one. And congratulations to her friend did the show. Yeah. She's amazing. But then they did the RB album and he beat out Lucky Day Usher Layla Hathaway. Like he beat out some, some names.


I stood up, I was cheering in the crib. I went and got me a bottle. I I felt like I You Chris Brown fan like that? Or you just thought He whoop Yes, you popped some mo. Wow. Oh yeah. No, he, he, No. Yes. I don't play. We love Bri. I don't play. Wow. Yeah. I don't play. Same. But Ice probably has me beat. Yeah. I, I love, I like him. I just, you know, I don popping No for Him. Absolutely. Pop Ice goes to meet. I appreciate his talent. If it wasn't for that, if it wasn't for that very dark Grammy night ages ago, we would be singing a different story about Chris Brown. That's fact who he is. I should like to see Chris Brown at the Grammys at some point. Yeah. They, They could used him this year. Yeah. But for that Michael Jackson. Yeah. We'll jump We'll we'll get to it.


Okay. No, no, I was saying, did You finish? Nah, I just, I was just happy. Like I felt, I felt like I won the fucking Grammy. You did? That's, I was dead ass. Wow. And, and a lot of Chris Brown fans, fans that I talked to, we all felt the same way. Like, yo, they album finally. Yeah. He's had amazing projects. So it's like, but you always get overlooked. Sometimes you don't even get nominated. I think it, it was just a good feeling. So congratulations to him. The whole team breezy. Like this was, this was amazing. Wow. Very first on my notes is, oh, they playing with Babyface. Nah. Yeah. That was crazy. That was ugly. That Was disgusting. That was ap.


Here we go. Pop and and Rock as well. Yes. I think it's interesting. Chapel. Chapel. You guys wanna do that? Go do that. So sorry, How Boy was I sick to my stomach watching this while I'm in my clips? I'll just play it. The bullshit apology. Did you put, did you see before that, I'm sorry about Interrupting Babyface Earlier. Wait, lemme say The apology. Chappell Roan had come up and there was a lot Of actually fuck the Apology. Yeah, it Was, he was prior, like that clips started a little late before that. They were talking to him and they asked him about what does he think about the resurgence of women in in r and b and about this new sound.


This new sound of r and b. That's kind of fusing. Yeah, that was the question that she was, she was in. Yeah, but I'm just saying in the middle, in the clip. Got it. You asking Babyface this dog like, nigga, I, I'm the reason for this. He's the architect. Yeah. He wrote, wait, next and sound train. What you Oh man. I was, I was, I was, I was. They were out of their depth. The Question. They were out of their big time. They were out of their depth. But, so it was two girls, the one that was actually posing the question when she heard her counterpart calling for chapel, she was, she elbowed her and looked completely mortified. So like they're both being crucified. But it really was like the idiot with the gray dress on. It was like, oh my god. Chapel.


Yeah. It was just crazy. You know, you're Not supposed the face. And you just talked about that you did on the po literally you just talked about how they do That. You just said that. How they do that on the red carpet, because those red carpets get a little tricky. If and if you've ever been on one both as an artist and as a reporter, it's a lot going on. It is a lot going on. So I want to extend that grace. Yeah. To these two music deaf white people that did this interview and the ap. I thought this was totally disrespectful. Extremely very. But but par the course for what happens on, on a red carpet. But to interrupt Babyface 12 time Grammy award-winning, recording, artist, songwriter, producer, over 800 million records sold produce fucking, we Don't gotta run A hundred Baby face.


We maybe do. Yeah, maybe we do. We maybe do. Yeah. Maybe some people don't know we owed. Yeah, I I'll just Say 125 top 10 hits, 45 number. Jesus. One RB hits 16. Number one pop hits like baby faces Babyface. And I am put some, I am putting some of this onus on him. I am. What do you mean You don't talk to shit Fact that you, Because stop. Don't talk to them. Why you talking to them now? I put it on all of us. 'cause if they invited me to the Grammy red carpet to talk to the people that are legends that music people know are legends, I wouldn't go like I wouldn't do it. And the Grammys are not inviting people that know about music really on the red carpet to speak to these people.


And Babyface want to get in front of the camera or the microphone, microphone of platforms that he may not nor typically be in front of. But he shouldn't be talking to them. But, well, you babyface at all times. You babyface. But he's also extremely gracious and we really saw that when that whole kerfuffle was going on between him and Anita Baker when she was on tour. So he's just known to be a very gracious man. That's number one. And number two, this Grammy's was particularly important just because of what happened in la, the wildfire. So they really, that was front and center, you know, donations to everybody that had lost in the, in the wildfire. So LA Was, what do they have to do with Babyface talking to ap and these two white people Don't Know who he's meaning you asked why he was even there and I No, no, no, no.


Said why he was there. He there. Why you talking to them? He, why are you there Speaking to these Like Beyonc stopping? Yeah. And my counterpoint to number one. Wait, what was number one again? Say it again. Is that He's a very gracious man. Okay. I think that that's performative. Okay. That's performative. If you watch Babyface versus Teddy Riley, you know who Babyface is, how he feels about himself, his catalog, his discography and up peons out there. But that could all of that being nice shit is humble artist shit. Even how you ended this, yo do that. Oh, you wanna do that? Go do that. Like Babyface is slick with it.


Behind the scenes. Even that shit. He said Anita Baker, humble, gracious, all of that performative shit. But you know how you feel about Anita Baker for real. But that's, but in our 35 Year, but that's what Grace is, is even when you know exactly who the fuck you are, you are still, you're not braggadocious about it. You're not who, who the, you know who the fuck I am. No, that is what Grace is. When you know exactly who you are and you choose to give a muted response, that's what Grace is. That's number one. And number two, just because these two young girls, you know, I, I get it by on site, but Associated Press is an extraordinarily respectable media outlet. That is why he would've stopped to talk to Are they baby face It, it, I'm not, I'm not trying to make this I'm speak Go ahead.


I I'm, no, no, I'm saying I'm gonna fight with me. I'm not fighting with you. I'm just, we ain't just talking. I know. I'm just making a point as to why he would've, these two girls aren't just like, hi, this is our blog. They're with the Associated Press. You know, so, and that is a very respectable long running media, media outlet. So that is I so that's why he would've stopped to talk. And it's also, You already know how red carpets are. It's a row. So he was probably making his way down the row. You can look at the things on the floor to see who everybody is. You're like, I can skip that. You know, have a publicist kind of shooing you along. Oh Babyface, we got Associated Press over here and you kind of get maneuvered along. That's how it happens. So that's probably how he ended up there.


But also I get that, oh it's okay, it's Associated Press. This makes sense for me to stop and talk to you. I can see Why he, I'm saying that he shouldn't have. Okay. I'm saying he shouldn't have. Okay. You saying He shouldn't have done the red carpet at all? Is there anybody he was, you think he should stop for? Maybe I just don't feel like Babyface should ever appear to be on the new act. Stroll. There's really no need for Babyface to be talking to AP right now. So I'm asking you, do you think he should have, he should have stopped and talked to anybody on the red carpet or just not done the red carpet? If there was a vet there, I guess it, I think it's speak to the Continuation, speak to the music outlets that sent knowledgeable people to do this.


Not just needed a presence there because it's the Grammys and now we going disrespect some of the kings and queens of black music. So like if Rolling Stone is on the carpet, maybe do that. But not if they sent somebody knows music. It is like you go on the Rolling Stone and the person that you're sitting with mispronounce your name. That's, that's what It is the equivalent of. Right. But You wouldn't know that that person is gonna mispronounce your name until they do it. One, two, if it's just mom and pop publication, you're not going at all. But because it's Rolling Stone. Alright, I'll go there. That's kind of what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah, because it's ap. Alright, cool. I'll stop here. Now you realize this is a doof and don't know what the fuck they talking about. I think yo Go do that. But I think, I think which which is a problem too. 'cause AP has music reporters, AP has a department.


They're one of the few news organizations that didn't shrink the way everybody else did. They just chose the cheap, they went on the cheap. They got these young, that's what it sound like, young white girls who were fanning out over chapel room and who had no professionalism at all. That's it. And I've worked a lot of, not a lot. I've worked a decent amount of red carpets as an interviewer. And sometimes you do get stuck with the not stuck. You get the person who you like and then you see outta the corner of your eye, this person who you'll get a raise if you get, or the person you keep your job. And for them, Chappell Roan is that person. And Babyface is not. But what you do is you phase out the interview, you change the question, you pivot or you cut them short in a way that doesn't look like you cut them short. They Basically, this white girl was ducking. Yeah. She like and maneuvering while Babyface is talking, looking all goofy in the face.


This girl, Yeah, she was One doing the interview. She could have very easily went over and tried to recruit. That's what done Chap For the done. And then to just scream out Chapa Chapa that was talking like, I think number one is Ka I I don't think Beyonc is talking to nobody that's going to call her a different name or that's going not know her projects or that's gonna not know what she's been up to. But, but she Wouldn't know. You Wouldn't know. Man. Babyface is Babyface. I don't want to hear this shit. Babyface is damn near on the fucking Rushmore. Yeah. The Mount Rushmore of of music. Especially RB music song, whatever It is. Yeah, that's True. That's true. Come on. Because if if if, if Beyonce's doing a sit down interview with Rolling Stone, she knows who that interviewer is before they even Yes. There's a lot of checks and balances that will happen during that time.


This is a red carpet. It's frenzy. Totally different. You know, it's, That shit happened to Gorilla. That shit happened to a new act. That shit not happen to baby fix. The craziest shit is they gorilla before Pro. Exactly. Because of how young they were. And that's what a lot of these publications are doing. They're sending out, you know, people, kids, they're sending out kids basically who might have like a, a strong presence online because of their blogs and stuff like that. But they're not journalists, they're not music journalists. And they don't have like, you know, an ency encyclopedia kind of memory or knowledge about who everybody is on the heart. They Might have heard your Name exactly, but they're not gonna understand the power of Babyface. Like you just said when you were running down his accomplishments, you just said we're old.


They are not. So they probably will, they do not know the impact of the man that was standing in front of, they know the name, but they do not know the impact. They know it fucking now Half of y and maybe they still don't. Half of y'all out there was probably born and conceived to Babyface. Yep. Agreed. Babyface disrespect will not be tolerated by music lovers, especially black music lovers. What's next on my list? Trevor Noah is talking really fast in the opening. Okay, Listen. My notes. Yeah, I'm supposed to do it. I was watching and just writing. Yep. He did sound like he was on the adder roll to me during the opening. He seemed Nervous to me. Like, like not nervous. Like I've never been here before.


But nervous. Like, you know, he, he don't do it every day anymore. He, he was, he was, he was rushing his jokes a little bit because I thought they were, they were funny but they were Like, they were fast. Yeah, they were very, it it was fast. I mean I thought he did a good job, but it was rushed. And I would like Jesse Collins shout out to Jesse and everybody that put these awards, put these awards together. But It is time for y'all to consider new host options. It is. They playing it safe bro. I like Trevor, but I do like Trevor. I feel I Do too. Yeah. I'd like to see Cardi B host a Grammy's. Mm. Just think out the box. It's always Trevor. It is always Kevin. It's always Chris Rock. It's always ta haji. It is always playing the safe.


It's the same people. Yeah. The safe blacks. Yeah. Trevor is like king safe black. All right. All right. Let's get this party started with some shery crow in the doors. That opening number door open. That open number sucked. Who was That? I don't know. I don't remember the name of the group. Let's get this Grammy party started. They brought up John Legend and who? Brittany Howard. It was like a little unstop. Oh Yeah. John, John Legend was there. Oh no, no, no. That was so that's one of my notes. John Legend was there all day. What do mean? Like the pre-show that I was watching that started at like two o'clock. He was there and he was like the only celebrity that was there that early.


So every award, you know, they gotta show somebody. They just kept showing John Legend. John Legend. I was like, dog reminds me of like me coming up as a rapper trying to find a cipher in any jersey hood. John Legend is gonna find a singing cipher if there is one. Or Piano C. We Asked him or a piano cipher. You're absolutely right. He found she crow in the doors. It wasn't the do I saw Two. Y'all tell me who that was. That was the door. Fair Enough. Alright. But she got this party started. So when that happened, I'm thinking to myself, okay, same old I thought no, when I saw that little performance, I was like, oh, this music might not be that good tonight. I went and grabbed the vacuum.


Okay, I got it. Sorry. I started vacuuming over the doors. It Was Cheryll, not the Doors man Or what it was. It was Sheryl Crow, Brittany Howard St. Vincent, who ends up St. Vincent, who ends up wearing winning an award later on. He Said she won like 50,000 awards in that pre ceremony. Oh, okay. Taylor and Griffin. Goldsmith of Daws. Brad Paisley, who's a country artist and John Legend. So that was this. And they were singing I Love la which is a Randy Newman song in a tribute to Okay. Everything that happens that's Awesome to la that's if I had a lasso and knew how to use it, I would've yanked them niggas off the Yeah, She Stok. Yeah. That was the Sandman out there. Yeah, it was horrible. Bring it back to Apollo, I get to say to me. But that was that stoke.


Yeah. Like it even made the vacuum noise sound bad when I vacuumed. That was a fucking mess. Oh man. And I'm thinking to myself, oh boy, here we go. Same old Grammy whitewash, just soulless sauce less cool. But I did vacuum him. Let's see, I knew Kanye wasn't invited. I knew Kanye wasn't invited. So he just crashed the party? Well, No, he crashed the red carpet. Oh. And then left. He got to the red carpet with his naked, with his naked wife. Oh God. Did the red carpet and left and got back in the car and left. And, and while he was doing that, I'm, I'm talking to my girl. I'm like, no way.


He was invited there. Nobody knew. He wasn't invited there. Was he nominated or anything? No. Yes. Yes. Was he? Yeah. Carnival was nominated. Yeah, he had one nomination. Oh, so he wasn't invited. Yeah, he, so there was, there was a rumor that he got like, asked to leave and then bumped in and said that, that he actually was allowed to be there. I don't think they expected him on a red carpet though. It was clear they didn't expect him on a red carpet. No, they didn't Expect her Red carpet like that. They did not. I feel sorry for her man. Why? Why? Oh, let me see how you pull this one off. No, no, no, no, no. I I'm not saying like she's, she looks like she's in a cult. Her, I, whenever I look at her, she don't look like she, she looks like she's not all the way there. That's what I, I get, I get like cult member vibes from her. That's all.


And I, I worry about her. That's all. You know what I mean? That's the look that, That's the look that women get when you make eight and nine figures. Oh, is that, I wouldn't know. That's the look. Is that, is that the look? I wouldn't, so I'm assuming that Kanye would be The cult leader. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I, I'm, and to be clear, I'm not blaming Kanye. I'm, I'm saying that Kanye got his stuff. I feel sorry for Kanye in a lot of ways. I worry about him. Like when I saw his tweets, when I saw his, all his social media stuff, I was like, he might be backing. Either he got an album coming out or he's not in a good space. And when I see her, I feel like this is somebody else who's not in a good space when I saw, but to walk down that carpet, take off the take off your coat, be butt ass naked basically, and then walked back on. That's not normal people's shit. You know what's funny about that? Is it, but Lady and I, and I thought this when I saw them two on the red carpet and people were tweeting and cheering their opinion, which Mayor Georges somewhat, I think a lot of people totally miss that.


At least a third of Kanye's discography is about his porn addiction. Yes. That's real. Yeah, I think that's true. I think he, I think he was able to do that like very subtly to where nobody notices Most of what he talks about is a sex addiction and a porn addiction. And when you keep that in the forefront of your mind, everything makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. It it makes it awesome. Yeah. But why, why I want to come to a black man doing it. It has to be something wrong with him. But when the white lady came up there dressed like a fucking meatloaf, It is just Lady Gaga doing shit that ain't right. Nothing wrong with that nigga. He just went to go troll those walls.


Ain't nothing wrong with him. He went to go troll. Fuck you niggas. I'm here. I'm Kanye West, said I'm gonna leave. I got my, I got my naked white girlfriend here. We gonna do what we want when Lady Gaga. In Fairness, there's a little bit of a difference. But First of all, the white people thought and still think to this day, that lady Gaga's a little off. Yeah. Yeah. But but they didn't treat it like that. Treat it like what? They didn't treat it like how my man's saying it then. Oh, she, she's going see something wrong with her. They're just like, this lady Gaga doing what Lady Gaga does. Lady Gaga's also a artist and a celebrity and a creative. And Kanye West is also an artist. I'm I'm talking about Bianca. I'm talking about Bianca Soor. I'm not talking about Kanye, I'm talking about her. But you said that Got you. So basically she's his prop is what you're saying. So whatever his creative, but that's how whatever his creative thought is, she's, She's the, and that's the problem for me.


I'm explain, I don't understand. She like was his prop. Like that's what he do. But she's, yeah. And Amber was His prop, but she's a voluntary prop. Yeah. I'm she's being used to manipulate it. I'm just saying. I don't, I don't like looking at it. I'm just, I'm not, I, again, I'm not blaming, I'm not making a judgment because Kanye, for Kanye doing it. I'm just saying I don't like it. Kanye bro. Kanye's an attention seeker. He know, you know that when I hit this carpet, what can I do to make everybody say, oh shit. Kanye, Kanye, Kanye. So then, so why doesn't he just Come naked? He's doing that for years. Why doesn't he just come fucking naked? Because I don't have to look at her. Exactly. Look at her. I always have a heart and nobody wanna See that. Yeah. We'd rather see you. And that's what she's did for. And Kanye's been attention seeking since day one. It's getting gross. Every Every girl that I've had, I bring them up here.


Amber, Look at her. I'm, we're gonna go up here with the Henny bottle. All of this. So you look at her, Kim, you looking at her? I'm making, this is my, I'm I'm an artist and this is my quote unquote art I want y'all to look at. Also, this is the it place to be in the music business right now. So who's, who is here? Yes. I have to find a way that my name is The Talk while all of y'all are here. Yeah. That's what he do. Well, if he showed up naked, then that would definitely get everybody talking rather than having her as a prop. We talking about it right now. When she showed up Naked Facts, facts didn't really want to, and I and and also where's the Lip Readers? Because they had an exchange right before she turned around and took that fucking coat off.


And I'm just trying to find out what they said because it did not look like she was like, okay, I'm about to do it. She looked, it looked like a, an Exchange. And I'm gonna tell you, you said you didn't want to A couple of us. It was some nice titties she had. So we was all right. We wasn't complaining About it. I listen, I will give credit words too. Look at Titties. They're fucking gorgeous. Titties wasn't bad. They're nice Titties. They're hard to not look at the titties. They're right there. I About to say that's kind all they all that. Yeah. No, even my girl was like, oh my God, where's her pussy lip? I didn't look. I did not look. Yeah, It looked paying attention To her personality. It Looked like her. I don't want to see nobody's wife being, being paraded around like that. Like that's not, that's all I was saying. That's not my bag. That's what I'm saying. Yours. That's what I'm Saying. Yeah. But I'm not lost as to why it's happening.


Oh, I know why it's happening. And he does have a project on He Does. Yeah. It off it all tracks. Like I said, I'm not, I'm not surprised by, and yo you know how some niggas be Cs? Like he could be a public cuck. He could be in some shit where I want y'all looking at my girl Know. Could be a about y'all better go listen to Kanye West Lyrics Talking about some college dropout. If we didn't have a lot to get to, I would play all of these songs when he's telling you this. But he's telling us first verse of Runaway the whole life of Pablo project. Oh, he was all through his verse on Watch the Throne. Like Yeah, they're all, Hey, this is what I'm on. Yeah. Sorry. Freak ball. Listen to lyrics more. Let's see. Back to these notes.


Sheryl Crow, Kanye. Why was Billy Eilish dressed like that? I I had the same note. I was trying to think of what she was dressed like and I still can't figure it out. Really. It Was like a page boy or Now like a, A male man that Was hanging out the skate park in 1990. That's Her bag girl. Oh yeah. That is her bag. Look at she's, yeah, she's always androgynously dressed. She got, she got some titties and she don't want y'all looking at, Hey girl, that's what It is. I don't want y'all to sexualize me. Biden is out. All right. Over. Hey Trump. Hey Trump. Trump is in now. Hey, we wear the girl clothes. You can't say that. Fucked up. Fuck up What I'm saying.


But I'm saying get dressed. Get dressed like you fucking nominated for album of the year. The best artist Or, or that she's Bill fucking Eilish and I'll show up. How the fuck I want. And I won these awards before dressed like this. Yes. Wait, wait. That's my brother. That was when Biden was in. Give a Shit. You won When Biden was in dressed like a fucking cabbage patch kid. Now It is. Not now. It is not the time. Sorry. She, She looks like she hopped right out the Honda Civic. Yeah, The Japanese bird pizza. So she get up there with her brother. They do this little light at F Yacht. Rock slap. That's a slap too. That's, That's not y'all. It's a slap though. It's a slap. She's fired. She's fired. She's, she is fire.


I mean, I'm just, what, what would drive her wear? I'm not a stylist. I'm saying just what Don't drive him. He just said don't Trump's in office dressed like a girl. That's What he said. Whoa. That's what he just said. Careful. That was a joke. Melyssa for Oh God. So That's what he Just said. Yes. It was a joke. The person that made the joke is telling you the joke. You about to piss me off. Not even 30 minutes into this. I see what you on. Stop it. Jesus. No, I would like her to dress like she was nominated for album of the fucking year, whatever that is. Hell though, years. She nigga that hat, Fuck that first year she had that skateboard P shit On. That's not skateboard. P, Not Pharrell skateboard piece.


Wasco. She Had Skateboard E on caught shit. She Was a sub pool Chiko Yo. And I tried to turn the TV all the way up to hear what her brother was giving on the mic next to with the little guitar. I ain't hear none of them. Little background bro. Far up. He was the lowest background vo I heard the whole night. But shout it up. Shout, shout to Billie Eilish. She looked great and all that skateboard piece shit she had on whatever. Hey and what the fuck are you wearing by Jayden Smith? Yeah. 'cause Didn didn't even write him down. I did not even write that down. Yeah. Does anybody know what the castle on his head was supposed to? Or hat? I don't know. House what it was supposed to Represent nigga. They told me he was a house nigga.


Yeah. That's Funny. So that's what they said. I don't know. It Was a house nigga. Wait, is that what was happening? That's, this nigga is crazy. That a twist jump stopped. No, I didn know. They said that stop and freeze. They Kept, it was like, yo, you don't get it. He's a house nigga. Oh Okay. It was a few st. Stylists that should be fired. Jayden Smiths is one of 'em. He did that itself. But we give Grace. That was him. 'cause he grew up with fucking August Alena them. Who knows what he's seen. We kind of just assume Jaden Smith to be little different than if your best friend takes other kids. If your best friend takes down your mom, best friend, It is. This stuff don't fuck you up psychologically.


But on the flip side, Willow looked fantastic on that Carpet. She Did? How Was here? I believe it though. She looked beautiful and she had a great album last year. So I wanna know if they had the same room growing up or if they was No man. You don't know. I mean, other rooms was the dunion. You don't know. You don't know what? I promise you that nigga that they got enough money to get 15 Dun. They don't have y'all. They had their own pool houses and shit. No, they was Jada's dungeons. You talking about that nigga? Alright, moving on. Move that I ice. Back to the notes. Back to the notes. Look at this. A white lady tap dancing. Oh, I was fucking that night.


What? Who? Who was that? Sabrina Carpenter. Oh yeah. I love Sabrina Carpenter though. She killed it. Alright, so go ahead and do that. First go. You know. No, Go ahead and do that. Do that. I'm you do that. I'm just saying salute to her. She won. What? What award did she want? Best Stone? No, you don't even know. I love her. Best Pop. Best Pop Something A white, she Won the big pop. She won a big pop award. Big The big Pop al award for a very good album. For a very good album. A great album actually. I's Sabrina Carl. You heard You heard Espresso though? You knew like the big hits. Yeah. Yeah. She, I mean this is a fifth album and she kind of, she was a, y'all don't know she was in Girl Meets World. She was like a Disney kind of star that actually like Hannah More than Hannah Montana, I would say actually became an actual legitimate musician.


And she made a great album. And she's a, she's a legit pop star. And I think she, she's got a big future. And I think, well your hand Montana is Miley Cyrus, right? Yeah. Yeah, that's what I said. She's the same trajectory in terms of going from like Sure, sure. Being like a, a TV kid to try to make Real music. It gets confusing. 'cause they don't really change the white pop star prototype. Right. She's just a Lot more talented. They all kind of rehash Miley's talented each other. Yeah. I don't do that than my Oh, CYS talented. But I'm saying Sabrina's much of, much better at making pop records and making pop hits. Listen to the album. Just listen to the album. I'll But Mile's Got Mad hits. I'm not questioning her hit making a bill. I don't like the albums. Some pop albums are just like hit machines and she's, she's handing Montana. So you're gonna sell records. I'm saying Sabrina Carpenter, if she never was on TV and you just put that album on, I think you would like it. Okay.


Sabrina Carpenter is dope. Like a lot of the, the, the great white hypes, like the ones that sell all the records that they got all the stocking at the labels. They are dope and talented. So my note here is not to say anything disparaging about her. This is the white pop acts as a whole when you finish with your amazing vocals and the amazing backdrop and the, and the choreo and all that. And then it's the break in the song where you gotta do something saucy for the audience. Don't do the kickball change. No, that was the stiffest tap dancing I ever seen out of a pop star. You gonna the audience trying to front for She Killing?


No she's not. No she was not. It was stiff. That shit needed. What's the name of that oil you put on the door? Oh yeah. Sabrina Cison WD 40 and she ain't the only white that did had to turned the swing of the MPC a little bit. Yeah, but but she killed, she killed she she won. Best Pop Volkswagen Best. Hey, wait till y'all see Gregory Hinz. Hey and S when y'all get a loaded up. Oh my God. You want Be Best Pop Solo Performance and Best Pop Vocal album. Yeah, album. That's shout out to Sabrina. Alright, shout out to the white lady. Tap dancer. Go ahead Sabrina.


Okay. We sell out sometimes, nigga. Let's see. Doshi wins. Doshi wins. Wins. Get this Cardi lady out the way. Yes, Cardi. This is what a woman rapping. Yo, I was bugging out. Go to Cardi. Trying to stand there. Ah girl. Get your head. Make room for a girl. That raps still. Oh, I don't care if y'all not comfortable. I wrote notes. We see. So Cardi and it made sense for Cardi to introduce her only three, three women and yada yada yada. I was super happy for Doshi. Same. Absolutely. So happy. I Loved her speech.


Her speech was crazy. There were, speech was great. The same reaction that you had to Chris Brown. Same reaction I had to Doce winning because that was a loaded fucking category. It was with heavyweights. It was, yeah. And she was the only woman nominated. I was so happy for her. Like, so happy And, and it well deserved. She deserved it too. For sure. And there's a lot of talk out there about who deserved their award and who didn't. I'm not here to do that. Everybody that won that, that was probably one of the greatest nights of their lives. I'm not here to try to reign on that parade at all. One, I would say Doshi did the work. If you watch these artists, I say it every year, Grammy time. If you watch them during the year, you could see who's doing the Grammy prep work.


That's true. Yeah. Though she's been on every stage in front of every interview. She's been, she's been and she's killing the interview. She's dominated. She's done it correctly. She's killing tiny desk. Everything she's done, her and her album was absolutely fire. If it gets to the music. You have a hard time picking any one of those albums as head and shoulders greater than hers. I, I don't, I don't, I don't See that. I agree. I don't See that. Congratulations to Doci. And in hindsight, now that you see how the night went to the people that are saying she didn't deserve whatever, Hey, let's pretend You right. Once you see how the night went, The right ones there. So right there, They let you know.


They let you know right there. This is a game about leverage. Who you know, who you work with, who backs you. Once you seen Kendrick doing the rack up, you could have heard the phone call in your head between TDE and the Grammy board. We skipped it 'cause it's gonna be a whole thing. But the rack up started early. That started at 1:00 PM Eastern Standard Time like Sure Did. Actually let's rewind a little bit. 'cause this was a giveaway for me too. They showed Lucien a lot and early more than I was used to. Yeah. I can't say that. I can't say that. I've seen a Grammy's where he was highlighted the way he was at the table in the opening when I Yeah.


And all throughout mean I saw him giving Dr. Dre a high five. Yeah. Oh, slow down. Oh yeah. Slow down. No, We gonna Get to that. We're we're getting to the high five. Mm. But yeah, that was a, that was a, that was a sign of things to come. Let's see what else we got here. Doshi wins. Congratulations to her. Oh. Should Cardi be scared of what that symbolizes That's what I wrote here. I don't think so. No. Yes, for sure. 100% not Doshi winning is why It is hard for some people to catch, catch a hit right now with whatever your old formula was. It is symbolic of the, the year that we've had in hip hop with like rappers rapping and dropping certain trends that were in a few years ago.


Not being all the way and now though she winning and, and them making sure she won. Symbolizes a turn. A change of things to come. I Agree with you when I put on my optimist glasses. Yeah. But I do think there is a separation between awards and critical response versus commercial response. A Thousand percent. I'm not sure that Cardi or her people give a fuck if she wins a Grammy if she sells a bazillion fucking singles. Which I think she will. Not just that like, it's like saying Killer Mike won last year, right? Yeah. That didn't spearhead where hip hop really went this year.


I just think that some of the heavy hitter commercial people didn't, I argue you Kind of did. They didn't drop. Who didn't Drop the heavy hitter commercial? They didn't Drop. See I'm not talking about them. I'm talking about all the people that rap and are typically overshadowed by all the commercial monsters. The Monsters didn't come out. That's what I was trying to say. Like the, The, but that's kind of my point too. Like the music business still has to run when your A level acts don't drop. True. So now the, the B level or C level, no disrespecting nobody calling them B or C. But now they get the opportunity to get some shine that they might Not have gotten it all in terms of priority labor. Priority. Not, not talent. Talent or skill, not talent. But then Also think about what happened this year. A lot of this year was taken up about with Kendrick and Drake.


Who the fuck wanted to drop in the middle of all that Shit? Me. If the renters do Or if I'm a heavy head, I don't give a fuck what they doing. Ready do I gotta call Azi. Gotta get this empire. Shit. He fucking crazy. The first came fast as hell for February. Sure did. Oh yeah. Nah. New Year's Was the other day. Some bullshit Shit happened fast. That shit happened fast.


Alright, we'll take a quick break 'cause it's my favorite part of the show. PrizePicks. All right. The big game is almost here and It is now or never. Don't miss out on the last football game of the season. With PrizePicks the best place to win real cash money while watching the big game. PrizePicks is also giving away a free pick for the big game. Patrick Mahomes only needs to throw one yard to win. If you're correct on at least one more stat projection, you can win real cash money. Also check out the promo tab to tell any of our super sweet Milli winners big game lineups. If you tell a lineup that goes three for three, you can win a split of $1 million in promo funds. Also, all Star Weekend is almost here and PrizePicks is the best place to win real cash while watching your favorite players during the game. And the Saturday night events like the dunk contest, the three point contest and the skills contest. Alright, last game of the year. Gimme Xavier worthy for more than 80 receiving yards. I feel like he has to show up if they win. Okay, gimme Sequan Barkley for more than 100 rushing yards. Safe Bet. Gimme Jalen Hertz for a rushing Tud. Yes. I'm taking it. Little push. Yeah, yeah. Touchy tush push. Oh yeah, It is happening. Yeah. And gimme Mahome. Gimme Mahome for more than 250 pass yards. That's I don Dunno about that one. We'll See that Just scares me. If he want to be in the game, it better be more than two. Oh hey Pacheco ain't about to get this done. Not alone. Anyway, let's see if you download the app today and use promo code JBP, you get $50 instantly while playing your first $5 lineup. I repeat, download the app today and you will get $50 instantly. Use promo code JBP and good luck to all participants out there. Run your game. Big PrizePicks. Big PrizePicks. Big PrizePicks.


Alright. Back to the Grammys. Yep. Back to one thing we was talking about with Doshi winning. 'cause she did win rap album of the year. Big Doshi friend of the show. Absolutely. And y'all were saying how you, you know, you think her winning could kind of shift, shift hip hop or something? I, I don't think so. Nah. And I say that because I'm looking here. Once they change the eligibility and, and Chance won that award in 2017. The rap album of the year category has had a lot of obscure, not really commercial. Yes. You know, the, the winners Chance won 2017. Now granted damn won 2018, Cardi B 2019.


But Tyler for Igor was 2020 Nas and hit boy. King's Disease was 2021. Tyler call me if you get Lost was 2022. So it's like it's not Great Point. The super commercial album. Oh, Tyler commercial Tyler's. But now look at who he was. Look at the even the nominations. The nominee. Yeah. And Nas was a IOU. Yeah, good point. It was, but I'm just saying, but I think this is a great point that you made. Even, even the nominees like, you know, we had Jay elect Royce, the Five nine Freddy Gibbs. Yeah, no, no disrespect to anybody, but these are not your big commercial acts. True. You're nominated in the Grammy category for best rap album. Right. So I'm with you.


I don't think that changes anything. I wrote here in the notes that Grammy night is every artist talks with their team knight more so than any other night in music. I don't know why I wrote that. That's probably off of the Do she win. But that was just good to think about for me. Like as you watch these awards and you're an act, you gonna call your label, your team, your publicist, your somebody with a new thought, with a new idea, with some things that we could do differently to succeed differently or be recognized differently. Like a lot of talks was happening that night for sure. Especially with watching what was going on. I think the next segment was the new artist segment, Right?


No. No, not yet. Okay, next I have this red-haired white lady is the stiffest. Is the stiffest Choreo moving. And they cannot hide it with these dancing clowns that they got. Oh. He's talking about Chappell Roan and Pretty Pink Pony or Shirt, Pink Pony Pussy. I don't know some shit. Again, It's a cute song. Bring out the WD oil. Pink Pony Club. Pink Pony Club. Thank you. They tried to mask it with the clowns doing the mean type shit. But that girl cannot move a lick at all. She can't move a lick. Sounded great. Sounded great. It is just white people's movements.


They just ain't got it. Yeah, but they keep trying to have it and they isolate like the, the words drop from the beat and then they get to movement and And it highlights. Yeah. 'cause they dancing to the words nigga, that's ain't no beat no more dancing to the She don't, She Ain got no beat. We could Go down to do that again. Poking. And I know, and I know I'm right 'cause as soon as that lady got off the stage, they pan to Money Long's face. Which is my favorite thing in the music business now. That's my favorite thing. Cameras pan panning to money. Long's face Money Long is thinking whatever I'm thinking she look like, What the fuck nigga?


What the fuck? You kidding me? Bitch. This fucking bitch up here. Like you gotta be, she ain't even give a slow clap. Shout out to Money Long. Another friend of the show for sure. Nah, we had some Grammy winners up here. Let's see here. What do I have here? Taylor Swift looks great and is thick now in parentheses I have Taylor Swift is Mother White. And what is the opposite of Ozempic? Because she's on it. Taylor Knows. Wait to gain weight. Wait, hold on. What's Mother? Hold up. Hold on. I'm step on this joke. I'll step on his joke. You know that's his bag? No, it's not gr it's not Grit. It's Cream of wheat.


That's the white Version. Re or some porridge here. There we go. Porridge, Porridge. Por. She made ice spice loses so she could gain this Judge Viol Ice Spice. That's what she did. Hell, she borrowed it. Yeah. Okay. Good point. Can we put an A PB out on Ice Spice? Where is Ice Spice? Can we have all our people go surveil the Bronx and find this young lady that they tried to stuff in our face? And I'm only bringing it up because don't go away when your ops win all the awards. She was talking slick about Doshi. Really? What? Yes. No, y'all Just not in the know. It's fine. It's all right. She was talking slick about Doshi and how this special treatment and just because you just 'cause you ugly don't mean that you rap Nice.


Whatever the fuck you was saying. Oh yeah. Wow. Yeah. How about the fact that do, she's just wildly fucking talented And she's not uncle That goes without saying she's fucking beautiful. Later. We'll get in there. She tore that little Tom Brown suit off. And did she, she tore that Jonelle Monet outfit off and to two to the two to some ass around today. Definitely did. Hey, hey, y'all want, she skinny too. Y'all want the rapper girls to be sexualized. I'll give you some of that too. She got everything in her bag. She do. She does. She's Wonder. She's in great shape. She, she's a wonderful, great Shape, great great looking woman. Fucking great rapper. Yeah, Man. My man called me about her. He was like, yo, I said, nigga, she sat on the couch. He said, y'all had Dorsey.


I said, yeah, nigga get Paton y Hold on. Just let you, you let you Know. Tell your man who the fuck we be my man. Because I'm talking to people who don't know who the fuck we be. He was like, y'all see? See that episode? Yeah, It is. A lot of my man's in January. I just wanna let you know. So you won't be surprised. It is about, it's about 30 in month right now. Gotcha. All right. Nah, Taylor Swift looks good. She got shot. She did. Her Legs was great. I like that little, little, it was a leg. Yeah, that little And the red. The red Red. That's a nod to her boob The red on that nice white pill scan. Yeah. Ooh, mono and monochromatic. She wasn't as, oh Boy. But she had that little leg jewelry on too. That shit was, that was sexy. That was sexy.


Okay. Taylor, She looked like she, she took all the money from the label this year and last year and the year. Going take this for a decade. You know Kelsey got a little bit of swag rub off on him. He might have helped out looking at Her that night. I understand jab Kelsey might've helped out. I understand. He might've helped out. I'm leaving the opinionated black girl for this billionaire white girl. Maybe Chill. Yo. What is wrong with saying that? Can't, why can't you say that? What? Opinionated a black girl. The last girl You got it. Feel she Put the three parts in his eyebrows, nigga. A billionaire pulled up. Sorry Ma. Sorry, ma. One day we'll talk about who we'll leave our girls for, But, but, but one day you'll talk about iso.


Iso. Joe. Joe, Joe. Oh, nobody. Death Tough If I'm answering, You know what I mean? How about y'all? Same. Same for me. Not even. This is a, this is, I even, should I Come with me and Dawn? Yeah. Fuck they talking about. Huh? Fuck these billionaire. Double casket. Let's go billionaire. Beautiful people with privileges and perks and fucking a lifestyle that we never said fuck them. Don't argue. I don't want none of that. Grass ain't greener Cook. Cool. No, no. That grass ain't greener. Grass is bullshit. It's that new white, new white grass. Christmas. She white Grass. You a nasty nigga for making that joke. You the white girl. Yeah, but you knew what it was because you be fucking white girl.


You two, lemme see. No I don't. Here we go. No, I don't. Don't start shit. You're not gonna start your, I caught six of them in life, nigga. You fucked. Six, 600. You Fuck six of them in a month. Like, no, not yourself On name. Yo dog. His number. Keep going up. Last time it was two, then it was three now it was six. No, then it went to like up 14. Then it came back down. Nigga. Yo, you talking to me? There was Sarah And Brittany. Yeah. You all righty. What do we have here? What Do we have here? Beyonc Surprised. I was not expecting this face needs help.


It does a few giveaways to you about to win this award. Like a, your presence In the front row and they walked, walked you in. She's Beyonc. She always gonna be in the front row. You're Correct. B, the way that your bodyguard stands up, like everybody in this room is somebody. True. Everybody at these tables is somebody true. Your bodyguard stand up. Like you still the only celebrity in the room, which we fuck with him for. I think his name is Julian. I don Julian. I think it's Julian. He'd been long time bodyguard. His face. Always give it away. Let's see, Ho's presence gives it away. In case y'all didn't know The speech last year or two years ago, whatever that was. Last year.


Last Year. Last year. Last year. Last year. Gave the speech even. That was great. Right? It just so shows you how far ahead you need to be. Like you need to be a year out if you planning to planning to get this thing. I ain't get that. I got yo, I'm flexing my muscle like y'all been doing for decades. Y'all want me and my wife here next year make it right. See to that. It's both. It's both. Yeah. Like I, it was on some y'all flex. I don't give a Fuck. That's Part of the, that's part of the, the process. Got you. Oh wait. And so was Taylor presenting this award? Yes, Of course. I Love it. Dog. I hadn't seen them do the country war Country award a bunch. And it wasn't so glamorous.


It wasn't, yeah, it wasn't tail. It wasn't so GL tail up there in a red dress. Red pumps came Looking with some long legs. God. But she said that she looking nice. Taylor looked good. Taylor Horniness. Y'all love some Taylor, right? Yeah. Man. No, this was my first time seeing, listen, the thick whites, I might have a weakness for a little bit. The skinny whites not so much. And now that she's A thick white, he, she in The mix. She looked all right. She, she did look all right. But her presenting the, the country award it, it spoke Volume. It is telling you, hey, this is a thing here. It's Nod probably to the Kanye shit from years ago. Yeah. Which she mentioned. Ah, many years Ago.


I was on this very stage. She didn't get into the Kanye shit. But you know what she was referring to. Right. What did y'all think about Beyonc winning the country award? Her speech, her everything. What did y'all think? How'd y'all feel? Congratulations to her. The Country I The country award. Okay. They're pissed off. Yeah, The whites just one of the girls' faces was like this. One of the nominees. Yeah. Lainey something. Not Laine. It was Casey. Casey Musk. Yeah, it was her girl. Okay. Laney's fired. But the, you should fire the, the Musk muskrat girl. She was sitting there like this. Like this is some bullshit. Like this is our one category. This political bullshit. Like this political Bullshit. I don't know who the fuck Casey Musk is.


I know when they said Chris Stapleton name. Casey. Casey. She did. I got little Fired. I like, oh wait a minute. Who Nominated? She's fired. When they, when they said Chris Stapleton name. I was like, oh wait A minute. Laney's the one. Yeah. I ain. Never Heard with that. I heard Chris Stapleton. I'm on Chris Stapleton. Oh wait a minute. We might, Laney might be fired. Cool. Also Fire. When they said Chris Stapleton, I was like, whoa. Reaction crush. Right. I was like, oh shit. Hold on Now. Slow down. Nah, he ain't the one he don't play dog. But she won. Was happy for her. She looked great. Indeed. She did. Alright, here we go. Iso out for a little bit. New artist segment.


They got Trevor Noah standing there around the fancy round tables fresh from a commercial break. They got the spotlights on the new artist star with Sha Booze. He's my man looking good up there. I got it in my notes. Shazi look. Fire with the little country outfit, the country tie. Killing that shit. He moved over. Teddy swims up there looking good. Huh? Big Teddy sw, friend of the show, friend of the show. I love, I love Teddy swims. Had him a hell of a year. Fun. And that was also telling, right? Like the, the new artist segment to me was one of the best performance segments of the entire night grade. It is my Favorite part of the Grammys this year. Yeah. Even just them highlighting them in this way. They don't usually do that. They put one or two of them up There. And it's never like this.


No, they, but this crop was extremely talented. It was A lot of them weren't particularly new artists, but that's a different conversation. And they had gray years. So they gave me a little shi, boozy stood Trevor Noah stood there by the table, moved over, stood by Teddy swim's table, moved over, stood by some other new act. Benson Boone. Now the don't step on my ice, I just said so don't step on my shoulder. Mute up, mute up. Go to Starbucks. When stood by some other fucking new artist table Spotlight. I assumed it was a slap in there. Then they moved over to a whole nother table. And I seen what I, what I thought at the time was, oh look at these beautiful white hedge fund people.


That was the Nick Glaser Heidi clone table. But I didn't know that. I don't know them unless you tell me that That's them. I just saw a table of beautiful porcelain whites. See white people. When they got somebody that they wanna put out there, they gonna make sure that they fucking beautiful. I said, oh shit, look at the, they must be funding this shit. And motherfucking Benson boom stood up and pulled a mic out his fucking tuxedo jacket. I said, holy shit. The hedge fund nigga is about to, is about to perform. No this before. I don't know who he is. Me neither. I don't know his song neither.


Me neither. I know. He stood up from the beautiful white hedge fund table, pulled a mic out his tuxedo inside coat like this and started singing some shit I never heard. I said, oh shit. Tom Selleck got bars who I'm selling because the whites gotta spend a lot of years going to find the new superstars gonna take over. They went and found some oh oh seven looking nigga. This nigga was up there like fucking Tom Cruise himself. He starts singing some shit. I was like, oh shit. The white boy got a voice. I said, y'all better stop playing financial advisor.


Hey y'all better stop playing with Benson Boone. Whoever the fuck this great white hype is. Oh. Then he continues. They took his little outfit off. Oh shit. Wait, they, he had to breakaway tongue nigga about to go hoop when white people take they shit off and got a sequence. Carolina Blue outfit on underneath. Boy you in trouble. Yeah, you in trouble. You in trouble. And he's walked to the stage in that little tight ass outfit. He might did back flips to that stage. Slow down now. No, I ain't get to that part yet. He was just singing. I said, boy, I ain't gonna lie. That boy sound good. Hey Tom, sell.


Alright. Tom sell is gone. Right. That nigga jumped on the pianos. Oh shit. Did a front flip. Said, I said, holy shit. Yo, who is this nigga? That's what They found. Some nigga that's killing His shit. Then he kept singing It is killing that. And by then his slap is on. I'm like, that's Benson. Boom. Mm. Nigga I heard this song in every Walgreens visit this year. I heard the song in every CVS. Boy. This shit been everywhere. You could hear it. This is Tom Selleck got this in the top.


As soon as I said that shit, that nigga hit her front somersault. He said, because while I'm watching him, when he took his outfit off, he got muscles like he's in shape. I'm thinking the white's done found some nigga from the Olympics and trained him to sing and made a star. Shut the fuck up. I'm telling you what I thought and gave him a slap. I'm like, this little white boy is in shape in this little outfit. He's giving me Freddie Mercury. Like he's Getting Or Elton John. Yeah. Nah. LL can't do no back flips. Right. Okay.


No, no, not with the back flips. I'm just talking about the outfit. Not, I'm just talking about the outfit. El John used to wear onesies all the fucking time. And people that you wanna work with. You wanna be cool? I'm about outfit. Yes. The foot. I'm just talking about the outfit. Yo mark. Man, you know that Elton John said bullshit El John the outfit. Yeah. Elton John used to come with the sequence. Elton John ain't had a muscle nowhere. But he definitely had, I said the flip said, We never saw him stand up. We never saw El perform. But he never did a flip. Alright. My fault. Anyway. I Can't See that. No.


That Benson Boone performance, when he got done standing over from me, it was really good. And that song is really good. Beautiful things. It's got like five, no that That's the song. It does sound like a fucking, that's the one queen record. That's a slap. Yeah. He smoked that shit. He did. So then I went and dug in my fucking, I pulled out the race card and was like, ah. Of course they give this nigga 30 minutes to fucking, You got to, They let him walk from the table, change clothes, do back flips, whatever. He had a long time up there. He heard that shit. But then they continued the new artist segment. Every one of them. Every one of them. Immensely talented. And I don't think we've seen a crop like that in recent years.


All of them not only smoked it, but got the biggest song of the year. All of them. It's been a while. Yeah. And they've never showcased it in this way. More importantly to me, no, because usually like when somebody, we don't want to win the new award, we'll be like, who the fuck is that? That part. But it's always better if you could actually watch him perform that night. Like, like, like with homeboy, It is like, oh, okay, now I see why. At least you see why he won. Yeah, he should. He should be in there. I don Want, this was where Doce did her performance. So it was right after Benson doing it was Doce. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I don't want to, I don't wanna be that person. What you said, they all have biggest songs of the year. Here you go. That Doce record wasn't big like That. Not Like Us as big nigga. Shut up. Yeah. Not Like Us as big. This part A, Not Like Us, Not Like Us.


B. So our artist is the Okay. But then when Doshi comes out, oh my God, I was so elated to finally see blacks. So whatever y'all was doing online about how she shouldn't have been there. If you take her away, there's no blacks. You got John Legend on the keyboard. Even the an opening. Right. Opening right Mel. But as I'm watching all of the Great, that's A good point. Annie. Great. Talented whites that deserve the spotlight. I'm more so looking at who's at their table, who's on the guitar, who's on the drums, right? Who's on the piano? A lot of sauce drummers. Like a lot of Sourceless background people hitting the Little Doey came out and that was the first time I saw a stage full of black people.


It was good to see. It Was dope. It was was Performance was incredible. I ain't even Peeped that to then. I felt like she might have had some type of Tom Brown endorsement. She did. Because that Tom Brown, the whole Shit, everything Was Tom. It was hidden. The whole thing was Tom. It was hidden. You ain't supposed to put these backup dancers in Tom Browns. The whole, I was about to say, the whole Crew had The time on. Yeah. And then she took it off. Don't let Benson boom be the only way. Yeah. Fuck outta here. Benon Boom came off. Fuck outta here. Benson boom. She was booming. Oh no, no, no. She, no, no. She looked absolutely marvelous. She smoked a performance I think after that was Teddy swims. Teddy swims. I knew you wasn't about to change outfits or do a whole lot of dancing or snatch nothing off other.


No. He smoked it standing in one place. Spotlight. Highlight my voice. I'm, Yeah, he absolutely killed. And another one huge song, y'all know this record. Hey, sing along. And then after that, with Sha Boozy, who You already know song, nothing to be said, nothing to be said. Go Sha Booze man. Hey Shazi, next time we install this man Strip on me. Strip on me. Next time we install this. Nigga you did that. And then Girl Ray, She Bought, I wasn't really familiar with. Oh my. She wasn't trained. Me either. I didn't know. Yeah, I didn't know. She's probably one of the best performances of the world. She Ain. Incredible. I got introduced to her because with the, the Apple vision shit, they have these immersive concerts. Okay. So she's the highlighted person. So I, I never heard of her. But you know, you just check shit out.


Yeah. And it's like a one-on-one concert where she's standing in front of you singing to you looking good like that. Yeah, she looks good. S that's all I'm say, When I first saw her, I was like, that's all I'm gonna say. Okay, we're getting a little Amy Winehouse, she's British, she's got the Mole. You know, I was like, okay, Amy Winehouse esque. But then her vocals, Her voice was different. She, I said, oh my bad. She was like, no, no, I really, I really do. This Is on. There you go. Yeah, no It is true. Let me see here And shout out DJ Miss Milan up there with Doce. Yeah, For sure. Let's go Milan friend of me or friend of the show friend. Friend of of us. Shout to Milone, friend of us. Shout out to DJ Milan. Man. Let's see. This is the best segment thus far. Yep. My cable cut off. It's more my cable cut off and my TV wifi just started acting crazy.


Shit. Shit. So this was, this was the best artist category, right? Need the First The first scene. Malone. Yeah. Who should I call Me? I got you for the cable bill. Oh please. I Got you. I got you. For the cable bill. Mean it's FIO expensive nigga. It might be 400. Might Be four. Oh fall don't ain't playing nigga niggas saying LI Was asking this is the best new artist category. Correct. That was the next thing. So Chapel Rowan was in this category and this is the award she won for. She won. She won. Okay. Yeah. And delivered Next speech. Another great project. And then She, she bodied The speech. The speech. Yeah. Slow down. 'cause that's my very next note. Okay, go for, its my very next note says, well Victoria Monet looks great. That's what it says. Shove Victoria Monet. She looked amazing.


She did. They are trying to shove this Chappell Roan girl down my throat slash Hold up. Hold up, hold up now. Fuck that shit. Hold up now. She was, Fuck that shit. She in my bag. It says hold up. She started spitting. She did Bars. I'm a fan for life. She got me. She's a beast. Yo. She tricked me. She got me just looking at her. You was like, eh. Well no, it just was a lot. It was a lot of her. And I'm not all the way familiar with her or her story at all. So it just felt like a lot of her. But once she gave that speech, I didn't went and did my research. She's no new act like around that.


Didn't even do, she's not from here. She's been, she's been about fight the power, all that shit. Like so when she gave that, I never heard nothing like that in the award ceremony. Same. I've never heard. Yeah, I don't, I've never heard anything like that ever at the Grammys. I've never heard that in any awards. Man. Some of the awards, but not no Grammys, definitely Not. When do the artists that won get up there and talk to talk to their struggle with healthcare in the past? How they almost weren't here and then holds the labels accountable for us not having fucking health insurance. And then gonna end it with, hey labels, we got y'all do y'all got us nigga? I almost shed a tear That's right of you Alley. What? I was right up your alley. Nigga. Chappell, Roan for life.


This Funny redhead makeup girl. I'm riding. Most of them Niggas be too scared to piss somebody off. Yeah. Doing it on that stage. Especially at that stage, this new crop, different. That's what It is. She that's written down. She Pulled out the diary, she pulled the journal out dog. I was like, oh, here come these white bitch all bullshit. I'd like to thank Stan Stanley Smith and I'd Like to thank Nah, look at the fucking audience talking about something. No, they, there was a, there was this at least a partial standing ovation for that. All the Artists, all the Like No. Did, did the camera go over to Lucian at that point? He was like, Lucian was making a call.


Hey, get this nigga off stage. Let's see. Quick, quick, Quick, quick question about Go ahead. Chapter. How did and maybe perks, you know the answer to this. I, I recall That racist because was racist. That was racist Because It is an industry question. It is a specific release date. And you know that the details of it. It's like, I thought her album came out in 22. Like what is the cutoff for for, for winning this award? 'cause it felt like her album came out a million years ago. It's usually with the year before. I, I don't know exact date. I thought It was a calendar year. But It is like month. It is It, is it calendar year or is it like month to month? No, It's a month to month thing. I don't know the exact I wanna say, so maybe she just made it something like December to December. I could be wrong about that. December to September. I forget because I swore her album came out August of 22. You know what I mean? May True or September 22. None of us know. Yeah. Did you might Know.


We don't know. Okay. It says it came out in 2023. Okay. Okay. See, look at you now. Look that it says it came out September 22. Yeah, I think September is somewhere Around there. 20, 23, 20 Second. And mark the dates, the Grammy eligibility dates are September 20, September 16th, 2023 to August 30th, 2024. So anything dropped in that. That's she got, that's what I was trying to get. Okay, Let's see here. Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga are dressed like the porridge family. And they, that was on purpose. And they're doing California dreams. They bo it but it was weird. Why? It was they bo it but it was Weird. It, their whole getup was a nod to the Mamas and the Papas. Yeah. Stop it. Yo Bruno Mars need to get the fuck outta here and go sit down for a couple years.


He did. He was sitting, he Sat, he sat needs to move. He at the casino for a couple Of years. No, no, no. He needs to move now. He needs to go back over there to MGM Casino records or wherever he signed to. He needs to stop now. You Don't feel like this song was more in his bag than this fucking Fat Pussy song that he just put out with with Sexy Red. I feel like if you're gonna put out a Fat Pussy song with sexy Red one week don't come being the porridge family with California Dreams the very next week. I really, but they did it on the fire. Most, I don't give a fuck when he did it. That that fire is not gonna be the reason that everybody could do what they want if you lived in la because none of them there looked like, oh, my house is burned out.


They, they ain't look that word. Well they're, I was looking at 'em. They ain't looked that word. Them niggas bought houses. I was looking for the homeless people. Them niggas looked to the tees niggas idiot. They looked amazing. They, Joel, what's wrong with you? I'm not supposed to say that. He said, looking for the homeless people. The homeless people in the crowd. Y'all wasn't looking for homeless people. They showed me fire commercials for 45 minutes. Every other brick was a fire commercial. Hey y'all in the sky box. Donate, donate, donate. And that fire segment was real sad. It Was, it was very sad. It was like depressing. I was like, yo, why are they showing us like they had the red cams out there, nigga, if you don't go grab a fire hose, They, they have to. Why Did they have red cams out there?


I felt like I was in the fire at my house. I went, turned the air on. I thought it was dope way they did the local commercials. I don know how It was local businesses, the martial arts One when they showed the martial arts, the flowers, the Whole shit on fire. That shit was dope. Yeah, yeah. That connected with you. So He go, go build some Shit, nigga. No, he is a, he a he's a yellow bell. He's a yellow belt. He told and a sports agent. I think he's brown. He's everything. He's Deon's most interesting man. Let's see, let's see, let's see. Bruno Mars, yada yada y Grammy clap back to the weekend. Oh shit. The weekend. Take it away. Parks.


I was, I was Waiting for you. I was excited for the weekend part. But then Playboy Cardi came out and I was, No, that song is fire. That song is fire. And he ain't on it that much. He isn't. Why was he up there lip-syncing and not even holding the mic Because we, because he we going on tour starting in two months. It was weird. He's another one that the 17 year olds ain't gonna try to convince me on. Yeah. Say It is not for us them to convince us on that nigga's God to them. Yeah. So yeah, They should find God. Nah, they should find It is different when it comes to them niggas bro. They, well they don't play about, I'm not Hating, I'm hating on who the young people elect as their person. I'm just glad that he didn't do a whole lot of vocals on this weekend track.


What did we think about the Grammy dude coming out and saying, Hey y'all, we heard you. We we got it right. Yeah. And I think they did, I think Was about to say whole show showed that. My bad. I was gonna say, I like the fact 'cause they always be saying we heard we're gonna do this, we gonna do that. But I saw it in action. He did Also. That was a isn't nice suit that he had. It Was isn't is he new, like a new appointment Last couple of years. Ever. Ever since the white dude said that women gotta try harder. Right. So. Right. That was crazy. That was crazy. Yeah. So it looks like he put his money where his mouth is. He did. They they emphasized it before every award. 13,000 members of the Grammy committee have chosen Beyonc whatever the fuck the award was. And he It was evident.


It was evident. Yeah. And he said like the voting committee has gotten younger. It Is More, more diverse. It is more diverse, more, yeah. Like that's gonna reflect in a lot of shit. And it did. That's why I'm not mad at a lot of, when people say, oh, it's because I didn't know, bro. You got different people voting. That old guard is gone so Mel Torme Ain't gonna win every year. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It just seemed like the people voting knew a little bit about music this year. It did. Yes. Like there wasn't as many curve balls or I think the, or whitewashing the, the shit they did to the voting process where you can only pick a certain amount of categories. Help a lot Absolutely. As well. Absolutely. In, in addition to the diversity. But you shouldn't, if you're a country dude, you shouldn't be voting on hip hop. That's true. Agreed. Agree. You're a hip hop dude.


You shouldn't be voting on country. Let the people that know the shit vote on the shit. And I saw a lot of, a lot of people complaining. It's like, 'cause we were, you know, championing certain things about the Grammys and it's like, oh, so do y'all care or do y'all don't care? 'cause you know, on one hand we've been sitting here saying, we don't give a fuck about the Grammys 'cause they never get it. Right. Yeah. Well this is how you actually make people care about the Grammys by getting shit right. By getting the right voting community. So yeah, if they doing it this way, I give a fuck about the Grammys again. Yeah, For sure. Yes. We all watched. Yeah. And it was, it was great. I mean my mom texted me like, mom has no business in music whatsoever. Doesn't really even, she's a super Passive, her son's, she got business. That's true. But so she watched like, is it just me or is this the best Grammys in a really long time.


Yes. I got a lot of those texts. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, especially from West Coast people. Yeah. I'm, I'm really, Oh no, I got a lot of other texts from now and West Coast people was texting me way More. And then my dad text me, yo, this, this shit don't got no soul no more. I was like, Yeah man, my my man. This was the best Grammys in a long time for me. It was. They they got a lot right. They did. They did get a lot. Right. Let's see. And then the weekend comes out. I absolutely loved his performance. I loved him. The mystique, the, hmm, the darkness, The scary arms coming outta The, all those scary. Yeah. Yeah. I like, I liked it. It was great. Great. Shout out to the weekend and, alright, so now we have the weekend there. We got a Chris Brown win. Yes Sir.


Jay-Z is here with Beyonc. It is like, oh, there's a lot of factors that worked against us that we kind of got Right. Yeah. We made it right. The people that we wanna see are here. Yeah. They, they they did. They did it. They got it Right. Let's see, JLo, why is JLo speak of Spanish? I thought the Same. We don't have to say anything. We could. I wrote it down, but we don't have to talk about it. Let Mark you wanna dress? Look nice? Who's our J-Lo expert? Ish? I'm Ish. Why was J-Lo up there speaking Spanish? I'm a JLo fan. I ain't the expert. Why didn't she do that? And where was Sterling K. Brown? I told y'all he don't Sterling k.


Brown call that shit out every time. Oh look, look at this bitch. Oh, she from the Bronx again? No, they said, they said some shit about, she just did some shit and she was trying to speak Spanish and she was fucking up. Shakira was sitting at the table with her. They said Shakira kept hitting her leg. Like, shut Up bitch. Like, yo, shut up Bitch. You fucking up Jalo. Don't know no damn Spanish in jail. Shakira still look good by the way. Yeah, She does. She still Oh, Looks good. That's yeah, that's understandable. Underst, You're Absolutely right. Under fucking statement. She's 50 48. 48 Monster. She Great. Hey, hey, hey. Not 50 yet. You right. Bye. Okay. Is that the next note? Shit, is that the next note on your fucking phone? Yeah. Okay then let's get to it.


Go ahead. Shakira's performance, I mean Mute. I muted the tv. I tweeted that to She's fire. The song was Fire though too. I don't know. Boop. The song is Fire The song. I know you guys didn't hear it. Nope. You know over your drooling, but Oh, she Sings. Yes she does. She does. She does. She Had all that shit. Congratulations to Sha. It was looking nice. She got a little I was there when was I was there when she first came out. That motherfucker started What? When she had hips. Yeah. Yeah. Hips don't lie. They Are you done with our R Nod to 48 year olds who still look good? Go ahead. A sneeze away From 50. Yeah, I know certain topics. Keep it up close to you.


Let's see here. Oh, I was done with that Kendrick Clean Sweep. Sweet, sweet, Sweet. Sweeping. Let's get to it. Yo, if you tied our Grammy talk, hit the little 15 second forward skip Button. Hit the two hour Button. Sorry buddy. Yeah. Just fast forward to two hours. Hey Yo. McCorry, pass that to my man. Yo Ladies and gentlemen, come on. Let's get to it. Let's get to it. Get it. I I'm what you got The first three? Were in the Early show. Early show Early show. Those was funny to me. Clean Sweep. I was, I was shocked. Get the grooms out the First I didn as much as, as big as that record was. They don't usually favor fucking battle rap or Disc records or really even lyrical.


That Wasn't, that Wasn't that. That Was still a commercial smash Number one record. It was impactful. Y'all real quick. There was a segment that stood out to me when he won the award. How they played. They actually played the lyrics at the clip. That shit fucked me. I like he and everybody. Somebody was singing Along. They all all say dancing. Taylor Luby dancing. Taylor Dance, dancing. I'm like, wait, what the fuck is in the whole stadium singing a minor? Yeah. Now I'm seeing it For real. Yeah. That's very different from the pop out show and fans singing the words. It is different from internet chatter. Extremely different. This is now music industry. Everybody aficionado singing along to everybody singing along to to your main.


Yeah. This And they didn't play the hook. Yeah. That was the were say the verse. That was the very first thing that popped out to me is that they never played the, Not Like Us Hook and Kendrick and so Kendrick, you gotta knock it off nigga. I see you trying to hug extra people so you can land at the podium at the a minor. That nigga hugging people. He ain't even know s that just security guard. Like he trying to, he pasted it out a little bit. What, what y'all think of his fit? The Canadian tuxedo. I Love it. Chefs Kiss. Tell us about it. Canadian chef Chefs Kiss. I mean there's a lot of debate 'cause a lot of people don't know what a T Canadian tuxedo is, but it's Basically no Canadians don't know. 'cause y'all thought y'all was fly.


I've seen a lot of Canadians. I've seen a lot of Canadian. That's tuxedo. That's An American. Yes. Yes It is. What we think of y'all that tuxedo, I don I don Dunno who made it up, but it, It is accurate. So it's Gene on Gene. So people obviously thought that that was a nod to, you know, I thought it was hilarious from the pre, the pre-game when John Lennon's son came up and Oh that was wild funny. John Lennon invented the Dis That's at the tone. John Lennon invented the dis the dis track. He was giving Paul McCartney bars on that. The imagine of them That far. Man it just, the UMG showed that we not backing down. That's what I took from that. We not backing down. We're gonna play it. It's gonna play at the Super Bowl. They played it at the Grammys. Yeah.


And it's gonna be at the Super Bowl now. It's definitely gonna be the Super Bowl. Now I seeing that like that I said it's gonna be, It is Gonna play at the super cut the fucking record off at a minor. Yeah. In the No Bleeped out. No, the whole audience said a minor in unison. Yeah. That's crazy. But they bleeped out the bitch And to fuck him up. So this is the clean And they let the P word. Yeah they let the P word, They let pedophile fly. Yep. They let his name Flo. It is your Nu kids that's making the nigga say P word and PDF nigga It is a pedophile. Say at, at some point that would get you flagged line now. But guess Trump took the flag off Yo go outside and use the words that mean things. But anyway.


Yeah. A ain't minded that that was, that was telling. That was telling Canadian tuxedo telling. Great. The panning into Beyonc to step into this shit. Nobody looked happier and or more excited than Taylor Swift. She had champagne glass Up in the air, singing Along. Lucian Looked a little happy. Lucian was real happy. High fing his shit. They got the close up. Yeah, but Lu Lucian was happy. But if Taylor Swift is happy, you're gonna assume that Lucian is happy. They, they working in tandem. Yeah. So Lucien is behind the scenes so he could feel like, You know what I mean? I'm moving covertly High five, whatever. The camera shouldn't be on me. Taylor Swift knows the camera is on me at all times. That was intentional. And I'm showing y'all, this is my man, this is my record.


And that is should be horrifying for homeboy. If I was a homeboy, I'd have went to Hookah bar too. And this, They're tied in though too. Who? Taylor and Kendrick, her producer produced all of gn X sound Wave does shit for her. They Smash Together. Do do. Nobody feels like, it's like, all right, man, kicking the dog while he is down. Like, nobody feels that way. Like It is overkill. Now I, me, this, this shit is overkill to me. Like In America, In my head It is like, huh, how many people did you piss off? It is just overkill. It's like enough. That's how I'm starting to feel. I'm starting to feel bad. Before it was like, it's, I tweeted that it's a rap battle, but now I'm starting to feel bad.


'cause now it was, I don't feel bad at all. I don't feel bad, but I know that I close. Like I actually worry when I saw that whole stadium and like you said, Beyonc two step and everybody's saying, Hey man. I'm like, yo dude, you might be able to like, listen this records, eat the, and all them shits and, and, and hit 'em up and all that. Them shits quite the same level of poppiness. Yeah. This is the most awarded rap song in the history of rap. Exactly. That's what saying. So now it's on a bigger scale and now it's having more eyes and now it makes you feel like it's overkill because so many people are involved. To me, I think, I think for him It is like beating hates me The choir. I, I gotta sing at the funeral. I Think that the problem is that the song is bop.


This was euphoria. Then I would feel like you feel, but this song was a bop and that was a problem. Bear a fucking bop. It happened last year in May. Nigga, we in January, super Bowl is around the corner. How long was in the club? A bop though? I mean, like, if a song a long in the club was a dis record. Long time. No, no. I'm just saying if a song I'm taking take a dis off. I'm just saying if a song is a smash, we can't take a, the song is a smash, but It is at somebody else's detriment. Oh. Gotta be careful. Who he, so what I don did, He asked for it. What? He Said ice. I'm not talking. I'm You need a button for that. You taking care. We taking it further. Yo, I'm not saying that I'm, he's done that, but it's overkill, bro. That was his shit. Alright. Okay. He got beat with his own move.


I'm dish you and make it a club bop. Okay, well guess what? I'm gonna dish you. I can do that. A commercial bop. You can't hold the industry on your back for so many years. And then now this happens like that with the respect, but No, but here's the other part of that. No, you hold the industry up, but the industry, you also treated a lot of people like shit. True. A lot of people, people clearly hate you. So there's consequences to that. If a whole stadium of insiders in the industry is scream a minor, you done did some shit to somebody. That's why I I dog, I, I'm in the middle. I got a lot of text messages from people saying, yo real talk. He had this coming. That's what I'm, me too. Like it doesn't change. The nigga doesn't change the humanitarian in me. It doesn't change. Like, I mean, I'm a human nigga. Like, damn, I are you seeing niggas dancing? Niggas kids dancing. Your dog was Singing a minor.


They, it's just like All we said all of this. We said all of this. What, what's happening in terms of how long record was number one in terms of this looking like an orchestrated attack amongst you Said that Everybody now that just looked like what the Not Like Us video should look like. Saying it and seeing It is two different things though Joe. The the music industry kind of dancing on your grave, singing along to this song, cheering, applauding this record. Like that was Drake did it right now. Nigga I'm in Australia taking fucking pics, nigga, I'm going, I'm going to Australia to sing karaoke. I'm in person. Are y'all shitting me Per Yeah.


Nah, I would get low. The Lucien and Dre High five to me was like, like made me start doing science. Like It is like science Is right there. What do you mean Science in terms of, for me, what I mean is like when I was introduced to Dr. Dre, okay. Which is 90, 91 and it's 2025. This, this business is relationships. That means that Dre, since 91 has made all of these relationships. I don't know when he got the Interscope, but when he got there, he gave y'all Snoop.


Early nineties. Eminem, we talking about hundreds of hundreds. Hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. Billion, Billions, billions of of dollars. Yeah, You are correct. I gave y'all Snoop. I gave y'all Eminem. I gave y'all 50 50 cent. I gave y'all me. Then I got with Jimmy Iiv and gave y'all headphones. My cache. If I'm calling somebody to say something, it's heard differently. It's, it's absolutely than the guy with all the slaps this decade and that high five from Lucien. I was just thinking of their network. Like I know we talk a lot about the Illuminati, the cabal, the imaginary, the cabal.


That was it. Yes. So no matter how powerful you think the Drake slaps are, they were showing you, they were just showing you, this is not opinion based anymore. They were showing you what It is, how we feel, and exactly who you're up against. And it's an uphill battle. You can't Win against that. You Can't win. It's an uphill battle. I thought about all the people that have tried to win against that, against that part. Can't they lost you? Can't they all lost? I said that before. What they did was had to leave. When we talk about the Kanye shit like yo dog, It is money, power, respect. People think that the power come with the money. The power don't come with the money. The power come with the time and the relationships. And you, your son got caught.


DUI, you just pick up the phone and be like, yo, make that go away. 'cause you know the judge or you play golf with the judge. You know what I'm saying? Like that's the power. The power is in your, your your your your network equity. That's the power. So when we talked about the Kanye shit, he rose fast financially, but you ain't have 30 years worth of relationships and 27 years worth of power. And I was in the trenches with this nigga in the trenches with that nigga. And I know they kids, you don't have that. And so that was so easy for him to get canceled. I think some of that shit is, is being evidently shown with Drake. And I thought about all the Drake's antagonizing of Kendrick to even drop anything. Yeah, I thought About that too. That's gonna go down as one of the worst mistakes ever made in hip hop, like y'all said earlier.


Really easy to ignore like that. Really easy to ignore or just keep it playful. Yeah, no, don't say nothing to that nigga. That nigga's coming in here to kill you and your entire family. Like a Dateline episode. Leave him alone. Don't say nothing. Don't play with 'em. Y'all dare you to drop. Ah, I've been waiting for years. I've been hearing about this mythical record you got, you made that nigga go make a whole fresh new slap. Yeah. You made that nigga go with mustard and make some shit. So they Posting the red button. Yeah. I feel that's the part that made me feel bad for homeboy. When you just think about some of the moves in hindsight, That's because he believed, again, I think a lot of this Drake really believed that he was one of them with with Well They They made him believe that.


Yeah, but you gotta, It is the music business. You can Feed, you can feed somebody, you can feed someone and give them all access to all your resources and make them feel a way. But at the end of the day, the people at top are the ones that's in control. It's like, it's like putting a Well he thought he was at top. It's like on a hamster wheel. Like you in they It's the music business buddy. It is the Music business. And then when you think about that in retrospect and then you, It is like, I I agree with you. And to be a student of the game as you as he claimed to be. You've seen this happen to other people. No you didn't. Who thought I could name one off the top that we all thought it happened to name him that thought he was bigger than the system. Name him 50. No, he didn't. He did think he was 50 wasn't Drake. Huh? 50 wasn't Drake.


Well, hold Up. Well nobody's Drake. 50 Wasn a At the time. He was Drake of that time. Nobody's Drake. He Was worldwide superstar of that time. Yeah, he was. It is a different game. Of course he was Drake, pre Drake. Yeah. But Drake is a lot bigger. 50 was Drake. It's a different evolution. He's the evolved version of that. I'm just Asking. But he walked around believing, he walked around believing that he was bigger than Interscope. Nobody's Drake because Drake is an streaming era, but without scream. Excuse me. Right? But he walked around believing that he was big, bigger than the system. For sure. For sure. Interscope. And that he could throw that weight around and then they had to remind him, no, you're not true. Same thing happened. Hold on, hold on. I'm, I'm, I'm speaking here. Same thing happened.


Drake walked around believing that I am on the level of or bigger than this system here. And they had to remind you that no, you're not. That's all I'm saying. True. I'm saying that he didn't have a reason not to believe that he's never seen nobody come before him. That was him. 50 had two albums that were dominant. Two talking. This nigga had two decades that were dominant. Only two. But those was dominant. Hold on. The niggas that was on Gene was dominant at the time. Had Just two albums. I said two albums that were dominant was my, was was the sentence that I said, I'm not talking just music. It's my turn of talk. Yo, this boy had two decades of holding the music industry on his fucking shoulders.


He's not, he's not 50 cent. The point stands, Yo it Drake has never seen somebody come before him. That was him. Not Jay-Z, not Eminem. Not none of them have been him. I don. So for him to say that, so for him to think that he's in a class all of his own, even though he's mistaken, he had a right to that. You don't think m You don't think M had an impact like that? He never run like Drake? No. Just raw numbers impact. I think you talking about numbers I about the numbers. I think that We're talking numbers that we're putting m in that. Exactly. Drake is Different. If you talk to numbers, you put Eminem in that category. Yes. I don't think that everybody in the world felt Eminem the same way the masses felt Drake.


And I want stick up. I think the world felt That. And I wanna stick up for MA little bit. M is a student of hip hop True? Yes. No matter how big M was or is he, he was never gonna say anything to Treach. Yeah, true. Or red man or chain Man. Not just that. If he went home and felt like his dip on my chip, he would never present. He would do the opposite. He would do the opposite. He worships them niggas. Yeah. Anytime he get in front of a camera Brings up I don Yeah. I don't think it's fair. I fair to bring them up Here. I don this, this is what I think happened with Drake and this, this happened around 2016 when they decided that we were gonna make the entire world move from all digital, all everything to strictly streaming.


We needed a face. He was the face. We put everything behind him. I mean, granted he was a star before that. I'm not, I'm not saying that. But now we are basically using you to shift the entire industry. He didn't see the play and exactly. He just, he did not see the plate and understand. How would you, because I'm Not saying that he was supposed to. I'm telling That's what I'm saying. I'm not and I'm not defending that. 'cause if you give a person, you say this, if you give a person the ability to feed you, feed you, they were the reason why you did this. You don't think that though, that that's where the naivety comes into play. It's like you didn't do this, they did this. It's a, it's a joint. He doesn't think that he don't, he definitely doesn't.


And, and he, it's a joint as if he didn't think that it's a joint effort. So now they have to remind you. He's Learned it today. He's learned it. That's It. And this is also, this ain't just a message for Drake. I don think this is for anybody else too. What? Oh no, I don't think he learned it today. It's found. I think that Drake feels like they suppressing my shit and that's the only reason my shit not going. I think that Drake feels like, yo, if I had a fair even feel to play on my shit would go. They suppressing it. You've never had a fair even field to play On. Wait, if he's saying that, then in my opinion, he's learn it because dude with the dip on his chip didn't think there was a way to ever suppress me, suppress my chip. I'm me. True. No. So if today he's real realizing some of the things that lesser artists have realized, which is a lot of It is them.


How the spins and the videos and the people in every city And working everybody in the, every city, every major city in the country is playing your shit. The second that it drops. And that's why not to not to speed up. 'cause we could finish. What is this the end of the shit? It is the end of my, my fucking notes. But the day after or the same night even Drake announces February 14th Valentine's Day Friday. Hey ladies out there. It is still Valentine's Day. Not Valentine's weekend. Even though Tank and Trey songs and Fanta is performing in Atlantic City on Saturday the the 15th. Oh, work. Yeah. I'm gonna have to make it a double Headed side.


Chick day. Mm. That's side Chick day. That ain't bad. That ain't a bad show. Neither a bad shit. My girl and my side, both of them make them get along for the little tank. He announced that project. I'm, I'm excited about it. If I'm not excited about it, it's an automatic cop for me. I'm a, I'm a PARTYNEXTDOOR fan. I'm a a Drake fan with the melodies. Give it to me. It's either the greatest chess move ever or another big mistake. Yeah. I I and I wanted to ask y'all what y'all thought. I'm Worried about it. I'm definitely worried. I'm worried. 'cause if it isn't great and or doesn't do numbers, it's gonna look really fucking bad.


That's where I'm at. I I'm at I think it's a bad move Theory. What? What? I don't think the quality, if The shit is banging there, I don't think there's some people that could, I Don't think it matters. Quality Don't Matter. I don't think the quality matters. It does. There's some people that think that every move that he does now or has done is bad. There's some people that could say that Australian tour, while all of this bullshit is going on in America is a great idea. Grateful who though? For him, for him His mental health, for His ego and his mental health. Well, no, in Australia you have to pack house over there. Yeah. Which I haven't been here in 10 years, which means I'm him. I'm gonna pack it over Here. Well great. Then let me reap some of the ben benefits of colonizing sounds. Let me, if I'm, if my run is done here, I'm moving over here.


I'm absolute, I'm not at that. I'm not mad at genius what I'm saying. Yeah. Right. So now with this move, this is my only thing with this move. I don't, with what I saw at the Grammys, this ain't a universal release. This is not, is not universal. And I wanna see how it's dropping. I'm guessing, I don't know. Party usually comes from what I saw at the Grammys OVL. Right. And that's, That's somebody else. Warner one of them. Yeah. So now this is where I say it may be a mistake. I don't know that support. So now this is not a Drake party project, even though It is because Drake is doing little moves to still be present and, and and seen out here while he's going through this bullshit.


But if this is a party project with Warner or put both of 'em together, it's Warner's support. Well I looked it up, Sorry. And hold on. And Warner's support ain't gonna look like UM G's support and that may not bode well in the midst of this onslaught of the Grammys and the fucking Super Bowl. Even if the music is magnificent Party ain't for everybody. I'm a party fan from day one. I don party ain't for everybody. You not a fan? No, I'm a party Fan. From, from, from from, yeah. He's from way. There's some people that's with it and some people that's not. So Yeah, I'm One of the not, I I understand sometimes I cut on options or some of them classic party shit and bitch be like, oh, turn, turn shit off.


We not, we're not vibing, we're not jamming. If creatively it's an amazing project how it does while all of this is going on. It could be bad. It could be Bad. I think it's gonna be bad. I I'm telling you dog, I don't care what he Puts out. They might cease and desist that motherfucker don't Care what he puts out. I just think that right now he has a bad taste in everybody's mouth. Pause. And I think that niggas is not gonna support that project. I just don't think, I think that he's lost the favor of millions and millions of people. Well, but fans are fickle too. You put out one slack, they'll come right back. It's not, I mean we, we saying not one, we saying it like they put Spotify just put the numbers out.


He's still at the top. He's still doing numbers. So it's not like everybody just are no longer listening to Drake music. He's still is number one. He's the first artist in 2025 already to reach, I forget how many billion views and he ain't drop shit Yet. One Drake is still Drake. Drake Is worldwide two. So we, we, we just don't wanna make it seem like he ain't still Two. All all of these albums and streams that you name are the streams that we invested in and, and we eating off of. We just not down with new Drake. Mm, good point. And yo, We gotta want To eat internationally. He, Him, we gotta eat. We going Eat, we eating, we working all of this shit. Stream it up. We gotta deal with Spotify, with Hanes underwear.


We gotta deal You Right. Run this up. That makes sense. You right, It is the new music that we are like, hey we, we out on that. We got another Answer to one of your questions. Give it to me DJ K this is not my last album. This is my black album. J Voice blah blah blah. FYI Drake's back to work. So Amaya, this is the one with two emoji Drakes. Matter of fact, send that record over to Rihanna. I just wanna breathe the air that Rihanna breathes. Everything is locked in. That's what He needs. He needs two or three of those. Who, who? Drake. Two or three of what? What Khaled records the song with. He needs a smash. Like them Khaled smashes. Like that's what I think he needs. I don't think him and party get it done.


I don't give a fuck how good the project is. I just don't think it's enough to give him back in a good grace The world. He, he performed Cade rhythm first night in Australia. So the conversation to be had, I'm with you. But a smash is not just your ability to make one, but who's paying for it? And that's why I brought up Warner Support versus UMG support. So let's say he makes it, who's paying for it right now? Not Just that. Like who's pushing this? Yeah, because that's the part that he gotta get worked out. He could go make a slap. But if Universal and Taylor Swift and Beyonc and Billy Eilish and all of the rest of them is like, eh, we h it. Lemme ask you When the last time Drake Khaled worked, like the record worked.


There you go. Oh, you took it outta my mouth. Pause. Actually I take that whole comment back. The two short flip probably outta my Mouth. Disgust. Yeah, It is wild. That was disgusting. S right, you give up the two short flip probably Right? No. Too short flip. Damn is it just me now That one The fucking Yeah nigga That One's 2013 or I know. Ain't That one Project he did for free. Fuck me For free for free Caliber. That's 2016, Right? Pipe down. No, No, no. Oh no. Not pipe down. Free. Yeah, For free. I'm, I'm That's Grease Grease Grease Grease is the other one. Pop Star. They haven't worked. They ain't Worked. So cool. Give Khaled too.


You don't know if anybody cares? I don't like care no more. It depends. And Khaled is on Epic, right? Yes. Yeah. It Depends who Khaled is on Epic. I don't know if Khaled's got Lemme ain't it Depends on what, who else is on Khaled is on Epic Future is on Epic. They started this whole shit. Don't come in here with a drink recognition. Yeah. Too short record was on Khaled and it was in 2016. That was the last thing that worked in my opinion. Yeah. Was The last thing. The freestyle was on a Cali project That was free Free Fuck me, free, free, free, Free work. Oh no, that's not what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about that. Alright. That's why I'm off 2016. I forgot what I was saying, But I'm just saying I I don't like Khaled saying this right now. That that doesn't, Khaled cold is ice right now.


That's My point. Respectfully. Respectfully. But he is cold as ice Puff gone. Like before Khaled used to could say, nigga I would be sleeping in front of Rihanna house if I'm Khaled. And, and and and she might say Rihanna the one who else won this album? Hmm. Yeah. 'cause she's downward. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of politics going on there. I don't know what what, what Cal drop today. What does that album do? All It is people, everybody scattered. I don't know. So we gotta see, I believe in K's ability to create a record. Just you need people to create a record. Yeah. You need the people.


I like that Grease. Shit. I did. I did. I thought it was smooth. I thought it was smooth but Grease. I got you. Yeah, if you didn't hear some of the other shit, you definitely didn't hear Grease. I I got You right now. Let's see. Yeah. Nah, I look at it, I like it. Yeah man I'd be a hit. But I like it saying the best music. Hey, I like this shit. Another one. Not listen DJ call Come if Coach stop Louis, where this cool call me Fly to.


Yes Sir. It's cool. I liked it but it's just cool. It actually in the strip club it work. It'll matter. That's so that's please chill. We'll I'm just asking yo. And I'm talking about commercial ain't working no more. Call me crazy. I don't think that Drake just do a whole bunch of singing and Lada da PARTYNEXTDOOR. I definitely believe Track 14 or somewhere. They ain't done with y'all man. He ain't gonna let y'all know how you feel about some things on that RBF secret track. Just let it keep playing silence. Get a little bit of silence. You come back in here, he gonna tear somebody up and I'm gonna listen.


I'm gonna listen to it. I'm listening Kendrick's speech. Kendrick anything, gimme anything Kendrick, before we close this Grammy topic. I don't think he was the happiest to be there. I mean he was happy to win there, but he didn't seemed like he had much to say Clean Sweet. But I did like the respect to Art, clean swim, Respect the art for Respect art for him. That's, that Was perfect. That's more powerful Than we are. The greatest culture there is. Say it in front of fucking Chappell Roan, all of 'em. Yeah. Yeah. Yo Rap runs this shit. I know y'all doing y'all numbers. Y'all live in nice houses. But rap will always run this shit. We dictate this shit. What's cool, what's fly, what's hot? None of that tap dancing bullshit is floating.


We run this shit clean. Oops. Clean Sweep. I tried to tell y'all on that last part. Clean Sweep, sweep 'em up. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't think he was gonna, I didn Sweep up. I didn't think it was gonna be record of the year. That was the one I didn't think he'd get. Really? But it was record of the year. No, I, I was wrong. I just record of the year is usually like a is is a award more so for the songwriters. So. Yeah. And it ain't, that record ain't really what Intricate in third verse don't matter. No, I'm just saying that third verse that shit he compared him to that shit was impactful. The Slave, I thought it was get song of the years. I didn't think Record of the year. I didn't think record of that. That was one thought was the question one shot out for you.


Yeah. Third verse comparisons. That is the most impressive year by a rapper I've ever seen in my entire life. Let's go pause And all of one dance and it ain't over yet. It Ain't over yet. Yeah, we still got one More. It was the pregame. Woo. Now it, it may have hurt more because we didn't know that the Grammys was gonna look and feel like that. Yeah. We didn't know that. We had no idea. The Super Bowl we kind of embracing up for but if, if the, if the Grammys sent him to the Australian hookah bar to sing Karaoke, we going to the moon next. Duh. Yeah, because he's seen what happened last night. Of course. Oh yeah. He 100% seen it. I don't give a fuck how many little slaps he was singing up here. He, I think he had an inkling it was gonna happen. Nigga. What's the name? What's That name of the shit?


Amani be watching? Red Stream. What's the shit? Red stick? Red Tube. Red tube. Some of that shit. Yeah. Drake Had that fucking red tube up and he gonna have it up next week and next week gonna be Ooh It is gonna be spooky. Wow. Still the toilet for that one. Yeah. Don't eat for the day. Where does he go from here though? Like ugh, He should just turn the wifi completely off the phone next week. No, Turn the phone off. Yeah, throw the phone. Yeah. I don't even need a phone. You really need no phone in. I don need a phone and not the next day. Nope. I got shows to do. I'm gonna do my shows. I got fans here see on Tuesday still up here and turn the TV off. For real. Yeah. Turn the TV off. Turn the TV off. Do You think that him being active It is hurting him more?


I don't think he'd being active. Active as far as like the tour still on social media. Nah, nah, nah. That, that, that don't count. That's Active is not, I mean not talking about music. We talking about I don't money just presence being, you know, your face being out there. I think that's good for his mental health. I think him sitting in the, I think him sitting in the house sitting down, it would be way more, way more, more crying. Some, some people, some people take a hiatus when certain shit happens. Yeah. But we've been saying that since before the all this shit and happens come back like came they got lot but he shoulda have sat down. No, I think him moving around is definitely positive for him. It is reinforcement. It is affirmation that I'm still him. Like they, I'm over there with them fickle niggas in the United States. Yeah. They ain't fucking with me, but the whole other side of the world is still draped out.


You get what I'm saying? He, I think he needs that for his own emotional support. I agree. Yeah, I agree. I agree. Because I don't want him to hurt himself or Yeah, that shit be cool. I mean he, that's not, I don he never gonna do that. I don't think he'll do that. Probably. I don't know what these people be At. He'll ignore the next nigga. That'd be nice. Yeah. Listen. Should Pass. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This too shall pass. He should be the picture of that motherfucker head. Just keep it, Keep it friendly. I don't think so. I don think he will. I think it's the exact opposite. I think. I think he, I gotta, I gotta show you niggas. I still, I'm, I gotta make example. I think he'll plan it out better. I don't think he would rush into it that I said he did it better. Niggas is in the studio. He rushed into his box. Yeah. Press the boom five seconds.


Boom. Yeah. Remember that shit? That shit fucked us up man. He came off a tour. Oh my god. A year and a half. I don't think he has that same grip on, on things. Pause. What Do you mean? I don't think so either. I don't think it's the same grip like the times that you're talking about. It's just different times now. And he might be the last one to realize that. But it's possible. It's, It is. It's different times Man. Make could come back man. No, no. Whoa, whoa. I ain't counting him out. Make the slaps. I ain't him out. All y'all out there yo, his careers over ain't, It's none of that. None of that. He was up high enough to where the fall off you going. It is gonna be a while anyway. Yeah. Yeah. He, he was all the way the fuck up there.


Oh, stratosphere It is going. Hey, save your laugh for when he get like on the train. At least don't, don't play with him while he falling. He fuck around. Catch catch a pitch. Oh yeah. He catch a pitch now if I throw him a wing. Yeah nigga start CTing. That's all it takes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You go catch a a 40, a 40 pack. That's okay. This is exactly what I need to talk to the people I want to talk to 40. The crazy part is is That where's the nearest two Lan? Like when we said last time, I don't want to go back to it, but when you listen to how good family matters is and that you, It is Not Like Us just, it's like my nigga, it wasn't no Not Like Us. Yeah, I know, but it's still like when you listen to it, put that shit on blast.


I know we talked about it, but I have, I like the record. I still listen to the whole record Dog. None of that shit matters Joe. Just don't matter. Artists, artists make songs all the time that they believe a super fire. True. And if you got a relationship like that with your label, you'll walk in one day on a Tuesday, hit the corner office, tell Lucy to stop what he doing, y'all lemme let you just hear something real quick. The assistant is gonna put it in and he gonna play it. And if they feel it, awesome. But if you, if you ain't like that, your song gonna be the greatest shit in the world. And they like, alright thanks. Get out. Bring in my 1215 please. Yo, bringing my one o'clock meeting. Thanks a lot. No, I got you. We on the Wednesday meeting, we'll talk about it like Drake is great.


So is Lucy. Like it's a marriage that makes these things go. And as fans we could argue because there's no right or wrong, we all fans. But when it gets down to the science, It is, It's a right, right Now. And the and the, the chemistry behind it. No, you kind of need each other. You kind of need each other. Yeah. But one side I can make Not Like Us right now and hit upload. It's four people gonna hear it. One needs more than another. A hundred people gonna hear it. It ain't gonna do nothing. Not a thing. Very different from homeboy doing it with all the support in the world and different animal, different monster with him. And again, congrats to Kendrick. It is a marriage. Congrats Kendrick. Yes. Y'all keep, everybody keeps saying that marriage thing, I think this is evident.


It's a marriage but everybody ain't coming to the table equally. Everybody in that marriage. Yeah. It remains to be seen. Drake May be fierce different if there's no Taylor Swift too. Yeah, yeah. Like that's what he's saying in the song. He like, yo, I I it's a, It is a miscalculation on his behalf. But he's like, yo Taylor got you wiped down. No Taylor has everybody wiped down. No, but he's naming, he said, I think he said SS he said Scissor got you wiped down. Taylor got you wiped down somebody. Travis right. S is my friend Travis. He's looking at these niggas like, yo, these are no, he wasn't saying Taylor had 'em wiped down. He was talking about the other, he didn't say that in the wiped down people. Yes he did. Like yo, he looked No he ain't some mutts.


Yeah. Yeah he was, he didn't say Taylor had you wiped Down. He said 21 got wiped Down. He looking at global brands bro. But he Has said in lyrics before the, It is just Point, right? Like yo, it's Only tail. I'm looking at These other niggas. I'm not looking at you my nigga. You are a mouse. Now again, it's a miscalculation on his behalf, but he's not looking at that. I think this nigga's just seeing something totally different. So you saying he don't look when niggas is coming to the table, you can't tell a nigga again that that has had music. Him, Taylor Swift, name of three, four or five other people. We held this whole industry up. You can't tell me that I'm not coming to the table with equal equity. Again, that could be a mistake on his behalf as well.


I think It is, it's a, because the music industry has existed for years without you, you didn't get here without us allowing you to. So we are more important in this also, also by this conversation than you are at this table now. Now to what he can say is replace me, but by that Premise. Okay. That that premise assumes that Kenmar doesn't sell records to, which is not accurate. No, it's not. I don't, You know what I mean? I don't think that that premise is based on our, I think it's premise based on my impact around the world. Sure, sure. It's not that. Right. That's what I'm saying. So now he can go tell Lucian, replace me and you'll get replaced. We'll See, I think he's already replaced. I don't think so. With who would you always have to replace with a single person? The nope. That the Taylor Swift dress and theatrics and relationship and Oh, Lucian's appearance.


Gotcha. And how happy he was like We shouldn know anything rap. I guess that's what you're Saying. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. But, and and this particular genre, which we are saying is the biggest genre in the world. Kendrick got up there and said hip hop is it replace Me? I'm saying to the label people, there's really no such thing as that. Right. Like on Def Jam, back in my day, Kanye might have been killing on College Dropout, but over there on the island side, there was one of them rock bands. Mm. That was doing a Different type of number. 6 million, 7 million. They didn't even know Kanye's name. Hey wait, we competing with them too. Got you. Got Gotcha, gotcha. So they don't really care about the genre. Can somebody come in here and do that? And I'm sitting next to my, my Benny, my horse, one of them niggas. Yeah. I'm sitting next to Sabrina Carpenters right here.


Sa Yeah. Chaperone. So cumulative. We we could replace you. We can replace You. Right. But as far as the hip hop portion of our puzzle, they don't care so much About that. Yeah. That's the unfortunate part. We'll see that's the unfortunate part. They not really looking to f Hey we'll get all our hip hop from TDE And not just that dog and dog Outside of that. We ain't looking to find the next dollar. We really got what we needed outta you. Which that that's the part. Yeah. The move to streaming Did We did that. We did It. And we also have your catalog. It is not Going nowhere. Exactly. It ain't going nowhere. So you are disposable right now. You might think you not, you think you were the global music star? You held music on your back music they showed you last night, we fine without you.


Yeah. Music showed him that state can't show him that. He's still the man in his respective uhuh. Like he left to go do big business in Places. And I disagree. I think, I think that Drake's pr absence was felt the last two years of music. To who? Fans? To fans. The Populous industry, the fans, the populous. I think the populace. What does populous mean? The masses. I think that to the fans. I think like the streets, like not Streets that I mean, but just the, the the masses. I think that up here we've saying that music has not really given us much the last couple years. We ain't have no Cardi, we begged for ssa. We didn't have no Drake Kendrick put out the, the the battle shit. But his album was, We got Drake too.


Not for nothing. That's What started. No we didn't. That's what Started all this. Yes we did. We got for all the dogs and the bonus album. That wasn't Drake. Who was it? Careful Miss You. That Was two years Ago. That was Throwaway 23. That was straight throwaways. I'm Not gonna say That, but bro. Alright. Y what what if he doesn't think That those Wait hold on. Hold on. What makes Now it's gonna seem like Go ahead. That's No, I was just gonna ask like what makes, what makes you think that he believes that these were throwaways and what if this was a legit, I was About to Ask you why are you calling them throwaways? Let me give you my answer for why you're saying that Lucian's, lack of involvement, All of that. I think he's been beefing with these niggas for a long time. It shows that his projects he don't really give a fuck about.


Some of us get insider information where they say he was basically telling them niggas to suck my dick. Yeah. The cover art. Yeah. My son did it. Yeah. Fuck outta here. Like and they fixed It. No, But if he felt that way, why would he be getting so mad at Joe and me and other people that reviewed it poorly? They Fixed it. I think it was about, about the dialogue because You got, I think Drake is Luther Don and Lucian and the Labels is the Mavs new ownership group. That's possible. That is possible. And we'll get to that trade in a second. There's a lot to get to, to your point Ish, I missed. Listen, when that Drake p and d shit was announced, I was excited Bro.


Music, I was excited. Ms. Drake, I I hear nigga wanna say, and it makes me sound like I'm, I'm just talking from an objective standpoint. I don't have a horse in a race. I think plenty of people Ms. Drake, Mrs. Drake music, Mrs. Cardi Music misses some of these heavy here niggas that we have not really heard from in a couple years. I I totally agree with you. Music has been lackluster out here. I just think my, my counter to that is this game that's being fought is outside of the hands of fans now. True. I agree with that. I'm with you. I think it's Mad us that Ms. Drake music, people that like loved old Drake or whatever Drake you was a fan of. Niggas miss it. It's outta our hands now And I don't even be knowing the BSides like y'all, I just know the little commercially shit bro.


It's different outside. You know what the broom is right? I do. Do you wanna hold it for What? I think That, I think that shit is well deserved Sleepy mud. I think it's, no, not even I'm just being Theatrical. No, I'm just saying the, I I don't think it's not no nothing. Nobody could say that nigga deserved every fucking award he got. That song is fucking amazing. Y'all getting some bars on this whole Sexy Ladies like some sexy slaps or whatever the name It is. Y'all gonna get four bars. I could curse one of these nigga out more than four. I ain't done with Metro More than four Metro. You little short Motherfucker. You dunk your shoes a little. I'm done with my Grammy notes. I'm done with my Grammy takes. If y'all have anything to get out, please feel free.


If there's anything else, super. Please feel free. Go ahead, get in your bag, get your shit off. But Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. I forgot. Hold Up Big Chris. Oh Well why the fuck was Janelle Monet up there doing that instead of Chris Brown? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Instead of Chris Brown. Well you know why Chris Brown wasn't No, I don't, we don't know. No, I don't. If you in the process of getting things right, don't, we don't know. Y'all really wanted to get it right. You don't know And really hit a home run. He got, he know the word. He know the dances that they did last year. We all seen the dancers on the back door that we seen last year. That's, That's I the Grammys outta The park. If y'all really wanted to get it done, if y'all niggas would've just opened that curtain and don't, don't show 'em. Don't even show 'em in the stands. Just lift the curtain up and let that nigga be right there. No, No. Lift the curtain up and let it be, what's it called when you shadow?


Silhouette? Silhouette. Let it just be a silhouette with a Hat. Nigga throw a hat down and just a nigga throw the hat Over. Now that whole wind goes crazy. Killed. I'm give, I'm I'm, I'm gonna give him benefit of the doubt. Well Hanon could advocate for him if this ASAP traveled end Hold up. It is stupid. It should because she would Would I feel she Would call Go. Hold on. I'm just saying I'm gonna give them benefit of the doubt. The Grammys. The Grammys. We don't know that that didn't happen with him. Y'all keep reaching out to me a different award show and I'm getting, fuck y'all fucking me up at the last minute. Sure don't call. 'cause that's what he said last time. He said, yo, just leave me alone. Alone. Leave me alone. Don't even call my phone.


So that was at the Allstar game. If you're serious about it, call me next year Something else If you're serious about it. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Pencil me in for next year. I know this is your first rehabilitative Grammy Rebranding, Getting it right. If you really mean it. Let's continue to build the relationship and next year we work, If that curtain went up and that nigga was standing out there with just a hat with the socks and the fuck. Come on. Yo. She left to see and ain't nobody seeing in the stands the whole fucking broadcast man that the roof would've came off that building. Yeah, we got fucking tipsy jannet. I was sitting there like, oh she about to body this. Oh she, No she did not body Fuck.


I was, Yo, I was just hoping She ain't fall off that table so bad. My Nigga like, yo, please don't fall, mama. I vacuum again. I I really Like you. Grab the vacuum. I missed the spot. Shout to Jenelle Monnet friend of the show For sure. Indeed. Very talented woman. Just Wasn't her name. Wasn't, Wasn't Yeah. Yeah. Hard To do Mike bro. It is extremely. Everybody can't do Mike. Alright, that's the Grammy. That's all I have. That's the Grammys. I wanna hit the round of applause for the Grammys. Getting it right this year. For sure. Absolutely. I hit the round of applause. The Grammys getting it right this year. Come on now. Indeed. I was just on two pods ago sitting on the Grammy. I ain't watching this shit.


Nah, they did they thing. Yeah, I did go to the movies in the middle of the Grammys. The, this movie was so bad. I was only there for 15 minutes. What flight risk. Oh I went and saw the scis Mark Wahlberg Kiki. Shit, How was that? I wanna go See that. You was bored. You was bored. It wasn't, It wasn't for me. Shy. They need To come home. You was born fight. Ain't missed that yo. What? When I, when I realized that this nigga just doing anything when I said I wasn't. No listen, my new thing is I'll go watch a corny movie by myself just for the going through the motions of being in the movie. Movie theater. I love the movie. Movie. Get my chicken spring roll, get my little water popcorn. I'll do it now. Little chip. So when I said I wasn't gonna watch the Grammys, I ordered some movie tickets and they suited me up.


It was mad fucking movie time. So I thought it might be, I knew it would be corny but it was a lot of movie times. I was like oh they're spending some money but eh, whatever. I walked outta here about 20 minutes. Wow. Got outta here. Don't worry man. Backing home, back home in time to see back at home alone. The rest of the Grammys. Look at the Grammys. Yeah. I waiting on my baby. She'll be soon on the phone. And you watched the the Kiki scis jam? I did. I did. Was that any better? You said it wasn't for you. Why it wasn't That's racist. Yeah. No it's not racist. No, it was entertaining. It is just, it was like Younger demo. Yeah. It felt like women would enjoy that movie. All sex. It was like a buddy. Yeah, maybe I am. It was like a buddy comedy that was centered around women and it felt like women would enjoy it. My wife loved It like, like the way and the crowd was like a girls trip type of vibe.


No Like Red Man and Met man but women, There we go. Gotcha. Wow. Damn man It is good. I'm not watching Kiki Palmer do anything. It felt like an episode of Insecure kind of Trump is in with a budget. Like I'll watch it. It's entertaining. But You didn't miss nothing so I didn't miss nothing Trump. But take your wife. You guys would have a good time. I that's gonna be the move. I gotta find something to do. Y'all had y'all run. This nigga is stupid. This nigga's a idiot. All It is true though. Aint Trump one now? Alright girl. DEI movie. Yo. This niggas stupid yo. Oh man. You called it a DEI movie.


No, he called it that. Don't look at me. Don't look at me Now. I was piggybacking on what you said though. I only wanna see Kike Palm fight with her baby daddy. That's it. All that shit. Wish you showing talent. You got it. Big T is here now. I Like ki usually I love Kiki. T is here. I Love it too. I ain't fucking up. I ain't. Yeah, you got it. This part of school. Next part we doing talented black women that we all hate. I'm sick. Fuck you talking about Again Man. Give us an example. I won't be here shit. Word as well. If I give examples, my dad will be on my phone for the next rest of the week.


Who does Your dad like Everybody block give kind. Yeah, pop. Don't play the look. He don't play that shit. Next time you see dad, my dad just ask him. I was wondering something man. And like how many hits Roberta Flag got? Like honestly Wait, ask him that. Ask him that He he's anti Roberta Flag. No, no, no. Go the opposite. Oh, oh, oh No. Oh I was He My shit. He's anti nobody. That's from back in the day. But if you ever just wanna fuck with him. Oh be like hell man. Honestly, real quick Pat the Bell And Slaps was smokey. Really? That dude I asked him Lori Hill took Roberta Flack slap. So she what?


She Yeah, Yeah, yeah She did snatched it right from her and she, what she gonna do about it? Pardon me? What you gonna do about it Roberta? Let me get that. Lemme Get that big thought shit out. That shit Big Jersey. She snatched. That's a Lawrence song. It is. We don't, yeah we Don't what? Say something Martin. Y'all trash man is bullshit man. That's generational. That's generational. Alberta killed that shit. So did Dolly Parton. Don't nobody know it. Whitney. You don't want my popular opinion about that saying it too. Whitney took that nigga you. What's your unpopular opinion? She Know everything. I'll be sure song. So hold up. What? What's your We on? We did get no we didn't. What is it Mark? You throw Dolly. No, don't. Don't help him.


Look y'all not gonna like my unpopular say Yeah let's hear. Let's hear it though. And I know it's an all Jersey room. So y'all think everything is everything? Nah it's cool. Dolly Parton's version of I for me is just as good. It is different. I'm as Mark We about to jump this nigga what? Just as good as what I'm It is Whitney's version. That's what he's the chipmunk version. Niggas fucking y'all disrespect Dolly party gets disrespect so much. Disrespect Disrespected Dolly part. I love Whitney's version. It is not even said it disrespect party. You can tell isn't as good as Lawrence too. Right. Can't believe he said That weird. Why Cliff This's? What makes it good?


Come on man. This, this arrangement is way better. Mark, stop. It's timeless the night that Fuji's version is not time. It is very, I Love it. It ain't timeless. Ice caramel macchiato. Yeah, yeah. Yes please wait a minute, yo. Let get get a, You think it a crazy take to say the word of flax version is I get a, It is a better arrangement. Can a lemon loaf with a pistachio latte? Yo. Y'all wildling this niggas shit. I want a birthday cake pop too. I like those. I hate y niggas Y tree. Y'all tree with that above ass take you paying nigga. You think that this version isn't as good as Lord. Y'all crazy. Y'all just, you y'all just from the nineties. That's all. I bet your pop would agree with me. That's what I'm saying. That's just some nineties shit. If you ask most people, they're not gonna say that. This Shit is beautiful. Sound like some fucking elevator music though Bro.


You are outta your mind. I You don't like this version. This shit is cool. If I'm making tea, This Like, this shit is, this shit is Y'all. This shit cool. If I'm hard of hearing You right now. Hold, hold, hold, hold on Mark, hold up, hold up. Yeah. I love this version. I don want hear no Philly voices right Now. Yo.


Get That stupid nigga here nigga. Lemme tell you something. This shit sound like I'm hold be everybody Representative, representative press one. Everybody's 60 and will agree with agree with me. Not 60. They Wrongest. I generational 60 so I can't agree with somebody older. You Wrong. Can y'all hold up for It is not a hold Up. Come on. Listen. Listen to Ycl Park. Gimme A try. I Love it Ric.


I heard he sing. Come on tight. I love this song. Ouch. That's my man. I waited five hours to watch a shit last month. Take last week. Get this shit down. Oh my God. Press three. Yeah. Get Y'all. Y'all bugging, bugging Mark. I only shit. So you just don't like, you feel like they alla black music or it's just this? I don he, he tried to move a gold. He tried to move a gold. I'm not moving to gold. I'm saying if you don't like this sound you say this shit sound you like. It's boring. I'm saying don't sound boring to me.


I don't think so. I think it just Mark, mark, mark, mark. You talking over Greatness. I did not say that. It is you in the Kitchen. It is. You In the kitchen. Mark. You talking over greatness. She took her slap. Yo. It's okay. She stole it. Oh she did. Yo. All right now we bumped into a fucking impromptu fucking topic. She ain't the only one that got a slap taken from her. Oh Yeah. We did this one time where we talked about The other one about we about The covers and sometimes the cover was better than the Original. Let me chill out. Flex. Oh good. Flex Forward. It took what? People don't know the original exists.


No, that's crazy. I'm just saying that we had this conversation like you know, a while ago where we talked about It. It ain't just better. It's as Dolly Parton did it better. It It is the only version. Yes. As Dolly Parton who did it better. It's the only version. Listen, I can't shit on Smokey. Hey Joe. Don't start no shit. He right though. I can't though. Whatever. Can't say, but I can't say it. I don't know. I can't Say it this better. This is A lot better than the Roberta Fla But it's far apart still. It is closer. I can't do that to smoke. This is Fine. Okay. It is all the way fire. But what's better? Go play the other one.


Let it play nigga. Let it play a little bit. Nah, I ain't let y'all do that to smoke You. It is, You Can't play with Smokey. I don Let the music take your mind sound. Listen. From 50 up 50 and up right now.


Shit on smoke. I ain't, To me stealing somebody's slap is different sometimes. D Alright, go ahead. Play play your boy. Hey, I Ain't, It is not, it's not. I'm not gonna do that. It's not I'll. Well I'm not gonna say It ain't i'll though. Fuck y'all talking about? This shit sound like butter. You think this, you think this kills It too? Yes. That Dolly part Whitney Houston shit is not even, That's, I said it's an unpopular opinion. I just, I'm just a Dolly Parton Fan.


It's your opinion. Wouldn't I'm agree With that. Not unpopular. It's yours. Hey Mark, I'm a dolly. Look, I'm a Dolly Parton family. I I I love my mother more than damn near anything. Breathing. Yeah. If my mother made that Dolly Parton version of Whitney Houston deal. What? She, you not like the Dolly Parton version? Or do you just think Whitney second? It is Okay. It ain't what Whitney Houston did. I look they not in the same state. Yeah, I don't agree with that. I don same Universe. Yeah. Us. I'm not, I'm not trying to convince y'all that Dolly Parton's version is better. I'm just saying my, as I it's unpopular opinion. I It is a, It is a quirk of mine. I love Dolly Parton. It's very, she's like, I don't think Beyonc did Jolene better than Dolly Parton. No, she's different. I just, she didn't, you not gonna tell me. She, she probably do. There's no Dolly Parton song.


Y'all gonna probably tell me did better. There's no Doll Parton. Dolly Parton. Jolene, that's a fight. Yeah, it's not a fight. No, no. I'm telling you, it's y'all crazy. Whitney Houston ain't a fight. It's Mike Tyson fighting. Oh man, come on. I'm not y'all, you think you missed what I'm saying? I'm not trying to convince, I'm not saying I'm righting you wrong. I'm saying I'm a Dolly Parton fan and that's my unpopular I I'm saying we righting you wrong. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I'm with you. You completely. You dog. Yeah. Another one I ain't really gonna have no conversation about. How about I'll give one. Oh. Oh yeah. I wanna tell You, baby, This is his song.


The original don't really exist. Which One are you talking about? Superstar. I didn't know there was more than one. There's Bette Midler's version. There's the Carpenter's version. I'm never talking about Bette Midler White, Weird Al Yako bitch. Which, It's the carpenter. There's four version. There's four versions of this before. That's why I was asking which one. What a crazy I'm playing when it comes to the Old Blacks. Yo carpenters Are white. Don't say be Midler again And Bent Midler is white. Which is why I was saying every version was white before none of them exist. Yeah, I ain't gonna lie. I Love, I think this version's the best one, but I just wishing which one he was talking about. The other ones don't suck. You writing a document, you writing a book on him right? As soon as he get this little part out right here. Hey, our home listening. 40 and out 40 and up right now. Put a light in the sky right now. Rest in peace Luther. Rest in peace.


Fat Luther and skinny Luther. Let's go. Yo, don't do that. Let's go. Who, who Won the flute? Oh. Oh. Hey, the carpenters can go lay some carpet. Some go, Go go. Put up Some molding. Yeah, they, they can take their ass to loaves when this come on. Let me let him get in his bag real quick. Then I got one more. I want to ask y'all who make, who has the best version and then we can move on.


Good. Him Cook. I don't care if you taking a while. I don't care if you taking a long time. I don't give a fuck. Ben Midler. Yeah. Don't ever say Ben Midler again up here. She's like fucking, that's racist. The songs just Ronald Reagan. Get the fuck outta here. She act. I leave it alone. Yo, you got, I'm just as, Hold up. I just want to tell you the other day when you said in the sixties, seventies, the white, the white ladies could have took you out. You think Ben Miller had me? Don't you Remember? Oh my God, Baby. Oh my God.


The music love is out here. Ben Midler. Who don't say that dumb shit again. Up here This way again. All right. We have the best version of this song. I really, There's only one version. I, Bonnie, come on Mark. Bonnie Rai's version. I'm taking Bonnie every time. Yeah, Bonnie Rai. I'm taking Bonnie Rai every time You say Bonnie Rai's version of I can't make you love the best one. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yes. And I Don't think it's, I mean, let me hear what bag she was on. Lemme see.


Oh, come On. Let's go. Big man Inside. Fired. I can't on it. I can't on it. It's the best version. Don't patronize 50 And up. 50 and up out there. Out there.


Nah, her shit is still fire. Her shit is still fire. I'm biased though. See the Music be sounding crisper And It is older. Like I like that time capsule of sounds from the seventies or whatever. But everybody did this. Prince did this. Will Downing, did this tank, did this. None of 'em did as good as Biden. I hear you. I ain't gonna print y'all to death right now. Is Mark here? Did we lose Mark? We lost Mark. He's fine. Lost him Here. We lose it. Mel, I have a question for you. Really lose him. Okay? Yeah. Little nasty. Worried. Do you feel that I have more perks than you up here talk to Him for. Yes. Do you feel that you get treated unfairly?


Not by the, we just talking about when it comes in comparison to others. Say answer it Right Or edit it out. Yeah. Comparison to me. Do you feel like it's un Do you feel like it's unfair? Do I get, you know, Are you talking about contractually? I don't wanna, we don't wanna use that word. I just gave her that word. Yeah. Anything pertaining to anything Because you, you've called me privately and asked me how, I got a couple of things before and I told you and, but then now you're complaining about certain things. That's crazy. Niggas. So all y'all can you, can you respond to that because it hurts when I hear it. I Really, I think it's just them two. I don't think it's me. They dead ass right now about what they, what they saying. Like Mel has Called, we've seen it before, Mel.


And I'm outta this, I'm outta this One more time, Mel. I'm saying that why must you always highlight the advantages that I may have instead of supporting me? Because when you called me, I gave you the breakdown. I told you this is what I did. This is what I worked into it. This is what it was. So then now why are you using that against me? 'cause she Was afraid to ask for Some of them Things that you may not use. I'm not using it. I'm not using it against you. It just does appear like you have special privileges up here. Like you come and go as you please. You come in late. Like it just, that is by all appearances what it looks like up here. Okay. Yeah. I think that, I think that is easier.


IIII don't wanna throw anybody else into the books. I just think it's easier to, to come at the man that can't keep up with you in certain, in certain spaces. I think you keep up just fine. Yeah, But mines, I saw That five minutes ago. Oh God. Mines is more erratic. Now. There's another nigga that come here late. But if you was to present the same offer to him, the conversation would go different. You would be more. Okay. Alright. Who you talking about? There's only one. Do you know the muffin? There's only one nigga in here. You can't tell that nigga about coming late. I got you. You gonna tell me you put me in. You can't tell. You can't. But I'm saying is that you talking to Mel though? You wouldn't deny in, in, in society. We pick and choose. You ain't gonna press my man by coming in late, yo.


He should be coming in late. He coming in late too. Yeah. No, I have said I have, I have talked about that. I've also talked about why the fuck am I standing up at the board? Like I like this is what? Yeah, But you did that in the airway. You told Joe about the bullshit. We came in here. No, no, no. Before I didn he said, y'all, I gotta, no, no. Before I said anything to Joe, I literally said it to y'all. I was like, I'm not standing up here for the good of my motherfuck House. You did. We didn't say that. We thought we was having another one of your tussie fits. We didn't take that serious. Well, now you went to tell Joe. Niggas walked ahead happy. You did. I guess that's what happens is like when a woman speaking, just regard her with Yes, you know, You know Yes, me Dismissal. Okay. Not a women but you. Oh, okay. Yeah. Let me ask you first, how many times have you, have you gotten up this couch and, and, and ran to the back and ran around in circles and stuff?


Wait, What? How many times? How many times have you, how many times have you came in here in the park and just started yelling on those off of a topic clutching your stomach? No, I'm talking about pic running home. Now I want to ask you two questions. Wait, hold on, hold on. I wanted to answer that internal fight. It's been, it's been plenty of times that you came to the podcast and you started yelling. So at that time when you did, you did say that twice, yo, I'm out up here on the board. Ice got up one time and said, I'll help you ma. Yes, but the time Joe called us outside, niggas had a great par before we thought we was coming in for another one. He called the meeting out there and you act like you was on our side. When you started it, you sat there like, I was looking for consistency Man. But you didn't even join us. The nigga was checking us. Yo, y'all don't ride on the board.


It's from him. And you just sat there with us in solidarity. Like, yeah Joe, why you talking to them like that? But you was the one that Brought it to him. Thank God I got the shade. Yeah, ask the question. Oh, he rolling. Look. Oh, they gonna see who go. I just wanna ask two questions. You know what? No. Oh No. Okay. This was a one B one. I don't have the energy for this shit. And to continue on, like we got like what, two more hours? No, you can ask me later, but no, Wait, what? What? I ain't gonna lie. You different on from Tuesdays you different.


Tuesdays and Friday you was different. And I see when a woman feel like she got somebody that got her back, how she act. I I'm gonna investigate this and my wife do the same thing with her mother around. Yo, shout out nigga. Like, who you talking to Now I have to respect that 'cause her mother there, but she so crazy slamming shit. She slamming the brew in front of her moms. So I'm your mother-in-law. No, but I, Mel was On my ass the whole first 40 minutes, maybe 30 minutes of this bro. Yeah, she, I had to pull outside Like, yo, I'm your friend. Like, And then Friday, Friday she be cool. She be like, I see it. I think it's fly though. I think how you pick and choose is fly, but it's just obvious. The niggas that know you, it Can't just, it it, it can't just be my response to certain energy or certain things that are said to me that might have an effect on me regardless of the day.


It has nothing to do with the day. I'm just saying that with Mark here, you feel more Secure. No, that's not true. It is. That is not true. No, it's not true. Okay. I, I love the addition that Mark is, but I don't feel any more safe or unsafe. Li he I don, which with talking here, we're not talking about historically we're not talking. Stop it. We're not talking about safety. I think you're safe to around us and you make that clear. But I think when it comes to the broadcast, you're willing to talk up more when it comes to certain topics. 'cause you know that Mark, you agree on a lot of the same things. I went back and I did the research and I, you know, I got the programs so I had to write. Oh, she talked it. Oh, on Friday we get mad crazy shit off. Oh, I, I, there's, I don't, I can't read his mind. I don't know if he's going to agree with me on, on any topic that I bring up.


Like I don't No, That's right. It's true. I don't. And there's been times where I've said something and he, He totally disagreed. But but how does he disagree with you man? Can you be honest with me? With me, he hasn't always with, because I love you as a sister. He doesn't disagree with you like how we do. Right. He wouldn't make Yes, that's what I'm saying. He doesn't, he he doesn't make you away. Sorry. Imagine, imagine how that feels when somebody can disagree with you in a respectful manner. I have no argument to that. Or Like feel like they're not, doesn't feel like they're not all pouncing on you all at the same time. So then your thoughts get fragmented and shit like that. I don't wanna turn this. We we're potting. Okay? I don't wanna turn this into this. I've seen Disagree with you in a, in, in a respectful way. I he has, he has. I'm not taking that away from him. And, and that's why I'm not just putting, that's, I'm not just putting the fucking cape on Mark's fucking back.


She, she's Got a point that nigga Cape is from is in the Hudson. Nigga. I'm not Caping. That's, I think that's, I just don't pence on. And honestly, I don't think it's fair to him to say that he capes for me. No. I feel like you and and I because I respect him and we say it again. And I did, I did my research on him. I feel like he gonna have to go. I feel like you guys are one, one on certain. I feel like you guys are one, one of one on certain topics. I know he done had a Few talks. He's not, he's not, he's not gonna, he's not gonna sit here and disagree. Anything pertaining to women, women rights. He's not gonna, he's not. Mark brand is Mark brand is polished. It's not a brand though. I actually believe that saying. But it's polished though. Mark. You understand what I'm saying? I'm not trying to, I'm saying, I'm not saying it's not, I'm not saying that I'm not associated with that.


What I'm saying is I actually believe it. I know you do. That's what I'm saying is that me, I will talk. I do, I I didn't say a word my brother, I don't want no smoke. Yeah, you could, you could. No I do. I I do remember one M is bigger than the other. M and Mss Remember whole more weight now drum in my, and you know what I'm saying? You coulda just came and saved me. You be letting me go in the edge. I'm already in hot water over here, Mel. It is upholding whatever our time wasted be fish. I think so. I'm just trying to chill.


Just trying to chill. Giving grace is dangerous. We just want to be cool. I'm, I'm Chilling. I don't want no male smoke. We Good. I Love this 11th floor please. Thank You. Tripping. It is such a beautiful arrangement man. That live band That agreeing shit between Mark, Mel got until May wait until the weather get nights. He can't never go home. Hey, hey, Agreeing in the winter Nigga be like, it's one thing Mel could say something Obl crazy. Mark will like, he'll bite his right lip.


It's because you perceive it as being crazy. Well It is crazy to men, You see. So Mark's not a man. He is. Did You see? And Mark's not an intelligent man Very Well that have to do anything In inte, like has nothing to do with this. So His as Assessment, his assessment of Y aren't too smart here. His assessment of being, of me being crazy. But I Don't think you, mark doesn't have the, I don't think you're crazy is just, I don't think you're crazy at all. You guys like to throw that word around Lot. This is what I take. This is what I take is what I take. This is I take you there are time not crazy. Hold me down Mark right now. Please. That's your brother. Black dads. I am one. You are a black dad. No, I mean there are times where I don't agree and sometimes it mels to something I disagree with. I don't feel the need to jump in because three of y'all already doing that or two of y'all already doing that.


Just like I wouldn't, I had the same thing with y'all. Like it. Did you jump me though with, with the fellas? 'cause I'm a guy, right? It depends. It depends. You crack joke. You're jump me with the fellas crack jokes. It is joke with them. If it's a if it's a joke. Yes. Just like when we, when Joe walked out with that tv, we've all cracked up 'cause it was funny. No, It is a joke. And I joke too, right? Not really Mark. Oh I did, you pulled back a little bit. 'cause I think that you watch, you are a student of the game you watch and you don't wanna make male feel uncomfortable 'cause you guys are colleagues from afar. Friends. That seems not like a reasonable thing to do. Colleagues From the past. You said what? It seemed like what? I'm sorry. That's right. You said I didn't, I do it because I don't wanna make her uncomfortable. Yeah, I don't wanna make her uncomfortable. Why not? I I don't wanna make you uncomfortable, but you did a couple of times. I apologize. Let me know what I do it next time when we can talk about it in, in that moment. I didn't realize that. I didn't realize that made, I didn't realize I hurt your feelings.


Just lying. We can hug it out. I don't wanna be a, I love Corey. Like you being a bitch, like fuck your feelings. Fuck you doing with feelings bitch ass Nigga. Mel, do you? Probably not the best segue. Do you want to address the Carlos Miller tweet Shit? Who's Carlos Miller? Carlos Miller is from 85 South. 85 South. Okay, Well A little subtweet out there that people just attached to our pod. So yeah, I was on, I was doomed scrolling on Twitter. Stupid To me. Stop Carlos. Carlos with DC and them. Well he said something, It is a homie, I'm gonna paraphrase but something, his tweet was something to the effect of that lady up.


That old lady. He did. No the fuck it did not say that. It said that lady. I read it wrong. Alright lady Rat his done sing with me Allo. That lady up there hates all those niggas up there. Yeah, that's the word around town. That is the word around the streets. That is, I'm gonna be honest, that is a lot of people feel that, feel That way. I don't give a fuck. And I tell 'em that you love me, but they, you know, I don't care. You should care 'cause we your friends. No. Like, no, I don't care what people have to say. I don't give a fuck.


I think that it was a, it was a stupid observation, Carlos. And and also put the fucking put put the, put a name on the bullet. Just put a name on the fucking bullet. Like why Subtweet For what? I don't know you like, that's just, hey school, you have to call. Okay, sure. But it's just, it starts a conversation that just gets fucking nasty. True. You know what I mean? Understand for what reason. True. And without really actually analyzing what took place up here and the conversation and how, you know, it could make certain parties feel. It's like just the fucking complete and total dismissal of like my feelings. Like, just because I'm upset doesn't mean I hate y'all. That's ridiculous. Like I'm a grown ass critically thinking woman. Like Critically it came actress too.


It's, It's Stop it. And historically with all the men have done to women. Stop it. Stop It. But we backing you up, nigga. Mark what you think? I think That Roberta flack arrangement. The strings. Fucking strings Man. ASAP trial. ASAP trial. What's the newest? Come on, put your little blackberry away nigga. Come on. Join us. Top hidden. I was trying to find, put your ass in here. I was trying to find a Carlos tweet Outside I was telling Ish This guy. It is insane bro. Alright, 30 seconds on this Yo. Wow. 45. I'll start this time. It's just 45. Nah, I'm good bro. I'm Alright.


You don't have to say that. I'm cool. All right. I'll talk for 45 seconds outside. I was admiring. It is your hoodie. We Don't have to do that, bro. That Shit is nice. I won't do It is my voice. When he, he walked over Roscoe. I ain't gonna lie, nigga. You, you, what's that shit you appropriate. Whatever you take the black shit to a whole nother level. So, but that's what, that's what I'm doing. I said hey now. Hey, now say now all about my, okay, that's it. 45 seconds up this Weekend. Team building. Nah, that's it. That's it. I've seen enough. What's team building? This, This weekend? Team building isn't full of effect, But no, hold on. So we should we, but I think we, I I think, I think shit.


No, I think that if it affects, if it affects us, we should take certain things out. I I just wanna let the, I I thought, I thought my man was down with it. My man don't like that. Then I, I'm, I don't stand on that. I I participating in the show. I wanna let the millions listening know that everyone here has an aux and editing power. True. So can I ask you a question? Because I like to bring stuff from behind the scenes on camera. Really? Yeah. See that's two. You did that do that to hell with the shit she just said about the tweet. So after, after our exchange, you go outside and bother my man. After our exchange, our Conversation. Well, we were talking about something else that the audience don't know about. Got it. And then, Oh yeah, I get that.


Some of y'all think I'm bothersome. I get that. And I, and I've accepted it and I, by some, I mean three of y'all and by three of y'all I just mean flip Ish and male. I'm kind of fly with everybody else, Joe And me. It is really fly. It's just like a, just our dynamic. It's our thing. Romance Bromance. Yeah. So you Not a bro man. I don have. So who, Who you not really fly with though? Because when you put the word really on something mean, it's just really fly. So who you're not really fly with. Me and Mel. Like where, where Are we on your fly though? He looks at us as his problem. Children. I ain't nobody problem y I've been a problem y'all my whole life, bro. Where do you look at us on a fly meter?


Like you and Isha really fly. So boom. Where's Mel? Is she really fly or she just fly? No, me and Mel fly. Oh. So she here. Where's Me and Mel fly? We, me where you and I, we Fly. So me and Mel is on the same tier. Okay. Put on different pillars. Same shit, but different pillars. Got you. Hey, that Rocky, who's caught up? Who's caught up? Who's caught up? Who's caught up? I saw that the, the, If you're not caught up, let me just catch you up. This shit over. It is a wrap. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's done. It's not done Case, but it's done. Oh, this is A wrap. What happened? They witnessed Bradley took the stand For five days.


Oh. And just crashed out. Mm Oh really? That's Why He aint take, sounds like he sounds like a complete nutcase up there. They've proven him to be a liar. Non-credible, delusional. They, they've proven him to be a these these, remember we kept saying asap must know something that we don't know. Yep. Yeah. Like we were right. ASAP knew the dude was an idiot. Ah. And if you just give an idiot enough room and rope, they'll Show you, they'll do the work for You. Right. With a qualified attorney. Yeah. Yeah. Gimme mine And Rihanna's attorneys versus this dummy we win. I'm not taking six months anywhere. Walk me to my vehicle. What, What did he do on on like that makes him, was it the crosses that they called him Lion?


They called him lion on the first Day They called him lying. They called Him lying on the first day The calls that he said were fake calls, they proved that he actually made the call. He threatened the nigga. He Called, he called during the trial. He called the homeboy that he said the call was fake during the trial and said, yo man, why you, Why why you ain't telling on me? This nigga is a complete nutcase. Really? And this has proven to be the money. Grab that ASAP and them said asap. I totally apologized for saying that you should have took that six months based on the evidence or discovery. I was wrong. I didn't know that this dude was as stupid.


Yeah, I didn as you knew him to be. So So did they kick it yet or no? Not yet. Not yet. No. But it, it shouldn't happened. It should. The judge just asked the prosecutors if they're able to ethically continue to prosecute the case. Damn. Alright. It is in that, that's just wrapped in. Yeah. Really? Yep. Yep. This is over. I don't trust jurors but it sounds like this is way past It might not get to, Don't think It is Gonnas. It might not get to the all white jurors. Do you think it's But he's the only witness, right? Would he be the only for prosecutors? He's the major. He's the main one. Prosecution has arrested their case. Def Defense. Oh defense ain't even started. Oh That was just on the cross.


Yeah, they went in there like, yo, your Honor, what we doing? What we doing? What we doing? Basically. He's so dumb up there. I would shoot at him again after the trial over. Ain't Ain't You Right. Come on your fucking, Hey grab the non-starter pistol Now that this is over, Let's talk to him a little bit. So yeah, congratulations to ASAP Rocky ahead of time because this is not over yet. But anybody with common sense and I you can see it. It is like this is, oh you wasting our taxpayer money And and I'm getting charged. Oh I know they cracking in it. Rihanna bankroll. Well ASAP got some bread. Yeah. Yeah nigga probably got the $4,000 an hour lawyers.


How much ASAP got? How much do we got? He got some money. What though? If I had to guess. Yeah, 30 30 s I don't know. Is that from, is that from the fa his sponsorships and fashion deals and all that? I'm not counting enough of man pockets publicly, but we can talk about it off camera. I okay. I don't know. I was just asking. I don they got a couple I wasn't trying to counter It Is, we always know some, some Ill shit son. I ain't gonna lie. He's had a successful rap career. He is had a people that he put on. He's got the fashion career. He is got, he's not broke. Yeah, he's Doing fine I would assume. And they have some money from all that fashion shit. Yeah. Whether it's 30, 20 crew kids or something. And when I, when I marry Arianna, I'm going to book new deals.


Yeah Of course. That part And and I hate to tell you him saying that I don't wanna lose none of my deals or none of my business shit. Yeah, yeah. Like yo dog, I was fired My, my wife got Fenty nigga I might be the face of Fenty men's coming, any of that shit coming. He was, He was the face. No I'm gonna roll off fte. Fuck you talking about nigga this is my shit. The Harlem version. Congratulations. Congratulations to ASAP Rocky Ahead of time homeboy. Yeah. Ba hum. Ba hum with homeboy. What else is there? What else is they important? Well you talking about charges and trials and shit. Michael Jordan's son back out there again. What do you do now?


He just got locked up in, in Florida. Got him in Florida? Yeah. DUI And position that white girl Resisting and resisting that white Girl two ways. Devil on top get you every time. Oh man. What does everyone think? Nothing. I think he sniffed. Coke ain't rich so ain't nothing gonna happen. Nothing gonna happen to him. Ain't gonna get a slap on the, I love who y'all choose to pull out y'all free himms for? I ain't saying free nobody. You Said free Pty? Nah, No I didn't. Yes you did. Oh I did. What's his nickname something? 7 6 2. Oh yeah, he definitely said it said I'm with free pte just ban him from all strip clubs in America. No, as long as he can get to the studio that's all I need is get to the booth.


But yeah, I'm not saying free. We're saying Free by the time he get out kill a nigga's gonna be outta town. Can't kill niggas no more. Killing niggas outta No but it ain't a market for It is a market for That. But now they kind of moving away from that shit a little bit. They are a little bit, you can pay attention to it. What they said he did. Who? Oh, Marcus. Marcus, Jordan. Coke. Coke. He did it. He got caught. He was high. He got caught with a DUI that had possession of cocaine allegedly. And it resisting arrest is the other charge. No, I'm not saying allegedly. I know we have to say it for legal purposes but any nigga that has little cocaine with him during their watermelon for breakfast had it for the rest of the day. He had it with him for the rest of the day.


I'm not taking a drive without it. If I can't eat watermelon without it, He Ain't had that regular shit either. He Yeah, that's a good shit. Good shit. Nah, his shit is good. Shit. He got good shit. Shit I would assume In Florida. And It is just the reason why I don't wanna give kids all this money unless I know they responsible because he got nothing to stop him. He a kid. No, I mean he where he he's my children. His his. I mean I mean just children. If I got same thing, I'm just saying like I wouldn't give, I worry that he has no end in sight 'cause he got all the money in the world, all the lawyers, the world. Oh yeah. Well you literally have no expectation. That's all I'm saying. Like It is dangerous. He seems like he's on a bad course right now. I hope he can get it, get it right. He should. Where He should probably get more of your vitriol than a Bronny.


I ain't got no vitriol against either of 'em. It's all right brother. I like both of 'em. It's all right my brother. I love Bronny. You've been mighty silent while Bronny been dropping 17, 19, 21, 23 In the Gatorade league. Right. It's so In any league nigga you had zero points in the fucking league in Mwah. Exactly. That you'd be going to. And if somebody drafted me you'd be like, why the fuck did they draft Mark and you was a no-show? And them niggas that got drafted right after him cumulatively are averaging 12 points. Yeah look And he's averaging less than that. Right? Or you talking about in the G league, All three of them together after him are averaging 12 points. In the G League or in the NBA? No In NA. Yeah. He's averaging less than that in the NBA. He's averaging less than them in the NBA. So still you wanna talk about Bronny and not Marcus Jordan you, I don't have any interest in talking about Bronny.


What Do you have to say to Marcus Jordan who's doing coke with cantaloupe? I hope first of all It is if it's is your money, lemme I don sniff but I'm a fan of can First of all, cantaloupe is delicious. Yu second, if it's your Coke and it's your money and you ain't hurt nobody. I don't have any judgment against you. I ain't got no, I'm not mad at It's not his money. Who Money is it? And It is a Ddu U I'm saying if he didn't steal it, where does he work? It is a ddu. I So you dropped. Does he have a job? Listen To what I'm saying. He's a trust Fund. What's the job When I say his money mean to be Michael mean is Jordan. What? He's not stealing it. He's legal. You know what I'm saying? Marcus Jordan is hurting himself. I don't want him to hurt himself. I hope he does better 'cause I want him to do better. But he's not harming anybody. I don't, I don't stigmatize people who use drugs.


I think it's a bad choice but I'm not judging him for it. I think bro's an amazing kid. I ain't got nothing bad to say about Bronny. But if we talk about Marcus Jordan, I wanna make better choices 'cause it's really dangerous. That's all. I ain't got nothing bad to say about him. Yeah, try coke and broccoli. Like just try some different mixes or Try to coke at home. Yeah. Don't like get Behind the wheel. Yeah, don't Drive And do that. That's the shit I don't like. Don't put other people at risk on the news. Every morning I'm seeing an accident. Just this morning somebody in a Tesla crashed into a divider over there on the highway over there. Two people. Well she died. She died. The dude is in stable condition. But every morning on the news they show you a drunk driver or someone driving under the influence of something that killed somebody else. Yeah.


Like that's not fly that, that's shit. Especially if you're not ill with the drunk driving. No such thing for the purpose of this audience. There you go. Yeah, there you go. Yo, this nigga saying You can't, he's not with the drunk driving. Stop. I know What you're talking about. You can't say that. Just Can't Mel, what you think? Hey yo. And I think that nigga's A lick. You think who's a lick? Marcus? Yeah. Or Doug. We knew that. No, he having a monster with him. Yeah. They just showed him with another monster Who 'cause you, when you say monster, I'm maybe don't always think they a monster. Nicole Murphy. Oh no. That's a monster. She's a monster. That's that's Godzilla.


She's a monster. But that's, you said who made that noise? Who made that noise? The room. Oh Yeah. Creaky walls. Yeah. You better sit there and look cute. Are you looking at me? I can't see through those. Fuck that shit is so, that shit is so, that Shit is so right now it's so Tricky. The Blast. I heard Y was your breathing pattern. Your breathing pattern changed like you wanted to get froggy. You better look cute. You better look cute. You was in LA too. You, you better just sit there and do your pod and hide and bar. What? You got a tank? You got a cold Murphy tank?


No, I bet like you ain't got a drink tape. Sit your ass down. Be cute. I know there's some crus over there too. It gotta be, give us some tea. No, I will not give him any motherfucking teeth. Alright to the restroom room. Do y'all think it's some tea? You know it's some tea Then Nicole Murphy throwing, taking one of Mel old fucking works. Yes. And we can move on to the answer. See Mark. I think they, they might be, I think they Eskimo sisters Cloud for your man. I, no, I'm tweaking the rock. I have no idea. I don know anything about Mel's personal life. That's right in that.


That's right. Stupid. Don't say nothing to where when you walk in the house. You gotta avoid the room machine. They gotta walk through the den. Don't you go in that kitchen Now You could man The kitchen is the worst place to find your girl mad. Scrubbing the shit out that pot. She she getting it in. All the risk to action. Alright, what else is going on? No asap. We done with him Since we talking about Hoop burn. Has your cor all This Guy? No, come on. What else we got? What else we got Since we talking about hoop? The NBA just had maybe, hey The best do it biggest Trade NBA history. Maybe it's most surprising to trade N NBA a history. It said, I don think it's, it's the first time two all pros got traded directly for one another.


Yeah. In the same during the regular Season. In the season Two. All NBA teams midseason. It Was a shocker. This was the most shocker to the point that people thought that shams was was hacked. Yeah, because it, we All thought it was fake. Yeah, It didn't seem real. I thought It was cintel or some shit. I'm like, yo, y'all, y'all done got cocktail Do y all again. Right. I like, oh shit, this is real. This is real. And it's, And whenever that broke some other shit was heating up online. I was doing something else but they was like Luca Lake. I was like, wait, who is a Laker? Right. It was so, 'cause like Beyonc had announced her, her shit Kanye was tweeting wild shit. Then they announced it was all happening. I guess it was a lot. Yeah, it Lot. It was a cluster fuck shit. I was like, this can't be real. This can't be real. It was trending Luka Doncic from the Dallas Mavericks traded for Anthony Davis of the Los Angeles Lakers and Max Christie and one draft pick.


Yeah. And we got Luca Key blur or clever and the white Boy that could shoot, that Could shoot the threes. Yeah. Tall kid. As a Laker fan, how do you feel about that trade? I, I'm happy for the long term. Luca's a top seven player on the face of the planet. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So you can't turn down that with LeBron being 40 ad being inconsistent and ad was they said was gonna want the supermax. I just think that you can't turn down Luca at 25, 26 years old. It is a, that's a, I also think that the style of play at the Lakers has been boring as fuck. So LA demands a certain style.


Like we want to be Hollywood Lakers, we want to be running gun and exciting that shit that we be doing now that shit have put you to sleep. I just don't see this deal. I mean I, I get it long term, right? You say we need a new face, we need a new superstar for 10 years. Luca's the guy that makes sense to me. But if you're trying to win with LeBron now this team is worse today than it was three days ago. What, what are the odds that the Lakers is gonna go to the championship with this team is currently constructed. Oh it wasn't. It wasn't. So so what's your what? So what would you lose? So I agree with the strategy. I'm saying what, what I'm saying is, but I can't say that but you punt on LeBron but it means you're punting on LeBron. I Don't, I don't think the Lakers, the Lakers for the past few years, it seems casually 'cause I'm not like a Laker guy.


But it seemed like they've adopted like some of the Spurs regular season thinking like, okay, let's do what we gotta do regular season. We don't need to be a first, second or third seed just makings. We can beat Houston who's the fourth seed, right? We can beat the grizzlies who's whatever seed and then we'll take on that schedule. That's how they won the fucking 20, the last chip they won in the, in the bubble when nobody had 'em Going there. Yeah. That was, that was years ago. And it's been backfired lately. Three or four. But this is the thing, all of the teams in the west have gotten better with Denver still being the pinnacle. The Lakers are not drafting players and or making trades to contend with Denver. If Denver is the top shot us, we not getting no big bodies.


But They're not. I'm gonna say KC is tough. They're not. Yeah bro. Until you dethroned Denver. They him They've been dethroned already. Yeah, they wanted to change. Dallas Went to the final, Dallas went to the finals last year. That's what I'm saying. If but alright, I'm I'm gonna give you that. What I'm saying is this, it Beat the thunder. Who Dog or was That the wolves? I'm Sorrys are going to get people to contend with Joker. That's what Dallas just did. We got two big boys, we got Lively and the other kid, young kid Gaffer. Gaffer. Now we gonna go get ad Who defends him Pretty good. He's long, he's quick. He defends him pretty well. But we need some other niggas to contend with joking in the playoffs. And that's how the great teams do mid-season.


They make a trade that is looking for the playoffs. Like the PIs like the Pistons did when they got rash. Wallace I don or what y'all did when y'all got Mutombo. I Don't want us to spend too much time breaking down the basketball side of things on this because I don't think anything about this is a basketball move. No, that that's right. Like if this were ba a basketball move, the thinking is you would, if I'm trading my franchise player all all NBA first team led the league and scoring just took us to the finals, then I'm opening up the, the negotiations to every team. Hey, what you got for me? What you got for me? What you got for me? It's being reported that they only called the Lakers and they were like, what do you think of this?


And then to not get any draft picks back, you know I'm a Knick fan. We spent five picks on Mikhail Bridges. Rudy Gobert was my, I think six picks. So basketball common sense says if we're trading Luca, we're getting back a hall. That didn't happen. So I put my tin foil hat on. I see fans out there put their tin foil hat on. I like that too. My tin foil hat was bad. My, I was just, I I went back to the Chris Paul Laker veto trade and was like, shit, if we've been complaining about rating's all season, what better way to spice this up than to put Luca in LA with LeBron and get that moving.


Put him over here in Dallas. Another major, a major city. And let's just try to spice this up a little, a little bit possibility. Also this trade happened. Me and Cory was at the Nick game that night. And before the game started, we looked up at the names on the board and we was like, oh, the knick just clapped dun by about 50. I ain't know none of niggas names. Then the game started. Of course I felt old. I'm sitting there like, is that Doug Christie's son? Sure enough, sure is. That was Doug Christie's son. Annie. Nice. Yeah. 17 Annie nice. And was playing good defense on Jalen Brunson. But anyway, I didn't, didn didn't see anything abnormal at the game. LeBron was stronger, faster, quicker and smarter than everybody on the court. Still at 40 years old.


But, and Rich Paul was there. Everybody was there. That was like a big game. They say that that was the most expensive regular season ticket all season. I could Believe that it was prime time. It was ESPN. A lot of cameras. That was, if the garden was more packed than I've seen it in recent years. Spike Lee, Chris Rock, Tracy Morgan, fucking Steve Stout came in there with that beautiful ass. Louis Co came over to me at halftime like, yo, you good man. I heard some stories. I ain't gonna keep addressing my sleepwalking shit every time. Every new person I see either. I say, Yeah man. Little bit, little bit of sleepwalking, man. He had some real good advice. Real good advice. He was like, Yeah, what? Wear clothes? No, he said, yo, just relax Magnesium.


Just Relax. Got Yeah. Use some magnesium. I got some, I just ordered it. You got some In the cabinet there. I look like a magnesium nigga. You Might need it to keep you asleep. You need magnesium. I take magnesium. Oh, okay. Y'all Can you spray it on your feet bro. It give you a really, really sound. That's it. I need something stronger than that. What's the dust version of that Mega try Something say, Hey, gimme the Marcus Jordan version of magnesium. But anyway, I'm I'm saying that to say I didn't see anything unusual at the game. LeBron looked like he got a triple double not even trying sleeping. He didn't, nothing seemed weird. Do y'all think it's possible that this trade happened without LeBron knowing, without Jason Kid knowing without any of these people knowing the way they reported From, from what I'm hearing, and I don't have no inside knowledge of this, but what the insiders are saying is that they spo like, like Sham said, he knows he can guarantee that LeBron did not know other reporters.


Say LeBron was at dinner when he found out and that he's, he was still, his head was still spinning. Luca just bought a house last week. 15 million. 15 million. In Dallas? In Dallas, yeah, in Dallas. So Luca definitely didn't know and he would've no reason to think he's gonna get traded. So I really believe this is one of those rare times where LeBron was completely not in the know. Which says to me again, they're punting on LeBron. Yes. There was, this is the first time in the history of LeBron's career where a move like that would be made without his, without him, his approval without, and that's scary to me. My 10 foil hat is on too. But I'm thinking less about, oh the league is trying to make the Lakers good again. Although I ain't, I don I ain't mad at that. Oh no. The Brighter 10 foil Hats, 10 foil hat was not No. Yeah, that was me being stupid. The brighter tinfoil hat. Dude, they they're taking the power back.


Oh see, I, I think it's something else talking about Brian is Drake. Yeah, that's what I was gonna say. Because that's what it sounds like From No, they would saying analogy Is not Drake. He's 40 years Luca being trading all terms, He's no longer eligible for the Supermax. Right. Which is fucked up and ad ad no longer eligible. So now just for context for the audience, he would've got a $360 million extension in the summer that he's no longer eligible for. 'cause he won't have the tenure in with the same team. Right? Both of them. So It is gonna cost him like 40, 50 million. Both of them. Yeah, both of 'em. Yeah. So that's their, this is their way of, now this is what the, the tenfold have. This is their way of kind of, they found a loophole. Yeah. In these big ass collective bargaining they signed. That might be it. But so Is that the only reason why?


Because they were, I don both Eligible for I not the only, but I don't think that could, this is what, trying to think shit back over. I think it's, I think there's something about Luca that Dallas knows that we don't know. And I think in about six months everybody's gonna be like, oh, that's why they traded him. You know, I'm hearing from Dallas beat reporters that he has weight issues, weight issues, condition issues, attitude issues. But then there are people who are saying that they don't think he's a winner, they just don't think he's a winner and he doesn't play defense. And so they don't wanna invest that in somebody who they know they can never win with. And so they're, they're selling high. What's the reason? I don't believe the last part is the main reason is 'cause like Joe said, then you open it up to the whole league. You let everybody get take it, then you get the best offer.


I think they're trying to get some something un somebody unhealthy off their plate before people find out before you can kick the tires on them or get it while, while the value's still how fat. Yeah. Yeah. And if you start bringing too many people and they want medical reports, they're asking questions. I can, that nigga's a top seven player in the world, so is Joellen bead right when he is healthy. But if you find out that he can't walk anymore, we'll see. And I'm saying he could be understand. I'm I'm, 'cause right now he's having calf issues. Next thing It is your Achilles, I think fat, his fat ass need to get in the gym and, and get some cardio going. Let me play this tin foil hat shit from my man KFC Barstool. I went and read all of this same shit that he's about to refer to, but it makes some sense. Get You tin foil hats out folks because there's a new conspiracy theory that the Mavericks traded Luka Doncic on purpose to tank so that they could either get their, get casino resort approved or force the team to move to Vegas.


So the long-term plan has always been for the Mavericks to turn their arena into a casino resort entertainment complex. Now, when Mark Cuban sold his majority shares to Miriam Adelson, the idea was that one day he would partner with Las Vegas Sands to create this entire gambling complex. However, according I Don Texas lawyer and litigator, he says that despite the fact that the Mavericks are giving a ton of money to Texas lobbyists, they are not getting this bill approved to move them from Dallas to Austin to create the entertainment complex. So his theory is that their threat to move the team to Las Vegas is not really credible if they are a top team competing for an NBA championship. However, if they suck, there's a lot more of a realistic chance that the NBA would move cities. And what's the best way for your team to all of a sudden suck is to just give away a top five player and your franchise Cornerstone.


You talk all about his weight and his conditioning and his supermax and his defense and all that. It all always comes down to money. Now that theory, which doesn't even seem like that much of a conspiracy, makes a lot more sense than the alternative. There's a reason why no other NBA executives were contacted about potential trade options because they didn't want a good trade return. There's a reason why Danny Age who was involved in the trade, didn't know that Luca was a part of it. 'cause they needed to make sure it went through despite being absolutely ridiculous so that they could intentionally suck. Because now the Texas government has to decide whether they wanna lose the team to Vegas or approve this Austin complex. And if you're competing for a championship with Luka Doncic, it's a lot easier for them to call the Mavericks bluff to move them to another city.


I don't know about you, but that entire theory seems pretty wild, but pretty true. I, I can't rock with it because I, I think Dallas is a better team today than they were pre-trade. I think Dallas fares better in the long term in in the Western conference than in the Long term. No, not the long this year. Not the long. Oh, this year. Oh, you mean like in the next three years They could go further. They'll go further this year Dog. This should have got 10 drafts for Luca. Yeah. So we can't say long not With ad. Yes with ad. Nah, nah, I disagree. Nah, you, you can get an elite player and a draft picks. You don't gonna get, you're not gonna get ad in a button in 10 draft picks. But you could get an elite player in 10 draft picks, which is what you want when you, when you get rid of the 25-year-old superstar. But for this year, yeah.


The more balanced team, they're more smarter team. The Lakers are worse team right now. And they got, they got a guy who handles, who's the most ball dominant player in the, in the NBA by far. Two of the most ball dominant players in the NBA. Yeah. But Luca is literally the most, and he doesn't play defense. You're not, and LeBron's not a spot up guy. You don't, the team didn't get better right now, but long term it's a brilliant move for the Lakers if he's healthy. But I'm trying to tell y'all I'm worried he, he weighs 270 pounds according to summer reports. Right now he bad. He could have a bad leg. He's an injury reports. I'm just saying you may find out there was a reason why Dallas did this. That makes a whole long also. Or there could be some shit above our pay grade. Definitely. Also, the gentleman, the gentleman, and y'all could Google this at a home yourself. 'cause I'm lying on you, I'm not doing it. But the gentleman that they talking about, who, who has the majority share?


It's a Lady. Well there's a man, I'll get his name when y'all keep talking, but there's a man who's involved in this group that has the majority share of the Mavericks. And they say that this guy owns like a bunch of shit. Like IE the Dodgers. They say he owns some of the Lakers as well. Mm. That owned some of Dallas. Is that possible? It's not possible. It's illegal. I don't think that's illegal. Let me Look it up. You can't own two NBA franchisees. It's, it's, it's, it's against the N NBA bylaws. Not it's against the NB bylaws to have ownership interest in two teams That I know for a fact. Yeah, that's a good, but So that's, I don up his name, but y'all go, that's A hell of a conspiracy theory.


But I again, at the end of the day, I maybe Somebody just saw footage from the finals last year. Well that's why I said if You, if you saw that footage then yeah, that nigga Luca looked a mess out there. He did. And he don't look two 70 when he was getting off the jet. No, he didn't in LA He didn't he edit the press Covers? He did not look two 70. I think more will be revealed on this. I think so. I think we'll find out more information. Things that may or may not be basketball related. How do y'all think the Lakers look with LeBron and Luca? I ain't gonna lie, but the Knicks lost that game. We lost that game without ad. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I don't think the Lakers are as bad as people paying them out to be. Vanderbilt came back, he looked like a brick house out there.


Fucking Austin Reeves, Dalton CNET fucking hit you. Maro Chimi cheery, whatever his name is. Like they got a bunch of 6, 8, 6 9 guys that, I don't think they're as far away as people say. I, I always thought they were one strong player away from being a real contender. They, they needed a big 'cause ad doesn't wanna play the doesn't wanna play the five. They don't wanna play. You know what I mean? They needed another, they needed another perimeter shooter and they needed some bench depth, but like, and they need another playmaker. But like, but some of those are, are, are, are players. If I'm the, 'cause I'm trying to go get Clint Capella, like dudes like that that Luca could give the oop too that just wanna play defense, get board to play the, like they need pieces to make Luca effective.


You need pieces. The same way with LeBron. You need spot up shooters for the penetrating kick. All of that shit. You gotta Get pieces. Nobody thinks the Lakers are finished. I don't think that we finished either. I don I don. Nobody thinks they're finished. You got two amazing people. I think that the role players would have to get some bump ups. You need a hell of a, you need a hell of a big now, I mean ad I'm telling you ad gave you like Capella score balance. Yeah. Capella. Yes, but they, and I won't get into the weeds of basketball, but, but LeBron's not a good enough shooter at this point. You, you need rollers, but you need guys can, that can facilitate pick and pops and Wayne got cleaver. Yeah, I mean he's a great, you know, I like, I like, you know what I'm saying? Like, but I, the Lakers just aren't as good right now as they were. Sure. And, and, and I don't know. I agree. If everybody wants to play ball, Danny Angels like if I had known this, my trade, 'cause the Utah was the third.


He created The space Utah. And he was like, if I had known this was going to the Lakers, I wouldn't have done it. Now that everybody's looking, I don't, I don't know what happens? Another thing real fast, mark Cuban said he doesn't know what the Fuck that happened. He don't, you know, he wasn't trade Luca. Right? He's like, I would've ne basically I would've never traded Luca. I would've never done this. And that's why I think they kept it on the low. That's crazy, dog. You gotta think about this. Rich Paul represents Bron and Ad Bron didn't know about the trade. They had to, in some way, shape or form contact his representation or no. You get what I'm saying? Like, you gotta contact somebody's agent or they representation after you make the trade.


I'm assuming after you make the trade, after you make the, we got like if a person I don, I'm not familiar with I, me either. I don't know for a fact, but if he doesn't have like a no trade clause, do we have to contact him? You don't, You Find out when it's done. No, because he had, he had a trade kicker. Right. But you, you, you could approve the kicker after the trade. The trade kicker is just like, I gotta pay you. I'm penalizing this team for the trade and he waived the trade kicker afterward. He wa he waved it after. Yeah. But yeah, you don't have to tell anybody anything ahead of time guys. Be find out watching TV guys be watching. Find out from like your friends, like, yo, I just heard you just got traded. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we'll see. I mean, I don't know. There's some other big trades happening in San Antonio, other people. So maybe people willing to play San Antonio. San Antonio is who I would be afraid of. They are they coming? Yeah, they're Definitely coming squad.


That's what I'm afraid of. That that culture and that organization just says to me that and that that chip, they won against the heat. That was some of the best branded basketball I've ever seen in my life. That's my favorite Basketball to watch. Like in my life, the things they was doing with Patti Mills and them niggas across the system. So if, if, if they go and, and if they draft a big, they know how to build around that Dion Fox trade. I told y'all that Castle dude is nice. They not they, they've got Dion Fox without trading none of their pieces. Yeah, They're one quality player award And they have somebody's draft pick this year. I want to say, let me not misspeak. They got somebody's draft pick who don't seem to be headed in the right direction. So let It's top six protected. So Let them fucking No, it's unprotected.


You talking about the Sixers Pick Whatever pick the Spurs have this season from another team. I thought you talking with the six. Okay. No, no, no. It's unprotected. Yes, That's true. I think you talking about the Sixers is the top six. So in the event Atlanta. Oh Atlanta. 'cause homeboy got hurt. No, the the defensive dude that they liked The dude that they got from Murray j Murray Murray. Yeah. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about with Atlanta's injury to that dude that all defensive dude that they got over there. They don't seem to be headed in the right direction this season. If the Spurs fuck around and get a top one, two, or three pick, I think that listen, It is gonna get scary. Scary. They get Cooper Flag. It's a rap and Cooper flag look like a Spur nigga.


Ace Bailey just had 49 the other night or three dribbles. I wouldn't give a fuck about Cooper Flag. Gimme the first or second. That's true. There's a, It is a here draft. It's a good draft. The Spurs got a lot. The Spurs have the unprotected 2025 pick from the Hawks. Hawks. Another unprotected Hawks pick in 2027. An unprotected pick from either Dallas or Minnesota in 2030 and unprotected swaps with the Hawks in 2026 and the Kings in 2031. Jesus. And they got their own picks that they get from themselves and then they got a, then they got a protected pick from somebody else. They can't take one through 14. But you get a 1617 player in the draft if you Popovich and make that shit work. He just an amazing dude at developing talent and in drafting talent or see drafts talent.


You look at Manu Ginobili, you look at Kauai Ka Tony Parker Parker The 29th pickers. Yeah. They draft low and do well and they get the right pick. They get the Boris d and the guys that play how to play position with basketball. That's the fucking ball. Pass the ball. Pass the fucking ball. That's what they, that's what they do. That's what they do. Nobody bigger than the system yo. On some other stuff. I was watching the, I only didn didn't see the fight. I only saw Ose come out. I only saw the clip. I only saw the knockout punch. Oh the clip or the Oh the slip with the hook. Yeah. I mean SL with the cross. She threw that lazy ass left and then boop Tell tell the people what She hit with the dude drop. It wasn't even that lazy.


Tell the people what fight you're talking about Cl Clsa Shields. Clsa Shields. I'm sorry. Claver Shields had a big fight. Oh what was the sister's name? She fought exactly. Clover Shields had a fight. Yeah, right. I guess that's all that matters. I saw but The other shorty was tall, looked like she had some hands. Looked like she had a tough jaw. Yeah, she was talking crazy at the press conference like they always do. And my man pap came out alphabetical slaughter nigga Big pap out. The pap stupid ass niggas on end on the internet. Gonna call Pap the best support boyfriend. Danielle Perkins was her name. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. A support boyfriend, crazy boyfriend. Like a support support dog.


Pat be listening sometimes too. So lemme shout him out. Pap big Pap. Yep. A support boyfriend. Yeah. That's crazy. That is crazy. But she hit shit. Is he the best? Who's the other support boyfriend? The one on trial? No, there's another one too. No, no there's another one too at the Grammys. He whispered that your wired bra is showing. Mm. Who? Jay The greatest rapper of all time. Oh, I didn't See that. Yeah. Yeah, when she Was about to go up on The stage, he reached in for the hug and was like, she was like, you went up there wire. But he shows up no ego. Oh. That's just niggas being niggas. Hey you nipple with hell girl. Shit. Fast ass fix shit. That's, that's what he said. That's probably what he was Hell fix the fuck are you going like that?


She doing the fuck Is wrong with you. I still think ho might be the biggest support boyfriend 'cause he got the most to, to the most to come down from. I think that is disrespectful to call ho support boyfriend. I ain't doing it. And since your first day here you'd be disrespectful ho and be listening to that. I Never disrespectful ho. I love Ho. Just know that ho be listening to That. Y'all think anything that that ain't praise is disrespect. Yes. No we think you be disrespect. I said Hove is the top five C. Oh you disrespected Hove. What? No, he top five beans be watching him a lot. I ain't gonna rehash it. No, no, no. But I'm just saying in general, I I love Hove. You know Ho is my top five. But I'm just saying he shows a lot of love and support to Beyonc and I think it's really dope. Especially since when you got a, when you're the greatest thing in your field and you just gotta sit there and applaud that shit is hard. Did you, did you listen to the, the joint I sent you?


I sent you the, the album that was put together of all records that Hoen Beans are on. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You walk it back at all. We can't rehash this. All right. We don't have to. Can't rehash Though. Cool. There you go. Smart man. Can't even rehash this now. Rehash right now. Yeah. Wanna talk about these Beyonc tour dates since We on hold? Yeah, yeah sure. And what those tickets might be like. Oh they Gonna be stupid. Jesus Coming And Price or She coming to New York four Dates for sure. She's coming to New York. Are you going? You sending Mama Love? 100%. I'm going this time I'm going, I'm going. I'm going, going without my mama. I'm gonna get some cowboy with too. Said then my mama went to the last joint. I'm Gonna get this shit with some tassel on it. My girl, You know what I mean? My girl just said she wanted to go. I said fam. Fam. What? What? No, she said she wanted go another state.


I said I'm with it. Wait, you going too? Yeah. Have no trip. That's what I like about S man. Why She ain go to New York, you play ball nigga. Because it's a different experience when you go do that shit out the spots. Yeah. Especially if you go to like Houston. Houston is the spot. You go to Sweden nigga or Switzerland or like that Shit be different. You could turn it into a whole trip. Forgot who we was talking. I wasn't even saying saying like, Hold you going, you going Mel, you gonna go to Beyonc. Like I said, he going to the Switzerland show. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all could have the estates. Yeah, I'd like to go this time. Nice. I'm sitting Are you gonna buy a ticket? Cowboy Boots and hat? Abs of fucking lly Let's Some chaps. That would be the appropriate place to wear 'em.


Cory. Sure. Nicole. Nicole Murphy going. She got DC on the 4th of July. Nicole Murphy wearing chaps that night. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You heard me? Oh I heard you. Okay nigga. Fire works. I'm sometimes I'm with y'all on the out of town shows the out of town party. Beyonc in New York sounds different. I Beyonc In New York. I Don't care. It sounds different. I be Right there at MetLife. I could be right there at dc. It is. It gonna be at MetLife. I be right there in DC. Them tickets about to be money though. Money stupid. I ain't going outta town to see the show unless it's Houston. That would be the one I would do in the States. Got it. What Im But Houston was crazy for the last one. Renaissance. You went No, no, no I didn't. You got the silver on the I want, I didn't want to go but I'm gonna send my my lady to the next this show with her girlfriend.


Send my girlfriend. I feel like that's let her go with girlfriend. This nigga don't miss a chance to send this lady somewhere. Yo. That's his bag. That's his bag. Yo. He don't miss a chance to be home alone boy. Macauley Koch nigga. That's my man. Cauley kin. Michelle Indigo got a show in in Watts Go out there two weeks. Two weeks guitar Michelle in know her name. I I've her name my whole life. Do Michelle and dig. Shout out to Michelle. She's one Grammy. Don't try to have nothing in common with innovative jazz. I love Michelle A very long time. I was actually gonna play one of her songs as a sleep Like a few weeks ago. She up like she, she won a Grammy. Yeah for Lot of jazz, Jazz. Nora Jones won another Grammy.


I'm like yo dog. Nora Jones will be one of the Grammy every year, Every fucking Year. And nigga don't even know she got a project. I know Michelle Jones was tight though. She did the James Baldwin album music. Really, really good. Mm. I love Michelle. I love all all her stuff Fun. You love everybody. Everybody with a pussy like It is. Okay. Seems like It's a good thing. I think so. Yeah. It Works out. You could tell we never had a restraining order to put on them. Nigga. Love all the girls. You'll meet the bad ones at some point. Or maybe not Playing with house money at this point. Camp. Oh I'm good. I'm about the danger zone. Ah Beyonc. We will. Well I will see you at the New York show for sure.


I will see you there. I'm very excited about this. I missed the last run when they was wearing all the aluminum foil and shit. That was the one I sent. My mom sent my girl. They could sit this one out though. You heard? Yeah. They could sit this one out And It is for the dogs. You Really looking forward to this show? Yes. Is it because you like this album more than Renaissance? No. That's Why I'm surprised. Album, album. I wasn't the big, I wasn't the biggest fan of either of those albums. I just think the Beyonc Live is an experience. But you know when when you go to this one, the Maj, you gonna get a majority of this album. You I I absolutely loved her Netflix performance. Okay Then you can, I absolutely loved her Netflix performance. I Don't care about the album. I like the album. So We good. I like the album. I like That. Yo, everybody had something to say about the Beyonc album.


I think we gotta shut the fuck up now I think. Do we? Yes. Album of a year. This one Album of a year. This was her Sin of a Woman though. And Country Country album. Yeah, if I, you know what I'm saying? Yeah Because there was a, because she was robbed like the Beyonc album, the Self-titled One Lemonade. Those are the ones that should have won. Correct. Best Album Lemonade Should. So that's what I'm saying. This is Set Woman too. A lot. Majority of people are in agreeance that this was like a we owe You award. Yes, very much so. No we don't have to shut the fuck up. 'cause again, this album wasn't the best album but we are glad that Beyonc won so we just gonna look the other way and not really speak what we really think. I think that the Impact now we gotta shut the fuck up about that album. Yeah, I the album. Y'all gotta shut the, It is a couple songs On here if it went album of the year.


Even if it's IO You. No you don't. Shit. I disagree. Eh, I disagree. That ain't gonna change nothing. The only people that should have something to say about that Beyonc album is Maize, not Frankie Beverly. Oh That's what I'm saying. Maize though. Frankie Beverly's happy check's coming in May don't, they can't wait to catch up tomorrow May don't like that shit. They did all that HBCU shit. May's home tight buddy. What the fuck you talking about? Yo, you different bro. Lie May's gonna catch up. Ho Ho's gotta squash in man. Nigga Think the Julia gonna be beating the shots.


Niggas in linen suits. What? How we know Julia could scrap? You know we didn't tested that nigga before. Listen, lemme tell you. Tell you know, look, I was about to say we don't know. We assume he could scrap. I'm gonna bet $99 and 50 cents outta a hundred dollars if that nigga gets busy. That nigga done learn some wing ch and some more shit at this last 20 Years. I'm with you. I agree. And a nigga the size of a mountain. Yeah nigga know everything. I'm gonna bet it I'm with you just because we ain't heard shit. Yeah. Ain't nobody tried the niggas. Yeah nigga might have been all right with it. We got it off so smooth. We ain't even here about it. Yeah, I'm Cool. What is this up here about A fantastic four trailer that I haven't seen? Yeah, man. Marvel dropped the Fantastic Four trailer comes out.


I believe it's July. Talk to him for each The trailer or the movie? The the the trailer dropped for the movie. You know the characters? Yeah. You okay? You said drops in July? You talking the movie? No, The movie drops. Got it. The trailer dropped already? Yeah, dropped this morning. Fire. It's fire. Whose thing I was? Huh? Whose thing? Re Richardson. I gotta look up the cast character. I gotta look up the cast. I don let no star but who the fuck is, y'all know I've been off Marvel for a minute. This looks good. I was like, oh shit, we might be back like this got me. It's a couple movies that if they do 'em right, they could bring back. They had Galactus in here. I'm like okay. Oh. Ooh that's different. That's it. That's different.


That's different. Let's, let's get this Right. I'm in there like swimwear. That's different. And, and I I am going to See that when it drops. Now that you told me about it. Can't wait to see the trailer. When I went to go see this corny flight risk movie the other night, they did show the, the trailer for, they showed the coming traction for whatever the black, black Captain America, Anthony Mac. Yeah. I've seen that. He's Captain America. Brave the world. I like my Captain America White Eb Mos Backrack is playing thing some, excuse me. Gimme a phone. Gimme a phone. And the movie July 25th is the date. My bad nigga said gimme A phone. Gimme your fucking phone.


Oh man. And I'm with that though. You know they said that Marvel was back in negotiation with your man Jonathan Majors. Ooh, We slow down 'cause I do wanna talk about that. Slow, slow down for a second. I told you Aint Captain America one of those things where we not wrong the preferred White You Right. I I don't know why they did that. I said the same shit about oh oh seven. That niggas got mad. Yeah, some shit that a, we just used to be white. That's a little bit different. Oh oh seven could use a little black but not, not Captain America. They made Captain America black and the Hulk Red in the common attraction. And it look good. It look good and it look good. And it hasn't been a bad Captain America movie. Not one of 'em. You think we are, we are spoiled with just the other cap.


We just spoiled. That's all It is. He did a good job. Same thing. He did great. Nobody wanna see another Iron Man nigga. Every Captain America movie is about tariffs. You wanna see No, I mean another person. Nobody wanna see another person play Iron Man nigga. We need Robert Downey Jr. Nigga. For sure. Same thing with Wolverine for sure. On onto your Jonathan Major's point about him being back in talks with Marvel. Marvel I I we stepped on, or maybe I stepped on myself last part, but I was saying I'm back on the Jonathan Major's bandwagon because of that trailer that they showed for the what movie is that? Where he's doing The bodybuilding shit, right? Yeah, the Bodybuilding building and shit. There you go. The bodybuilding shit. Now I've had a lot of jokes about Jonathan Major and Megan Good and they relationship and all types of shit.


Just 'cause it's been fun for the last few years. Watching that trailer though. It's real easy that that talent talent like that that he's showcasing in that trailer jumps off the screen. It's real easy to See that even if you don't have no, even if you don't have any history with spotting that type of talent. Like no, we was making all jokes about I'm making good why she did. She's standing by and blah blah dog. She probably seen the trailer, knew that you can't keep that type of acting down and held him down. Did y'all See that trailer? I did not. He's a good actor. We said that. I think that's an understatement. He's amazing. That's, that's, that's, I ain't need to see the trailer for me to know that.


I watch Lovecraft Country. I I, I've seen him act. It's like okay this nigga's ill That trailer Michael, Michael B. Jordan go make it Right yo make it right. That nigga said I'm out them niggas use that boy, use that boy. And God had a dodge on him. Go ahead and make that right. Michael B. Jordan. He Got another movie coming out. Who? Michael B. Jordan? Yeah. Well his movie Korea was never in question. Okay. Is that one of homeboy's movies? Ryan Coogler? I think so, yes. Yeah. Who plays the thing Jeffrey os Wall Copper Pot. So I mean, I mean what's what's the, what what is the, the update on the conversation between Jonathan Majors and Marvel? Nothing.


They just back in negotiating and he saying that It is promising that they going to cast him in Kane. Marvel's seen that. Marvel's seen that body build in trailer and that's the trailer. That movie is from 2021 or whatever. Then it got canceled. So they pulled the movie and that movie is making its way to movie theaters in a couple months. Watch talking about some Marvel call. Nigga if y'all don't call, watch what this movie do after y'all blacklisted me and blackballed me until everybody my career was over. Watch what that movie does. Did you, I think somebody up here said that he he has a, he's going to come back. I don know which one else Nick, Dick, rod.


Somebody said up here like it was now I'm dick riding. No you wasn't Dick Ray. Somebody said he's gonna come back fam the money don't stop. Everybody said no. But it was looking a little shaky when he was doing that running around. We was laughing. Nigga was running down the block. Joe said they had to not when he was doing the slave dance. Joe said I never, Joe said I never slave dance was a lie. Wait, not that Joe. We talking about when he was running from the white lady. He said I never sold cameras like that. He said the camera watch that nigga run from down the block. He said even saw cameras like that. How the fuck they got that? So we thought it was over That bodybuilding movie. My guy, I I think, yeah I Think shout to him man. I'm happy to hear you know that day back in negotiation. 'cause it was, you know he started tap dancing the shit. He looked crazy. Mark Nigga was who?


Yeah. I thought he was done. Ain't Gonna lie, Megan ain't leaving that nigga side that trailer too. Good. You You, you charge him Extra now, right? Yeah. Yeah. You charge him who extra? The studio. The studio? Yeah. What studio? Corey thinks that he, they're gonna get him on the cheap because he is desperate. They probably are for the first one. They are. They are. But on the re-up, that's when you, that's when you gotta get it all back and he better make some money with Kang and then he, he crack they head on the next one. But Marvel fuck around. Get that nigga in the three, in the three movie deal. Oh yeah. Mm. We gonna have five options on this contract. Jonathan Majors. Congratulations. Yeah, congratulations. We will be watching. I'll definitely be watching that bodybuilding movie and we'll see what happens with the fantastic four.


I can't wait to See that as well. Yo, did y'all hear this story about this, this lady that met a dude over the internet fell, went to Pakistan lady? Yes. Yo, she went to Pakistan and she won't leave to have the press conference. That's not that lady. Yo. Wait, can please Say the story? I don know the story. Alright, so look, she met a dude, she's, she's 30 something. She met a 19-year-old dude in Pakistan. Wow. So fell in love over the internet. She flew over there, supposed to be marrying, she gets over there and the family and all of that is like, nah, hell no. Get the fuck outta here. This ain't gonna happen. But she wouldn't leave the hell the press conference. So she done did a sit-in outside they door. She done done held a press conference.


Now she over there saying I want to clean up Pakistan ghetto. I wanna clean the streets. I didn't know, I didn't know that was the backstory show that lady, she's wild. That lady from New York, Rashida. They saying she from Brooklyn? Yeah, from, she's definitely from Brooklyn. She went up there. They had a press conference with the I mike. I didn't even see the story, had the mics on the table. I was like, what's going on here? She like, yo, I'm telling y'all like she said, where my man at? She looking around, where my man at? Yo. She's telling them she's the wife of dude. Like that's how she introducing herself. Fuck that. What's her, what's her grip? She said like, you owe me a marriage. Now she met him online and she went to Pakistan to look for him.


But why she won't leave. That's my man. I mean this probably was So say you come on Joe. That probably some bullshit. So like two people got being on that. That's my man. He might been, He wasn't been on it too years. She might have got over there on some bullshit and her family, his family was like, yo, I don't know what you talking about. And you too old. Fuck outta here my son. 19. No, he not married. 30 19 is crazy. Anyway. Oh wait, he's 19. He's 19. She's like 33 or so. That's crazy. Anyway, See y'all can't do that. Lemme see. Oh my fucking son. My, my my son. I don, my daughter got married on three days ago. Right. I just went over to the crib. Wait, what? Hold on. He just reminded me of this shit. Wait, wait, wait, wait. That's an it story right there. Yeah, it really was.


Shit. What? Congratulations. Congratulations. Oh, I mean sure, fine. It's, It is my oldest daughter bitch. I mean she already lived with the dude, whatever. But I went over there just to pick up some, some chicken and Wait, you didn't go to the wedding? There was no wedding. Oh, that's my point. They went to the, they went to the people. I guess I went to the crib. She wearing the ring. I said, oh you were, you know, 'cause you know niggas have back and forth with engagements and more than years they've been together for a while. While I said, oh yo, you wearing the ring? She said, Oh yeah, I got married two days ago. And he's like, Hey dad. Oh, oh, oh. Rakim hit you with the Hey dad. He hit me with the, Hey dad, how did you feel? I'm not, that's why I wanted to ask y'all. I I asked you first I how should, I don't know how I'm supposed to, I feel away, but I don't feel a way.


You don't feel were they how? Because you want how You, that's why, that's how I know that all of your I support women fucking thoughts. You got 'em would be a sham because whenever it gets to your daughter, your views get back to nigga. You got 'em. Yeah. Position. Just So you know, yesterday It is a nigga position because It is her choice. She could do what you want. She can. I just want her to tell me position Then maybe get an Invite. She gotta Tell you father's she Don't No. The father of the bride. It's, it's crazy that he would want to be invited to his Daughter's wedding. There was no wedding. There was no wedding. I don but that's tell me everybody ain't gotta invite me. Tell me. That's what we're saying. Mark was too broke to pay for the wedding. So Tell me not while being up here. He, we going on the justice of the peace. Tell me if you got a good relationship with your daughter.


I think it's only right that you be like, Hey, just letting you know. Yeah. Blah blah blah. Popped the question Theoretically Yes. I just don't feel like you have to. Yeah. And maybe she feel like, mark, are you judgemental a lot? Yo dog, you, you fuck with Dude? Have you met him? You fuck with him? Yeah. No. Call me dad. I'm saying so How long how You been here? He called me dad until yesterday. Huh? How long you been together? Seven years. Huh? And then they've Been engaged. Come on, mark, stop. It's over. Yeah, that's, it's over. And they've been engaged. That's the part why I don't care. They got engaged early, then they broke up and they got back together. A whole bunch of stuff. Right. Very judgmental. Go dad. I'm just saying like, she told me like, 'cause I saw her, I don't even know if I, they had been married 10 days. It had been 10 days. 10 days is a lot of days. I got you 10 days. And I like, I I like him.


Got you. You know what I mean? I just, I don't know. I'm not, I'm not, I'm feeling little with you could like somebody but not like them. For your daughter, how often do you speak to your daughter? Every day. He supposed to been informed. He's definitely supposed to have been informed if he speaks his daughter on a daily basis. How old is Your daughter? 24. None of you're a judgemental person though. I disagree with that. You putting that on him. I'm not putting it on. I could just know all I'm just saying it has to be a reason your daughter and tell you Love it. Yeah. I'm And He could fell away. I think I know the reason. He could feel Whatever the fuck he wanna feel. He can't feel away. Mark's right to fill away. But you also have to look at it from her perspective. A lot of times kids do things and they don't want to hear criticism from their parents. I think that's what It is. Like I know you gonna tell me. Yeah. I don't want to hear it. The thing I don't want to hear And love is spontaneous sometimes Seven years.


Seven years. But filling out that justice. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's your partner. Two kids seven years, that's your partner and they got kids you said. Yeah. You Said two. Two. Great. So our life is what It is. But while she cooking one day, Oh yeah, Let's get, let's just go get married right now. Let's go. That I think is mad common in relationships because You could imagine what he told him when she was 17, 18 when Mar told her, yo, you gotta for focus on school, you got your life ahead of you so you gotta make an appointment. Yeah. That's what it, you gotta make an appointment. Gotta make an appointment. Spontaneous though. This guy going down to the justice of the peace. I don't think because I know somebody that did. You can't just do that. You gotta make an appointment my nigga. And if you speak to your dad every single day, then something as big as that. Don't just slip through the cracks. I don't have to wait, wait, Slow down.


And what I'm saying, it didn't slip through The cracks. It wasn't slip. Cool. I ain't was a plan. Yeah. So to his original question, should he, could he feel some type of way you fucking ain't right. If I got good relationship with my daughter, of course you, you can't. Absolutely. I think you should. Would you feel some type of way? Yes. Okay. I would absolutely feel you Just gonna ask them. I ask people, daughters. Yeah. 'cause I don't make girls. I would wanted to say that I was waiting for that. Don't even bring it this way. I would feel some type of way, but I I also under Would you? Yeah. Sorry. Dr. King, what would you say? He do like that nigga Colorado. But I, I would also understand my daughter's reasoning.


Not saying you don't understand but I'm, I'm very judgemental and critical as well. So IIII know if she did that, she's just doing it 'cause she didn't wanna hear my mouth and she knew that I would judge her on it. Yeah. And she's your daughter's 24, you said seven years. That means she was together with what, 17. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So I'm pretty sure that you talked about No, I was thinking something good. I'm pretty sure that you talked to her, discussed with her about college having more time. Don't you know you gave her those talks that you and niggas don't want to hear that shit more. How old does the dude? 28 Yo y niggas sound crazy to me. Yo dog, he's already accepted the man. They been together seven years. They got two kids, they live together.


I don't give a fuck what my father thinks at this point. I speak to my father every day. That don't mean that accepted man Ish. Whatcha you talking about? I have, but he, I, I have mean, I was going over to pick up the chicken. He got, he barbecued, he called him dad my nigga for the first time after marriage. He just got to be pappy. That don't mean before we have a decent relationship. You gotta have a, a good enough relationship. You ain't calling something no strange nigga. Dad, I don't give a fuck what happens to, I married your daughter so I will call you dad to be not cool. Let one of 'em niggas come home and marry princess and you ain't cool with him. And he be like, Hey dad, hey dad, I you gonna marry Mary s that nigga. Right on. That's wrong. Grace say they all say grace first.


Grace, here's the thing that you're missing. You're not, you're thinking, and I I agree with you. He has the right to fill away, but you're not also, you're not thinking, you're not widening your mind to think from her perspective, from her point of view. You, her point of view, you think from a dad perspective, from her point of view is that my, my dad is very critical on how I moved in life. I could just tell, you could just tell the type of guy Mark is I'm not like that. I'm, you keep, you are putting that on him. I think it's the opposite. Mark. Come on, wait a minute. One minute. I, I I coddle and I cape and now no Joe Jackson. No I don't think it's Joe. Which one is and that's what happens. That's why the women be on your side because you make something, you make disagreeing so extreme. Not Joe Jackson. I know, I know. Y'all joking around and shit and I don't wanna step on it from the people I know.


Most times when two people in love that have been together for a long time don't have a wedding and do have something to do with the parents. Thank you. I'm not calling you Joe Jackson bro. That's too extreme. But I'm, I am. I do know that you are a guy that, that puts education first. Like look where you come from. Who, why wouldn't you try to pass that down to your children? I watch you with your, your youngest child dedicate, not dedicate, but I watch how you are teach 'em Spanish and stuff. I just watch. I could just tell the type of man you are. I was around you. Not a lot but I, I watch how you are. So I'm pretty sure when it come to your daughters you tell 'em about Ed education's deployed. Yeah. You don't have to go out there and get pregnant early. You don't have to. You gave them those talks, mark. And, and be clear. You're speaking from a position of privilege. 'cause even in your complaint, your complaint is, damn, I wish you would've told me that she got married versus who the fuck is this nigga that you married and is he taking the best care of my daughter.


Like you speaking through a marked lens. Yeah. If if It was the second thing I'd be a lot, I, I would feel, I would really feel a way and I wouldn't be confused about it if I Was like okay so then you could tell yourself that there's really nothing to worry about. Probably. That's what I'm saying. But But you know that thing. Yeah but you still want to know. And that's what I, I feel way Hey Y'all talking over each other. Hold up. Mute up. I let y'all talk about those boys for a minute. Did damn, I forgot my point. This is what I'm saying. Y'all girl dads and you too nigga. I know you tough but you're a girl dad. Oh you a girl dad too. Oh Yeah. He was skipping through them all when I seen him with his daughter. Bitch Girl dad, I know that this is disturbing for y'all. There will come a day where another nigga's daddy, You don't have to, you have to say Daddy goddamn there an There's gonna come a day where you have to pass the reins.


And I'm saying girl dads 'cause it's funny but on the flip side, like it's the same thing. I agree. Like the moms be holding on to the sons and then the wife come and say hey nah it's my gig now. I agree With you. Hmm. So if another nigga is dead or holding it down or taking care of or being all of those things, why you can't be just good with your place in the escalator. So what's saying that you're not good with your place. That's escalator for being in the communicational chain. And not only, and not only that. He ain't saying He disapprove. He didn't keep it a se, she didn't keep it a secret. Well She kept it. She well she did kind of sort of. They've been married for 10 days. It is only because I said oh what's that on your hand? But it don't matter. I could keep a secret with my parents coming to my house And also what's the purpose as a man that for chicken saw the ring and she told him she didn't happen to be talking to him on the phone.


He said that's why as how often do y'all speak? Right. He said they speak daily. So if you got married on Wednesday and I spoke to you Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. And you don't mention a monumental event in your life, then there's a reason you are keeping it a secret then there's a reason Then there's a reason for it. Cool. It could be a reason. It's still a secret. The both things can be True. I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna say that. 'cause if I have no problem telling you and I just haven't told you yet, that's you calling it a secret And how you ring. He didn't see the rings. She don't tell tell me that's Not yo. No I talk to my parents every day. My dad was real mad over the weekend when he found out I had high blood pressure. Screamed at my mom. Yo. Why I don't know that our son has high blood pressure. We talk every day.


So what is some things that you not gonna know? I don't think That But you Sto saying you Speak to somebody every day and them not tell you something. Yeah. Great. That is true. There are things that they may not Tell you. Something that monumental. Yo, it's a new daddy in town. Yo. I'm done. I'm done. Yo, listen to this. It's a new daddy in town. Can't say that. Yo. Look yo, all y'all daughters hopefully one day watch it. If the cycle of love goes right, watch it. There will be a new daddy in town. You can't say that. And all y'all gonna do is come over pick up some chicken that Duke made and piece it up. Dab him yo. What season you use on this? Yeah. Text away nigga. Shit was girl Dad, I'm gonna give you some old babe nigga. What I'm telling you is if your father's mad over high blood pressure, imagine how his father should feel over his wife getting mad.


I mean his daughter getting married if got married and that 10 days later he'd hot. I wanna fight with it. Oh Go ahead fight. How should he feel and what you gonna do about it? Nothing. You could feel a way though. You ain't gotta do nothing. We, we, we let a lot of shit go. And you can tell your daughter That you thought the way about that you didn't feel you can ask or can ask. I didn't really, You could ask why question as to why you didn't tell me. We talked and maybe you discover what the issue Is. Did you ask that one? Not yet. No. He bitched the Fuck that. He bitched up the fuck outta fuck outta he first To get the man. Part of me was like maybe I shouldn't feel like I, I started it with maybe I shouldn't feel it way. Maybe I maybe I'm just feeling this way outta some principle and I'm actually wrong. Selfish shit.


Yeah. That's why I said let me, let me think about that. See that's what's fly about having boys. 'cause if one of my sons get married without telling me chess caved it. I was about to say don't act like you ain't gonna feel that type of way I am. And his chef's gonna feel type of way. Why you just said he got tell you shit. He don't. And I don't have to tell him this punches coming to the full speed ahead to that chain. Well you did what over the weekend before you could even go. Yeah. With the bang. So that's My, I'm talking shit. I'm joking. I'm I'm joking. But you'll feel some type of way. Stop sitting up here playing tough dog. If your son got married and you didn't know nothing about it, your feelings would be crushed Ish. I said he should feel some type of way. I just also feel that her body, her boyfriend, her relationship, her choice Or his Choice, I feel like all that fly shit.


He talk up here with every other girl. That don't matter at all. Yes. Should apply to his daughter. It Does. It's It is her choice. I'm not saying she, she was wrong for doing it. And tuck your Feelings in your, in your hands, in your, in your in your waistline Tuck. Tuck them feelings in the box of breathe fucking drawer strap. You know the deal tuck 'em away. Fair enough. So niggas wearing Hank son-in-law. You have two daughters Right. Nigga. My father going some Tommy Hilfiger. I don't know what I got on. That's the Supreme shit's on have a play with me boy. Burberry have a play with me. Boy. Ralph Long. No you go now. Who? You go now What you got on some, what is that Burlington? Colfax shit Ralph. He got on some Burlington. Wait You really asking what kind of draws he got on you really about To show Yo play yourself nigga.


Cottons play yourself. Cottons Play yourself. Yourself. These the ones one in the box And they not $70. Now you talking to me. What you got? They're wearing The same underwear, just different fucking colors. Wear Gonna wear them two. I'm gonna wear them back. But he wearing One. He wearing the ones that's at Target. Target. I don got these in the Target. I know he always competing. He wearing The ones that come In the 10 pack. Yeah. Man, yo, these Don't come in the 10 pack. These don't need Parks keep My bad. I apologize. Yo you need to. I apologize then.


Yo look it's him. My niggas not all three. Y'all get to the gay party to say It is y'all, y'all. This nigga said what kind of draws you got on under them sweats. I didn't say nothing. But you didn't have to show him? No, he tried to play me like I got on some show, some fruit of balloons. He did Have to show me because if I had on drawers that was way iller than is he wouldn't be my friend of mine. So he did have to show me because he got, because he gotta let me know nigga watch who you talking to? So that's the thing that y'all calling romance. What? I get it. What What's the old Ralph Lawrence shit he got What's the other shit Chap? Chaps. Chaps who got on? Chaps don't even make draw. I thought s made them shit for you Even better. Fuck about I'm talking shit.


I'm talking shit. I don't have nothing else. We On. Yo. You still determined to find out what kind of drugs? Oh no, I'm just looking. I thought it was an S dot card. That's nigga you taking the Jay-Z shit to fall nigga. But lemme see they events. Okay, tell me about the Rumble. They got the prime marks on the Ro Rumble. Yeah, Jay USO won the Roy Rumble. See that? That's all I saw. Oh, congratulations. Jayo. Oh you speed in them? Yeah, I saw speed. Yeah, I saw speed. Got speed in the rumble and people keep tagging me about speed and Kai. I saw them. I there. No, I was at my own rumble. Yours Rumble. No, the Roy Rumble was good man.


I thought they was gonna give it to John Cena. I was kind of surprised that Jay uso won. Congratulations to him. They were stumping him for years and stuff. It was, it was a pretty good show. The, the clips that I caught, I couldn't watch the whole thing 'cause I was in the middle of doing a stream. Mm. But yeah. Gotcha. How was your dream? Yeah. Thing again what? Yo, was your event overall success? Yes. Outside of the drama. It was a smash. It was a success. Yeah. It hit Hard. It Oh no, it was successful. I mean, you know, we have some tweaking to do, but I'm just happy that with the support of everyone, you know how Watch how many people tuned in Like before the nonsense y y'all numbers was looking good.


After the nonsense. Did they get better? Yo, You you doing the below? I'll keep it real. You doing the below. Why you do do that? Man, you know, I'm not afraid to have any conversation. Don't do that Joe. Do though. I'm down. I'm down with you. If you, if you ready to have a decent conversation and not be insulted. Yeah, I'm down. He said I'm not allowed. I'm, I'm, I'm not mature now tell me he no now, but now I'm asking you. I have nothing to say on this topic. Congratulations on a very successful event. I've spoken to Amani about what I think personally and professionally. I don't think that's for the airwaves, but I'm really happy.


I'm really happy that you had a successful event and congratulations. Don't Do that. No, don't do that. I appreciate that. But don't do that because that's not how you feel. Don. Fuck. He's being diplomatic. No, fuck the diplomatic. He's Giving you grace. He's Not giving you grace. Fuck my man. Don't gimme grace. I don't want grace. See shit. And that shit feel fell away. Oh, grace definitely fell away. I sold. Yeah, we sold Grace. Here's the thing. So shout out to Imani, shout to everybody that participated in the room. 24 hours I watched, by the way. Appreciate it. Thank you. I watched a little bit too. Thank you very much. I watched a couple of them. Me and Joe were watching you set up when we were doing some Studio. Yeah. The support, the support was there. I mean, you know. Oh Yeah. We watched them set up and then the next day when I couldn't figure out how to buy it, my, my girl bought it on the late night and we just shared the screen.


Ooh, what a watch when you share the screen with your girl and can Check it out on the phone. Yes. Did you turn sideways? At least. So are you Well you know, they gonna help you out. Let, let, let, let's finish. Go ahead. Go ahead. I finish, finish. No, because I think, I think that we, I think that, you know, being diplomatic is great and I, and I, you know, I I just wanna share because I do believe in this. If I could do it to you, I could do it to myself. Caught a temper tantrum over there, you know, and I had to go in the bathroom and Corey's bathroom and just compose myself and think. And I kind of agree with what you're saying. Just feel like the timing of it. I didn't say anything sometimes be all say what was said.


I don't, I don't know. Yeah. I didn't say anything and I, I wasn't in here. They don't know. I just came in there with some yelling. You just saying you Don't, I'm not saying anything. I love Do you not, do you not want me to talk about it? Because you could just tell me flip. I don't want you to talk about it. I don't want to talk about that part of it. If you wanna talk about how much of a success your event was, I'm totally fine with It. Oh yeah. All don't do that. Your stop. Seriously. Okay. Alright. So were the views as good as you wanted 'em to be? Yeah, it could be. It could be better. But Yeah, that nigga double whammed them. It was good. It was great. It was great. Solid. Solid. Yeah, it was a, it was a great event, man, for that. I did charge for that twice. I tried to upgrade to get it. But the, the, the app, it wasn't letting me do it through the Patreon app. And I tried to log on through the browser. It was given, I charged, I charged twice. Yeah.


What do you mean? I mean, it was a fee to become a flip Patreon member and then it was seemed like a pay-per-view fee that I paid. No, that's not true. Stop. Just one fee. Stop Joe. Stop. That's not true, Joe, stop. You did it. No, I didn't do that. You did it. It was worth it. Thank you. I think I think so too. Lemme hit the round applause again. Yeah, yeah. I talk about this later y'all, because he ain't gonna do it. And I wanna talk about it on Patreon when my man coming, he ain't going do it. You know what I mean? He as, as, as as Your man is not coming Paul. When Okay. As an older, as Older a man might not see this building. Pardon me? Watch yourself as my man. Milky Cab Robinson can know As my man.


You know, he pulled me to the side and told me how he felt about the event and I acted a little, you know, we had a little back and forth about it. But he was, what he's saying wasn't wrong. It is just, I didn't like to hear it at that moment. 'cause I'll be on some ignorance. Shit. I don't even want to hear it. I understand what he was saying, but it's just how you say it to me. So now his angle is to just highlight how great it was and shit like that. And that's what he going do. So, because I would love to get in the conversation. I mean there's another way to think about that, right. Which is you being criticized off air, but in public there's a united front of respect and love. So you get Supported. Exactly. True. I got it. There's another way to think about it. I appreciate it. And like what I was saying to you off air was like a serious matter. And I had that talk already.


I I had it, I said what I needed to say to the person, I needed to say it too. And I love him like it's not an on air. I know you do. It's Not like an on air. Yeah. I love Him too, so. Well It is right. Look at me like that nigga pride. I didn't say a thing. Would you be looking at me? Oh God, you were speaking. I'm uncomfortable. Shout to too. Yeah, shout. Just shout out to y'all man. It is, It is, It is. Each one teach one. That's true. You know, one for all. One all for one man. We all learn. We learn the real time in this content space. We learn how to navigate and especially in business. And I, and I give credit all the time, you know, I learn how to, to do better business while being up here. I learn from y'all niggas. So I, I, you know, and sometimes here's the truth.


When you learn from somebody and they criticizing you and you feel like you do the best that you do, you're going to react. It's not like a parent, but that's just, you're going to react. If you don't know how to panic, manage your emotions, take tame your emotions and take constructive criticism. And if you, if you've been reacting this way your whole life, you're just doing the same thing. And that's why sometimes I'm thankful to be around my niggas. So you can go, yo, just take some time to think and then realize that. Okay. I get what I'm saying. You ever do therapy? No, I don't believe in it. If you wanna try to have a little bit of this talk on Patreon, I'm down. Let's do it. Respectfully. Yeah, let's do it. And mature like adults. Yes I do. I feel like it's Not that shit we did over there. Nah, you have my word. No.


And she exposed it by the Way that treatment, My sister exposed it. Special treatment? No, she Exposed it. She said that shit you did over there. Like she just be throwing me under the, what's up man? I'm going to get fired soon. You Got it. Mel wants you to get fired. She do. Mel do want you to get fired. He's not there and he don't need your help, Mel, if I get fired, Man, I told you that. No, no. Can I ask A question about firing? I like you and then I'm moving on then I'm moving on. If any of y'all got fired, and I know it's probably inappropriate to talk about that here, but hypothetically, if anybody got fired, would y'all wanna talk, talk to me first. What do you mean? Ian is doing the firing.


Letting let's go. Yeah, like an email of fax or some shit. Shit, shit. Would y'all want to talk to me Ian? Oh, is this like trade conversation? Ian won't do that. Know what that means? Ian Cole Meaning like, apparently these players had no idea that they were being trade traded. Their agents didn't know blah, blah blah. So are Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'd be mad as shit if I got just a a a note for from Ian. Like, hey, we're going our separate ways and we're moving in a Different direction. But what is there that I would be saying? Same shit we wanna know About. I didn didn't, didn didn't come here for Ian and Didn didn't come here. I threw Ian. So hey go ball. If you'd the guy that brings me in and you the guy I, and talked to about this and you're the reason I'm here, then yeah I would expect you to call me and be like, yo, this ain't working out. Me Too.


Otherwise I would feel like you were avoiding confrontation and you were hiding behind him. Same. But what if he was that's that's what he's, that's why Then that would be the reality now. That's why I would feel a way and I would think that would be dead wrong. I agree with you. I agree with that. Yo, listen, he, he, He's to be mad. Alright, just checking. It is awkward. Wait, Did you answer? No, I agreed with him. Of course you, that that was but that was So did you That was what I was saying Because listen, I that's a crock of shit. We're talking Paton when he's suspended me. Nobody knew who they said. Like, he don't share, they don't share anything. It ain't, but why should we have known that?


I told you about that. Gimme a look. Did you, you knew he was, I even get in this conversation, I just looked at my man face. I should call first if that ever happens. Not text a call. You're saying not a text. Yeah, a call. Yo dog. How you doing with your everything good? All right, check this out. Yep. Now I don't want that. I want straight to the point. Yo. I thought of a flyaway to do it too. I'm, I'm listening. Like I would still pay for the next month. Oh man, that's normal. Oh It is actually low. It is one month, right? I'm gonna pay for the next month. Listen, this song I'm about to play for you guys.


You've been sleeping on this one buddy. Alright, don't get tense. It was a hypothetical but I thought about it with all the Lucas shit and some other events. Fuck. Geez man. Because me and Imani probably gonna be out in the streets. We probably gonna go out. You can't do that. I think girls love karaoke. Alright. I'll find a song. I'll find a song. Thank you. What if you know you did something fireable. My final question, Especially up here. I would be like, you still owe me a call.


'cause a lot of fireman stuff happens. They, they go trigger word Fire Shit happens every 10 minutes. They Go trigger word. Which one? Say Oh them. Oh man. All right, let me hit find of Roberta Flack slap. Hey everybody talking about this Pakistan lady. Yo, she wouldn't leave. She everybody talking about, they said she's the best story on the internet dog. That shit is Hilarious. It is the weirdest Shit. Amnesia. Robinson, the queen of Pakistan, she refused to leave until the government pay her to leave. Is she even Pakistani? No, she from Brooklyn. Okay. She could have been Pakistani in Brooklyn. I mean, you know, She really just like Lot of she's Black, black girl.


I'm learning still watch, go go. Or you put this shit up, put Pakistani in the search on, on Twitter. That's it. Damn. I wanted to talk to y'all about China's response to our tariffs. Everybody's response. Yeah. Everybody Mexico. I'm not, I'm not so familiar with everybody else's Response. Everybody talking crazy. I just heard what China had to say on the news this morning. This sound a little spooky. What'd they Say? You don't wanna do this? We putting 10% on plastic, 15% on oil, electronics, cars, sneakers. It's not gonna work. Yeah. All types of shit. What, What? What your man did is jumped out the window. Yeah. No, but he, he promised the American people that on day one their prices would drop and they would get, they're gonna go more bang for their buck.


The shit that he's doing is totally to the contrary for most American people that are broke and that are struggling out here. Now I disrespect nobody and say broke that are struggling out here and a lot of people are living paycheck to paycheck. So now when you start putting, even if it's a small 10%, 15% on certain key items that are necessities, that shit is detrimental to some nigga's households. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Absolutely. So the rich billionaire motherfuckers that he Chilling with, they not gonna feel it at all. Like when we go to the gas station, my nigga, I don't even know how much gas costs, to be totally honest. I'm not trying to be a dick, but I don't know how much gas costs. I don't know how much milk costs. We just put the shit in the car and buy it. Everybody else out here don't feel like that. True. I don't do that shit. What?


I keep an eye on this. I don't know where Lot around looking for the gas station that is under three, My nigga, I need gas, my car and I'm gonna go, I'm buying gas. But you get what I'm saying? So the shit that he's doing is gonna increase, especially temporarily the price of damn near everything we consume. Yeah. You don't have American taxpayers best interest at heart when you do shit like that abruptly. And I'm not disagreeing with his overall sentiment that I think some of these things should be done. I think that we should become less dependent upon other countries and other nations. Agreed. But that has to be done over a long period of time. You can't just stop that shit right now and say, yo Eva, lay, get down or lay down. I just think it's bad for the American people.


Agreed. And also basically picking a fight with allies, with everybody. Yeah. I know with not with everybody, but why are you picking a fight with a friend with your friends, you know, quote unquote friends Canada and Mexico. This shit is, he Look at 'em like users. He don't look at 'em like friends. Yeah. He been, he say America been too friendly and we need to change it. That's what he saying. And I mean, my thinking is either which way the tariffs go, it'll be the American people. They have to pay for it. They Sure It is. I I'm telling y'all, I we had this on the pod before dog when, when he was in office before it was covid, it was a bunch of other shit going on. But he tried some of that tariffs shit before, bro. Everything in Home Depot was damn near double. Like the prices on certain goods are electrical wire right.


Now couple this with the construction industry, no disrespect. A bunch of construction people that work in construction field are immigrants and a lot of them are illegal. So I saw a report the other day where a nigga said he got 43 workers, nine motherfuckers showed up nine out of 43, my nigga, that's less than 25% of your workforce. That's true. So now that job stops. Right. And that's, we gonna See that nationwide then number two, now you add double or at least one and a half times on certain key items in the construction field building is a part of our GDP. Right. All of that shit now ceases you fucked the country up doing some stupid shit. I was about to say, even if you, I know last fall we called Americans lazy. I don't know if I'm rolling with that. But in, even if you find people to come to work over here, certainly is not gonna be anywhere near the same rate that they go to work for over there.


Yeah. Or the efficiency bro. Some of these niggas been working in construction since they came from over there. So now we come over here, we gonna, we're gonna train all of our high schoolers to become efficient in the trades. That's cool. And that's dope. But it takes years to get up to Speed order counter. That is, maybe that's where AI comes in. If you start building our factories and shit over here and now we, that's the way that we implement AI in the future. It still, it still results in job loss. And it takes time and it takes time to even implement that and get it up and running And we still gonna end up and then we Gonna up fuck for, for a While. And the fact of the matter is the, it's a world economy now and it has been for a long time. Like you're trying to go back to some fifties, sixties Mental with shit.


He's saying that, he's saying that and he ain't all the way wrong. I I I want You on that. I don't think he's All the way wrong. He's not all the way wrong. He's saying we are being way more lenient and a lot of people are leaning on us and they have built up their economies off of us. He's not wrong. That's true. But also we get the benefit of that when we can go to China and outsource some shit that costs $20. But over here, you paying somebody $20 a hour to produce those goods, there's a trade off in that. So all of his man and them, you know what I'm saying? The niggas that's getting billionaires getting filthy fucking rich, they get the benefit of using Chinese labor or Bangladesh or Mexico or any other country that has cheap labor.


Y'all getting the benefit of that when y'all getting 900% markups on y'all shit. Right. To get it made over here. You not gonna get the same profit margin. You gotta pick one or the other my nigga. You can't take both. And so that's why I think he's fucking, he gonna, and the American people gonna feel the brunt of that for sure. You hit, you hear the other thing that they doing 'cause of Trump, they took in racism out of the end zones for the Super Bowl. What bro, they are taking anything black, anything racial, anything, anything out of everything. School books, all that shit, bro. It's It is. It is. It is rough shit. Look a little spooky. Yeah. They about to stop talking about slavery nationwide. Oh yeah. Listen, it was a great part. Don't feel scared People.


You right. Like come on. It is fine. It's your Man. Heal the world. All right. I got a slap. I got a slap. Let's hit. I got a slap. I got a slap. I had a part of the show too. It was pretty fast. Let's see, what's your favorite lie that you have ever told whether you got caught or caught or not or impressed? Were you with yourself? That is from Jello. Don't all talk at once. I've told some lies where I was pretty impressed with myself. The one that sticks out for me is when I went to open gym on Bayview and Jersey City on a Wednesday from 8:00 PM to 10:00 PM Left my MySpace page up in the crib.


Shorty got home early than she was supposed to. Seen a bunch of things that she wasn't supposed to see. Nigga I left. I never left a full court game so fast. But anyway, I end up having my home girl pretend to text me something as the girl to say that this wasn't real and all types shit and it worked. Wow. Be by Golly. Wow. It didn't Hey, because you spoke to   No I don, I don't even know what you're talking about. It just didn't work. They just want us to tell a lie to make it. Oh okay. Maybe. You know what I mean? Well I'll take that one too. Thanks. Work. Right. Hey suppress your real feelings to please me.


I'm with that. Hey, you heard me? You heard Me? How about y'all A lie? You told where you were really impressed with yourself? Like oh shit. Oh that it worked? Yes. My sleep was skewed up. Yeah, I Can't, I can't think. I mean the guy paid $50. I can't think of one. You got it. You got it. Can't think of one either. $50 Don't go a long way no more. We'll try again and have one. Hey, We'll try to answer it next pod man. No, I bet that was the lie. Go ahead. Oh No I'll try. I don't have one ready at the bit. Sorry. Okay, I'm going with, I'm thinking about you in the Baby.


I pull up on you solo now. Girl, I swam. I used Off Your Body Girl and I back and I On the Music and It is called Slow Grind featuring the best RB singing the world.


Ja. You know the Vibes And that's off Chicks tape. I wanna say three New Joe Biden. Shout to to hold your head. All right man. I'm going to the best r and b album of the year. Okay. This is Phil something off of 1111. Chris Brown. I need to Feel Something, Feel Something I, I Feel Something.


I just think it's funny that you on the same page. You think it funny that you I start, I just Feel Something I And that is Feel Something Chris Brown again.


Congratulations. Congrats, congrats. Well deserved. I'm playing new old music. This is Swizz Beatz and Nas Echo Throwing piss out the window at police chasing niggas with warrants. There was never no peace. Judy S was enormous. I was fresh in D thinking about a sexually knew a bunch of radio bahe. Rest in peace. Four finger rings, biggest brass knuckles. Haters walk by try to stab you if they hug you Lady you on the fourth floor hollering every evening till she planned up. Wasn't having it that evening. He was beating us. She ain't having it. That even one shot to the neck in the juggler.


Now he bleeding. She beat the case. But damn the kids suck. I'm dating the daughter but I have visions of a mother. Project Knight. No project Lights. Hoping a friend Don try to rob my mom at night. She worked hard to bring her to the table. Channel you before we had Cable Campbell soup before I had sushi Visu before I had the Gucci for the Deuce with a karate movie Outta syn mouth. Movie. Movie sent to the store for a Lucy came a long way. Now the same one salute me. Hey, to say it must be nice, I say it must be hate. I don't like that line. That shit Straight fate. Yeah, I'm talking the eighties, not the nineties stuff. Thomas Rail and Jamaica, Queens, Ronnie Bumps, Queensbridge Kings and all that.


Rowdy white boys with baseball backs. Italians and Greeks on di malls, Steinway Street, all the slick cars. I know some fake niggas living lie. I got some real niggas ready to die. I know some fake niggas living lie. I got some real niggas ready to die. We was times square pioneers 40 deuce 40 below boots, 40 else Bruta true bishop from juice running while loose. Me and my 40 troops were stupid. Style was s smoke coach. Polo Goose is ruthless. Goons of woes. Bell jumpers.


Everybody from everywhere they was trying to jump us for pumping. True story. My youngins, I'm a daily thuggish. Fred Douglas military persona. Yeah, I'm living with honor to my niggas from serving 40 while I'm in my forties. I'm the walkin observatory of murder story since shorty on his journey till I'm a weaken in Bernie's dead burning herb. Porsche frames hang on my head 30 years ago. Memories they never left. Special memories my nigga that would never forget. For some reason we isolate that feeling. I wouldn't change a damn thing for a billion. I know some fake niggas living lie. I got some real niggas ready to die.


I know some fake niggas living lie. I got some real niggas ready to die. That's Echo. Swizz Beatz and Nas. Little throwback. That nigga said Channel U the U channel. Before we had cable, y'all niggas too young for that one. You gotta turn the channel to. You didn't go to the box. You aint your F Chamberlain. That's crazy. I'm going to Kyle Banks. And sir the song is MOB.


Hey, I'm a boss making boss moves people Sta when I walked though, they minding my business. Got my life on list nigga I be put a couple on. What you say? You ain't trying to get ignorant. I'm gonna tell you what I want. I don't need any a reason. Cut the check go. I'm leaving morning or fighting the evening. No time. I ain't got no time. They my dudes. I don't pay no mind play with you. I don't think that's why I'm already do fly. I I'm the best done.


You know this man. Smoke smoking on Friday. I need everything always, ma'am. I don't play. You ain't on my squad all day. You ain't on your job. That's my line. You might dress your what you want. I don't give no fucks. I'm gonna tell you what I want. I don't need me a reason. Cut the check leaving. Got no time, ain't got. I don think no matter play you. I don That's Kal Banx and Sir MOB salute friends of the show.


That was dope. My track is by an artist named Winny and it's called Pretty I I'm breathing in my own way and I my mind, I love re make my money with pride.


I see where life in me. I like to job in some, I come this complete. What you going to do, if you will, you stay. Tell me when. That's why. God, some days I'm burning, some days I'm not.


Some days I'm dripping water. Sipping over to means that no judgment. I'm just a monster. But we getting better. Nobody. A I don't catch you repeat on your recipe. I guess I in my own way and I like sing love. Make my money with pride in s Good.


That's Winny pretty fuck with it. Big Mark. What you got, Man? This, this weekend album. I, It is been having me in choke hold all weekend. So same. So I'm, I'm going to go with one of the drinks I really love, which was Baptized In Fear. Mr.


I fell asleep in to everything that preacher said. Wrong up all the times I dodged this can be the way in the corner. Can't quite see. I just know the shadow staring at me.


It gets closer, it gets closer, it gets Laughing. Heartbeat slower. I, I I Baptized In Fear dear sin I in the corner.


I can't quite see. I just know the shadow staring at me. It gets closer. It gets closer. It gets closer Now in the that I, that I Baptized In Fear, cuts off flows into the next song.


That album also had me in choke hold. Lots of edibles, lots of weekends, Every album. I'm really, really, Really dope. And it was a vibe. And before we get outta here, man, I just wanna send a a heads up to a friend of the show. His name is Eric Sykes. Lost his moms last week very suddenly. So just hold your head, dog. Yeah. Word. And we once sent thoughts and prayers to Kendrick and his family. I know he announced in the Grammys that aunt passed today before. Yeah, true. That's true. So thoughts and prayers to him as well. And with that said man, good po lady and gentlemen, hopefully y'all have enjoyed this broadcast as much as we have enjoyed delivering it to you.


Let's go Chris, keep us in your prayer. Lord knows we need to be there. Irv Gotti, we praying for you no matter what's going on. My brother, I love you. Prayers To those inside the pod and outside the pod. Until next time I be you would do fare well. Adio, Reva, dci, OTA So long. Goodbye. Or a simple head, no will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass.


So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. Boom. And lastly, what up big Mel? Let Carlos Miller know what up. Lastly. Hey. Huh? No. Is this the whole baddies are insecure. There you go. There you go. Get to him. Baddies Are insecure. Nicole Murphy is whack. Taka is whack. All you bitches on my body. Superhead. You whack the Stack. Mandy B all you bitches that was talking shit about me. Bitch, y'all seen my workout Bitch on the gram. You seen what I'm doing? Giving it up. Stop playing with me man. Movies on the way. Pod fucking outta here.


Trademark hot and bothered. Fucking gym clothes coming soon. Stop fucking playing. Stop fucking playing around out here. Something That what you was gonna say, Thank you for summing it up for me. I appreciate that. I'm such a messy bitch. One day when I'm 45, when I'm 46, I'm growing up soon. I'm growing up soon when I buy my house, I'm outta here. Okay, I'm growing up. That's the plan. That's when I'll be mature of yo. Till next time, man. Y'all holding down. Anybody got any fun weekend? I mean week plans. Week plans. Anything fun going on this week? Anything exciting going on? Nope. Quiet week Studio. Studio. Studio. Quiet week buddy. Buckling down. That's It. Just working. Just working.


Buckling down. I Ain't gonna see y'all before Sunday, but y'all welcome to the crib. If y'all wanna watch Super Bowl. Who's making the Super Bowl? Snacks? Quality. Quality cook. Not me. There's mac and cheese. There's movie Mac and cheese. So there is mac and cheese. Even though you're totally against Mac and cheese. That's right Because that's I I love my people. Your wife is cooking. She's cooking and some other folk making some Stuff. Hey, some other folk making some stuff. That's that money talk right there. That's that money talk I heard all the way through that. Kings listen, I I always shit Kings, listen man, It is too at that 'cause he won't go in There. You know ain't going in there. I did the regular old ghetto nigga shit. Man. Hit the Buffalo Wing lady sir. Sent over some honey wings.


I was thinking about buying I think spicy, spicy chili, You know what I mean? Some pasta salad, seafood salad. Something like that. You know the, you know the vibe. I feel Like I be with Cheese All Man. Look at Ice. My son Ice. Look at Ice being my son Yo Ice. Me and Park spent many years In a recording. That shit was really good doing music shit. That was amazing. I Feel like that was the best one. That was the best one though. The audience. That was little punch that we had to do, you know what I mean? Ice always doubts us. Ice only know us from Pot S. Right. Me Ice only know us from pot. I'm still in the studio. He Came to see, he was in the studio like a rapper this weekend.


He stayed. He didn't like that shit. But Oh yeah, when I, when I forgot to hit my prize pick lines up here and I had to go to Parks house Before the strip club. Yeah. Went over there. Had to say my favorite. Well no I never said that before. Where we go, where the booth at? Man? You Lost. I ain't know where the booth was. I ain't know how to turn the headphones up no more. I was lost in there. Y'all holding down man. Peace, love, health, wealth and prosperity. Remember Tupac kids. If don't nobody else care. That's true. Congratulations to all the winners out there. All the nominees out there. If you lost do better, you got a year to get to it. Seriously. Seriously. I ain't joking his motivation. Mel, you got any last words for these? Hey Nas bitches out here or Carlos Miller? No, I feel like you summed it up for me.


Thank you. I appreciate that. That's Right Joe. No, Joe Biden. Oh Yeah. Fuck they talking about for the Record bitch. I love my crew up here. Huh? For the record. All right, talk heavy. Stop It heavy now we got it. We gotta hit it now. My crew, my dogs sand rules, break laws we represent for the laws of dogs. S that that's Man we going Daddy.


J-B-P-J-B-P without the JP. I can see Sabrina tap dancing on that little jingle right there. She shouldn't tap dance ever again. Ever again. Sabrina shouldn't tap dance. Little Taylor Swift Jr. Taylor Swift Jr. We need the great white beefs. Like the great white verses. That's what we need. All of them. They like the The Avengers, Sabrina, Billy fucking who else? Nah, I think Sabrina and the girl Olivia. Rodrigo used to be beefing. I don't know if they cleaned it up. Buts not Sabrina. Billy, you better take your ass to rainbow, get you some girl clothes man. Come on. Trump is in the rainbow. Take your ass to fucking, what the hell The spot off.


We used to go to American now. American Barrel. Come on, see what that ass is hitting for. We good. Clip this. Y'all think Billy Olive got ass on the crisscross jeans? She definitely got boobs. She Got titties. She got boobs. She got titties. Wait, so y'all are sexualizing her? No bitch.