
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. And I'm know, I'm mad em Mel. 'cause we was supposed to get at least nine months of Ozempic jokes off on her. I agree. And so What happened? You stopped us. You ran. I ran. You ran?


Yes. You ran in the back to clutch your stomach to cry. Crying. Yep. Like thing gonna go on podcast. Oh, I have something I've been dying to share. She kept it for her. I'm I'm not mad at that. I've been on taking semi glu tie. She shared her truth. She shared her truth on her platform. Yep. I I knew about that shit for man long. I was thrown to AlleyOOP. Yeah, We've been there About it. I was putting that shit right by the front. Yeah man. I did too. A little bit dis Ozempic stuff is taking over you guys. What do you think? Anybody wanna comment on that? Hey, yo, Mel, Oprah and Ozempic. What do you feel? She turned her head on that shit. Oprah lost her deal because of Ozempic. How do you feel?


She was, I kept my mouth shut Too. And ice I was on. She was like, how do you know That's what It is? Yeah. She played a lot of shit like, girl, you know what's so crazy? You could tell your niggas love you when we know the truth. That we had to be up here lying with you. Like we had to ignore. She stopped taking it. Yeah. A long time ago. Any reason why? Because I wanted to use it as an aid just to get me to where I wanted to be. And now, now just, it's the gym and Lifestyle. So you a little, little booster boost. You was in the gym before that Little PD When she say bullshit, she do this. Watch her hands. Will she do this? Watch Mel Hands. That's a politician. Shit. That's Like one of the, she lied Shit the president be doing.


Yeah, I remember Mel because nigga, we caught Mel one time. You did not catch me doing shit. Not doing it. But we caught you having to, you know, you Said, you said like she was doing lines. I, I discussed it with and I'm, I'm, I'm gonna respect your privacy, but we just had to hold it down for you. That's all. And I think you gotta give us more credit than that. You should. You should. Like, yo, yo, my brothers, they knew I was on the zip and they didn't say nothing. Mad times he threw the alley. I remember Ariel zipping topic, Joe, like, so Look right at Me. Speaking of credit and stuff, you gonna pay that back. Oh yeah. What be flip off. So because of your pink outfit you had on, we were making rap group jokes, dibs jokes, Dipset we lyrics and stuff.


We were so Flip said a lyric. And then he said, Mel, you don't know who that's from. I bet you don't know who that's from. She Stated, She said, dip diplomats or Dipset. He said, yeah, but who was it? I got a hundred dollars if you know who it was. And then she said it was s Not instantly. No, she was, she was talking to you. She was in conversation with You. She stopped for a little bit. She's Why do you think I don't know who this is. Flip, I know who this is. And you kept saying, Who think I'm gonna, you think I'm gonna say the name? And then Po turned the camera off. He said, you said Joelle's right? I did not. I said yes and nobody heard him say that. As soon as he turned the camera back on Joelle Santana And I said it correctly, That is not how that happened. But you should pay her her Bet though. I got you. She owed me money for the cake nigga.


I'm about to say Mel ain't never getting no money from none of y'all. That that cake shit split spirits. It Is, It is. Score the whole, I'm gonna pay Mel because I still owe Mel $88 because Didn didn't wanna drop her home. I pulled the old school the Real Talk. Hey, Real Talk, Real Talk, Real Talk, Real Talk, Real Talk. Y'all. I Busy. I missed the Real Talk era of hip hop. Man. I was that dude when we was real talking. Gimme Some examples, Joe. Nah, I was lying. Used lying, getting all kind of bullshit. Mad off Real Talk. Talking about, nah, that's Real Talk And it don't be real. Oh, the Fakest, the Talks. Yeah. No, no Real Talk at all. Pure loss. Niggas was real talking. Mel Facts Mel. That nigga dropped Mel off on the Van Wick.


Hey yo Ma, I got somewhere to be Real. Talk Real, Real Talk. Real Talk. Nah, that's Real Talk. They got bad shit over Real Talk. Oh man. Oh man. Alright. Headphones on. You don't need your shades today, do You? Nah, I don't think so. It's not a shady pod. I don't think so. I got mine on. But just in case, if y'all go somewhere crazy, then shades ain't too far. Real Talk. Real Talk Real, Real Talk. Real Talk. What? What type of pink? What, what, what shade of pink. Yeah. Same thing thing. That's a bright pink, Like bubblegum. That's like It's a girl Shit. What's That? Bubble? Bubble. Bubblegum. Definitely Licious pink bubble shit. You think I got on? You think I purchased something called Bubble? Double Bubble?


Remember that? That's what you used that That takes you to the zip For that mp. She went from double bubble to, to pop. Oh, my girl had to buy some new jeans. Hit that TJ Maxx on them. Boy. Anyway, FLA. I don't know what pink this is. I just put it in the cart. It Looks nice, bro. Thank You. Thank you man. Shout out to fucking never that nigga y ain't paying. Oh man. That's how it goes. You gotta pay for that. You finish researching M somewhat. He lets you do that. Right? He lets you get mad, comfortable doing something and then outta nowhere. He said some shit about it. Y'all sitting like, the cameras don't be on like, like y'all hiding.


Y'all do what y'all want, man. I don't care. I don't care. Do what y'all want. Okay. How was, yo, listen, I, I'm just happy to see you man. Shout out to our brother ish. He's not here today. Yeah. Shout out to Ish. Yeah, shout out to Ish for finally calling out when he should call out a word. Like don't come and be sick as Hell. Word. He got Imani sick. Imani couldn't even hit his residency y'all this week. Oh yeah. I had to hit the spot without my boy. That's Why he was sick. Right? That's why he was sick. He ain't been back since for the record. Yeah. No, that's true. Child Damani. Hopefully he feels better. Song Works. It's a little different. Song works. Hopefully. Hopefully ish feels better as well. Shout to ish.


Anybody out there listening that may be a little under the weather. Our hearts are with y'all for sure. Anything else we need before we get started today on this beautiful, beautiful day? Nah, let's get to it. Beautiful day man Out there. What's good?


Shout wherever you may be listening from Hood. All shout to all the Milton gifts out there listening. All the parents out there, all the happy couples and shit. Valentine's Day coming. Valentine's Day coming. Oh yeah, that It is. Mark it down That It is. Ask your girl you've been with forever if she wants to be your Valentine.


That shit works though. I might ask this year. Always for the ladies. Always for the Yes Sir. Hey, the go out there, right out, Turn off. Shout to all the subgroups, listening, all the, of course all the truck drivers, the poster workers, the teachers and all that.


Ain't gonna ask Flip because man, niggas can't do nothing with me in an RB party when the Beyonce set his, I ain't gonna lie. Your back. Yeah, come on man. It's Friday. What we talking about? We lit. We live baby. Hey, Shout all the bitches that was singing this song from his house out there.


You can Mel, miss that closet. Go ahead Mel. You Cri out there. Alright, We got a great show lined up. Great show lined up.


Look at my son over here. That's right. Web. What's going on? Oh, up. Peace. How come?


No, I can't be the only one all world tonight, Man. So happy to be so happy to be here. Microphone, Check one, two. What is the energy up? Energy up. Good shit. Mic check. Tonality right. Tonality right. Last looks. Let's get the outfits right.


Some people are watching us on the big screen. That's, they put this shit up there. The TVs look good with the little fireplace underneath it. And the LED. Yeah, man. Hey, get these niggas something to look at real quick, man. Show these niggas what some inspiration look like when you focus and doing what you gotta do out here. Huh? My man right there. Icy fish, Flip and mail. Mail, mail. All right, what episode is this? 7 94.


Welcome to episode 7 94 of the Joe Button Podcast. Brought to you by Fuel. By Powered by PrizePicks. PrizePicks. Can you, I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, so happy to be here. Fully dressed Host Joe Button here with some really amazing people to my right.


Hello? Hello? Hello? Doctor. You know the vibes you seen all over the World King Magazine Jail Sales Lifetime. Huh? Huh? Her own podcast hitting out there. Y'all know the fucking vibes. Big Melyssa Ford Legend in two games. Hootie. Who? That Goddamn right next to her. Big Queens. Queens. Flip in the building. Huh? What's up y'all doing Quiet intro. No, I'm Excited. Nah, I'm excited to see you, man. I'm excited to see you. I'm excited to see you all. And you know how to represent for Ish. You know when he does, when he sits in his chair, he just going Mm.


When y'all shout him out. So I, I gotta keep that same energy condition going. Yeah. He act like when I'm introing him like, like Muhammad Ali is coming out. Like he act like Eddie Murphy or somebody himself is coming out. Yeah. Like he could talk. He accomplished all obstacles in the world. He ain't talk fucking bummed. So glad he not here so I can talk behind his back. And he won. He won the Monopoly game. Oh he did? He did finally win a Monopoly game. Wow. That's why he took off. That's why he took off, off left, nigga. I'm outta here. Fuck y'all next to Flip. Elizabeth's finest. Y'all know the vibes, huh? Black Twitter King officially Ice. The freest is here. Huh? Yo. Yo. Yo.


What's happening? King Elmira El Myra's finest. Big Parks is in the building. What's popping ports in the building? Corey is here. Ericsson is here. Avon and Tanner here by remote. And last, but certainly not least, each and every one of you beautiful people are here. How's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling? How's your spirit? How's your heart? I'm Feeling great. How was your week? How week? How's your text inbox? How's your dms? Peaceful parents. Your children, your pets. Huh? Daisy? What's up? Talk to me. Everybody's, Everythings good, man. Everything's up. It's all good right now. Just working, man. Preparing, you know? That's right. Preparing to turn up. Got some, got some events next week. Got some spaces. Yeah. I haven't Been in spaces yet. Got some spaces There. Big spaces lined up for next week. Yeah, I'm, I'm preparing for the end of room event next weekend.


So that's what you, your forecast already? I do. Promote your shit right now nigga. Let them know what's going on next week. Next week I'm putting eight people in the room next weekend and eight people in the room. And I just have surprises For them. Let 'em know where they can find that at. Stop it man. Patreon, Patreon do com slash flip the network. FIP Dtk. Hey Patreon. We got another one. Hey. Hey here Paton. We got another one signed right on. You got that? You got you not up over there like you used to be. You Got that position. I'm not up anywhere. I don't have any position. All I got is y'all. Thank you. All I got is y'all and s that turns out to be at the end of the year.


Man. I could have sworn I'm happy with that. Like all I need is y'all too. Like I'm not, I ain't chasing It Is you bro. How do you feel about that? We need you two. Thank you. How's everything With you Man? With me? Yeah. Real good. Yeah, real good man. Had a real good week of rest and sleep. Almost like somebody's pregnant somewhere. Mm oh, Oh, no, no, no. No need for that noise. I tossed her off of me. She had her head on the headboard. Whole forehead was swollen. I couldn't even lie. I was say I'm ready to do This. It's like, nigga, shut up. Oh yeah. But I've been getting a lot of rest. Lot of rest. Lot of sleep. Night agent season two is out. Oh shit.


There's another show that I finished. I don't remember what it was. Oh, land Man finished. We talked about that already. So I'm good. I'm good. It is just been good to be in the house. Resting, eating. It's too cold. Be outside eating. For real. That's true. Working on my winter body, you know what I mean? Gotta get that winter body in effect. And that's it. Dubbing these hoes. Same shit. Regular, regular, regular. It is a full-time job not to kill these bitches. They ain't loyal the hoes. What the fuck? What do you want me to say about that? Say No, no, no. You're weak. Oh. I Was like, I don't know about these hoes being okay anyways. Good, good. Great. Had a great week. Very Productive. Where did You go? Yo Mel always act like she never met a hoe.


That's not True. Like she don't know no hoes. The only hoe I know is a garden tool from Home Depot. That's shit. Yeah. Like it's Okay. But anyway, I haven't, I have in the past. Yeah. You know, it was a good week. It was amazing. Good. Yeah man. Well glad to hear that. Yeah. Take that audience of millions. That's right. I mean, do you want me okay, for real. What I actually did this week? Sure. Yes. I wanna Hear it. Oh shit. Sorry. Sorry. Hold on. Lemme turn my ringer off. I'm sorry. No, normally that doesn't happen. I got, I didn't hear nobody ring calling. No, I didn't hear nothing already. Nobody called or nothing. Okay. All right. But Anyway, whatever. I had a doctor's appointment.


It is this, is this gonna be good? Or I went and I Asked for it. Yep, You did. Sometimes we just gotta just Let it Well you know, I like to stay up on my health. Sure. Well you're alive. So shout out to the doctor. All right. Shout out to the doctor for that one. She is here and alive with us. Yeah, That's basically it. I got a screening. Clean Bell Health Good. All clean Bell Health. That's it. Good. Excited. Good. Good. Happy to see you man. Thank you. Thank you. Freeze. Sorry, Quiet week. Good, good. Very good. I got got some stuff. I'm preparing for my daughter's birthday next week. So trying to get all this shit what I'm doing. You Still, y'all still doing the separate party joints? Yeah. Yeah. Come together freeze. What you mean?


Do one big party? No. Alright. Let But you'll play with a of your family. No, I'm just saying no like you just so happens this year her birthday falls on the day that I have her. So I, I'm having her a party at school and then that the following weekend we're gonna do a big birthday party. Are you one of 'em niggas that give your daughter the litter party than the mother? I was about to say, I don know. Are you gonna take this opportunity to show her that her moms can't fuck with her? Can't fuck, can't fuck with you when it come To parties. I don't. You gonna go all out. I go all out for my daughter at all times. Yeah, We go There you go hear that. I do that at all times. Used To BM It is on man. No, no, no. Take it back. Alright, I'm done. I'm done. Thank you. I'm done. No, I just go all out for my daughter at all times.


Got you. That's it. I don't concern myself with anything else. And that's the right way to go about it too. That's true. Like honestly that's it. That's the best way to do it. Thank God nigga. If it was me, I'm doing a big party and I'm shit on your moms nigga and she can't come in. Yeah. Them parents that try to come in like when you throwing a party, you try to come in. Nah, I'm doing straight reversal, big party. I'm inviting all my family. I'm not inviting none of her family. Nah nigga, we gonna be lit and taking pictures on the ground. You don't want Her to come in. That's hilarious. So she like get jealous? Nah. 'cause when you come because they No, 'cause she has the capability of destroying the party and making the scene. That's true. You, you don't want that energy. Nah. How How they going? They got, they gotta know where it's at to do that though, right? True. Yeah we got, oh okay. We got treated. Like who?


Who treated Kanye like that? Kanye. That shit Kanye showing up. Kanye. Fuck that. Fuck that bouncy house in the backyard. Kanye Text Travis. Travis. He one of them niggas gave him the love. Justin Laboy. Yo you think Kanye, you was Real Talk in that in that instance. Yo Real Talk. That was some Real Talk. Absolutely. For sure. Real Talk. Yo Real Talk. You where that Real Talk real, Real Talk. Yeah. Parks, how was your week? Good. It's studio. It's too cold to be outside. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not outside. I'm inside. I'm in the studio. It's time to buckle down and get shit right for the rest of the year. It's True. That white boy group came back to your studio. My my guys Ever scale. Yes. Give back P is yo Parks.


He code switch in a good way 'cause he can get away with it. Like when he around his white guys I watched him. He hey yeah he got the bed, they hitting bed. I said, oh shit. He don't do that when he come in. Well We don't drink beer here so I mean Yeah them niggas in a big here and they was cracking white jokes. That's why I don't order no Becks. I don't order no Becks up to his feet. Probably start getting wild. Yeah, listen a lot to get to. Yes. A lot to get to. I ain't gonna waste nobody time. We could jump right into it. Who is the person that said one human year equals seven years in dog?


Yeah. What? That's a really good question. Good Question. Dog Question. That's a really, because dogs be living for like if you get a mutt dog, they live for like 20 years. If you get like a purebred they live for seven years, like should be all over the place. I wanna know who came up with that and and how do they know that Niggas just made that shit up and said all bet. And what does that look like for a day in the dog's life? I think there's a crock of shit Is a day really? Seven days. That's what I'm saying. Like I don't have time for this shit. Well I mean it actually makes sense. You know when you think about it. No, tell break It down. Well because the average dog's lifespan would be, average would be about 12 to 14 years and the average is out. The ones that like usually die around like nine or 10 years. And the ones that like have, I don know like 17, 18 years on on them.


Okay. So I feel like it averages out. And then I actually googled this one time because I was interested to find out like where the fuck did this come from? And it's like it goes down in numbers. So it's just like the first couple of years, one year equals like seven years and then the next few years it's like it tapers off. I don't know where the calculation came from but Could it be like the maturity of the dog? You get what I'm saying? Like the ability for like a, a female dog to get pregnant and have puppies might be earlier in their lifespan. So if you do a math calculation, I think we should look at this from all angle. Something like that. I don't Fuck That. You got into the reproduction of I'm just saying I don't, they got, they had to come up with that shit somewhere.


He always get into that bag bro. I like it. I love freeze. Somebody had to come up with that shit. I'm just Trying. I don, I don't know. I don't shit about That's a good hypothesis. I like that. Yeah. I don't know shit about dogs. Which, which topic up here is most important? Lawsuits Or Lawsuits? Yeah, The lawsuits. Lawsuits and lawsuits. And lawsuits in the room. The lawsuits lawsuit is up. It's lawsuit time. Alright, let's do it. Which one? Pick one. Well UMG they filed in Texas to have to, to have the Drake Defamation suit dismissed. Is that where Drake filed? Yeah. He filed two lawsuits. So the first one was against Universal and Spotify.


And that was in New York. But That was the petition. Yes. That's that's the petition. Well yeah, they're both petitions. Okay. Excuse me. And the other one was a a solely against Universal and that was filed in Texas. Okay. Ah. So Universal is filed in Texas to have that petition dismissed. Do we want to bother reading? I'll read it. I'll read it. So they could not say that we didn't read shit. Oh they're just out there talking out their ass. Bring back the journalist. Let's see. Petitioners rule 202 petition arises out of an ongoing feud between two prominent rap artists, petitioner stage name Drake and Kendrick Lamar Duckworth, stage name Kendrick Lamar UMG distributes the recordings of both of these artists.


Beginning in the spring of 2024, petitioner and Kendrick Lamar each released recordings containing lyrics which attacked the other performer, which are known within the genre as Dis tracks. This rap battle culminated in in a recording by Kendrick Lamar called not like Us, released in May, 2024 to which petitioner has taken offense. Rather than addressing his grievances with Kendrick Lamar, petitioner has resorted to strategic legal retaliation against UMG and others in an apparent effort to pressure them to limit the distribution of not like us.


The TCPA protects parties from this exact kind of legal retaliation by providing an expedited process to summarily dismiss legal actions including petitions for presu ions. All it sounds like to me is they wanna play that shit at the Super Bowl And it sounds like he don't want 'em. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just trying to step on this song. I don't think it's just the Super Bowl. I mean yeah, that's a big part but I know like Grammy season coming up, I need to he just wants to step on this record. Yeah. Before He gets all the big, It's already biggest big as hell. It Is, right? It Is. Now I I have to stop this from getting any bigger. I'm trying to, even though it's already snowballed. Yeah. Yeah. This sounds like he just doesn't want it to be on TV in the big TV events and UMG wants it to be on TV at the big TV events.


I mean because it's their hit single. It's their hit single. It sound like UMG saying man, what a bitch. Well they said that in the first, the first statement to the public And it sounds like they're doubling down. Yeah. Hey, can you call him a bitch too? Hey, call him a bitch for me. Nah. That is what it sounds like. Yeah. I don't know any other way to slice it. I know last time this came up a lot of people, well and I've heard a lot of people say, Joe, you're normally, you're normally with bucking the system. Yeah, I said that. Yeah. But this is kinda why I am not in support of that here. I support this records.


You do? Yeah. I support being able to say whatever you want to say about your opponent as an art of expression in, in a record. I'm not sure if using the system is bucking the system either, by the way. If what Using the system is bucking the system. Meaning well, yeah, Using the system. Well eh, debatable It could be, I guess Debatable could be a form of Using this, using one system to buck another system. Yeah, no, a buck said system that you are using, I don't know if that fully qualifies, But part of my beef could be 'cause I'm not getting to use that system no more. I break this all down as man, what a bitch.


Yeah. I break it down a little bit further than that. I mean, yeah, the move might be that, but from his side it's like dog, I'm still trying to protect business interest interests here. But The, the irony of the situation is that he's made the whole thing so much bigger by filing these petitions that have the potential to become well, that are being regarded as lawsuits. I don't think he's made it bigger. It was already big the record was I under and I to totally understand that. But he's made the situation so much bigger that he's placed just more, even more eyes in terms of people who probably were really indifferent to the whole situation. Like, oh wow, this is really, I tend to agree. Yeah. Really shaping. I tend to agree the record has a Real kerfuffle Sort of died down at least since, since May doing all this is just bringing it back up really.


I think the record has died down. But again, from Drake's standpoint, I know what y'all are about to do on the biggest stage in the United States anywhere. Yeah, I know what y'all are about to do. I know what the, I don't, I I don't want an arena full of, excuse me, a stadium full of people singing along to this song because what happens after the Super Bowl with, with artists in their records after the halftime performance, they shit shoot right back up the charts. That's true. So the next day, what do you think not like us is about to do. True. So now, yeah, the record might have died down, but this is just gonna breathe life into it again And you'll probably get mad viral footage of people screaming that shit. Exactly. Exactly. In their Cribs. Like Exactly. Yeah. So and now you got the Grammys the following week where it's nominated again.


Yeah. The people that are against this lawsuit, right? Is it, do they just want him to just say like, yo, you lost the battle. Go and figure it out. Go and make another record. You know? And 'cause as we, as we've seen before in the history of battle rap, a lot of records damaged careers and some of these niggas disappeared for years. And we seen that and we talk about that. Oh man, this person used to be the best person I used to listen to the songs until he came. So then now we want the same thing that happened to Drake. Right. Because I, I hear a lot of people saying like, this record is big, it's calling him or whatever It is calling him. So he's, is he supposed to just say, is he, was he supposed to just stay quiet and just go work on another record?


Who's to say that the audience would receive him the same after this late? I don't think He did that. Yeah. He put out other records that would've worked had it, the people and the company's not been off him. But what I'm saying is that, was it received the same? No. Right. Okay. So what I'm saying, so, so I Don't think we've ever seen someone lose a battle that had his level of popularity. Exactly. Okay. So now the bigger they are, the harder they fall. So now he's falling off and continue to fall off. How do I like, like Joe said last time risk assessment, right? Like he may, he took a risk and it didn't work in his favor. What do, what do you do next? Especially if you make a song that is not working or doing what it normally does, what do you do next? You you blame the system. Try to use some reverse psychology or some, or some tricks and to try to get yourself back into motion.


That's how I feel about it. You know, I understand what everybody's saying. I, I'm, I'm down with Joe when I think about it, when I go, I'm like, okay, I get it. Yeah. But then if you sit back and take a step back and accept your loss and concede, the only thing I could think of is if you have a smash hit, but niggas is laughing at this nigga, but if I can't and they calling him a piece of shit and it's numerous artists against one, like all that still plays a factor. Like the nigga have no more friends. Any more friends or respect From All respect. Like if he, if he had friends and, and niggas was willing to, I'm sorry. No, go ahead. Go ahead. And niggas was willing to jump, I'm gonna jump back on the record with you or Fuse or somebody then I, I can see him, but he, he got that he alienated himself. He still has That. He still got his Atlanta crew.


He still got them that like Thug had an album come, he did two verses on that while he was, while he was locked up, he still got the people that's rocking with him because it's, the line had been drawn. The people that still rock with Drake are showing it true. They might, they might not have done features and stuff, but you can tell by the way that they're moving throughout this that they keeping that line of communication open with him. Got it. Got it. So How do I put out another hit when the people responsible for making it a hit will not push the button? Got it. That's where he's at right now. So now my only choice is to try my, whatever I can do to stop this record from getting big all over again.


I think this is only about that one record. This ain't about the battle no more. It's about that one record. But Wait, you don't think that this has in any way, shape or form anything to do with his desire for independence? It could tie into it the ba because I'm already battling with the label. You know, I'm trying to get off the label. I think that's A frock of shit that fans just keep throwing in there. I don't think he has the desire to be independent at all. Nothing about what he's ra in songs says that he, he nothing about how he's going about negotiating this shit with UMG says Hey I want to be fully independent. I just don't See that. I don't Think it behooves the artist at his stature to be fully independent. Yeah, he yeah he might have passed that. He might, he might have passed that.


You know what, you know what stuck out? I don, you know what stuck out to me that he used his power at the label to suppress other records. See that? Yeah. Still doing it now. Now it's getting messy. So you tried to use the power that you used before when we heard and we heard about these rumblings and we chose Rick nor or thought it wasn't a big deal or he said that all cease and desist is for all that we listened to him. But then now UMG is confirming that you use these same tactics and they just didn't allow you to use it with this record. Right. You know what I mean? So it's, It is And right like now that the cat's out the bag and Drake has mentioned it in his suit when the beef was going on, I think I was like, yo, let's read the bottom of these Kendrick releases to see this Interscope here just looks funny.


After the pg Lang announcement. Now you come to find out that he did some type of short term arrangement with UMG to see if they could, you know, prove their, prove their prove themselves. I think Drake might have just read that wrong too. I think he read the whole shit wrong. I think he looked at the short term deal thing. Kind of like he looked at Meek being on tour, which is alright. I've been in bed with them. I've been made them all this money. I've been me you trying to get there with this short term shit, I could probably maybe use some of my impact to crush you and prove my worth. Yeah, I think you've read a lot of things wrong in this.


Yeah. Entire. And I just think he read it wrong. And my only issue with the lawsuit, again, I'm not mad at nobody that's wanting to sue a label. I'm mad at the why and the how and the when. I don't like the reasons I have here. Some of the other times that the labels have been sued and I support most of them. Here we go. Kanye West 2019 against EMI, Kanye sued EMI claiming his contract was akin to Ser servitude because it prevented him from retiring. The lawsuit was settled later that year. I'm in support of Little Wayne Cash money. 2015 Wayne sued for 51 million claiming breach of contract and unpaid royalties related to his album to Carter five.


The case was settled in 2018. I'm in support of Mace 2020 against bad Boy. Mayes criticized Diddy and Bad Boy records for withholding rights to his music catalog, which he bo which he sought to buy back. I'm with it. I'm too 2009 jojo against Black Ground records. Jojo Jojo sued for being held in a restrictive contract, which he eventually exited Tiger Against Cash Money and Young Money 2018 claimed he was owed over 1 million in unpaid loyalties of royalties. The dispute was resolved outta court. Like you see the Trend? Yes. All the things that you're talking about are, are business related. And although this suit is business related, it's marketed as and highlighted as essentially trying to squash lyrics like artistic expression.


It is, is he he's talking about business. It is. It is. But his It is, it's a defamation lawsuit. It's saying your words are, are your words what you said in these records are affecting me. Yes. And And then if he can prove that that's different, they're affecting him, then what do we say next? What? Like mental Distress. I just don't Mentally or financially. What do we say next? Oh, what like you, you're going to be on, you're gonna be, we are going to end up being a hypocrite in this when it comes to the Drake story. We are gonna end up being a hypocrite. How so? What do you mean? Because if it's true that that PDF label or whatever messed up any business of his, then we're gonna be like, Oh yeah. So we understand why you had to sue them and get some money back that you might have lost.


Disagree. Disagree. That would, I feel like that would be really hard to prove that that would, that there's a direct correlation. I between I don't think it's hard to prove. It's not hard to prove. If I lost a deal, let's say he lost, he had a deal on, he had a tentative deal on the table and they walked away from the table. Once this came out, you could prove that this, this fucked up some money for me. You could absolutely prove. But then What stops Kendrick and Pusha and Meek from saying The same shit? They not, They're not gonna say because be they live by, they live by, they live by certain, they live by a different code than he does. Right. They embedded in the street, they're in bed, you know, in with some of the people that's outside and that's still in their camp if he can prove this. And on top of that, when that came out, there were videos to sort of paint it in that way.


We do, we forget the videos that were coming out, the online attacks. It was, it it, it wasn't just that PDF word that was labeled on him or put on him. It was a whole bunch of shit that came around that I think that the companies that he's doing business with at his level are smart and wise enough to not have emailed him to say, Hey we took the deal off 'cause you're a pedophile. Like if you lost a deal, you maybe just lost a deal. They not going Yeah. Due to what's going on. I don't think any company is is putting, putting a paper trail there. And that's what I mean by it being difficult to Prove. Yeah Man. Because they can have their own reasons and now you can't prove it was directly a result of this track. Last last part you said that, And real quick before I forget, a large part of Drake's Drake's case from what I've read is, Hey, you guys abandoned your typical business practices.


I just think that's a uphill battle with the people who implement the business practices. Got it. And the people that have used them same business practices for you, Which is what they continue to say In this. And that's all they keep saying. Yeah. Like And in, in a business where the business tactics change constantly, like yeah we did a different tactic because you always have to do a different tactic in music because the fucking goalpost is constantly moving. Yeah. We tried something different. It's just interesting to see them. Like really? They're not bucking at all. They're not gonna buck on this. I don't Think they should. Yeah, they are. They Not, they sound aggressive. They sound more aggressive than I would've imagined for So for a business relationship that we've seen this, this for this long.


Well It gets complicated. 'cause if you start censoring artistic work, what do we, where's the end of that Bro? He's done it. That's the thing. He's done it himself. That's true too. He has made it so he, People's names I'm talking about he's the famous people. I'm talking about what he wanted Universal to do. He's done true. Like he wanted them to. Yo this record shouldn't have come out because it was saying things about me that I don't like really. Right. He's done that. He's made it to where verses could not come out. He's made it to where, yo, you got a song with him. I heard about it. Check this out. Don't take him off of that. Don't put that out. True. And this has happened. So that's why I'm I that's the hypocrite part that I see.


It just so happens somebody hits you with some lyrics that is really fucking you up and it it wasn't stepped on when you yourself had stepped on songs and stepped on verses and had people taken off of songs. Yeah. When does this start? I know Universal. Universal asked for more time, which would take the start from February to March. Yeah. They're pushing it. 'cause it was supposed to have been like the 28th of January and now it's getting pushed. Any, any predictions on how this ends? I'm so sick of, I'm so sick of the Drake lawsuit. Me stuff like, I, I just want, I'm want some Me too.


I'm sick of the whole battle resolution. Honestly. Well, lemme not say that because if not like us, come on in the Super Bowl, I'm gonna lose my mind in my living room. I really think like I'm And on vacation you heard me say I wanna hear some euphoria and they was playing all that fucking RB. Yeah. I really, I now I'm starting, I don't know if it's gonna get played now. At first I was a hundred percent sure, even in the first teasers that the NFL dropped, they had this, the, the beat playing in the background. They've kind of moved off from that. They don't play the beat in the background. They put a new trailer out, you know, announcing that SSA and everything is, is his guest. But now it's a different, now it's one of the songs off of GNX. Yep.


I Still think. I See. And I think that, I think even that has the reverse effect that he's looking for. If not like us don't come on. It is gonna be hundreds of millions of people screaming. What a bitch again, if you're gonna double down in it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But cool. I could take that rather than hearing it. Come on every camera on it. The Super Bowl's the most watched event in the United States. Yeah, we is so cool. Y'all could call me whatever y'all want from the crowd and on Twitter and all that. That song don't get played to him. It's a win. I didn get it. Check this out. Hey, we seen a million rappers doing hey yo, cut the beat off. Go acapella real quick. Now you think I got, I got acapella for the Super Bowl Right here. See that's the other one I said yo, that's Busted on the beat.


Whole beat boat. Get the, Everybody got money. Everybody Rich. I couldn't do my hit. You know why? Because he a Bitch. See that's the one still Got it old man. It is still, It Is still Kendrick Down then is the lake. We know that It is fake. This ain't for a debate Who I'm talking about Dre. Yeah. No, I I don, I don even if not like us done. Come on. I don't, I don I don't know if I need it to anymore. No, the damage is done. I Don't know if I need it to anymore from His part. He just, as long as it don't get played there and you have to, he takes that as a win.


He's sitting, he's definitely doing the mashup with melodies and that, that intro, intro horns is, that's Gonna, I Think the intros coming with a whole band. The whole band walk out with I just can't wait to see his creativity. Yeah, that's it. Because He's, Hey, that's all you're doing. He is making, He's extremely creative. The videos that he's been putting out the pro, like I can't wait to see how creative he gets There. Oh yeah. You just gotta Find a different way to Do it. Oh yeah. He is debuting and not like us remix with with Scissor. That's really going end Drake's whole Drake. Drake. It is really scissor. We need, we need to talk about That Was Another miscalculation. It was, it was what? S Scissor got you wiped down and all that. He does s like jump on his side. 'cause I got a couple records. Yeah.


Oh, Nigga Scissor was in that studio. Ratting being a, being a mole ho holding down gang shit. If you thought Drake was mad at that scissor cost and that shit, then the tour announcement now a Super Bowl commercial. You got the nerd to be pouring Gatorade on him. You know what Gatorade means? Nigga Drake fired up the sassiest of dms to send it to send Long Joint. Are you crazy? Long paragraph. Mad paragraph. Oh yeah, sorry, sorry. Scissor Real Talk. Oh yeah, no, no Real Talk. For Real. No, she got some Real Talk. No Real Talk Definitely was Real Talk.


So the, so the Super Bowl commercial that they put out? Yes. The little teaser Kendrick on the football field. Yep. Scissor popping in Right when he says might have a special guest. I mean, I think that's been pretty obvious. Yeah. S you see what's going on? I thought was Drake gonna be in Australia cutting that Australian TV off? Turn the TV off, Turn the TV off. Turn the TV off. He ain't watching none of that. Nah, can't watch that bitch. But I think that's gonna hurt. I think the scissor part hurts. I think the LeBron stuff hurts. I agree with what he said. Hey, a lot of this was personal for me and I'm, and I'm hurt by it. And the actions just look that way. That's it. Bam. So now tie that in with the company who we been like this.


I he, he talked like Lucian is his man's man's. Yeah. Y'all shitting on me too. He hurt Man All the way around the board. He coulda just took your fucking 400 million and gone Keep giving the slaps. Yeah. Work your way back up. I don't think he liked that little scissor trailer part that came out nor any of the collaborations between Kendrick and Kendrick and Scissor. No. What do y'all think? What do y'all think? Damn, that's gonna be crazy. I ain't gonna lie. What did cheat code to have ss in your back pocket word? Because she got some Super Bowl records. For sure. For sure. She does Order.


He's gonna bring anybody else out. I think so. I think so too. Yeah, I think so. I mean, whatever happens, I'll, it don't matter. It I'll be, I'll be bringing the Chicken Dip and the and the Tostitos out. I'm gonna be turned For sure. Yeah. See that should be, that should be, I should be able to play that on PrizePicks. Who else Kendrick is bringing out. Mm, that would be great. I got some Names. First song, all of that type of shit. First song, Turn the TV on turn the T Hey and the Super Bowl's around the corner. So we don't even have to, we don't, we don't even have to wait too long word. We, we, we a few weeks away.


I can't wait. Well actually I can't wait for Sunday. This is the weekend Super Bowl's just like the after party basically. This is the one. Yeah, Let's go Commanders. That's right. Root for let's Go Go Commanders for Go. And I think they might can win that. I jail Hurts is banged Up. I was talking to Corey. I I really believe that they're going to win that. I'm not just saying if a family but the the, the confidence they playing with. Yeah Bro, that's, you can't find that in everybody. And Jalen Hertz is on broken wheels right now. That's they We gonna hit him. Yeah. And Josh Allen might get his look back this Year. I think this is the year. Let's get your a look back year pause. He got 'em in the regular season. Now I need to do it when it count a bill Is the year. This is Washington.


I'll take it. Yeah, I will take it some Early nineties. Shit. It's Gonna be a good game. Hopefully. That's the way it play out for me. I can't see Pat Mahomes no more. I'm sorry. I was just about to say I can't, It Is, it's, it's interesting watching most of America say, yo, I'm Chiefed out. Yeah. Yeah. Because they didn't feel that way about the Patriots. Yeah, we Yes, Yes we did. More. More. Yeah. Way more. But the thing about the Chiefs, they're Little more likable the Chiefs than the Patriots Were not just that. The thing about the Chiefs is like Tom was going down there winning games don't, granted they cheated a little bit. Little little bit little Sprinkle the shit we see happen with Kansas City. It's like, come on, like you third and long, when you finally gotta stop here come a flag.


Yeah. People tired of that. And it happens too much where they just getting bailed out given that extra chance and now this nigga goes down and does some magic. Tired of seeing anybody name Mahomes. The brother, the mom, they whole family. They're sick of it. I'm Sick of, I'm just tired of take a year Off. What's The fourteens that's left? Buffalo? Washington. Philly. Washington Buffalo. Kansas City. Sorry. We got you. We here for you bro. Thank You. How you feel as a Giants fan seeing that NFC East? Oh, I don't, I don't the giant. Yeah. No, I would hate seeing two. I would hate North Teams. What I like that. I I don't like that shit. You know, for a long time they called, they called our, our side the Wackest side.


NFC East. NFC East. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all been that for a minute though? I mean, I don't know if you could say that anymore. Still could say it. No You can't. No you can't. I don't think it's warranted If you Say that. I don I don't think, I don't think it was really fair ever. There's been worse divisions Over the stretch of time. The NFC East was bad Overall. Nfc A FC South and NFC South have not been particularly great. Mm. Okay. NFC South just won a chip a couple years ago When Tampa. Okay, well Tom, yeah. Okay, Listen, I'm happy for Sanon. I'm happy for Seon. The Giants blew that.


I'm happy for Washington new ownership group. That's right. New GM coaches. New new coach, new quarterback. I'm happy anytime you could tell somebody put a plan together and you could see the results of it that Quickest. Yeah. Impressive for Washington. That, that, that provides hope. I'm always with providing hope. Can't wait for the games this weekend. No more on Kendrick and Ci. Any announcement, any of that. Right? Nah. I saw people saying, oh, there's so many clues in this. I I didn't see a clue. Yeah. Didn didn't y'all doing that Kendrick shit again. Y'all can have it. If you find one, let me know. The game is too close for me to care. Yeah, that's It. Yeah. We, I'm not about to examine this for clues. We got something. I'll see the halftime Show. Yeah. No we here now. What else? What else on the lawsuit? Hey, now say now one of my, my bag.


Hey now say now my, I heard the producer say that he was trying to make a West Coast version of I might have been Mustard West Coast version of Grinding. Oh yeah. Very stripped down. Yeah. And he played it for everybody and they all turned it down and Kendrick was the only one that saying, ah, Yeah hold up. Lemme Get that for a minute. And the funny thing is, because he, one of the people he said was yg. As soon as I heard the song I was like damn. I could hear yg The backyard, the yard Sell the whip on Whips off of heart. I wish they hurry up. Clips. Yeah. Word. Y'all. Jim Jones made 'em niggas slow down. All right. I'm just talking shit by the way. I Know, I know.


I don't want to see push verse Jim Jones. I'm just talking shit at all. But we Definitely want the clips have Yes. Hell yeah. It's all NEP tools too. Or all Pharrell. Yes, Pharrell. Yeah. Pharrell and Nigo now nigga replaced Chad with Nigo about 20 years ago. Nobody noticed. That's crazy. Just copping bas Just Everybody just running around with they bas on Poor Chad. Man. I fucking shooting shit up him. I'm Chad. Shout to Chad man. Oh yeah, shout to Chad. All right. More lawsuits. More lawsuits. We got Chris Brown versus Warner Brothers, Warner Brothers and some other company and some other people.


$500 million defamation suit for that hit piece that they put out on. What was that channel ID or something? I didn see. Oh yeah. Discovery. Yep. Oh, okay. Yeah. That's the parent channel. Yeah. So he's filing, he filed a $500 million defamation case against, still against Warner Brothers. Basically like you said, it was a hit piece. The, his lawyers alleging that this was just sensationalism and just bs. Yes. Yeah. Prioritizing sensationalism instead of generalistic integrity. And a part of that sensationalism is that the accuser basically stated that the sexual assault took place on Diddy's yacht. So that nice. We nice really nasty fraud to of the two cases.


Yeah. Yeah. You niggas is nasty. Yeah, you're nasty. Listen breezy, I'm down with this. These are the lawsuits I'm down for. Shoot them and take them for everything that you think they got. All they may have. Yeah, I'm Tired. Give that nigga a break. Go ahead Joe. And outside of whatever heinous crime may have been committed here. If I go to buy a yacht, I'm, somebody is getting fucked on it. Exactly. I'm just telling you something. They just did the, the boat show at, at Jacob Javits. You what? No, I seen it on the news. I was home feeling broke even though they got broke nigga yachts. But, but then when you look at the mother, them other yachts. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. The ones See Costa Rica, if you buy that yacht, someone, someone, some ones a few people.


Some ones and it's Happen Consensually Time. Joe Buttons talk about fucking It is consensual. No, I'm down with you. No, no. I'm just wanna Put the, if I'm talking about fucking, she wanted it first. She came on to your, she Was on your body. She was on your Body. She suggested let's go take It on the yacht. Is that your Yo Joe? Yeah. She Said, oh my God, I fucked on the yacht. Where's your bedroom? Are we just, are we just gonna stay in the living room? Let's do it On a helicopter pad. Fastas. Yeah, let's do it on a helicopter pad and have people watch us. I Love I love that Mel thinks it's so funny anytime we talk about like girls wanting us. No, I don't think it's funny at, at all. She think that's the funniest thing in the world. I don she Think she think niggas as much. Yes. I swear on that. Everything. It is fine. I swear on everything. I do not think that, Hey Rebecca, if I didn't work with these guys, I wouldn't be fucking Fuckers.


I wouldn't be near them. You See that fucking flip? You think? You think they'd never have my fucking phone number? True. But flip and flip with a yacht. Not the same. Not quite the same. That's true. Mel, you've been on some yachts, right? Yes. Ab Yes I have. How many actually? Well, big Pimping I feel like was the first one. We Do that. So wait, that doesn't count. No. You Yacht. You've been on some yachts recently. Was I on it? Off camera? Yeah, Off camera. Off pimping. Without, without, Without little x though. With just the drone. Little X was running around that whole yacht. Yacht. I'm, I'm sorry, Paul. I didn mean to say that I said off pimping by mistake. Just in case you hear it later. Okay. All right. Yeah. The Dr in Dominican Republic Nigga, get me on that.


Y'all put a little boy to men on Slowly. Thank You. Thank you. So Put some Alize, Some some hypnotic Alize. It is Crazy. Some old English yo man. Take his bulls farm here. Take his bulls farm. Huh? YI Love male. She don't give a fuck. Huh? You have Alize. Well fuck passion You have Alice. I'll take a thug. PEs and An incredible hu My buddy came. Come yourself. My buddy. Whatcha Doing right now? It Came out my came undone. Nah, that's, that's PRIs empty. That's what used to happen. Now the button is good.


Mel is cool. Mel being on a yacht, right? Yeah. Does it give a woman a a different feel being on like a a, a expensive yacht? Does it feel good being in the middle of the water? Like where does it take a woman's mind? Yeah, it feels, You ain't gotta say women. Plenty of niggas got fucked on yachts too. That's true. The Giants. Yo, my bad. That's what the crazy Ice, there was like a double entendre there. That's disgusting. Absolutely Crazy. When Trey songs took all the giants to the yacht in Miami, a day before the fucking playoffs. Nobody's life was the same. Neither. No, None after that. Nobody shout out to Trey songs. Got that. $11 million defamation, yada yada y dismissed.


Oh yeah, He did. Yeah. Okay. Shout out to you, Trey. I don't sound happy about it. No, I'm happy I when it comes to the defamations man, like we gotta, I'm in the middle because you know, when we talk about the Drake situation, We on one side and then, you know, so I gotta just make sure it's different. Definit reason, it's different. I know, I get it. I, I'm just learning. I'm only not on Drake's side because of where this I stems from and that he utilize And he also utilize the same tools that he, he's, he's weaponizing. Yeah, he's weaponizing. Exactly. Yeah. That's the carey part of it. Yeah. For me. Other than that, get your money. Do what you want. Listen, I, I imagine how it feels to think that you getting 800 million and then it'd be cut down to three.


Yeah, I might, I might look for a lawsuit so I empathize with him. But part of, part of being a winner is know how to lose. Mm. Part of being a winner. Know how to lose done Nigga niggas. Look, look what happened, nigga. I ain't lost too many rap battles, so I can't, I can't speak for it. How many rap battles? Drills like two. And even anyone that I lost, I was broke. So, I mean, I didn't really, I didn't really lose nothing. If you let me tell her Lil B. No, that's A fact. Lil B ended me real quick. FTE at the radio station. I'm, I always look at ice fussy. I mean, mama, I'm rest.


Peace Mte. I owe Sote. Yeah, I owe FTE a little something. I retired too soon. I, I retired still with a list, with a list of niggas that I owe. And I was gonna get 'em back on the comeback. But the comeback, I don't know. Never haven't, yeah. Come back all this because you was supposed to come back this year. This was 2025 came too soon. Yeah. This was your year to come back 2030 now. God, no. After they finished regulating what's going on out there. It is, It is too. It's too, it's too muddy out There. You could be the one to change the game though. I already changed the game. How many times I gotta change it again. What is this like a Rubik's Cube? Yeah. How many times? All, how many times do I have To change the game quick? The music business is kinda like a Rubik cube. One side.


Right. And then yo, you really, yo, you really self in, in like, I watch you son. Well I know you watch. Yeah. What Did you see me do? Because you feel no, I kill some shit. Not like that. I'm just saying, you put your hands on shit and shit. Just go skyrocket in. That's your bag. Like I, I went to watch like Drake was around you before praising you nigga. Now look, I I know how you think. Huh? The power of the Joe. I know. How you think you think like that? I think like what? Like, you know, nigga looked up to me. He was around me. Nigga had him around me. And then after he, he left from around me. Nigga went and shot up to, to shout out the world nigga. The Joe button hand and the Joe button. Fucking whatever that is. Like whatever It is you fucking give out there and put out there. It's a halo effect. He is the Midas touch.


He got the mid thing trying to. Yeah. Same thing with flip yo flip. Throw yourself in it. He was, yeah, I got to, I Got to get a shit. He your Own biggest cheerleader. Yeah, but what I'm saying is that I, I got you a Mel back pocket again. See I don't get, I don't get the credit for it. But When I found Mel, I am constantly, Nigga Mel was on the slide. Girl was like, she give you props, Yo, I give you prop all the fucking signs. Mel was like this on the slide. You know the slide, Mel was that? Be Careful. I'll make you cry right now. Shit Cry right now. Yeah, my numbers is up. Get it off. Hit it off. Oh yeah. She could end them. She could end them. Right. Tell me no, we're not gonna do it.


I will fry both of y'all up right now. If she don't get it off. I, no, I want to get my jokes off. Onel was like the abandoned baby at the firehouse. She was like that dusty rescue cat rubbing her head up, up against the door. God. But that's how you think somebody's touched up, bro. Girl, you don't get me. I can tell. Couldn't do it without you guys. You just think you got the Midas touch though. Yo, later in this podcast, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm only speaking to my cast through poems and poetry. None of y'all do this. None of y'all will get it. None of y'all will understand why. 'cause it broadcast is too big. But I'm noticing a new trend out there where people speak to their co podcast, co-hosts through poem.


And I like it. I didn, I I haven't seen never that. I never saw that seen. I didn't See that. I didn't See that. So you went and wrote some poems about us. Aw Oats. Gimme an example. Gimme an example. Poems about y'all. Or some poems about some poems acting like him doing the poem, doing whatever he was doing it for. I'm messy. I'm a messy bitch. Oh man. You talking the other nigga that got fired. I don't know what he talking about bro. I don't pay attention. Duke. Gimme an example. The road Has been dark. The nigga did that. I watched that shit. You gimme these monologues in the beginning. You know life, life is like a box of chocolate. And I didn't know what I was gonna get until I got it. You boom Yo.


Until I got it. And then when I tasted chocolate it was obviously poisoned 'cause it was handed to me by people that I put work for. The Road was dark. Opportunities far and few. You fired me. I can tell that you're emotional. Orange you While drinking orange juice. Get it orange. That's orange juice. Holy shit. What a messy bitch. I'm getting back to my messy bitch shit later. So anyway. Yeah, I got y'all popping now y'all live making all the money in the world. Looking good. Looking good. Smelling good out here Nigga.


We came in getting Off. Y'all came in here Shit off as tax problems. As a times Came in here. Cars getting repoed. The moving company wouldn't move. She was Homeless. Let's, she have no clue. Let's talk from the another side nigga from me and Mel side. I get shit up. Came in here, gave you adrenaline nigga shit. Jumped up and skyrocketed it. Nigga flipping mail nigga. Boom. In your nigga it jumped up. Get in your, you know what I'm saying? For real. Yeah. Nigga subs going up and everything went up. You know, I was even counting. And then you had to put a new law in place. Yo, these numbers and shit don't matter to me. Then you started getting, then you started getting semantical with me and it was facts.


You see these numbers, they don't matter. What do you gotta bring to the table nigga? How can you make this broadcast be listenable to the listeners? That's What makes it Enjoyable to the listeners. That's what makes it a good working relationship. We get each other lit. Yeah. I appreciate You. We get each other lit. But I, I learned that's how you think though. I learned that you look around like you don't really Yeah. It is just a lot of shit that you touch end up flying, flying away. That's why you to, By the grace of God for this very small window of time, man. Yeah. That's why I had always be appreciative. Be humble. Mm. That's why when improper was popping the last episode, I had to stop it. 'cause you know you, you too powerful man. You too powerful.


Get your hands off me. Pause. I got you. I love you. You wanna take some shots at that nigga? Yeah. Man. Show. No, no, no, No, no. I I'm, I'm gonna Let 'em listen because you still had to quote me for your spike. Right. Hey, Regardless when be said, hey camera on me. Regardless what my sisters, she had to call, she had to call the king for help. Oh. She had to call the king for help. We ain't get this. She, she still caught me. She had to call the yo. Hey flip. I need your help. I still had a hand. I still have a hand. This hand in hot and barber twist Behind every good Woman podcast Let you live. There's men. It's flip. Keep it real, man. I'm gonna let you live, man. I didn't help. Yes, yes, you, you did. Yes you Did. Glorious nigga. You helped me too. I I I know you helped me a lot.


She's very reciprocal. Yeah, but you very reciprocal. Yo, I don't have all the details on whatever beef is brewing with that tonight's conversation podcast. Ooh, That shit's getting juicy. I don't know what that is. Sorry, what the hell Is that? It's Getting fucking juicy. I'm sorry. I'm Sorry. Oh, It is juicy. I'm not Familiar. It is Happening. Tonight's conversation is that podcast with the, It is a ensemble of guys, men and women. Okay. Touring, giving relationship advice. Oh, It sounds like a mess already. But they, they, it was a pretty good show. I wanted to check out their live show when they came to New York. I always just missed it. But really popular. A lot of clips going around from the relationship advice they got.


They got their issue over there. The light-skinned nigga with the beard. That's always saying Trip fontine Slow down there. She know everybody. I Be knowing, you know, You know his name. Yes. I be knowing, like I watched, as a matter of fact, I was asked to do one of the New York Shows. Oh, they want you to give relationship advice shut. Oh my God. That's fucked up. Sorry. What? What you just gonna go? Just what you gonna Go do? It's sometimes it's life advice. Ah, some it's more than just relationship talk. So anyways, anyway. One of the girls apparently allegedly is fucking one of the dudes. You got more.


That's what happens. I did when y'all start touring. Yeah. Well, I see, I be wanting to say that about podcasters. 'cause podcasting is like a fairly relatively new thing. Some of y'all with successful podcasts are not used to and accustomed to hitting the road. And what that means when you gotta look at temptation in every city ain't easy. Temptation too layup. They throwing, it's right there throwing panties at you, fucking, fucking Your own cast Following you to your room. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, you get get in these cities and people start throwing some pussy at you. Maybe your own coworkers take a little bit. It get rough. I'm hearing it. Some people wasn't getting paid.


Yeah, man. Oh, it's a juy. That'll do it. It is a juicy blow up. But I don't have all the facts, so I'm waiting. And when I get more You're gonna be messing. So it You're queuing up. Yeah. Freddie Mercury. There is a video out right now that, that was made by one of the members. One of the members. Shut the fuck. She was too dramatic. One of the members who has left her name is Keita Rose. Okay. And she is lining it up to where it's going. People are gonna follow because she's doing that whole storytelling thing. One, you had a 50 Part thing. Oh Yeah, exactly. But it's working because the first video that she dropped, I was like, no Fucking Way.


Just all the insinuation. So it was just weird to see like, kind of like this mass exodus from tonight's conversation and no real reason as to why. And now it's starting. Niggas have sex. Yo, Could you believe that people didn't do a pod together? Like would end up fucking though. Niggas Crazy have sex. That's a Strange. Niggas don't get paid. Oh shit. Yes. Niggas let's go. Niggas have sex. They do. Sometimes you just, you could be working with somebody and cannot wife You cannot and should not. Fuck. Hold On. Where it should get messy. You could be working with somebody. Shit in your life could be going be stagnant and you could just look across or look to the side. Nah, you got a nice little show, never having to drink at the bar afterwards.


You look, you look kind of good. And then yeah, your niggas go outside together, you know? Yeah. For a group outing. Yeah. Share a moment Then some DNA Yo. Share a moment. He worse than you. That nigga's catch. He he shouldn't Even, I shouldn't be competing to him at all. No, You right then. Like I have some class. Terrible. When niggas catch it. You too. Have Some Clint. Terrible. Get two Ps in the fucking pot. That niggas dumb down. Wait. Nah. Yes You are Melyssa Ford are Take it back right this second. Hey, you know the people that be doing it hold up. Do you the people that be fucking be the sophisticated ones, the ones that you, that you don't think is gonna fuck flip. Did you just hear this? Don't try to change my subject. Okay. I heard 'em. Yes. Okay.


I can't believe and You now you wrong too. I'm hurt and offended by that. Why are you hurt and offended that I said that? You two are peas in the Pod. My pea shouldn't cook in whatever pod he Cooking. Yo. You always say that. You see, you see some of you and me. Pause always. Yo. Yeah. Crazy. You light, you light his fire. Woohoo. All right. When I look at you, I see. Underdeveloped me. Okay, well that's a version. That is a version. Yo, nigga, you crazy. Hey, I'm gonna teach you a lesson this year. I'm gonna teach you a fucking lesson this year. You hear me? I don be I don't wanna be I apologize. Take it back. Take it back. Can't take it back nigga. When you hug me, nigga, I hear your heart nigga like, yo flip.


Thank God. Whoa, Whoa. There's a lot going on here. Right? But watch the Patreon nigga. This Is very romantic. Late night dinner. It is making sense now. Nah, no, but listen. Hey, tonight's conversation. I'm on y'all ass. I'm on y'all ass. And y'all niggas that be getting on stage with all that relationship talk, I, I already be thinking. Yeah, it's bullshit. Yeah. Home don't be. Yeah. Right. The ones with the talks, right? The ones with all the advice, all all advice. The ones with all the advice always be the ones that go against their own advice. And who better To match up than two people that are full of shit. Oh, two of the one to come. Oh. Oh wait. Please.


If any of y'all from that podcast want a big platform to shit on the people you used, used to work with, please reach out to myself, Cory, Paul Ericsson, Parks height, Melyssa flip please. We would love to have you. Absolutely. I'm such a messy You Love it. I Love it. I Love it too. You ain't changing It. You threw pink out for a reason today. You ain't changing. Hey, and in close it because you know we just blue press the breezy conversation. Enclo. I'm staying With Chris man. Yeah, same. Hey yo, It is e It is e Like I said, it's easier to put stains on a jacket that's already muddy. Leave that nigga alone. Let that nigga live his life. We was talking about it behind the scenes with Corey. You know Chris has had, you know, he, he might have not reached the height where he wanted to be, but he has had a great career at the same time.


Please let the nigga live and mind his business. You niggas out there that's reaching for fucking straws and grasping for air enough is enough. You try to intertwine the two with puff and shit like that. Oh, the puff going down. Let's take him down. No enough. Let the young man live and I hope you learn your lesson. Every story is not worth, every story is not worth this. Chase A new puff body pop up every day Word. Yeah. Like come on for like six months straight too, right? Yeah. Yeah. He's got a, he's got a lawsuit that we'll touch on later. Also, there was changes made to the Jay-Z suit. We'll get to the lawsuit later. Enough. Enough lawsuit. We got a lot. I'm, I'm lawed out. I want to have fun. It's a weekend. I'm in a good mood.


Save the rescue cats. You know what I mean? Dusted them all. Fed 'em. Yo. Why got 'em some clothes. Yo. Yo, here's yo, yo, yo. You know what though? You can't do that. You don't throw shit in the face If you did help because you helped one of us more than the other. And if you did, I ain't pointing elbows. If you did help one of us more than the other, you can't just throw it in our face. That's true. Nigga. This shit is that. That's a area that this shit is just, He just called us rescue cats. Yeah, This is reciprocal. This shit was delayed. I thought he had adopted some cats. I was like, that's so nice.


Oh, Mel, He called us the aristo. Everybody, everybody be here a cat. I'll fucking take It. She's so happy to be a cat. I'll, Alright, now it's Time for, huh? Sorry, but she, she ain't going nowhere. Yo nigga. I remember one time Mel thought you was bringing somebody else to replace her. You can't get rid of the rescue cat. She had a plan. Don't want you. That's drama. And I asked one time, I said, man, how long you plan on being here? She forever, forever. Remember we asked Mel, she was like, yo, if, how about we bring like another lady up here in support of you? She was like, Fuck that bitch. Hell no. No. She wasn't with that. Yeah, we ain't with that girl's girl. Shit. Fuck they think we doing. No, not a girl's girl At all. I love girls.


That's not girls girl. Shout out To y'all. I hate that. I hate the fucking title. Shout out to y'all. There are, there are some bitches. I don't fucking like that makes me shady bitches that says I'm not a girl's girl then Fuck that I'm not. Oh Shit. And your man and your man. He messy too. I know I'm messy. Your man. Carlos, Carlos King Santana. Oh Yeah, that, that did the interview that, that did all that shit. So he, he interviewed Princess Love now. Okay. And Princess Love just will not shut the fuck up. Oh, you Guys are the world. Are you talking about Ray J's wife? Yes. Yeah. Excellent. Carlos King is the dude that did the interview with Takara and then Mel and she, he does the Messy girl. Yeah, the messy girly interview. He's, he's like the reality show. EP comes up with really good shows And Girls go up there and they really be wanting to get shit off, but they can't say it so they let him say it and then they reply.


So Princess Love is up there getting off all types. Oh yeah. You dated Floyd. He was the greatest. And I used to date such and such. And then Rej was mad. And it's like she up there just spilling anything. Princess. Yeah, Yeah. Anyways, Tyra from my favorite part of the show Prize. Oh, no way. Hold up now. Hold up, hold up, hold up. That, that girl from tonight's conversation just put out another part. She did. She just put out another part. Me and Mel was over here being messy bitches. Look at y'all faces. Y'all excited at this shit. Yeah. So they like, they love this Shit. I love this because I was looking at the video on male phone and then somebody text talking about you a real one.


Oh, back to that whole Real Talk thing. Maybe Knowing Yeah, you know what, you stop Real Talk. We get it bro. Real Talk. And I, I I don't do pocket watching none of that shit. No more. 2025 is over. It's over. No, no, no. But we get it. Like you Rubbing it. And I heard you say that you got five floors in your crib. I do. But we, you and an elevator. I do. You rubbing it in because when you first started the prospect, A how many floors You have before you go? He said an hour here. Said, he said, gimme the hour Parks. He said, bro, he was precise. Now a nigga stop in, in the middle of the ad and talk about something else. Yeah, project. Hold on nigga, Because I don't want to come back to, to tonight's conversation. So stop. I wanna just get it out the way and then get into my prospects. But in part two, this young lady and I would play the clip, but she's a little too dramatic in the explanation. Okay. So I won't, I'll save you the time.


But she, now she's talking about fighting over ip. Who created this thing? Oh, where it started. Those are the fights you like My favorite fights, I'm not gonna lie to you, fighting over IP because You get perpetuity. Favorite thing to fight with You perpetuity. Well, no, it's my favorite fight because typically if I'm involved in it, that that's mine. Yeah, I know. If I'm involved in whatever the IP fight is, I got a good case for proving that I came up with that shit. Oh yeah. Nigga is over there. Send that. Send that check my account. Oh yeah. Okay, good. That's you, you, you don't care about none of else. Send, send, send that portion


Now PrizePicks. Yeah. And there we Go. PrizePicks. Very important. Shout the gang. Gang over there. Yeah. All right. It is playoff time and I couldn't be happier. We getting down, we down to the final four. Only four teams remaining playoffs. Now Playoffs or never. You could be Jerry Rice, Tom Brady or you could be Mark Andrews. Ooh, Ooh. Who you know again, shout out to the good, the good fans of Buffalo. Buffalo. Yeah. Donating to Mark Andrews charity, whatever charity he has, they raised over $80,000 for him. Wow. They did the same with, they did it with Tua. Hamlin. They did it with Hamlin. They did it with Tua. Yeah. The Buffalo fans, they show out. They do. They show out. Shout out To my Buffalo people. Nothing to do with like losing three Super Bowls in a row that make you just appreciative for everything. Alright, so it's play off time and it's now or never. Don't miss out on the best place to win real live cash while watching the playoffs. You can now win up to 1000 times your money. Grab a calculator if you're bad at math. Only on PrizePicks. And PrizePicks now offers MasterCard for quick and easy deposits. Four games left. My picks should be really simple. Give me scary Terry for more than 80 receiving yards. If the commanders have a chance, he for them to have a chance, he has to do that. You gotta go off. Gimme Josh Allen for more than 200 passing yards. Gimme Saquon Barkley for more than 90 Rush yards. And give me The Chiefs is scary. I don't, I don't want to pick nobody off the Chiefs. They scary. Take The free pick. What's the free pick They got Jayden Daniels for half a yard is a win. 99% off. Alright. We definitely adding Jayden Daniels for half a yard. Yeah, that's easy Money. That's Easy money. I think he'll get that. And you know what, give me, I'll take Patty, I'll take Pat Mahomes for more than 200. More than 200 pass yards. I will. I don't like picking anything from the Chiefs, but I'll do it. I'm chiefed out. I am. I hope to stay last weekend playing this year. Even though it would be nice to see the first Threepeat in Football. No it wouldn't. That shit would not Be nice. It'd be nice to witness some history there. No, I know, I know what comes with that Threepeat. I don, I don't want that part. What comes with it? That conversation ain't gonna start up That conversation's here already, but, But now it's Cemented solid Pat Mahome needs is to have a tuck rule named after him. And then, then we then we talking. That conversation is, I understand here already. If I'm ice ice, I would be suing Taylor Swift for hanging out with Kaitlyn Clark. Like how did I get kicked out of the sky box? What happened? Where did I go wrong? Them first week numbers came back. Taylor was like, oh no we don't do this. No we don't. No, no, No, no. Send her back. We even The Bronx Then they came out with a new ice spice from the Bronx. I I Saw her. Yeah. She was hosting at the strip club I was at a couple weeks ago. The Tall girl. Yeah. Tall Ice Spice. Yeah, with the, she too young for us to say that. Leave it. I'm sorry. I mean shut the fuck. Anyway, if you download the app today and use promo code JBB, you get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat download PrizePicks, write this second and please now is the time to use promo code JBP and you'll get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


Fur. Look like you about to rob us. I ain't, I Was. You can't walk in hell like that. Like that. Don't do that Nigga crazy Fern. You look like that. What's that? What's that thing called? The the sheisty? Yeah. You ain't even write your man pooty. That was ice man. You ain't sending him no commissary facts. You ain't write him nothing. Facts. Yeah I just want you to put music out. That's all. That's what I'm saying. You, you the niggas can't Ty first song when he get back It is gonna be crazy and even crazier If Dirk is locked up, When is he coming home? Next year. Next year. Whenever you come home. I won't be in whatever strip club he goes to. I know that much.


Gimme the music. I'm outta here. Yeah, just give that's gimme a slap or something. Gimme the music and that's it. Speaking of gimme the music. All right, here we go. Throw it back. Let give you that Fat Juicy. I like the shit freeze Brand new Sexyy Red featuring Bruno Mars. The video is out now. Also featuring Lady Gaga and some lady named Rose. Rose Titties on your forehead.


Titties on titties. Titties with my big friends. Do sexy do it. Put your As into it. Oh my God. Look At flip. He jamming Love this shit is his shit Outside. I throw it back, I'm gonna throw it back. Let give you that Fat Juicy and wet juicy. I don't even gang S good set. He got the Cali B bite freeze Kitty Big freeze Hate, hate, hate Bruno Mars doing his YG impression. Yeah Like what do we, what do we want?


Freeze. Go Ahead. Flip almost time. I like the record about that Bruno Mar. Yeah I did. I Think they're jump, I think they're jumping on the the west coast wave West coast wave right now. Like I Think they're trying to cross a rover. This feels like a attempt to, I think they grabbed another hand of shit and threw it at the wall. Threw at the wall To see if this one would stick. Yeah, That's what I think they did. Yeah. This is Supposed to be a strip club anthem. Would you say that this is a strip club anthem? I think this shit's gonna work. It is the crazy part. It's it probably will work. Yeah, I still that don't change. We have a lot of different conversations at once so let's slow down. We will it work? Yes. Yes. We they're they're gonna hit the button on it. They're gonna hit the Page before this to work. They hit the button before it Dropped.


Yeah, they did. The video says that the feature says that the cameo says that Larry Jackson and all of his relationships say that this song is going to work. Now where it will work is a whole different thing. I don't know if, if Gary Indiana is playing this in the strip club out there. I don't, I also don't think it was made for that. It's weird 'cause it seems like it would, the attempt is to make it like a broader whiter for lack of a better term audience. But I don't know if like content wise if that's gonna work. I don't, that's one of my main problem. I'm Sorry sir. You trying to say that again? That's one of my main problems with it. And I'm not trying to be cousin Walter, I'm not trying to bring race into everything.


But However, as I age, race does have a lot to do with shit. It does. So because I'm black, I'm mad at, I can hear this song is formulaic. Yes. And I have a problem with the formula used to attract black listeners versus the formula used to attract a white audience. And this is yet another clear example of that. When Sexyy Red, when it's time to sell a mixtape or, or get shit popping in the hoods ground level where you need it to be. It's a whole bunch of pull my tampon out, fuck me in the ass world. It's a whole bunch of just raunchy.


It's the Raun ast nastiest shit that works because we the people, we like that shit. Okay. There's a little bit of that in this song. I'm about to say It is. It is here. No ain't milk mustache. That's when you pussy milk mustache writing my name, my autograph and squirt Stop that. That ain't, that ain't nowhere near any lyric that I've heard in Sexyy Red records. That is the whitewash version. A Sexyy Red Little but it's still Graphic. Still Graphic. Graphic. Yeah. It's still Graphic. It's still graphic. It's nowhere near as graphic as any Sexyy Red because they're trying to cross her over. You find this type. You can't cross her over as completely vulgar as as we know her to be. You gotta kind of dress it up a little bit. Do you find this type debatable, vulgar, debatable. I think that shit, that shit that's attractive to black people can work and can cross over Kaya my neck, my back.


Mm Okay. Is a crossover record. It is, It is. It is. Nothing whitewashed about it. So I do believe that that could take place. I don't think that you need to. But that was organic though. Yeah. There wasn't a button pushed. We talking about the company. No, it was still a button pushed. It Was a little bit still a button pushed. I'm talking about the company going in There. Whitewashing Black saying we got this, we have One. No, no, no, no, no. Do it this way. No that, but they didn't go in and say we have one. 'cause Sexyy Red didn't go in the studio and make this and make this record independently. She went in there from what it sounds like with a writing camp with somebody to do it. It's Alberto Buro, Buro is producer. All That shit. Yeah. Get this shit the fuck outta here. Now again, not saying it's not gonna work, but I'm calling code switching when I see it.


This is a nasty caricature code Switch switching more Bruno Or her. That's a great question. That is a phenomenal question. I never heard Of rap before. Why is Bruno Mars rapping And if this is the new Bruno Mars we getting, 'cause again, he did his whole funk era. If this is Bruno Mars, I'm, I'm cool, But this ain't about to be See and that's my other product. That's why Parse question is phenomenal. I'm cool. Bruno Mars will probably never rap again. I hope not. But we don't know that. We don't. Except probably Because again, he gave us funk. Bruno Mars. He did Silk Sonic, which was He stole from somebody else. So now this might be Bruno Mars. Today I'm, I'm calling a spade of fucking spa.


He gave us the funk. No, he stole Funk. No, I'm saying what his project was For. He he stole funk. They whitewashed funk. They needed a black person. Insert Token Anderson pack. And now we got a vibe here. So now the This, and I like some of them records, but eventually we gotta start calling a spade. A spade Atlantic is using Bruno Mars. Bruno Mars. I didn, I want Bruno Mars to fucking pay his $50 million debt or whatever he owed that fucking casino. Casino. Because I like Bruno Mars music. Me too too. Him when he's him 24 Karat. And even that we could say It is a Jack, but I won't. It is. I I know, but I won't say that because he had a few those in the row feel that more Album.


I've been locked outta Heaven. Like Be yourself dog. I don't want to hear Bruno Mars and Sexyy Red. I don't want to hear Bruno Mars and Anderson pop. I don't want to hear that shit. Go, go. When's the last Bruno Mars album? 24. Kara, that was the last one. I wouldn't have been Mad at this if he would've been Bruno Mars and brought her in. Even if it was over the same beat. Like if you would've just done some brutal mar shit on there and then Yeah. Seen and, and this beat is white people boomba It? No, it's white people mustard. Yeah, yeah. Which I'm calling white people Boomba. Yeah. Yeah. It's fucking Tommy Riches. It's all of those white Peoples. Let me, let me start with, I hate this record. I don't want to sound like I'm defending, like I'm, I'm cheating. Me too.


This record. You sexy. I like this record. I Hate this shit. Freeze. I hate this. Lemme start. You like pop shit though. Yeah, but let that let her transition. Shit. I Got white people tattooed on. Yeah, But let her transition. Like do, do we not, do we want her to stay in the box forever and then we are gonna be talking about two months from now, three months from now she's washed up, let her go to the next level. That's how I look at it. Let them cater her or present her to a new audience for new ears so she can go to another Level. I'm not mad at that. I just also like black people being presented as black people and black music. Lo rilla ain't do this. But it was a time before when we was looking Atilla, like She ain Illa put out one record where we was like, s that sound on.


That's not, wait, that's not how that happened though. It wasn't just for that reason. It was because Sexyy Red popped off. Let's talk about, People started to say, oh shorty 15 minutes is up because we got a new one over. Exactly. And what she did, and then she heard y'all. Oh yeah. No, she she was in that group chat. Absolutely. She turned Up. She turned up. She turned up. She did. You know, jts comments about, But what did the turn up look like is all I'm saying Work, work, Work. And Organicness. And she doubled down and who she was on her sound and who she was. So granted, if you want to take this route, Sexyy Red in in response to you. I'm not mad, I'm not mad at that being your decision, but I'm mad at what it looks like. I am mad at what it looks like and what it sounds like. Nobody Dissects it like you sir. You dissect this shit. Nobody dissect. Well that's why I started the podcast because there wasn't enough people that were musicians talking About shit.


Shit. Yeah. To speak from a musician. POV Got it. I no, nobody is gonna talk like that because we just, we just listening to shit. We just listening to shit. Nobody's hearing as we go about our day. You don't hear something and be like, oh damn, how was sound invented? How did this sound sound come up? Like nobody's getting that diabolical. Yeah. Got This shit here. And, and, and listen, my girl intended it to me. All the kids are gonna love this. See that was, I'm certain that one of y'all strip club DJs in New York that don't really know how to DJ are gonna play it. For sure. And I'm sure one of them bitches that don't speak English, that just got here off a boat. It is gonna try to get a dollar from me when it come on.


LIOs. Yeah. I'm It is deceit. You can't, you can't s I don know freedom. No, there's a lot of shit going on. We Talk about that. Bruno Mars said pussy so pussy so good. Make me want to gang bang. Make me throw up a set. Set. Yeah. It's crazy. That shit is Wild. I'm sick of, and again, maybe I'm getting too deep with this. My same point last week with Donald Trump using his mugshot to score the black relate black people. Yeah. I don't like that part. This is the same thing to me. So you shot, I don't think I, I want, I want there to be a day where white people or Bruno Mars and his people don't feel like in order to attract us, they need to, they need to start talking about gang bang, gang banging.


I see what you're Saying. So to answer Parks's question, Bruno Mar is the one that is the codes for what's Ethnicity? What is he? I don't know. He he's A mix of black fucking Isn't he black? He's some shit. He's something I Don know. I don't know. Yo, what I, What I don't what I don't get about this Yo. 'cause again, once the label, once the labels start pushing buttons on shit, freeze no. You know, radio play and all of that comes into play. So I'm like, I went to listen to the clean version. Yes we did. Because I was like, I have to hear the clean and see how they're gonna try to play this song on radio and shit like that. I don't see this, it, it not like a whole different song. Freeze. You said you know what they're doing and that's what they're doing. They're ping to the, to black people by by using he's Filipino lyrics.


Puerto Rican and Jewish. To answer your question, he's he's what? Filipino Puerto Rican. He ain't black at all. Look. Yeah. Hey, to answer your question, Puerto Rican black. Oh. According to Wikipedia. Okay. Change a little bit. Bruno Mars, I'm I'm a few seconds from getting you the fuck outta here. I ain't gonna lie. Can't, Can't, can't get him outta here. He has too much. Well when I say that I'm only speaking about my talent too many hits. I'm not talking about, I'm not in control of with the all stuff. Oh. Got saying. Okay. Got it. But for me too many hits. Yeah, Please. I I hate this shit bro. Me too. I'm, I'm sorry. I absolutely hate it. I hate it. Yo Joe. I'm not mad at it. Hate, I'm not mad at the attempt of trying to cross the Sexyy Red over while still keeping her vulgar. I'm not mad at that. What? This Shit just, the execution is so forced.


Yeah. Even though yo they have a strip club anthem coming like even that Sounds Almost like an SNL Ski right? It's Gentrified. It is this shit. It's like a parody. It's like a parody of itself. Yes. You know what I mean? Yes. Even Bruno Mars tweeting Sexyy Red. You ready? Yeah. I hate all of that shit. This shit is gonna come on in one of them spots. That shit might go crazy in the white strip club now. But that's what I'm saying. It's for them. That shit is gonna go absolutely crazy. Fucking the the West coast is hot club. The Cardboards, no. Prescott gonna lose her mind when this come on. Prescott. The cardboards Flip said the West Coast sound is hot right now. Yeah. Okay cool.


Let's, they just, this is just a numbers game from the, from the label. Okay. That's what's moving the needle right now. Let's go grab that. We ain't got nobody dropping music. Hey Bruno Mars our A act. Yeah. You Go pair with her because science process. She yeah, she, she got the streets or she, You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. We gonna put y'all together and here we're gonna make a commercial hit out of this. I hate this shit bro because the say something The white girls have fat Pussy lips Sometimes. Yes. Sometimes The big white Big P Richard just not fat mouth lips. So they got fat pussy lips in they mouths. It is fuck. Alright, nevermind. Can I say this?


Y'all can't tell that this is Sexyy Red this. Oh my god. This shit could be the Z GAC actress Even that right. Do it sexy. Do It sexy. Do it. It's like a weird Al Yakovich Strip club. A Bruno Mars was able to do with Sexyy Red that Drake wasn't able to do when they try to line up with him. Bruno Mars was able to do that with this record. That's how I feel. They try to line Drake and Sexyy Red up Drake co-sign and all that stuff. It was good. Sounds Record was trash too. Was cool. It was cool but it's not this, It Is gonna work. I'm the only person that called it trash. It worked a little bit because when the labels press a button and it's been enough money and you hear it enough. It's programming. It's all program. It is.


That record was trash. This record is trash. Again, shout to Gamma for putting the money up to, I wonder know how much Bruno got paid for this. Oh, Too bad. Produced and wrote And I, I wanna know how much In the video and That will provide a lot of clarity. Whose song is this? It says hers. It says, and I think, Oh, they got EP coming. I don't know. They got a project coming together. Sweater. They better not Bruno Mars. Man, I don't know. You, you my man. Yeah, it Says and I don't, yeah, Bruno Mars is my man. So I'm I'm I'm gonna watch my words 'cause I, I am a fan of his because I don't like the Silk Sonic into this run.


I don't go make your own album. I have a question Two. Why do you think that two popping people don't work together like Bruno Mars and Drake? Right. Why haven't they, why didn't they come together and make a song from your professional point of view? In my opinion, when two popping people don't come together. Yes. It's because the business doesn't align. Got it. Okay. So you talking about like on the back end, Whoever's on your team, whoever's on your team, whatever label you on, whatever label you on, two artists might not just like, might not like each other, might be competing, might, might, might not feel like they need each other.


Like you talking about two names to where Bruno walk in the studio, you don't feel like you need nobody. Same with Drake. True. Got it. True. Okay. And Drake had the weak weekend in the talk. If I had the weaken in the talk, I might never call Bruno. Maybe. Yeah man. If you had to make a perfect song and you had to choose between Weaken and Bruno, who do you pick Weekend? Bruno? I Bruno Weekend. I like weekend better. But Mel We talking about for a hit purposes. Yes. You need a hit weekend. You need a hit. Oh Bruno, Bruno Bars. Mel, Bruno, Bruno, flip Bru, Bruno, Bruno Weekend. I'm going weekend too. Why? Who's Bigger Weekend, weekend, weekend Bigger than Bruno.


But depends on Where. Depends on where you Ask. Yeah. That's saying currently I think Weekend is one of the most streamed artists but ever. Yeah. Not period. Corey Who sold more records and then we can move. I wasn't trying to bring this up like a topic. I think Weekend is sold more records. I think Weekend is like a lot bigger than Bruno. Yeah. I don't know that 'cause I'm not fact checking, but I see everybody get their phone out so y'all get it off. I'm just trying to, I think Bruno, I'm Think Weekend might be a lot bigger than Bruno by Bruno Has Bruno done stadiums? Yeah. I mean shit. He did super. No, no. See It is back to that. No, I'm talking about Stadium Tour, his Tour. Oh, has his tour been a stadium? 'cause I'm looking and just trying to double check and I don't think so Weekend is touring stadiums Dolo.


Hmm. Bruno sold a lot of fucking records. He only has three albums. One's seven times Platinum One's six times Platinum one's three times Platinum. Oh that's A lot. That's a fucking lot. And the Silk Sonic Shit is also platinum. The weekends highest selling album is what? Gimme one second. I don't think it was seven times. Nothing. Yeah, I don't know. Seven times a lot. That's A lot. It is a lot. What record was that? That's 24 Karat. That was The first one, which was Doops and Hooligans, which had sold more than Grenade. Just the way you are. Okay. Marry You Weekend's highest is 2.3. Damn that Seems low. Yeah, The Weekend is has been named the world's most popular artist by Guinness World Record.


I guess it Sounds like Apple's an orange. Yeah, A little bit. Yeah. Sounds like apples and oranges a little bit. Alright. Alright. What else we got in music? What else do we have in music? I do wish Sexy Legs. Wait, Hold up. Beauty Behind the Madness is seven times Platinum. Seven times platinum. And then the one after that Starboy is six times Platinum Uhoh after Our is fourth fight is almost five times Fight back, Freeze Shit. His highlights album, which is the one he dropped after the Super Bowl, which was just like a greatest hits is 2.1. It is fight. It's A fight. It's a fight. It's a fight. Seven and a half. That's a good little, that's good. Little and then a follow up with a six and a not the worst. Yeah. It's not the worst Weekend's bigger artists though. I, I would say so. I would say so too. But it's, it does seem close. Yeah, it does seem close.


What else? What else? We got music. Come on. Y'all been dying to talk about Scar Scarlet? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I was going Tell a large audience who this woman is respectfully they gonna call you. I'm not, I'm not trying to be funny. They will call you Stop. She's a new artist. She's a new artist. So not many people may be familiar with her. She had a a, I would call it a, I guess a local hit record at the time it was the I'm from New York. New York? Yes. And in that she sounded like people labeled her a female DMX. Yes. And she's affiliated with Ruff Riders. Yes. So it was like, okay, we see what's going on here after that video and that song, more Wool over my eyes. That's, that's how it was.


You know, marketed Out, don't call nobody a female DMX again, please. That Part Agreed. You were saying Sound then it was kind of quiet after, after that particular song. And lately she's been doing these freestyles. Well it wasn't kind of quiet. She dropped a couple of records. No, it was quiet after. Yeah. But yeah, the records didn't, it Was quiet After outside of you, It's only you and your Far Rockaway buddies that, that know it love And Sabrina Carpenter and Scarlet in the same ways. You're you're an interesting person. Got it. Okay, good. But so then she started doing freestyles and the conversation about, listen, she's not a bad rapper.


Lemme start, she's not a a rapper. But in every video, every freestyle video she puts out, there's some wild shit going on in the background. Which is like, it's almost like I personally feel, I, I don't like seeing, Seeing what, like shit blowing up behind you. No one of 'em got a feed. What the fuck tweaking out your Old lady? I'm just, he said crazy shit going On Behind her. One of them, it could be anything. There's a theme in the background, Fucking cracking The hell out. Another one, there's a amputee in there going crazy to the, to the, to the freestyle. Another one, she has a girl wearing all white bending over with a red stain right in the middle between her legs. She, she's Trying to, she's trying to combine A french fry Drop. She's trying to combine bars for content creation.


We're catering to an audience to get more eyes on her to listen to her music. That's what she's doing. It's not working because you are act people are Yeah. You're getting eyes. If that's all you care about, you're gonna get the eyes. That's all they care about today. Yeah. Real Talk. But you're not trying. It translates, you're able to get, you're able to get a situation in deals. If you're able to show numbers and engagement on your social media, it translates to profit. It does. Okay. Well you, that's the goal. But you said she's trying to like put the the content shit up there and it Yes. Slip the bars. Hopefully people listen, no one's listening for the bars when they see these videos. They Aren't Are you reading the, I don't know. I mean outside of the people in New York that like her that are saying, Hey, she's dope.


They're saying that about everything. Hey, she can can she can actually rap. Like I just, I started with saying she can rap. You did. What's happening is you're putting these videos out and it's taking away from your rap ability. It is. No, nobody's focusing on your bars in any of these videos. Who to blame though? Do we blame now? We do we blame the consumer? Do we blame the label? We can't blame her. She's just trying to figure her way out. Figure out, figure it out. Like she had a, she had a record that was locally known like you said. And then now she, but Even that, hey, hey, let's start with that record. What attracted people to that record? The hard, was It Hobar? Yeah. Or was it, oh shit, she sounds like female DMX, Whatever It is. Then you hit a, then you, you know, Swiss come along, then you hit a, you, you, you may be stagnant.


So you gotta figure it out because in order for them to keep investing in you, you have to show some sort of popularity or people wanna watch you. We know this as in any business. And a lot of times you, you can take a, you can take a chance or you can show results. So Do you think this is a good chance that she's taken here? Do you think that this works Putting No, but I agree with flip that it, it probably isn't her fault. No. Not her fault Saying not I don know who to blame. It could be the the her man. I don know they didn't blame all of y'all that was taking pictures with her when she had her popping record out. Yeah. All of y'all. She's signed to Heavyweights. I think Mona's involved in that. Like you said Swiss, It is y'all job to go find a record.


Yeah. And and as a artist it's your job to figure out you and your team's job to figure out what your brand is and how you market that. I just, which I think is what she's trying to do with this. They keep trying to make her be cute. They keep taking her to Jimmy Jazz. No, that's not No for real. They taking her to fucking Dr. Jay's. You can't say that. That's I didn wrong. Oh yeah. You can't say that. That's nasty. I know, but stop. Go to Mo.


Gotta Moses. Yo he fool. Oh yeah. They killed taking to the Dr. Jays and putting on like clothes without holes, putting, putting her in clothes without holes and rips in 'em. Like do you know this girl's story, The story, like A story is what was attracting people Talk about how People don't even know that. Alright, well they moved the little amputee girl. That's my point. Kicked that girl to the, to the side of the row. But yo, let me ask you course she gotta Feed in the video doing all this shit. And But when you, when you That was a little funny. When you, when when you when No, that was kind of funny though. When you have a certain look right, when you have a certain looking shout to Scarlet man, her stories are amazing that she's beautiful. They're trying to see how, what would make the audience grab onto her or you know, what would, how can she attract the Audience?


The industry ain't figured out how to make women pop without sexualizing them. That's, that's, That's it. And then if you try to sexualize her that ain't going It is is not gonna work. They tried to do some shit where she was like, boom, niggas is twerking. That shit didn't work. You know what I'm so that, that's my girl. I rock with her. I'm dealt with it. I don't like what y'all doing Yo Wild. Yeah. Your niggas is wild for, for wanting to beat Scarlet. Niggas want to take it down. You niggas as nasty. Are you crazy? What? There's nothing wrong with us. You're very nice and beautiful. No, There's nothing wrong with that. That's what I'm saying. What I'm just saying. But they're try to sexualize Scarlet.


Like come on man. Yeah I think, I think that's, I think that's a wrong angle. And I think that when you watch Gorilla Sexyy Red and you see how they're popping, you try to figure out how can we integrate this into that to inter integrate her into that field. Fis that was what was stuck out on the, that's what they Did. Yo, Yo Joe Fis and Crackheads. That's crazy Now she ain't the first one to put fiends and crack heads in the video. Exactly. But I mean she highlighted 'em different. That that, that's my point. Yeah There you go. She highlighted. That's way to say Shorty with the all white. Come on. You think it make it a mockery of her and mockery of people do. Do you think that scar lip is put there?


You think by doing that it makes us as Par Back to the parody shit that we just talked about with sexuality So shit. Yeah, but if you love music like I do and you understand that it ain't black people running these companies when they trot black people out and the tricks that they tried to attract us to shit be offensive. I can See that. Yeah. The shit with the red Sell me her without the crack heads. I agree. You don't need it to attract black people. The amputees, the, the fake arrest video, like think more of us than that. And her story are powerful. Our dollar is worth more than that. Our opinion is worth more than that. Oh my god. It's sickening but I ain't, I ain't gonna race it out.


I ain't gonna race this out. That one's just Crazy to me. More so honestly to me it's because just the people that's involved with her. If I was, if I was that's why it's like Y'all, it's Lazy Switch is involved. I I would have her do some freestyles on classic switch beats have him in the video remaking the beat or so something like that to like oh shit. SW something. Yeah go rap with drag on over fucking down bottom or something. Me My nigga gonna hit. Yeah. That's hard. Yes. I thought the same. Dude, Something's hard. I thought the same thing. She'll kill that start. We love you man. Shout out to you. We support you. Yeah. We root for You while we're on the topic of female rappers.


Coly Ray. Shout out to Coly Ray and Benzino. I seen that shit. You said nigga, but I'm not in messy move right now. And you said That shit about me too. I'm gonna Get back to him. I'm gonna get back to you Benzino. Don't you worry about it. You on my list now. Gotta be in Trouble with my Man. Yo. Fuck Yeah. Man, I gotta fuck with you mans nigga. I'm, That's the toughest time today. It is. Something's up with me. It's up with me. I don't give a fuck what these niggas are talking about. But Coily Ray, now Coi Lee Ray announced that an a cryptic message on Instagram that she's been cheated on and it's absolutely devastating after Announcing that she's pregnant. Yeah. So I was coming in here to ask y'all, do y'all have an answer to why pregnant pussy is the best pussy to cheat on?


On? Yes. Well pregnant pussy is the best pussy to have And cheat on. So they say, why is that pregnant period, the time where niggas put they best fit on because they can't Get a good shape up because they can't move around And head outside to get some cheating done's. Quite a Couple reasons. Yeah. Now do y'all have any distinguished cast? They can't, they can't move around. Meaning Them woman. Oh yeah. They'd be wobbling around. Yeah. Yeah. They be wobbling around. They can't, she's Stuck in the house. Yeah. Yo, she wobbly. Wobbly. She can't get there fast enough. Yeah, she's tired. Her homos is playing Emotional. Yeah, That, that, that needs every reason. One right there. She needs More iron. Yeah. You could gaslight us. What does it, Mel? What make you tired? You need more iron?


I'm so tired nigga. She iron, She sleep through the whole night. Nigga, you could get your shit off. That's true. Sleep through the whole night. You get your shit off. That's a good point's. You cooking and maybe you Wanna like Smoke and drink a little bit before you know me can't. So now she a buzzkill. Yeah. Yeah. Well shorty in the spot. She would, she throwing him back. Batty. Batty. Shot a clock. I mean, Hey yo. Listen Joe. I mean I feel bad for the girl. I feel bad for her. But It is like, Listen, I just Brought it up to be ignorant. I know. That's it. I don, I don. Yeah. I don't have a real, you'd be ignorant with it. A real take on the matter. Shout to co ray. Shout to Trippy Red. We don't even know if he the person that cheated whether they were still together. We don't know nothing. Y'all Ain't say the real reason too though.


Y'all skipped a reason. But what? Because you know she pregnant. She look a little different. Oh shit. What do it mean? She Look, nah, living good. Stop it. I didn couple of Pregnant. She don't look like what you used to her looking like. I don Well I respect that. Look At, look at Mel. Look at Mel. Try to set something up. Nope. That's a trick question. Try to my man. I'm Nope, shout to anybody listening to this. That might be pregnant right now. Shout, shout to Dream. Do go through your nigga phone. Dream do Come clean. Come on. Come on your name. Someone come clean now she did The baby shot By herself. Hey. Hey, the internet got you girl. Don't do that. Dream doll. My girl. That's My girl. I think she's All the news Is Well now she looks amazing.


I'm just into the mess. No, you just like the mess. Oh No. Dream do girl. Dream Doll looks great. She's amazing though. That ain't never stop. Nobody from nevermind. But why would they put that out? Right? Like I saw pictures and videos from a baby shower and she was just standing there alone. Dude might have been busy. I hate that shit. Sometimes Baby showers are for the women. That's how they used to be. That's racist used. They Used to be. No, that's what they wasn't. That baby. They say that back in the day, men wasn't ever supposed to be at the Be No, it was her, her home girls, her family's and all of that shit Today. Now the men are not coming to the baby shower for different reasons. I felt so bad for her watching it because they played, they played, they played the quiet music.


You know they played the Titanic music and she started crying. Wait for real. Wait, What happened? Don't laugh. Tell me. You gotta tell me. They, they played music while she was standing alone in her baby shower. She covered her eyes and she went like this and she stood there and they would like try to play soft music, but it didn't. Why did they play a Titanic Song? I'm, I'm being, I'm I'm Exaggerated. Not the Titanic song, but they just played some type of music that's along those lines and Melancholy. Yes. Okay. And I'm like, damn, I just felt like, and then you see the compass. Where are you baby daddy? Me Bird come clean and she's standing There like this.


I ain't gonna lie. If you can't find your baby daddy and this song comes on to baby shower, you might, you might shut a few tears. No Child Joe. Yo Joe, You can't do that. You, I dj They put the Yo, that's fucked up Serato. This Was my shit. I said Fire Evan. Yes. Are you crazy? Shit. Let's go Mel Show. Talk to him quick. This This Real Talk.


Come on. Sally pitched up Amani. Oh. Be with tears. Look at Mel. Look at Mel. I feel like you have some Evanescence albums in your collection. Oh, fuck yeah. Evanescent Lincoln Park. Yes, it was that. It was a moment. Man, let them know your bag ma. I got a lot of Bags. Well I know the moving company almost had all of them. Yo.


And you know that story is a unique one. Hmm. It is a unique one that you utilize the white man to help you get out of that. This is a unique one. Wait, Hold on. Wait. What? Just, I'm just saying if you think about the story, the shit you get away with, that's why I love you With the moving s talking about I tried to do that. I tried to do that. Yo, I got five boxes, end up with 30. Them niggas left that shit right there. You heard I tried to get my mail shit off, but I'm, I'm just fat and, and, and, and look, you know I don't, it don't work the same. It don't work the same. Yeah. I tried that before that, that fucking company sent somebody over to counter the boxes. Yes. Joe's right. We'll be there and they start asking trick questions. How many floors? Any stairs Is there an elevator?


They need All that shit. But you got your stuff girl walk Up, ring going up, ring going up. Ring going up. They bring upstairs too. Well there's an elevator. Yeah. My girl Mel was in the dumps just These tough times. My girl Mel was going through it. Boy It was tough times. You know Mel, she can't get a cleavage. Right. Look, This button keeps on popping. Sure. We hate man. Darn It. Oh man. I'm sure the viewers will hate that. I don, I don't want to comment on That. Mel don't know how to do it. Gotta hit. Gotta hit the young baddies man. See how you get it to anyway. I'm doing just fine.


Hey, Tell That Chicago huh? Yeah. Refer to the Drop. Yeah. Nigga, Fuck that Facebook. She said refer to the drop. Oh Not the tag. If we must See 'cause y'all be fucking fighting for male on for no reason. Oh. That drop is distasteful and disgusting and it's so hard. Mail is mail. I said it yo dog. Look I got look I got fucking the and soft mouth. Okay. That should make it feel good. Shit. Oh my lord. Music. Music. What else is in music? Oh, Pickety Future announces that he's dropping another project. Oh. Sit down. I Ain't want sit down somewhere man.


I'm sorry. I'm not here to, to pull punch. Just today it lost its fire. Future. Even if go sit down. Even if it's fire. Go sit down. Why Hold it? You just fucking ruined all of rap Last year. Yeah you, You just Thanos all of Hip hop dog. You dropped three last year. Yeah, he did sit down. Man was fired too. Yeah. And the last one wasn't horrible. I yeah, I get it. I get people that fuck with it though. Yeah. So I'm not, not mad. The last one might have been needed after the first two maybe was a little polished dog. We not even two months into the new year. Who The fuck asks for new future? I know I'm in the minority saying that.


I know I'm in the minority saying that. Did he say when he's supposed to be driving it? No. Okay. So it could be like September. It ain't gonna be that far. If they start the way this Shit works today. If they start talking about it, it's done. That's part of the rollout. Yeah. Got it. The fact that we even saying something now, What could he possibly do different than he did on the last three projects? He Can give us another all r and b project. The trailer didn't say that. I'm just saying he could do something different though. He could go that route. He Could just, unless he put a different song on the trailer than he is on on the actual project. Like the OnlyFans bitches did to me last week. This fucking bitch, the new thumbnail on a video I bought already. We packaged the dope For you.


Yeah, no I thought you was fucking a new cab driver. Nah, you gonna get the same dope. It is the same cab driver that you fucked from last time anyway. Nuts. That is my take. I'm, I'm sure I'm in the minority saying that. I just think that our premium acts should kind of act like premium acts. Agreed. But if it's fired, I like it. I'm gonna come in here and cover it. If it's fire, I'm gonna play it. I just think there's no reason for this. It's too much. And yo, he might, where's he at? What label? Epic Right? Yeah. Epic ain't never letting him go But but what I'm saying is shit is down right now. So Yeah. He might be forcing him to come out. Yo, we need you again.


And if you in that predicament then I'm then I'm dropping. And if I could make the music like This because that's because that's a stickup. Exactly. Y'all need Me. If the label lemme Go get you 10 real quick. I got you. Yeah. That's a stickup. Yeah. So yeah if that, if that's the situation. Oh drop away Future another woman. Too much money. That was money. He got a lot a pocket watching all these things Wasn't A lot. He got a lot of money. No, I put you got a lot of money. He, Yeah, I want him to sit down. He ruined too much last year and dropped off. This whole shit went up in flames. It did because of him. He coulda easily just wrapped on like that by himself. He coulda just, Or he could have heard the verse and said Nah your dog.


Oh we couldn't clear it. Yeah. Yo, I got you on the deluxe. Nah, nah. And let Thug drop something nigga don't try to step on. He try to step on these niggas on the low. Hey I ain't done trying to uncover these fake hip hop friendships. I don't know how y'all niggas really feel about each other. Let Dogg get a little tired. Man. That's the one I'm waiting on. That's the one I need to hear that album. And is Gunner gonna be on the Future album? I'll be dick riding Gunner. I don't care. I don't think he'll be on the album though. No, I don't want to hear this shit. I want to hear it. I just, I just think it's too soon for New Future.


I do want to hear it 'cause I'm a fan. Right. And it ain't like he puts out bad music. So Yeah, when it, whenever it drop I'm gonna run right to it. I'm gonna find me some shit on there that I like. Even if it's one song, I'm gonna find something. Yeah. But It is part of my job as a pilot to find something to complain about. So here I am. Yo, you're doing too much. Too much good music. Get too soon. Walk away for a minute. Nah, overs. Saturation is a thing. I think It is For us. Not for them. No. And For them. I don't think so. Shit. I don't think so, bro. I don't think Oversaturation is a thing for these niggas with these short attention spans. As soon as you drop they want you to drop again. Yo, where's the deluxe? Yo, what's next? What's Yo my album just came out Friday.


Y'all are asking me about new music. Do you Think the Deluxe is more, is more the fans asking for new music or the label? Fucking pillaging. Pillaging For sure. Oh okay. But it's conditioned the fans to now, soon as you drop, I want more. Soon as an artist drop, they already are looking for what's next. Like nigga it's only been two months Nigga when I was out more Joe Button war stories. I don't care. I don't care. That's why I started this platform to give you my war stories. 'cause y'all didn't care before When I was out four scoring seven years ago, they was doing their version of this, which was, this is before the deluxe was popping. This was, you had to give us your album and then give us an exclusive track for Virgin Target.


Give us us an exclusive track for Yeah, just anybody. Then it was, You gotta get the Japan one that's Over and I'm sitting there saying the fucking Kevin Lowes, Hey dog, if I had an extra song that I thought was dope, I'm gonna put it over. I would've put it on my, there's nothing left. That's dope. They didn't care. We don't care. We just need one exclusive track because that's how we gonna get the orders up and that's how we gonna get your numbers up. And that's how we gonna, it's all, it's all a game. Well we got one track here. If you purchase the physical out of this store, then it's on that album. But yeah, they still do. Well physicals are pretty much dead. But I remember like on, I think it was Indigo, Chris Brown had Let's Smoke. The only way you could get that song was to purchase the actual physical copy of the album.


You couldn't get it. It wasn't on the, the streaming versions at all. So Fine, I will listen to New Future. No, we gonna listen. If I must, we're Gonna listen. If you're forcing me to listen to New Future, I'm gonna listen to it. I don't think it's necessary. I don't think we need it. Just cool. Just go chill, go be wealthy somewhere. Nah, because again, this shit moves so fast. If I stay away too long, somebody steps in and now I'm Dog. You put out three projects. We not, we not even in that window of, hey, they about to forget about me and I'm the best nigga in Atlanta right now and it's still Atlanta. I'm me still. I don't have to abide just bigger than Atlanta bro. I ain't talking about just, and the West Coast got the sound right now. No nigga, I need to come back again.


I need to strike again. And I could see the label saying, yo, we need, we need another one. Yeah. Yo, yo you smoked last year. Three number ones good shit. Or we need another one now what you got? It's exhaustion. I'm tired. Word. I'm tired. I don't have nothing for you. Plu don't mean I don't have nothing for you. But if It is a money grab, I support it. I'll support it. I'm fat. I'm, I don't what happened to me man. I don't even know what happened to me. If it's a money grab, I support it. And if the label label, if the label comes to you saying, yo we need you. Like you said, stick 'em up because that's A stick up in broad days. Exactly. And if you could stick the label up at at any time. And if I'm Future, you know how much music he probably just got on a hard drive sitting there.


You need another joint. All right. How long do You think it took Future to make a song do one One song? I think he's Doing multiple songs in a session. Mm. Soon as he hang up from the label. No. All right cool. Writing in the book. Oh, you need something. Got it Dan. My car's a little dirty today Dan. My car's a little dirty today. I at the car wash. It's a little dirty today. Hey, hey the is Coming little dirty today. I'm in the car wash line popping them all these times. There You go. There it go. Why You Think it he can make the car wash, make sound To the car wash now to post at the other car wash so quick.


They In the car wash the other day after all that snow shit. That lie was two blocks down the street. Why do You think it sound hasn't become redundant? Why do you think that he, people still want to hear future. What? What is it about? The sound is redundant when it's not him doing it. His sound is redundant. But even Him, him, no, but people still Want it. Yeah, but it's him and he's a goat. He's just good at it. He's a goat. That's all. Even to say good is an understatement. Yeah, he good. He's a goat so you get goat rules. Got it. Okay. Nobody's gonna get tired of nothing that future has to set. It is a small community that say he making the same song. It's gotten to the point flip where people realize that future ain't even like he was rapping about the, the, the, the perks and the lean and all that.


And he wasn't even using them. But I'm just, it's, I'm my subject matter is staying the same. Got it. Drugs, money, chicks. And I can make it sound fly Every time, every single, every time, every year. Every now and then I'll go dig in my bag and give you something that's like I I I'll get vulnerable on the track but for the most part I'm gonna stay right here. It's gonna work. My fans know what they expect from me. I give it to 'em every time. It's a perfect Marriage. I need a whole album to correct all this shit. I don't Want a whole album. I know that's the East coast New York nigga in me coming out. Gimme A verse or two. I don't need a whole whole Album. Nah, we need a album of God's. Did God DIDs need the album of God DIDs and what's free?


God and them. God and them them. 'cause my mom don't like that dumb shit. Yeah. Shout to my mother. All right. Shout out to future. What else Also in music bro, I, I came across a snippet. Hey Y'all can say what y'all one about. The nigga Know you talking about. I know you talking about Oh That one from California. Talk to him. To him His Ass. The other guy from California the One of the other ones. 'cause there's a bunch Of 'em. One of California's forgotten heroes. And I know y'all let whatever he do on the internet kind of like taint your your view. Yeah Take your view. Put a shadow over That nigga can rap bro. He Can Nigga from Nick.


It was the sign of the times. Nigga had to take a deep breath. I tried walking straight past my CT flats and they asked, I got all my khakis, my rag just hanging out the back under my backpack and all my homies in the casket. That's why I'm standing in the gap with this ratchet trying to get the tans after that. You knew your, my daddy always told me that I had a tough nut. I got my hat back was in the strap back hand. I ain't have thought if they was buckle up. I been outside so jumped in. In my hood they call that double Dutch. This cedar block where heat is popping. We catch fake come get this upper cut back home with the lights off. Burn in my grandma sofa. I'm hoping I don't end double hopeless. Used to play ball Drib rock and fuck Roaches stack or not. It got molded is not letting nigga get shot. Drop over, never look back, vote shade, take over.


We so just like o It is tempted to take the controller out your head smoking and whoever outside no matter the weather. Handguns is light as a fly off the handle. You die. No we ain't waiting to rock. We caught your slice of the pot and tell them make I never was a nigga from with Flow like a monster. Who was moving that Y'all? That sounds hard. That's who I wanted to respond to. Joey Badass. And I'm surprised he didn't because that's his bad. Yeah he throws something. What That's oh what you said something about who? Where. Alright give let me go. That's what I want to hear. This nigga can rap. That's it. Amazing. I don't know where this, where this is dropping, where it's dropping.


I don't care. I was about to hit game and say send it to me like I need it for my personal iTunes. That was fire. Yeah it was tough To the untrained ear listening. That's very difficult to do. What he just did. It was tough When it first started I was hating on it. Not not just now, but when I first heard it I was like come on nigga. And then he kept going and he kept going and he kept going. I'm like ah you got me, you got me. Nah, that game is nice man. Shout the game. Shout The game for sure. Shout to the game. Can't wait to hear whatever's coming while We on hard freestyles Los? Yeah. Yeah man right now Go time baby.


Come on. Listen. I can't wait for social media. Die and what's real start They expose all the secrets and lies baby. Okay, let's go Los Man. Look you deep in your eyes. Some feminine ass nigga told you he was de prized. Look what he make tell you is he was deprived when they replaced masculinity with healings and pride. Hedonistic sexual fantasies and demons. That slide the coroner said he could hear Spirit Biden his whole life. His mama told him Daddy wasn't shit because she gave that nigga pussy. Then that pussy nigga split now see a single mama out here pu pussy and she pissed. And if you pussy like your papa aint might put you in a pit nigga you ain't pushing pee you pussy, you click, you don't push it to the limit. Niggas push you, you quit. I push a button, call the click, they be pushing in them clips. I have my twins causing malice. Like I'm pushing from the, I signed my first record deal.


My clip was pushing bricks. I was mastering brokers But They was good with wait a minute And we was cooking that shit. So when my fans start fending, I get 'em good with a fix. I was finishing my album. That's when everything switched. Took a tragic kid. Now in the streets that usually means internal conflict type shit make you go from Conrad to Conrad from G Code to street code to code red and bomb shit come on that Palmer John make Peter Rock, Paul and Palm shit. Oh but back to the nonsense, this is it. Okay. One step away from my dream shit was lit, let's do it. But the fans had to drop on them boys to hit the lit. How you backdoor your main homies and flip the script. Fast forward now we back in the city on different shit where they lay low and give halos with extended clips. She shit, he goes all that shit.


That was like an album. Yeah this shit is 20 minutes long. Yeah it was like A EP man. Different beats. He Hit the incarcerated Scarface and shit. Yeah man, shout. Where is that At? Shout the Los La Leakers I believe. Got it. Say no more. Shout to Los. What Up? Yeah, shout to Los. I like That. Shout the los to rap here And got something to say. That's very tough to do. Yeah man. Very tough to do. Shout out to the guys still getting to it out there. There's some people that are still trying to uphold the uphold the fabric of this thing. Word. Like with raps. Yeah. Yeah. Not with bullshit. Bruno Mars Chorus. It's some niggas that's just rapping bro. That's it. Like I ain't ain't in the con, like you said mixing rap with the content and all of that. Some niggas is like yo dog, let me put pen to paper and get it.


Ky also there go. I respect it while We on, while We on rap. Rap type shit. Joiner Lucas said that he wanted to do a battle. He did? Yes on URL specifically And then called out Meek Specifically and then was like, yo, who y'all think I should battle? And then said look At some battle rappers first And then yeah. And then said no he was looking for a artist and it was like, all right, maybe Meek and Meek I guess because of his background. So now that's what they pumping up Joiner Lucas versus Meek Mill. In the event that these two gentlemen were to have a URL battle, who do you think wins and why now? I don't think this will ever happen.


No I think Meek is really busy. I think Meek has other shit to do. I think Meek has too much money. I just don't that see it today. I think joiner but And what's the game for him? What is the the game Nothing from from Meek Mill doing a URL battle with Jordan Lucas. Nothing. Respectfully, of course. And and and what Meek is on now Meek would be like yeah we gonna do it but it's gonna be on the platform that I own or something. He would try to do it that way. He learned the the, you see the way he moves. He's talking about the ownership shit. Yeah. Meek tried to buy TikTok. We ain't talk about it. He did. We ain't say nothing about it. He was like, yo, what's that price? Nobody a number could Happened. You know what I mean? Y'all just wanted to talk about what Mr. Beast wanted to do.


Yeah. Fuck Outta here. Meek was trying to buy that. You heard Facts Re Was about to too. I think shout out to me. I think today I think Joiner would win just 'cause again, I don't know that Meek would that If he hit that. But what Joy gonna do when that dream and nightmare is be be, come on that's not not talking verse Yeah. If Meek Battle Meek makes the rules and after you finish your little acapella verse, I'm putting on the greatest intro beat of all time. I'm actually gonna stop You right there and go hold up. Wait a minute. Yeah, go from right there. Yeah. Yeah. And if Meek do that he wins. But Nah, I, I think, I think if it were to happen it would be a a, a preference battle type of shit because Joy Lucas gives me more daylight, Lyrical And personally I don't want to hear that Mika is in streets.


Mika is gonna come in there with aggressive street bars in a rap battle that's going to, there's people like me that had a hundred pounds. Yeah. Hit you with a hundred rounds. Nah. Yeah that's what I want. Wanna hear about the imaginary Big Gun? Yeah. Tell me about that. I got a gun so big. I gotta run around the corner. The, the loaded, can you see it behind me? Yeah. Yeah. Gimme those. So it, It is, it'll be a preference Battle then I want to hear the Join the Lucas song after the battle with the perspective of both Battlers. Yeah, for sure. And Smack. No, no, it's from the perspective of the coin and the culture from the coin. Oh man. Shout to Meek. Shout to Joiner Lucas. Is there anything else in music?


In music? Kid Cudi. I got it. Oh Yeah. Kid Cudi kid. Throw your readers on big mail. BIG Throw your readers on. Do you match, do you match your readers to your outfit? Like a doof? No say it, it's Just accidental. Ah, sure, Sure. I got how many pair have, how many pairs you got? I have four. That should match the, those are not, those are not prescriptions. They are, they are prescriptions. They magnifying glasses. I sorry man. She used that's not the CVS shit. No, I thought it was my fault. She got the fucking blue case. Come on. Once she joined the squad, she was able to get her prescriptions and, and the buildings and the building. Ooh. What we got now. Alright. Right. So He ain't got no building no show.


He ain ain't got shit. I don I do not know what this meant. You ended him though. I didn You ended him. I don ever drop when hot and Ball to come out nigga. She did. She did. Yeah she did. Yeah. What you Got? All right. King Cudi posted this in his story last night. Hey so I wanna clear this up 'cause I see the Internet's running with things and making jokes. This shit is not funny. The person that broke into my house was a crazed fan that has been stalking me for years without me knowing. He's been to shows events I've done in the States and overseas. He drove across the country and broke into my house hoping to talk with me about collabing in ideas he had. There's nothing funny about this. My privacy was violated and now I have to protect myself. I don't Stop this for a second. We wanna make jokes.


I know way, which way we respectfully kids looking. I want to know that everything about this so far has been funny. Yeah. Respectfully, Scotty, if somebody is trying to break into your crib to talk about collab opportunities, it's funny a little bit. We glad that you safe that part, but continue. Okay. My pri sorry my privacy was violated. Now I have to protect. He Think he pop smoke. He, he rest in peace. Pop smoke. You think they was coming to pop smoke him? No. Nigga collab with me on a song. We don't wanna kill you. Y'all ain't never hit the chick. That just won't leave you alone no matter where you go. Yeah. Alright. Okay. I don't feel safe now. He rummaged through my personal things. My fiance Hey Yo.


Just leave. Hold up a minute. That was a delayed reaction. The trick the nigga, the bitch tricked the nigga to give her water. Nigga. Yo, I would leave if you feed the meat, nigga put water yo. He, oh shit. He cut. Wouldn't pipe something down. That's his ex. Now they won't leave him alone. Might go that's some old work nigga put the war in because how, how, how he knew, how he knew his way around the crib. Come on. How he knew where your shower was. Money broke in and decided let take a shower. Take a shower real quick. Yeah, I know. Go ahead big man. Sniff the towels. He rums through my personal things, my fiance's stuff. Took a shower and ate all while. Pause. Yep.


Pause. Hey, hey. Hate to be that guy Made him some sense. He snuck in that fiance thing while we all were reading that. Yeah. Smart move. Nobody asked for that. And when you do that, you're trying to let the old work know that you've moved on. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. He snuck in. I got a fiance. Who the fuck ass kid? Cuddy about his fiance. Good. Okay. All right, well here we go. All the while he was thinking he was gonna have a conversation with me. This was an unhinged 34-year-old man, not homeless. I'm gonna take some serious security measures to make sure you Know a lot about him.


You know a lot about him. This was a seek of Closure. Oh Shit. This was an un He's trying to have a conversation with me. Bet 34 year, year old man who's not homeless. So you've been to his alley. Okay. Okay, we're getting somewhere. Go ahead big Mel. I'm gonna take some serious security measures to make sure that this does not happen again. As You should walk the Shower. I'm not online to see the comments, but word got back to me. Stop Right there. Yep. Stop right there. Yo. In 2025 we gonna stop that. Can we put this to bed please? Please? Yeah. I'm talking to Kid Cudi and y'all enough with yo, man, somebody sent this to my phone.


I I ain't reading it. Yo. You know me reading what y'all gotta say but I'm right on top of it 'cause somebody sent it to my phone and posting on the internet about not being on the internet. That one. Yo, can we stop that mail? That one has to stop. Hey Mel, you two can you, can we stop that like together? You ain't kid cutting. What? What? What did I do with, with the hole? Yo, I didn't read that but someone sent it to my phone. I didn. See my friend Jasmine sent it to you. Come on Mel. That's more of an issue. Honestly. It is too. Yeah. Nah, but it showed that somebody's sending it to you. Niggas be Sending this shit to your phone. No, it's just paying somebody to send it to him. That's very different than somebody sending it to me. You wouldn't Say that if that nigga was here, Why not? I wish he was here. I wish he was covid free. Me too. I wish he was covid free. Nothing. Would've love nothing more than this. Say that Nigga like this.


So Joe. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Flip look. Yeah, look, look. Alright. You think I had the money to pay somebody like that? Like that? You, you giving me the money because you guys, you giving me gonna reverse it on you. You gonna reverse it. Don't tell about make you paying to do that. But I saw that nigga. 400 messages. Ish. Ish. Yo. Lemme talk back to, we gonna get back to that ish. Please. Why do you engage with these niggas for so long sir? Like It is just a gauge and shit like that. He just love to talk. He do. That's it. That's it. He Loves talking. For real. He absolutely. Go ahead. Go ahead Big. Okay. Fiance. Right. He got a fiance. Alright. So I'm not on line to see the comments but word got back to me that people are making light of this and it's not okay.


If I'm standoffish. When you see me in public now, this is why Because his house got broke. Stop. Stop right there. Shit is Whiling bro. Kid Cutty chair kid Cutty. Who the fuck cares if you're standoffish now? No, honestly I didn't know Him to be a social butterfly before. Yeah. Yeah. Like what is He talking about? Niggas ain't gonna be in Target talking about oh he looks stoic Only what's going on in his life. Invasion of privacy baby. These celebrities Are fucking nuts. Kid Cudi, He look like he just trying to clean it up to the, to the fiance? Yeah. That's a yo, I don't know that nigga like nigga you gave too much details kid. You gave like nigga knew your shower was, he went, he ramed through. He rumbled through the stuff to see if you gave your fiance a sandwich that you gave.


You know what I'm saying? What Made a sandwich? We laughed at the car bomb. Like why you think we not gonna laugh at this? And It is fucked up. It is. It is. It is. It is. But you alive. So all jokes is on table Joke. That's like when somebody fall. All right they all Right now. Now we gonna laugh at your ass. Exactly. Yeah. Kid Cudi is healthy. Hopefully he's in great spirits. Of course we want no harm to come his way. Keep him in your prayers for sure. But this is, this is funny. This is hilarious. This is funny. This is hilarious. Whole Time I was like, Oh yeah that was it. Big mail. Yep. That was it. That was his. What'd you think about that? I mean I feel, I feel kind of bad for him. You do? Yeah. I feel bad for Lady Gaga's dog walker. Yeah.


Yeah. That's pretty Fucked up. I don, I don't feel bad for that was Pretty fucked up kid. Cut. I mean you wouldn't feel like that was like a real invasion of privacy. Course. Course. I mean the same thing happened to Chris. He comes home and some motherfucker is like sleeping in his bed and hiding In the closet. Yeah. I ain't gonna that've y'all can't deep Facebook. That Facebook got hack work. Nah, Real Talk. No, that's real spill. Yeah, Real Talk. That's Real Talk. Yeah. No that's Real Talk right there. No, she broke in and would just got in my bed and was laying. I don dunno her. Who is this woman? That Is this woman? What happens is when you dick somebody down and they don't wanna leave, you gotta do that. That's it. Got or you don't wanna leave. 'cause some people will stay. Mm. Some people will stay and make noise.


I I got something for you. I got intruder in here. I don't know how she got in here. Nigga got clothes off. You gotta do that. And while we making jokes breezy, I'm aware that they, these are serious matters. There are a bunch of athletes that are going through break-ins while they're on the road hiring. They Gotta start hiring security and shit. But a crib. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So I mean I don't, I don't want to laugh too much 'cause It is serious. And I understand the seriousness in kid Cuddy's post, but he's kid Cudi so Jokes. Jokes. Sorry We go get jokes. I, I don't, I don't make the rules. I don't, I don't make the rules. I don't break Em. Sorry that happened to you kid.


Thoughts of bears. Thoughts of bears for sure. All them lonely dogs came Running a a, a A. There's another one that triggers me. That's Day and night. Yeah. I couldn't get shit moved. Man. That was Some shit right there night. That whole pursuit of happiness. Yeah. He had some joints though. Yeah He did. That's why niggas in there rummaging through shit. Man. Trying to get some memorabilia. Nigga say yo, the nigga wanna come and talk to me About what? Have a conversation Together. Kenny. How you feel You gonna get that shit off. They put fiance to use women to, to feel better. Get the fuck outta here nigga. Stop or whomever your fiance is.


Yeah, fiance nigga pressed him. Yo. Yo. Dude, My man, who The fuck is this nigga Rummm rummaging around. Shit. Glad King cu is all right. Yeah we happy. Yeah. Oh my lord. And You can hear it too. They was linking up overseas. It was like popped up overseas with 'em. Why did they get like that though? Like why nigga can't just cut shit off without niggas wanting to come around and destroy everything that you've built. Like nigga you was just a thing. You was just a fling. Get outta here nigga. Nigga I woke up. I'm not mad no more at my girl. My wife, she made some good curry chicken or something like we piece it up. You gotta go now up nigga. Why you gotta, why do y'all hold on so much?


Oh man. No for real. It is, It is wrong. You talking, you can't give out that a that's the problem. But I'm saying Parks is like park, you throw out the A game you can't give out out the A game times. I understand the ones that, oh I thought you meant ass. Okay let's go ahead. I understand Parks nigga. Although I mean to each their own, you know? Yeah, I understand. The ones that were lied to. I get it. But when you know what's going on, I cheer, look she back, she cooked whatever she did. Nigga the pepper steak hit tonight. She came in all of a sudden she got new lingerie. She's acting different. I gotta stop talking to you and it's over. She making me feel good. Like she hitting that spot she hit when we first got together. Bitch It is over go. No, no, no. Outta nowhere when shit go smooth. That's When she want to hit your girl.


Show her the screenshots Outta nowhere. Talk about you. Hey Girly. No, no, no. Posting all the fucking stories outta Nowhere. We gotta highlight the ones that hold it down. Hey we don't forget you. We just can't acknowledge you because if we acknowledge you then our girls will look into and dig deep into that direction. But we see you, you Put it right in stories. That's right girl. I can have your nigga whenever I want The y and Your is silent. The food that you was, the food that you was making was good. When I was depressed it was good when the wifey she got back in the kitchen nigga. Now it was better. Right. No that's true. It was good when I, when I was depressed. I can't, I can't talk with my girl. Listen, But when I was depressed, so whenever you depressed and somebody's giving you that attention where they want, yo, you hungry?


Yeah, sure. And the shit, the season is good but when your girl come back and say you thought that was good. Look bow, you full cost milk. It is over. I don't want your food no more. Bitch, I Don't want, I don't even know you no more. Don't call me like go Over there. You gonna act like that. For real? Yes, I'm married. Yes nigga. You see these kids? What the fuck? What you think I got a big ass son that will fuck me up. He let me slide. He thought we was cool. Why the fuck are you here? Yo they, where's your pride at nigga? Go back. That's the time you wish a bitch let the straight cats back out. That's the time you wish. Didn't you have have three niggas when I first got with you, you left all of them niggas alone for me.


Please man. It's fine. I want to cook with you but No, no, no, no. Yo Joe, ain't you? I can't leave me alone please. I don, I don cook some Yo Joe. Leave me alone. Yo, Joe. No, you Don eat that food. Cook some warrior. I don eat that food no more. I don't get that food. Cook get Some get me in trouble at all. I don't do none of that. I love my baby. I want to get married 'cause of love. Not tax exemptions. I can't wait till you get married. Yo. I really, I think about that. I think about your wedding Joe. Shit gonna be, if It is party like that Joe. Shit going be lit. I just read some stupid shit online. Some couple talk about they invited 350 people to their wedding but they charged, they was charging money and only 66 people came.


They were charging like 350 a pop. That's, that's light. That that's, That's classless. Class's the word. If you charge me to come to your wedding, I'm not coming. Yeah. I probably wasn't coming anyway. Your wedding gonna be lit. Yeah. This nigga wasn't gonna be crazy. Your wedding gonna be crazy son. I wonder who's gonna show up like No, no sides. Well ain't no sides but no old work This nigga. Smart luck. No, none of that. Because some of his, some of his I'm cool. His constituents may get with some of the old work. Oh my plus one. Yeah Nigga. Yo. That be Yo Plus one. Like you remember right. Oh shit. S oh shit.


Are you excited though Joe? Do you think about it? Do you speak to like your mom about it and stuff like that? Mom? Because I know, I know mom's here. You know here you talk about getting married. Does she ever, does she talk to you about, are you getting Married? I wanna do it so my mom could be at a wedding. Yeah. Parents getting older. I, I want my parents to be able to Actually you gonna cry like a baby yo. Oh yeah. I'm gonna cry. You Gonna cry like a baby. Can you imagine the rest of your life without the old work? That's what you're crying for. That's, I had some old work that was special a little bit. Aw man. Every step she get closer to the altar. It is like guys, damn. Damn. She deserve it though. You shot? Nah, I'm a bitch. I'm gonna cry. When the kids come. When the kids come down the aisle. Oh yeah.


That's what Suzy throwing the fucking flowers and the kids that that listen, that's what stopped you from cheating too. Now I've been stopped cheating. But when you're cheating on somebody who got like kids that's of age, like they'll let you know. I don't know what you did to mom but she is in the room throwing up. She is in the room like A piece Of shit. She hasn't come out all day. She's yelling At us. What did you do? You like all right I Can't live like this no more. This you the cool one. You get those texts. Oh Yeah. No I talk to the kids. I talk to the kids. Yeah. I don't do this shit no more. It is over for that many years ago. Many years ago. There you go. The Whole family moving. Huh? The whole family will move in. Right. If you get a bigger house. The whole family, the kids. Yeah but I'm timing the big house for when her two big kids take their ass to college or some smart man somewhere Purdue or wherever they going.


What was we talking about just now? Kit cu or some shit? Yeah We talking, talking about kit Weddings off that. What type of food y'all want in my wedding? I know you have some bull. Not bullshit. Like some expensive steak and shit. Like Tomma hawks again. Yeah, like get some Chicken shit. What options? Get some chicken. Hear you man. Get some chicken there Bro. Some chicken tenders That some chicken tenders at my shit. Oh shit. Mel hit you with it. What'd you say? Chicken N. That's what you heard. That's What you said Mel. That's what you Said. What? That's what you said. You can't even make chicken nuggets. Girl, do I Put this in the microwave or have some tomorrow? You can't have leftovers either. Stop still using that Chinese store Tupperware.


I can't Wait to, you know I can't wait Mel, I can't wait to see you at Joe's wedding. Why? 'cause I know you're gonna try to overdress and look lit. You gonna walk in there like I would never steal the thunder away from the bride. You want thunder stealer? No that he Not. Hey nah, that's like a unwritten. We don't do that shit at no wedding. Come. I got seats for She gonna propose to somebody. Yeah. Shit. Yes, she gonna propose to Chicago. That's gotta ruin his house. That's a stomp out. Oh ultimatum. I proposed to you at Joe's wi It is. I think you'll Be stomp out. Be in there singing Prince yo. You All do you want Him Or do you want me Anyway? That would never happen. Yeah, You going, you gonna kill it man. I Mean can you see yourself getting married one day and that's it.


I'm not harping on Shaq. I'm just asking Can I see myself getting married one day Or like you just going belong to the streets. I would like to find somebody that I would like to get married to. There We go. Yeah, I would like to find the person that I'd like to marry. I'm just saying this, you compare yourself. Yo. Man look, lemme talk to you as a Brother. I can marry myself but admire But he better not tell you that nobody ever gonna love you like he is Man. Lemme talk to you as a brother in your will. 'cause you, you gonna get mad like you about to be up. You stay here for a long time. So you gonna keep going up in your will. Put me in it. So you gotta stop that train of thought here Too. If, if a young nigga come in and try to access out, put me in the will so I could stop that shit. 'cause you, he may, a nigga may catch you when you like 70.


So You wanna be my power of attorney? Oh yeah, Please. Okay. Who's your power of attorney right now? Let's get your shit together. You Don't have power or an attorney? No, I'm fixing my Bassy Bassy shout Bassy iss his attorney. My shit is getting fixed. Okay. My shit is getting fixed and, and you know like I'm, You're following in Joe's footsteps. Not really his footsteps, but I heard some things he said and you know what I mean? I'm starting to fi I'm gonna file next year. Married. I tell my wife yo, all that all shit we was doing is Fuck that. We we don't need tax returns nigga here, whatever you was getting here, take this, put it in your And she be asking me where that shit you gonna put in my account here. Take it. You know what I'm saying? And it's a lot of, you know, perks. But it's not about me. It's about you. A young nigga gonna come smoke your boots off.


He gonna get, he gonna get responsible. He ain't getting in the fucking will he Go? All right. No. Telling you Man, everything's already assigned. Speaking of marriages, can I be a messy bitch again for just a second? Of course. But let's not stay here. It's big man. Okay, let's not stay here because this is above our pay grade. Are we putting any stock into the Barack Jennifer Anderson rumors? No. No. They say you took down Jennifer Anderson. I'm gonna stop it man. Yeah, If you, I gonna get on quiet. It's a podcast. If you go, if you go and get one You think we wanna soil black love with with white Hope It ain't us doing it. I'm just asking y'all putting any stock into it.


I ain't putting no stock in it, but it turned out to be true. I'm not gonna be mad At Yeah, Like we don't want to acknowledge that It is Barack nigga who wants to acknowledge that. That's A wild side piece. I don't even know where this rumor came from, but it's juicy. I saw a video with somebody throwing some paint on Jen. Jennifer Aniston. Oh no, that's from the morning show. Oh, The morning show. Was that real? Mm It's a scene in Show show. The TV Show. TV show show. But they said that Why did they itemize her jewelry that got destroyed? I don't understand. I don dunno. It was the scene from the TV show. Oh, Okay. Got it. Okay. Yeah, from the next season. I Thought that shit was real. I was like, damn, I heard that show. I hope that show's fucking awesome. Is it? I gotta watch that. Yeah, It is. That show's really good. It is. Y'all See That ketchup up with severance yet?


It's only one up two. No, no. Two second one dropped. It is two. I didn't see the second One. Oh, you say you letting it Stew a little bit? Yeah buddy. I ain't watched one or two and I How many you waiting for Season only fucking 10? Yeah. Well now that night agent season two is out like night Agents Whole Season drop the entire season night agent say no more Season two Netflix. So I could let Severance cook a little bit. You Got Yeah. You got something to watch. I Have nothing. Watch. If it's five episodes of Severance, then I'll get in. Okay. You know what I watched, I watched Wolf with George Clooney and Brad Pitt and Brad Pitt Wolves. Sorry. I wanted to come here weeks ago and shit on that movie. I Like that movie nigga. You I like that movie.


It tracks. Yeah. Why? No, I like the movie. That movie is horrible for it to be Brad Pitt and George Clooney. Really? Yeah. And all the money that they spent, Joe. That movie wasn't horrible. I hated it. What do you hate The storyline? You hate everything about that movie? I hate it. Hmm? I Don't like their style of acting together. Really? Why? See, I normally do. I I don I just don't. So you Didn't like any of the Ocean one? I did Ocean, but now, but I'm I after a while it was like by, what was it? How many of 'em they did Four? Another Googleable answer that we're fucking up here on the Joe First. Yeah, we free stop Buy like the last one. I was over that. I'm It is just, they, they're they're bounce one word off each other type of shit.


I, I'm, I'm cool. I Don Bain Brad bit like George Clooney's son or something like that. Like they got that type of special relationship. Well it's a bromance kinda like you and ish. Hmm. It is. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good one. Good job, man. What? Yeah. Smack the shit outta y'all here. No, no, No. Yeah. What is a bromance? Like She said Jish A brother. Romance, Ice. You, you doing that shit, Boy. Romance. There you go. Yeah. There you go. Boy. Romance. That's right. Wait, what does that mean? Friends? It just means that you like, have a very strong level of affect, affection for your, your homeboy, your Brother. Okay. It's not sexual. It's I promise. I promise.


It's sexual. It is sexual. No, Bro is a thing. A bromance is a is a thing. Yeah. Don't Let it make you uncomfortable. Not breaks your bromance. Exactly. I didn't know that. Mel thought that ish. And I had a bromance. Everybody thinks you have a bromance. I think y'all have a bro. Don't put everybody here. I'm playing. No. In there. On here on a microphone there. Everybody in this room. Them them Two. Well, just so y'all know, nobody outside of here thinks that. Yes. That's not true. Yeah, they do. They say it in the comments. People People think that definitely people think that you and it got A bromance. We don't have one. You are two sides of the same coin. Y'all don't know us at all, Nigga. You would you even To say that Y'all have no idea you would let, Let some, some shit go. And because it's itch, you go right back to all you.


I watch you do it. I'm letting you let it stinky. Have it. I try to pull on each of you guys' triggers differently. No, well you pull on his triggers a lot. Pause. Yeah, pause. Yeah, pause. That was crazy. That was my triggers. You don't pull on mine. Virgos don't have no bromance. We, no, I'm fucking crazy. I'm not gonna get self-centered right now. We'll, got you. We'll talk about it later, but I don't, I don't think it's like Brad Pitt and George Clooney. And how much older is George Clooney than Brad Pitt? Not much like they're around the same age. 'cause Brad Pitt's like 60 or 61. There's Three oceans too, by the way. Yeah. Yes. And but they have seven total movies together. Hmm. Okay. I'm just old.


I I didn't Like the movie, that's all. I like it. What? No, nevermind. What's and 63? If you walk in the mailbox and, and that invite is in the mailbox, like for the tray ball. Wait one more time. What, what, what? Invite You get the envelope. It's a gold envelope. George Clooney and Brad Pit invited you to the trade bowl. Yeah. I'm going. Oh, you know I gotta whisper what I'm going. Yeah. Yeah. It comes with stipulations For real. In Dubai. She don't, she don't give a fuck. Where is that Going In Harlem? You talking to by I'm hanging the fuck Out.


Hey shit. Could be in Birmingham, Alabama. She ain talking about, alright, what else, what else, what else? Well, there is a new law being proposed right now. It's called the Ejaculation Law. I Saw this. Yeah. What I Saw this Lemme just give you a little, I probably abide by this. Abide by this law. No, you won't. You should. But okay. A Mississippi Senator has filed a bill entitled The Contraception Begins at Erection Act. Oh, You sent this in the fucking group. I sure the fuck did. Of course You said this corny shit to, I don't read what she puts in a group chat, but thank God you don't, you definitely, I didn't see it in the Group chat. It's a Mess. Okay. Which is meant to highlight the man's role in contraception. According to the bill filed by Senator Bradford, black Men, if passed, it would make it unlawful for a person to discharge genetic material nice.


Without the intent to fertilize an embryo. If someone potentially is convicted of violating the law, they could be fined one K for the first time, 5K for the second time, and 10 K for the third. Alright. It's, go ahead and tell the people how much it costs to get clipped and not have to worry about none of this. It is G. Yeah, man. It's painless. He said. Quick. 15 minutes. Mel, what do you think about this? I don't have any thoughts on this one. I think that this is fucking hilarious. But I also think that there is way too much put on the woman to be responsible for contraception and pregnancy prevention than the man. So I wish more men would get vasectomies. Oh no. I agree with, yeah, I agree with, I wish more men would get Vasectomies.


I, I preach this shit to everybody that'll listen. Yeah. Go get it if you know you don't want no more kids. People just got such a fucked up misconception about what a vasectomy really is. They think it's castration. Yeah. And it's not. But I say, everybody that ask me, yo, what? I'm go, if you know for a fact go get it done and It's reversible Within 10 years closer, you get to 10 years, the harder It is to successfully reverse it, but treat it as permanent. But you gotta remember that little 10 year rule. Don't forget it. Like the bitches with the implants. Treat that shit as permanent. 'cause you can always freeze sperm. If you decide you wanna go that route. You can always freeze and then still get it done that way. That's why they call you freeze. No, I ain't freeze shit. Oh my God. Girl.


What's going on in The world? You unclip it. Freeze. Huh? Parks are you unc clipping? I would. We we've talked about it. Oh, You would love for real. You would love for real. That's my baby. Yeah, you would love for real. We would do it. Yeah. You take to Planned out though. You take love to a whole nother level son. Why wouldn't I? And And you inspire me. You inspire me, bro. This shit is fun. Move across the world with me. Let's go nigga. I'm going to unclip. Let's get it, man. Whatever. I Love it about you Reese. You don't care. It should be cool until he in the house by himself for a little bit with all the kids. That true. Then it's like, I mean, it's still cool then it's still cool. Then Hey, you know what I was thinking? That's the scary part.


Someone Go on flip. Some women are so ill like you don't give a fuck. Like they be so fired. You don't care how much baby fathers they got. You put one right in them. Wow. You got five baby fathers. Here's a six one. Boom. Oh yeah. I don't play them games. Fuck. I like, Hey, say they ill. I think that experience plays a role when it comes to that. 'cause a lot of times we judge like, oh look at this. You got seven baby fathers. But nah, some shit about them nigga lose reason. They do Kegel. My next baby is gonna make three babies by three different baby mamas. The baby baby hat trick. Perfect.


Nah. Two, two. Two, two Baby fathers. There's too many For you. Yeah. So you wouldn't be a, you wouldn't be a third. Interesting. Two Is too many. Oh my God. Come on. Freeze bro. I'm talking about upfront before it even gets to any of that other shit. Free. Stop. Freeze Bro. Two, baby. Five. You are a lover. Freeze. You got a lot of rules man. You're a lover. Freeze. Why wouldn't I? It's a lot of women. Huh? Have rules. Be picky. All Right. But they know how to do it nigga. They do some tricks with, ah, fuck it. I just, I just, I just release. That's why. And that's why you clip nigga Trump's pen has been active. Yeah. Yes. Moving. It is a fire. Some of these are interesting, some not so much, but him saying that he, he wants to declassify the Martin Luther King Jr.


And JFK valves. And It was a Third. Yeah. RFKR. Yeah. R-F-K-R-F-K died. Yeah. Right after his brother. That's Why they named the bridge after him. Oh. Well why we wanna know about him? What happened, what he did? And He was assassinated. All of them. Yeah. I'll read it. I'm just saying. So he wants all that shit. He wants to classify the, I mean he, he signed, he signed something over Right. To declassify the rest of the Fives. That's crazy. Why nigga, we, I wanna know. JJFK is supposed to be declassified within 15 days of him signing. That's crazy.


I believe it was MLK was within like a month. Like Yeah, because the Rumors classic. All that shit. The rumors we have about MLK is that he didn't die from the shot. The lady did an interview and said he died in the hospital. He was spat on and suffocated with a pillow. Yes. Go ahead and go ahead and get Beese. King fucking tweeting us with No, I'm just saying right outta my line. No, that is one of the rumors. They Interviewed the nurse, nurse. They interviewed the nurse that, that was there. She passed away allegedly. I don't know if she's died that. Yeah. I don't know. But yeah, Declassify all of it. I'll read it. I'm going, I'm gonna read it That they will redact 90% of it though. It's redacted now, ain't it? No, it's classified right now. Yeah.


But once it's declassified, there's gonna be portions of it that are just completely fucking blacked out that weed. Oh. See, I'm thinking Declassification Means I don three fucking. Okay. All right. They're not that generous. I thought that's what he was ordering. Like, no, Good luck. Good luck. We'll send it to somebody's conservatorship. Let us figure out what's going on. We'll send it to the lip readers that watch NBA games. They be on that shit too. Watch LeBron covering his mouth and figure out what he said. Mm. I'm in. Me Too. I, I, I don't care. Whatever come out, I'm gonna read it. Declassify the shit about the aliens. That's what I need to see. See that's the one. That's the one. Let me get that one. And I've read something. I don't know how true It is. That said, they, they about to release all of the celebrities that are attached to this puff shit in March.


About to release the names. Yeah. What the fuck happened with the names With Jeffrey Epstein? I I could be, I could be getting sentell, but I did read that. Mm. And shout out to Cintel World. He be killing shit Cintel. Now I just give you a little, couple, couple little nuggets And then, and that's it. Yeah. Speaking of Puff Puff have a lawsuit. He filed a lawsuit, Joe. Yeah. I got the New York Times article that says Sean Combs files defamation suit against the man who said he has sex tapes. So the lawsuit names Courtney Burgess, a one-time music industry bit player, his lawyer in the owner of the Cable Network News Nation, which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess, blah, blah, blah.


So yeah, he basically says that he has a ton of sex tapes that shows the assault of minors and the sex parties and that sort of thing. And puffs literally like, who the fuck is this guy literally came out of nowhere. So he is filing a $50 million defamation case against him. Good. Yeah. Listen, anybody that's, that's trying to come out and attach themselves and make a quick buck on some of these people's names putting and some of these like, serious charges, like Yeah. Yeah. Take it away from shit. Yeah. Get 'em, get 'em. I ain't mad at it. Mm. What else we Got? Got def fame shit, boy. Yeah. That's the new lottery.


Mm. Go ahead. I did one of y'all niggas Def Defend. Go ahead defame me. Y'all defame me with the sleepwalk and shit, but I ain't lose no money. Defame me. It cost me some money. Yeah. Defame me with something. Where is a loss? I'm on y'all ass. Oh my Lord. I wanna say rest in peace to Barry Michael Cooper, the writer of New Jack City. Sugar Hill. Damn. Above the rim. Rest in peace Above the rim. Rest in peace. Peace in Peace. Brian Barry, Barry, Michael Cooper, 66 years old Also sent a rest in peace out to Project Pat's son Patrick Houston Jr. Who passed away from an apparent gunshot wound.


Damn. 21 years old. Sheesh. Yikes. Yikes. Rest in peace man. Rest in peace. Rest in peace for sure. And rest in peace to all my old work, man. Y'all dead. Y'all dead to me. Say it loud. Real Talk. Real, Real Talk. Real Talk. Real Talk. Right? That's Real Talk. Also, I'm not, I'm not gonna come in and report on everything that Trump does with that fucking pen of his. But Donald Trump has revoked the federal contractor non-discrimination executive order that was signed by Lyndon Johnson in 1965 and has protected employees of businesses seeking federal contracts from dis discrimination ever since.


Sheesh. Add that with Yeah. Do Who the fuck? Nah, nigga. Oh, FaceTime Love Answering calls a FaceTime on a Tuesday. Ugh. Oh nah. A Friday or Friday, whatever day It is. Nigga. Po You good? Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Let 'em know. That's my homies in jail. Nah, sit there nigga. Yo, You stop work if your jail niggas call. Depends. Yeah. That depends him in harmony.


I know, I know. Who, who, who? The jail nigga. Y'all got it. Y'all got it. Don't worry about it. That might be him. What Else up in wild though, Joe? Joe, you know right now is mass deportation. Yeah. That's Your favorite topic, by the way. Yeah. Really? Yeah. I mean It is. I read the house. You came in here doing migrant shit for two and a half years straight. Yeah, because I'm a migrant. Listen, You mi migrated from the blood. Got You right about there. You know one of, one of the Haitian homies, man, he was on there saying, shouting out Obama shouting out Biden saying F Trump saying I'm not going back to Haiti. And he was just talking. It was just fun. It's not funny, but It is. They're making it entertaining. He made it entertaining his exit.


I thought. I was like, okay, this guy is crazy. Yeah. It's not funny. Trump Did an, an interview recently where he was talking about Biden basically pardoning his entire family. But he was like, he didn't pardon himself. I find that to be strange. I Don shit about to be a mess. Leave That old man alone. Just leave Biden Biden pardoned Marcus Garvey. He did? Yes. And He, he died. He, Yeah. I mean, well you can posthumously pardon somebody. You can, but I don't know The reason. But death is the best. Pardon? Yeah, I'm outta Here. Yeah, I'm gone. What is that? What is a posthumous? Pardon? Yeah. I gave my man a heart attack and when he was living in London.


'cause he read the news that just said about him and You know what I mean? They deported Marcus Garvey. I mean, what do you, what do you part of him for? Yeah. Like what is that? He's going, I mean his son is still alive. He's a doctor on Long Island. But other than that, his other son too, Trump Also went impart in the dude that created Silk Road. What's Silk Road? Silk Road Is that dark, dark web shit. Where they was selling sex, selling people and guns and doing everything. Drugs. Yeah. Silk. Silk popped up. It is. You heard of the dark web, right? I did. Okay, so Silk roll was like a marketplace on the dark web For everything. For everything. Like, you wanna murder somebody? Yeah. Yeah. That's where Impro got sent to. Oh shit. The dark, the dark web And the nigga, that's when like Bitcoin first, that's fucked up.


Yo. He gonna fuck you up. He is. They said that shit, that silk crow. Damn. Like that shit. Yo, they ain't sent that nigga show to Silk Road. That is disgusting. Anyway, I'm sorry. That's my bad. My bad. And watch your fucking mouth. I'm talking Don't talk about my man. Nobody said That. You Said that. Alright, well I'll take it back. Just Going over there. Right? That was, that wasn't me. That was Venom. My son keep making me watch fucking venom. Hey, pull up the big black monster.


The marketing's working. Yeah. Watch 'em. So venom and venom. Just keep talking to the white boys back and forth Anyway. What do we think of the Silk Row thing? Do y'all think that? Do y'all think 'cause he was, he was locked up for a while, right? Yeah. Like for a while he was, do y'all think that that guy did anything wrong? I don't, I don't know the details. Creating a marketplace For the mo for humans' darkest desires. That's, that's not all it. That's, you could do anything. You can get anything on there. It is just creating a marketplace is not a crime. You come in the tunnel. Yeah. When they start what they utilized it for, that's what, if you Created it, that's what it became.


If you, It is, if you create it, isn't it your responsibility to make sure that all, you know, merchants and merchandise is like on the up and up. Mm. Like hopefully like the sex trafficking thing, child trafficking, that sort of thing. Would you not, wouldn't you, would you not want that? Like, so did he, did He create it with the intent of doing that? Did Did he, did he put any roadblocks or anything to solve What happens? See, that's the thing, that's the thing about, you know, Bitcoin and Dark web, all of that shit was un like damn Untraceable encrypted. Yeah. So when you create something there, what, what, what, what roadblocks can you really put up there? I don't think you should serve life for creating a free market.


I think you should be open to civil lawsuits Though. Yeah, I agree with Parks that I, I'm, I'm rolling with that. What year did you get locked up? I don't want to say 2012. 2011. This is me freestyling while y'all look it up. Mm, got it. But somewhere, somewhere over there. And it was a life sentence, right? Yes. 2011. Excuse me. 2013. Look at me. Come on. When got, when he got arrested. Come on. You right there. Got it. Write. I probably guess. Come on, take that journalist. His name is Ross Al Albright. Okay. Okay. But yeah, I don't think create, just creating It is wrong. What people did with it.


Yeah. It's fucked up. Very wrong. Yeah. Fucked up. And you and I'm with you. There should be some liability that, that way, but for Sure That's it. Let's stay on legal troubles for a minute. ASAP. Rocky's trial. Yes. Set to be starting soon. They were picking, it started, it started already. They picked jurors. None of them Black. Al Sharpton came out and said, yo, give him, give him his fear. Give him his fear shot. Don't play no games. Asap Rocky turned down a plea. We reported what that plea was. It was 180 days in jail.


Three seven years probation and seven years suspended. Suspended. And, and ASAP Rocky's reply to that as to why he turned it down was that would've been a career ender. He would've lost his brand bills and lost the ability to tour after that. He does have a lot of brand deals. So, So the other side is your freedom. Well, as long as he wasn't losing Rihanna, I don't care about the, the brand deals Fair. I I, I'm Again, whatever, whatever the crime is is on video And their defenses. That's a start.


That was a starter pistol. He has legally owned guns in his house, but he carries a starter pistol with him, which is no To scare people. Yeah. That's what he carries on them to show look like he's carrying. So that's the defense. And they, they're gonna have people testify. It wasn't a real pistol. They know, he don't, they know he's known for carrying the starter pistol. So that's, I guess why they may feel that they could win this If he lose, if he loses at trial, how much time would he have to do? Seven Years. Right? 10. Is that the you the maximum sentence I guess. No, I would all Three, three years probation. Seven years? No, he basis a maximum of 24 years. 24. Fuck.


It's not seven or 10. I would, that's a, I don know but apologies. The D on that. Yeah. Might took the 180. Did Tory turned down a plea? Yes. Yes. He sure did. He did. Black People will turn down a plea and, And honestly that plea that they gave him, he'd have been out by now. I still got him coming home pretty soon. Because we believe in the system. We believe in, you know. No, they just got a lot of programs in jail to where you can get your time reduced. You ain't there mopping. Making slaps. Yeah. Oh, you there chefing it up. Sweeping some niggas out. Yeah. Nigga. Reduce this time. Surf doing the same thing.


What if you lock me up? I'm doing every program. What? All that. Yeah. But Do You think it was a mistake face that Rocky turned down that plea? We can't say if it's a mistake or not. I mean, Why not? That's your job. Based Off of Based. Alright, look, based off of that response, I turned it down for those reasons. No, I don't think it's A mistake. I say yes, that was a mistake. If that was your reason for turning it down. Not because YII know I'm innocent. I didn't do it. My reason for turning this down is if I take that plea, it's gonna fuck up my brand deals. Yeah. You can get new brand deals. Yeah. He can see, I mean he believe in the system so he gonna take it to trial or he wants him to come, come with a better deal. Like I said in one of 'em Patreon episodes.


Maybe the last one. If that was the plea, if that, if they offered that to me, I would think I could beat it like that. Don't even sound like they confident in it. But on the flip side, there is a video. Right. And it's now up to interpretation of what you see in that video. And it's a ju jury of your non peers. And it's la This is a high profile case. Yeah. So now you're costing us money. True. And you might still be beefing with a homeboy, whoever, to do this and That. Is he gonna Testify? It ain't like y'all could work together. That's What I wanted. Is he If he is he gonna testify? See, I would've wanted to find that out before I turned down the plea.


I mean, they probably know because that's part of discovery. They, every, each, each side has to hand over their witness list. That's true. True. Yeah. But I mean, I would, I wanna know that though. For me, I hope he didn't make the the wrong decision. Same Time will tell and hopefully he'll be cool. But I don't know, 180 days. So it's not so bad. Not the worst. Not the worst. Yeah. He, well that's it. He had a statement. He or he initially did testify, so they might call him and if he gets on the stand and he said bullets grazed his knuckles and he went and, and sought medical treatment and la Oh yeah.


That, that could go against him. There's too many fucking cases going on. Yeah. Word. There's A lot of cases. Not a lot of music, whole lot of cases. It's the, It is the, It is the year. The artist. Yeah. No, it's tough to keep up with some of the shit. Yeah. Too many cases. Too many scams. Oh shit. Speaking of scams, I recently found out, I meant to say last part, that the Brooklyn, the Brooklyn Aquarium in Co Coney Island. The No, the, the, the the the boardwalk. Oh yeah. With the fish. The the fish by tree that Yeah. Yeah. Was on the news. And Was the koi pond. The koi pond. We got 12 years. Not quite the qua, the tourist attraction.


They're now saying that the person responsible for that koi pond in Brooklyn was only doing it to rehab his image because he had a case going on and was about to go to jail for murder. Shit. Oh Shit. And he went to jail for murder or attempted murder? Attempted murder got 12 years. 12 years. Did did it help though? Like was he looking at more in this rehab a Little bit? No, they came and poured some seamen over them. Shit. They sure Did. They did. Said fuck them fish. Yeah. That's crazy. What he Said, they come there. Yes they did. That shit is outta there. It is not there anymore. It is definitely not there with this. I, I ain't mad it wasn't about to last. I ain't at for August anyway. I ain't mad at the attempt like of, of trying to clean this shit up before it. I, I go before them to get sentenced.


I'm not mad at nobody trying that. Or if I'm getting ready to go to trial. Yeah. Lemme try to clean it up. We've seen it. Couple other people do it. I wonder if homeboy that lunged at that judge and put a, put a beating on her. I wonder if he thinks about that. He got a lot of time. Yeah. Yeah. You god damn right. He was getting a lot of time before he lunged the, that judge that's gotta go down as one of the worst decisions I've seen this decade or By him or, or, Or best. I'm already getting smoked by the court. I'm already getting smoked Ice. Do not use your large platform to say That dog. Some motherfuckers I'm going out with a bang. That's all I'm saying. I've already smoked. Going out with a, it's not the best decision.


Yeah. Yeah. Going out with a bang. It is not the best decision. The best decision. Wrong, wrong word. Wrong word. It's not the best decision. Yeah. Going, going out with a bang sometimes is a horrible, horrible decision That, I think that was a very, I think he thought it through and was like, fuck it. I think he, well he thought it through 'cause he didn't let, he didn't let her go. Yeah. Like I watched that video not too long ago. He didn't let her go. It took a bunch of people to get him off her. What a mistake like That was, I don't think that was like a, a a snap or lapse in judgment. And I just reacted. Nah. Yeah. I don't, I went, yeah. I thought this out. Soon as I get a shot, I'm jumping over there on her ass. Nah. Well now you got plenty of time. You think that makes him like popular in jail? Kinda like, almost like killing a cop type shit. Like assaulting a judge, that sort of thing.


Probably. Especially amongst the other people that she might have sentenced. Good. You got that for me? Yo. Good looking dog. Yeah. We don't encourage this behavior. No, you clearly, I'm not enc that might have been I, I look at things from the other side sometimes and Too many times Somebody gotta do it. We can't all sit here and agree on the same shit. That's True. Hey, either he's revered in the jail for attacking a judge or they fuck him up him and hate him in jail because the judge ate that Or the police going. He got a target on his back. They got those. Oh, for sure they got those. What else? What else? What else do I Have here? Did you, Kanye and Caat are looking to do a stream together over in Japan.


I Didn't hear about it. Thank you for filming me. Oh, You don't even follow the streaming news? They, they, no, I Do. I do Down. You don't even look over there Fucking migrants man. I've been focusing on flipping network shit. But Yo are you and Mel cool in case they send ice to Jersey The other ice. Oh yeah, I'm fine. He's asking you too. I may Not be cool. That would do wonders for this show. Why? What happened Though? If they walked in here while we was Recording and did it? I ain't lie. That would be the best press ever if ice came. How Much money are you giving me And locked you two? Are you coming to get me From ice? You kinda, Because you can, you can bail her out. Oh shit.


Ken's bump be a state anyway. You good? Hm. Canada's gonna be a state anyway. You're all right. It is not gonna happen. What About flip though? I would bail on him out. There we go. Bail Him out. Thank you. How long? How Long now? That's The thing. Couple Knicks games coming up. Yeah. What else's a few things that gotta get done? I cant be on Weekend. Valentine's Day. Valentine's Day right around The corner and Valentine's Day. Come on. I will not farewell. And this summer's about to be lit. I can't bail before the summer, The fight. Oh shit. You gotta get me out for Women's history month. Okay. This in March. You gotta get me out at least by then. The what? Women's history month. Why? Because What what do you do for women's history? She's a historian. She's a cre. She Cre.


Oh, she got a whole list of hot and bothered content for that month. Right? Right. Yes. I I am relaunching in that month. Hello. Wait again. I didn know you Second season motherfuckers. Oh, So you're taking a mother break? I'm building my set right now. I know. And it's beautiful. Thank you. Yes. No Go. No, no. Yes. No, no. Go ahead. Never. Okay. Alright. Just so you'd get, you'd get us out. Yes. Thank you. I appreciate that. That's all that matters. Yeah. That's all that matters. Yeah. I'm calling she coming back on women's history. When, what month is that? March. March. So you went down for how long A month? If she left, if she got deported now she'd be locked up. They had to put her through the ringer. Yo mails, mails throw broke me.


I'm not them niggas Are forced mail. They take mad pictures. Y'all saw you at a podcast. It happens. Let's see, let's see, let's see here. Why does, this is old T two but I still want to ask why Jason Whitlock felt like he had a chance with Joy Taylor. Like he was going on his show saying Oh geez. For everybody. All of us Could have took it down. I was Watching like, that sound like a s that like I don't, Lots of hate. You might Have had a chance. I don't think That sound like a hate. That's Contrarian Shit. Again, a nigga, if a nigga have a chance, you never do that. If you are corny nigga not used to getting chances or whatever, you might do that If you, if she moving around like that.


I got a position up here. No. No. What? No, no. What he, he ain't got nothing to offer her. He has a position up there. No. No he don't. He didn't have a, he ain't up there. He Didn't have a position up there at the time. Not in the executive. I ain't saying nothing about executive level. It ain't gotta be executive. I could have a spot on the show and you trying to get popping. It happens. Mel, I don This Yo Jason. That's some nasty Mel. Don't, It Happens. It is nasty a Lot. I'm with Mel. Mel don't like what you're doing. Yeah. So we, so we, we all in a So that don't happen then even If he had a chance, I don't that Jason Whitlock could have beat Joy.


Taylor, Cory saying yes because I, I'm not saying it's impossible. Oh okay. That's that's what I was saying. Oh No. Whack niggas whack. Niggas get fly pussy all the time. Okay. I, in this particular instance, I don't believe that he was the one who's coming. Especially Sound like The nigga that got around throwing it on anything that got some motion up there. He's sound like a nigga that got curves in that Shit. Yeah, but that's hate. That is hate. That's hate Because niggas be saying that. Oh she fucking everybody and you don't be included into everybody. Exactly. You can't even name the everybody they just say that because Couldn't get it. Yeah man you mad because you went to everybody Years seen a lot of times. I'm not discrediting that. I'm saying that he might have had a shot though. Yeah, I don't see it. No.


You know, Shot The joy Taylor. I don't see it. I could Be wrong. Im Trying to block the mental image of That's true. While we're here, while we are here, do does anybody care about the Netflix price hikes? No. Honestly no. No. Really I don't care no more. Like they got me. I mean all these shit keep going up every time I look. I just got one from Disney again. Yep. HBO again. Yeah, They got us Peacock again. They're just so frequent. That's my fucking issue. Didn't Netflix just have one like six months ago? Yes, that's the problem. It is like shouldn't the hike be like minimum once a year, not fucking two. The NFL game, All of that. All that live content shit they doing. Yeah.


Y'all wanted Beyonce. Hey we got wrestling over here now Y'all wanted the new season of you. So this is what you get. The ad tier goes from 6 99 to seven point 99. Standard goes from 1549 to 1799. Premium goes from 2299 to 24 99. Yeah, that's what I pay. I wish they offered the annual. Yeah, Like that's usually how I get 'em. Mm. If you offer the annual I purchase that Netflix and a couple other ones are are smart because we can raise our price at any time. And you just gotta, you, you here where if you got an annual, my price don't increase until my next renewal Facts.


So Hulu don't do it. Like if you get the top Hulu shit, you can't get an annual Netflix, don't do it. But there's a couple of them that'll allow you the opportunity to purchase an annual pass. I mean annual subscription. Mm. Stop raising the prices. But we don't give a fuck. We, we up here don't care. I know you might get mad but niggas Niggas is All right. Just take it out the account. We all right man. Big mail. All right. She don't care. She probably don't wanna check that. Mm Take it. Take it. She got, she got someone else's account. Yeah, I got my own Netflix account. Oh. Oh Mel, don't check that Mel. Are you late on paying bills? Is your shit on auto pay? Yeah. Okay, So Yeah, because I forget shit has to be on auto pay for me. So you trust auto pay Man, Why not?


No, I'm saying don't On auto pay, You get the text messages. Not really. Depends On who. Yeah. Yeah. Depends on who for me. Yeah. EZPass is never getting auto Car Easy Pass. Oh no, no, No. You can't Put pass The car. Con will never get the Autopay. Yeah. Cond not getting Auto. Oh no. My PPSG gets the autopay. Really? Take that right away. They Must be a little nicer over here than they are over there. Take that. They just Throw some extra shit on there sometimes for the fucking it. Yeah. Fucking Cond. Now Everybody got the smart meter now too, so they can do the direct readings. Yeah. No more estimates. Y y'all got it. Also, before we go, are y'all putting any stock in the rumor? I mean, I read, I don't say cheese but I'll, I'm gonna assume that it's a rumor still that iPhones with TikTok are selling for 40 grand and up.


Yes. Holy shit. They are. I got two phones. So we're rolling with this. People Are listing. Alright. They're not selling for 40 grand and up. That's the asking price. Like if you go on eBay right now and look up iPhones with TikTok people putting 'em up to 50 grand, 60 grand, 40 grand, 30 grand. Now GameStop is, and this is because TikTok, I'm sorry this because TikTok is no longer available in the app store. Correct? Yes. You cannot, like any of us have TikTok on our phones now. Don't we can use it. I don't but if you delete that app, you cannot now go into the app store and redownload it. It's not there anymore. So this happened a couple years ago with that game that drove everybody crazy. Flappy Bird Temple Run. Nah, temple Run stayed in there.


That did drive everybody crazy though. That Was the shit though. And that was many years. That was The shit though. But nah, it, it happened then like when, when something's very popular and it's removed out of the app store, if you have a device with it on there, they'll, they'll start putting a premium on. I saw a tweet that GameStop Was buying some TikTok Phones as well. No, they were saying bring your phone. They buy phones. So they're saying bring 'em here so we can give you $3 for it. I'm about to say GameStop gonna give you 3 99. Yeah. You're Not gonna, they Don't pay for shit. Remember one time I needed some money when I was a young pup and brought my little resident evil up in there. Man, that was the last time I went in GameStop. Niggas offered me 75 cents. You get no money for no games. But yeah, with the TikTok shit people are, I think it's dumb.


Do what you gotta do. Shout to everybody like You, you are leaving your, yeah. You can sign outta iCloud delete certain apps. I'm not giving nobody No, I'm about To say how you gonna wipe the phone? You, you can't wipe the phone. That's the thing. I'm not giving away no phone that I haven't wiped completely. Exactly. I don't care. There's ways you can get shit back and I'm, I'm not playing. People are saying Yeah, sign outta your iCloud, delete every app off of the phone except for TikTok. Make sure you sign outta that and then go sell it or whatever. I'm cool. It's too much for that. Niggas gonna figure out a way to get some money. Too much. Yeah. Nah. If you getting it, get it. I ain't gonna hold you. They gonna figure it out. You Find somebody dumb enough. You know 50 bands is insane.


That's just the asco. I don. Nobody's paying that. Nah, nobody's paying. I don't have anything else. I do want to hit the round of applause. Jalen Brunson and Bodega Cat both named Eastern Conference Starters for the All Star team. Good shit. It's the first time that the Knicks have had two starters since Earl Monroe and Damn Walk. Clyde Frazier and 62 or 63, 1 of them years. So Big deal. Real big deal. Lot of people out there saying that Lalo Ball got fucking snubbed to those people.


I say Lalo Ball has won 11 games. Yeah. And has missed probably 17 games off the top of my head. Oh yeah. I can't put him over Donovan Mitchell or Jalen Brunson Go Knicks man. For sure. It is. It's a big deal. First, first time I've seen it in my lifetime. Congratulations to Jalen Brunson and Carl Anthony Towns, Slu slu Absolute all. And that's it. That's what I got. I'm picking my winners and in these games, the bills will have to beat the rest and the chiefs. But I'm gonna pick 'em to do that. And the coin toss. I don have to beat a lot of elements.


A lot of factors. I'm picking the bills and I'm picking the commanders. Even if I'm off in it, I'm, I'm just, I'm rooting for them. I'm rooting For 'em going Chiefs commanders. Even though I wouldn't be mad to say Quan getting the shot. I just feel like the Eagles wouldn't do nothing. I feel like they could get to the game and just not do, not this, not this weekend in the Super Bowl mean they Got a good defense. Their whole team is there. Oline D Line. Yeah. That's it. They don't really need nobody to do nothing else. Go Commanders, man. Fuck that. Yeah, I'm, I'm going. I commanders, if I'm going Commanders and, and Commanders and Bills, I would like to See that. I told y'all I don't wanna see the Chiefs in there again. Sorry, I'm a hater. Whatever you wanna say. I just don't, you know, I'm a hater.


Okay. Sorry. I just don't want to See that. Any thoughts on Ben Johnson to the beers? We'll see, we'll see. Oh, you sound shaky. Yeah, I don't, it's Fine. It's fine. The hot, the hot defensive or offensive coordinator is always like a risky move. It doesn't always work out well. Pete Carroll did the Raiders. Pete, Pete Carol to the Raiders. I was about to say, how do you feel about that one? I I like that. I like Pete Carroll. He's a good coach. Yeah. I like Pete Carroll too. What amazes me about these coaches is they'll be 78 facts. 77. Like I want to give it another go. What? Sit down. Nah, that's, that's all I got. That's it. Yeah. That's fly.


That's fly. Fuck that. Shout to Pete Carroll. Man. Shout to Ben Johnson. My man that got hired for the, for the Jets. Glen Aaron. Glenn. Aaron. Aaron. Aaron Glenn. I think he will be. He I think he'll be good. He gets the energy of a head coach for sure. Yeah. He should do a good job. Yeah. He Should do a good job. And he's from the Jets. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's, that's a dope story. I think that organization's a mess though, so I don't have too much faith in it going great. You think Aaron Rods comes back next year? That's gonna be the interesting question. An last interesting questions. I do think it comes back. I don't know if it's New York Dog. I saw a post that said the betting odds have Aaron Rogers and you know, there was list of teams. Like the odds of him going wherever at the top is Pittsburgh.


I'm telling y'all like this here. If he come to the Steelers, I'm not watching football. I'm, I'm, I'm hanging it up. Stop it Ice. Yeah, right. I Stop it. I'm not watching stealer football. I'm hanging it up. Stop it first. I'm hanging it up. If Aaron Rogers, First of all Aaron Rogers is not going to the Steelers, but in the event that he did, I'm hanging it up. You would be at the local sports bar Checking it out. No, no. I would hang up my fandom for that year. I'm hearing Aaron Rogers to the Vikings. I could See that. I keep hearing that. But we shall see. I wanna hear Aaron Rogers go Home. I wanna see where Sam Darnell goes. I wanna see where Kirk Cousins goes. I just wanna see, I Wanna see when Russ leaves. You don't want Russ back. I want youth. Okay. That's our problem. I don't want like people saying, oh Sam darn may come to I don't want, no I don't want a veteran quarterback.


Right. Sam Don's like 26 though. I want Justin Fields to be developed. Okay. That's what I want. Develop him. Justin Fields older than Sam. Don shut up. Let him go. Let the kid go. Give Him a fair shake. Let him go. You had us four wins early on in the Season. I Justin Fields, I think he's gonna do good wherever he Alright If he eventually gets the Shot. My last sports question for y'all. Who do y'all think the number one pick NFL draft will be? Shado. K board. K board. Who got the first pick? It's tight. Tennessee. Want someone do something stupid. Trade it. I want somebody do something stupid. All right. I'm done with sports. I'm done with sports.


I read a tweet and, and somebody said I feel like Conductor and Alchemist have been having a silent beat battle. I saw that tweet and now I cannot unhear it. I cannot unhear it. So I'm playing a sleeper. Larry June two Chainz Alchemist. This is Dope. That was crazy. It kept sending Me yo playing this over over a slaughterhouse beat. Oh y'all had that? No. Oh. And thank the lucky lord up above that. We didn't boy this beat right here. That'd be stupid. That'd be stupid Man. Listen.


And these brothers did they thing Man listen I light a candle in the booth and let this instrumental rock for the next 90 hours. Oh my God. Tell Quent do not check me. Ho check that Apple watch. See if your blood pressure Nigga what do you hear this be? Ojo would've went crazy on that. Well Do not shake me Yo Yo blood pressure high door.


Don't play with him. Yes sir. With slicking the oil. That's right man On the real nigga. Here go. I never tell you that I didn do it. I'm self made, made to influence. I turn your castle to a ruin of the season in the Martha Stewart. The first one Get the egg nigga caught. Everything we had was spread with the ramen noodles. The young nigga going sped on the pharmaceutical 12 come through and book him like bro. And knows how you go from a misfit into a mogul. Yeah. This track called to wake him up.


Call it Ger surrounded by angels. Demons can't approach us. May Yamar do Cardenas baby buis. No, see I'm the big dog. I'm the cane course. End up in different spots. Had the same choice. Soon as I plant a seed, I pray the rain moist. Soon as I left our new edition gave a game poison. You know these ball is hard like some dang oyster perpetual face match the air forces. What author Good Girls didn't make Bad Choices. You see Chop What Author Good Girls didn't make Bad Choices. Yeah. What author Good Girls that made Bad Choices Sir.


Magnesium Wheels on the porch made a cup of eggs extra. So soda, half a bird with the moisture trying to dodge the blue and yellow jacket and them four TAs wind up a metric time with my bitch in Delore. The A SC McLaren rocking all Buck had cocked to the side. I'm a connoisseur. How you niggas broke as fuck but outside chasing hoods. I ain't got no labor wanting to fish but it's all de It is the blow that been waiting on. I got a 80 on while you kissing ass to that nigga you be hating on got certain accounts just for money growth. And I don't even gotta do shit but just make more real nigga go make sure it's family real nigga never quit. Even when it slow. Oh you thought them was some can goods bust them shits open then we right back on the road down quarter million on the fucking floor.


You know these balls is hard Like some dang oyster. Oyster, perpetual face match. Air force. What other good girls that make Bad Choices? What all the good girls that make Bad Choices? Yeah. What other good girls that make Bad Choices? Brand new music. That record is called Bad Choices. Larry, Joe Two. Chainz Alchemist, Usher is hard On. Huh? Man that beat is super stupid. Oh my god that beat is insane. Shout out to those brothers man. Shout out to Rapsody.


Seen Rhapsody at the event the other day. Some more B shit. Shout to my girl in there low all rap. Yeah man. Shout to rap. Freeze. What you got? All right. Yo, I'm going to Houston. This record is called Deep Inside Kirko. Bangz Kirk what up? Oh Shit. Hey we got ACO sighting. Kurt Nigga can't come back home. This when I heard that when I was back home, niggas got these feelings Deep Inside.


Every time they see me shout her they pride. I heard what she said. But please don't play with me. We all in this club gonna try to stand by me in my pants. I got these masks in my hair. Don't want these ho gonna be confused with a nigga like you because these niggas know Deep Inside that I'm there nigga these niggas know Deep Inside that I'm going to get. I gotta stop being friends with these niggas. I gotta stop laying out with these bitches. I gotta stop playing around with my riches. I gotta stop and my city almost left on. I gotta stop my city on on Slept on. I don fuck y'all playing with a nigga like me. With a nigga like me. They aint me. Deep Inside. I know it inspire me Deep Inside.


I know it don't like me Deep Inside. I know it. I know. Deep Inside. Deep Inside. I don Deep Inside. Inside. Yeah. It ain't hard to tell. I see this shit straight, straight through you. Shit crazy man. Niggas mad over.


Niggas mad over bitch. I don't fuck no more. She always want fuck. I don't touch the heart. The nigga's mad at me 'cause I'm getting back ends and he ain't got no back ends since he been rapping ever since I was 15. Man I been tapped in and all them boys that was in heaven, I done left in no handouts, no handshakes. They just said man down no handouts, no handshakes since some them mad. No man straight fuck y'all niggas. And I don't ever put no broke holes above my niggas and I don't ever bring no fake niggas around my niggas. And if you bring a fake nigga around you not mind you. You not mine. I gotta stop and my sitting on almost slept on. I gotta stop. I sitting almost slept on.


I done fuck y'all playing wrong with a nigga like me Would a nigga like me Hey me Deep Inside. I know it DPIs me Deep Inside. I know don't like me Deep Inside. I know it. I know a I know they Deep Inside. I know DPIs me Deep Inside. I don Deep Inside And that was Deep Inside Kirko Bangz Fire. Glad to hear some Coco. Yeah man I feel like I haven't heard Kirko Bangz music since like 2012 but maybe I missed. Yeah you Missed.


You missed a couple. But It is glad to see you back out here though. I'm throw, I'm playing some throwback shit. I'm going to Jersey. This is Redman Jersey. Yo Yo. Yo yo. What's upon time up in Jersey? Yo ha record. Yo. I knocked on her Smoke here pay a little visit to ya. I heard them niggas and the bricks get smoked a lot. I heard them niggas out at Brooklyn get smoked a lot. I heard them niggas all up town get smoked a lot. I heard them niggas out in, I threw the last drop like I was Maxwell and Blunts came into into Grease called me a black belt. A worldwide chinky off Chrome in chicken riding.


Shoddy as she boost all her dinkies. This is your brain. This is my tape for drugs. If your lame as can't feel it, then your cord unplug. P ppp smoke your weed. Ain't nobody around. You just got clowned for a whole half a pound. Now I doing a lot of stupid shit when not be smoking. One time I left my truck running there Brooklyn wide open. I forget who I call asking me tire. Click over. What's up bitch. Oh hi mama. Yo. When I'm on stage rhyming, I forget what state that I'm in the bitches numbers. I lost my baby mama find them. I played the lottery 40 million that day. I probably won the motherfucker but I forgot that out yo. Once upon a time up in Jersey, Yo I damn it had hole yo.


I knocked on nose visit to y'all. I heard them niggas helping in Cali get smoked a lot. All them niggas in Atlanta get smoked a lot. I heard them niggas in Virginia get smoked a lot. I heard them niggas, when I get high I start throwing water in the crowd. Battle them seeds off the top. Slaughter in the child. Detroit calling gas Miami calling cri no matter what you call it. Ipi peeling back my She ain yo call niggas got bomb. Same ball made me forget my mama's birthday in this tattoo on my arm. I misplace my Lex keys. Every time I bez up I was caught putting Christmas trees up and it was Easter new.


Your motherfuckers feel high tonight knowing y nigga shit dry tonight. However the plan go close the camera van though so we can all die and get high for secondhand smoke. Brick City got the pet empty out. Your black and mouse smoking the L with earn frequent flyer Mouse. I flew around the planet with my weed truck in. I need to go to EO Rehab and Jersey. Yo. I damn near had the record yo. I knocked the, It is here to pay a little. I heard them niggas in the Bronx get smoke a lot. I heard them niggas up in Yonkers get smoke a lot.


I heard them niggas InTown get smoke a lot. I heard them niggas in Detroit get smoke a lot. Lie lie y'all Yo Redman Jersey, Yo. Some classic shit. Woo. Nice flip on that. I've been, I've been going back to Red Man's discography lately so felt like it was What the album Muddy Waters or Fuck is that one? There's a Dark side. There's a Dark Side. No, I wasn't even asking. There's a Dark side. Go ahead. My favorite is Muddy Waters. But what the album is number two for me. Fuck. I forgot the name of this album. The one that this one's on. This is damn, what was the name of that shit?


Red Gold Wild or some Shit? No, wasn't that one Doc's the name Doc's the name 2000. That's it. That is a great album too. Yeah, he's got, he's got some shit. That one. Yeah. But anyway, my bad, my bad. What's up Mel? What we got Mine is by an artist named Maesu and it's called Sex on GPS. Let's get it. I be fucking in the car. Oh my. Come on to me. I'm trying to get freaky in the car. Hey I got put the Pusy back my face.


We On. Hey We don't get throw it away. Put the pussy back my Face. I don touch me.


No, We On Let's go Bruno. Hey. 1, 2, 1, 2 Bob.


1, 2, 1, 2 now. Hey. Hey. Sitting on his sleepers. Sitting on his sleepers. Even when he not here. Yeah. Big male running shit now. A big male running shit now. Fuck they gonna do with big mail? Hey, what they gonna do with, Hey You can tell when you've been out for a little bit. I always tell when you when waiting just some shit. Go ahead Big. Hey It is Maesu Sex on GPS Sex on GPS?


Yeah. Okay. Oh Poppy, I like it. Yeah far. I like it. Hookah lounge vibe. Hey, where was at? Where you was at? That blue now? I ain't playing that blue. No. Who you at? You said at Drift? Nah, it was at Saga. Hey saga. Don't forget this weekend we had Disney on ice this weekend. We got the, we got the box. No, this weekend we're at the heat game. Hey, the heat game. Who they playing? The Nets? The Nets? She got the, oh, the Barclay. I thought you was in Miami with it. Oh, I thought you took a trip lit. No, Fuck that. It's, I thought you was at the Miami with Tyler with somebody.


It's snowing down there. Yeah, it's freezing in Miami. It is freezing. I'm due for a Miami trip. I ain't gonna, when it's warm, I'll let my girl hear that. But I'm due. Me too. But she gonna try to up it talking about, all right, I'm gonna to Carnival. It's like, oh Carnivals. That's not the exchange for Carnival Carnival's coming. I'm Going. She definitely go to Carnival though. You going how? How many days I put it in? You don't have to anymore. No, I'm saying You don't have, you don't have to put nothing in no more, but you don't have to. Nah, I just wanna let y'all know you can take whatever you want bro. That's why I worked this hard. Don't right to call a nigga gonna move right on you niggas.


Fuck you thought you had me all the way? Yes, yes. I flip. They got you. What got you buddy? Got you. You See I be calling a lit Nigga. Everybody that be talking that contract shit. What? The day before come. I get 'em. I get 'em. Damn you Mel. It is your keep the gang together you want Man, I don't wanna Go nowhere. I did y'all a favor. I sped y'all on my poems. Gotta give out. I might give him some of the poems, man. Alright, next week Big Doll coming through. Okay. And Corso.


Oh, little Omar up in this piece. Hey. Oh man. Exciting times. Exciting times. All right, we outta here man. Ooh, I get it. Yeah Man. Hopefully y'all have enjoyed this broadcast as much as we have enjoyed delivering it to you.


Shout to our good brother Ish and Amani here with us in spirit. Get better soon, man. Feel better. Hey, you Don't want be your, oh, I been going crazy to marry my Life album this week. I have. I have. And that's the verses we need. We need Usher verse Mary. Mm mm That's the one. Mary came out in 91, 92. Archer came out in 93, 94 Did. There we go. They both are long tenured. Both got hits out to Wazoo.


Mad I have to say the word wazoo Up Here on this. Got the could go to rap bag with records. Features, features And RB. Yeah, that's The ballot. Slow it down. Yeah. Uptempo. I think that's fair. That would be, yeah. I like That. I think that's fair. I thought of it while I was listening to my life. I like that. Trying to decide what album is better between my life and Confessions. Confessions has the hits so they'll win. But my life, It is the nostalgia. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do farewell.


Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. In lastly, the baddies are insecure to stack in. Women want to travel. Oh, And To Close minded women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol. You might need it. What's going on? What y'all got going on for the weekend? Work for Flip Mel. Heat game. Freeze, baby Free or nah, baby free. No, all. So I ain't gonna bump anybody. Streets run around A little bit tomorrow. We'll see. Hey, you in town?


No run. Alright. Say less than hit me. Oh, we outside. Tell I Don't think I got nothing too crazy going on this weekend, man. Quiet weekend. Watch some football For sure. Sunday. I'm off, off limits. Might gimme a little spade game or something. I'm in the house, man. I'm waiting for 2025 to feel itself out before I step out. Facts. Oh yeah. Y'all playing? Huh? Y'all playing? Mark was talking kind of reckless about the spade game. I'm, I'm gonna invite him. I doubt he shows up, but I am gonna invite him. Mark, Just be talking man.


I wanna Yes Sir. Again, shout to the patron. Shout to the subgroups. Shout to the first and last time. Listeners. Shout to all the sponsors, all the integrations. We couldn't do it without you. Shout to the fans, shout to the ladies out there listening.


Shout the niggas, the Doughboy, the scam, and all that. Nine to five. As entrepreneurs shout, everybody's still listening right now and knows you oughta just tuned in, man. Couldn't do without you. Couldn't do without you. We going, man. Y'all have a good weekend. We'll be back. Same time, same place. Hey, hey. That's What I miss most about rapping. Just the ad lib track. Just let me just scream over myself. Fuck it.


Nose, nose, nose, nose, nose, nose, nose, nose, nose, nose, nose, nose, nose. No, Joe. Daddy, look. I got Look. Look. I got. Look, look, look, look, look, look. Look. Look. Look, I got fucking small hands of soft mouth. Okay? I'm doing just whoa shit. J-B-P-J-B-P without the Watch yourself at that heat game.