
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show. What the fuck is they talking about? Yeah. Ain't nobody say that. Ain't nobody say that son. Somebody said that. I don't think So I. Even if they didn't, I'm gonna remind them. Trying to hype yourself up.


Reminder, reminder nigga lit me up on a reminder. Did quick little popop for nothing. Just in case you just In case you 10 years later, just in case was absolutely nothing. Sometimes I didn't do nothing at that point I was cold as ice. Just in case. In case you thought about doing something. Let me remind you. Hope is a piece of shit. Just In case you even over there thinking about it. Pow button up. What he saying? All you ordinary Joe. Tell the ordinary Joe to button up. God damnit. You flipped it though. I gotta give it to you. You flipped it. I mean, did I have a choice?


You flipped it. Niggas was firing on me. I never had a peaceful moment with, without somebody firing off on me. How does that feel bro? Like I already, I I know that like how does that feel? Like? It's like I finally got here and It is somebody else. Cotton Ray. I've grown the thickest of Skin Falls man. I had no choice. You can't just keep getting hurt. That's fact. You just wake up one day and turn on your phone. B nigga just, you know you knew you were gonna get that though. Old version of what he thinks happened between, I've been pretty consistent in it. Y'all engagement fishing. I mean I didn't say nothing new. I've been saying the same thing for three years. Suck my dick responded to that too. Girl. A sub.


But she did. Girl. Girl. I know Houston bitches. You ain't got to, we ain't got to go back and forth. Think don don't know. Read that. I go another one. Wants to remind everyone that she was cleared by both parties and shooting. Alright, clap it up. Getting cleared after you do some shit. That's snitching bro. That's snitching right now. Yeah. Rat. Look at Mel trying get me in trouble. Yeah, no We up. Read these tweets. Live reaction. you know what? I'm gonna bleep it. It don't matter me ice. And Ray was talking some good music shit here. Getting me messy. Getting me messy And I don't do that to you.


don. Don't do that to you as your P brother. That's a good point. You point no no, nah. As your P brother. I do not do that to you. He let you slide and one of the shit big to a couple times, a lot of times. Nigga you was like Michael Jackson put this nigga in. He let you slide. He did what? Mel's my man. Man it's electric. It just, no, it just had to do with the comment he made about developing big. That nigga threw subs that matter. She, she knows the subs was there but she ain't catch it. She ain't eat it. She ain't go to subways. She ain't go to Bies or nothing. Yo. Sure didn't. I sure didn't. Niggas don't wanna talk about a queen doesn't come out. It come down off of her fucking throat. Here you go. Talk about Hello Queen Elizabeth. Rest. Peace. Hello. Hello.


I don't, I don't think, I don't think you gotta be, you gotta be specific and intentional with what you're trying to do and where you're trying to go. And if you got big aspirations and, and big visions, then you better get thick skin. Period. That's true. That's true. True. That's how I feel. That's true. Like if, if you want what come with, you know what I mean? Yeah. Then ain't no time to get distracted with words and insignificant, inconsequential, just distractions. That Shit could trick you off your game real quick too. Like you fuck around loose focus and outta here. Yeah, but there's a, there's a different kind of criticism. There's, if I criticize you, it's different. If I say I don't like Joe, why Joe look like that's different. But if I say something about something you did once anybody knows, once you put something in the world, you put in the world to get judged.


We all went to school. You wear them sneakers, you thought, what the fuck do you have on? What are those? What of that? you Know like When, you put something on, you got a chance to get judged. If you make music, you got a chance to get judged. Now if you judge me, it's different. But judge my work, that's what we do. Somebody says I sucked. I'd be like, how can I get better? Yeah, that's you. What do I suck these niggas? It is too Sensitive. Sound good. But that ain't, that ain't real life today. I say don don't like your album. They fired on you. Oh yeah. But okay, so listen. Okay, so here's if I'm gonna say don don't like your album, I'm gonna also give you the reason why It don't matter even worse. And I try to Make it in logic by the way. I try not to say I did 'cause you know, music is subjective or objective. Like I, like, I try to listen to music objectively rather than subjectively.


'cause I want to figure out the artist's mind. Like you might not have made that for me. Right. You might have made that for somebody else. So if I'm judging it, it wasn't even for me anyway. Yeah. So I'd rather judge it based on what it was for. And then I'll say, did he hit his mark? It's like When, you watch politics, you're like, I might not like what you said but I'm still listening what you said. Right. I'm still listening to see if you said something that made me say Oh Shit. That does make sense. Same thing. So if it don't match it, it's not that. It's not that. And what you, what Joe says, you're speaking from the inside. So you actually, you can't tell me, I don't know. I've been in a room, I wrote a record, I've made a record. So you know the mindset of an artist walking into a situation, You can say I know you are trying to do this. There's nothing wrong with that.


Because we know in the studio we ain't nobody just say put on a beat, let's make anything. It's like put on a beat. Let's make a hit, put on a beat. Let's go to the clubs, put on a beat, let's do this. But he understands this. So if You can man that. And some of you niggas are really, really bad at that. Nothing wrong with saying it. I agree with everything he said. I also believe some of y'all are really bad at all those things you just said. And somebody gotta say it. Fish outta water sometimes. Oh man. Well shit, the music business stopped hiring musicians. That's true. That year. So what we gonna act line? Yeah, we got beat right there in here.


And now I'm in my music. Gee bag. Now I Can't wait. Yeah. Alright. What? I'm not nothing. I We friends today. We Friends. I was about to say we friends. We friends. Yes. Girl. No, no. We Good. We good. And Me. and you Me and you come on. Gimme a little bit. Gimme a little bit. That's my man right there. It's August. Yeah. Yes. There you Go. Every time you have a secret meeting of us, you make sure that you always big yourself up in a meeting. I'm kind of getting tired of that. Like, yo y niggas just gotta do this. you know? I be killing shit. So like, nigga, like that's not motivation nigga that, that's not motivational, that's cockiness.


That's just, that's how Does it make you feel Flip Don don't Like that. They don't know what you're talking about. Every time you have a meeting as far as conduct Mel, You agree with this Or how we producing? Well no, it's a fact. You absolutely do that All the time. Right man. Yeah. He, he'll, he'll address each and every one of us individually. And then when he gets to himself, he said, but I be killing shit. you know, I turn up when the, when the, when the fire come, nigga. Even if I'm having the day off, nigga niggas don't know. They don't know. So yeah. Got like, that's not motivational nigga, shut the fuck up, nigga. Let us criticize him using Himself as the bar. Yeah. He, I just wanna ask A question. What's up? I'm just, I'm just gonna be as objective as possible. I love, let's say if Joe, let's say if Joe was Joe and there was another Joe that was beside outside of the camera that came as a director and said, yo, listen, you gotta step it up.


Flip. You gotta step it up Joe. You killing it. Does that feel different? Yes. Okay. So, so then, And that's still foul. Who the fuck are you to tell us? I don. He's The director. We just said he's the Director of the show. don don't wanna hear that. Nobody, nigga I don don't, don't compare me to nobody. Nigga. If you gonna critique me, critique me and only me, yo. You gotta do this. I don't want you big somebody up to me. I'm not, that's not, that's not a Flex. Right? I dream of Genie or or nightmare don don't know which one, which one It is but of the day where I hire a fucking line producer to come in this fucking this circuit. Exactly. Yo. A line producer in here. Flip. Don't do that. Flip next time. Oh My Lord. Flip will fight the producer 100%.


First day. Yeah. First day Mel. Oh he Just show Joe. He just be a biased joke. Flip will fight the producer and Mel make the producer quit. No, no, that's wrong. That's wrong. The producer make Mel cry. Mel no Mel crying would make the producer quit. Oh, okay. Alright. Every Day one time I cried though honestly I've, I've developed some tougher skin. come on, you guys gotta give me my props. Corey, shut the fuck up. Okay, you don't even have a mic right now, but come on now y'all. I have, I have developed some thicker skin Mel. come on. We just come on just Last, come on. No fish for just last pot. No fish for thick skin. She fish sitting Outside and I made the joke about why Imma sue and you got really upset and ran inside and never came back out there talking to us.


Oh Shit. That was just last po Don. Don't think that the two things had anything to do with each other. I think I was taking a phone call which was Really gonna confuse Anyways. You just fine. So whatever you say, niggas just have been agreeing with your whole life. That's a lie. Wait, what? That's a lie. Nah, You tripping me. You got some music right? Yeah. Motivat me. I mean not ish. Fucking It is just not here. By the way. Miss Ish Ish is not here. You miss your Call. His name I love Ish. Call his name in van you miss. That's another thing you do. Yeah. Call him. He not here. He's not here. He's over there minding his business. I know you miss him. I know you miss him. But let him let him chill.


That's another thing y'all two do is hate on mine and ish relationship. I Hate on everything that you do pertaining to internet. That's another thing you do. And every one of the co-hosts here YouTube do. I definitely don't. You do. I don't hate on your relationship with Ish don don't like it. I like the dynamic. It's it It is part of the reason why the, what the viewers really love is watching your dynamic. It is Oh, speaking of shit that the viewers love. It is, It is It is. Yes. Speaking of shit that the, that the viewers love. Oh yeah I can, I can't do it 'cause I already paid out on shit like this. The viewers. The viewers loved it. Whatever you had on last part, the viewers loved. They Thought you were well dressed. Oh well thanks. Shout out to S One, the Mark Lamont episode. There's no correlation between the two. I didn't even know he was coming. And on top of That I didn't say it Was. You Keep, yes.


You don't say what I keep looting. You keep alluding To that. I'm stating a fact. I had to check you outside about your dress blowing everywhere. Like you hold it down, these niggas outside. It was, it was windy. Yeah that Shit was blowing up. And then the community made a little clip of you getting up from the couch doing that thing that you did. I can't say redacted. Redacted, redacted. Yeah. Little miss ma'am. I Saw, I didn't get why she did that though. Listen, I was trying to hold it down. Apparently she was brought some shit last. Apparently there's been a trash summer dress season or what do you guys call it? Sundre season. SREs season. Apparently there's been a trash sundress. So I'm trying to hold it down By doing what you did When. You got up. You did okay. And that you did. What Did I do? What did I do? Nah, tell me exactly what I did Show him. Stop that nigga show.


Do you know what? Don't say show me that Nigga hard right now. Don't stand up bro. Travis. Don't imagine. Don't imagine it. You got up and you, you know. Oh my god. He saved the clip. Nigga. What? Hey nigga, what you nigga hear? That shit a loop you nigga. You nigga. It is perfect. Slow mode. You nigga filtered it. You niggas perfect. There's some music behind it. Yeah. you know she Got it. But you know she, I don't know what don don't know why she did that. And then he posted the pick. Soon as the folder came the fo I just got the folder picks from Paul. Here go flip ya me and my sis.


Yeah. Two peas in the pod. Yeah. Pick was looking healthy. Right. Alright. Got got milk. Nah, I'm joking. Yo. Listen I do have music or something so. So speaking of things that fans love, we gotta congratulate you first two time winner of pot of the month. Hey. Oh okay. You gonna speech? You gonna say nothing I don have nothing to say. I have nothing to say other than maybe thank you to the community. My telekinesis is working. My telekinetic powers. Yeah, I gotta, there we go. Thank the Lord Father of the muffin.


July. See, see y'all. I'm gonna get mad at them. I'm sorry. Alright. I'm gonna get mad at them because I agree with y'all. I'm gonna get mad at them don. I know you agree with me. I do know you agree with me though. Don't. Alright, let's let that. I ain't shooting at you. I'm here with nothing but love for everybody. I bet. Shooting at you. But That is funny. I know you agree with me. True. Oh. Shit. Alright. Like where the fuck is the bar nigga? Y'all nigga trying to play with me yo. Hey there you go. See? come on. Yeah, get your shit off. I don't wanna get started. That always makes me happy. I love it. When I. See this? I love it when old married couples. I love it when old married couples die really close together.


What the fuck? I love that. I will clip that out of the newspaper every time I see it. To me there is just nothing more romantic than a good old fashioned to murder suicide. Yeah. Mic check. 1, 2, 1 2 minus Check. What up Jersey?


What up? New York City Bought water bottles for two bucks. Coca-Cola came and bought it for fans. What the fuck? Have a baby by me baby. Be a man there. I write the check before the baby comes. Who the fuck Care I'm rich. My dad trying to spin This shit South Side. I used to Wherever you might be. Listen Rich, I'm Lifting.


Get it. Let's get it Don. Shit nigga. All the shit I all the time. I'm on some bullshit. Gimme some some chocolate Spark shit. Say all the time I smoke that shit. I'm, I'm on. Every time I roll up nigga holler up. I tell them up. You ain't getting money, you ain't smoking a motherfucker.


I be on back streets nigga. Every time I pop up going I shoot the dice and holler. Get them girls Daddy new shoes. Daddy need Pellis to look mean on 22 St. Box, Xbox, laptop, fax machine, phone. Full bitching. I'm gone. 2003 Suburban swerving too many sips of Henny. The D sickness searched the whip and they can't find a semi. They was just harassing me 'cause they didn't know who I was. Spent the Night Central smoking some bull nigga some That is This.


shit. Shit at me. This Mike Check 1, 2, 1 2. Mike check 1, 2, 1 2. We Know where we Need to. August got his Dope watching Goat out the I'm just Leo season, but y'all almost out here nigga. Scheming being a good life. My weapon. So You can the penitentiary definitely for Find Save my life. So. I Hustle I don.


Alright, y'all ready? you know it. Yes sir. Oh, there you go. That's the one. That's the one at Mel. Reading some shit. Look at Mel on Spiritual Healing, boy. Okay. Chill.


That shit will get you hype. Everybody relax. Mel was over there Googling Shazaming. Mel had to hit that Shazam on these niggas. I want to put a 50 playlist together as soon as I leave. Please do. Dummy. Listen man. It is summertime. Big mouth did it for sundress season. Shout out to the baddies out there. Almost strained my eyes. Watching some of you bitches. Making sure the inch up the fucking microwave wasn't bending in the background of your pictures. Oh. Shit. I had to make sure that fucking door frame was straight. I had to get my fucking the liner. Shit. Make sure y'all wasn't going too crazy out there for the summertime.


Now Y'all still using all the tricks. You bitches ain't got pores on your skinless souls. We had to have a good time. Not a long time.


Oh, and we in August. Big PrizePicks Joe button. Hold up man. Vic K over Big, big PrizePicks. you know who we brought? Hello Ray. you know the fucking vibes. Hey these podcasters know the vibes are here. Hold up. Let me turn this up. Brought to you by Fueled By, powered by, you know what? The LOX is going on Super Bowl and New Orleans this year. Get the blows going. I need a booth. Yes sir. Yes sir. Alright, now what episode is this? 7 47. Welcome to episode 7 47 of the Joe Button podcast. Let me get these drops where they supposed to be. You. All right, flip and Mel. Mel Mel. Episode 7 47. Brought to you by PrizePicks. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, and highly favored or lowly favored host depending on where you read about me. Joe Button here with a few really, really, really amazing people. To my right. The beautiful, the highly intelligent Melyssa Ford Hootie who? Hootie who? How you doing? I'm doing fabulous. And I love that for you. Next to her is Flip, flip, flip. Ah. Big lens. Queen Queens in the building. How you feeling? I feel well. Good. Love that for you as well. Got Some things on my mind. I'll address it after the intro. Lapping Nigga, you PrizePicks back. Yay, right? Yeah, yeah. Look good. Yeah. Yeah. Do I see any? That's how prize pick came. It was a, it was we. We knew that PrizePicks was here. PrizePicks left. Now they're not left. But they took a break. Now they're back. And I checked my account and it looks the same. Well that's the thing. Did you call your lawyer? All everybody out there has to do, when there's a state of confusion about their contracted work is call a lawyer. Check that contract. Joe ain't hiding no information from you baby. I'm not the bad guy. Okay. I'm not the bad guy. Call your lawyer. See what It is. You agreed to disagree to sign your name on. See what You can enforce. Not enforce. See what you gotta, you got no when to hold them talk. No, when To hold them. Got me tight. We got you. Hey next to Flick. Babe. What happened? I knew that that fucking guy that was there with him. No, they was joking with you man. That wasn't anybody from Prize bitch. Oh yeah, he was hot with it. Go ahead though.


But It is interesting. That was the guy that that that I had to sign off on This shit when my air didn't work on my fucking home. And they had to come replace everything and they fucking gave me a bill. And they're talking about Carrier, what? I bought some carrier shit. I think it's Carrier. There's some brands out there. I got newfound Respect for Carrier is one of them. You said that earlier. Explained to me as the Bentley of whatever the fuck the air guy was saying up there. You Said you got a new respect for air. That air up there. I ain't gonna lie. It is blowing out. It is blowing out. No, that carrier shit works. Got it and the, and the old crib. If I put This shit to 64, nothing would happen. Nothing would happen.


That shit is Gimme the finger. Gotcha. This shit. If you put it on 58, guess what? It's about to be in a couple seconds. 50 58. A fast one too. Don't get naked. Don't get naked. Nigga. I walked in the fridge the other day naked. I thought I had a fever. Oh, I was shaking. Oh my God. It didn't feel good. I, the kitchen was far too That naked Run far in your crib alone. Anyway, opulence. Yeah. Sonos another one. Well, my respect for Sonos. Later on I want to talk about how Bows allow Sonos to do this. Ooh, I do. I do. Anyway, next to Flip. My man is one of my favorite people out there. I can't lie to you. I I, I look at this guy as like Atlanta Joe button.


Like this nigga be saying a bunch of bullshit on his platform. He'd be on his, y'all get started today too. He'd be on his platform giving it up. And I absolutely love that. Ray Daniels in the building makes noise. For our guess. Our guess our guest next to him, big freeze is in the building. Ice. How you feeling? I feel great man. Love that for you. Parks is here. Here. Ray Daniels whole crew is here. That leaked some shit. Paparazzi Ray whole Crew is here. my nigga is over there here. RZ Over there. The camera, they hand on them. Niggas came here. They took it down to the car. The nigga put a big lens on. They took it off. Still Got off those. My dudes though over there. So. I. See Chad. Gloria Is here. Fucking PO is here.


Ericson is here. Most importantly, each and every one of you out there is here. Everybody feeling good? Yes, we're It is great. What is our, what is of most importance to us today Up here? Well, you know I'm Jamaican so But you don't want get into that And now look at you. You wanna start with with your man, with your man's being free. Yeah. I go crazy here right now. If you had the playlist, nigga, I go crazy. He's free nigga. He's free vibes cartel. He went in there light skinned and came back dark. The bleach wore all. But my man is home and we are celebrating nigga. He was still light. No, but he wasn't, when he came home He looked light to me. I was like damn, this nigga was able to still bleach in there.


No, he was able to record music and his But It is not even, we just celebrating that vibe. Car tab Vibes is home. Home. Let's make some noise about your home, makes noise about And we're gonna get into that. Yes, we are gonna get into that. Not at the start. I don't want beef. Got you. Nah, Oh, Shit I. don I'm Follow your lead. I'm following Your lead. Profi. Nah, I'm asking y'all. Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Cardi B. That's a ISO on y'all. No, that's you. That's you. That's all You work. That is a iso on y'all. I want to talk to Ray about whatever Atlantic Records is doing over there at some point. Yes. don don't know what's most important though. How y'all feeling? Pick one don. Don't give a fuck. We can get into the Yachty stuff.


There's a lot of Yachty. Yeah. Yachty news this week. It was, yeah, Let's do it. Let's it shout to Yachty. Shout To Yachty. What happened with Yachty? Yachty said Atlanta's running shit on a fashion tip. Yeah, That that, that was got 'em in some hot water. New York ASAP nigga said whatever they said. Right. asap. I don't know the gentleman's name, but he responded with a lot of New York facts then what El Yachty did. Flagrant he Did. That's where a lot of this stuff came from I think. Yeah. Yeah. Came from Flagrant. Did he say, did he say Atlanta influences fashion or did he say all culture? I thought he said Atlanta influences all the culture. I know it was just fashion. I don't think it's neither. You don't think Atlanta influences anything?


No. No. I'm saying not. Don't influence all culture or fashion. Oh yeah. I thought it was all, I thought it was just, I thought he said influences everything. By the way, we have a company in Atlanta called Atlanta influences everything. Everybody wears a shirt. It's kind of like our thing. So if you don't know it, so when Yachty said that, it was really kind of rooted in that statement. Okay. Like the mayor wears a shirt. Everybody in Atlanta got a shirt says Atlanta influences everything. Like Not say, how can you say Atlanta doesn't influence culture? I said all culture. I don't agree with that. And I don't agree with them influencing fashion. Not all culture. I mean, yeah, there's certain influences that Atlanta has right now. But he said all culture, I disagree. Okay. And I don't It's the all word. Yeah, it's the all word Got it All black culture. No. So my thought, my thoughts is this, here's my, this is my answer to this.


'cause somebody asked me this. If black people would you say influence all cool culture, would you agree with that? Yes. Okay. Yes. Do so, the epicenter of black people in America that's thriving the most in the freest and doing everything is Atlanta. So that means that Atlanta probably is the leader of influencer culture based on that. No. No. Are you right? Let's go. I'm here. I see what you're trying to do just now. I just saying, is it no nigga Atlanta? What? No Whites get this nigga get This shit. What? Say I want you, I don't know, get this nigga. I just know that's disrespectful and it sounds crazy. Okay, so, So Atlanta. Atlanta whatever G Right now Atlanta is influences music. Yes, for sure. In in in the urban culture.


Yes. Atlanta's not influencing fashion right now at all. Yeah. Some What? Some Like what? You know what I'm saying? They have like some clothing lines there. Like people that's in fashion. I'm saying you gotta give them that at least. 'cause I'm Clothing everywhere. That's everybody's The point influence though. Which means it would have to travel outside of Atlanta. That's where the, that's where the influence comes in. If it starts in Atlanta and now everyone else is doing it, that means you've, you've now influenced other areas. I don't see other areas adapting to Atlanta. Fashion culture. Like can we define They're adapting to New York fashion culture. If anything that's A fa and It's been that for years. What's define, define Atlanta. Fashion culture. Like no, No, no.


Pocketbooks. No is That is that nigga. It is, let's go, let's go, let's go. If if they're responsible for that though. I gotta give it to em. Maybe Men having, that's what I'm talking I. don know Atlanta is responsible for niggas wearing bags. Yeah, they are. don don't know if It is either. That's Why I asked. Popular popular in culture for it. Yes. Popularized It. Yes. But didn't Necessarily start It about thugs once like Thug. Yeah. That, that, that took it. Mainstream niggas was doing it. Young Thug didn't wear bag before asap. Young Thug did not wear a bag before asap. He wore pocketbook before asap. ASAP wasn't wearing a pocketbook. He You I'm talking pocketbooks. Yeah, like women's fashion. Merc Asap. Dudes Wearing women's fashion started in Atlanta.


I gotta go. Look. I don't know that as ASAP wasn't doing that before. Some of you nigga. So we get So Atlanta I get, we get About right now. Wear purses. Yeah. Bags. Don't try to jump Ray. Not, we're not. Listen lemme he from New York. I do wanna say you don't claim that don don't claim That. I can't though. I, I couldn't. But I'm saying like, like, like New York has had a lot of influence. I think Atlanta's biggest, our biggest issue has been we just don't ask for the credit. Right. So think about to the point, think about back when Jeezy was hot, remember he's like, am I not hip hop? He was asking New York, am I not hip hop? Of course New York had a stronghold on culture and everything black. Right. And I think we just got to the point where we got so hot that we started trying to I guess claim our stake.


Stake in the culture. Like, well we everybody knows in New York. Done, everybody knows you guys have contributed to Timberlands and the hats and all that shit. We do, but it's like, can we put our stake And I think that anytime somebody does that, not New York, it's gonna be some shit. I do think it like all that tall t fashion and all that, even though it was wor up here, I think a lot of that was from Atlanta for sure. Like I give, I give y'all that. Yeah. The the the air. you know, By the way, I thank you for giving us though. I humbly thank you for that. I appreciate that. Like thanks for Giving us, but nah, it was shit that started in New Letter for sure. Al also Yachty Yachty told the story about how that him and Drake song got leaked. Yes. And I think that's where our argument lies. Yeah. Yeah. Right.


So Yachty said that they could not clear the sample for that record with him and Drake Super Soak, right? Yeah, Because the, the, the gentleman who owned the record, he wouldn't clear it due to religious reasons. He's like, this doesn't align with who I am, what y'all are doing with the record. So no, I'm not gonna clear it. We've had, we've heard artists do that in the past, like big artists have done it where no, I'm not clearing my sample because y'all are using profanity on your records. Yeah. But they give you a chance to clean it up. Right. Sometimes So I did the Juicy Dish. Not All the time. Sometimes they do and sometimes they don't. The Juicy Beat, they wouldn't allow anybody to curse What's what's who? M two Me. Mtume M Yes. Thank you.


He doesn't want, they don't want anybody to curse in their record. I heard that Biggie's situation was a little bit different, but I know that Honey Baby, like they, they've been consistent of we don't want certain profanities used on this record. Ho's Streets is Ho Streets is watching song. The sample wouldn't be cleared. He couldn't curse on that record. That's why if you go and get volume one right now, all the even explicit version that one song is clean. There's no dirty of that record Shit. There was a thing with 10 Crack commitments with Chuck D 'cause it was about selling drugs. Yeah. Like certain people what you're doing with my song? Come on Chuck DI Don't align with that. So no, I'm not clear That I'm not telling that. Yeah. I'm not telling you Chuck Damn thing. So so the guy wasn't clear the song.


Correct. Can I ask what the song was? Yeah, it was some He that's what it was. Okay. It was absolutely fire and something that they both could have used in this very moment. Mm. And they put, and so Yai gave it to ca Cnet Who played it on his stream and the song is now out. Mm now it's not out officially on like a DSP. You can't purchase it, but it's out. You can go to YouTube and hear the song it's out. Sounds like just the type of song I need coming out of crisis management. This song is really good. It is, I tried, It is, I tried to hit on it when it was on, I tried but I couldn't head starts on nigga starts singing. So our debate there is what side of that do you fall on?


Is Yai wrong for passing it off to Casana to now play even knowing that the person who sample you used did not approve of this? Or is he Oh well my nigga, I'm doing it anyway. And is he, is he right in that? And that's the question for the room. I'm pretty sure we all know where Joe stands on this. Oh No, I the wrong bin Joke. Yeah. That's why I'm, I'm gonna go last to like, try to add some suspense to what I think. I mean for me, for me, you know, once you hear it, it's in the air. It's like I can't say to Joe, I wanna ask Joe a question and then he says no. And I'm like, well Alec, I didn't ask the question and I didn't ask that then. No. Once, you know, once it's in the air, I can do what I want with it. It's here. I can put it out, I can have somebody else put it out.


And by the way, the number 1D SP in the world is YouTube. mm. That is the number 1D SP in the world. It is just, anybody can monetize it. So you see they putting it out. So somebody's gonna hear, somebody gonna hear you. Might as well take advantage of it and give some guidelines to something. Like if, if or some Rondo kid in West Bubble Fuck is gonna be upload the song on his YouTube page. He's gonna make the money. Somebody gonna make the money from the song. But To the dude, it wasn't been about the money. It's It is, this is who I am. I don't, It is back to image likeness shit like that. Like this is my sample that you're using. I don't want it attached to the message you're putting in your music. So no, I don't give you the okay to use it. I'm not signing off on that.


I'm with him. Especially because he, he, he listed like yo religiously, morally, I don't want myself attached to that. Mm. For you to just say, alright, I heard you my nigga. I'm gonna put it out Anyway, that's kind of fucked up. Has, has everybody ever seen a movie? It's a movie called The Founder the McDonald's movie. Yes. Yeah. It is a famous line in the movie where the guy says to everybody when he realizes this guy Crock Ray. Crock Ray Crockett. Yeah. Rolling around. He says, there's a wolf in the hen house. There's a, at that moment there's a wolf in the hen house. my nigga, what are we talking about? Here's the song. The wolf's in the hen house. Are we gonna control the wolf or we gonna let the wolf or we gonna let the wolf do whatever it wants And like that. So my thing is this is once you put something out, you, anytime you put anything out, you're given a chance for it to be interpreted how you, how people want it to be and use how they want it to be.


But What I'm talking about is before it even goes out No, I'm, which no, I'm saying, but I'm Saying I'm not even, I didn't get to the Part. I'm talking about my song that I don't want them to use. Right. Yeah. Once I put that out, I'm putting that out for other people to use or enjoy. However they choose to use or enjoy. Even if that means sampling it for something, then put it out. I have to know that Well is the song, see I'm assuming that the song is fairly old. So sampling wasn't really a thing. This is an assumption. Like let's just say the song is from the seventies. I just, I need more backstory on what the song actually is. But let's just say it's from the seventies. I don't think seventies artists were thinking about, you know, a song in the fu the song being used in the future for sampling purposes. That was a really Pop hiphop started that. Yeah, exactly.


Exactly. So people didn't really think that That would be what would be to come in the future. So I mean I I align with ice on this. Go ahead. No, sorry. I'm gonna cut you off. Go ahead, Finish. No, I was just gonna say I align with what you say. Like, as, as the artist, I would hope that my word saying, I don't want you to use my song morally, ethically, religiously. I don't align with your values. And I think that putting it out is basically a fuck you to me. That's how I I I feel it's a fuck you because we do have sampling laws in place. So even if you didn't know about it in the seventies, you didn't intend on it Today. I can't go and take a Michael Jackson joint, flip the sample and now go make money off of that. It's not a new song. It's, it's, the sample is from the dude Mr.


Hotspot. It was like a comedian influencer dude. Social media Influencer. Exactly. But, but, but I, in my mind, I don't think it's a Fuck you. I think it's a fuck you too. Mm mm In what way? What do you mean If so you think dude is saying fuck you too? No, No, I'm no, I'm I'm saying that's how it's received. Like I come to you like, yo, I want you to put out my song, boom, boom, boom. And you like no then I'm like that that to me I feel like fuck you. No. Okay, well fuck you too. I'm going put it out and leak it on the internet and now that's what It is. I think the fuck the fuck you is explaining it. Exactly the fuck you is publicly saying yo nah, this is what happened. Yep. I'm exactly, I'm not, I'm musician at heart. So you know what side It is? I'm on. Yeah.


I'm leaking at him. Good for you. You a Christian Now no more dope games. Awesome. This is heat and I need my fans to hear this right this second. I won't sell it but I need it to be heard. Now on the flip side of that shit, slaughterhouse got sued for Juggernauts. Yeah. Which was on the mix tape. Yeah. And our argument was we not selling it and their argument was we don't give a fuck. Yeah. It is, it's helping something. Yeah. Over there. Yeah. Everything's generating money in some and we had to pay somewhere Along the lines. Do you think they, you sued? Yes. If Christian dude lawyers is up or Paper is up, I think what this is, I think he has something there.


Damn, I'm ratting again. But, but Mr. Hotspot is also like an Atlanta native. Everybody knows him so it's kind of like, he probably said it but I can't see him coming after Yachty, like one of his peers over something like that. See that makes it more fucked up to me. Why? If he's an Atlanta native yachty's Atlanta, everybody knows him. You did a fuck you to your own man right here from your backyard. That's fucked up. Okay, so lemme ask you a question. I'm Nigga I'm putting out the slaps. I'm, I'm Gonna flip it. I'm gonna flip it on you. Okay. If, let's say, let's say the Rock comes on this couch and he does an interview, everybody like this the Rock, this most famous man on earth. He comes on this couch, does an interview and there's some, he got a shirt on that has a sign and they're like, yo Joe, you can't leak the episode. 'cause the rock was, man you motherfucking crazy.


You motherfucking crazy. This is gonna change my life. I'm not doing that. And if you got looking from yachty's standpoint, I got a record with Drake. I think it's hard. It's the right time. They ain't gonna let me get it out. Who can I get it to? That can get to, to the people. I actually think what Yachty did was more pure. I he did was more pure. He gave it to the people. Yeah. Rather than trying to take it down to make some money from It. I yo bigger than this. If I support what you saying then I gotta lose all of the leaks that I've gotten because samples weren't cleared and I'm not, I'm not willing to Commit to that. Nah, I'm not even, I'm talking about this specific one again. Once I found out they from the same area, that's even more the reason. Now, like you, you, you from right Here nigga I don't give Done. Nah nah. Ain't more reason to say yes to Me about all of that. But again, I tried To do it the right way.


Certain people shit don't sit right within them. They're not gonna say yes no matter what. I gotcha. Not, there ain't no amount of money behind it. Ain't no amount of, I don't care if it's Drake and Beyonce on it. If it ain't who, if it don't align with who I am, the answer is a no. It sounds like this. What's his name? Mr. Mr. Hotspot. Mr. Hotspot is one of them type of dudes. 'cause I did see another gentleman come out. He was like yo, I work with the influencer company and we were trying to reach out to him to do some, some content marketing and it was a big bag attached to it. And he did, he turned that down because it does not align with who he is. That's beautiful. He's just one of them type of dudes. I love that Respect. Good. So if this is who he is and you still just go around that and say yo, you just Do not have respect. No, no, no. But see you're saying it wrong. You said the order is wrong.


That's the problem. You're saying this is who he is and you still went around it. We did it already. Knowing who he is, feeling that's my dog feeling is gonna be fine. Did it. Everybody's excited. We've got a plan. Hey Joe, we filming the video In the, in the Oh Shit we we doing everything and then we Go to my man and he like, nah nah Hold on. Can't that Nah but Listen Nah nah but this is the one I need this on this. I Bro need this. Nah, nah. So He's supposed to, Drake is on this so he's Supposed to put aside who? Drake on you. He's supposed he supposed to do supposed to Compromise. No, no. I'm supposed to put who you are to the side because of me. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. Y nigga, Nigga That's crazy shit. Have like You think I'm not putting my Drake record out. That's What I'm Not putting my Drake record out. Lemme ask you question because a niggas Christian now.


He might wait up six months from now. come on. How do you think we got that Benny Drake record? I Was gonna ask if niggas have a Drake record, It is coming out, don't give a fuck with Drake or anybody's talking about yo yo. Don't put that out big door. All right, All cool. Alright cool. Bet Someone Got me. We my hard drive. They stole my laptop. That's the oldest trick. Fucking Hold, hold up, stay there, stay there. I'm I get mad at you. I'm gonna get mad at you in a second. Well I'm put leaks out. you know who you are. I know who you are. What you about to say. I'm put leaks out. I know who you are. I got 'em. So I. Don't know who this new podcast shit is. You talking about you want the leaks to nigga. He's talking about from a moral standpoint that your man, he you to put it out or if you respect him, don't put it out.


You talking about his Drake don't put out the record. He you not to put it out. Look, look, The people running the music business ain't running it off. Morals now as a creative I gotta have moral for my Drake Record Guns and law tar that nigga from what the nigga did to them. Nigga Nobody did none of them for that. They did something to somebody else. Steely did. And they and they didn't clear it. Fab Bri didn't get it cleared. Hundred Percent that from somebody From Francisco didn't get cleared other, the Ricky Martin living La vi la Loca. But these niggas complaint, not they no complaint but these niggas express anger about not getting, not getting the record Cleared. They sold these records though. This record is not for sale But it's going do. He just gave an example of it. Yeah.


That don't, everything's for sale. But I'm saying your Benny example, what did that do for Benny by that The record never officially Dropped. It don't exist nowhere. Benny sat here himself and told us what it would've done for him had he been able to put it out right. Up, up, Up, up. Because Benny had expectations of what his Drake record would do. Yeah. If it came out right. However, there's People that still ain't even heard that record. It doesn't matter 'cause they live on DSPs. There's somebody out there who Benny's cache changed because of that record. Whether it was released properly or not. More than anything. If I have a Drake feature right this second and he don't, he don't approve it nigga this is hitting the streets. People have to know that I have this heat and the capability of making a record sound like that. And that's what happened with Peter Guns.


He and Lord Rican them, they made the record off of the sample. It fucking blew up. Great. Blew up the masses. Have the masses need to know I can do this now let's call and try to do it the right way. The right way is like, oh papa, I need a hundred percent. A hundred. So that's the way, hold up the label is saying, we're not signing You if you don't have the rights to this record and Peter Guns and them say, Hey, you got a hundred percent of it buddy. Period. The end. That's It. Can I ask a really basic question? Okay, sure. Maybe it's not so basic. It's just a a genuine question. Why is it, why is the motto to ask for forgiveness rather than permission? Well They did ask for for permission. I mean permission. No, no, no. So you have for permission after the fact?


No, no, no. The record is recorded now. You have to go through the proper channels to release the records. Yeah. It's not after. That's where, that's where you ask for your permission At. Okay, so you don't that point, so you don't try and get clear clearance on the sample prior to the song even being created? No, no, No. You gotta make that the song. You gotta make the the and then you gotta send the song over to say they know what so they Know what what you did With it can, how much do you want off of this? 'cause Joe has to listen but Doesn't but doesn't that put you in a position to get like, you know, like denied? No, not not just denied but somebody saying, okay well since you made the song and I can hear clearly hear it's a banger that I'm going to fleece the fuck it kind of like sting with the stamp gate pub. Yeah, exactly. That's what I mean. It puts them in the position of power to Yeah basically say You can have the song but undermine, I want this, this, that know it should go to A degree.


And usually they do that before the song or they try to negotiate the business beforehand and this guy's like, no, now he's saying Yacht Got a Drake record, Drake going through all types of stuff. This is an incredible moment for this could be a life changing moment. And you telling me no 'cause you found God a couple weeks ago. Hell no bro, that shit is coming Out. That nigga Heathens. I'm sorry. No, No, no, no, no. I'm just saying like, because people, people changed their minds Coming out. I'm It is I love that you were Christian and I know some Christians is the Whole record out. I'm here bro, one of my biggest records was that literally we made a record and the artist was like, I wanna change some lyrics. And the producer was like, I don't think so. And and the record got leaked and it shit went four or five times.


Platinum. The artist really never supported it, but it still was a hit. You wanna tell us what it was? I I I don't know about shit. It was Don't get mad at me. Nobody. But it was Usher. I don't mind we did that record. Yeah, it was Usher. I don't mind. And to be honest with you, the that one we did But. yeah we did that record and and it was, it was Usher was, you know when the story goes well the night we did the record Usher takes us to the strip club like you know it's Atlanta. I just made a record. Lemme play It. That's fine, that's Fine. Somebody caught it on Instagram That y'all were at the strip Club? No, somebody caught the record on Instagram. Oh. Got it and posted it. Now at that very moment, the record's out. Yep. So now that the record's out, now the producer's like, Hey let's get the record out like that.


They're, well we wanna make some changes. And he is like, no, no, no, but y'all already played it. It's in the world. And then it, the real, the the real story was was that they were gonna replace an artist. Obviously Ju CJ is on there. So I guess when they got told Juicy J Peak, I told yo they about to put somebody else on it. They was like, all right cool And send that at Four o'clock the next day in LA We hearing, I don't mind on the radio and everybody calling me going crazy. And I'm like, you, you run the risk the minute that a record is created, the minute that you heard, the minute that you aware you run the risk of something going bad. That's why a music business is fucked up. You gotta control it beforehand because if you don't, you got a chance to get it fucked up on the backhand. So you just gotta be smart how you do it. But that was a record that got leaked.


And by the way, usher didn't he didn't he, he wasn't as supportive at first 'cause he was pushing the Nicki record. I it's a Nicki Ferrell record. So he's like, this is outta line with what I'm doing, but it's out and then it starts taking off. So now what does the artist have to do? Fuck now I gotta, now I gotta switch my entire plan. Plan. Now mind you, it was fucked up for what happened with him. But at the same time the record went three, four times Platinum. You seen Usher perform it on the every on at the, at when he is on tour and everything. So it worked out for everybody. Right. But it but you know, niggas had to take a couple years to get over it. Sometimes I, I'd rather Tom heal this wound and Me win For sure. Yeah, for sure than Me be respectful And I'm like fuck, that was my opportunity. That was my one because to be honest, 'cause when a record goes out it doesn't just affect one person.


Yeah. It Affects that. If I'm the producer, I'm leaking that shit. don don't give a fuck with Drake. Well Yachty or Drake said I'm, if I'm the producer, if I got one person, I'm leaking that shit. I have to. Yeah. It is my Livelihood. I don, you know what Joe stood with this whole shit 'cause we've seen this. Yeah My livelihood bro. Joe just stole This shit out there. You okay? Joe Lee Parks crib and it be in the car on the way back and the record is out. I'm for The people, I'm for the people and I just did this heat now. And mind you that's fucked up A lot of my catalog doing shit. So I am aware you might want to get shit mixed and mastered and wait for a hot second. Nope. But but not even that. Right. Like shit, I used to debut records on Lives Of Old You Stream Paris Live tv, all that shit.


We using TV Just anywhere if I just did it. You need to, you gonna hear how nice I am. Listen, listen to this buddy. The crazy part about that and I, I tell people this all the time. Everybody around used to get on Joe for that. Yo stop bro. You keep playing records on and now boy shit Was about to lose their damn mind instead. Look, Look today that's all you see on Instagram. Artists up there premiering new shit in the background in the car or something. I take credit for that. He was mad. It Don't matter if y'all don't know that. I should take credit for that. Mad earlier I don take it My narcissism. That's how, that's how you cheated to won that DJ battle. I ain't over that by the way. Shut up. I ain't over that. Shut up. I was the man. I was the man.


Do you think there should be like statutory laws that kind of allow people to sample more freedom Than Well they are. They are. I think I think after a song has been out it's either 70 or 80 years. It becomes public domain. Yeah, for sure. I So I thought it was 60. I I I was gonna say I know it's a big number. But. yeah. I forget what the it It is just something 77 a records like so you know all these records It is gonna be freed for people to use and sample and Really? Yeah, we're getting close to it. Yeah, we're getting close to To it. Yeah. Like You can sample songs. Songs that came out in the 1930s, forties. I'm saying You can sample it now. It's shit, now We're getting up to the fifties. Sixties. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Oh wait till the seventies give here. Ooh when the seventies come. But they probably gonna change that law. They gonna have to, Disney's gonna, Disney's gonna hit the re-up button. They, They have to change that law like The seventies free range.


Yeah because the Beatles wait until You can just grab any That's Everybody. That's what everybody for when the Beatles become public Domain, Jackson's, Motown, all that shit just becomes free reign. Yeah, it's gonna be nasty. I mean good, good for fans and musicians but They ain't gonna let that work. Yadi, I'm with you buddy. Yeah, I'm not man. Let it fly. I'm with you. That was fucked up. Let them shits go. They ain't doing nothing in your little laptop. They ain't doing nothing in that Fire Stick. And not only that, guys, You can, me and Joe can release the album today right now promote the shit out of it. Don't like it, like the world don't like it. By Sunday they telling the world they hate the album. We could literally add a new album to it at no cost. Just put a new album on top of the album.


Like put the put song one at song at songs 12 now put these first songs in and it's, it's no rules to music. Right? Music is literally the wild, wild west right now. We don't know what right side. We don't know what None. Nah, we got many things to figure out. There's no rules to This shit. So my thing is get paid young nigga Get to it. Yeah. Better At least get that. Yeah don don't mind the lesson. But the hardest lessons are the ones When you ain't get nothing from it because You ain't Trying. Nigga I'm tucking my fucking shit. Drake. Record in the ball. You gotta be, you got me fucked up and Drake came over and killed that shit nigga. That Record of smoker, I ain't even gonna fart nigga you and I ain't want hear Yachty and Drake no more. I was like Got one. You put Drake record out too nigga. Oh tomorrow. I don't know too many people today ain't putting their Drake record anyway.


Yacht already say he is gonna quit the internet because of all the backlash. Rules you He's gonna quit the Internet. Not he not fuck with the internet. You're not the first or the last person to say that one buddy. Yeah, you gonna take a little break, you gonna delete your Instagram like everybody else. Instagram got that little rule where you gotta do it in 29 days and then you back 29 real quick. Hey y'all niggas that was doing that shit, y'all had me fool for a minute man. I read the rules. I was like Oh man y'all playing around You can just bring your shit back 30 days later. What's up Fred Yachty. I hope he is doing well and that the New York fashion police are not beating his comment section down. I like Yachty also now since I would leak my Drake record, let me just leak my, my quick thought and then leave this topic quickly because I'm sick of the Drake fans.


The passive aggressive LeBron Drake beef is interesting to me. It is, yeah I like it. don Don't know about that way. I know nobody can. I know nobody It is paying too much attention to it. But It is a real thing. It is real. It's happening. Let's Just say the James Beef 'cause it looks like Savannah's got a little bit Of Well that's bro. That's bro. That's bro. Maybe that's bro Or maybe her and bro just got, Savannah might just really love that shirt and don don't speak about people's wis but she might just really love that shirt brand and Kendrick and ain't paying what y'all doing. No mind Maybe, maybe nah. But LeBron posing in the picture the way he did with her in the shirt tells me that he saw the Drake post of all the Olympians that was not LeBron.


They've been going back and forth since. It's not like us shit. And it's interesting. Wait, what was the Drake post? Drake posted? kd, Kevin Durant, Steph and somebody else. It was somebody else. It was one more on his Instagram. He said what he just Said. Just On his, on his just picking him up. Yeah, just picking him up and just left LeBron out as LeBron just saved. You seen USA's ass two times in a row. Ooh. Just left him out. Yeah, I think in four years We should. I like that. Passive aggressive. That's a good It is a passive aggressive. That is right. It Is because ain't it might not be too many people paying this any attention, but there's something with that friendship and I'm not, And I'm not rolling with the like she might just like that shirt and et cetera because the James family are way too They strategic Conscious of what they do and and how it's perceived to the public.


And do me a favor, go watch. By the way, this has nothing to do. This is connected with, you said go watch the interview that Drake did when he did the shop. It was the first time I ever saw Drake and I was like, LeBron talked to him like he was a kid. Just go watch it. Just like, just to entertain somebody. Watch it, go watch it. 'cause it's like they talk about the push of tv. Oh yeah, he did. And LeBron is like, I wanna let you down and what I tell you to do and I text you what I say and Drake. Oh yeah, you said that this, this, this and what you say. And, and as an American nigga, I, I would, man, what the fuck did you say? Nigga talking to me like Joe. What? I said nigga, I'm right here. I can repeat myself. Watch that interview. That was a really interesting dynamic because Drake is such a superstar and watching Howla Brown talk to him was kind of interested me. 'cause he talked to him like he was his son.


Like, like just go watch it for me. Like by the way, just watch it and tell me. Maybe they didn't know it. Maybe it's 'cause LeBron was sitting up like, like flip look like my dad. Right? He looking, I'm looking at nigga Man flip look old Look. I could say Joe, Joe, but flip like I gotta look up to you. Maybe that's the reason why it looked like that. But it didn't. It just looked like he was talking down to him rather than talking to his peer. He wanted people to know that you asked me for advice and what do I tell you to do? And When, you ask me for advice. What do you do? When? I tell you to do what I said and When you do it. What Hap and It is like, Hey nigga, hey nigga, you know You can keep out private shit private if you want. It just LeBron wanted the world to know that he had don don't know what it was, but it just like little bro, it always is little brodo. I don't know the nature of their beef of course, but what do y'all think about if this beef stems from LeBron fucking would not like us Like that?


Yeah. Being in the the at the concert And being at the concert. Yes. I see the little thing going around saying Drake Got it up. Paused for anybody that was at that concert. don don't know if it's true or not, but If I'm Drake, I would. If that's the nature of the beef, what do you think of that? Yo, You know what's so crazy? I just, sorry. Remember there's a clip going that was going viral of Dr. LeBron, Steph and Katie discussing not like us. And and Steph said, and Steph said, I'm tired of this record. LeBron was like, I like it more. Yeah, I like it more. Yeah, exactly. That's probably what It is rooted from. Like that's probably why he posted Katie and them It is If I'm Drake, I'm pissed. Yeah. And I'm Pissed. It is up for anybody on that show. I'm Fucking pissed at What? That's crazy. I'm pissed at LeBron for what I'm, if I if I think that we're, you know, if they were as close as everybody assumes them to be And you just said their relationship was, And then you end up at that concert.


I mean, I know you're who you are, but still the optics are, the optics are fucking crazy. Now here's The thing. They are, look At the other side. Now. I couldn't Disagree more with Look at the other side now I agree. I'm LeBron James. I agree. I play for the Los Angeles Lakers. This is probably the greatest moment in West coast hip hop history. And I'm the biggest athlete in this city and I'm not showing up for the city. It is, it becomes like, but if you, But Hold on, hold on. But wait, hold on. Let me add, let me add to that. Since since high school we have been watching LeBron, LeBron be music man. He used to walk around with the headphones. He used to big up mix tapes. He's he's Been, he supposed the clips Rap. He's been consistent in in in him just being a music lover since high school.


Yep. So now I'm supposed to put that to the side 'cause of you. I like music Dog. I wish I would have to not like a song because of my relationship. It's just a song. Not I'm missing. You can told me Exactly. That's what y'all are missing. It is not not liking just a song. This song got the whole world calling me a fucking pedophile. Yeah, Exactly. There's something And everybody Saying it. So what, there's something attached to that. If you Drake, and that's what they beef is, that's why none of you TDE niggas are performing in Canada. That's what the beef is. Fuck the fact that we lost a dis or we lost a, a rap beef, whatever, whatever y'all niggas are labeling me as a pedophile and it's sticking in the whole world is calling me a pedophile, screaming a minor.


you know, Kendrick is doing that song there, you know, you being there while he done, even though LeBron left early. He did because he wasn't there And he didn't go on the stage. And To me that was a respectful friend. I gonna be here because my wife wanna be here, but I'm not gonna go on stage. He was very low key. I Mean little Gene J or something was showing Yeah, regular dela. Man, I'm just showing out Pat. I'm, I'm Just saying, And again, if I'm Drake, I do have a problem with anybody that attaches to that. This ain't just a disc record. You are labeling me a pedophile. It ain't much You can call me worse than that. And you gotta anybody singing along to it, that's a big deal. So if you, my man, don't don don't care if you like it for our relationship, don't goand Danny's LeBron James.


That's that. Now that now that I've heard your side of things Yeah, you doubling down maybe I No, no, no. Okay. Look at what you think. Look At what you think. Now that I've heard your side of things. Yes. If I'm Drake, you know what, maybe I do send the text to LeBron and say, Hey man, Can, You, Not, Can, You Not. Use your likeness to blow up the song that's calling me a pedophile. And I'm Drake. So you know, the Texas is gonna say Can You Not with the eye roll Emoji. And that's like saying that's Like Can You Not. That's like saying take your cup and take your water out the ocean and walk away nigga, everybody celebrating it. You got kids celebrating. If I was Dr I'm not being honest with you.


And I don't know if he, if I'm d Drake's team, I'm focusing on the reaction. Why is everybody so happy to sing a song against me? What did I do? Like what I, what didn't I do to the culture or for the culture that made people feel like that? Maybe I got So y'all know what It is. Maybe you, it's the saying maybe you won't too much. No, no, no. It's the saying. Hopefully you're lucky enough to hang around to become the villain. Yeah. Right. Hopefully you like die hero I think that he's probably in that villain stage. And to me this is gonna tell us how brilliant he really is, which I think he is. Can I ask you can't be mad can ask you question. I wanna ask y'all a question. Take you, you do you think, honestly think about this. You don't think that men should know when they should lo will lose the ego battle.


That's what I'm speaking. That's what I'm going, I'm like I. think that's the antithesis of ego. Yeah. But for every ego, even in your ego, I think, you know, When, you should check your ego. That's my point. True. Like e it's like When you in a fight as a man. We'll fight anybody. Yeah. Yeah. Once the fight starts and a nigga hits you hard, we may learn. Yeah. Oh and oh, Oh. Shit. This ain't be a long Fight. Okay. So I think it's the same with ego. Yeah. Did he check his ego with Pusha T? He didn't have he doesn't feel like He had to. Huh? Didn't have to. He didn't have to. To why? Because he like tuck tail and ran because he, because He lives in space and Pusha t as a, as a skyscraper in the city, he's big. But Drake is the probably the biggest rapper of all time as far as like stature em and Eminem also.


But, but when it comes to referencing you going Against Drake. No, I'm not. I'm just Speaking Melyssa. I'm just It Is though they know I'm asking questions, speaking, thinking critically, you know, and genuinely asking questions. But every time that this beef is referenced, they always reference the Pusha T beef. Well That's 'cause he lost that too. Exactly. So that's why I'm asking, was that a situation where he tuck tail and ran and checked his ego? No, no. I think that was a a a he lost but he didn't lose enough. His Ego. I was about to say he, I I think as, and by the way, picture Was so big that loss don't affect him that Way. The only person that had some to gain for that that battle was Pusha T.


Right. And that's why it don't matter. What he said is like, it didn't, this battle against Kendrick was the first one that hurt him. Where everybody's like, how is he gonna come back from that? That's why, You know, when something happens at the moment, and then in retrospect la years later it becomes almost like fantasy and lore, you know, and it becomes like bigger than it was at the moment in which it happened. That's what it sounds like is happening with the whole Pusha t situation in Drake. Because it's, like I said, it may not have been big at the moment or like huge at the moment. No. It, it was, no it was, but not, not in terms of, you know, in comparison to this, it Was hip hop big. It was hip hop, right? It was hip hop big. This, this Was world big. But the fact that it keeps being referenced right now during this beef is the reason why I feel like it's being discussed and now in a, in a different way.


I'm, I'm on the fence because like you guys come from hip hop from back in the days and you know that if you my that Fucking mouth nigga, You don't be Talking too bad, you know, hey, both of y'all niggas. And you know, if you, my, you know, if you, my man, you couldn't see little Cs in them celebrating or dancing to hit him up like we have to. You Said little Cs, bro. That's, That's a little different. That's different. That's what I'm saying. No, it's okay. Listen what I'm saying, at the end of the day, still principles when it come to friendships, period, even if you nigga 50 50 will cut a nigga off if he even see you talking to somebody that he's at war with, that's where niggas come from. That's, yeah. If he even see nigga, if you even like a comment, nigga, I remember man, no, like something my mistaken 50 wrote, yo, I did this for him.


That's just how niggas is. That's where we come from. So unless the landscape of hip hop is changing and the principles and the morals, then say that like, yo, these new niggas is coming in, we don't hold up them. Same street Moral morals. They don't, the new niggas don't. Oh, We don't hold up them. Same morals that you niggas have. And I can just go, if, if, if you said Drake and LeBron relationship is the way you said it was, yo, I text you. I do understand Drake's frustration. Like nigga, why I get that by the way. I get his Frustration. I do respect the fact that LeBron didn't go on stage. But you Can't be low key there. It is LeBron Fucking James. I LeBron James, But walk in the room everybody but Flip. That's what, that's what, that's what LeBron at some point in time, you gotta like, at some point in time you gotta ask yourself. Like, it's like if you in a battle, it's like, yo am I is it me?


Is I'm tripping. Like you have to, like you said, you in a fight, you gotta kill the ego. And all we saying is, is that if the, if you're mad at LeBron that he's celebrating with the entire world of celebrating, then the ego is still somewhere in there. You gotta kill it. Well We gonna talk about the ego. The ego part falls on Drake all the way for sure because it didn't have to go here. I always reference that part. Kendrick warned you, yo, let's keep, we don't gotta get personal. He did. We should keep it that way. If you take it there, I'm taking it further. That is something you don't want to do. You, why did you take it there? You did not have to do that. So now that's the ego. That's where the ego got you fucked up because now you went and took it there. Yeah. Okay. You went and made it personal.


Now the shit that I made, all that shit could be lies. Everything both of 'em said could be lies. Sure. But my personal shit actually stuck. Man. I just want to see that text thread. I know it's juicy. My thing is we can finish this up. My thing is with with bro with LeBron, whether you left early or not, this concert was announced off of the not like Us song. This was pop out in Show Niggas, you know that record is being performed. This people who don't know what to expect there is basically expecting a Drake dis concert. That's true. So for you to be there says a lot already. I don't care if you just there for 10 minutes in the beginning for you to be there. Just says a lot. If you my Man, is there anybody here to feel like LeBron shouldn't have went to that show?


I do. No, no I do. Yeah. If His wife, if his wife wanted to go because My, because my, that's my very next if wife go question going my fucking verbal brother, My wife wanna go, I'm going. Period. His wife is the one that's wearing the Kendrick shirt. Yeah. So now that could, his wife is the one that's wearing the Kendrick shirt. That's, that's a fact. Okay. So if he in the house chilling, playing his little PlayStation or some shit and his wife is like, yo, one time, one time show Kendrick. I want to go Juneteenth Juneteenth. come on man. come on buddy. Hey that's my man's stop that Done, done. Crazy as hell. If that's my man, I'm done with that and I know what this is. I'm done with that. I'm going the show with my wife. We are a brand. I'm going the show with my wife. I'm gonna tell my wife, yo yo you I'll send you what I'll send you with some security or something.


But I can't be there. I can't be there. I'll not be there because you know what that means? Nah. You can, You can Can't. There You a lot respect on man a You can on whatever. Don't give a fuck about they man. I don know what That is. Industry nigga. Niggas have done worse to they mans I'm Man, It's no difference. It's no difference than I. don know what their relationship is. If the Toronto rappers are playing the LA Lakers, you think LeBron is cheering? I mean Drake is cheering for the Lakers. LeBron my nigga, but I'm a Toronto fan. That's totally different. No it's not. It's the same. It's fandom that's different. It's fans that's Different. It's not totally different. It's not totally different. That is something that, and see and that's where some niggas gotta check their ego.


Some of y'all dudes that's mad at other dudes, y'all. Y'all can't even, y'all can't even fathom the things that are on that other person's plate as they add you into their equation. Yes. LeBron as he thinks about Drake does have to factor in how the city of LA looks at him as the face of the Lakers with my son here. I know how the organization just went outta their way. When, I'm in the streets, my family lives over here. He does have to factor that in there. There's a different level of money than man's. My man's, yeah. I don. I'm about my man's And some people politics Trump others they're like, I might like I love you Melyssa. You are amazing Melyssa, here comes somebody's shooting, but my daughter here, I gotta cover her first I wanna cover you.


you know, you've in this respect is so some politics, so respect. But then that goes back to Save wore This. That's why he was gonna save you. It's this McDonald's tea girl That's a McDonald's one. Oh, Shit But. yeah. Nah, nah. Like I said, I just don don't know what their relationship is but if it's, if it's tight like that as my man's, I don't expect you. I get you. And I would say this That would, the last thing I'll say is if I'm LeBron, I would say to my friend, my friend Drake, my nigga, if you are more worried about me being at a concert rather than little kids in schools and everybody's singing This shit and everybody's singing the song about you, then you really need to go back and rethink your fucking thought process. I'm worried about lot if I'm m worried About all of it. Nah, you can't.


Yes You can, bro. Both of y'all You can promised that that was y'all last closing. I'm done on demand. I'm done. I'm done. Alright. I'm just reminding you right, let's, it's My bad what y'all saying. Okay. Okay. Alright. Wait, wait,


wait, Wait, wait again, shout out. Wait, wait, wait again. Shout out to what Again? Just shout out to PrizePicks. You are antagonizing him now. I'm not. Wait, I'm shouting out my Yes I know my business partner. You know, you know what makes it worse? We got Ray Daniels up here also Co-signing the shout out What Ray said. Like Hell Oh they giving don don't want to hear that shit Ray. Ray. No, I said there fashion Noah. What was putting, if you had a body about 2016, 17, that you had some followers Fashion Nova was paying your bills. Yeah. Or robbing you depending on how you paying. Well I mean How you look at it, right? It was women making three 30, 40,000 a month just to post fashion Nova Pictures. Oh yeah, I know PrizePicks has become that for men. It's bet It is popular. All these bail. Have you seen any product with men? PrizePicks the first sponsor. Don don't wanna hear that.


Hey yo, I want to hear this Drake and Yachty record. I gotta hear It. I got you. I got You a little bit. Yeah because we talked about it for a while. Yeah. You think I'm not leaking this? You hear it already? Five seconds in how you, you understand that I'm leaking this? Oh what Mel get quiet on these topics. He just going Holy Ghost girl. I'm Ooh I wonder who he's talking to right now. Uhoh. Look at man. Why you looking at your lips? Why you biting your lower lip? You did just bite your lower lip. She was about to fight. You do a whole lot of Flagrant shit. You do? Watching the most playing my mom.


I off. Hey what's Up front Mel Ray spin a block. I'm watching the most playing a coach. She make a U-turn Nigga. She ready Send that WYD She was, that was waving. She about to send, I had a dream about you. Hey big head Cleo Pyramid. Oh Cle. I got bucket seats and He's seen the undress episode. What's I didn't say but Say come home And gimme that.


Goodness Gracious. Alright, come. Oh cool. come on. That's your said. You're coming home to give us that. Goodness gracious. You just said that to me and my bitch. Little Dr. Check. You wanna hear the Original sample at all or we not care. Yeah, but The file for a bit from Dr to Come in. That's the original nigga. Nigga Got it. It is the original shit nigga. This Shit Over Dog. I'm rapping over this with Drake and leaking it. I'm sorry buddy. That's fire. You can be a Christian on your own time and I respect that.


But this is going out that shit. Sorry that shit, I need that right now. Not like us being on my ass. Fuck you talking about? Yeah, I'm actually tight now. I need this, this was a part of my plan, this record and the Gord record at the same time. That was my plan. Switch the vibe up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Y'all can have that rap too. Sorry buddy. I'm sorry. Sorry. I'm gonna Drake side this one now. I can't really put this. Put somebody, somebody's side. Somebody. Yeah. Somebody's side. Yai yai. Come back to the internet man. Niggas that say that. Don't ever last. Man. We love you. We love you. Alright. LL cool. J sat down with Shannon Sharp. He did? Yes. I said I wasn't gonna watch it. I watched that shit. That was, I watched it just 'cause everything ll say looked like he ready to punch somebody in the face.


Honestly that's, that's really why I watch L L's been on a a a a run right now. Yeah. Underst. He's been, he's been everywhere. And, and how he sound niggas from that era of that ilk. You, it's a thing. You can hear it. Yeah. Like army niggas with that shit they get when they when they done killed too many people. Yeah. Ptsd. TDD ll don't say nothing normal. No. Everything he says sound like at any given moment I'll slap the shit outta somebody. For real. I'm off. No you're not. Y'all hear that? Can y'all hear it? Yes. Yes. Alright man. Respect the fucking l all nigga. That's the big nigga to just fight off the whim without knowing. It's coming without knowing.


You gotta train for that one. Yeah. Without that being, if, if that need to be like three o'clock high, I need to know at least 45 minutes in advance. If LL is angry at me. Are you shitting me. Hell no. What? He's like a uncle that you know, like, you know how you got the younger uncles around, but here comes the man, uncle, their brother, the big brother, the real, The real uncle. The uncle that's into that shit. Yeah. Like It is like, Hey don, don't I don't a fuck what they told you. Yeah. Fuck all that. What they told you, are they men? Are they real men? Like he got that. He did my show. He literally, he says that he's like, bro, like I'm in mc. I don't understand how niggas talking about money. you know he really ain't with that shit. He's trying to bring that true shit back to hip hop. And he's the first superstar in hip hop history. So he has a right to do so.


Yeah, they asked l who was on his Mount Rushmore of Def Jam. FJ Jam ll said the Beastie Boys, him Public Enemy and m and Slick Rick. Look at you. come on. He didn't say Rakim. come on call. He was not, RA Was, Come on Kama. Look it's alright. come on. Go ahead. I love Mel. Yeah Mel. That was great. Go ahead, jump in. Did I read something wrong And it was big Daddy Ka ain't, and then the Feds got mad 'cause he didn't say run DMC and then he replied saying run DMC was not a def jam act for the people that were not in the know. And that was that.


I don't have, I don't have anything to say about his Mount Rushmore. I can't Who who, who could argue LL Cool J about Def Jam? You can't. Have you ever heard anybody that played before? Michael Jordan? Dr. J Wilt Chamberlain. Anybody say Michael Jordan's the greatest player of all time? No. You never. They gonna, they going, they're not gonna disrespect their class. What ll did was honor his class. There's nothing wrong with that. It would've been like, by the way, him tho That is who built Def Jam. It is, that's, that's who built the house. And Jay-Z and them and DMX and everybody who people want 'em to name. That's the people that put the Trin lists in it. The nice shit. Now we gonna put a nice refrigerator on there. Like we gonna put this in there, we gonna put big screen. That's Jay and them put that on Deb's head. That's what they Did. No I don. I don't who did that horse.


I think I love the ice and Ray Daniels music off. That's What happening. I always get say let's go freeze names. He named Laid the foundation. Look, he get him freeze. It is bad. They put a little house there. Yeah, it was a little house. Yeah. Because no, It was a pretty big house. It is Not a little house. There wasn't no little house. Not a little house. come on Boss. come On boss. Compared To what was the first house Proof of concept was Made at the big proof of concept Was The biggest house. It was the big house at The time. It was the biggest house we ever bid in our life At the time. Exactly. And then the names that you mentioned, your hos, your DMX Zone took that and turned that shit into ESCOs Don't exist without. That's That's all I'm saying. You know what I said, I just didn't wanna make, I just don't wanna go.


You say a little trinket. No, I said saying made the house nice, you Know. No, no, no, no. They took that house and lifted it and now it sits up in, in the cloud. But those names don't exist. I disagree. Absolutely. I gotta, I gotta say. That's Why the house don't exist without the foundation. Let's Go. Right. I disagree. What that nigga play with you. They did make the tricks in the house turn up, bro. Better. But what them niggas also did that, the people that that ll name couldn't do was they were able to build their own houses. That's what they did. Def Jam was the house that they contributed to. But they built their own houses. The niggas that ll name, they couldn't build a house, a building, a house wasn't even a house. They were just happy to have a bed. A co on The room. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. They made get Em right back, back down ice.


I love Let's go ice. I'll jump in between you guys' argument. Pause. Who wins the verses? lls. Mount Rushmore or the, the Kevin Lowes era. Mount Rushmore, which I guess would be DMX. Jay-Z. That's unfair. Ja, I think it's unfair. You can stop there if you want. Why? I think it's like putting the modern NBA player against the eighties NBA player. What's wrong with that? But if I, but if I take the best players from back then I think I have a pretty good chance against the best players of today. What's The rules?


What? In any rules? I'll take pistol Pete, wilt Chamberlain, fucking Oscar Robinson and You can pick anybody else from Against Mike Shack. And against who? Yes. Oh, okay. Yes. Against today. Yes. Hell no. I I gave my, I gave my answer. What They gonna do with a kd bro, any of these and throw like what they gonna Do? I've listen Absolutely nothing. Steph is Smoking pistol beats boots. I I don't know that he gonna be smoking On that pistol all day with big, Not with the, not with the NBA rules back then. No. No. That may be true. Rules. Not what the BI saying, what's the rules?


You did say that box, the rules don't matter. Whatever you guys are saying right now would really grind my dad's ears. I know y'all are grinding my dad's gears right now. The rules don't matter because what peace, what pistol Pete did was before your rules existed. So there's no way for us to know if pistol Pete hit 3003 pointers before there was a three point line and he was him back then. So I can't say how he would fare, but he was the best at his position. Generations better than the mailman he was playing against. And he was doing a lot of the shit that Steph and today's players are, were are doing back then.


I I'm not gonna just totally discredit that. I used to be on the side of the fence that you are and then I saw a lot more Wilt Chamberlain footage. Wilt Chamberlain is gonna be Wilt Chamberlain in any era you put him in. So I'm just gonna give a little more respect to the greatest, the greatest back then. Fear Will Chamberlain will be wilt. It will be harder. I just seen South Sudan fa well against, against our greatest. Like don't beat me down. Speaking of that, I think next year, four years from now, we should try out for the three on three league. Have you watched any of that? It's a three on three. What? The the three on three in the Olympics. Oh. Olympics. They Got plumbers and shit out there. We Can clean shit up over there. Name for easy to ride the the gold medal.


Yes. Yo, we can leave music. I've been and we'll get back to music. I've been watching a lot of Olympics. Me too. Listen, that women's volleyball shit. Them white girl come on. Happened the fuck up. Yo. Those camera man. I mean those women. No, the cameraman doing his job. The cameraman is doing, he won. He understands the assignment. He ain doing his big one. He is. Hey big man. I've been watching some of that women's volleyball. The same one though. The outside chick? Yes. Sand one beach volleyball. I mean the indoor shit lit too. But the chicks that I like is over there in the sand gives you a whole lot more respect for women's athleticism. Huh? Huh? No, up to the, the gold It is crazy.


Yes. It is my answer to that. You saved me. Good stuff. You saved me. Oh, the big white girls. White girls that eat bricks. Tall ones. Cold ole ooh. With a thighs is matching because you've been kicking balls and rocks and sand for 25 years. I imagine what I would do in that day. That's, that's homegrown too. Ooh. Canada was looking at I yesterday too. Kansas ass. Gimme Nebraska ass. Ooh, Nebraska. Thick, blue, white baddies. Oh my god. Women's volleyball. Anyway, so I've been watching that. I've been watching This shit where niggas gotta shoot the gun. Oh yeah.


That's the coldest nigga lie. Yo, the Turkey, the Turkey nigga need to be mean bro. That shit need to be a meme bro. Like It is, It is none of that shit. Y'all, my question to y'all and anybody out there that's watching the Olympics is as I'm watching the Olympics, I see so many things that are sports that I just didn't even know were sports. Same like the drug dealer that's doing mad businesses, but don't know you're doing mad businesses. Yes. Yeah. You gotta feel like a failure watching some of this. I was watching the The other day, the people that are watching with me, we failed. Well we have our competitive gene on the fucking blacktop and Parks.


When, when Parks put the dartboard in the kitchen, I used to challenge them. The monopoly board like three on three did, did some of This shit that we could have done had we been dedicated. That's what I say to all the bad bitches out there that fucking let go of they dreams at 12. They wanted to be volleyball players too. Nah, they wanted, they, they was fucking tap dancers and then they ass was too big. Nigga start fucking pressing them grown men like, alright, I gotta, alright Dan, let me let go of my dream facts. Niggas like me. Wait, you feel me? What you Thinking? Yes, absolutely. Gimme a little bit. A thousand percent. Like I was What Was your athlete? What was your sport? Volleyball. Basketball.


You had a little handle. Baseball. Softball. Oh, you did everything, huh? Tried. You did it. You just did it. You just tried It all. I know, I, I did a lot. And then I boys How did Hype Williams derail all of that? It was way before that. Boys. Boys. You was the first Canadian like Sweet Valley High. I became like just, I was boy crazy in high school and just, and all. And the girls on the teams, they were mean to me. Social Butterfly. Yeah. Listen. Social Butterfly. Listen, you're from Canada, right? From Toronto. You the first Canadian I've ever met that didn't say their first sport was, or top three was Hockey. you know what? There was no hockey team in, in my high school, but I would play hockey with like my friends. So you played in, in the street?


Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Some shit. we know nigga, I could better Buy some hockey stuff. Hey, if you coming out, if you coming out to play some hockey with the niggas, I'm about gonna to Shit. Gimme some roller blades. The fuck Fiona from Farmers had me going crazy at nine and 10. Oh Shit Did y did y'all see the boxing match that everybody's an uproar about? We talked about it. We spoke about it a little bit on the Patreon. Okay. However new information has been released since then. So I'm glad you brought that up. Yeah. Turns out that the trans is not a trance. She's not. No, I'm aite probably. What? That's I don don don't think that's the right word. The right terminology. Can we say that word?


Say that. Herma. I never know what that word meant. I don. That's hermaphrodite. Don't think that's the word To say. A hermaphrodite is somebody that has both Dick and the pussy. To put it, you Watcher You watch a lot of her This shit. Lemme Say ma chicks was dicks her Ma is not, hermaphrodite is not a bad word. It is Not. I've been seeing the word intersex be used. I, I read something that said she is a woman born a woman. She just has some type of A chromosomal thing. Chromosome Thing that raises or Testosterone. They said they, they said that what I read, they said they're not, they're unsure because the country she's from doesn't test for the things that and the Olympics did test. And, and, and the Olympics didn't run certain tests.


And That's what They said. So they saying that they don't, they said they didn't say she wasn't, they didn't say she was, but they did say she for a fact takes some kind of hormone pills that made her, that's why I think the, the trans word came from Pill You. can Y'all said the wrong word? Well, When, you add the When, you ask the Y on hold. Listen, lemme hold on. Listen. If You, if you got a friend named Bobby, you Wanna show him love, you call him Bobby. Right? You that's love When. you add a word to it. You old school ass nigga. When you old. We don't say that no more. You look older than me. Flip. You look older than me, my nigga older than you. But at the same time, you doing bullshit. Stop. You get us cancel nigga. I like coming to work. I didn't know I'm asking. I really, he gonna leave back every day.


He leave go back pocket. Yeah. I didn't know. So you just take, you just leave the Y offs. Just leave the Y off by the way, Seamless. By the way, can we, That is what we need more of in our culture. Correction. We punish people rather than educate. Yeah. Flip You can just learn from the Canadian brother. She, she only educated. Yes. Thank you for that. Thank you for that. Don't, by the way, you'll never hear use That word again because of what you just said. 'cause now I understand. Okay. Hey, out big Mel, you stop doing This shit. You doing? Yeah. In a McDonald. How fuck are you doing? How you doing?


That's a coming to America. Shit. Be a lady. Fuck. Anyway, any who? I just had some that I wanted to play. I have been enjoying the Olympics though as well. Let me see. Shout as 16 killed. Oh, shout out to Simone Biles, who is now We up. Well, the entire female just say hold up. She's producing. She always stuff your shit. I, I love what? Hold up. We let, let's finish this out surface Is the IOC allowing a non-biological woman to compete in their boxing. That sound like Ray at the Olympics. The answer on the surface is yes, but When you dig in.


It's a little bit more complicated. This is Iman Kif. The Algerian is the most controversial athlete at the Olympics right now. Nah, money. This morning man fought Angela Carini from Italy. Ill clean that fight up real Quick. Hit him after kicking a few punches. Retired. She went over to her corner and said, I cannot do this anymore. Started Crying. Take it down. So I'm only gonna show you screenshots. Here is an overhand. Right. That's what I did in front of crimes. Here's some footage from 2022. How you do that like this When Iman did compete before. Oh man. Money fucking before the IBI had Enough of your voice, dude. Yeah. But Iman has nine losses. It is Not a great project.


Yeah. So, so, so, so dude money is lost before Money. Holy nine time Fam, Fam stop. Yo, because yeah. Olympics will cancel us. Fam fam, fam has lost before and money only got four knockouts money in like 38 fights or some shit. So. Sure. You just lost dog. Yeah. I think it's more reflective of America that we just assumed niggas is Strand. Yeah, it works. Yeah. It is True. True. She said she got fights. But I didn't know what intersection. Man, I don't, I'm not afraid to be ignorant. I didn't know what it meant. Yeah, I'd Rather she's, there's some sort of condition.


Chromosomal condition. But she is a female. Okay. She's from a Muslim country. They don't even like allow Homosexuality, let Alone trans. Trans. Yeah, yeah. True. They, I they get a gold medal. Actually, maybe She was bucking the system. Maybe. Shit. Go away. Oh, we won. Alright, we gonna change this, our stance on this a little bit. Now what? They ain't gonna fuck us up bro. Don't say us. I'm quiet on the topic. Your name Or the bottom? You right in the corner. Yep. Nah, this will be my invisible track. Oh. Shit. Okay. Alright.


Back to music. Back to music. Go America. Back. Go America. Nah. Wait, wait, wait. It was one dark, dark ass joke. I saw Yo When. you talking about, dude, that was shit. Oh, repeat it here. Yeah, I'm going to This. shit was great dude. That was he the Turkish gentleman that that was Who just showed up with earplugs and, and a gun. Prescription glasses and bang. Yes. And won the silver So I saw. Somebody was saying, damn, as much shooting that take place in America, how the Americans ain't win the gold It my reply back and said, because the event didn't take place in a school. Oh Shit very fucked up. I have a dark sense of humor. That was hilarious. You got a dark sense of humor. But you shouldn't leak the track 'cause nigga's a Christian Oh.


Shit. I got a dark Sense of humor. We Got it. Yeah, I know buddy. We Got it. Damn music. We were Talking about the Mount Rushmore of def jamming Before Got it. We offered him Mount Rushmore of fucking Def Jam. Well, Speaking of Def Jam stuff, Dam Vulger too. Oh Nah. Dames shares a Rockefeller that he's been trying to sell. When I unable to sell. It is now going up for auction. Reasonable Doubt. And, and it, No it's not Rockefeller. It's just reasonable doubt. It's just no. Mm m it's his third. 33%. One third 30 Rockefeller, which owns reasonable doubt.


Exactly. That's a part of, and their most valuable but only reasonable doubt. Yeah. That is reasonable doubt. That's Yeah, because they sold, because he said they sold the Rockefeller L-L-C-I-N-C. That's when they sold the Def Jam. But the only one, 'cause Reasonable Doubt didn't come out on Def Jam. He Came out on the first one. Yeah. Oh. So what do we think about it? I checked my Bitcoin put off in see if we had nothing put off in Yeah. But then they said at the auction, the minimum bid is a million dollars. So. I thought it was going from 1.2. 1.2. So When I read that. I took a second to laugh. I can't tell y'all what I laughed at, but boy, It, is it juicy?


It'll give me in beef. Well now we wanna know. you know, you wanna know. And I'm keeping it to myself. Damn. And I'm keeping it to myself. Y'all don't, y'all not privy to all of my thoughts. Definitely. But boy would give me in some trouble. It is funny though. And you know what, I'm getting right back to this. But I was home thinking, listening to the pod and y'all tried to set me up with my bisexual Biggie and Pac Beef take. We tried to set 'em up. The ones that tried to keep it from giving that take multiple times. Right. But go ahead. you know the funniest part about that and how pussy y'all be about just my beard, my beard surface, low fruit thoughts. The pussies part of that for y'all is at no point y'all block me from getting to the juiciest part of my imagination with them being bisexual.


Pause. Carry on. Carry on. Resume. Fuck you Parks. In this What if episode, if everybody's bisexual, boy does Puff signing big look really different. And if he's bisexual, boy do the rumors of Big wanting to get away from Puff look very, very different. Boy, it looks different. The end. Hmm. The end. Fuck you. I'm glad they don't let you write. What if. Why You don't think that's fire?


No. That would be a fire. What if Are you shitting me? Oh my God. You look, you watch every Tyler Perry movie. You don't think what? You don't think what I'm saying? Saying I think this is too you watch Oval Office by Tyler Perry. I just watch that. You don't think what I'm saying is fire? I think that's ass why That is trash. Pun intended. Why? Aw, come on. Heck in just two words. The efficiency he scored 60 or four Triple. We're gonna pistol Pete over here at me doing it again. Three words. Stop. You're breaking my word. Counter cut for that or Yeah, but we was talking about, we was on music before.


Fucking Wild Chick. You should buy it. Yeah. Go get it. Go get it. Yeah, you should. You just read up Payback, you know, yo, he on your ass. I didn't re up anything. Okay. Payroll. I looked at payroll. It's a lot. It is a lot. Full-time. Jack. Huh? Pat. Pat me on the back. God forbid if I go out there and find a way to help supplement some of everything that I'm fronting out of pocket. Don don't want to Hear. Boy, that sounds like a smart thing to do. I think So, I hate to get chastised for being. I think some of us don't care about that. I don't I think that you're doing what you have to do to make this wonderful ship that you built Run. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


That we built. Oh that. Even so we Built, I'm, if we built It then I have to keep the band together. I know Julius Randall was eligible for an extension. I know OG and Nobi want two 12. I know Jalen want one 40. Can't lose Divan. Denzel, Josh Hart need that. And the, you gotta make the cap work. Say no more. I'm With you right now. The cap is working. It just takes a little more work for me. But the cap is working. Everybody here good spot. I'm gonna move on. I don't want any smoke.


I Think you should go and purchase Reasonable Doubt or put a bid in. I thought about it. I think you should. Man I thought about it. Get Your shit back for that little button line. It'll take you To another. Come on Joe. I thought about it just so my fucking comeback to rap bar. Could be never got a rock chain, just got the equity. Ah. Ah. And you, let's go. I thought about it Just for the bar, but like, nah, I'm retired. I think I had that bar in the tongue for Minute too. It's fire.


But I feel like, I feel like if HOV wanted it, he would just, he would just get it. Yeah. How buy it Auctions auction You meant because No, at dog auction. Oh, okay. At the auction. Yeah. The bare minimum bid is a million dollars. You gotta pay two 50 that upon purchase of it. Light work. Of course. Yeah. I mean I, I, I, I, I gotta lie. I thought about it. I was like, I swear I was like When I sold him for 2 million. I was like, 'cause I mean, not even for the sake. It is not even about that. It's like Jay-Z is the, to me, the greatest rapper of all time. And imagine 100 years from now from Atlanta, what That Would, what That would be worth? Like what That would be Worth. That's the same thought process. Had hundred years. Now it's like having a piece of Mozart, a piece of, yeah, It is Beethoven.


It is, and but it's also like arguably his, I'm such a fan of Ho that if he wanted it I would just be like, man, just gimme what I paid back for. 'cause it's like I got so much respect for what he did for me. Of course as a artist, just like teaching me how to go out and get it for myself. That I, I thought about it but I was like, no Problem. That album is on my list of albums that will be talked about till the end of time period. Absolutely. It is, I agree. And that alone is worth Only 33% of that. Yeah. It's worth the purchase for me for a meal. What? Alright, So what do we think? That's the starting point. Auction. That's the starting though. What do we think is gonna close It? Well, yeah, That's, I Now let's some foreshadowing out there. What we think It is going Well if academics stop posting about it, then When. I go there. It might be a little low in there like When, you go to court and it's empty.


Like, woo, I'm about to smoke this. I'm in and outta here. Exactly. I wish these dudes would shut the fuck up. They're talking about in New York City at 3:00 PM on Wall Street, The auction is Shut the fuck up. Y'all driving the price up. Shit. Why nobody just call Damon and say, let me just give you this Dame probably want to give it to the right person. Do we Believe Dame don't have whatever amount of money is in question? 'cause it's not a whole lot. It's like 800. I don't believe that. don don't It. Is that that he was a I? think that he's just a business player. I Just think it goes back to what you said. Like, you know, like even yesterday I had to make payroll for my style. I like that shit kicked like I, I needed an hour away from them. I didn't wanna look at him. For me, It is like, don't even look at me right now. 'cause y don't know what I was in the, I had to do to make sure This shit goes. So I'm Yeah, I'm with you on that.


It's like, shit, That sound like ownership problems Bro. No, but, but It is. But it's, it's, it's, that's why when Joe said it, I understand it 'cause it's like, it looks good. But when they like, we need this today. And you hoping some coming 30 days from now. But to today, It is like shit. Kick your ass baby. Tough. Kick your ass baby. Dude. They don't wanna talk no more. No, we Don't care. No, they don't wanna be, Hey, they don't wanna be playing no more. I don't give a fuck about none of that. That's nothing to do with me. Yeah. Yeah. That's the problems of an owner. Yeah. don don't own, don don't. Yeah, I listen, I say it all the time. I'm a worker. Yeah. I, because I don't want that headache with some of that shit. That's True. I want that headache. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. Shout out to the fucking renters out there man.


They looked you quick. Yeah, they did. First day, first day out. First Day. Yo. Everybody that's out there renting, you got the belly shit though. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Keep renting. Ain't nothing wrong with renting. I Agree. Don't listen to nothing Troy and Rash said. I, I've been in the room with, I've been in the room with some very wealthy people lately that had that same mentality. Rent. Rent. Your rent ain't as bad as they made it out to be. Man. I ain't gonna hold you not, But wait, do some of those, you know, wealthy people, do they own like a portfolio of real estate though? Maybe. Okay. Sorry. It just Really be tough. It's where you wanna spend your money at. It's like, I I it's where you wanna spend your money at.


Like the hassle of that. The hassle of being the, I have people that, tenants I hate You can call 'em on the phone the fourth. Right. It's the fourth. I'm gonna give you the most. It is like, I just hate that part because I pay my shit. Same. So It's like I be expecting the same thing. So, I, I, I hate that shit. The rent part. Like owning and rent I don want that. I Love that shit. Something get broke. Yeah. A yo big dog. Big dog. Big Dog. This shit ain't working over here. My house gonna Sit Eclectic tanks bro. Trust me, I the maintenance of it. It is incredible bro. Having a It is, I'm with you like, it's smarter. Like, by the way, you shouldn't start owning anything until you are in place. Yeah, I agree. Like, figure it out first then do a, a nigga went on the house like rent until you figure out Yeah.


You own a house and now you realize that something go wrong. The upkeep. Ain't nobody to call. That's on You now. I hate mortgages and everything. I swear What else We got music. I'm iso in it. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm going to the corner baseline three for Cardia. Let's let Flip get his shit off, man. Vibes cartel. Yeah man. I already said it. He's home. He's free. They didn't wanna retrial him, you know what I mean? And then they, they let him go after 13 years Vibes his home. Can I ask a question? Yes. And I'm just asking just to see the level Man. Just ask the question nigga. I don't try to like butter me up. What up? I love this nigga. I love this nigga. Bro. Does this, does his coming home mean more than when Bju came home?


'cause when Bou came home, that shit was like Bju iss home. I'm just asking like, I'm not from Jamaica. So, I wanna know Bju, the difference with Bju is bou. The older people can relate to Bou. My father, my mom, uncles, those are Bju fans. Do you feel Like Bou was more like commercially known as well? He was more commercially known. But, but, but But, yeah. Back then Vibes. Vibes is just It is dance hall. Remember Bou is not Dance Hall. It's reggae. Exactly. Reggae, yeah. Dance Hall has taken over the genre and and expanded around the world. And What was Bju in jail for? Cocaine. A little Different distribution. Very different.


Different. How long was bougie? Locked up for? Bou was locked up for about 10 years. Gotcha. 10 years. And he got goddamn he got his visa back. you know, he was locked up up here Miami. And, but, but vibes, vibes is more to me the younger people. Got you. I mean it was the epidemic of bleaching. Yeah. He was one of the, the head spares of the bleaching epidemic. I mean the clocks and shit. Like he was a trend setter. So drop that shit Fever. Yeah. He's home nigga. Don't take Me Mel.


Never heard this song. She should man Everything Chris. My good. Watch Chris. My good love Nigga, nigga, Nigga, I got challenge for this nigga because he talking shit.


Hey, He grew up in his recite the lyrics nigga all that. Oh, Oh. Shit recite the lyric. That's When. I. Check out I'm half Jamaican as a girl Paul, I can't recite that. Okay, look at, lemme recite his lyrics and It is porn worthy. That's where she do that thing. When I you on. That's when she thought that my nigga the song exactly.


I'm down with you. They forced now To perform This shit. He didn't flip that. Your heart. He was tight. He shout I didn't like it. Now he played in Jamaica. Shout to him. But. yeah, that shit Right there. That's when she bend over. You see that back to waist to ass ratio. Shit. Get to moving. Mm oh sitting. Right. I just got real hoardy it. Take a minute. Pause for the horny. Sprinkle A little hoard. Yeah. I wish So I. Wish some of y'all was there man, y'all wasn't Damn That shit.


Shit. Let's keep it a buck man. How long you think before that jet land over there? Oh, it's on the way. You think it's in the air already? Yeah, it's In the air. What y'all talking About The jet with the clouds on it. Drake. I just said a jet bro. I'm just saying how long before the Jet Drake put, Hey, I'm moving my mic so y'all don't blame me. Y'all don't blame me for all the Drake talk. I'm past my quota, but go ahead. I want, I Didn't, I never said his Name. I, I might take the other side of this. What other side? I might take Drake's side. You think he's doing that? Why wouldn't he? Yes. We just talked about how we need a record right now to get us out the bullshit. We had one these Christian niggas front. Okay Cool. He's fucking Christian. You don't think just that it makes sense logistically.


It does, absolutely does. Fuck anything else. He just came home. They celebrating like crazy. This is a sound that I've done quite a few times. I'm bad at geography. How far is Toronto from wherever Vibe is from? I'm skipping A jump. Jamaica Like 10 minutes. No, I gotta a jet. It's like don don't care. I don't care. Where's pretty Jet? About three, Four hours. Don don't care where it's at. Listen, You don't think that makes sense. When Buju came home, Cala went straight to Jamaica. Man, no comment. That looked away too. Huh? That looked away too though. Yeah. Sizzla, first of all, Sizzler got mad and he burnt Plaque. They broke his, They broke the, the plaque that K gave. Sizzler got mad like you can't play with Jamaica and stopped.


you know, sister was very mad. He didn't burn the sun. He took the, the what's Khaled's son name? Asad. Asad. They cut the picture out and they put it up. Asad of respect to Asad. But they broke it. So like people, it, it did look away to some people, a lot of people. And then when you're in it, you expect the person to keep their word. So apparently Khaled was supposed to keep a promise or something or, and he did it, you know to get Sizzler on a song. So with those rastafarians, if you don't keep your word, that's all they on. They on principle. Right, right, right. So it does, you know, so then now the things you hear about It is in his mind like okay so this was the intent. you know what I mean? So it do be looking away. When you fly out there in initially, but If he puts out a song with vibes, I'm gonna listen to it And it's going be A slap.


I also think there will be a community that looks at that. But what? But what? Why you don't look at What if the song is a slap though and why? That's all I'm talking about. I'm just talking about he needs a slap. We just said this So I think they'd be more happier for vibes. Yeah. On it. I mean it'd be good for him. Like I, I agree with you but I agree with you though. I think, I think right now it can't be because of what he said on the record, it can't be going to someone else that gets some help. It kind of gotta be like you're on your own. You gotta figure that So I. Don't think Bobs will want to do it right now or say drop something nuts and we'll come. I don't know if he would, Nigga vibe just came home vibes. But Listen, he just came home Instagram nigga. He put out out. Yeah. Look how excited you are. Everybody's excited every That, that's my point now He don't need, he, he don't need more excitement. That's what I'm saying. He don't need but the biggest Artist Vibes might not be one of them type niggas.


Well See. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, there we go. Okay. I, I see what Ray is saying. I Just, he might be like, oh fuck outta here. Come down Buble. you know You if you On that type shit then yeah nigga like You said, there's a lot of pride to it. There's a lot of pride to it. you know when he said that colonized line, I think it changed the way people look. That shit, it's just scary now. It's like fuck, he might not want go down Oh, Shit tell him I'm coming. you know, you just never know. Okay. Ray might be worse than me. I ain't gonna lie. Ray might be worse than me. He doesn't smooth though. He does a Smooth. Yeah. Yeah. You're, I wish I could be as me this Joe. I wish I could just say fuck nigga. I wish I Could every be times he only be wanting to say mean shit. It's just the way it come off like they take that shit like damn son the fuck I Feel funny. Shit. I feel like I'd be up here being nice. Me too.


I do feel like I'd be me too if y'all knew the things I really thought about people like I come up here and kind of Talk a little bit. This is therapy to get better. Yeah like this is like, lemme ask me a question. Yes. Virgo brother It is like ask me a question and let me answer it as politically correct as I can. As I can without saying something to disrespect. But the truth should never be disrespectful. Sh That's where people get moose offended at. Yo should I be I saying that? No disrespect I don know be so effective. don don't know the level of bitch that some of y'all be. Yeah if I knew it I would tiptoe around it or sugarcoat some of my shit once I learned what degree of bitch you are. If I like you enough and and and shit you deliver, I'll cater around it for sure.


It's a bunch of niggas I don't talk about up here because I like the product that they deliver and I don't want to interrupt they bitch ass this while they doing this. Well I don't wanna come out and enjoy it And they be like, you said something Nick nigga. Yeah. Just Because I don I 99 things about you but the one move you said my Lord that's what you wanna harbor my nigga. That's not real. That's every day I'm here. That's not real. I got, I should better tell you like nigga I would love this smile if we did the show and Joe pulled me to the side flip. Any one of y'all say yo next time do this nigga. I'm not gonna be like fuck outta here. I'm like thank you for that. Like don don't see it as That sensitivity is all time. Yeah. Yeah nigga It is the intent behind it. We should focus on focus on the intent. I don't get that. What's the intent to hurt you if the intent is to hurt you, that's Different. That's my thing. Nobody's Trying to to hurt y'all.


But I'm saying I'm not trying to hurt. I'm just trying to tell the truth based to my like your audience got, you got an audience that listen to you. I gotta an audience that listening to me, they'll dis if you say something nigga gonna be like, oh Joe, that's not real Joe. That's not the Joey we know the same way if you do it's the same shit bro. We all catering to our audience. So These them niggas call me and be like Joe, you was a musician, you know where we come from so it hurts more coming from you. So it's like, like what the fuck did that mean? Yo it be killing me to have enough discipline looking these people on the eye or hearing their voice on the phone and saying nah I feel where you're coming from. Nah. That You don't wanna say nothing. you right about that. That bothered you. I really, I don't understand why that bothered you. There we go. Like if Drake It is Drake, listen, if I had a 7 67 and I had the money I could give a, I would fly over you poor motherfucker.


I would fly across the motherfucking Hudson. I would burn my and I would say I would text Joe look out the window nigga here's my power Bitch. Hey bitch ass nigga now bitch ass nigga look up. That's what I would do. That's the flex I would do nigga. I wouldn't give a fuck what nobody gotta say about Hey yo look up. Hey bitch nigga Look up the window nigga I'm outside. I'm waving at you. Look up from your mama bedroom. The one upstairs in the corner. I see you from my jet you bitch I'm with you. I'm with you. Right. come on I don Get it. I do that now and I ain't nowhere near where these niggas at. I what the, who gives a fuck what you nigga say about me? It'd be like nigga be like why you listening to this nigga? I'm saying nigga you should listen to me.


I can't believe you. And then you look at that shit. It is like, and you think people should listen to you. Hey I just don't get it. It don't make sense to me bro. This is dog. We all have opinions. Everybody has opinions bro. If you don't like my opinion my nigga, as long as I didn't say nothing about you. Yeah you your opinion. If I Said something about you like don don't like Cardi, that's different. I don't like I love Cardi but I might not like Card's song and that should be okay 'cause I'm gonna still support you 'cause I love you. I just, don don't like all Eddie Murphy movies. I love Eddie Murphy. don don't love Boomerang Love coming to America but some shit I'm like that ain't for me. And it's that simple. That should be okay. It should be okay. But it Don't be okay. Not it's not okay. It's not Y'all. It's not okay. Not okay. It don't be okay. It is not okay at all.


Y'all hype. Y'all hype. Nutty. Professor did. Nutty Professor was all hype man it Was good. I don even think about Nutty Professor. I was going, I was going Soundtrack is far Pluto Nash shit. Soundtrack is one of the best ever. Oh Shit. I was going with Pluto Nash shit. Thong song is on that soundtrack. Right? It might've been. I think Thg song is on that nutty Professor soundtrack. It is It is heat on there 20 years? You would know. I don't Really listen to soundtracks as much as I used to in this because Hey Poppy is on it. Hey Poppy by the way, that's one of the two greatest beasts my nigga. I Got it. We talking about First Nut. No, no, no. First nutty professor was touch me, tease me Case. Yes. I like What I like what I like Guy Mon Joy.


Oh Don don't know that what you do, Ain't no nigga I like That was up there. Yes you right. Yeah it was. It was some records on there doing it again. Which was the remix of doing it LL that was on there. Peace. The ll love him. Some naughty up there. I ain't say nothing Last night as yet. That was on in. That's it. Oh my god. I should have five more kids on that record a long time. What? You were so innocent freak ass nigga. Why she was innocent. Aw Melyssa. Can I ask you a question? Can men talk to women like that on records? Good question.


Like, like like I listen one of my favorite records is Johnny gi Ma ma ma Mine and nigga says mine too put on that sweet perfume. I'm just imagining telling the like I'm on a day Melyssa. I'm like, yo, I'm coming to pick you up. Yo. But put on that sweet perfume. She gonna be like, oh She'll be nigga that work. Can I say put on that sweet Perfume. Yo, yo yo. Stop, stop, stop, stop nigga Nigga watch on Melyssa. Nigga watch your mouth. Don't use as no dick nigga. Yo Queens. Can I tell you So I gotta tell So I Amm a motherfucking player. my nigga from Atlanta. Nigga I gotta I nigga bro. don, don up. Woman don't pick up Atlanta. Shout out to Atlanta.


Don't t from Atlanta. Shout to Atlanta. Don't try to protect Mel. Fuck out here nigga. Nigga bad. I'm trying to be slick. I'm asking if a guy on a date with Why nigga trying slick nigga Target bag. What About you want date with somebody else, nigga in Atlanta? But the question is For Mel. How fuck, fuck am I supposed do? That is asking Can a man do that? If a man was to say to a Woman, but don't use my sister as no example. I hate the brother that's blocking. Get him. Hey brother, move all I'm gonna move. I'm not blocking Do that. Lemme, I'm bagging your sis at the club. No let you, she wants to come home with me. I don't want tell you that nigga in the parking lot, but move out the fucking way. Lemme Say you handle This. you know, honestly, I think that a woman would appreciate a man saying that to her.


Oh Yeah, you better be a woman per No, no, no, no, no. That would better be A woman. Listen, we spent a lot of money on perfume. And to have a man recognize that it smelled really good and ask can you wear that scent? Yes. Why would That, would That make you feel? Why Would anybody be upset about that? I would love that today. Yes. I would tell you what'll happened if you sit in that stage. I Say, she gonna say buy me something. No, no, no. She gonna screenshot This shit and go put on. Look at this nigga trying to control Me. Me. Oh, pick me ass niggas. Yep. That's what's gonna hack me nigga to my sleep. Mel no Mel from old school. That that might be, yeah. Mel's from old school. Maybe that's why. Yeah, that's why. That's why I'm on your ass. Yo flip. Can I tell something? Can I tell you something? As your brother flip, I wanna tell you something. As a brother on record, don't ever tell a woman she's from the old school. That's the worst Thing You can say. By the way, you from Queens, you play, you know Way more than me.


You smarter than me. Everything. But Just don't. Some southern advice gentlemen. Some southern gentlemen advice. Tell a woman, you from the old school, where you from? Where, where you originally from? I'm, I was born in the Bronx. Nigga You sold the fuck out. You can't talk to me nigga. Go back to the Bronx. Nigga don't run up them fucking stairs. That stairs. Nigga go sit there and fall down. Like Jack Nicholson. I mean, what's the nigga name? Joaquin Phoenix. Yeah. Joaquin Nigga. How about nigga? I just know Mel get a little flustered when niggas compliment. I don't like that. Calm down. I do not. Okay. And it was a question. Check that nigga right? He was question what? Check that nigga, he was asking a question.


He Special. So I So I proud. You tell a chick today you so proud. Be with She'll be fucking James Harden By nine by 9:00 AM You Right? Tell Chick tell her chick today. I'm so proud to be with you. Yeah, she'll be in Lonzo Ball's fucking Instagram story tomorrow. Shit. Sorry. Talking about her love language is money. My love language is ask some service. No, no, no. Y'all hate where the fuck that came from. No, listen, listen.


You ain't see the video. It is Some, some girls who dropped the video. I just saw it this morning on the way here where they was like, apple Pay made my pussy wet. Y'all didn't. That's where we at. That's where we at guys. Sounds like a B. How old are they? How old are they? Sexy. Red got another one Old. No, no, no. That would, that's what they said. Imagine if Sexy Red got on this Sexy red. Is he? I'm sorry. She Sexy. Red is incredible. She's Fine. She she's fine. I know It is against like my moral confidence. But it's heat. Yeah. It is heat. That's just man, like that shit too. Do You think It is because she's so raw? Like that's why people like it. 'cause she's wrong. It's fun, it's entertaining. It Is fun. Yeah, it's fun. It's fun. But what's everything Ain't gotta be that serious yo. Yeah, it's fun. I see what you're saying. I don't need her to be Nas word please Don. Like I have Nas And her music is built to affirmations.


Her music is built for when women are feeling good Get is sexy. Like her music is full of affirmations. She can't lose Nigga St. Louisburg. Sorry, did I say something wrong? Nah, You, I didn't. Fuck you. So. I feel like, I feel like, I Feel like every time you a smooth nigga Ray, everything is like a line nigga. You a smooth nigga Ray. Man. I'm in my head man. I'm my I. gotta watch you nigga. Huh? What happened Mel? I didn't say anything shit. Oh, make sure. Stop. Stop it. I love you. Fuck you up. I'm right out there on the balcony. I will we'll fight. No more meeting. We had meeting Oh. Shit. What else we got in music? We got, we Got it. This mad music. Did Y'all, did y'all pick The LOX Tiny Desk?


Hell. First thing, First thing I saw. That shit was amazing. That Shit was fire. Absolutely. I see it going everywhere though. Yeah. I, I I sat down and watched it. I think there was about seven, eight records. Something like that. Yeah, something like that. I got a million for 33% of The too. Dame got me just thinking about the niggas I love, you know, the niggas I love, nigga. I would be down with that shit. Shit me. By the way, we gotta give the The props because groups are not in style. Groups are not promoted. Everybody wants to be individuals. But to see these grown, grown men who look healthy doing good for themselves, still staying true to that brotherhood. I could just, I just wanna celebrate them for appreciate doing That.


They always promote themselves and they also execute every time. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, you know as you become men, like your politics become over that. But to see them still keep the LOX together. Yeah. That shit just means a lot man. And Deliver. And the part I really like, like we don't know if they ever did have any internal shit. We never saw it. That's My point. They came together. Yeah. Man shit. Yeah man, shit. Everybody don't have to see that. And By the way, Jada could go get his money style. Everybody gonna get their money. And no matter, and nobody's looking at it like I'm not that I'm on to this. It is not. That's home base. I love this. That that's what makes them like maybe the second greatest group of all time to me is The lack of bullshit. The lack of public bullshit. No, it's how they have handled.


Just move shit. Whatever bullshit there was. Whether we know about it or not. Right? Like there's been some rumors. I love them too much to mention it, but however they handled it. Look at the result. The field Versus Yeah. Anybody but the greats of the field run. D-M-C-E-P-M-D, Outkast, Outkast, Dipset, Wutang, all Of them. Dip set. You can go down The list. Wutang. Like that's the one thing where this slider is on 99 and everybody else's is maybe just a little lower. Yeah. So shout out to the The man. I still remember niggas done started something coming out. Man, it was a hard time playing basketball and them Hoboken basketball courts when that was out and niggas had them little Sonys and the projects was right there.


Oh my Lord. That record was James. Shout to the shorty doing the background vocals. She was killing it. Yeah, she did. She did all the parts. Did all of them. Yeah. She dope Buying signs. She went from that to power Shit. Kim Shit, by the way. Shout out to Tiny Death for putting music at the forefront Word. Like everybody want. I just like, I just appreciate that, that they're making music the forefront. No conversations but just come form instead of eight of your songs Comes to me. Find somewhere He ain. I wanna hear. I I love to hear. He might tell me some shit. I'm like, damn, that's true. I I ain't thought about it. Here we go. This Is one of the moments where I could have just let that You could have celebrated.


Have a good time. Yep. Because I just want be careful. The labels make all the money from the tiny disappearance. The artist is doing it for the look. For sure. So now what do you think? I, I, that's why I said, I just say shout out to them for the economic contribution that make it to our community. I said shout out to them for making music the center. Ah, once the the economics is behind it. That's just a whole nother thing. But you right, I I would like for places out there to start acknowledging that part of things. For sure. Well actually, don, don't care. I'm retired and do do what y'all want. Well, back to the back, back to the The tiny desk. I, I loved it because I was, I'm always When I.


See these tiny desks? I'm always curious what records you gonna pick. The The don't really have When I first heard they were doing one. I'm like, what songs? Right? They don't have the records. They could go with like A band. They picked the right songs to have. Yeah, they did too. Darro Jones is an amazing drummer. Like, that was fire. I didn't expect to hear Good Love. I didn't expect to hear Kiss Your Ass Goodbye. But now with a band, it really sounded like they picked the right shit. So Curation Was a mo that Yeah, I agree. Yeah. We gonna make it with the strings. A plus. A plus. That was the one that took me by Surprise. The most of how it sounded with the live band. Everything else I kind of provision. But how they did we gonna make it that that was Fire So I really wanted to hear off of the Love though.


Like did a little tease. Yeah. I was like, oh, he started with this. Let's go, let's Go. And I hate to be that guy, but the The Tiny Desk does make me want see a Dip set Tiny Desk. Ooh, That'd be crazy. I do wanna see it. I do What songs? Like which ones would stand out that you would wanna hear Right off the bird. I want to hear. I'm ready. I want to hear I I really mean it. Anthem. I want Hear Bird Say. I, I Say Bird Money and I really mean That's the one. That's the one. I just need that one. I really Mean it. come on man. I remember that Time So I saying, oh, That's what you did. I York DT the hell you telling me Nigga. I trying to say I know you that Because I'm out here man.


I want, yeah, I want hear that. That's Dip. I don't give a fuck. I don't care. They Sold us off. I don't care. They just sold. Okay. They Sold. Okay. I Got it. I Got it. It ain't, yeah, they sold Us. Can I ask a question? I'm just asking 'cause we hip hop fans, but we get pissed. Mic check. 1, 2, 1 2. Is there two songs? That? is that a, a record with two rappers going back and forth that are that's better than we going make it. Like, first thing I go through is Jay Brooklyn's fines. I'm like, I don't know. Brooklyn's Finances is better than we gonna make it. But I'm just like two rappers going back and back. I can't think of no record better than that. Hmm. But two rappers going back to back and just them niggas ate that shit. my nigga. The what is Fire? But it's not the same level. That's what I'm saying. I'm like, like it was like them niggas was in a booth together.


Like nah, It's one of them Posse Cuts. I mean, you named the one that I, that I, you like Whistle Finest is the first one. I go To Brooklyn Finest. It's one of them Posse cuts where Jay and Style kissing Styles did the back, back and forth. I'm trying to remember which one it was that was Up there with with We gonna make it to me. I'm, they got so many other Posse cut joints. I'm, it's gonna come to me in a second. Well, biggie did that motherfucking right. My pocket's looking kind of tight. I didn't know as a kid. Didn't know that was a second person. Me neither. I thought that was big. my nigga. I thought that was just another rapper. I didn't know that was big. So, Oh wait, that's, there was someone else. I didn't even know that until you Down. No, that's big. No, on the record. That's Big though. That's what I thought. Yeah. Yeah. I'm saying before you thought it was two people. I thought it was two people saying Got you. Yeah. When it came out. Gotcha. So that was another one popped in my head.


'cause I'm like, what record? I don't know. Amazing. How big, by the way, by the way, with that being said, that says we need more of that hip hop Yeah. Groups, More groups going back and forth, like Yeah. Yeah. More actual collaboration. Yes. Not email collaborations In the studio. Yeah. You say this. I'm gonna say that right? Yeah. A lot of vocal flexibility from Biggie shown there. It was You. all right. You. all right. I'm fine. What Seemed like a callback? Yeah, don't try to make it a callback. Okay. I ain't, I ain't calling it nothing bad. Biggie did his thing. He did. He did his thing. Money. Money killed it. What the what? He killed it.


Biggie is money. Come do that. Don't do that. Rest in peace is one of the greatest of it. Absolutely. What else? What else? What else? What else? What else? Y'all running from the Cardi topic? Nah, that's good. Congratulations to Cardi on her. There We go. Round. There we go. come on Cardi. We Got it. come on Big Cardi. The Other shit. We can let the blogs talk about that unless y'all want had a blast. Nope. The nice thing I want to say is that It is good to see women able to have kids and still have careers. Yeah. That's the most important. Like It is not like, you know, usually when a woman get pregnant, it's like we won't see her for two years. Mother will be out there twerking, pregnant out. It's like, it don't matter. So shout out to her for being able to still keep her career going. For sure. Why she pregnant? Did she announce it? She Yeah, She announced it.


She, the state of America can't really afford to take a month off from work. It ain't just women no more. It is fucked up outside out there. Yeah. I'm tired nigga. You better go to better go to work now. Oh. Shit. Yeah. Don't ask that question. What question did she announce who she's pregnant by? That's what you was asking nigga. No, no, no. Oh, did she announce her pregnancy? No, she announced her pregnancy. But when she announced it, she also announced it the day she announced a divorce. Yes. Okay. So she says New beginnings create closed doors. So that doesn't mean it's that person's child. It could have been an I'm just saying we don't know the best. So right into it. Look, Dam, I'm asking a question.


Shit. No, no. I'm Asking a nigga. Boy We got him. Congratulations. Right to my track. Congratulations. Hold on. I. gotta ask a question if I'm having a, we know. Hold on. I'm asking a Rondo question right now. Rondo question. I tell you guys, I just, I just got divorced yesterday. Right? Well filed. No, I filed divorce yesterday and then I say, oh yeah, I also have a child on the way. Do y'all naturally assume that the person I have a child with the person I'm divorced. Divorced. I'm just, I Is that not dumb? Yes. Really cool. Yes. I Whoa. Oh, oh. Nobody's with you nigga. The only reason is because you know, their relationship is played out in front of all of us. I don watch their relationship to know that. That's why I was like, I Don't know. It's always on the blog. Okay.


I, and so, and this isn't the first time that she's filed for, I'm Just asking I don. don don't say on, that's he just asking. We're having a child but we're getting divorced and we're gonna be a family. But the last time that she filed for divorce, she, she ended up popped out pregnant and she ended up with her son So. I didn't know that. But see now, no, that's why I'm asking I don and I tried to stay outta female business. I'm just asking. And she also went, went out of her way to say that they are still best friends. Good. you know I didn't So I don't know. It's not acrimonious. I Didn't know that. I just saying in the history of our world, no one has announced a divorce and a baby at the same day. And if they do, I think people ask who I'm I swear bro. I love Carter. I'm just asking 'cause she didn't say we used Wanna get her ass Offset baby. Keep a baby. Oh, she threatened people. Shut up. What the fuck? I don't know. Damn. Asking. Got keep my ass ass the question.


Yeah. Oh. Shit. Okay, now I'm learning. Now I see where everybody, I'm just asking like shit. Okay. Absolute. Yep. Congratulations. Yeah, Congratulations. I love Cardi. She's from the Bronx. I really do. By the way, she's incredible to me. She is. We all do. All right. Amazing. Yes. Shouts to Cardi With everything, everybody involved. Congratulations again. Kanye. Absolutely. You love you. Shout out to Offset from Atlanta. Let's go. Oh yeah. Shout 'em out. Yeah. Also over the last couple days, a couple of Kanye and HOV records leaked. That's True. They were records from, I think one was from graduation and one was from the Watch the Throne era.


Did y'all get a chance To hear these records nigga? Oh O is better than new. Y'all what? I'll tell you that much buddy. Buddy did It times Oh. Shit. I already know. You already know. Shit. I hit save so fast. You ain't the only one Are. you shitting me once I heard it wasn't no bullshit and they was like, man, hold up man. Yeah, no that's not it. One of 'em is called building and that was from the grad. That was a leftover from graduation. Okay. Nah, they robbed us. And you don't want us to get leak songs. Word You don't want us to yacht. come on Big Yachty.


Nigga. If this came, if this was on graduation, I would've graduated. It Is about to be on my graduation. I would've graduated. I add this to the bid anyway. Nah, I many crush the building since after that clap. I'm so that Clap Never failed. Not stop. See the places 76 You can call Joe Biden On smoke in Smoke in the air. Like yeah nigga Smell, dyslexic. You think the luggage says B, keep all my girls and everything but Al.


I don't mean the magazine. Let's start with Chanel, Luella, barley, Stella, McCartney, keep mommy. KI double L and Versace Mr. Nobody. Nobody was sign had to go million crazy for lightweight failing them now come through heavy and I'm crushing the buildings. I had some bills that I wasn't prepared for. Hey Me too. Wasn't even slow In lines. The Air Force now trying to find some air force there for and wait to the air warm because right now I'm going through Flourish. So I moved to new work for some New Jersey out to north. First time in New York was started to snow and I couldn't catch a cab. So. I caught a Cold boom, boom, boom.


As a caught a Glimpse of my future, I got that feeling knowing one day I'm going crush these feeling just trying to eat dog. Trying to stay fresh. Nag at meals and I'm trying to eat less, you know, different from me. Yeah. Mommy y see you G on the treadmill bumping 50. Oh I get it. You trying to lose that gig G ut. 'cause this summer you gonna brush the building and next time they play this you going touch the ceiling. I spit all You can doodle. I blew You. can Biden That. Hard. Hard. I missed one. Yeah. And I was gonna say Joe Otis, I think Otis is up there.


When you gonna make it? Mm. That wasn't really. Nah and yeah, yeah, Yeah. Otis Not bad at that. Yeah, No. Mad at that. Super mad at that. OTI is not in the same ballpark as we gonna make it. Shit. It ain't I don know man. That might Ain say I got five passports never going Jail. Nobody that watched the Throne album than They just walked. Never going to hell Was, You know, you know. I know you know it. 'cause your memory's good and you a hip hop head. We gonna make It is 17 years plus now of being played by shit Washington. It's More than that. It's only still Washington. It's only about 1213 or something now.


Yeah. No, but but but I think, Oh yeah. So it's more than that for we gonna make it. Yeah we Gonna make It's 20, it's 20 ish. 20. Come on man. 20 plus 23. I'm not ready to put Otis with Brooklyn's Finest. And we gonna make, I'm not, I'm not Otis. I think it made, I can Take that by the way. I can take that. Get there. We gotta see our ages. Lemme see another 10 years. How that sounds You Talking about All, are you talking about just records? The records or the impact? Like how kind Of both affect both. Oh, okay. Both. Both. you know. Yeah. I'm not putting nothing Because Otis did not have the impact that we gonna make. It had like long term. But they, they killed that shit though. They absolutely got Watch the Thrones. One of my favorite, favorite albums period It is I know Ice Gets mad at me. Oh get Mad at you. You entitled Ugly Watch The Throne is one of my favorite albums.


It is one of the best albums released last decade. It is? Yeah. Okay. It's on the list somewhere but it's not the top of the list for Me. You're not a fan Ice. Nah, I watch The Throne has a couple, that whole list there is a top list songs on it. But as an overall album, no. Can I ask you a question? I don't have that at all. She and I, every time people bring it up, I ask like what to go to Off of that You. if you had to rake it in Jay's catalog Towards the bottom really in his catalog. Absolutely. He has too much heat up there at the top of the catalog. My albums It is the Album. I'm only talking albums. He has way too much heat for me to put Watch The Throne anywhere near the top of Watch The Throne. It is better than Kingdom come. Yep. It's in the middle of both of their discoveries for me. Discographies, Wait what? Say it Be a Man. Pull your dick from between your legs and say it like a man It is better than American.


It sounds like Lost Ones a little bit by The way. Hold up. Silence. I wholeheartedly disagree with you that Watch The Throne is better than Kingdom come. I think people gave, I say all the time Kingdom Come is a great Hove album. I know you too. But It came after Black album. It came after the retirement. It was the comeback album so it didn't, it was held to a bar that it could never meet and it Was Dre and and Hove. So it was held to expectations. High expectations were too high for the album. So, well Ham is A whole lot bigger than, show me what you got Again. Back to what I said. Watch the Throne. Can You acknow acknowledge You acknowledge that part? I do. Yes. Okay, now go ahead. Back to what I said, watch The Throne has a couple great songs on it. But I talking about Got Handful Life in my lifetime. Volume one, volume three.


You think you really think volume three and Volume One better? The One is a top five whole project to me. Same. Easily. Mm. Watch The Throne is better than Kingdom. Come watch The Throne is better than Magna Carter. Everything's Better than Magna Carter Mag is better than Blue Two I gotta watch the throne better than Magna Carter. I have watched the throne better than Four. Four Four. The throne better than Blueprint Three. Do that. Don't do that part please. I forgot. That's Probably where it stops for me. I don't hate Blueprint three Unless I Start throwing Blueprint three to me is in Jay's top three albums. Unless I start throwing Collision course and all that in there. You do drugs? No, no. Blueprint three. Which kind? Yes. We just had this augmented car. We was arguing out Play Blueprint three from beginning. Not only are you got the minor minority report and you know a couple of records.


The reminder that's like, lemme go look. I like that album. What I'm talking about. It starts with it start, first of all it got death of Autotune. It Got, it got Empire State of Mind. Great. It got what we talking about. He got the, him and Jeezy as real as it gets. He got onto the next one. He got the record with him and Pharrell. Nigga, anytime I'm in New York and I'm riding down the West Side Highway, don don't give a fuck what the weather is. I roll the windows down and I'm looking at it. I see the argument that he's trying to make. I just disagree. But what we talking about, thank you. You de Auto Tune Run this town. Empire State of Mind is a tough five. Yeah, That's Come on. But then you got the second Half of the album to me is where Played the game Now.


A nigga But. yeah. Stop. Catch That. Stop that. I'm off that. Yeah, I'm I'm off that Million. I'm mad at this. Not all the way mad at this. Go to the next one. The next one is one of my favorite songs. So. I. Don't wanna play it 'cause the world didn't receive it that way. Wait, you ain't talking about being A pc. Absolutely. He, he smoked this record. Get it in. Yeah. Nah. Yeah that one can Go That be in the movie Morning.


He supposed to Nusa Sir My hustle. So Russell, that record, that record Might have worked but I didn't fuck with it. College drop that be feel College Drop Pin versus Permanently tattoo Just on gp. I don't listen to that on gp. I'm not listening to Reminder listening. Best Win. The only thing I did with speaking class, I teach Sassy. I ain't gonna lie. Blue Blueprint, Blueprint three is better than I remember it. It's Not a bad album. I remember liking that album. It's better than I remember it. It's just Not end time. Kind of corny but cheesy. Cheesy. Yeah. We knew who was trying to do. Yeah, It Didn't hit the spot. No. Nah. Not quite.


Alright. I'm not so mad at it. I still love Watch The Throne. What else? What else? Anything else in music? Anything else in music outside of Killer? Mike dropping Great album By the way. What sounds like another classic. Yeah, Shout out to Killer Mike. I'm always Listen to Again. He redid one of the songs from the, the Michael. I don't know the Names of anything because I Was, he redid What was the last of the, the last album it was called. That's how one was Michael. I know I'm Oh you meant the song Something for the Junkies. He re kind ofid it a little bit and it's now, what the hell was it called? Slumber for the Junkies. And it's like a 10 minute fucking choir. Yo. I was just about to say that. That song that's 10 minutes and 18 seconds. Crazy Chef's Kiss Crazy Chef's Kiss.


Finally people that can rap, not caring about your stream and song structure and just going with 10 minute 18. I went to that one kind of, kind of early. I I did. Yeah. You you see 10 Minute You gonna Run Right to I'm going to that one he delivered. Shout to Killer Mike. Killer Mike will be on our Patreon Patreon episode along with Ray Daniels on Monday. But Killer Mike, listen man, I told him if I, if I did the clean sweep at the Grammys, I might have took some more time off. He said fuck that. I'm too hungry. So I. It says, oh, you know, courage started about Killer Mike and where he is like this Word Salute. I feel funny even calling him Killer Mike now Michael. Yeah, Michael. Yeah. No it's true. Great album.


If you haven't heard it, go check it out. I bought it Nice and early Michael and the Mighty Midnight Revival songs for Sinners and Saints. Great follow Up. Incredible Title. Yeah man, friend of the show Go him. But other than that slow week for music. Pretty slow. Yeah. Slow Week for music. I didn't see anything else. Khalid Khalid dropped. Other than that, I don't really know who else dropped the St. John record dropped. Humble. I might play for Sleeper. Might not. Okay, I'll give him a little bit now. Fuck it. I love St. John. Just a few pause ago. I was asking where he is. He's been quiet. Yeah. Yeah, he's been quiet. And Summers are better with him.


He gonna get all the white pill popping. Bitches to shake ass. But slow week for music. St. John. Incredible bro. Nah, he's amazing. He Really killed it man. He played me his album. He is incredible, bro. The new one. Yeah. Like he incredible. Oh man, I can't wait. Like He played me like 30 songs back to back. Like the whole song, you know. you know what album? Incredible When. you play it from 1 0 1 until the shit fades away. Like it wasn't no cutting shit short.


It's incredible. Not only that man as great of a musician as he is, even greater person. Super man. And he got me Really high in edibles last time he was on the pod Boots. Saint John is the man I love. So. I Love When. you Eskimo brothers just fly When. you Eskimo brothers. It is cool like You. all right, I. gotta see why she did that. Right. I'm off, I'm bugging. I'm sorry. Your man also dropped asap. Rocky dropped a single called Hijack and you know, it was, they were saying that he was gonna be taking shots. Hates that dude. I hates, I hate the blogs. I, I absolutely Thirst thirsty And reaching. I love the blogs, but I hate the blogs because I, I ran to listen to the record just to hear, you know, all of the, oh, he's gonna be this dude.


And they picked out some lines. This is super seem pretty general super rich. Why? Why your nigga flexing like he me. He ain't like that. Don't compare that pussy boy to me. I don't like that. Before we drop Preso, you ain't even like, RAF, these niggas want my wife bad. The people want my next track and they're saying this is him distant dude. I love that response from ASAP Rocky. I love that as an ASAP Rocky address. It's still very much in general vague and could apply too many. The blogs just be thirsty and chasing sometimes even if he's talking to Drake. I love the way that he did that. And y'all are extra. Y'all are extra. The Extra the the thirstiness in the blogs can just, I, I don't even know how to say Annoying.


I was excited and I was excited. I ain't gonna lie, I was excited. ASAP sounded good. I was excited to hear ASAP Rocky rapping and sounding good. Much better than I thought he would sound just on some, I'm with Rihanna now and I gotta put a project out. He sounds good. He sounds rejuvenated. He sounds like he cares. I like that. Good. I like Rocky Man. I do too. Yeah. I'm glad I I'm glad I tucked away my ASAP Rocky beef. That's good. Right in time for some good music. Good. come on, clap it off for growth. Let's Celebrate It. Clap it up for growth. Still. That fight story was wild that you told about you in jail. Slip it on the cup. Yeah. Yeah. That was a little nuts. I'd kept that to myself. But whatever.


Anything else in music? Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Where's my list? Oh, we ain't even get the meg twerking for the dims. Was it twerking? Really? It was just dancing twerk. That's, I hired Mel for this. I'm shut. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. People Already think I can't give an objective Meg take. So I'd like to rely on the cast for this one. We let a woman fold from fold. What's wrong with Meg twerking for the Dems? Yeah. They had Hulk Hogan ripping his shirt off for I pubs. What's the problem? I don. Dunno what the problem is. I'm actually On her side in this one. Yeah, You knew you're hiring Meg. You kind of know what you're getting.


You do. you know her catalog of music. you know what she's gonna get up there and sing. you know how she dances to that music. What's, where's, where's the shock and awe here? And not just that you know what, who she's bringing exactly. Like this is marketing. That's all this is. Yes. So we need to say, all right, let's hit this demo. So let's go get somebody that resonates with that demo so that they pay Attention, they pander. Why is everybody fucking shocked? What's, it's fake outrage. It's fucking stupid. Because the Democratic party thinks naturally, feels like they're more intelligent than most. That's why we, it's hard to get to the top because we judge each other and everything is so critical. Meanwhile, the Republicans don't give a fuck what you do clearly rip his show open and say the N word.


They'd be like, we still vote for him. you know, like it's just different. It's just different worlds. So the Dems gotta stop being so critical on themselves if they want to really like impact. That's what I would say. I, and the only thing I would say is that I love that she did Megan. I just wish that an artist from Atlanta was performing too. Just as an Atlanta guy. That's it. Well Quavo was There. I know, but I, I performing. I was, I like, like I think Lata would've been a good choice for Atlanta. you know what I'm saying? Like telling those people in Atlanta go vote rather than someone from Houston. They should have did that in Houston. But it might've been scheduling. That's my only thing. But you gotta stop pandering to people man. Or be okay with it. Motherfuckers gonna have something to say on the Democratic party no matter what you do. So I'm with you on the pandering tip.


As, as much as I fuck with Kamala, I'm tired of the sayings. I'm tired of the cliches I'm tired of. Or as my brother Quavo would say, walk it like I talk it. But I mean come on. They've been doing This shit every election for the last how many years? come on. come on Dems. come on Dems. Like this ain't new. This is the script Every election. The last It Is the last Democrat that did it. Right? Was Obama. He wasn't, it wasn't, no, none of that. It was just giving good speeches, telling people who he was. They threw A little, couple whole bars time towards the end When he knew he was gonna win. Yeah.


And had enough charm to pull it off. That's what said He charm Obama was That's the Problem. That's the Personalities. There you go. We've seen because 'cause the presidency is not about what Just said. We've seen Obama was charming. We Ain't seen shorty since we did it Joe. We have not seen her. So now we don't have any charisma or anything to go on. So yeah, we gonna start going to get celebrities and pandering and doing all of this type of shit. 'cause Obama was a celebrity. You can. Exactly. That's a good way of putting it. Exactly. He was A celebrity. He was a celebrity and he was himself. Yep. He knew how to go up there. And he had you glued. I wasn't watching presidential speeches or nothing when he talked. I'm listening When he said, boo don't boo vote. Like he just always had an answer. An anecdote that can make the people that Was a smooth brother boy.


Hell yeah. Did y'all see Trump at the I did National Association of Black Journalists. He was un Bullshit boy From Minute one. When I down. I heard about It is Bullshit. Oh no. Lemme turn this off. 'cause that's the 34 minutes that I timestamped here. Here's Oh Shit. I timestamped it twice. Here's a shorter one. It Is not working. I wanna start by addressing the elephant in the room. Sir. A lot of people did not think it was appropriate for you to be here today. You have pushed false claims about some Before I continue with this clip. Ain't this the same group of people that was kicking my back in for fucking interviewing certain people?


Yes. It is, It is. Yep. Why Did they do that? Who did they kick your back in for interviewing? Cece. Candace. Candace. Okay. By the way, I love that Candace interview. I would love To hear them. I love it too. We have, we she we have to have more conversations. I thought We needed that, that that discourse. I wanted to, we have to. I wanted to meet the lady and hear her train of thought on certain things and they kicked. Kicked my, yeah, so It is making it an enemy. 'cause she the, like they said, she the enemy. The only time they acknowledge me being a fucking successful black-owned business is when they want to kick my back in and then they turn around and have Trump on. Well if you, they're getting their back kicked in for even having him on the, on their platform.


See but in turn they received A lot. In turn. I too. I'm glad that they had 'em on theirs. You Too. I can see, I can see a reason for both. For both sides. I'll let it play. But. Yeah. Of your rivals from Nikki Haley to former president Barack Obama saying that they were not born in the United States. Which is not true. You have told four congresswoman women of color who were American citizens to go back to where they came from. You have used words like animal and rabbit to describe black District attorneys. First question You attacked black journalists Calling. She had it out for questions. I like that. That they asked. I like hearing some of that stupid And racist. No white supremacist at your mar Resort resort. He was smoking her boots though. So My question Sir don, Don't think So I think you look Cool now that you are asking black supporters to vote for you.


Why should black voters trust you after you have used language like that? Well first of all, I don't think I've ever been asked a question So I in such a horrible manner. The first question, you don't even say Hello, how are you? Are you with A, B, C? Because I think they're a fake news network. He got all those jump shit off When. I do that. And I think it's disgraceful that I came here in good spirit Derail. I'm not a answering none of your good questions. I love The population of this country. I've done so much for the black population of this country, including employment, including opportunity zones with Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, which is one of the greatest programs ever for black workers.


He's totally ignored her question. Entrepreneurs, I've done so much and you know, When, I say this historically, black colleges and universities were out of money. They were stone cold broke and I saved them and I gave them long-term financing and nobody else was doing it. Now I answered your question with some, with some net positives. I don know Exactly why you would do something like that. And let me go a step further And shut up. I was invited here and I was told my opponent, whether it was Biden or Kamala, I was told my Opponent was, and this might be a lie, but it sounds great. It turned out my opponent isn't here. You invited me under false Pretest. Lemme tell you why I'm here. And Then you said you can't do it with Zoom.


Well, you know, where's Zoom? She's gonna do it with Zoom and she's not coming. And then you are half an hour late. Just So I Understand, lemme tell you about you now. Respect for you To be late. Well, hot ass Equipment working or something Mr. President, I would love if You can answer the question. I it's a very nasty rhetoric. And why I have answered the question Trust with another four years, I have been the best president for the black population since Abraham Lincoln. That is my answer. President Johnson, For you to start off a question and answer period. Especially When, you are 35 minutes late because you couldn't get your equipment to work in such a hostile manner. I think it's a a disgrace. I really Let me dog I gotta Go. What The, he was Bugging out.


I'd like to hear from parts. Go ahead. Get your shit though. Tell, tell me why you feel like Well, I feel that she didn't, he didn't do the greatest. Yeah. I think that going up there and attacking the people that are interviewing you, She attacked them first. How is that an attack that she's a journalist? She asked, maybe it wasn't even a hardball question. She basically stated facts within her questioning. No ma'am. She came out to get with a very hard question. Listen, it was an attack. Only had 30 minutes to interview. I'll be honest with you, that was the most gangster thing I've ever seen a politician do. To go into a room of people who you know is gonna attack you, who you know, like anytime you say I'm good, what you like for him to still go there and stand on his business is what I respect.


Because let's be clear guys. See this the problem, I'm sorry, I gotta say this. If that was Kamala being interviewed by somebody from Fox News and he led in the same way everybody had been like, they racist, they this, they this, they this. Yeah. It's so if like, if it, like my mom had a famous saying, if it's good for the goose, good for the gander. If they, if they're gonna, if we are gonna do it, then we can't get mad if they do it. It's just that most politicians would've been like, first of all, let me explain myself, Hey, don't come at me like that. I just sat down. I ain't my mama. You ask me motherfucking questions like, like motherfucker, if you don't want me here, tell me you don't want me here. Okay. And that's what he, he felt that he knew they didn't want him there. He knew they didn't like him. And he still answered. And to be honest with you, like he's changed the world. Trump, Trump has changed the world.


He's made the presidency more about celebrity than It is about policy and everything else. So now we have to love the person. Now we have to laugh. Like Trump has done a lot for especially the opportunity zone. He's done. He's, he's changed laws for that. Like he's changed a lot of things. So how many niggas could, would have the balls, the sit in room, a white man sit in a room full of black women in this environment and be like, I did more for y'all than anybody else's. Enabling like to me that was balls. And I think that's what makes his base like him because his base likes the fact that he's unafraid to say what needs to be said, not be politically Correct. See, lemme jump in. You saying that's what makes his base like him. The scary part of this for me is that's what makes our base like him.


Exactly. The gangster shit. It is that ballsy shit that you talking about. Niggas don't have to know nothing about the policies, but I just went to jail. I'm now in a room full of my ops handling them with nothing that's important. Okay. If they boo me or not. Boo me if you want. I still done more for y All. It's the fact that I'm here. So, yeah. And all the reports that I've seen after this was like, number one, why did y'all invite him if y'all wasn't prepared enough? Y'all didn't seem prepared enough to make him look like you wanted him to look like he came out kind of unscathed. And he got a whole bunch of his talking points off and didn't really give answers to none of that shit y'all was looking for. He went in there and had his way with people and I hope that they prepare a little better in the future for when he accepted Kamala Kamala fucking debate.


Yeah, I'll be there. Yeah. What they, I added suspense to it. I don't understand what they haven't learned about him. Hold on ce, I'm sorry. No, go ahead. I'm sorry. That's The real, Some of your own supporters, including Republicans on Capitol Hill have, And to the point about this young lady sassiness, I'm, I'm not sure her name right now, just 'cause I'm, I believe it's Rachel Scott. Pardon Me? I think it's Rachel Scott. Rachel Scott. Rachel Scott. I think that's who she's talking. I can't see the difference between, and I watched all 34 minutes of this, the difference between her style of questioning versus the lady that spoke right after her on most instances. The woman all the way to the Yeah. The other side. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. She was actually a Fox News correspondent. Mm, Yeah. But she got to the shits with him in a more cordial type manner.


And she said that, Hey, I, we've met before I've traveled with you So, I kind of know some of them, however. Yes, yes. Yada yada, yada y yada yada. Versus, so that's why they had her on the platform was because she was from Fox News. So they felt like there would be it, it would be, she would be more disarming to him because she's a familiar face from a network that loves him. you know, she shoulda sat him next to her. Yeah. Honestly, the seat placement was terrible because they should have had her closer and then he might not have He smoked that part too. You, I can't hear so much. You're so far away. This young lady that they sat right here. Unfortunately, I keep hearing every word that she has to say and I'm trying not to like, just in how he was dismissive of Shit.


I guess. you know what It is? I think that people are still looking for their politicians to have some level of decorum and he has none. you know what I'm saying? I agree. So we're sitting here and we're talking about the, the charismatic, you know, superstar that Obama was and we loved that about him. Sure. Trump is the antithesis of Obama. And You can see that When, you, you know, when they, when they pair, when they, your phone's ring, when they had the two where Obama was announcing that, you know who os what was his name? Osama Bin Laden had been murdered. Oh yeah. And so he's talking about it and he's all diplomatic and he's using all these really big words and Trump was like, yeah, we shot the motherfucker, killed him like a dog and blah, blah blah.


So it's, it's interesting that we view these two people and like them for the exact opposite reason. Listen, but, but my thing, my thing about It is Not we like, but With Trump, they entertain us Are entertained by the two very different Reasons. That's the, we're entertain With Trump. I don't understand how with his whole previous presidency watching him speak, how do you not know his style is to come in and command the And dis disrupt and disrupt Interview. Yeah. Like, so you gotta be prepared for that. Like, it seems like, like in this interview here, they were not prepared. They, you Trump is not a person. That is going to answer Questions, Answer your question.


So you gotta be prepared for him to basically hijack your interview and go off the rails and get his talking points out. Fuck what you asking? Yeah. So I don don't understand. It looks like people just don't expect that. Like they don't know that that's coming. So Several things happened prior to the, the panel discussion. Get in the Bag. Mel Lamont. I was just about to say Mel came in, right? Well, I mean, so there was the delay that he mentions, he talks about them being late, but part of the reason why they were late, they said something about there being audio issues. But the main reason for them being late is him and his campaign manager. They were like, we do not want you fact checking him in real time. And this was a sticking point for the journalists and for the, you know, for the head of the n na BJs or bj.


Yeah. Think I bj She allergic, she allergic to bj, she allergic to bj Don acronyms. Listen, don't that turn, don't put that on you. She got, she got pneumonia. Now Don't put that on me. Anyways. It is bj. So that was one of the delays was the whole fact checking thing. He didn't wanna be fact checked in real time. And then also it was like a sticking point to the point where the president walked on the stage prepared to give a statement that he wasn't going to participate in the, you know, discussion. And then he walks on the stage. So he kind of, he kind of does this to kind of like disarm people and disorient them and stuff like that. So why not play his game? Right? That's my thing.


If we know this is what he's doing, cool. We not gonna fact check you in real time. But guess what happens, When? you sit down in the camera live fact, Check his ass. Fact check the shit out. You now what? We live. What's up? Yeah. I think that you have To play that game with him 'cause that's what he's gonna do. Right? He's gonna give you a list of shit not to do, not to do. You're gonna try to stick to the script being professional and he's gonna derail that shit first chance he gets. So This was to throw you off. So this was the National Association of Black Journalist Convention and they have invited him before and he's refused every single time. Okay. So part of the speculation is that he agreed to do this in order to deflect all of the negative attention that he was getting from his refusal to debate. Debate Kamala. Exactly. So he came on the stage and Practice.


Yeah, that's Like When I shoot at That's I thought like that. It's like When I shoot some nigga that don't matter. Yep. Hey, I'm just sharpening my sword, brother. Yep. You don't matter. I'm just getting ready for the next one that I swear I thought that I was like this feel like he's just getting ready for practice. Kamala. Yeah. That's It. So I mean this. I don't think that they were going to come out of this the way that they'd hoped. Yeah. Simply just because he has a very specific, you know, style, style and strategy of attack. Exactly. It's word salad. It doesn't make a whole lot of sense. It's accusatory. He throws out a lot of like, you know, barbs and it's just like, you just, you can't really hit him with just like a clear line of questioning because he is not gonna answer it.


So in knowing, so That Is funny. Play that. Yeah Man. I I, and I thought to myself, I said if, if they were smart, how they would've had, first of all what you just said, this, they could've got way more, they just would've when he come, got on stage, walked away. Trump doesn't want me to fact check them. So, I don't want to interview him. She would've been a superhero That she would've Been a super, it's so many, but it's like, it's the desire. It's like, it's like getting in the ring. I wanna get in the ring with him. Yeah. Gotcha. And I wanna show, and It is like, bro, you cannot beat him. Get in the ring with him that way. So, and I think that, and I honestly think just historically speaking, I think that he was afraid of Kamala because in no terms should a man, like the one thing that we all protect from history is our women.


Right. And nothing is more damaging than him sitting up there against a black woman talking down to her. And I think that that would've been more effective for the audience than her trying to talk back up to him and then let him say, well shit, you hit me first so I'm gonna hit you back. Right. I just think, I just think that there was no strategy. It was just he's don don't like him, he's full of shit now let's talk and you gotta have strategy When, you talk to a guy like him. Exactly. Because you gotta disarm him first, then attack. Yep. And then can't even feel like an attack. It gotta feel like a curiosity question. And now he's answering it. But he thought he saw you as a friend. Yep. As soon as you open your mouth, the first five words, he knew you was an adversary. So he knew at that very moment attack. And he's, that's Prepared for that. And you know why I, 'cause that's what his heart were wanting to do. Yes. Don't let him talk to you like that.


Boom, boom. And he did it and that's why she lost you Got it It is just, it's just an art of war in my mind. And he just prepared for it in a different way. Yeah. So you Had another clip at the, at 34 minutes you were supposed to play. I got a bunch of clips. I just don't wanna bleed us with it. Okay. I wanted to hit a clip that I wanted hit especially clip. Well there's one of the clips that he can play is when he talks about Kamala and he talks about the fact that, so some of your Black elite supporters, including Republicans on Capitol Hill have labeled Vice president Kamala Harris. You know, there's ll how I did that while you was talking without Fire. That fire. Ew. You are, you are the goat. Oh, she playing with, I'm not being sarcastic and I give you a she playing company.


You know, she be doing that shit to me. That's fine. Who was the first black and Asian American woman to serve as vice president and be on a major party ticket as a DEI hire. Is that acceptable Language gracious Is crazy. And will you tell those Republicans and those supporters to stop it? How do you, how do you define DEI, go ahead. How do you define Diversity? Equity, inclusion. Okay. Yeah, go ahead. Is that what your definition That is? That That Is literal words? Gimme a definit definition then would you gimme a definition of that? Gimme a definition of, Sir, I'm asking you a question, A very direct question. No, define define the, define it for me if you Would. I just defined it. Sir. Do you believe that Vice President Kamala Harris is only on the ticket because she has a black woman? Well, I can say no. I think it's maybe a little bit different.


So I've known her a long time indirectly, Not indirectly, directly very much. It is Crazy. And she was always of Indian heritage, new Joe Biden. She was only promoting Indian heritage. I didn't know she was black until another years ago when she happened to turn black. And now she known as black So I. Don't know. Is she Indian or is she black? She always side as a black college. I respect either one, but she obviously doesn't. She was Indian. Reversed. Reversed. And then all of a sudden she made a turn and she went, she became a black person. Just to be clear sir, do you believe That she is a, I think somebody should look into that too. When, you ask what to continue in a very hostile, nasty tone.


It's a direct question, sir, do you believe that Vice President Kamala Harris is a DEI hire as some public Say. I really don't. I mean, I really don't know. Could be, could be. There are some And there Some of your Ladies and gentlemen of my distinguished panel, what do you think of the implication that President Kamala, I mean fucking vice president Kamala Harris has some Tyler in her Has the one Of her Tyler. Okay. Tyler's that other one that keeps saying It is black. I don't think that she's ever denied her multi-ethnic background. She never has.


I don't understand. Like Tyler, she went to Howard. you know what I mean? Like she, Yo I'm tired of hearing the HBCU line. I am. I don't want to hear that no more. Did you see her? I don't want to hear that line. I'm just telling you. Not not, I don't wanna seem like I'm barking at you. I'm not, I don't want to hear that. She has to be black. She went to A-H-B-C-U line ever. Again, I'm tied to that line already in this campaign. I am. Okay. Why? Because don't, 'cause going to A-H-B-C-U does not mean you're black. Can non-blacks go to an HBCU? Yes. So the end, like it's not a Joe button thing. I'm just sick of that line. Okay. As a, as a way of defining, okay, fine. So you don't think that him questioning her blackness is racist in and of itself?


I think it was Because he did the same thing with Barack Obama and the whole birtherism, you know, controversy talking about how he's not even from this country, he's Kenyan, et cetera, et cetera. So, no, Go ahead. You can talk Joe, go ahead. Oh, You can, we can hear that. I know. I'm, I'm trash. Here we go. I Got it, I Got it, I Got it, I Got it, I Got it. California's Kamala Harris is the first Indian American US senator. And California as Attorney General Kamala Harris has corrupted history as she won the US Senate seed from the state becoming the first Indian American to achieve this Fee. Do you hear who's reporting that though? Become The first Indian senator in US history, which would be quite an accomplishment.


Not good I don. Okay. I I, I just want, honestly, Joe, I'm glad you played that because what if you read between the lines of what he's saying, he's saying, I didn't know she was black. I met her as an Indian woman. Which means that, think about it from the standpoint of when somebody's asking you to donate money, yo she's an Indian American woman. It is just, it's just the way it's introduced to you or whatever. Somebody can say, Hey, she's a a video victim. Somebody could say she's act It is what they want to introduce you as. And I think what he was saying was, I didn't know she was black. Now mind you, the the thing that anytime white people talk about race, it comes off very racist. I don't care how works It is just, it just sounds racist. Right? It's Because a lot of times it's racist. I'm saying, but it just sounds racist.


It is like, whether it's their tone, whatever It is. But I didn't think it was racist. I actually thought it was funny because it was kind of like, I didn't even know. And it was like, damn. Like, 'cause thing about It is we, are we black on this side? Right? You with us too, but I'm saying which, Which side? On this side, aren't we black on here? Yeah. Everybody here black. you know, I'm half You Got it. My point is this, is that I was gonna Lean into Black people in America as black people in America. Don't we always wonder how does the other side talk when we're not around? Right. And Murphy has a famous skit where he was like, I dressed up as a black white man for the day to white black People. That was one the greatest skit ski ever on snl. Well, You can say that ever. Oh No, I'm, I'm saying, I'm saying as a, as an African American man in America, I always wonder how the other side talks when we're not around.


He just showed us. I didn't know she was black. They told me she was Indian. I cheat. And then he said the, the, the she, he's a comedian bro. He just knows how to, he just knows how to, he's A racist comedian. That's why it's like kind of funny. It's kind Of, it's kind. It's it's funny but it's not, it's not funny. But it's like he, he just knows how to hit you on the mark where It is like, I didn't know she was black. I Didn't. So what's interesting is, right be, you know, we were talking about privilege. Yeah. And you were talking about part of his privilege of the fact, the fact that he is an older white man. Rich male. Rich male. Exactly. So why can't this be seen as Kamala taking advantage of her privilege of being multi-ethnic? It's, and she's leaning into that to say that I identify with black people because That is, I grew up here, blah, blah, blah. But I also am part Indian.


I identify with black people, but I didn't know the end of God is good. Are you, are you, I'm asking, are you taking shots at Me? No, I'm asking. I'm, it's not you. You didn't either, but it's not about you right now. I'm talking about Kamala. She didn't know I had fight with black people. Well, yeah, that's the famous breakfast club clip. Wasn't Not Candace. Was that Candace? That was Candace. Oh, then I'm wrong. Yeah, that, that was Candace. Go ahead. Well you didn't, I'm shooting at you now. Okay. But so we were just talking about privilege. So why is he allowed to lean into his privilege? you know, as it relates to, you know, how he talks to his base, understanding that That is what they love about him. Why can't she lean into her privilege? She can. And so No, no, she can, but the only person that wants to take your privilege away is your opponent.


That's all he did. He disarmed her privilege at that moment. I know she was black. I met as a white, like an Indian woman. That's what, it's the same way she could say certain things about, I didn't know he was a billionaire. Heard he was in, had bankruptcies that she could do the same thing. She's just not playing the way he's playing. That's what he keeps saying. If you're gonna go into the ring with him, You can make sense all day. We, we've we've noticed seen that his space doesn't care if he makes sense. Sure don't. Yeah. So why you trying to make sense? And that's the problem. That's really the problem. They keep going in there trying to, looking for the gotcha moment. So I could beat him in a debate. He's Not debating you. So I know. So what they, so here's the thing is this was not like a Republican Democrat thing. These were journalists who are like party, party is, is, is not, there's nothing they're up there to, that's Bipartisanship.


Yeah. Okay. It has nothing to do with that. Has everything to do with the integrity of being a journalist. Can I ask you a question and Yeah. Her opening question, was it bipartisan? N no, I think it was really direct and she Adversarial To em. It was definitely adversarial. But it was in, it was direct. It was, she was matching his energy to me. She was matching his, he didn't come. No, no. She's matching his, she's matching the energy. She's matching the energy that he has. That he has told that, that we've seen for the last I. don know what, eight years now? Yeah. For more than that actually. Yeah. He Was two years. To me. That's mistake one. Yeah. Okay. That is mistake one because like I said, if you've watched any of his debates, you could try that shit all you want.


It's true. All that direct. And I'm gonna be direct and try to come straight at your juggler. He is not going to respond to that. And if you notice in that second question you played, you gotta pay attention to the words. She says. She makes a statement. Then she says, are you going to go at your party and your p she's trying to pit him against his people at that very moment. Like, are you gonna tell your party that that's wrong. He ain't going, you not answering this. I'm not doing that. Yeah. you know, you trying to get me fucked up right now. Now see you trying to get me fucked up. I'm gonna fuck you up To his point. Not that I'm here to argue his point. What do, what do all of you have to say about the childhood pictures of Kamala that they started pulling up? I'll give y'all my stance first. Didn't So I so that there's no suspense.


I. think that both of y'all parents look nuts. I think 'cause they showed Donald Trump parents too when the Dems got to talking about, hey, you used to be German. Yep. You used to be, Ivy used to be used to claim a whole lot of other sets and they pulled up the picture of him and his parents. Everybody looks nuts with they parents. I probably looked nuts with my parents too. Yep. Like everybody from they childhood Kamala in that Indian garb. Yeah. There's a bunch of those pictures and it looks like, hey, the only thing I got from dad is black. He left the scene early. My mom raised me with no identification to that culture. And I'm using that now. Now I can identify that and still recognize that that don't really have a place in my politics.


Like the president has always been reserved for white men. So for that to even be a talking point today is fascinating to me. I don't care if she's black, not black. I care about the policies and who's doing what. Yeah, That's real. I haven't seen that picture. But the Pictures look funny. Yeah, they do look funny. I mean, I got eyes. Y'all magically haven't seen them. It's fine. Y'all didn't see Tyler's pictures either. It is okay. It's okay. Nobody on Tyler. It's all right. Nope. It's all right. Nope. That's why I get the medium bucks because I, because I see the picture and y'all don't, I mean, I saw her latest cover. That was what I saw. I didn't see any childhood pictures of her. Oh, Tyler, she looked really good on that cover.


I think it was like Vogue or something like that. I don't know. But she looks stunning. Tyler, that's just a sidebar. It's Tyler. Yeah. How old is Tyler? You can't look at her like that. What You can look at Tyler like That? Why not? Because She's too young. Are you crazy? Mm. Are you No. Whatcha talking about I can't compliment a woman and and say she's Stunning. You can't say that. That 22-year-old girl was looking fire on the Cover. I said she's stunning. That's stunning. That's Al sitting in the 4.6 had The light you can't do Down up there. Did you ever think that you would be this rich? Did you ever think That you would've these hits? Man, you can't do That. You guys are masters of deflection. Get off me. I'm sorry.


Getting here. You fell into it. I know, I'm, Yo not to sound ignorant, but I'm just glad This shit is entertaining again. Biden was sucking the life out. Me and I think, and I be, I swear I was thinking myself. They was sucking the life out of me. I think that we, we, they wanted Biden and they, because they wanted anyone but Trump. But then you got him then and he was like the other guy wasn't that bad. And I think that I, 'cause remember it was like two years of them. Like, it was like I, it was, we thought he was gonna be in jail. Think about it. The indictments came down. All it was like they was doing everything. Just knew he Wasn't going to jail. Knew he was Never gonna jail. No, no. I'm saying he would never see a jail. We didn't think he was gonna ever be the pre after that. That that thing that happened January 6th. You thought he was ever gonna see him be president again? Yes. Nah, I didn't. I ain't gonna, I didn't see that coming.


I knew there was gonna, I knew there was gonna be a million, I 100 Did. Didn't see that coming. I didn't see, once He said This shit was rigged, send his people over to Detroit and wherever else it was rigged at was like, I'll be back in four years. Watch this. And then the dim spent or that side spent all their time trying to send him to jail so that he wouldn't be able to do it. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. Like, indictments come down Atlanta. Like, it was like shit. The, like when Hillary was running and they said she had the emails, it was like, once the election was over it was like, all right, cool. She done pizza good. But when this nigga lost it was like, get him still. It was like they really made him Strong. Which Told me they was worried. Which told me, yeah, there's a good chance he'll be back. I didn't, I didn't see, I didn't see him doing a, I still don't see him doing a day in jail.


But the one thing that I do like about this guy, It's a real gangster. Fucked Up. I'm sorry. And I'm not a fan. I hope you guys, I'm not a fan of him either. I'm not. Yeah, I Gotta make that clear. 'cause I'm A You don't say it. You are a fan. I'm not a, I'm not a fan. I laugh at a bunch of niggas I hate all the time. Me too. And not that I hate him, but one thing That is, I don't even remember what I was saying about this guy. One Thing That is you were It is funny. Yep. He's just funny man. He is Entertaining. He's entertaining. don don't necessarily President to be entertaining. I forgot. Okay. So one of the low point points of this particular interview is when they ask him directly about Sonya Massey, they ask him point blank about Sonya Massey.


And the correlation they're making between her is the fact that he's talked about blanket immunity for cops. And they ask for him to basically, Why does that cop deserve blanket Immunity? Exactly. He gave said, Said, I'm not familiar enough with the case. He, I'm not Familiar you talking about that water lady. The the water, the Board of water. Yeah. Yeah. He dont Give a fuck. He doesn't give a fuck. And that shit was so disgusting to watch. You have to agree with that. Got it. But it was gross. I I Remember real, I remember what I was saying. Go ahead. I do not fuck with Trump. But he is one of those people where he's so much of a doof that he might spill the truth that he wasn't supposed to spill by mistake. Facts. I do like that part about him. And then he was like, what?


Like when he got on TV during Covid we're like, It is China. Yep. Yep. It's coming from China. Yep. Whether we believe that or not, I could tell he believed Yeah, this was coming from China and I appreciated that honesty of some shit we wasn't supposed to know when he got up there, I I'm gonna build the wall, close the borders, stop letting him in. I was like, Hey, that's racist. Yep. And then Biden came in and did some other shit and I was like, see what he, I think I see what he was trying to do. Maybe it wasn't racist. I'm on the fence. Sometimes with the racism, sometimes it's blatant. Sometimes it's, You're okay with covert racism.


I'm not okay with Biden giving given all of the rights and the money everywhere else but black people, I'm not okay with that, Bro. They got brand, they got with brand new buildings in the City as a nonpolitical. Dude, I'm not okay with That. The homeless that Live Here cannot Get it. They have rent, they have rent free for some of the migrants that come over here and some of those buildings. Like there's some rights that we don't get as Americans here. We fucked up over here. Niggas is broke, niggas is bankrupt. Yep. And you just gonna keep doing X, y, z you Know mean he does look away. you know why he's gonna keep doing it? Because they know that if anybody that's black says they're not a Democrat or they're not for it, they're gonna be ostracized by the black community. So they already could count on us. That's why Joe should talk to Candace.


That's why we should be open to Trump so we could scare the fuck outta both sides saying we gonna go or who's for us not go or who he is. Because let's be, I'll ask you an honest question. Honest question. Just let's say Kamala wins or, or, or Trump wins. Let's say Trump does more for you, but you feel the same way about him. You benefit more. It is more think programs, everything. Do you still want Kamala because she looks like you? Or do you want the person that's best for you? That's the real Question. Honestly, I want the person that's best for me and they look Alike. He swears of it. Do you think, you think that I'm not gonna hold you. I was go over trying look up her childhood pictures like, and it showed the current one and I was like, Oh Shit. It looks like you in some Indian guard. I'm not gonna Hold you. No, it does.


Okay. Alright. Look, you'll be Kamala in a lifetime movie. I she Would, I would. She Can't wait. Look At she like not Let's go. She worked with Kevin Spacey. I Don't, do You know what you said it, you just keep trying to hem me up. You, You, I was surprised that you said that. Why? I was surprised that you still Work with I fucked. Yeah. My comments were, you know, directly related to the fact that there is a legion of Hollywood actors and producers, et cetera, that are trying to, you know, kind of get him back, get him back into the good graces of the viewing public. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. That was clean. I was more so talking about you and also disregarding some of the things that were in the dock and some of his charges.


Right. He's been acquitted of every single, every single time he is gone to court, he's been acquitted. So You rolling with the justice system and not Victims. I mean we did when we were talking about OJ Simpson and whether or not he should have been included in the admir memoria I got But I'm asking you. It's the same thing. It's the same argument. So you Are rolling with, so that's how you feel the Justice system. Hmm. Sometimes. Sometimes. Sometimes. Anyways. You were asking me a question though. There we go. Trump, there we go. Get outta there. Get outta Question. You asked, You asked it, you said I will, I want the president. That's gonna do the most for me. I do. And I have been on, you know, records saying that Trump, I could really give two shits about. It's the GOP that scares me.


Me too. It's Christian fundamental fascists that scare me. That's who scares me. There's Only one thing I'm scared for Trump. Only the scariest thing for me is 'cause Trump was the first president that showed us how much power president has, like most presidents are like placating, like I gotta get the, the, the, the Congress and I gotta get the Senate to vote. And Trump was like, we ain't doing that. This is what we doing. And mind you, it might not have been real or not. But he always presented himself like the boss. And I'm afraid that he wins in 2024. And when he gets to 2028, he changes laws where he can't win. That's my, that's my really my Only fear. I definitely believe that's part of the plan time. Damn. That's I got, I got enough justice Only fear. Like I got enough justices on the Supreme Court where I can get some shit changed.


But I ain't gonna lie, I think, I think Trump is going like, I think, I think Biden and this Kamala Harris thing is a big like slap in the face to the Democratic party because It is, when Trump was in 2020, it was, they did that shit that they always do. Biden's the only person that could beat him. Everybody get behind Biden and it's like nobody talk about this nigga is a hundred years old, nobody thinking that in four years this nigga gonna be a hundred again. He's 104. Nobody's talking about that. So we force him down, down our, down our throats. Like he's the only one that could beat Trump. And the reality is we only wanted him 'cause he was connected to Obama. He was the most popular. He wasn't the best candidate. He was the most popular. They were Mad at Biden when he didn't run when Trump won. Exactly. They thought exactly. They thought they was like, yo, this is Your fault Joe.


This is your fault. Fault. You should, should Hillary on on the ticket. Yep. Yep. And they would've won. I remember he didn't. So what I'm saying is now you picked them. Now here's their big fuck you. And I also think that a big fuck you, the American 2028 is we're gonna vote for Trump. He's gonna win and he's gonna fuck shit up. And we gonna be like, but you know what? We served ourselves and that's what we get. That's why I asked you that question. 'cause it's a moral thing. 'cause when Trump was in office, I, y'all gotta, you we gotta be honest. Money was flowing. This nigga was changing laws that make the money flow like no other president did before with the capital gains tax and all this stuff he was doing. He made, he made you, that's why all these buildings is going up. 'cause he made you invest. He was like, well you don't have to pay taxes if you put your invest in these things. So he changed it, but we just didn't like him.


And we, and by the way, that's the thing. I feel like the money shouldn't be enough. That's, that's my point. So we liked them because it was much, now it's like now niggas is broke, pandemic is over. Biden is out here giving money to people that we now we focused on where the money going again to Ukraine, nigga to hold on to Now we focused on the dollars now because they're trying to app appeal to everybody. So I think that, I just think that we are in a, in a dangerous place right now. 'cause we're gonna, I think he's gonna win and I think it's gonna be the worst thing that happens to this country long term. But with, but he serves us. He served not us. He serves me. That's why I voted for him. And then, you know, Kamala is, are you vote Trump? No, no, no. I said, that's what I'm saying. That's what people are gonna say. Oh, Got it Got it Got it. Like I just asked, well Melyssa like, do you vote for Kamala?


Who morally feels better or Trump, who works for you? Not Trump. I didn't, I don't wanna trap, you know what you mean. I said the candidate When, I'm in That voting sounds a trumps when I'm in that voting booth with just me, me and no, I'm, I'm listen tell you So I tell you something. I wouldn't say this Toque. Listen nigga, I was in high school my first day in college. I wasn't first day in college. Business 1 0 1 and business 1 0 1 black school teacher tells a whole bunch of black students. He says, listen guys, this is when Bush and Gore was going at it. He said, who's in the class that's register to vote nigga we 18. We like, you know, niggas like I I'm gonna do it whatever this nigga says to a room full of black kids and he's a rich black man. Shit, y'all better figure out, y'all better get out there and vote. 'cause if Bush win, y'all all fucked.


My response in the classroom was, why the fuck am I here then? Why the fuck am I here then if I can't, if, if, if if Bush, I need to be out there campaigning for Gore. Question. Why did he say that If Bush wins, y'all are fucked. We didn't even ask. It was just a black teacher in a room for the black students. And that was the rhetoric. And I'm tired of that shit. I'm tired of making us the victim. I'm tired of saying fuck that dog. We can do our own shit. We, we control the economy. We all these things yet we always looking at them like what they're doing. I don't give a fuck who the president is. I'm gonna get up and do my motherfucking job for me and my family every day. And I think every man and woman in America should do that. And we won't be as invested and hurt when someone says I'm voting for a person that's against me. I agree. Are you motherfucking evil dog? I'm voting.


Why, why? Why can't I just make my choice? By the way, I'm voting for Kamala. I'm saying that on record. There you go. I'm voting for her. 'cause I do have a black daughter. I do have a, you know what I'm saying? I do wanna vote and I do wanna see her win. But it's like Joe, it's like I'm in the music business, my nigga, I wanna see you win as an artist, but you gonna change that hairstyle. You gotta change some songs. You gonna have to stop just like that if you really wanna win. And that's the part when we say that, they'd be like, we don't have time for that. Shut up and just vote for her. It's like, all right, cool. It don't work like that. My black person trauma is telling me that if a white lady couldn't win, even though she won a popular vote, then I'd like to see the chance that a black lady has Mm, Still America. That's my, that's to be honest, that's my fear. That's why they, we didn't even, They wouldn't let Hillary get up there.


Even with all the emails. A Clinton, by the way, Hillary Clinton, a Clinton and That is scary the way they view Bill. They Wouldn't let No, no, no, no, no. She did not have the same, the public perception did not view her as favorably as they did Bill. They just did not, they looked at her, See, well Bill got head Yeah. That part and played the saxophone, But they also looked at her like the poor Didn't say they smoke weed. Yeah. And smoke weed. And smoke weed. Yeah. So look at, look at all The reasons Kamlan Biden was doing that when they was ever rocos and shit. Singing church hymns over chicken and waffles. Yep. Smoking weed. No. Okay. Weed might help him. That nigga Mincha was on level five Mincha. That Minchi was on Master level was whooping his ass.


That Mincha was going crazy on him. God damnit. Yeah. Vocal. Who you see fit When, you hit the booth, please head the CNN on one of 'em other places for your fucking political news. I'm just giving you nigga shit. Yeah. What else? What else do I have here? That's important. Unimportant vibes. It's free. Let's see. you know what I'm sick of? What? I'm sick of that Rapper Predator show. Oh, I was, I was coming to ask y'all about that today. I'm done. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. I'm finished. It's weird. The acon the ACON shit today. Wasn't he singing locked up to him? He was. It's weird. It's weird. It's extremely fucking weird. And it's been weird. Yeah, it was weird before ACON started singing locked up.


It was weird when Game tried to slap the nigga up. It was weird when him and whack 100 surrounded dude in front of the Camry. It was weird when YG went over there and called dude a bozo and a weirdo. Like, I don't feel like rappers need to be affiliated to everything. Me. Yeah. Yeah. If y'all are going out to catch predators, this guy Vitali and fucking army soup man, then go catch 'em. Also as somebody that does content, I know how hard It is to just book normal guests. The fact that y'all got predators lined up every day a new one. Them niggas, you making 'em eat Cheerios, you mushing them niggas. Are these guys really predators or not? That's my question.


And why are, is every rapper rushing to catch a predator? Shut the fuck up. You niggas. You niggas wasn't there with homeboy. What's my man name that came and did our show? Hanon. Chris Hansson. Now y'all with this dude making some other niggas equity fucking go through the sky hate the rappers are just the fucking, I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. Quavo. They said Quavo took 300,000 and didn't show up to deposit. Good. Clap it up for Quavo. Yo, I'm taking your money. And I think that shit you do is weird. Sue me, bye. Yeah, He took, yeah, he took the deposit. Yo rappers, y'all don't have to be a part of everything. You don't, don don't care what your a and r said or what your publicist said or what your label had said.


Some shit is okay to skip. This looks weird. And you know how they marketing it to 'em. Yo, this get you a look. This get you out there eyes. It's content. It is all of that. But Everybody you need to be seen need doing this. Everybody that's done this does not need a look. Like they don't need. Who? If you're a rapper, you need to look, We talking about this. This is a Fucking weird Look. I'm just saying This. If you're a rapper, you need a look. This is 2024. It's three rappers that don't need a look. Yeah. Freestyle right now. This shit. Go. If you are a rapper, 99% of the field need a look and You go do something on here that goes viral. There, there It is again, especially if you're cold right now. I'm not saying any of these gentlemen are, but let's just say you not as hot as you once were Where all ain't gonna save you.


It ain't about saving you. Okay. Again, they chasing the looks. They chasing you. Okay. And where are You'all finding all of these fucking pedophiles At the audition they Like at the pedophile supermarket? I thought they were setting them up. Yeah, It is, It is It is a website they're doing. I don't believe shit want Internet I don Shit bro. I think all that shit is fake. I think the pedophile is fake. All That is scripted. I don't believe it at, show me the kid. You want me to believe it? Show me the nigga in danger that you just stayed. The kid is not the Kid. I don't wanna hear This shit. The kid is part of the sting operation. Decoy It is somebody, It is a decoy Dey. I know, I know. I'm showing. Show me the decoy. Hey Chris Hanson used to show the little fucking 12-year-old girl. It wasn't 12 watch playing Roblox.


There Wasn't really 12 though it wasn't an Adult. I don't give a fuck. She was fucking 35. Yes. But she looked 12. I don't care. Chris Hanson would come right in while they was getting Con point, a condom out seat pocket. Have a Seat, have a seat. Hey Little girl, what you doing here Chris Hanson bus right in. Whatcha doing here for Video Village? Who the fuck are these? Because I hate it. And, and and there's only one thing. And and at the end, Dude, the guys get locked up. I don't even do. That's what Chris Sen had Locked up. Sen was getting locked up because They, to sit Police and it will tell you what happened. These niggas, some of them, they like, all right, we're gonna let you go this time. Wait, what? Yeah, yeah. We let you go this. Wait, so you're letting the pedophile go this time you're saying because the game is there. Course It is coming to commit a crime because we paid You. Your services are done. We got our content and now Good job.


No, no. I think don don't believe That is definitely fake. Don't believe don don't believe This. shit. I'm telling It is definitely fake. They got a new pedophile every hour. Nigga. America's most wanted can't have a new pedophile every, Hey hold on. The nigga that was going around beating up pedophiles, they was dropping videos daily. The white boy that was going around fighting them, they have But. yeah. But, But, but I, I think he's talking about the rappers coming in performing like ACOM performing locked up as a joke to the pedophile. That's, I think that's what he's speaking about. He's saying that That sound like you think something is a is joke, joke, joke. It is joke. Yeah. It's like when your girl used to say, oh you Kiki. Yeah, You Kiki With her. Oh you did? That's funny. Yeah. Like, no, I'm sorry if I was Kiki. Like I didn't even know what Kiki meant. But no, it ain't time to come sing.


Locked up with the dude in the Indian outfit putting his arm around me while like, D dog get this whole, get this pedophile Columbine outta here. It's weird. It's weird. It's weird. It is weird. It's weird. So only Chris Hanson. So even the white. Yes. What about the white boy that was fighting them? Did that get a little weird for you? I wasn't mad At that. I'm, I'm not, I'm not so mad at that. The one that Wasn't, It wasn't a new episode of that. Every hour it looked like, all right, I finally caught the pedophile in the bodega. I'm going to teach him a lesson. Exactly. These niggas got a new nigga every second. Some of them is crying into the Cheerio Bowl. Some of them is fucking barking. Like dogs. Roof. Roof. Can I go now? Wait nigga, this show gonna make, I can't say it 'cause We on a fucking pod.


They just, they just performed. I wanna see a pedophile smack This shit out one of y'all. I do one them got, I do one of got shot. Wanna see The fake pedophile. One shot a nigga got shot. Shoot him again. Shoot somebody out. They went up there when the nigga backed out. No dude again. Yeah, he got beat up again. Yeah. I by the Mexican, the one he kicked it bunch at the Same time. I'm, I missed shy. I wrote it down. That was my take. Sorry. If you don't feel like that, I'm not endorsing endorsing pedophiles either. No, but It's too serious. It's too serious to make it a TV show about It's way too serious rapper to have a rapper Time. I see what you're saying. This Ain't MTV Crips. Yeah. It's like you're not shut off your house. Like We love y'all and we want, y'all are heroes, but we don't want, we want this nigga really in jail going like, we don't want him like being Like nothing about and nothing about your slaps belongs in this world.


Yeah. You're not rapping about this. You're not singing about this. Your chorus is not about this. What about your brand is here. It's nothing but, oh, you nigga's got some audience. So let me show up. That's it. I'm tired of rappers being slaves for anybody that has an audience. I do. I'm sorry about it. Sorry that I love, I love us more than some of y'all. I'm with You. I hate you too. I'm with you. And that's what I meant about the look is that this look isn't necessarily cohesive with your, In New York City just now. The other day they caught a man touching a young girl on the train. And I just saw the video. Some of the niggas got together, they held him and they slapped the shit outta him in the train station. But that's different. So. I got a daughter, slapped him Bow. So you know, niggas is, That is different.


That's what I'm saying. I I agree. I understand that It is in the moment. You see the, you know there's Some wild shit going on. I saw a video that was on Twitter this morning, nigga lady sitting on the bus. Yeah. This nigga standing right here. Was it here? Yeah. New York. New York. Jerk Off. Nigga standing right here beating Off. Yeah. Wow. Like he gonna whoop his As he nigga his ass. Whoop. I swear it's like a right of passage if Somebody was just sitting across from him just recording and they, they ass like, why you ain't saying the, the person responded was like, yo, I'm a, I'm a old woman. Like I was afraid he'd attack me, but I did record it. But this nigga, yo these niggas is sick out here. Yeah. Tell me about it. Seen some nigga beating off on the bus. That's what you talking said nigga. I didn't know if that was the same video. No was what was that video bro? Okay. It's not A group of niggas beating on the bus.


Yo. you right. Hey nigga wasn't listening. He checked out. Yo, you I, that didn't look like the best place to beat off. Yeah. Oh my God. My man, it happens. I don don't know one woman in New York that it hasn't happened to. I don't know. I don't know one what? Fever, sorry. No, no, no. I'm just talking about how prevalent It is now. Now, now. Melyssa Ford. What's your middle name? Savannah. Savannah Melyssa. Savannah Ford. Melyssa. Savannah Ford. Yo. Y'all gonna make me do it. I'm not doing it. Mel Ford. You do know somebody who hasn't had a man jerk off by their ear on public transportation. Okay. Not necessarily by their ear. you Know, I hate to be the One to tell you.


Not by their ear. Every Girl, you know, didn't experience that. Are you kidding me? Yeah. No, I'm not kidding you. Every woman you know has not I. don know. I didn't say every, had A guy jerk off. I didn't say everyone by their ear on the Q 93. Hello? I did not say every woman that I know. I said every woman that I know in New York now has had an experience on the train or the bus where a motherfucker starts jerking off in front of them. No. Yes, I've heard that story Diminish. Friends experience. Maybe she only know two Women in New York though. Three People bro. How many, how many women? you know in New York let's, let's Like seven. And they all look like you. So they all like, you know, seven. You Don't have, you don't have to be like stunning for it to happen to you. I'm, I'm just saying. But like, you can't know 300 women in New York that it happened to Don don't know.


300 women in new, how Many women in New York do you know? That's the question. YI know a lot. What's a lot? Give us a about ballpark number. Don don't know. Maybe like 45. So, you Know, 45 women all you know, You know five women that have had a man jerk off by their ear on public transportation. You Keep with the ear Thing. Was it a man or the bear jerk off anywhere near them? Don't you fucking start with that bear shit, I'll fight you. Yeah. And I didn't say by the ear. I just said a man jerking off in on public transportation. That is what I said. Listen, I'm not diminishing their experience. So I'm with you. If that has happened to 45 of you ladies, I couldn't imagine that. And I really, I'm really sorry that that happened to you. And we need better, a better system in place to catch these predators. It was just the odds of It is such a unique, it's such unique situation.


It's not unique. No, no. I'm saying like It is unique because we're talking about it. Like It is like, damn, everybody saw that. It's like, it's unique and I just think that I didn't know that that happened. Like it's common. It's common. Very common. It's common. Niggas are. I didn't think that the number was that large. I only did that to seven bitches. Okay, well go ahead. Somebody that do it to somebody to do it to 45. Yo, you Might be, you might be, you might be 38. It might be the other 38. First of all, you ain't gotta, you ain't gotta block none now. Pussy ass nigga. Do I take public transportation? They can't take a joke nigga. Am I doing anything on a bus? No, it's enough. I said this is Wagyu, nigga. I ain't pulling this out on the bus. All are creeps anyway anyways.


Disgusting. I don't have anything El Oh wait a minute. That is cap. I'm gonna hit the round of applause button for 42, Doug, as soon as I find the round of applause button, here we go. Love it. Accessibility Shortcut. Good dog. Siri, shut the fuck up 42. Doug took some money for a hosting gig. The promoter did what every promoter tries to do. Put a mic in your hand while we play your song so you could perform the song at the hosting gig. Meaning you paid me to just come here and drink my favorite alcoholic beverage.


I'm not uttering a word, I'm not singing a hook. I'm not humming a melody. And the second I do that price changes dramatically. We ain't doing it right here anymore. And you promoters be having it fucked up. So I'm glad that 42 Doug did that and looked at you like the weirdo bozo you are. Even though you were doing maybe what you were supposed to do as the promoter, but as the rapper. Nigga, get this fucking mic out my face. That's One of the, that's one of the janky promoter tricks they get there. Oh yeah. That's how, and, and the flyer probably stay performing live too. Mm. Because that's how they get you. And that's where it gets tricky at. That's where it gets fucked up because now the fans go get mad at you. Yep. And they get outta there. Yo, I, I feel like I got robbed for my money. Yo, I paid duh duh. You couldn't get a section.


I had to pay this song. Yo, you couldn't fuck with 'em. They don't understand that this is a business dog. I was contracted to do this and I did this. They do that. Soda fans can get mad at you they learn so much of the fucking white label tricks that they try to trick their own people with 'em. Yep. Don't weaponize my fan base against me. Fuck outta here. Or the other ones you'll not get a single When I used to show up. You ain't getting a p bump outta me. Go ahead and do your little B 2K dance while it's on. I'll stand there and drink my fucking juice. But the second I say P hey, that four grand is 10. Yep. That's A show down. That 20 five's It is seven. It's the Show That's real. Or the other old trick, you know, It is like, we gonna pay you out the door when it fill up.


No nom ain't walking in here. We'll sit here, go get the money or be pulling off. That's it. Love it. So shout out to 42, Doug. I appreciate it. Seeing that word. Looking at my list, I don't have anything here, aside from writing that I never had yogurt. I thought That would be cool to share with y'all. Frozen yogurt. Yogurt you've never had yogurt, period. Any yogurt? Me neither. Yogurt. Well, you, I believe French fries in my entire life. I was on FaceTime with Ian the other day. He was cooking up a little breakfast. I was like, all right, you in your bag on some Jewish shit. What you making? And he was like, you know, he showed me he was proud of his meal. He was like, I'll show it to you in a second.


I thought I was about to see some Jewish Thanksgiving breakfast. And he flipped the camera around. He made an omelet, put some jelly on top of some yogurt. And what else did he put on the plate? Some bullshit. And that's my man. So I ain't want to chill. You've had yogurt sauce. I was like, okay, okay. Oh, it's ketchup eggs, a plot of ketchup on the side and some yogurt and jelly. But when he flipped the camera around, I, I, I did, I'll admit, I said, Hey, I ain't gonna lie, that yogurt and jelly don't look the worst. So on the plate. And he said, oh my God, buddy, it's to die for. And I said, you know what?


I don't think anybody knows that I've never had yogurt. Like as it was explained to me as a kid, Hey, what's that? I mean, it's not ice cream, but it's suck my dick down. Like there was never an explanation that made me be like, you know how like okra got a good rebrand? Yeah. Brussel SPRs got brus, brussel sout, Bruss sprouts, even cauliflower. Everything's got good re back cauliflower yogurt. I never, I might, I might change. I might, I might give it a try some yogurts as an adult. I think I might like it as a kid. Suck my dick. Get some little fruit in there. A little granola. Yeah. Good to go. Ooh, little blueberries. Yeah, that's what I had this morning. Nah, you freaking it.


Blueberries, strawberries, granola yogurt. Did you get, you gotta get Greek yogurt. The Greek yogurt, the Greek don don't get Greek yogurt. Little honey. That's the best yogurt. Greek yogurt that Or Icelandic It is Got probiotics to help you start Bionic. Bionic. It's True. He's right, he's right. Do high protein. Okay. Yeah. I am gonna try yogurt. I'll be back with my review. Also, I, I went to see Trap. I caught the four 15 showing at, I pick best sleep I had in a while. Clap it up. Oh, here we go. Joe is back. Clap it up. I'm not saying it was bad. No, I say, Joe is back going to sleep on a movie and yo, that's my bag. Yo, I don't, I get the best sleep in.


I pick So I watch for about a hour. The nigga was still in there trapped. His daughter thought he was a weirdo. Dad, why you acting like a doof? He done kicked some bitch down the stairs trying to escape. And then Russ came out from a secret compartment in the floor. Then dude was looking in the compartment trying to convince his daughter that they need to jump down there. The daughter said, nigga, no, leave me alone. I'm watching my favorite act. And then I went to sleep and When I woke up. They was tasing that nigga outside of the concert, Oh. wow. They was at somebody crib. They hit him with the gun and he was in the ambulance. And then I won't spoil it for you, but he lived, and maybe there's a sequel coming, but I totally missed this movie.


I have to buy new tickets and I'm walking in during hour two to catch up on what I missed. Okay. Got it. Yeah. The Joe movie. But it looks like typical M Night Shahan for me, which is some bullshit, amazing concept. A concept that I have to rush to the theater and see in Terrible institution, Just a total fuck up of what you thought was about to happen with This. shit. Sound about right. That's what it looks like. Yep. That that sounds about right. Yeah. That's what it looks like. Yeah. So shout to him. Ian Shalin still getting that Breath. And folks that gave his daughter, his daughter is the performer in the movie Oh. wow. Okay. She's also a performer in real life. That's nepotism. I support And she's the director or something too, if I'm not mistaken.


I, that's nepotism. I support, I don't know why I supported there, but I don't support this Elliot, Elliot Grange Atlantic move. I don't where we at on time. Three 13 Oh Shit. We blew it. Yeah. Ray, how long I got you for? I I I got another 20 minutes. Nah, fuck you. Oh, we can get 20 minutes to talk. We can get 20 minutes to talk ice. Mel. Somebody explained to me the reorganization of Atlantic Records slash Atlantic Music Group. Tell me about the reshuffling of seats. Julia is doing something different now.


Elliot Grange is the CEO now Craig Cowman is doing something different now. It sounds like they, they made a new company. It sounds like they made a new company. Alright, don don't know. So They restructured. It says Warner Music Group announces a major executive restructure Max Ada to step down. Julie will become the chairman of Atlantic Music Group and Elliot Green just stepping into the role of CEO. Also bringing over 10 k the change, we'll see 10 K shift under the Atlantic Music Group umbrella, along with Atlantic Records Electra and 300.


Meanwhile, Warner Records led by Co-Chair slash CEO Aaron Bechuck and co-chair COO Tom Corson will oversee Warner Music, Nashville. None such in reprise. That's pretty much it. I mean, I want hear Y Yeah, I mean, I like, I I need, I need ready To break this. My thing is, so my thing is, is this I do number one, Elliot is great at what he's done. He's broke about four or five artists since he's had 10 K. But he didn't start on the bottom floor. Of course, of course not. He, his, his, no, no, no, no, no, no. He didn't start, he could have started at the bottom floor as an intern for Universal. His, he got a, a whole label deal off the gate. Like he had his baptism, he had his own office on Sunset Boulevard and everything.


He had a beautiful office. Like literally no one from the Universal world has an office in LA outside the office. Except he, he did. So it was really like, damn, dad set him up. Now he gets promoted to this. And to me it just felt like the rich gets richer. But on the other side, he's really a good executive. He's broken a lot of acts, probably more than anybody else. It's just, it's just, you know what It is? It is just this what I, I feel Joel Imma say this, you know, the problem is, is that white men could get to skip the line. So like, we gotta fucking do everything, every and anything just to show that we deserve to be at the table. And oh, he just skipped the line and now he's Kevin Lau's boss. Now Kevin Lau like, it's like that's Kevin Lyes, like, like Kaiser, you got Ra and I don.


And by the way, I'm saying he's great, but I'm saying you mean to tell me that Lon Ray wasn't worth the upgrade? You mean to tell me Kaiser wasn't worth that? You mean, and It is, to me it's always just like we arguing with scraps. Meanwhile they're playing chess and making real moves. And to me, the only way this changes is if we start trusting each other and supporting each other and just saying straight the fuck up. I'm not doing that. If that person ain't there. And if we did more of that, it would change it. But that's nasty work bro. That is real. And, and, and and the only, and and lemme tell you why I say the only part that feels ne, like I don't wanna say the the act word nepotism. The only way that feels like nepotism to me is, is that when a c when La Reid took over Arista, he had to sell LaFace when a nigga, when Ron Perry took over Columbia, he had to sell, he sold songs on publishing.


Right. Shit Ho did it with Def Jam they gave when HOV took over Def Jam. Yeah. Yeah. He had to stay stole Rockefeller. He sold Rockefeller. Yeah. He, he still gets to keep 10 K and he gets to be the CEO of Atlantic. If that. You can't name one you, matter of fact, you can't add 10 black Executives up in this business and add all of that, all that track record. And none of them have half of the opportunity he gets. But he's great. I just wish that they didn't dance in our face like that. That's my problem Joe. It's like the dancing in my face. Like what I going to do. You seen you saying he is great and he very well may be. I don't feel like 10 K has been productive enough for this. I also don't feel like they really needed to be 10 K is what?


Ice Spice. Takashi Trippy Red. There's somebody else that I'm missing. Capella. Huh? Capella. Capella Who? Capella Gray. Capella Gray. Yes. It is 10 K. Yes. He need to walk to somebody's corner office and Oh, What's up? What's up Mother? Internet money. Okay. I'm not mad at Lucian doing that for his son. I'm not, I feel like that's supposed to happen. It's my same Brony LeBron argument. But there is something here I'm mad at. But the news is too new for me to have figured it out yet. I feel like there's some splitting up of companies and anytime Nat happens, I feel like this is when Lyor introduced the 360 of Def Jam and he was like, okay, who's down with the 360 and who's not?


I need a clear separation. So I know what direction the business is going. Yep. I don't know enough about this 'cause I've never been with the Atlantic system, but it's a lot of Def Jam people over there. This sounds like that. This sounds like, all right, I'm getting half of the company together so we could handle our projections of whether it be AI or whatever the incentive is or the model is going forward and the rest of y'all are some old nigga timing and then we get paid in this way from y'all. Stay back there. That's what it sounds like. I'm gonna research more. I'm gonna do a little more homework and I'm gonna ruffle some feathers up there at Atlantic to see if somebody's angry, emotional, or has an explanation for me. But this sounds a little nuts to me.


Yeah, This sounds like it sound crazy. Even if you are music savvy out there, it will require a new level of understanding for the new trick that's at play. I don't know the trick yet, but there's a trick in here. It Got It like fam you have Lucy and over here and your son right across, like over There at at the Other competing against each other. The other major Competing against each other. Or not. Or not. Or not I don or not I don know. That's my, that means to compete against each other. But I I, I'll say this, That's like when my man in Monopoly get all the pieces that I'm missing, right? And it's like, yeah, you competing against me, but I got two Magenta's. You got one, I got two oranges and you got one.


I'm the leader in this game, but let's work. Yep. It just sounds, I like the nepotism. Me too. But there's something funny in here somewhere. I Wish that they allowed it. I wish that they allowed it to be, I wish it wasn't just so in your face. don don't know what It is about. That to me it just like, like you got niggas out here that be killing it. Brilliant facts Care can do the job, but they gotta show you that they want to do the job before you even give 'em a chance to get a dollar to try to do the job before they can get a real deal to do. you know what I'm, what I'm trying to say. He walked into it. And by the way, I want my son to walk into something great. Same thing. I don. So there's nothing wrong. It is nothing that, but it's like it Atlantic is also Atlantic Republican endoscope were probably the crown jewels of labels as far as they aint had no turbulence probably since the nineties.


Yeah. Not now. One of them. So if y'all would've gave him like capital, which is trying to figure it out, I'm cool. Like give him, give him some work. But y'all gave him the one of flagship, the fucking, the flagship label that's gonna run whether he there or not. And y'all let him keep his shit. So that means it's, to me it's just like, yeah, s slap in the face. It is shit that, you know, you couldn't ask for that they like, well you know, you couldn't ask for but, And to that point of letting him keep his shit like normally even if you not related, you come up with shit. Kevin did it with 300 when fucking all us at Def Jam was fucking crying. Anyway, you come up with a company, you'll sell it to one of the big wigs and we'll keep you on maybe for a year or two as a consultant to continue to run this thing until we know how and then you step away.


That's what we paid you to do. Yep. Him getting to keep This shit is absolutely crazy. And it lends credence to Meek Mill's argument from years ago. Yeah. Right. Like Meek Mill was saying, yo, I walked so many people through this door. I walked in the Roddy Riches, I walked in the yas, I walked in the yada yada y whoever he walked in there poopy, shout to poopy, poopy done walked every real nigga in Atlanta that sold some Atlantic that sold some records in there. Orlando what? Good Jersey City. you know the vibes? What up? Oh, it just seemed like when we do it, It is on the strength. Yes. And when someone else does it, there's maximum fucking game to be had. Yeah, yeah. You're not, you're not wrong. And That's just one of my problems with this.


I got, I'm gotta go get educated, but I got problems with Some And you got, and then you got people like a Larry Jackson who's one of the greatest execs of our time, who has works in all genres who had to go raise money to start This shit. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Think about this like this nigga That is this nigga and you got people like cte, these niggas signed Kelly, Kate Perry still working with Ka Perry does Urban all This shit, can't get nothing. And then here he comes, could get it. And to me it's like, it's, to me it's like just dancing our face saying what y'all going to do? And for me it's like, my question is what we going to do, because the only thing we can do is stick together. Hey, I'm not with that shit. Like maybe Elliot is the guy, but he gives us a black division and say you guys go run it. But Kaiser been putting the work at Atlantic for 20 fucking years.


Over 20 years. Over 20 years. Tell me you just, you promoted a kid. He be my boss. Be Yeah. Like I like what I've been doing didn't count. Like so for me it's just like, that's the part that bothers me. If if if if 10, if they sold 10 K, he Got it, I would've been like that's a play he cashed out. Yeah, exactly. Because that's, but they let him keep that and be my boss. So he get the, and meanwhile you telling Joe, they, lemme tell you something about the music business. They don't like execs that do two things at once. You can't be an exec who works at a company but has your own company. They don't want that. Well that's like a co of company. What? That's what they No, no. That's what they tell all us. Yeah. I've got offered, I got offered jobs like where you wanna come over here and be head of this or ahead of that?


Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Let's do it. You have to quit everything else you do the pot, everything. I'm like, why do I have to do that? Like, exactly. I would rather do it from the fucking office. You can do that. And that's what I'm saying. So it's like when we gotta pick, it's like you wanna play in route and when they get to pick it's like, which part of this thing you Want? Yeah. They get to kick camera pull Until we can figure out what's left for everybody else. And to me it's, it's, it's the slap in the face of it that's like Donald Trump making his son the vice president. Like yeah. Shit Nigga. Like, I mean I know you arrogant but you that goddamn arrogant. You ain't gonna even like y'all in the same house. So now y'all run two thirds of the music Business. Yeah. That is absolute, that's the crazy Point. Actually more than two thirds. 75% more than likely because Warn the Universal is about 48, 40 7% of market share. And Warner It is about another, a big chunk of the Yeah.


Like he, you and your dad that mean I sitting at the lunch table, y'all laughing at what, who you buying today son? Meanwhile we out here dancing, struggling everything else. Just get an opportunity my nigga. I'm the best nigga that do This shit. They don't offer me a job. Well know why. 'cause I'm the being in the nigga in the room saying, Hey, we can't do that to them kids. Nigga, you know how many times I was in the room, Joe? That's that's it. you know how many times I was in the room, Joe? And they'll fucking play a song like I'm I fuck that. I'm sorry. I know I got time to go. But lemme tell you, I've been to meetings before. Well a white boy will walk in the office and in a meet and play a song for a kid that looks Drake Complexion and his nigga, nigga, fuck fuck. He was the darkest kid in the video. And they're like, this going viral. And I'm like, so you know, all the black people are looking like Appall, but they're like, this is so when it goes up, they're like, what'd everybody think?


And I'm like, yo, he is he black? Yeah. Oh his father's black. Well, his father wasn't in the house with him. 'cause I know if he was, he would've had a people in the video that looked like him and none of was there. And they was like, okay, pass. But I felt like, damn Ray, you fucked it up for us. And I'm like, bro, I'm trying. I I I have a responsibility to make you guys money, but I have a responsibility to my culture. And I and, and when we sitting here pumping the shit that we pumping just because it's making money. And by the way, I'm not saying that, I'm not saying that don't pump the bullshit, but I'm saying that you should at least encourage the people to get better. Like, yo, I know you said that but yo, what if we tried this today or lemme put you on Pharrell and see what he come up with.


So you don't always have to make low. 'cause all It is is black niggas trying to make some money. That's all It is. We, we broke, we trying to make some money. So I'm just good enough to show you how to make money without having to put so much poison in your shit. Mm. But they don't like that. Mm, they don't care. We don't want No, we don't need you giving nobody a conscious in here. Right? Mm. We are here to make a fucking dollar. That is our job. That is a number. And To keep that artist down There, That is a number on the board that we keep. So the people that care all got pushed out and the people that the people that don't give a fuck are There play the game. That's what make this reorganization real sick to me. 'cause it's coming off the back of all of the layoffs not too long ago. So what your, what are y'all up to? Trick? I may not know this. This is a trick. Oh no. But Joe, lemme tell you another thing. you know, once they do restructuring, next comes the layoffs.


Once they announce the instruction in the universal, couple weeks later layoffs come, this reconstruction is gonna be layoffs. And that's now that's gonna be the part who they let go. Mm. Who, who, who, who they gonna let out the room. And to me it's just like, but I, I'm in the music. I make money with these people but it always frustrates me how it's like, damn bro, how much more nigga gotta do to get an opportunity around here, nigga songwriter to all This shit you got. And it's still like good work. Meanwhile sign him, give him a deal, give him. And it's like, so nigga's gotta go to Po now, now I'm one the Joe Bun podcast talking This shit. The only way You can do it right now. That's really why I started my podcast. It was like I got tired of feeling like, like you know how hard It is to work for somebody that you're better than you know how hard It is to work with somebody that don't know nothing.


you Know, hold up for a second Ray. Huh? Y'all cool? Who? Yeah. No, we straight. No, we can relate to what he saying. What happened? No, we relate. He say, you know, I used to work for somebody You better than everybody like My bad Ray. Go ahead. No good. I'm just saying it's harder. It is Or like, like, like just, I like to tell the music business. Imagine a guy in Nashville, a country go on overall wearing country motherfucking Nashville. Like he love his city, got red flag, all that shit. He walks into, he walks into a office and he gotta play me Ray Daniels a country artist and tell me why I need to sign him. That shit sounds laughable. Black people do that shit every day.


Every Day. Yeah. And that's what It's, and that's the problem we owe. They don't have to dance for us, but we gotta dance for them. And my thing is, is that, and like, and, and, and we, once we had the market, we still didn't get shit. So for Me, well that's where the trick is gonna be. You danced for us long enough. We did that already mastered that. Now we gonna have, listen on Instagram, I be having to look three times to make sure these fine chicks ain't the AI face on. Sure. Somebody that I seen before, just So I know these labels. Hey, thank you artists for your contribution. But now we about to move y all outta of here. We have the information that we need to own the publishing side of this to own every side, every Side.


We don't need y'all no more. Whoever's not down with that, stay on the left and whoever's with the shits, let's please move to the right. And if I'm following anybody, it's Julie. I know how they feel about Julie. I know they love Julie. They're not moving, they're not moving Julie around to keep her just busy. She, they they moving her to where they need some shit to happen at. Yeah, she the she, she the one, she's the one. And I'm seeing contrasting reports on how they report on Craig Cowman. I am I know Ice read me some shit that spoke rather favorably, favorably about Craig. I seen some shit that was like, whoa, y'all not really acknowledging Craig's contribution of his I was gonna say Joe. And, and this ain't no black and white shit. 'cause Craig Cowman deserves That is an artist. Craig Kaman deserved better. It's Creative versus non-creative.


He built the company and It is white and black Craig will be a and r. Like what? That's like it's the game bro. It ain't about history no more. It's about right now what we need to do. Fuck it. And now that's what we got. What It says here is Craig and he had co-chair slash coo along with Julie. Yeah. She's moving to Up, she moving, She's moving up up And he's keeping this the title of CEO of Atlantic Records. She's moving up to Atlantic Music Group. Atlantic Music Music Group. So now here's where it gets tricky. Who's on Atlantic Records And who will, who's On Atlanta Music group. Music group. That's, that's, that's It. And I'm looking for a rap or r and b beef or something big to come from whoever is on the Atlantic Music Group side to drive up the value of whatever this new shit is.


I'm looking for the next step. So I can predict this play. I am. I love Julie, I love Craig. I love everybody at Atlantic. If you know, you already already know, but IIII do have my eyes on this and It is super interesting and compelling. It is for sure, It is Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Ray Daniels. Yeah. Hey, thank you. Thank you. Oh my headphones. No, your phone ring been mine. My apologies ringing. Yeah, It is not ringing, it's not ringing to me. I'm faithful nigga try to get me jammed up. Try to get me jammed up. Look, why you trying to say bitches hitting me? He ain't say that man. Thank you. You saying my phone is ringing. My girl don't hear niggas just calling. She know my niggas don't call me. That's Who been calling me on here. Huh? Big man.


Hey, Hate Insane fucking out it Ray you one of my favorite people. I'm so glad. Thank you bro. I'm so glad I don. For real. Yeah. Nah, Ray is that dude man Ray, what you, what you think needs to happen for, for, for your pod to take a leap because you, you him, yo. Well, You know, I, I'm, I'm just building it and I just need more artists. you know, I I'm, I'm glad to say that I built this show The God show off the back of information and not the back of who the guest was. So for me, so same with you. Exactly. That's why. So for me it's just, you know, black, they're artists, especially black artists show up for black media the same way you show up for white media. I just gotta say that. Definitely. Because a nigga run to go talk to another side, but then you be sitting right here like, yeah, I'm gonna get to you, I'm gonna get to you.


And it's like, okay cool. Well I guess, you know, and meanwhile you gotta go build and if we don't support our own ecosystem and put some, some, some foundation under it by supporting each other, we gonna be, we gonna be talking about This shit four years from now and Def Jam disappointed Lucian's grandson, the CEO and he's 12 years old and we gonna be mad but don't reason why be mad is because we ain't changing our action items of how we interact with each other. That's how we move with each other. And the, and I wanna say this Joe real nigga, and I'm gonna say this because number one Joe came to Atlanta, did my show and you know, it felt kind of like that episode of Martin where Tommy Davidson was on there, Dale Hill where he did my show. And I kind of was afraid to ask him could I do his So. I was like, yo, you think he did mine? You think I can do yours? And he was like, sure. All I, I brought my kids up here.


Everything I hoping was please let this nigga answer the phone. So I think my kid's gonna be outside being like, did he let you up? But I gotta, I gotta, I got a sense of humor nigga. I was just thinking about that. you know what I'm, you know the episode I'm talking about right? I About, come on Melyssa Lap I don gonna have to sit on Melyssa lap like I'm nasty. Get on the show. But Nigga Martin came out So I giving, He never saw it. He should Heza Martin, stop trying to bag Melyssa. I'm be real with you. Put your hands down. I'll be real. Stop trying to bag Melyssa while I'm sitting here Nigga. It is so funny. Yo for me, if I fuck with you, I fuck with you. Raise on the show. You gonna smile the guess. Yeah. If It is one thing she gonna do is smile. Finish your thought. Just smile.


I forgot my thought but no, if I fuck with you I'll fuck with you Ray. Genuine shit Ray. You my man. I Appreciate y'all. This means a lot. Always. Especially you being here too man. Appreciate you bro. Especially you being here too my nigga. I appreciate y'all and I can argue with you all day bro. Be all Day bro. Yeah Ice. Lemme see around the floors my nigga Ice Man. Niggas come up here and try to out music You can kid right Ice My nigga Ice. Me and Ray Crew pieced it up. Those my niggas over there. They ain't take one picture nigga over there. That nigga left the camera sitting right there. The contact crew James, Chad and Donnie, James Chad don't be mad, I just talk like that.


I just talk like that. Let's go. And with that said, I'm playing take pictures of the sleeper moment. A sleeper from Tank. Oh good. And this song is called Good Thing featuring Candace boy What happened?


What happened? I wanna playing commercial don don Check.


That is brand new old music. That is Tank featuring Candace boy. That record is called Good. Thing Mel with Shazam the entire time. No It is cool. Mel. It's cool to get some sauce for me. It's all right. It is all right. It is nigga My sleep was It is also brand new. Old music. The convo we had about the better kissing styles back and forth. The record I was thinking about was banned from tv. That verse the back and forth. That was my one that I had better than we gonna make it. No that was the one. But my sleeper is actually from the belly soundtrack. This is Tommy theme. Made Men in the The.


Another One that goes on that list. Made. Men motherfucker may motherfucker. Motherfucker. Yeah. Yeah. Yo. Yo. Running your mouth. I have you with a gun in your mouth. Two in your throat. Look now your son is in doubt whether or not he should think of pulling his block. Matter of fact my nigga got a gun to his back. Squeeze three, turn him around and give him a smack. Take the joint off his waist and hit him with that shit is for real. So niggas better get in and chill. Make the bullets that'll kill. It's a nigga with Will just gimme the word.


All my niggas get it with birds. I'm from the hood. So. I stood on the curb nigga you heard die the wall. I probably resurrect on the floor then get up yelling for more. Banging the fall. Nigga we may touch more niggas than Aids. Bust my gun at the sun just to sit in the shade. We living it up. Got big nigga shriveling up sick in they house dying with they dick in their mouth. Bitch a swing. You ought to be kissing my ring. I'm doing my thing. Money out of the bang. You going to even be a cow with the king cream of the crowd. One phone calling Nina Pop loving the wealth. Fucking I'm a do it myself for my nigga nigga X nigga Run in the truck, hit the dashboard, turn on the lights.


I hit the switch twice. Some shit come out the send in your life we was revolvers no shell. Who the fuck Tell look for the big crew. I let my shit go at y. Watch your make fo like the World Series one I told you about fucking with son. Study my guns from the biggest to the littlest ones 22 behind the air. And the big shit that we killed is with be on the roof on some dead president. Shit. Long scope. Bear all open to the public. I love it. Fucking it. Have to take the rifle home and hug it. What you know about that Love black gloves. No back up. Only this vest. Only these thefts. Only these lefts fishermen knife that cut in your chest. If I get jerked it's like one nigga in the army that fucked up the whole squad going do pushups too. Somebody pay me but a instead of cals.


Y'all going push up daisies. You crazy now what the fuck? What y'all thinking? I'll leave your body where your boys be at for a week And niggas coming out the store like what the fuck is that With the platinum gap? Say raps. Overhang man tracks and make hot nigga with the lost cap. Bad boys and maid man Mad Mayhem will leave you all tied and shout up as the days in spraying rounds in you from every level Caliber mechanical's automatically. Mechanical botanical guard. Oja fuck Sergeant with my folder roll like red October over small soldier your flack jacket won't react. When I splash it. Your thumbs going. Catch it off. My legs are being gadget. Steal your bitch. It like a base in the game of baseball and don't sweat looking for E. I can't wait to face y'all if my name's crawled out.


Y'all niggas going fall out of position 'cause punk mc in his light stitching get hung from Third tier in your underwear. Light of fluid in your head. Spark up for the New year with eight pounds of heavy metal like a rockstar twin. Be Redis. I Dennis positions locked down. I'm with the The now. You better play your block now. My gatin average day a thousand I major league. I make you play my an bueno. We play no games with you niggas 'cause you small press. I clap you in your hallway, run you for all your riches while bumps fucking all your bitches. I play the back press playback. you know that my team want to hear that they blood thirsty certainly kiddo who hurt me. My Made Men worthy putting slugs through your derby. But he don't make you for though.


You're all done. Go trust a nigga in the back while you right a shotgun. Wild from now. Skill to kill when the beat spill sparking to a windmill. Coldhearted feel to chill in a nationally known nationally recognized locally accepted from my pizza in the streets. 'cause they know I rep it. Don't get caught in the path of something. That is being made something hell raised. Bread to twist the nigga sideways. It's wild. All over. They starting out young. the show coming. Hell come. They kicking dust from the South's. Dirty. Dirty up north. It's filthy. The east is a jungle. The west is wild. Feel in So. I spit the hot shit like Glock Cliff Syman. You feeling them receiving what? Dispressed from the other end. Jesus got the strength for 20 men high off the head. Got no other way to live my life but living this sin.


'cause Rosemary's baby got the devil With this I may get hot When. you wanna blow the spot or say The and Made Men nigga. Boom. That was Tommy. s Theme off the belly. Soundtrack. Made Men in The. Brand new old music. Go get that. you know it's an old it's fire though. Fire back and forth kissing styles for my conversation earlier. No doubt. And shout to style. So we happen to walk in while I was being replayed record. Yeah. Perfect Timing. That was fire. All right, I'm playing new, new music. This is Killer. Mike and Anthony. Hamilton. NOBODY. KNOWS. Killer Mike. I be coming.


I the guard like I'm back again man told me tighten end up. But I got Slack again. Nerve bad like I'm back to seven Crack again. Money brought some factors out and back. But what happened when depress say I'm back again and getting even then ain't no now I'm all the things that I be rapping back all the buildings iPing in the bluff. Yeah, that's me. I got, I think about When. I was, and I was rolling Rock. I sold a product that my mama So I from Coca-Cola I don I, I'm on a path and I don't know where I'm going.


Talking to God, Mr. Mighty all knowing I'm gonna say it even though I know you know it. I got some people that I probably should avoid. I did some things that keep me un paranoid. I'm going blank. I'm just trying to fill a void. My junky auntie do the same with opioids. Rise up, be heroic, better be moving with your wisdom of the stoics, my transformation undergoing and it's showing Steady going people sewing Ain't So.


I could ride him by that evil. Like I'm going on seen the traffic scene. The pimp seen the Ho Horn. I took the pressure from the and wrote the beautiful Amen. Thank the Glory As Killer Mike and Anthony Hamilton NOBODY KNOWS Off Killer Mike's new album. Which is phenomenal as always.


It is, It is It is all, excuse me. All the songs like Choir, There's a lot, there's a lot of choir on there. That Shit sounded good. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm definitely checking that out. Shoots Killer. Mike. Yeah Definitely. That was crazy. Yeah, I like that. Anthony. Hamilton might be on the list of top hook dudes of all time too. We should do that one pod. Yeah. Figure out who That is. Just know Nate Dogg is number one big. Absolutely else. We're fighting for LeBron now. Bronze and silver. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. For Sure. Y'all gonna be mad at my, what are my picks? I'm gonna tell you now. Who We know? Yep. We the pastor. Troy? No. Oh. Big Ave. Max B. That's not bad. All that's not bad. Alright. What you said. Okay Mel everybody About Gang money.


Yeah, let's get sleep. My sleeper is free Max Free wave. Isaiah Falls and click-Clack Gold on my teeth. You got paid for this. Ain't someone play this girl? Huh? This did. Somebody I don know So I better stop taking bail on How Think ish this Alright she for Dish. Hold this Downish. We love you. You Wait ish played this. He played two weeks ago. This Two weeks He played this Weeks ago. Yes. Yeah. It's fine though. It's fine. No It is jam again.


It is still slapping. Stop it. Stop it. I got another one. Oh. Shit. She she. Oh she didn't want now here or something? No You was here. I was. You was here. you right here. He was right There actually. Yeah. You was in the back with a stomach. She Probably shazamed it that That's what happened. Yeah. Had tummy pains in the back. She Shazamed it and then said you know I'm gonna make this my sleeper. Fuck that. I don't Have girls Got it good. You can't even say nothing. Nope. Nope. Mm nope. Shut right the fuck up. All right As a man, watch what happened. When. I go to work and say I gotta a cramp. Stretch out. Athletes can't say they gotta cramp and they gotta Run. You can't say nothing about cramps. Do you guys remember the episode where I hooked you guys up to that machine? Yeah But we was potting. Oh brother, It's it's called Good Potting. Okay. Yeah. You guys sleep at the it never play or not.


You had the man, you haven't had the man flu. We don't need to do anything else. It's called Ready by board and Rondo. Mo. Oh. Ish still put me onto that song. Fucking you told about that record a couple weeks ago too. Something. Oh this definitely sound Like It is my favorite ish song. You put? Yeah, you ain't played some shit That sound like you fucking in the grass With the incense burning. Yeah. Like what The fuck? When the mushrooms Kick in On the grass with the bugs biting us Fucking You on the grass.


I'm baby my ass. Mosquito bites on over your titties. Oh man, They don't stop. Is this 40? Huh? No, that was me giving you some room for the vocals. Oh Yeah. Oh no, no I'm done. That's no feature. I Love that feature. Yo Beat When. you push me pussy so nice. Andy. I like like what the fuck It Is music.


Oh She's natural. Armpit stew. Yep. Natural Over Crystal. And then your girlfriend knocked on the door while I was sleep on the couch. I had to make my way out Like this. Quiet as a mouse. You were in my blouse. Boy. I had to bounce from you, From you, from you, from you. I still Got it. I looked in my own. No, Shannon sound like Al's nephew Go sleep with The troll.


And then I went to the pool. Boy it felt so cool. The chicken Got. it done Y you made me some chicken and you did some lick. I fucking hate you Guys. And this Who's Licking me then you chickened me. Barbecue jerk chicken wings. I didn't know how you bit them. Me, but you chickened me. Oh man. Chicken, Chicken, chicken, chicken, chicken. Oh I love that chicken. Your face was made.


The stone fell off the bone. It was so soft and pussy falling off the bone. Oh that pussy Ready to close. This one still up. That was bored. Rondo Mo and Joe Biden ready for some chicken. Way to go. Mel. Way to go. Good shit. Mel. That was a great, that was a great good job Guys. Slept on that one for Real. Yeah. Flip had some flip, had some backgrounds in there.


you know man. Yeah, I'm from Queens, You know that. That's true. That's True. Yeah. No that was amazing. We definitely slept on that one. That was great. Pod today. Great start to August. Facts Entertainment. Baby August. Got here fast. Try to press me outside August. Got here fast man. Listen, hey, hey big man. Yeah, she's shazaming. Hey tap it. I just down. Her foot is off. Slow down. Rhythm. Her rhythm is low. She like this.


Sorry. Beat. Beat. Find a beat girl. Ever since you said it. I paying attention. Do miss the beat. It's not missing it. Mel don't have no rhythm. All you fine though. It's fine. Tap, tap still. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3. Listen the same in women and the one shadow. 1, 2, 3. There you go. Too much juice. Too much. Hey, too much juice Too much yo. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You a do farewell Adio, Reba, dichi, ota, AVO. So long. Goodbye. Or a simple head. Nos suffice.


Remember, life is a series of moments and moments past. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have again. Rest in peace. DJ Polo for show, Chino Excel, rest in peace, Chino, Excel. We love you going too soon. Anybody? Any fun weekend plans? Anybody? Mel still learning how to dance. Girl It is over. It is over girl. I am sitting here doing Absolutely trying to catch the beat because you, yeah, her new balance is confused as hell and she got the grandma New Balance on. Anyway. Anybody doing something fun this weekend? Anybody doing so fun? This outside Man Road trip. Little road trip. Me and Miss and Peace gonna hit the streets a little bit. Hey, hey Jersey or New York?


Jersey? Okay. Fuck with New York still. Oh whoa. That was a Little aggressive. Whoa. Oh don don't party in New York. Yeah, me and my baby D wife, he'll be back in like a couple weeks so Stop that. That's that money shit, nigga. Bitch, stop. Hey y'all hold it down out there man. Be safe yo. They saying that Ozempic now cures cigarette smoking every week. They gonna tell y'all something new that Ozempic does. I seen the commercials now. It is scary. No it's scary. I ain't know they was really shopping that shit like that. Now they got, they got commercials. They go Please be careful out there. Stay safe.


The street health before wealth, peace, love, health, wealth and prosperity to each and every one of y'all out there. Man. Damn. I might be in owls this weekend man. I forgot to get to my Sonos bows conversation. Have a picture. Hey we do that Patron. We'll see, we'll see. We got a legend in the building. So. I wanna talk to him. That is, That is facts. I don't know if I wanna talk to him about Sonos and fucking Bowls but we Know been Speaking the Luxe. I might be starting with a apology. I'm starting with an apology. When, you sit down so alright. Yeah. It is something you need to apologize but don don't know what It is but I know mine. I support that. Yeah. Yo, y'all hold it down out there. Remember beautiful women, beautiful women.


The doorway should not curve. The microwave should not curve. The floor should not be crooked. You should have pores. come on man. come on man. That's move. God damnit. Y'all are some of y'all out there went and got that extra extra nose job too And the chin job. Yeah. Some of y'all got too much work. Yeah, It is some of y'all that I fucked when y'all was thick. Y'all done went and got skinny. I I might need to double back. Some of y'all be fine. When, you get skinny. It's like nah, I gotta fuck this version of you too. Yeah. Too much juice. Too much. You paid too much juice. Too much. Bless your damn girl. Too much juice too. Too much, too much, too much, too much.


Hold it down out there. We'll be back. Same time, same place next week. JBP Man y'all know the fucking vibe Daisy. You go ahead and piss on that couch like you do in the hallway. I triple dare you. I triple dare you. That funny to you ma? Man It is ridiculous. That funny Ma. You can doc you laughing. Yo. I You can dock with this. Don't come here. Thrown into the Hudson dog. Right Inbox Mel. You have to clean up your dog piss and shit. You do. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Shut up. You don't stop the narrative. You let the lady out there clean it. My girl that be pushing child to. As for walking a dog.


Damn. Shout to As for my girl. For walking. For walking. Mel dog. For walking. Mel's dog. J-B-P-J-P. Yes sir.