
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show. Oh, I didn't know for real. The Moochie Greek dropped. How you didn't know Moochie dropped. That's crazy. What you been doing? You've been under a rock. Yeah. You ain't know that Keanu Laday dropped. Nah would. Why would I know that? Come on, man.


Where you fuck you been at? I'm tell You. I didn't know that Big Ucci Grape dropped. But anyway, go ahead. Yo Dog. You didn't know that Gibbs dropped Freddie Gibbs. I knew it was dropping I didn Know that. But you didn't know that it dropped. No. No I did Not. That's what I'm saying. I missed that. Those are the two that I missed. I caught everything else. Your Music slider gotta come down. No, it don't. No, no, no. I don't. No, it don't. To not know that Gibbs dropped. You think your music slider Got it? You. You knew Big Moochie Grape dropped? Yes. What's the name of the project? Oh, I don't know. I just seen Big Moochie grape and got super excited. Well, the name don't even matter. The name of the project don't matter. That's an automatic Who even Automatic. That's an instant cop. As soon as you see him, That's an instant cop for me. Bong per purchase.


come on. come on now. Instant cop Yeah Man. Who? Big Moochie. Don't Worry about it. It's all right. Ish Legend. Exactly. It's all right, Ish. There you go. That's cool. I mean, I know 'cause I wake up at whatever time I wake up on a Friday and I do still get that nerdy geeky. Ooh, let me see what's there. 'cause I never know what's there. Right. Until I go and look and see what's there. Right. And some days you get let down with a whole bunch of electronic music and gospel music. Some of y'all goss. Not the gospel niggas alternatives. Some of y'all got some interesting covers. Like I like just looking at covers and weird names and pressing sample on some shit.


That'd be some weird shit going on. Like all right outta here. I just been Seeing nothing but 30 year reissues. Saw a white snake album up there. I was like, Yeah man. Yeah man. And some days you get a treat like this morning. A lot of shit. A lot of shit. Yeah. Jais. I had no idea Jais was coming. I'm really excited about that album. The name of This shit is some shit like bedtime fucking or something like that. Something I'm into. All right. Listen, anytime somebody I like with a voice say some shit they like, they aim their album something like bedtime. Fucking, yeah. It is my favorite place to do some fucking, I like some couch. Fucking in the bed. Couch. Fucking any if I gotta leave the bed, it's a task now.


It's a task for me. It is, I'm sorry. Cool. I'm sorry I I like the bed. I do, I do. It's a good place. Now. If you caught me in my thirties, in my twenties, I was into some wild shit. We on the roof, in the ceiling, all types of wild chicks. It's in ceiling. Bathrooms In the ceiling. Yeah, In the ceiling. In the ceiling lot. Fucking right at that little gym on 46th Street Ass car. Hump The car, the Saturday, the The car humps. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The Car Hump is trash. Super. The shower Or trash? Trash. It's over. Oh my God. Supremely overrated. Peer pressure. The peer pressure growing up. Dangerous. Yeah. All that shit that we too over for that shit. It looked fly when Patrick Swayze did it. Yeah. Yeah. And the movies.


The movies. Fuck it up. Yeah. The movie's fucking Up. I got in the shower, almost killed myself. Slip three, Three times. Yeah. So I'll take It. is one slip three Times? Yeah. You think it's over on the, on the cast up? It's old. Yo. It's over. Yeah. But yo, you kind of good though. You five seven. You could like get up Under it. I'm 6 1, 1 and two. I'm clumsy. And I always, always been clumsy and never not been clumsy. Yous Clumsy as a kid. I've always been clumsy. That's why I think I could get in the shower and be sexy. Attractive. I think clumsy is a Lifetime at, you know how much shit is in there. Bubbles, conditioner, shampoo.


Yeah. Big bar soap, loofah, rag, man. All of these obstacles. Conditioner residue. And she five three you gotta get up under. Yeah. Then she Got it. Har All In. The way she tasting like dove while you trying to kiss them. You eating soap. Soap bubbles. All In your nose. Fuck. Then you ain't just, you ain't the smoothest on the insertion either. Now that's the hard part. That's the hard part. My big ass leg up. That's hard. Now you done slipped 'cause you stepped on the bar soap. Now she gotta pick you up off the towel. Like I don't, no.


I'll come in the bed. I, I concur. Sorry for starting this way and trigger warning to anybody that almost lost their life. The same exact way. All it take is one time to lose your life. To value life. True. That's it. Like the pussy ain't that hold, Run that back one time. To lose your life. To value your life. All it Take is almost one time. Lose your life. Devalue almost in there. Life. You fucked me up for a minute. It's cool. Y'all Caught up. Yeah, no we good. Now you put the, you put the almost in there. All right. Now don't act like y'all went to a Harry Moore. That was the slow school in Jersey City.


How you know? Because you had to know. Took you over there. What? Harry? Harry and Sons. You had to know when you bumped into some of that, yo, something's off about this guy. Hey, when you went to school, it ain't a Lincoln or Snyder. That Nigga be mad strong too with a, yeah, A Harry Moore. That was the first time everybody was Curry Woods. Curry Woods. That a Harry Moore. Them niggas is coming first before you get to the projects. Oh, this is so fucked. Y'all Oh Shit. And nobody out there knows what I'm talking about. Yeah. I'm glad. Mic check. Mic check. I'm glad they don't shout out to y. All listening.


All over the crazy. Every hood got a slow school. That's a fact. That Is a fact. And I do think It is your responsibility to know what that school is in case you bump into one of them. A, I don't think we had one, but we had one. We had the floor. They went to the same school. No, they, You was in the school. That's Why you just ain't know it. This should been a lot of things. It don't strike me everything slow even. I ain't Gonna say that. Yo. Nah, the third and I don't think this is my slowest like offensive. The third floor. Yo. Them be the niggas. That's brilliant. Some of them. Them be the niggas.


Yeah. Putting formulas on the gray mats. Got it talk. You good. Me. You went on a whole 10 minutes about Harry Winston. And now you Gonna ask me am I good? You won part of the month. Oh man. Oh Yeah. Clap it up. One part of the congratulations. Finally. Yeah, you ain't got He ain't you? There you go. But he did smoke that Motherfucker. I haven't had a good mother. Oh. There you go. Nigga don't start nigga There. You. What the fuck he talking about? Yo, why you can't just take a compliment? You wasn't a Compliment. That is how I compliment Backhand shit.


That's style of a compliment though. Ain't that good? I'ma give it up. Come on. We did. We We clap for him. We did. Oh, all right. It was genuine then. Can we Get This? shit, look, now you Got it out for me. Look what y'all did. I'm look what y'all did. Look what y'all did. I now I'm the farthest thing. Oh. Now I feel like I'm back in. Gangsters love karaoke. Oh yeah. That shit switched up real quick. That nigga said gangsters love Car. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all keep promoting it Hot. Go ahead. I saw the little video and it Looked like a lot of dude, a lot of fellas. Sword Fest. Lot of fellas. You Went. I did not go. I saw his story and I was like, isn't that girls like karaoke?


Yeah, but when the bad is like the girls, she coming behind him. Yep. Yeah. No I get that. I get that Promotion 1 0 1. Mm No, she's been too busy with her Po. I have. Yes. Yes. Yeah. She can't Thank You. Thank you Thank you. I appreciate It. come on. That was a sturdy 29 minutes. You know. Suck a dick. Okay. A yo It is, It is not my day. It is Sure the fuck is it. You keep it up buddy. You keep It Is, It is not my day to today. Sturdy. That's what I'm getting from the crew. What's wrong with you? Oh man. This guy. Yo. Okay, okay, okay.


Okay. Keep It up buddy. You better watch it Buckle up so we couldn't get a speech from it. Can we get a speech from you Thank? you Ricky. Why is self a life bitch? Y'all fuck You right? Hey, my shades ain't far. He might need them Coke. My shades are not far. I'm just letting you know. My best friend. That's my best Check. one. One Check. one, two, one. That's my best.


Still rolling with me. She gonna, she wherever you might be listening from. Swag nigga. Boot Jedi groceries. He don't let hold Jersey. Whatever. Put New City. Supply your bitch. I got pistol people. What's good?


My nieces hanging with the beat. Another entrepreneurs out there cameras for the nigga. All the out nigga mistreat Best. That's my best. I mosquito all nigga. Catch Catch. And that's my best. My best. My best friend nigga.


SMI Six. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. One three foot mode. I got to buy from Jim but I had wish a motor up. What up, what up, what up? This bitch name all the, yeah, I just told her make story. A lot of people celebrating right now. A lot of people happy right now. Yeah. I told her Stab. I told her stop telling everything she seen and told I gotta, I told her Don't do that ma. Act like Cindy Lauper's on.


come on, Come on. I just Up. come on, let's get a head going. Act like Wilson Phillips is on. Come on out. I had the trenches and I had beat a few bodies. Like Boo Och had to this like Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How y'all Feeling good here. Everybody good to hear. I'm just checking. Come.


Alright man. We got a great show lined up for y'all. Shout to the family and friends and thug. You gotta feel good right now.


Life down. I'm living too. Well. The money can put around and no ahead. I can't turn it down. It's Friday. I might have to move around tonight. I might have to move around tonight. I don't know. My favorite bartenders is running around in Fas. I might take a break also. If you go and run around in a faja, please make sure It is a new faja. Yo. You know I seen some outfits this week and I ain't gonna lie to y'all this week. Lot of limp balls on these fucking fas out there. It is disrespectful. And if you wearing the faja with the plates and it bitch go home with the plates.


Don't worry about it. They know what I'm saying? Protective plates protect. Where are they? When the fire is not enough, they go inside of the faja. Is it like boning? That's when you're, that's when you're hugging like Robocop. For real. All shit like bulletproof shit. It is Bon It is just the faja. Some is the fa with the shit and side of it. Okay. And they have different size plays depending on what procedure you got done. Fuck. They try to get some hops Trying to get some Bonus. You are wearing the faja with the plates in it and you are at the party.


Just go home. It's not worth it. Fuck they trying to get. It is not worth it. Trying To get they muscles up. No Shit. Got on a weight vest. Fucking What? Shit come with string shoes. I. Hope everybody had a real good Halloween and all that. Rest in peace. Clark came rest in peace. B King T. tell you me because I voted down.


Put you on Mel. Act like this is Cher. Oh My God. Covid stole that record from us, man. What do you mean? This record did not get what it was supposed to get because we were shut down. Mm. Had we been able to go outside that summer when this was out? Oh Yeah. That would've been The. Summer. Track Got. it The Summer Track. The summer bop The banger.


Yo. Way to clean it up. Yo, that would've been a summer track. Yo. What a fucking goof. All right, let me get these drops out the way real quick. So happy to be here with y'all today. Keep the applause going for the greatest cast in the world and us.


Alright, what episode is this? 7 72. Welcome to episode 7 72 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by Fueled By Powered by PrizePicks. Here. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, and happy to be here. Host Joe Button with a few really good people.


To my right. Melyssa Ford is in the building. Father Hot and unbothered. Hey. Huh? Very Unbothered. Hey. Oh, when people say that they bother. What? What's bothering you? So shooting? No, Like I really am unbothered. Oh. At, at at, at least for the moment. Trust me, I will find something to be bothered about within about Five minutes. I'm sure. Okay. Okay. But carry on. Alright, well Melyssa Ford is in the building to her right. Elizabeth's finest. Hum. Woodbridges finest king. Wawa issues in the building. Yeah. Speech Nigga bitch.


Speech, speech, speech, speech. Speech. Speech. Speech. You're supposed to speech. Yeah. This is what you do. Your speech ain. Better. Get the fuck out my face. Yo. Go ahead. That's what you gotta say to them. Damn, that's ungrateful shit. Damn. You say Thank, you nothing. God voted you outta the mouth. It ain't a gimme. No ake. You had to work. I'm Joe. No, no speech. Oh he used that to promote This shit. That's why he said ake. I see what you did. I see what you did. You got your new ake line on. I see. Lemme see it. Yo dog. It say ake and they tell you how to pronounce it. What's wrong with you? I can't see. Lemme see it. Show the hoodie. That's an hoodie. It's all right my brother.


It's a hoodie. Yo. Can I have my hoodie please? You Got it. It is the Worse. He was one. Bring it my, my apologies. It's all right. My brother next to Ish. Huh? Big freeze in the building. Not Potter of the month. Nope. Not. Not. Yo. You on your shit today. It's cool. It's cool. Yo Flip is not here with us today. Which only accentuates how immature I am when he's here. Lead into it. I be smooth but ah, gotta turn it up a little bit.


El i's finest. Parks is in the building. Yeah. All right. Ian is here. Hopefully without his Twitter feed. Jules is here. Corey is here. PO is here. Wan is here. Lot of orange. Lot of orange on a lot of Mansion. I mean lot of mansion going, lot of money. Hey, I saw you brought out your finest Canadian tuxedo. you know what I mean? I guess this would qualify. It does. It fucking does. This would qualify as A Canadian. Sit next to a Canadian. I like it. Oh man. It's true. That's funny son. It's true. That's hilarious.


Ericsson is here. True man. Tanner is here. Avon is here remotely. And most importantly, each and every one of you guys out there are here. What's up gang, gang, gang, gang. What's? Hey, what's up? How was your Halloween? Super uneventful. Unfortunately. It looked like it was lit outside. I Was getting ready to say it was 80 degrees in New York and Halloween. Yeah. And Holes. Yeah. They was Out. And everybody, all of us are in relationships. So we did be outside And she was with me. Rat. No, no, no. I've been having a blast. But I mean you just gotta separate the end relationships from She was with me.


It's two different, it's different. It's two different things. So did any of you dress up? Okay. No, I dressed up. That's what I heard. You just wore a mask. That's not really dressing up. That's dressing up. Mm. Did the suit match the No, I didn't have the makeup guy come over and make me Freddy Krueger. Like okay. Okay. Like the girlies be, y'all are extra. Y'all be there for 12 hours. Char, they look cute. Contouring everything. Listen, all of that was Spirit Halloween. We, we, we went right to Parameters. We Tried to go to Spirit Halloween. The line was around the block. I'm like, I'm cool. What the fuck is Spirit Halloween to the store? It's the store. It is a popup where people purchase Halloween costume from.


Yeah, it's a bunch of 'em everywhere. Like they pop up. Yeah, it's like a chain. Gotcha. Yeah. So anyway. Yeah, they told me I that listen, my, my dear friend and homegirl said to me, Hey man, please do me a favor. If you're coming to the Halloween party tonight, which is the day before Halloween, please just wear a costume, Something, anything. Right, Anything. Yeah. come on Joe. Please do it for me. And because I'm such an amazing friend, I did it. So you went and bought a mask? I went to Spirit Halloween. Me and my baby walked in there with all the fucking dusty ass kids. And the hostile, hostile workers picked up the last Freddy Krueger in there.


Here comes homie that works there. Hey, that's the last one. So thanks Thank. you and I Got it. It's mine now. And I'm gonna purchase it. And now I don't even know if I want to be Freddie but I ain't putting it back. Yep. So I'm gonna hold on. So I carried Freddie with me around there as he was ice grilling me. Then I went over to some other masks and shit. I seen the Squid game guy. I think that was or whatever. I was just, I wanted to have that shit on. I wanted to be fly and then just put on a mask to appease my friend. So I picked up the Squid Games mask and the other little, I did a bad, bad thing mask. Like some black suede ghost looking faceless mask. Then I bought a mask that didn't even have eyes.


It was just a silver looked like some alien shit. I bought like nine masks. Okay. Okay. From Spirit Hollywood. Hollywood. My baby took Hollywood. Yes. You see Spirit Hollywood. My baby the whole time was screaming, babe, what am I gonna do? What am I ain't gonna wear? Help me with it. I was outta there on her totally ignoring her. But after I got my nine mask, I went over there to the girly section, found a extra large something. Now all of the girly Halloween outfits were made to sexualize women for sure. Oh yeah. That's the Halloween sport spirit. Halloween was objectifying the women. Duh. It was the French maze.


It was the sexy nun. I thought Fenty was sponsoring This shit. I thought it's not quite that. She picked some shit out that it was the last extra large deer. I thought that shit would fit like a glad bag over her big ass. But it didn't. That shit started sitting things up, poking shit out. I'm like bitch, sit down now. Like what type of fucking are you a cop? You guys Do a little matching Oh? yeah. you Mean I'm getting ready to break the law? You could've got the orange jumpsuit. Now I get that. That's the first song I played on the a. I got in the car Miss Officer. Huh? Like A Kaka. So now I get to be corny all night and say shit like, Hmm, I'm ready to commit a crime around you.


You look so good. I'm ready to jaywalk. Jaywalk Is legal now. And New York has made jaywalking. Legal. It is legal. Give it up, give it up, give it up. Give it up for the people that like to hit people with their car. Hey, somebody got to die if I go. You gotta go. Don't you be one to hit a pedestrian. Yes. Every Once in a while. Yeah. Sometimes. Yes. Like monthly, Daily, huh? Yeah, every other, every other day. Daily. I'm gonna learn y'all niggas that cross the street brave like I used to. No you Aren't nigga. You're not one of these days. Nah, no you nope I am. No you're not. No you're not. I hit that nigga on a bike a few years, A few years ago in Harlem. I told you what you did.


My bad. His back tire two years off. I smacked somebody in St. Thomas. Yeah. Refer to the tag. They did not hit any pedestrians. That's true. You. right. I didn't. I hit a bike that the pedestrian was on right at the back time and then I booked it. St. Thomas. You cool. Don't do it in Miami during spring break like Danny LA and them be doing. Oh Come on God damnit. If you just do it at home where you know the streets and can't get caught up in traffic congestion. You know that first right. To me. Yeah. You could get outta there on them after you hit a pedestrian. That shit is fun.


Keep crossing the street like you niggas is bulletproof. This guy's a fool side. I'll smack somebody at St. Thomas You right on the other side. No, I'm not gonna do that. Country. Your judgment get judgment for y'all for a little bit. Riding The other side. Oh yeah. That's why I won't drive in London. Oh. If I drive in London, nine niggas dying that whole steering wheel on the other side with the roads that's shaped like croissants. Yeah. Them roads is Crazy. Them roads is croissants. Them roads is on a dock somewhere. It's different. It's definitely different and shit. Be mad narrow. Super cobblestoney. People pull Up on the sidewalk to get by. Shit. All You gonna die on them.


Docs on the last Dateline homie. Homie went to jail. White dude, they went on a hike. Him and his wife. That's always the way Shank. I start that come back. It is tough. Wait, which One didn't come back? She The wife. She didn't. She didn't. The wife tripped. It's always her that doesn't come back Because y'all won't shut up sometimes. Hey now let's come on, let's get a selfie. Get your hiking here. No, get a selfie right there. Go back, back up on the cliff. On the cliff. Oh my god. The sunset right there with you. Oh man. Oh damn it. My wife some, some crimes we gotta steal from the whites. Black people don't try that shit 'cause we just don't hike. Yeah, we don't go out there fucking with it. I just let her keep going through the phone.


I just, I just, I'm black so I just deal with This shit. Them whites. Hey honey, 3:00 PM Tuesday we're taking a trap mountain club. They be killing the shit outta they water. Got the nut. Yo you are fools son. Two more steps back. Oh the sunset baby bomb babe. It's a little windy. One more step. Then I've been busy in the house with work, which means she get to watch shows that she watch watching. I don't watch. So she watching some shit called found. And every now and then I, I peek up at the TV and give it a look.


I ain't gonna kill it. I ain't gonna kill it 'cause it's a lead black actress. And she's clearly very serious about whatever she's saying in there. She is dramatic. So every time you look up she's wailing her arms. She's stressed 'cause somebody got kidnapped. The geeky dude by the computer. Every time I look up he crashed out and they gotta take him to the hospital. But he come back and they rely on him for information. So that's funny. Apparently this is like about kids that got kidnapped, that escaped and now they kidnapped the kidnapper. Yeah. Okay. And he's helping them solve the crimes.


But every time I look up, they don't find nobody. Now my my girls say they find somebody every episode. I ain't seen it. You ain't see that part yet. Yet. And in the one episode I did see young black girl in the car trying to trick, trigger warning, trying to do the carbon monoxide trick. That old trick, the trick in the car when you had enough of life and she tried to carve him monoxide. So now the lead black actress gotta stand there and talk her out of it. Right. She ain just opened the garage. So she's talking out of it. No, her white partner came and went straight to the garage thing to try to take the metal rod out and opened the garage.


He took 45 minutes to do that. Boy was I having a blast? Yo, my girl is really into This shit. This is the dumbest yo. He took 45 minutes. I'm like, oh, she about to die. So the black girl talk outta the, hey, it's not worth it. Life is, but in the middle of the speech the girl died. She go, ah. Oh my God. I said, hey, she died fast. The whole show is sped up. Like they pressed forward 1.5. So she died. They opened the garage. Get her outta there. Do some CPR. I said to my girl, come back if she, if she, she the one.


I did this girl, I did this girl to be alive. Yo, I Trimble dear this girl to be alive right now. Boy don't. Sure enough, she started coffee, she was alive. Oh man. Anyway, that's not what we're starting at. Holy shit. We starting with thug. Gotcha. For Sure. Of course we starting with thug. Thug is free. Let me hit the round of applause. Let me hit the round of applause. There we go. Yes, thug is free, Thankful and honorable under God. Thank God. 'cause y'all was beating me down with your Meg doc opinions the whole day. Boy I couldn't wait for the next news cycle.


I was praying that alien come down. Anything, anything happened. Murder on the train, please. Anything. Thug is free. Thank God. Forgot all about that damn doc they kept talking about, which we will get to later. Gentlemen, Let's start with that. Congrats. Let's start with congratulations. come on. I'll clap it up again for him. I'm sure his family and loved ones could not be happier. I really enjoyed all of the Mariah scientists on her way to Fulton County to pick up thug memes. Those were great. They were funny. Those were hilarious.


So what happened here? He's got, he's sentenced to 40 years, five years time served. 15 years. I'm not reading this. I'm off the dome. 15 years probation. 20 years on the back end if he violates said probation And his probation is what? You can't go to Atlanta for 10 years. Those Are just, That's just some of them. Yeah. He can't go to Atlanta for 10 years. He's banned And he's gotta do community service. 4, 4, 4 community service. Service Per year. And, and I think he's gotta do like a hundred hours a month or Shit. And he's gotta do some benefit concerts. Yeah. He can go to Atlanta for that A hundred hours a month. Fuck out. It Was something like that. I forgot what it was.


We're going, we're freestyling, but He, let's see, to do four charity events a year. Thug released stipulations. Young Thug can't make gang related music. It's banned from Atlanta for 10 years and has to do a and has to do four annual anti-gang presentations, con slash concerts for Atlanta. Young Thug cannot have contact with gang members or co-defendants other than brother and gunna. Technically it's a 40 year sentence, which he had to serve. And I'm getting some act had to serve the first five years in prison. But commuted to time served, followed by 15 years of probation. Also, there's a back loaded 20 years we said that. Which would be served in custody if he fails probation.


All right. That's, I mean, it's a lot, it's a lot of wins. It's a lot of wins in there. Like the, the judge clearly saw what the state was trying to do and the judge looked at it as this is some bullshit. Judge let him keep his passport. Judge allowed him to travel for, for music, understands he has other residences, other studios. So they didn't really, they weren't as hard on him with the conditions. It would've been hard for them to do that. 'cause you can't take away his ability to make a living. And travel was a part of his ability to do that. I mean, I feel like they could have if they wanted to, to, but It would've been fight it. Yeah. I mean the first, the, the main thing was what they agreed to or what they were close to agreeing to in the, the plea deal that he was about to make with the state.


They were comfortable with him leaving that that same day. It was just the conditions that they couldn't agree on. Yeah. Yeah. And then they try to tell the judge, nah, we want him to sit for 20 and all this other stuff. So it's like, if you were, and the judge saw through, it was like, yo, if you were okay with him going home a minute ago, don't try to tell me to keep him there. So they said initially they offered him a plea that he did not take based on just some of the conditions. So I guess they went in and fine tuned the conditions and then they agreed to both sides. Agreed. But my thing is no, no, no. That's not what happened. What happened, there was no, both sides agreeing. They could not come to the agreement. So he went, he did a non negotiated plea, non negotiated plea is, I'm gonna plead guilty to the charges.


My team is gonna recommend what we think should be the, the penalty. And the state is, and the judge gets to make the decision and we just gonna go whatever the, the judge. Oh, got you, got you, got you. Gotcha. You gotcha. Okay. They couldn't come to terms. Got you. Okay. We're good. I think it's a setup. Me personally, I don't necessarily like it. I mean I never, I set up for what To go back. I never been in a position where I'm sitting in somebody's jail. So I I, I mean I've been to jail before, but I haven't been to jail, you know, for a long period of time. Facing 20 years and I've been to jail facing life. I think that the 15 year probation, and if you violate any terms in your probation, you go do 20 years. I think it's a setup. Like I know, I don't know all the stipulations to his shit, but a lot of times you can't be around felons if you grew up how we grew up, being around felons is normal, unfortunately.


Yeah. You get what I'm saying. And so some of the stipulations are damn near booby trap for you to go spend 20 years in jail. But that's just the way that, that parole and prob and probation is really set up is for recent, you know, is for you to end up going back. That's My point. Tell him Mel. Yeah. Shut up. No, for real. This Guy. We'll get your glasses. No, I, I, so I just think some of that shit is a setup. I think that the state couldn't win and he can't risk a mistrial because now if you get a mistrial, we gonna retry you. I don't give a fuck if we gotta bring an undercover in here to sit on the jury, you gonna go to jail. Like, I just think he had to take his wins. If they are wins and just hope to, they'll be on a, the better side of the law.


Not big in jail is a win. It Of course a huge win. A thousand percent. Yeah, a thousand percent. So I said I can't, I can't judge his decision making. I never been sitting in jail with my life on the line and not, not just that they still allowed him to work. Whereas like you look at NBA young boy or something, he, he can't do shit. Can't travel, can't do shows. Like, you have to put a studio in your crib just to, to be able to do any recording. So it it's, it's a win. Also wind. It's a wind. It's, it's a win. Even though, you know, It is a trap, It is a trap like Doug, that, that's hard. 15 years is hard. 15 years is hard for a a, a square to do without breaking any law.


I Think the trickiest part is they said he can't make gang related music. Right. He can't. Yeah. He can't make I they Just leaves so much interpretation. It does, but I mean, I think if you don't go in there and just be mentioning certain shit You know what I mean. That's obvious. Yeah. Then, then I think he'll be fine. I think that's easy. I think that's the easy part. I think some of the other stuff be the harder part again, like being around felons, I don't know necessarily, you know, weed ain't Lee going every state. You get what I'm saying? So you might be in the wrong state with some weed now. You violated your pro your, your parole. Like, I don't know the real fine print. True. I'm just saying, I just look at it like there's some potential to be, be real. I agree with you guys as trap sentiment.


Gotcha. But you but you home. I do agree with that. You Home. Yeah. No. 'cause I was talking to somebody the other day and, and they, well whenever the news broke and they were like, you know, echoing some of the same things like, oh my god, he can't do this and he can't make gang related music and He can't do this, he can't do that. How's he gonna live? And the person, the person was in front of me, like really stressed, seriously like dead. Oh man, they fucked him. What's he gonna do? And as I pondered the answer to that, live better than most of Americans In the world.


Wasn't the people in the world. Yes. I was like, well he could obey the rules of the probation. Go live a get a legit job, which you have That pays well. Not be in communication with the people that are shooting at people. You already got you a lady. Go move to a nice quiet town, make love songs with your beautiful model singer. Some 8,000 Square foot shit with a pool elevator.


Millions of dollars and be happy. And as I said it, I was like, yo, that sounds so beautiful. Why people don't try to do that from the red. Like, yo, this regular dude shit. And I'm saying that in a box even because he's not a regular dude, but just a normal legal life. It is kind ain't as bad as niggas chopping up to me. I ain't I ain't gonna hold You when you got some bread too. That's what I'm saying. Right. Like, I don't want to be the guy that just, oh well where we're from, it's tough.


Do not talk to felons. Yes, I agree with that. It is but tough times to call for tough, tough Measures. Yeah. Yeah. You are correct. There was a time in my life when I could not keep my little young ass away from sale off court every time I was up there. Shout up my niggas. Yeah. But every time I was up there, somebody was getting jumped, beat up, shot, stabbed, selling something on it. we on a mission, let's go jump this block, let's go this. Then one day my mom was like, yo, don't do that anymore. Like, just stop doing that. It's like, wait. Huh. How, how, how can I not break in people's houses?


You just don't. No, for real ma. Like, you don't understand my likelihood that's what I do. You'll just stop doing that. And I just stop doing it one day. And life and life wasn't that bad. It wasn't the worst is all I'm say now. I ain't never been in it to the degree of what some of these charges indicate. But I don't think that young th I do think it's a trap. I do think think it's a trap. But I, I saw something that said his lawyer wanted to even fight that one. Fight all of that shit. I Heard that. But Guy been sitting in jail for what? It's gotta be five years. I'm assuming that the court keeps a better system than I do.


He got time served five. He been, he been there for like two and some change, But he got time served four or five years. However that works. Yeah. Okay. Jail bath is different from Got it Got it Got it. Regular math. Yeah. What I'm saying it's difficult to tell somebody that's been sitting for two and a half years to No. That even if I fight it, the loss is I could go to jail for The, well I'll still be sitting Of my days And I'll still be sitting. So 15 out here on Parole. Yeah. Or Life. Nah, the easy choice. Easy choice. And and my man, my man who got out, who y'all killed and kicked his back in gunna my man got out and, and kept the label where It is supposed to be Put out two monster.


My man came out and kept the music scene, kept smoking. Right. He kept it smoking for me upon my return. I just had a nice good talk with surf on the phone, on the balcony right now. He sounds great. It is doing great. Good spirits. Nice, healthy. But we just spoke about some of the advantages that come with getting a two, three year time out to just sit and reflect on what you was doing, how you was doing it and your, for your planning coming out. Right. So like He ain like, yo, we seen the prize space commercial in here. og you know what I mean? Yo, you going get you a bag boy and I'm stuck in here.


I'm coming, I'm coming out. But I'm like gunna kept This shit rocking. And now he get to build on the equity of, you know, the story. You know, hip hop, we love a story of this story and come home. I think if he never rap about a gang again, it's just gonna be fun for his fan base to figure out what he's saying. If he put, try to say a riddle. Even gotta be careful, careful. No, they, they trying to sift way. That's gonna be fun. Yeah. Fun. Gotta Be careful. Well how closely do you think he's gonna be monitored? I don't. And by who? You Know what I mean. Oh no, they're watching him rap, watching him. I was gonna say magnifying glass for Three years and I understand that, but how do you monitor somebody that closely to where you're going to be able to say, oh, you were here at this particular time with this particular person and they're a fell and da da da.


Like, you know, It is a real question. It ain't that hard. So what are you talking about? Like GPS monitoring and shit like that. That's barely tracks. Now each one of us are monitored and you watch too many docs for this. They fucking track phones. They, they go to, they go to the the, The phone is pinging off or something at all times. Yeah. They go to the shit in the sky and see what phone is by what phone. They'll have somebody on you stake out You in a club. The Fed Club wipe somewhere, somebody else card get everything around is a tracking us. He's watching social Media. He is very famous. It's easy to, Someone posts a Little picture of him about he's coming home. He's Atlanta's child poster child. Every restaurant he goes into, people gonna be taking pictures.


Him and shorty not gonna be able to eat for a year without, it'll be without cameras and shit in your face. It's not hard Track young though. That's not, that's not tough. That's Not the hardest thing. You think it, you think people don't know where you at. If, if you get an eye on you. That's why that's, that's the thing that the clout generation be missing. Right. Like all the clout is cool, but once the right eye get on you, that eye is on. You sure do with that what you will. But I don't want certain eyes on me at all. You. Right Bro. I was eating breakfast the other day, right. I'm eating breakfast dog. Dude is sitting there when I walked in like I guess they recognized me or whatever fam the dude is sitting there and he's at, I'm with my daughter.


Like I'm just playing with my daughter and I see the dude putting his phone up. I think he was taking pictures of video recording me or something. And you want to go smack the shit outta him at the table next to you. But you can't prove that they taking pictures of you. You get what I'm saying? Like that shit is a violation of your problem with my kid B. And you got your phone up like acting like, you know, and it was his girl's birthday like, yo dog, pay attention to your chick fuckers. You worried about me and my pancakes for a nigga stay over there. So he's a zillion times more recognizable than I am. And dog, they they not gonna be able to do nothing. They gonna know where they are at all times. At least the first year or two. That shit is a layup for them. Like they ain't, they ain't hard. Yeah, No I'm ba I understand that and like anticipate that the first couple of years.


Absolutely. But this is a 15 year probation sentence. I don't, I think the scrutiny will die down. Yes. But initially what? Yeah, first, first Couple of years. I mean The lawyer can even appeal some of the terms. Not now the ha greed. No. Yeah. And that's the thing you want and these, You Wanna walk out the door, sign your life, I mean your name right here. Like, But It is possible that after like seven years of like completely good behavior and adhering to all of like the stipulations that the lawyer can go back in and say, okay look. Yeah he's been seven Years Wallo just got his done. Like But. yeah but that's at their discretion. Right? No, it's, you know what I'm saying? It's at the state's discretion. I don't wanna speak about it like it's an impossible Feat.


It's not, it's not, it's Not. It does sound daunting. Just A stack deck fam life or walk the straight and arrow. I would be Doing no features. Yeah. 'cause because look, zero features again, if you don't like these stipulations, there are, there is a place where you can sit down and we can make, we can monitor you 24 7. Make sure you don't do nothing guys To do doing. Oh I'm coming home to do all the features. Nah, Fuck that What I'm coming home. Someone Take my little ad lib and put it on a little gang song and now I'm fucking in trouble. Shit. Nah no, No, no, no. I'm not talking like brown paper bag money features. I'm talking about I'm coming home to do features with gang. Yeah but not gang. 'cause you can't say gang. Yeah. But all of the people that were showing support, Nicki, I'm gonna get with her a thousand. Me and her got slaps. I'm right back to the slaps. Drake right back to him.


Right back. I'm right back to him. If I'm Drake right now, I might be at that nigga's house with some pancakes and fresh toast. Well he'd do that for everybody to come on yo whatever. So he's like an IOP in that way Because they don't be missing. Yeah. Stupid. So That part's that it's gotta be, it's gotta be under scrutiny. Yeah. From his team. Shit you see with Thug, Whatever you putting my vocal on I. gotta make sure that This shit is not I'm coming to get with Gunna You seen with Thug tweeting future. He told, he told Future y'all Metro and Drake and now I'm home. Yo. I said let's get it. No, I said this is a dub let's it be here at seven. Yeah. Everybody's getting a future for me. Yeah. I've been writing for however a long I've been going two and a half years.


I'm coming to get with all of my people that have been been lighting shit up. I am. And he got A lot to say. Now puts Lil Baby in an interesting spot. How so? Because he went out. 'cause Lil Baby has been the one continuing the fuck Gunner narrative. Okay. And the gun is snitch narrative. Okay. Only for thug to pop out and say, Hey, I need to work with people on my label. Well, Well So so now there's a peace treaty that gotta happen. What I is what I would think who, Who better to mediate that than the person that allegedly was the, the person that got ratted on. If he comes at home and says, yo, he didn't rat or he followed instructions or he did whatever I told him to do, then all is forgiven.


And if I'm gun, I don't know if I'm piecing up with nobody. So I just don't know. Oh no. If I'm gun, I might not piece up nigga. I'm, I'm too hot nigga. I'm too hot to to to piece it up. Thug. Yes. Sorry my man. But the rest of y'all no thug's my man that win against me. We gonna get to it. I'm not, I'm not piecing y'all need me at this point. Now this is the state case. Okay. He didn't have a fair case. Did it was state. No, but then, but then the recording that we was listening to off mic, it said that basically the fact that he didn't cop out to any of the murders or any of the other shit, like the stuff that they charged him with. Oh yeah. Let me play the clip from the least severe shit from my lawyer. Lawyer Thug absolutely won that plea deal for so many reasons. One, the prosecution got none of what they wanted.


When you think about what the charges were and what actually got pled to, and two, he saved himself some major civil liability. Let me break that down. So first off, prosecution had charged this man with eight counts. Two of them were very serious. Two of them were basically saying that for years you were the leader of a criminal gang that committed murders and all types of violent acts all over the city of the Atlanta. Those two charges, young thug did not plead guilty to, had he pled guilty to those, he would've gotten serious time. And all the victims of all of this alleged criminal street gang activity, including the families of the murder victims, could have sued him civilly in court and said, Hey, this man pled guilty to doing it.


Now he's gotta pay me. He pled Nolo contend rate. The judge accepted that plea. The prosecution said, judge, you should not allow a nolo contend plea on those two counts. The judge said, I am going to allow it. So he doesn't take the hit for being the leader of this criminal street gang for years and years causing all these murders. He exposes himself to no civil liability. What did he actually plead to when they arrested him? They found him around a bunch of people who they claimed are gang members. They found a bunch of codeine, weed, cocaine and some guns. And what they said is, Hey look, this is all street gang activity. And so what he said in court, the guns and drugs were around me. I'll take that charge.


I got mixed feelings. But his lawyer put on a masterclass and beat the shit outta the state. And the state feels stupid. They gotta feel like, I mean the state beat they themselves, all of that at the same time. You, right. Wrongest criminal trial in Atlanta history. And you and you and got and it was a circus and it was a dub for y'all. Yeah. Y'all wasted all the state and resources, madman hours, all of that shit. And y'all lost. And to answer, that's why you can't have them do a mistrial because they gonna come back and crack. And I'm just about to say OJ rules is still in effect. The next one of you niggas that get up there, oh yeah, they gonna fix y'all just for being man, Menendez brothers, you and Mel. That's why they're gonna watch him even more.


Oh, because they took this l They lost, they lost. We Got It egg In here somewhere. Yeah, That makes sense. That makes sense. That's crazy dog. Oh, but we gotta be mindful. Some people did lose their lives in this whole process. You know what I mean. Like the people that they are accused of, you know what I mean won't be want to be insensitive to them. 'cause I've been getting some of that shit too. Like people lost their lives, whether thug and them are responsible for it or not. People lost their lives. Someone want to be insensitive to that. I never want to be insensitive to life loss. But in speaking about the thug case, you can't just pin that on him.


I didn't, I didn't. So speaking about him beating these charges to me, don't necessarily say you're trying to offend the families of, or you're being insensitive to the families of victims. Like I don't, I don't That's that's slippery It is that's slippery. Once I sat down and, and and said, no, I'm not taking no plea. I'm fighting all these charges. I did not do that. I'm not responsible for these things. So I'm not the guy to decipher between the two. I haven't been handed the discovery. All I know is he's off. Yeah. For now. Indeed. And That is, hey someone, That is a celebratory moment for some, and to your point, maybe not such a celebratory moment for others.


And that's always gonna exist. Right? Like on the, but on the news, they kept talking about, I forgot the dude's name, but the dude that choked out homeboy on the train is his, today was his, is his first day at trial. And as they were speaking about him fighting his case and paying him as like ex-Marine and good guy, yada yada yada, they kept showing the video of the train incident. And all I could keep thinking was, now that's gotta hurt for the friends and family of this gentleman course to have to see this run on the news from 5:00 AM to 10:00 AM for the next Couple weeks. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So it's It is a blurry line. If I say something, he gonna shoot at me for the rest of the part.


Why you think he trying to shoot at you? Yo Mel said it. I didn't say it. Okay, I'll say it again. Who made the cheesecake that he was, that Ish was just eating And I said Ish made the cheesecake And both me and Joe looked like blink. Blink blank fucking stare. Why Men can't bake? No, absolutely not. I know quite a few male bakers and cooks that are incredible. I did not know that this was part of his repertoire. Yeah, no, I know a few pansies Myself. Did you wear the apron Kiss The cook. Yo, That's that issue. And, and that ain't even the funniest part.


The funniest part is ice. Knowing that Ish made the cheesecake. How you know He was there? Because I asked him, he Helped and he, he pulled the cheesecake out the fridge. I said, yo, that ain't store boy. He's a sous chef. Antoine. Look at him licking the cheesecake through his fucking teeth on the mic. Yo, what's wrong with cheese? That nigga getting the extra little cheese today. Yes. You made cheesecake. What you make Swedish fish Cheesecake. That's sour. Pat's cheesecake. Pink. Pink Starburst Cheesecake. Yeah. You're a fool. For real. Nah, I ain't make it. I Brought it in though. I ain't make it. Oh, Did wifey make It is why you like see you always go to extra steps.


You always take the next step. That is like, it's right, right. Did But we didn't. What's wrong with me making it? Tell me what's wrong with me making it. I I I personally see nothing wrong with it. And I am going to have a piece. Why would You be shocked? I see magic wrong with it. You Think only one nigga know I make chicken wings? No, I don't think that. I just don't really see you investing any of your time in the kitchen unless you're, I don't know, putting in a cabinet or something. Oh Shit. Oh. Shit. She said you could only bake cabinets. That's Sandra. That's what Sandra No, it's It is, It is alright.


Okay, okay. Okay. I'm gonna walk, I'm gonna walk it back. I'm gonna walk it back. Okay. You know you're a Misandrist, right? I am not a misandrist. Oh, there's no way that I could sit up in this room week in and week out being a misandrist. Sure. You, you guys are tripping. You do It. Let me ask you, you, you say I'm a misogynist. You don't think I could sit on a podcast with four other women and I'd be the only guy Week in and week out? I don know. I really don't know. I have no idea. Content hate when he gets you up. We would, we would have to. I hate when he gets you looked up. He got you. He didn't, you know, he could sit on a podcast with four other women week in and week out. But you won't cop to it because that, especially A lit podcast loses Argument.


Right. You as a misandrist, I don't even know the word can sit here with Define it right now. Bitches that hate niggas Ding That is exactly what it says in Websters. Yes. Ding. Bitches that hate you know what's wrong. What? That's your definition bitches. That ain't Niggas. Oh Man. Well what's the misogynist niggas? That ain't bitches. Hey there, I'm gonna stop saying that word so I'm gonna stop saying that. I'm gonna stop saying that word. I am. No, I promise I am. I've already Stopped. We had a whole jar. Yeah, I've already stopped. Well somebody stole all the money out the bitch yard. That was, that's disgusting. That is disgusting. Start dropping some bitches again. I'm gonna get that stash back up.


No, I'm about to stop. I am bitch hand nigga. Yeah, the nigga be going crazy. No, I'm gonna stop. It is disgusting. I ain't gonna stop that one. It is why you stop bitches in that nigga. I've never said the B word so that's easy for me. You don't even say it like have you stuck your toe? No. You can tell niggas that never got bitches. I've never said the B word. Not in my entire life. That's just Not a word that's in my V vocabulary. What'd you say when you step your toe? Fuck shit God Damnit. What you say when you made the whole roster happy and nobody know about each other. You just talk to all of them and they all Chilling. What'd you say then?


What? What? What roster? Have you ever carried a roster? You've never had a roster? No. I think that That is wonderful. Personally. Thank you? Yes. That ain't with a few from your roster. That is lying. That ain't what? A few from your roster said That nigga was a coach at one point. Who the fuck is you talking? I just, I just chose to believe him. Thank you. Because I have believe, we believe black men. Right? We exactly. Oh yeah. Okay. Panda. It's cool. Understand from Panda, you Don't believe anything from black men. What the fuck are you? You know what? You're not gonna start that narrative. I'll punch You right in your face. Oh, I'll punch You right in your face. Violence and violence. The threat of, do not put that fucking to a people on me black.


She wants to punch a black man in the face for just being expressive. Doesn't Seem right. No. Yeah. That's angry. Hmm. Angry. That's angry. What do you guys, what do you guys think? Like Young Thug comes home to Kevin. Lows not being at 300 anymore. Kevin Lowes, who took the stand for him, he comes home to a new music ecosystem for sure. Mm. Yeah. Whole world's changed damn near. And I mean, I want to jump the gun and say a ecosystem. That is probably trying to function differently than it did in Young Thug's heyday. I don't know if he's dealing with people that care like Kevin Lows taking, taking the stand.


That's Scary. And it got him highly emotional. It's Care. Kevin, Lowes and many people that care about the music and the musicians are no longer, are no longer so hands on. Do we think that that plays a part or has any effect moving forward? I think he's all right. He's established enough that he'll be Fine and he's, and he's talented. And the talent, I think the talent rise to the top. I think when you, that talented people that are lesser talented, they're the ones who need somebody that care a little bit more to do the extra for them. Thug has, I, I don't see him having any problem. Plus he has anticipation through the roof.


So whatever he dropped, they're gonna run to it. And like I said, It is a very talented person, so he's gonna be able to put something together that ain't gonna be no bs. How fast do you think he gets back to it? I think he might be. Do You think he takes some time off to chill, relax? No. Get with his loved ones. I think he's Gonna to take What's some time. Yeah. What's some time? He's got To, he's got to be very picky and choosy about shit that he's had in the Stash. You know, going back to the lyric thing, like you gotta be careful with everything now. Features, you gotta start from scratch. You kind of do. You kind of gotta start from scratch. When I say sometime, I mean a year. No, hell no. I don't think it takes a year. He'll have an album out in six months. I think he'll have an album out in six. Think dog.


His his, he did nothing but time to write. His favorite list is, yo, I want to beat, he probably getting beat packs in the mail right now. Sure. He can go call Usher. He could go call Chris Brown. He can go call whoever who's who of musicians and have them on his project. And that's just the ones that he fuck with. That's not to count these other clout Chasey motherfuckers up there too. That's, that's gonna be attached to 'em. That's a good point. So now the other big names out there gonna run over there to try to get him as well. They, It is, It is endless opportunity. Yeah. He as, as far as his attorney, yesterday's price is not today's price at all. At all. No. And I'm sure the price is already, he Gotta get a lot. He gotta, I know we giving him a lot of praise, but he deserves more His attorney.


Yes. Fa that boy Got judges removed, went and did his time. He Didn't have to do the time, But he was going to do He volunteer. He, he, But he was going to do it. Like that's a different level of lawyer. Wrote Some of the greatest acronyms we've ever heard. Push a positivity. He a rapper. He a rapper. Yeah. Yo, think About, yeah, Brian Steele. Yeah. Think about that for real. Think like Joe, just the fact that I stood tall on principle and said, y'all, I'll take the days, lock me up, I I'll take the days. But then I had enough wherewithal to go get all the other local judges, I mean lawyers and have them ride with me to come get this judge outta here.


Like all of that shit was just genius. The fist bump is enough and like he's standing up there like Yeah, That's a classic picture. And this would have to give hope to Dirk. It would, It would have to. Yeah. It depending, depending on, I mean, What's up freeze. Different charges, that's all I'm gonna say. Different charges. Things look a little different on that side. I, I mean, Doug's charges were worse. I I don't More severe or Dirks was Dirks local or federal? I was just getting ready to say, and this is a Fed case that's different.


That is different. This is a Fed case over here. Yeah. That is true. That's different. That is Highly Yeah, you are correct. So, but yes, to some degree it still, it still had to Case sounds fed. It did. No I didn't. Yes it did. Rico Charges sound, the charges sounded best. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah, that's, that's what it means. The case was you seeing how sloppy that played, that Wasn't bad. Yeah. But that, but that gets into the hands of the state that, And that's what Separated that the state can handle some shit sloppily. But in terms of the charges and the accusations and the story that they were trying to paint, that story sounds fed. I'm Shocked the feds ain't pick it up.


I'm shocked the feds ain't pick it up. Which is why I think another reason why he took, took that that too. Yeah. Nah, we can't deal with them coming in to take, Pick this up. Can they steal? I don't can, I don't know. It depends on how they wrote that shit. I don't know. It's not my, it's not my area, it's not my area of expertise. I don't, I would think that that would be like a double jeopardy or Whatever type of a situation situation. But I don't know. I don't know if double jeopardy applies there. Don't think, let's wait until we get a fact before we just start saying shit. I would want to know that. I would want to know if the feds are still able to come pick that up somehow. And I'd want know if they didn't or just aren't picking it up. Is it because they felt like it was a weak case?


State might afford 'em to, to take it. 'cause a lot of times the state feel insulted when the feds come take their cases and shit like that. So they'll fight to get their cases. And it was a big name case. The prosecutor was on the come up. Remember she was a career case. She was talking mad shit in the beginning of this case. There was other ones coming. Yeah. Like, yo, be clear, we not gonna rest in Atlanta until all of these criminal enterprises AB bought the judge she was talking, you know. Crazy. Yeah. But I felt like she was clout chasing. Yeah. So I'm gonna fight you for the case so that I think it's a slam dunk. I'm gonna get my props up. I could be running for mayor in a couple years And this is a, this is a huge win for those that feel like just a bullseye was placed on the back of hip hop artists for how they move, how they sound, how they rap.


Huge win for lyrics being used in court and what that looks like for artists. A lot of wins on a lot of different fronts. True. I woke up to all this stuff. I was taking the goodes nap. So it says yes, the federal government can take over a state criminal case, but it's relatively rare. Federal intervention only happens when there's a significant federal interest at stake. So they said basically they'll take over in the middle of the case too. Not most times after the case has already been tried. And a lot of the times the reason why feds will come, will get involved is if the charges in involve multi-state jurisdic jurisdictions.


So they said that if they wanted to, they could. It says the government can also prosecute a defendant who has already been cons convicted of a state crime for the same conduct. This is because the dual sovereignty doctrine allows more than one sovereign to prosecute someone without violating double jeopardy. So they can, it's just rare Got It continue to, we want to continue to, to treat this as the celebratory moment. It is right this second. That's, that's what we wanna do. So again, I know his friends family, family is Going Crazy. Could not associates, coworkers. Yeah. Could not be happier employees. Yeah, I heard, I heard he is a amazing person.


Like one of my homegirls was like, yo, he's just the nicest guy. He'd greet you like, ma'am, sir, he does You know what I mean? Like all of that that they like. Yes ma'am. No ma'am. Like shit like that. So they said that he's mild-mannered, like quiet and reserved and he's just an amazing person. But might Be a switch. Listen man, gangsters don't die. They get chubby. Move to Miami. Yo, you can do this, you can do this. It don't have to be such a tall, that's true. Tall task. Take your millions, take your girl. Take your loved ones success and go, Yeah, that's It. And go And talents people's. That's what I mean. Shit. That's what I got mean. Shit. We look at like a Bobby Schmurder, you know, he came out, you know, people ridicule him because he's making a different type of music pivot.


And, and but again, my nigga, this is my freedom. Y'all can say whatever the fuck y'all want. I did my time. I came out and I can't associate with certain things or type of shit. Or I'm gonna go back, cool, I'm gonna do this. Yeah. Y'all say what y'all want from the comfort of your home. Go listen to old shit. Yeah. Like that. That's my thing. Like I was saying that even when the Dirk News came out, people like, oh, you know, if It is, listen bro, I'm a fan of these cats' music, I can still go back and listen to the old shit. So you don't have to do that anymore. Thug. I can go listen to the old shit. So if he come out and do a complete pivot Yeah. People gonna say, oh, he wa whatever. They could say, Hey listen man, that man is home with his family, his kids doing what he gotta do for him.


A lot of y'all will do the same shit in the same situation. And I think, I think his talent level so allows him to do a bunch of different shit. Yeah. And he has, of course he has. He he's done that, his talent level as he meant. So I wanna know what happened between Ssur and and Rowdy. I do. It's like the topic that everybody's fucking tap, tap dancing and tiptoeing around what happened? Where is that? 30 for 30 something happened. It ain't my business, but I wanna know. You don't wanna know Oh? Yeah, you want to know? I wanna Know. come on. I have, I have my theories, but What's a theory that You I'm cool. Okay. No, please. How your mom fucking Sit down.


The theory is if they got together, they would come up With A fire Summer track. Their summer track doozy. Oh my Lord. Doozy. Oh, Alright. Alright. Mel, don't look over at my ad. You don't have ad yet. Okay. I listen to all 29 minutes. Oh God. It was not ad don't look over here. This is for year. It Was the intro episode In year 10. You know what I mean. But episode one you don't, you don't have to look over at My No, I, no, no, no. I'm just, I'm, I'm considering all the sponsorship at offers that are coming right Now. Yeah. Huh? Yeah.


What'd you think of that Cheesecake Man? Yeah, You hurt. What I gotta do you hurt. Why would I have thoughts on that? You just a coworker so I'm ask him. Well yeah, yeah. Ooh hoo. Yeah, I don't even see the correlation. Yo. You just don't Even matter. So disturber. So what? You ain't gotta correlate. Don't try to college word me out out the fun. No, I don't see the correlate. Oh Shit. Oh, It is so Stupid. Yo. Yo. I seen a meme the other day that reminded me that we had the yellow pages and white pages delivered to our door. Hell yeah.


I laugh for about an hour. Big ass boy. Damn sure did. We could go home and just get somebody's phone number sometimes when the girls said no, I looked up. Yeah. But They'd be like, you can't even, I'm not listed and remember That and was used. It was 700 of them. It was 700 Sasha Jacksons. I was like, yeah, I called. I called a hundred of them too. That is crazy. We are old indeed. Yellow pages and white pages. Do I Just to talk about when you had to print the MapQuest directions off the printer and put them shits in the car with you going somewhere you ain't had no business to do something you ain't had no business doing.


you know what I mean? Little missions Nigga. This ain't You.


all right. It is time for my favorite part of the show. Proud. Yo Yo. Yo yo. Now secretly I've been teasing the crew. I'll share it. Ah, here we go. Here we go. Yeah, I'll share it Secretly. I've been teasing the crew because ever since I've started this PrizePicks ad, it has worked on us. That's true. Like we are, I've heard my coworkers plan trips around where they're able to play. PrizePicks Had some successful trips. Yeah. I've heard my coworkers


talk about where they're going to pick up their winning money. I've seen my coworkers be down and out, come to work. Depressed, sad, and stomach turning because they lost. Ain't catching the right pass. Yeah. Or Jalen Hurts. Doesn't get one more rushing yard Now brother. Freeze hit. Right. So clap it up for freeze brother. Freeze that that addict tick is is getting some usage. At least there's some value in it. Allegedly hit.


Allegedly hit Hit ing. Yeah. Freeze. You're doing pretty good. You are doing pretty good. PrizePicks is super easy. It is almost too easy to play Judging by these these Guys. Yo, yo Stupid. Look at, look at The Pookies. You keep calling me Man. Yo PrizePicks is super easy and simple to play. Some of you probably lost a lot with Aaron Judge over the course of the World Series. That was a monumental fall off and collapse from Aaron Judge. I'm not gonna kill him 'cause he is the captain and if Soto don't resign then that's where the chips fall.


And Soto sound like he didn't give a fuck about the Yankees when they asked him about he signing. I think, I think he signed too. 'cause I think the Yankees are gonna pull Out. No, I think think he's starting. I think that was his. Pardon? Chip Think pay me. Well yeah, I think he's going to the highest bidder and I think that will be the Yankees. But I ain't gonna kill Judge. But it you Happens to the Great, you know how tough It is to, to fall off like that. It happens. No it don't. That Was bad. Baseball can get streaky Bro. That's not true. It happens to, it happens to a lot of people. Playoffs or one series. They play like shit. No, don't. Okay. It shouldn't. To a super Superstar Aaron judges batting average with something ridiculous like over 300, like three 20.


That's an average over 160 games. That's tough. So this is an elite club already. Indeed. Everybody don't get in here at all. You know how tough It is for that to be your batting average and then you go down to 1 33 in a series. No, everybody can't come to this poker table and say, Hey, I qualify. Maybe they just had his number. I don't think, I don't think we see this like that. And I'm not going to talk about that Freddie Freeman right now. Yo. But one of these days I'm coming in here to talk about that Freddie Freeman. I'm not right now. Now's not a good time for me to say what I think about Freddie Freeman.


Even though I looked him up, I Googled him. He's him Still. I was about to say, huh? You got, you told me off my Every game. I ain't saying it. Shout to Freddy Freeman and his family. Congratulations to the Dodgers. They won. They were clearly the better team for sure. I picked a great game for my dad to go to. Yeah, That was great. Only the game. The Yankees won. Lot of home runs. I can't believe they of Hits lost that last game. That was some bullshit, Bro. I I wouldn't even say they were clearly the better team. They were clearly the better team. I just think that the Yankees made mistakes and pivotal points Game one could Dodge Were very clearly the better team. Very, it was very clear the, the Yankees this year as in past years, a lot of years with Boone as the manager just don't know how to get runners home from true on base.


They, they can't put the ball in play In play to even get a sack fly Dog. And that's that the dog, that's how, that's how the dog I want. Well that last game they lost 'cause the egregious ending of bad defense, bro. Jesus. That that's Eric Augh run into the Bag. That's like some Dallas cowboy shit. No, they was up five zip. I went to go make some food. I came back, it was six five, they was down. I nodded off on the couch and I woke up. It was six five. You missed a bunch of, I nodded off on the couch. I had to Washington on Sports Center. The bullshit Boone that that decision in game one bringing in the, the closer. That's why look, game one and game five, honestly speaking the ball's, no pun intended, they fall where they fall.


But game one and game five could have easily been the Yankees easily. So I, that's why I'm saying I don't know if, I wouldn't even say, I mean all hats off to the Dodgers. They did what they did. But I wouldn't necessarily just say they were clearly the better team. What y'all think about homie me, they won Florida trying to snag the ball out the glove. New York shit. New York shit. Some New York ignorant shit. It is very ignorant. It is some New York and has no place at a baseball game. It does not. But we in New York. Yeah, we down bad, we Down bad, we down three, we down three Z, we down bad Take the ball and no harm, no foul. Right. It was still a, it was still out. It still called out. It didn't really have an effect on the game. It just was some real ignorant New York shit To do.


Take not the button, just the whole glove. Gimme your arm, open the glove up Your, you ain't catch this. And they walked him right outta there. They did like Safari at the Nicki concert. Oh, Shit, Safari say that didn't happen. But still for the joke purposes, that's what I'm saying, they walked him right outta there. Totally worth it. I'm sure. I think he's banned for life. Still probably worth it. Google that yourself. I'm not sure. But they banned his ass for something Still Worth it. And I couldn't tell if dude next to him was trying to help him or help the outfielder. I think he was trying to help him. I think he was trying to. I couldn't tell on the playback. I couldn't tell. Couldn't show on the playback.


Anyway, PrizePicks is super easy and simple to play. All you have to do is select two or more players across all sports, all sports. Look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win big. I have done amazing recently with Derrick Henry and the likes of him. So who am I to fuck tradition up? I am going with Derrick Henry for more than 70 rushing yards Easy money. I'm going with Pat Mahomes for more than two passing touchdowns. Eh? He's gotta heat up at some point. And I'm going with Luca Don kick for more than 32 points. And Steph Curry for more than five, three pointers. I am okay. Luca's struggling but he's gotta wake up soon too. Don't forget to use promo code J JB P. If you download the app today, you'll get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat, download the app today and use promo code JJBP and get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


That's right. It's a hot, it's a hot weekend coming up too for sports. At least for me anyway. Five and three. Oh wow. You lost this week. You said you last week. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I did. Fucking Aaron Rogers Reed. Jayden Reed. Jaylen Reed from the Packers. Drake, London put up seven points for me. Do it. My kicker. I tried to do some fancy shit. Got rid of McLaughlin from the Buccaneers, took the Denver kicker Denver scores a bunch of touchdowns. So the field goes count for less. One point, one point, one point in me to death. He have three points, four points.


Yeah. If I get five more points, I win my fantasy matchup. I had enough of fucking reed. I shipped his ass out, traded him the GSP pin. For what? What'd you get? I traded Reed and hunt for Charna and Puka. I shipped right to my right's a good, the Waves Char has no place on my team but Puka, I did it Probably get a little more steady points And I still got a bench. I still got Calvin Ridley on my bench. I got Josh Downs on my bench. I got Mo Stir on my bench like I gotta a bench. Okay. I gotta bench so you're not hurting. Yeah, I'm cool. I'm cool.


Back to Halloween. Halloween was cool. I went to Spirit Halloween. I got my mask. I went to the Halloween party that night. Girls Love. Karaoke. Turns out niggas do Too. No, niggas Love girls and niggas love karaoke. There's a lot of performances. Street niggas love karaoke. That'd you Think Brooklyn. Gangsters loved karaoke. Please tell Us the Songs. So I was there early. Yeah, I gotta know the songs. The first time I went and it started late. So this time I came late and just walked into the abyss to quote someone that was there.


Damn, I see so many people that I was locked up with. Oh Shit. Me personally, I saw so many people that I hadn't seen in about some 10 years, some 15 years. I just knew some of the faces that were there. That's another reason I felt old. I, I've been all over the place. I knew too many of these. I knew too many niggas in there. I was like okay, this is different. Like if like my man asked me if, if you, if I wanted him to walk me to my car when I left. Like it was that It Was one I was back in those days.


I said no, no, no. I Got it. I Got it. You felt safe. Well until I walked to my car and seen the nigga in the sheisty and the gray Nike tech. Oh man. Just standing On Halloween. Just standing there On Halloween. You lying. No one Lying. And you with wifey you can't even really Ugh. Don't rob me in front of wifey yo. Yeah, No, don't Wait till she flies home because I'll be back my dumb ass. No Be like, yo, I speared you. Yo. Gimme that bracelet next time I see you. Yeah, but it was a good time in there. I owe you on the robbery. It is crazy. Yo, I'm spare you. I ain't, It was still a good time in there. Just the ratio was a little different than we're used to it being. Hopefully they'll get back to their normal vibe.


But it was good seeing everybody fucking mano fab fucking Who else was there? Slow? It was a few niggas in there. A few niggas in there. Good times. Good times. Lot of the women were dressed provocatively. Of course. I wonder if it's still gonna be carrying over to this weekend. Halloween? Yeah, It was last weekend. You think they gonna do it this weekend? They might Do it again. Do What? I'm not mad at it. If they Do, I know there's some Halloween parties this weekend. I've Already heard do it. You could do it next weekend. I don't Care. Every weekend. No, You can't do that. You can't throw Halloween parties after Halloween Fam. I think it's happening. Y'all gonna look stupid. Fell on a Thursday. Yeah. Yes it's over. And people were Out Friday. Niggas is outside.


You caught the bridge and tunnel crowd didn't really get it off on Thursday. You're bugging. That's fair. They getting their shit off. Well yeah, because there was no public school in New Jersey or New York on Friday or New York Friday. They, they Got it off. Wait what? There was It is no school. Your daughter at school? Yeah. Yeah. There's no public school. Yes. It is you Got. It was the 22nd they getting it off again. That is what you talking about. Oh. Your daughter got a special school in. But anyway, anyway. I don't think that you could do that. I don't think you could throw a Halloween party after Halloween. It's November now nigga. It's Thanksgiving Time. It's Thanksgiving time. Although most people are skipping right To Christmas. Hey yo. Yeah, Christmas tree's going up. You know what happens on Thanksgiving?


The food tastes better the day after. Nah, I ain't the same with Halloween shorty. Outside Night. See Correlation. You gonna say shorty outside the night with Nah, it's gonna be but I'm not mad at it. Let me be clear. Watch, please go outside. In your scant lee clad outfits facts. Take plenty pictures. Upload them to your Instagram. That's true. So that we can look at them so they can hit the explore page. Exactly. And I can critique your outfit. I'm not gonna critique it. No. I want to see how much detail you get. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean. Yeah. Commit to It. Candle soup is putting out candles that smell like Thanksgiving food. Oh that sounds nasty. Some stuffing. That's what my girls said until I start reading something. It depend on the, it depend on Like a gravy scented candle.


That sounds fucking nasty. Am I got that Turkey? You think black, black. Stop it right fucking now stop it right now because you're about to be You right on board with me. She walk. You walk cinnamon. Yo. Cinnamon yams might not be that bad. Okay, that's fine because There's cinnamon candles. Pumpkin Pot, candle. You ever Had yams? Okay. Your face for real? Yes I did. With brown sugar on Delicious. Yes I did. Last year at Po. Giving Not sweet potatoes. Yams. Yes. Yes. Last year. The pods giving that you missed. Yes. We had yams Here. Fight back Lots and lots of yams. He did miss it. That's true. He did. He missed it. He was at Malcolm on Ice or some shit.


Yeah. That's funny son. Are you coming to Pods Giving this year? Probably. Okay, just Checking. No he's not. Yeah, he'll fuck with us at all. Are we doing pods giving the day after Thanksgiving or the day before? Day after Day after. Be day after. That's a Wednesdays Friday. Oh, so we can turn up The Yeah. The day after the Friday. Yeah. That's a bet. Yeah. I gotta I gotta I, gotta I. gotta pick a chef. Now we dwindling down. That's true. November now dog. I know. And I gotta do something for my girl birthday. Oh, I hate Novembers. I hate it. You got Christmas. Why can't love just be off Christmas Next month?


I can skip that. You can Skip Christmas with your girl. I, I could, Could do a lot of things. If you go crazy on a birthday, Christmas could really be like A card. Well you gotta be a card anyway. You go crazy on a birthday Christmas could be what? Crazy. You can go, Whatcha talking about? Or you can go light on a birthday and go have you on a Christmas. Oh, okay. Try what? What type of weights you lift? Hmm? What weights you lifting? Five pounds. I bet. Five pound dumbbells. Real life. Okay. Something real light. Five Pounds of gold.


You think you talking to Nigga? All that. All that. Spending money on tangible material shit. So surface level, It's over. It started now. Nah, It is over that when it stopped. Huh? When did it stop? When did it stop? Said It Over. Stick it over by yourself sometimes. Tickets. Tickets. Yeah. Yeah. Said it's over. I Wanna know when and when the game was over. When was the fourth quarter? When o'clock is Zero. The state of the economy Economy Fucked up for a minute. Yeah, but It is getting fucked up. It is. It is getting fucked up. But you're in a different state. Yeah, but you just gotta be, you just gotta be wise. No, it's fucked up for me too. I know it's fucked up for me too. I know. Like I don't want to get on the pod and misrepresent myself.


It's tough. Swear to God. No. So you're not gonna answer the question though About when? Yeah. I think just as the economy just started. You Right back to the economy. Economy been fucked up for four Years. Why You. all right bro, you Got it. And on top of that right, like just with this window that black women have been thriving in professionally. Like now ain't the time for some nigga to come along and fucking try to control, be a misogynist controlling Narcissist. Like we wanna support the liberation. Right? Right. And empower all women don't stand for that.


You know that right? That's going on. I think mine do I think she do freedom. Double check with her. You know I, I honestly, I think that even the most staunch feminist is okay with a birthday gift. I think so. I think so. I don't know Though. Well It is never in question. She's about like what's the gift? Yeah, We talking about the level of the gift. I mean she, I feel like she's kind of made it clear what she wants for her birthday. I we all know We do. Yeah, we talked about it up here. You know what she want. I mean unless maybe she's changed It. I would think of love and affection. Oh personally She gets that regularly though. Admiration. They are in love. Appreciation. Appreciation. All the A words. All the shuns. I didn't need all of This shit.


All the shun, all of it. When y'all girl's birthday, who's the next girl birthday up? You Virgo. So no mine's April. How about yours? My Girl birthday passed. Oh her is coming. When was my girl birthday? The end of July. Okay. Y'all niggas Got. it made like special ed boy. Summertime, birthdays. Wow. Spring. I just told you summertime, birthdays not close to Christmas or Valentine's Day or any of that bullshit. Well it's not too far from Valentine's Day. When is it? April? It's man far. Yeah, it's Far enough. Enough. That's far enough It comes. It feels pretty quick. Not when she been paying the rental all year.


Took your half time. 12. I'm gonna get you something nice Girl. Don't feel quick at all. If that's the case, do something real nice. Oh man. Alright. What else? What else we got? Y'all wanna talk about new music? New music? New music? I ain't heard shit so don't ask me shit. And I don't know if I'm listening to nothing. I'm gonna listen to Gibbs. Gibbs drop. I'm gonna listen drop too. Who? West Side Gun drop the EP Album. I'm gonna listen to that. Heard Bank shit. Bank shit was fired. I, I skimmed through banks. I'm gonna listen to it more in depth this weekend. But I ain't committing to listening to all you all that Uzi shit. Sorry buddy. I'm not checking it. I need someone to tell me. That's amazing.


Music dropped and It was quiet for Why didn't we know Uzi was dropping? Probably We No, no. I mean he was teasing that it was coming soon but there wasn't a date. It's okay To say we're old. I'm cool. Didn't put a date out. Yeah, But. yeah, we could be old. I'm fine with that. You know I love, I love being Old. I'm gonna lead on that one. Alright, So who came out? Gibbs came out. Big Moochie came out. Alright, so we'll start there. You break it down track by track. How was the mixing? Who produced? No, you just listened. Who came out? But go ahead. Go ahead with what? What are you talking about? No, I'm saying that that's another one that came out. That's true. You said we said banks but we all heard banks early Gibbs.


I didn't get a chance to listen to it. Yo, I, Tyler. Tyler ruined it for me. I'm be honest. What do you mean drop it on a Monday and allowing me not to have to rush to try to listen to music and then come in here and talk about it. It like that felt Great. It should go back to that. And now With these albums dropping While I'm busy at 12 o'clock in The morning. Yeah. Yeah. I, I woke up this morning and was like Oh, Shit this drop. I came in here like oh damn. Even more shit dropped that I didn't know about. I'm just not in a hurry to wake up first thing in the morning on a Friday. Try to cram as much music as I can to get in here and talk about it. Give A half-ass review Your failure Yeah. man. I'm just not doing it no more. Yeah, I'll, when I come across something that I think is fire, whether it be a week, couple days, whatever, down the line, I will let y'all know and that will be when I give my review on albums going forward.


I'm tired of rushing just to be could talk about something I, that shit whacked to me now. I agree. Agree too. I couldn't agree more. Yeah, but shout to you niggas for sneaking out album. Real Congrats. Congrats to everybody And yo that might go to what you were saying where aint ain't putting no money behind nobody no more. So, so, so what I'm saying even that could be why we didn't know Uzi was coming out. Ain't no promotion money going behind nothing no more. So now, alright. Yeah you got a date, you drop your album, let them find it and whatever happens happens. But we not investing no money in nothing and That is Atlantic. Yeah. Especially I'm sure with people that they feel like are established and they're gonna do what they do anyway.


They're gonna do what they do. Yeah. Yeah. I want hit the round of applause for Tyler for his projection. It's like 2 53 or some shit like That. Yeah, yeah. Sheesh. Wow. I thought this more than that. No that shit just kept Going up. That's that's a lot. That's and that's on a short week. Yeah Two 50 in four days is nuts. That is absolutely ridiculous. A testament to his work ethic through the years and just staying true to your core. Like he don't try to play to anybody outside of his core and it's work you've just seen gradual improvement from him in terms of sales and now he's there and It is A great rollout. Worked everywhere though, albeit short.


Like the visuals, everything looked the same, looked like it made sense. It looks like there's a little story behind it. It was fly. That shit works everywhere with him. Whether it be the festival, you know what I'm saying? The festival will go and sell out now. Like he is just, he's gotten to that point where he's curated his fan base to support him in whatever he does. They had the TV show that shit was working the just whatever he put out, he got his people willing to spin for it. Now That's hard And don't listen to this pod and get the lion on me dogs. I never said Tyler The. Creator is a better rapper than Jake Cole. Y'all niggas just be rushing to say I said some shit. No nigga say you said it.


I never said that bitch ain't piss me off lying on me all through the week and I gotta wait a few days to come in here and correct myself. Fuck y'all. Damn that's fucked up. That was Parks that said Tyler had a better disc. Maybe That probably did. I said maybe I started and he He said he, he yeah I said every category outside of the features which is what separated, that's what took Cole on his just rocket ship. The feature run. But everything else, Tyler is either right there with him or maybe a notch above or below.


Cole's got better singles Rapping. Cole's got better singles. Yeah for sure he Does Tyler and and Fish. He does rap. What you say rapping? I said the feature run is what did that, what separated them in Rapp? I ain't talk that's what separated because it showed that Cole is more versatile. I can rap great on everything where Tyler raps. Right. J Cole raps a lot better than Tyler. J Cole can rap rings J Cole raps a lot better than Tyler. I ain't no dish. I ain't, it's not even close. I'm saying it that You're just fucking cool hip hop circle odd future shit. Cool. We love Tyler. That's awesome. He can't rap with Jermaine Cole. He Can't. I would love to see it. He cannot. I would love to see it. There's very few people that I can rap with that Boy Jake, Cole's the best rapper of his generation.


Yeah. Like that boy can rap at rapping. Rap not mad. I would love to see them But Tyler does make great albums. I stand by that Tyler would get in that verses and and panic. Well we ain't saying nothing about no verses. I'm just saying any metric you Want, we're not, we not never putting them in the conversation in the verses. Okay. Okay. I'm just checking. We are talking about one that makes that can make commercial hit records and one that does not. So and that's what a verse is for. That would not work well at all. Okay. Okay. Congrats to Tyler. Yeah For phenomenal feat for sure. Phenomenal feat Gibbs and the rest of you niggas.


I'll listen to it this weekend. I'm getting to it for sure. For sure. I'll listen to it week. I'll be back next week with my review of, of things I'm hearing really great things about that Gibbs project. It Sounded good for what I heard. It sounded good. It sounded mix tapey a little bit good. In a good way. Good. I don't know if we big up gorilla enough for her numbers then something funny was going on with Meg's numbers. I'm not the guy to report on that because you know bias. Yeah I heard eight but then I saw 20. I don't know what the fuck is going on because it was also the the deluxe thing. So I don't know if the old numbers count. I don't know what the Fuck's going. Yeah, I don't know what's going on either. Shit, it's too much tricks. Shit was projected at eight then the projection changed and it was over 40.


Oh, 40. Yeah. Okay. I don't care about none of that number shit. Me either. I I'm saying every time the num the topic of numbers come up. Yes. Even with the Tyler thing, that's amazing. Just 'cause nobody's really doing that. So we do wanna shout certain things out. But your numbers don't determine anything. I, I don't really give a fuck. I like picking up great numbers. I don't like shitting on bad numbers, shitting on someone forgetting bad numbers. Like that's not necessarily, It's just not as, it's just not a metric for me to numbers matter, determine if your music is good or Not. The numbers do matter to me. The numbers do matter to me. They don't matter in terms of deciding what music is good or not. I agree with that. Okay. Yeah.


But the numbers to me act as the fucking barometer. The stock, the stock report that that's But. Yeah. But see Like we, I big up Tyler, that's whack up because I don't think so because it's not a artist thing. When we start talking numbers for me, we are not talking artistry anymore. Well wait, when you say the numbers act as a stock report you talking about so that particular artist, their stock is based on the number or you just saying in general Can be, But if the numbers can be manipulated it's bullshit then how do we That's what I, that's why I don't that, that's why I say that's Why. But the numbers tell you that too. And I want the numbers to tell me. It's like when everybody was raving about whatever that Travis Scott first week number was and then that second week number came like I like that investigative.


They weren't telling you anything but that tells you something. Even If they push the button that tells you something. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like even with Meg, right? Like for me I see the play on the blackboard but the numbers is is gonna tell what is and what's not or why aren't they being manipulated. Right. Like if we tag, if we putting you on everything smoking, if we tagging you to host the awards, we're getting you the commercials, we doing this, we putting you everywhere. Feasible. Somebody that spent something or has something to do with this, want to see a number come back at the end of the day it tells a story. But If they don't come back now what story does it tell when you have big boy branding, big boy marketing, all of these looks and then your numbers don't come back.


What does it say It? It tells you that whoever is on your team is not looking for their payday from the music aspect of what's going on. They'll take it from, it could be That there's a bunch of different Story lines, a lot lines that could come outta that. It's a lot of that. Gotcha. There's a lot of different storylines that come out of That. No, I was asking didn didn't know Say that your marketing shit doesn't work. It's not impactful. It could be we don't care about music. It could be, there's a million different things that numbers could say. Yeah, I agree with that. But numbers are not, they don't, they're not a reflection of artistry, quality Of music. None. None that shit. And quality music. And that's where I get pissed off at. I'm Celebrating Tyler because we seen it from A to Z. Yes. So you have to celebr, you have to celebrate those numbers. We have a good idea and we've seen enough to know that ain't a whole bunch of bundle tricks and label games.


This is somebody working a fan base and growing it to where It is today. Same with Gorilla. It's A lot of vinyl. It's a lot of vinyl sell in there. That's amazing. But. yeah. To me that's even better. Which more solidifies it. Yeah. Yeah. They actually went out to purchase. He had the vi but again, preparation had the vinyls ready to go when the album dropped. Like yeah these shipped out right away. A lot of these acts album dropped Friday and if you, if you prepaid or whatever to get the vinyl, you're not gonna get your vinyl for a month. A Lot of that shit is dropship pre-order shit. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. They not, they haven't pressed a single fucking vinyl. They haven't done anything yet. They calculate all the orders and then they're ordering basically shipped To to order vinyl's expensive. Yeah, I was about to say. Yeah It is, you gotta be a top tier artist to really do That.


Well not even that. You just don't wanna make more than you're going to sell. Like you don't have to. There's plenty independent artists that do it and probably aren't selling but a couple hundred pieces And have 'em ready for the Rep. Yeah. Vinyl you can't make the order. Yeah you gotta order. Yeah. So now that's on you. How much you going, you going get sold or else you'll be sitting with. That's what I'm saying. So whatever you order. So to Isis point, when they have them pre-order and you get a quote unquote idea of where your first week numbers are, then you can now hit the manufacturer and say press this many. Yeah But it takes a while to get vital. Yeah But now it takes minute. You said it take them off. Yeah it takes a minute That's why. No, it takes longer than a month. So Yeah, depend depending on takes longer than your situation. Yeah.


Okay. Glow realer numbers more of the same. This is a new act. There ain't nobody back there pushing a whole bunch of trick buttons to see what happens with her. She just organically did it and the label and her people were waiting to see the numbers too. To measure impact. And it got measured. It got measured in some cases. The numbers help you to celebrate what you need to celebrate with artists. That's all I'm saying. Go Tyler. Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations. Go. I Love it now I wanna know Tyler thinks he raps better than J Cole. I think he thinks that. I think he think he does. And I am all for any rapper thinking that about rapper. Every Rapper should think they're the best rapper in the world.


Wants a coy rapper. Yeah, it's true. No, I'm nice but Shy rapper, they all Make nicer than me though. I ain't, I ain't Nicer, I'm cool. But If I get on the track of one That's true. Yo, I never ever want to hear a rapper acknowledge another rapper is better than them ever. Even if it's true. Even if it's painfully obvious. Yeah. I don't want to hear that. You're Supposed to believe you the best at whatever the fuck you do. Why you make the beast? I disagree but The modest rapper Shy brother right here. Nah, I just think, I just think that you can acknowledge that somebody's greater than you and that's your inspiration to be better at what you doing. Like if I, if I hoop and I know that Steph Curry is better than me, I'm not gonna come out here and be like, yo, I, I'm better than Steph and think that that's some macho shit.


No Steph Curry's better than me. It leaves room for growth and improvement and what I'm doing. It's a little different than rap. Yeah, that's I was gonna say, or even in, even in rapping, if I looked at, if I was a rapper and I looked at Jay-Z or I looked at Ouie rap or I looked at some other niggas that I know are better than me, it just leaves for room for improvement. Fuck that, I mean you can admit it to yourself but you're not gonna publicly admit it because part of being a rapper is to have like bravado Who you think make a better house than you. A lot of niggas. But who? Caesar Toll Brothers. A lot of people Just shout 'em out. No, I'm just saying K Hian has a nice product.


The Davies Davies just be on some cheap shit. He's even massive developers and shit like That. The Davies can't really, I feel like I was about to say, so I contradict this point. No, I I was about to say some African shit, but I get busy. We Got it brother. See the same way you said that or rappers don't want to talk with that tone. Rappers don't want say no but Because I don't just be be here no arrogant shit. Yeah, I, I'm cool. But why if you arrogant, I'm not, eh, Ish, that's the point you be trying to tell. All right. So I'm And they don't like me for it too all. So I'm shutting by the way. 'cause I don't wanna push a, a false narrative. The rest of y'all, hold On, hold on.


What's the, what's the, the Davies that's what you said? The Davies. Davies. Okay. Davies Davies. If you, if you were, if you were whatever level that they're on, like in terms of I get the amount of buildings, whatever they had, if you was on that level and he said that, what would you say if he brought that same name up? If he brought up? Because that's what We talk about the Davies. Well I'm just saying that's what I'm, we're talking about like we mentioned Tyler and J Cole. Tyler's doing them same numbers. So I'm in that conversation with y'all. It's not even like, like they, you, I know you told me this, this the ies they've built damn near all of this. You with respect haven't built all of this. I ain't, yeah. So I'm saying if you did something I was about similar lines. I was about to, to say my work better than this.


There you go. Talk your shit. Yeah You talk But. yeah and Acon shit his name. Just do a list now. Once, once you start dis one you just gotta get this It Is not dissing Them. I was just And the Toll brothers. Yeah. Shit. Yeah. What's up nigga? Ain't even no toll no more. We driving over the bridge nigga we didn't pay no to fucking to nigga The toll brothers the fuck out here. The babies yo. The babies. The babies. This guy's a Fool. Okay. Also my last thing on my gangster's love Halloween party that I went to. Let me tell y'all this about a r and b party. I'm gonna be honest.


If Johnny Gill, my, my my comes on and you niggas don't start singing, y'all should get the fuck out or I'm getting the fuck out. Somebody got you niggas are murderers. I was gonna ask Yo the murderers, But but the murderers acknowledged the red dress. That's right. That is a fact. Tough dog. I was singing my my Mind and there were men that were not, not even a head nod. That's a great, it's almost like Mel when Annie up comes on. I got two questions about, about the party one. Did any of the murderers actually perform?


That's the other thing about gangsters loving karaoke. Them niggas going grab the mic and not sound like the song. Well that's karaoke. May no Particip. It is different. It's different. No, no, no. And what's their choice of song? Mayo should been arrested for what he did on that microphone. What'd he say? I wasn't trying to, it was confessions or some shit. I I thought it was dope. It like some shit that we know. Wasn't it a duet? It was something that we know the tune. We know the key that that song is supposed to be in. And Mayo Man, Mayo is my man. I thought it was fly. Don't do that again, yo. Nah, I thought it was fly right after my my ma I'm singing away Freddie Jackson.


come on. I'm looking around at these niggas. come on y'all, y'all me tonight for old time saying all these niggas just cock and match. I'm gonna rock that nigga when I get outta here. So I yo all these niggas in here just looking at the ops and victims. Oh man Jackson. Jackson is on. Yo, enjoy yourself. You Stupid Oh Shit would my second question. Did anybody do Fantasia when I see you? Everybody did. Alright. Cool. They played that before shit got started and the whole building sing. But that's one of 'em songs that gangsters respect.


That's what I was gonna ask you. How did they respond to that record? As long as, oh no, they they sung that. Okay cool. They they sung that if they ain s that well it's happen. They don't s that you gotta leave. You have to leave if you in there with the gangster nigga. See But that's that one come New Generation shit nigga sing my my mind when Johnny Getaway comes up, It is couple records. Might not know that it's a couple records. Nigga if can We talk come on and niggas ain't singing that I have to get outta here. Got point true. That's the point. If can We talk come on and they not singing. Someone is getting shot after This. No I'm leaving. No, they're already lining them up. Hear about that shit word. That's what happened. Ah, fuck Didn't see That coming shit. Or I'm ready for that matter. It is a few songs. It's Some couple Songs.


And Lucky I wasn't DJing. I have had a fucking blast with you gangsta nigga. Secret Gardens coming on now. Be nigga be James in Be Tough and James Ingram at the same time. Nigga fuck is you talking about? Good Times, good Times. Secret Car It is covered off. Yeah. come on nigga. Fucking but got and the beat the barge bar Yeah Man. All right. What else? What else is there? Drake put out a video for no face. I have no comment on it. What's that y'all? I didn't see. I didn't see it. I watched it. My podcasting days is coming to an end. If y'all haven't noticed too. I don't have nothing to say about none of This shit.


I don't care about it. I don't give a flying fuck. Did you see the video? No. didn didn't see that fucking video? No, I watched it. I I saw it. Well one, I liked the song so I like the song. I was, I wanted to see that's the only song I purchased from the pack. Yeah. I like, I I like that song. So I was like, all right, let see what he do. I didn't understand the, the driving through the mall shit, but Okay. I mean whatever. They're gonna kill somebody anymore. No, it's a flex. Oh Okay. But I didn't get it. But other than that, I mean it, it was cool. Put A theme of the song. Can't even shop if you driving to the mall, Nigga I'm driving.


What? What'd you say? That was an ade. It was Whatever It is. I gotta I gotta run and Lululemon now what? I gotta find parking. I'm the Mall. No nigga. I'm front of Lululemon and jump out and get in, put my bags in and keep it pushing The Lulu you gonna jail? Nah, I'm Drake. You Can try to park in front of Lulu Lemon if you want. But anyway, anyway. But. yeah, I wasn't mad. It's funny, I wasn't mad at the video. It was short. But again, I fuck with the song. So if I liked the song and you don't fuck up the video, which they didn't do. It was just some, some it was tough Mafia Boss Drake type shit. Yeah, I got a whole bunch of niggas with me. They all, we, we waving a OVO flag and they all got on OVO shirts and you know, just talking tough on the record. Gotcha.


Not mad at it though. I mean it's, it, it tracks. Congrats. I like the song. Yeah, you're not watching the video. I don't like Mob Drake. Y'all heard me? Y'all heard that from me already. So nothing new there for me. So you seen him? Stupid Niggas put me with the OVO Niggas behind me on the shirt. That shit was funny. I ain't gonna Lie. October's very own. That Shit was hilarious. Yeah. And you look like him. You Did. I'm not trying to be, y'all gonna make him shoot at me for the rest of the ball and I don't want to get shot. No, you want Him to shoot. I Do not want You've Been shooting at him. Yeah, but I don't want him to shoot it back at me. Yeah. I'm just shooting for entertainment purposes. I love him. What I'm shooting for. You mean some of that shit.


You ain't trying to say this nigga is so stupid. You're trying to hurt me. Yo. This Guy is so fucking it. Idiot. It was a cool poster. Nah, that shit was funny. That's what you got for it. I laughed. He's such a deep one. I laughed. Fucking Niggas. Y'all seen Drake's new Chain. I got a question about it, but I can't ask. 'cause you know, biased, it Was a gift, so he didn't, it wasn't he didn't purchase it himself. That's, I'm trying to find a way to shoot that. Do we know who the gift was from? Yeah, the comedian dude. The Ben something. I forget his name. Be Dawn Bead. don. don? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. What's the, what's, what's the significance? I'm trying to find it.


What is, oh, I did see it. Yeah, it has, it's multicolored Mute up during a Drake topic like you normally do. Shut up. I don't, but Okay. And it, it, it red, it had some words on it. Said like it's giving daddy friend or something like that. Okay. It's pink, blue and yellow. What a bunch of white diamond in it. Don't look at me. Just read y'all don. Stop Looking at me. No, you said you had a, It says eight, eight down. It says It is given. It says all the gay shit and it's beads. Yeah. And it's beads. It's most important. Which some people say means something To salute.


Salute man. I, you know, friends by friends chains. I, I don't fucking know bro. That shit's weird to me. I don't know. I don't want a chain with the, with the batty lingo on it. Congrats. So I don't fucking know y'all so pussy. I don't fucking know bro. That shit is wild. This is set pussies if I have a seat, the fuck baby. Alright. What would Y'all say about me if I gotta change that say eight down would be I Make funny for the rest of your life I would call you a bird. What does eight down me? It means some nigga. So glad you asked some nigga. Suck your dick last ain that shit down too. Snake real eater.


Gobble. Gobble. Yo. I think that's what it means. What say y'all I was talking to be someone lost a couple toes or something. Oh. Shit. Eight toes there. It sound good. That mean dude got the fire Mouth. Got that. We He ain. Yo He ain the whole g Yo. We gotta grow up. come on. We have to grow up because how you compliment A nigga that got the fire mouth Yo you aint yo you ain't dad. How do you even do it?


Yo, you aint that? That's what I'm saying. Yeah, you took the whole Oh Shit bro. Yo, yo dog, yo gang Oh Shit Damn boy. Nah you did that Oh Shit. You did that Oh Shit gang. That's fire. Who knew you did your big one? Yo shit. Oh man y'all fucking gross. Oh my God. So I was getting the haircut the other day and Darren came in shout to Darren.


Darren's my man that gave me my chicken dip recipe many years ago. Fireman retired, was struggling with retirement and having too much time on his hands. And then I don't know what happened and I seen him the other day. He came in, I said Oh Shit Darren, so what the hell you been up to man? How's retirement now? And he says, well I picked up some part-time jobs here and there, but now I'm hanging out at the moose. Ah lodge. Yeah. Coming part of lodge Game I Life eh, I Okay.


I got some friends that do the lodges, the various lodges. Let's have a talk. Slow down, let's Do it. I knew moose to mean something different. Please Tell me what you knew what to mean. Because I don't know what its means at all. A Fat pussy. Big Shit. I thought it was the Large joint. That's the shit. Was she doing the jumping jacks? But it vacuumed the spandex in it. Fer Sitting there Said a fur burger. Yo you need To be quarantined or something. Yo, what the fuck is wrong with me? So then he's like, no this is the, this is a club. It is a club for older men where we hang. And I was like yo man you still making those burgers?


'cause he get busy on the grill. And he was like, yo, back burgers, if you come by the moose, if you come by the moose I'll make you a burger on such and such day I'm giving out burgers. I now the the the chicken dip, I now put 'em in empanadas, Oh Shit. And if you come by the moose we can get it going. My barber says you don't wanna go by the moose. It's some old head shit. It's some old nigga shit. It's some old man. Really old man wash shit. Right. There's also Elks, I think there's another One. But. yeah, Elks is Close. It's all the big beer. I know Elks but didn didn't know there was a moose. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't know. So I'm like dog, I love Darren's burgers and I love the chicken dip. I'm going, I'm going to the moose on this day to get the food.


Heard some good things about this. I said man what else y'all be doing up there? He said, well on Thursday nights, Watch the game. We play spades, Spades and dominoes. Shit. I said excuse me Like nigga disrespected You. But I've been running around here And these old heads be nice niggas Won't even play. Me and my dad no more struggling to get a game. And y'all right there at the most playing like I don't live nearby. Disrespectful. And then it hit me. Holy shit. All the shit they saying they do at the old nigga spot. You Old nigga official old. That's the shit you want.


I was waiting for it. That all my shit Punch was going. What the fuck is is fucking ho Is this nigga talking about, sorry Barbara Maids and chicken dip Empanadas. Yeah with the game with some fellas And some real burgers Might play some pool or something. It sound like that's where niggas go to get dark Darts. Darts for sure. Darts Happen. It sound like this is where nigga go to get away from their wife. Yeah. Like they kick it. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah Dog. I've been looking for this place. Yeah, They've been There a long story. Less long. You joined the moose, you joined the club? I'm going to the moose. These Old niggas Clean. They going to clean them niggas up. Good. You get the little drink tokens and shit with the, you know what I mean? What? Yeah, someone buy you a drink, they give you a little token.


Here I go my crack head ass. Y'all play spades for free boy. Y'all do A little bit. Huh? A little bit. Huh? Like Yeah man we just play for free. It's just a good time. It's like oh yeah, that's right. Old niggas. Yeah that's right. I'm sure you could probably joke. Yeah They can make it interesting. These niggas be nice nigga. That's how they, that's how they get. And a lot of niggas will play a down and shit like that. Nigga be nice. Them niggas hustling you. They nice. Nah, we play for free. You come in here. I mean we can put a little wager on it. You make it a little interesting. You know make a light on yourself. Your As Coming up. Yeah. You know the old head make a light on Yourself. You know better than that. Right? I ain't seen, I ain't seen your uncle since Rest in peace.


Holy Shit. Holy You Idiot. I thought he That is My. man. Yo rest in peace. Holy. That explains it. Stupid as nigga. Crazy Ice brought Ice brought his uncle over there one good time, maybe two good times. No it was once He Come back and he never came back, he would not come back. Niggas know what time It is for me on that spade table. Stop playing. Rest in peace to unc. He would shout the Come back. Shout to pop. Don't be stupid.


Don't be stupid right now. Ish Shout to Pop. Are you bringing Pops to the, to The moose's? The one V one. Okay. I'm sorry. You think that was the appropriate time to shut out my dad? I wonder why we Talking about spades and being nice to Spades. What do you But why you shout my dad out right there? Because Your dad is really nice to spades. He's insinuating he's better than You. I didn't insinuate anything. Well He's my dad. Okay. Well I mean he is my dad. What's your record against me since you won? Shout Niggas out The speeds. It ain't that bad. Yes, It is, I mean you you probably winning but it's not that bad. Well it's not that bad If we played how many games?


It's been 20 years. I'm saying. So if we played 20 games, probably like seven, eight out Of 20 S not like, that's not crazy good. I I, I I mean ain't it ain't 15 to five. It is 13 to seven. He's the math guy This shit right there. I'm telling you, Y'all probably won 60% of the games. I'm okay. I ain't saying nothing to beat already Luke. Oh Yeah. Let Him get it all.


Yeah, go ahead. Hey the beat already Luke. Get that shit off. Holy shit. Oh God. Oh man. You at the Moose would be hilarious Too. I'm going to the Moose. Nah, I should This shit serious. I'm very serious. Mad. Enjoy it. Bingo. Football Niggas And food And stories. Yes. Yes. That's the real, I've been looking for the where the 40-year-old niggas Beef It Is them type spots for sure. It is them because he Said, oh it's the old in spot. I'm like, what's old? He didn't say late thirties, forties, fifties. I said, oh That's me. Oh me. Fifties. All right. We at the moose with it. That's it. What else, what else, what else, what else is important?


The Meg doc. Anybody seen it? Y'all got prime? I have Prime. Prime. I used to watch football. I turned On football and I saw Meg there and I said I'm gonna watch football though. Yeah, I turn to watch Football and I gone Back. She crying. She started crying. I didn't really wanna see that. you Know what I mean? Respectfully. Exactly. So tell us about the doc. Has anybody seen any clips from it? Seen clips? Has anybody heard anything? I have seen about it. Yes. Like what, say you guys about the matter. I'm biased so I can't lead and kick her back in. So I have to lean on y'all to do something right here. Well you can't anyway, before I kick her back in, you can't 'cause you, you part of the dock so you gotta, oh wait, Joe's in the dock.


Yeah Joe. Yeah. Put me in the dock. They obeyed them fucking fear usage laws. It was a quick couple of seconds at every turn. You know, take it away Bill. Sorry. No worries. The clips that I saw that I think everybody else has seen is where she reveals that she did in fact have sex with Tori Lanes and that when she was doing her interview with Gail King, that she lied during that interview. That I know, right? No. Oh Wow. That was, I didn't think people Lied to Gail. Mm. Every once in a while I think that happens. Oh this is the Gale clip.


First of all, I ain't know that bitch was Yes bitch. I lied to Gayle King bitch first of, I ain't know that bitch was even Finn ask me about that shit. Bitch, you always Finn talk about this shooting. Why'd you ask me about fucking Tory? That's not what this is about. Even if I was, I fucked this nigga like once, maybe twice on drunk night bitch you kept catching me outta my fucking mind. Maybe three times or later. Dude, That's the clip. We talk about what? Say you guys about that clip that I just played so you can't keep saying Yeah I heard it. Or maybe what something, yeah, I heard a little bit. I seen it. Now that I've played it for you guys, let me play it again. Linen line Bullshit.


Lemme play it again. Y Bullshit. I lied to gay king bitch. First of all, I ain't know that bitch was even gonna ask me about that shit. Bitch, you always gonna talk about this shooting. Why'd you ask me about fucking Tory? That's not what this is about. Even if I was, I fucking the nigga like once, maybe twice on drunk night bitch you kept catching me Three Times, times later. Alright, what do you got? Kind of disturbing a little bit. She talked about it being drunk nights and then she also went on to say something about her being out her mind or something to that effect. Almost justifying she only had sex with him like in a, in a inebriated state.


You get what I'm saying? Like it almost was like, yo, I was outta my mind when I fucked him. Not I liked him and I thought he was attractive and appealing. So I had sex with him. I did it under these pretenses. It's framed. So it kind of is, it's Framed like I was taking advantage of once or twice or three times. Or Even if He ain't taking advantage of I, he fucked him 'cause I was drunk. You know what I'm saying? Taking advantage. That is taking advantage of so Drunk can't Consent. There's no about it. There's nothing Y'all have taught me that. Yes, we've learned that. There's no about it. If you are targeting women that are drunk for your sexual, your sexual acts, then yes, That is taking advantage of a woman. Society has taught me that. Yep. But not Necessarily targeting, I mean Target Is a mean word. But. yeah, because I mean he could've been, well No, taking advantage of He could've been drunk at the same time.


So it's two drunk people having fucking sex and everybody in this room has had drunk sex But. Yeah, but that ain't shit. Wait, am I tripping? Yeah. I don't know what's going on. We've said that before and, and it it don't matter. I What I'm saying is I don't necessarily think that that's what she's alluding to when she's saying this. Like that's just, that's I think that that's putting a lot of sauce on that I didn. I didn't get that from it either. I got that a little bit because she said it was more than once. Like it was once or twice or whatever. And every time I was drunk and I was out of my mind and that's all. So now that makes it seem like if I was in my right mind, I would've never fucked with This person. Kind of.


Okay. That can be inferred almost. So I ain't, I ain't really like that part. You know what I'm saying? I thought that that was inferred. It was a justification. The framing of it. Because that sounds very different from my best friend was fucking this dude and she was really into him so much so that I wanted to see what was good with him. And when she had the Boogie, I started fucking him and then got her fired from ever working with me. That sounds very different. Or me, or I fucked him so much and I have feelings for him that she and I got into a beef when the, the, the cat came out the bat. That's the only part that I don't like about Well it's not the only part, but that's one of the parts I don't like. I keep saying those two appeared to like each other.


They wasn't a secret. And then this news came out. They was out, They were on Instagram. They were They were publicly Yeah. Frolicking with one another. I had spoken to him at the time. He was head over heels into her. I can't speak for her 'cause I did not speak to her, but It looked like It. But they appeared to like each other. One, two, if this was just some drunk sex here and there, then when he stayed at that Kylie party, you don't, and you left. You don't get emotional. You don't come back to get him and place him in that vehicle and then have the fight. If there's no emotions here, you don't have the fight of Kylie wanting to fuck him and finding out that your friend fucked.


There's no emotions here. Your dog, you just a drunk night move be beat it. Beat It. Oh, I agree with that because supposedly allegedly in the story, she made the driver turn around. Right. Talking about I left my slippers there. Yeah. Let me go back and get my slippers. And when he was in the pool with his boxers on with shorty, why I gotta leave if it, if I was a piece of drunk, drunk Dick, get your slippers. 'cause I know that's not what you came back for, but get your slippers and leave. Yeah. Like niggas know how that go. And if you omit, if you omit that fact that they was fucking on such a national platform like with Gale King, well then we hear it and say, oh, Tory's just a cockamamie lunatic.


Cory's just Cory. Well he is a cockamamie. He's S not He's Cory foul, but Tory would just be a cockamamie lunatic who couldn't take being insulted or being with a woman that was more successful than him, quote unquote and just started shooting at her. And if that's the story you're sticking with, cool. But niggas with brains that don't really, lemme speak for me. 'cause there's plenty of people with brains that think otherwise that don't, that don't, It's painted different. Don't, it's a different brush. Don't do it. It's a different brush. That's pain. It's a very different brush. You know what you're doing by lying to like all the girls. Like, oh, she, she could, she'd be able to lie on the puts you if she want to.


Yeah. But not in this case. Not in a case where you're going to court and alleging certain things and accusing certain things. Now It is not the time to lie. Yeah, it's, I haven't seen the entire, I haven't seen the documentary, you know, so I reserve the right to have like another opinion about everything else that she says. But this clip does nothing for her. Like it looks, it, it makes her sound really bad because she, the story keeps on changing. And so with the mindset of, well if you lied about this, then what else did you lie about? That's it. Then this, this really fucks with your credibility. It just, it just does like, just a normal person thinking, well if you're capable of lying to lying about this and lying on national tv, then what else is there Else about something as as, as light as having sex?


I Will And and implying that you get out of your mind drunk and you're making decisions that you wouldn't normally make. Yeah. Some of that shit. I will also say, you know, when it comes to the interview, a lot of people were shocked by the fact that that question even came up because I mean, she's there because, and she's Rock Nation. Am I correct in saying this? She's Rock Nation's artist. Before you do an interview of this magnitude, considering everything that was going on, there's going to be some questions that are off the table. And so it's, it was always interesting to me like how that question even got snuck in. Why? Because it's relevant. It's very relevant. And why would that be a question? It is one of the most relevant. This man is fighting for freedom in his Life. Because, because because I can tell you why.


Because this was not the court of law. This was an interview with Gail King and her, and her label was meant to protect her. That's right. Publicity and, and make and make her position, position her to be seen in the best light. So it's not, she's right. So, so that, that's why It's not journalism and it's not an objective interview. Listen, I'm asking, This is, I'm asking a question that's so ridiculous. I'm asking a question. Is it real journalism? 'cause in a real journalistic interview, it happens, It happens every day. It happens every day that a big name artist comes in and sits down for an artist in front of a real journalist. And the people in power say, you stay away from this, you stay away from this, you stay away from this, you stay away from this. We had people come sit here And they in instruc us not to tell certain things or ask certain things.


Yo, you do not ask about this, this, this, this or this. Y'all tell him one side of the coin. All of That is a given. We know that people have publicists. Certain questions are typically off limits. The other side of That is then you get the journalist who's a journalist and gonna ask, then you get Charlemagne, who's gonna ask Tyler no matter what her team says. Hey, what's up with this Gail King? I would assume I've never met her. Falls into that boat of, yo, this is a question that's important for what we talking about. I'm gonna ask it. It shouldn't have been so dog, you saw her r Kelly interview. Like it shouldn't have been so out of the realm of possibility that this question would come up as it pertains to the case. If y'all told her not to.


Yeah. Even if you told her not to. And I don't think that Gail is accepting in that instance from Meg and Rock Nation questions that I'm not asking. I'm Gail King. You need this story. Yeah, I don't need this story. That is true. I'm me. I'm doing y'all a favor. Yes. I don't even know these little hip, the hop, the hi the hip hop cases. That's true. I agree with that. So can I ask a question just because I don't know, I don't remember, but when she gave testimony in court, did she admit that they had slept go together in court? Because I can't remember that part. I don't Know if it ever came up, but it did come up in court. It did. I think it did come up in court. Think, look. And So what was, and I want say that she answered it honestly. She, she, She answered because she couldn't, she couldn't perjure herself. Did it did come up.


Okay. It did come up because we said something About it. My confusion is like, I don't understand why she's talking about it in the doc now and how she, why she's talking about it. So cavalierly You know what I mean. Like, oh, that bitch don don, it Was one of the big parts, parts wasn't cavalierly and it was one of The bigger, again, didn didn't say wasn't ca so I don't, I don't know what, I don't know what it's, she's Crying. She got emotional. Okay. She was the victim. She did a lot of victim. Woe is me. Okay. Damn. This is what happened. I'm gonna play the clip where she goes in the, the montage of her going in on the bloggers and the potters and all of that shit. Okay? But it wasn't a cavalier Thing. Okay then I I, For her it was a very heavy moment of expressing herself throughout From that clip.


I, because I, like I had said, I have not seen the entire documentary from that clip. She's Crying, she's crying, lied to Gil, she's crying here. Her hair's a mess. She's being vulnerable and transparent. She's always gonna talk about this shooting. It's not just, I'm saying this in, in, in passing. It's not okay. She did Admit in court that she lied in the interview. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. She Did. Okay. I remember that. So then I guess that that's, but that was A big thing at the time. So much so that I was shocked that this was such a, a big news story. I was shocked that this took up the, the newsfeed for the day until Thug got free. We know she lied Because she admitted to it. We kind of know why she lied.


Like why is it a thing now that she's saying she lied and I don't like her calling Gail Ganga bitch like this. But I guess, I guess also the thing about being drunk, you was drunk that night on the night. That's what I'm saying. That's in question minute ago. Yeah. Here's the clip of, it's a lengthy clip, but I'll, I'll play most of it. No won't. I was like this Videos look at the horse. Oh yeah, no, that was, y'all make Some motherfucking noise to Troy. You thought that you could pass me up in a Match? Nah, I rewind. That's the point. I got A restraining order. Make some fucking noise. Gonna rolling loud. He came on right after me.


I'll get somebody out here a million dollars if they could get who in help y'all make some more fucking noise to Troy l You thought that you could pass me up In a mess? He shouldn't have did that. You was just trying to show me that was foul. We could do whatever we wanna do. And then he was chopping up horse legs in his music videos. Looking horse legs. That's a horse leg bro. Think it's making snake. They said like the HG is, that's not nice. Mad special. What Is that? The hot girl special? Is it Hot girl Summer. That's really fucking sick. He was constantly threatening me and everybody was laughing and everybody was supporting him. LeBron is publicly speaking about how good Tory Lane's music is he a solid dude? Motherfucker knew Joe Biden toing the fucking chat bro.


Three Tory lane's two one time. Why did all the men in the industry decided they needed to jump in? Yo, you heard the baby smash Megan Thee stallion multiple times. He said he did even the day before the bitch got shot once. Was there a reason that you felt like you should, you know, indicate y'all had a relationship in some sort? Or Sorry, clearly Say It is what It is. 50 cent tro the hell out of Megan Thee stallion. I don't like that girl makes a Demon, bro. I'll cut it off dear. That was my little part in the clip. Oh man. He saying I don't like that girl. Yo, I think we should bring back saying who we don't like.


Look at. We can pu that cut. We can do that. Pussy didn didn't know that went away. Yo, all y'all walk to Starbucks, they can move. Get out the fucking way pussies and Yes it did. Go away. Look around. Look around. Who says yo, I don't like him. Nobody says that. Nobody says yo, I don't like them. Nah, they say if they think they could beat the person. No, they say I don't hear it. They say they don't say if they think they can't beat the person. No, no, no, no. They say it if everybody else is okay with not liking that person. Good point. That's a great point. Once you tag lame, the game is followed the leader. So that's, that's what It is. If it's okay for everybody to not like him, then yeah, I don't like that person. Y'all believe Meg only fucked to three times. She said two, two times. No, I do not.


It's not my business. I don't give a fuck. But no, just to answer that question, I want this story to go away. I do. I'm I'm, I'm over this. I don't care anymore. Tory's gone. I, gotta wait for chicks. Tape six. That's that. It's over. Meg's career is continuing to do whatever the fuck it's doing. Why is It, is it still It is messy still a thing? It's over. Yo it's over because The documentary came out and now she's now she's saying things in her own words. So that's why it's got like another, you know, oh, this is News cycle years old Or five. It keep happening. No, this is five years Old. You niggas forgot. Everybody died during the Pandemic. We get new, we get new updates with Tori when he files a appeal or whatever the case may be.


And that breeds more life into it. That's a legal thing. I'm, I'm just saying. Well, no, it just puts him back in a news cycle. I'm talking about the story though in General. I'm talking about the story. Even with him when he was dropping music and doing the prison tapes and doing like, like everything. These two are married for the rest of Eternalism. Yeah. So whatever one does, they both are gonna pop back up Now on the other side. I'm not mad at her telling her, getting her shit off. Neither am I I am like Everybody else getting they shit off. Everybody else telling they side of how they feel about things. Go ahead. Yeah. I I might not watch it, but I'm not mad at you doing that. Does he ever get a opportunity to tell his side? He's Absolutely gonna get his opportunity. He did it. Yeah. He's done it multiple times.


He Was doing it in music. That's what got him fucked up. Yeah. He was doing it. It, no. Yeah. And there's A and Everybody sat up here and agreed that some of the shit he was doing was egregious and just out of pocket. Everybody up here said that that's Not the same. Maybe if he told his side in a different way, he wouldn't be in this position. Oh no. He, he did a lot of shit that fucked him. He did a bunch of goofy shit. Yes. My question was that don't have nothing to do with his question. It's not, has nothing to do with him. All right. So what's your question? My question is, does he get an opportunity to tell his side of the story within the next 10 years? Him mentioning stuff in a rap. Oh, okay. Him doing dumb shit in public or in a rap is not him telling his side of what? Two things. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Lemme ask. There's two things. He had that chance he could have told his side on the stand.


No, he didn't. Not true. He didn't. He he had that opportunity. He could have told his side of exactly what happened on the stand. Well that's The part that makes it corny for me because nobody can say with certainty why he didn't. Exactly. That's one. And if that, I'm just saying he had the chance and if that's the case and if that's the case, he did not. You did, she finally gets the, I dunno you saying she finally get a chance to tell her side. She, she took the stand too. She's free. And that's my point dog. Do we saying the same shit then, then There there's a difference between you being the defendant and you being the witness or the, you know, the person that this happened to. She gets up there, she's being asked questions. The reason why he doesn't get up on the stand is a lot of defense attorneys will tell their clients, don't I cannot protect you from the prosecution what their questions are going to be.


And it might open up a really big hole that you're gonna fall basically into. Mel Ice said he had an opportunity. I said Ice said she finally gets an opportunity to tell her side of the story. That's what Ice said In this documentary. Yes. Yeah. Yes. That is what Ice said. Yes. She gets a chance and he's asking about him. Hey man, Mel Mel. And and y'all said that he had an opportunity to tell his side of the story on the hot seat. Yes, because So It is her opportunity to tell her side of the story on a hot seat equal to his The reason why No, the reason Why he No, it's not. Let me answer. No, she's the victim. No it's not. She was the victim in this. We are talking about telling a story from somebody's perspective.


It don't matter what role you played in it. You could have been the victim. You could have been the aggressor. We're talking about telling a story and an opportunity in which to do so. And I can't, why can't he tell A story? Exactly. But But in the next 10 years he'll be able to tell it. But this is the way that it, Oh, he could, he could tell it now, But this is the way that it would've played out in court. He messages out and shit. He's getting records still out. He could tell his side of the story, but The way that It would've, I guess if somebody went, if he's got pro in jail, he could tell his story. He took it. But if, if somebody can go, that's Too easy to say because y'all don't know why he didn't tell the story. I'm noise. Anybody's gonna make me Sound. Trying to figure out why he didn't tell a story. Because we already running with whatever stories were given to us And we are running with, he told us a story.


He told we, we ain't acting like to through his defense. He said shit, no, through him. What story did, what story did he tell through his defense That he didn't do it. That it wasn't his gun and that he didn't shoot her. That's the story. So if he had decided to take the stand, the defense would've been the first one that questions him. And the questioning was obviously going to be like, know softball law, softball's, lobbed at you to be able to tell the most sympathetic version of what happened from your perspective. Then that leaves him open to the prosecution to come in and hit him with a bunch of questions that might jam him up. So most defense attorneys tell their clients to stay off the stands. Man track one off of the Daystar album is Money Over Fallouts.


He told his story of what happened. What'd he say? He Said it. He right, he, you know, I didn't do this. You know, I didn't do that. This is like, he went and said his version on a record. Bro, This is the irony in all this is there are a community is a community of people that feel like he's not gonna tell his story because he's protecting black women. Well no, I think I don't even be, I don't think that's that's what you want. I don't think that's his motive. I don't think that's his intent. I think his intent is I'm not gonna tell what happened. 'cause now I'm gonna get looked at like a rat and we know how our society looks at rats and snitches. So now I'm gonna sit here and be the fuck quiet and not tell what really happened.


That's some people's interpretation of, and let me be what he's doing first to say That is dumb. That's some people's interpretation of what he's doing as hell. Here's my question to you. It's gonna make me sound like idiot, but I'll ask it anyway. How long can she tell this story? Forever. Tell me forever. This one forever Because this, this ain't Nevermind. I'm asking I'm Is it forever Answer told the same story. But anyway, I don't care about that. I'm just saying whatever your version of whatever her version the story is and how she wants to frame, she Can tell it. Yeah. Why she, she don't gotta stop Got it. Okay.


Why this subject make y'all get all quiet and get you Not y'all? Nah, not at all. Mine seem like y'all cool. No, my thing, my thing is it's, it's a touchy subject 'cause somebody got injured. Right? So you, you want to be sympathetic and, and show some y'all scared 'cause she suing that girl. No, No I don't Got it. Milan girl Ain't got nothing to do with me. Nah. I just think that I'm happy about that too. Why nigga is Because you can't just get on a microphone and say things. I say that all the time. There is some responsibility that comes with how you utilize your platform. And if you get on here and just start saying crazy shit about people with no foundation basis or merit, then you open to what comes from that.


And Milagro, as much as I love her, is down with that click of, it's like Bush league reporting. She's down with that gorilla style. It's like a gorilla style. Tasha Kade tabloid us weekly type style reporting National Inquirer. So yeah, the national inquiring them niggas got lawsuit money put to the side for when stupid shit like this happen. True. You don't. So you get on the YouTube with all that, all that rman roll and you, you take what comes to you. Yeah. And the girlies are gonna be the one to do it. IE Cardi and Tasha and now here we have it Megan and fucking on her.


So yeah, I think Meg is well within her. Right. She's gonna get up there and say, I lost sleep. I lost money, I lost this, I lost opportunities. I'm stressed. I thought about ending things. Trigger warning, just whatever you say. And yeah, Milan gonna have to go figure it out. Two birds, one stone. I, I agree. I think, I think what's gonna happen is You can't sue me for saying when He finally don't, when he finally speaks, like if he gets the opportunity to do a documentary or some shit again, albeit it might be a long time from now, I think it'll, it'll change some of the public opinions and, and, and bring a little bit of doubt into the situation.


I think a lot of people got doubt. They already do. They do a lot. But when he gets an opportunity to talk, I think they're gonna have more doubt. So he should do it, you're saying should, should. Absolutely. I think he should. So how do you think he should, do you think he should do I think he should do it in a structured manner in the same way that everybody else does in a doc or in a some, 'cause this is a doc. You understand what I'm saying? So it has some structure to it. It had some production to it. It has some Hmm. Pull up this, pull up that y'all, the doc kings, y'all understand what's going on here. I didn watch plenty of No what I'm saying, jail phone calls on Doc. That's what I was to Now watching the Meg doc, That's a part of it. Yeah. Yeah. Then the rest of the team do all the other shit. The media and he's in there. Give your story, let us paint and do all of the, get the graphics and this picture.


And like he can put a doc together. He literally do it tomorrow. I don't know about tomorrow, but what like, What is is saying he doesn't have to be outta jail for it to happen. I guess He can give a fairly quick response to this. His side. At this point, what's done is done. Y'all don went to court, you done been found guilty, sentenced all of this. I I would've it it, that's the other part. Inspected you to have been come out and that's you. Everybody don't think like you and everybody don't live by the same rules and laws that you live by. That's true. Everybody different. Yep. You, right? So some niggas are sitting in jail for life and knowing that they ain't do some shit. I salute to them. I ain't doing that.


I just thought the timing was really strange Of her doc. Yes. Well the timing was a little strange. Yeah. Why, Why? Because like you said, everything is set, said and done. He is, you know, he's in jail. He was convicted. He's going through the appeals process. She has gone on with her life. She's, you know, she's doing what she's doing. Why bring it back up now? Because it was, there was so much negativity, you know, and she discusses this in the doc. It just seems strange to talk about it now because now you're just reinvigorating the conversation or Or reopening wounds that you said you wanted to heal from That part. So that's what's it's, that's what's strange to me.


Point. That's A good point. Well, you know, As an accompanying piece to your album, that's what makes it odd a little bit. You just put out whatever you put out And it wasn't moving. Yeah, but I mean maybe, maybe she just learned that it wasn't moving. Maybe the plan was for this piece to accompany my project and gimme a big boost. I think that was a bad plan. I think it backfired a little bit in terms of how she's perceived. Yes. There's a lot of people that are praising her and celebrating her board. On the flip side of that, I don't think it's working the way especially 'cause the album isn't really dealing with that at all. That's the point.


She didn't really do anything. Not saying she has to, but she didn't do anything to the, the doubters. If anything, she gave them more ammo. So if I look at it as if whatever you're putting out, your supporters are already there. If you not trying to get those people, that's, I don't know, you know, if you're not trying to do that, I don't understand the purpose of it then. 'cause everything everybody I saw was just like, And that's exactly what Yeah. It's, it's the lion part that comes out. And that's exactly what I mean. Like that's What rule. Like it's, it's not even a, sorry, I'm gonna cut you. It is not, Don't cut all, It's not monitoring a woman's body count and all that type of, of stuff that they try to make it out to be.


It's just the fact of, okay, well now you're saying you did lie about this. That's why so many people are focusing on it because you were so adamant that you didn't. Alright. So that's a lie. But we been to a lie. I we did. Yeah. But they, they hear her say it in her own words. That, and there's people that might Well Yes. You gotta understand and say that Fuck, that that Shit We talk not violin. No. Yes. That's not bitch. Yeah. I fucked that motherfucker. I only fucked him once or twice. I was outta my mind. I was drunk. It's a thing. And that you now you tell a lie. Ain't telling the truth. Well, that's what liars do because that was a a that, that was a plate of lies fresh out the microwave on seven minutes. Hot steaming.


Hot steaming lies. Y'all gonna learn out there. Humans. I'm not talking to men or women, humans. Y'all gonna learn about fucking the liabilities and that's it. She was a liability for him. He was a liability for her. The end. I Don't wanna have to hear about it for five and six years when y'all are fucking people that are li Liabilities. Why you think that? Why? I think what If that don't happen? Let's say that the the but it happen. It Happens. You can't predict. I am. It's some people disagree with that. It's some people that hold the bigger, bigger risk than others. You say you can't predict that if, If bitch I could have predicted that them girls that your man put in the car and brought to Saint that night wanted you to pay for the calamari.


I know everybody cannot predict that. You might not Predict the exact situation. No, no, no, no, no. You might can predict if she's, if the rumors are to be true and how she's been acting while drunk. We've heard stories you can predict That is a liability. Hey, might, yes, this, this could be a liability. And also can we, can we keep in mind You, right? That these are like young, hot, rich, you know, 20 somethings, they get fucked up and stuff like that. So their ability to assess risk is next to fucking nothing. And they think that they, they get, they get told it's a cop out. Yes. It's not, it's not a cop out, it's a cop out. I I'm not using it as a cop out. It's, it's just simply a reason. But It is a cop out. It's, it's simply just a part of the package. When You was 20 something, you was wild and crazy.


You couldn't hold it down. No. No. What? No, I wasn't, I I particularly was more reserved. But that's me. But that's who I've always been. I've always been on the more reserved side. I've never been wild and crazy shit. I've come up here and said, fuck, I wish I was more wild and crazy and did the shit I was accused of. You know, but that's her. This is me. You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I don't look at it with judgment. So I'm just looking at this whole situation of everybody's young, everybody's rich, everybody's hot, everybody's famous, and they're all fucking consuming, Whatever. And you know what? And I'm thinking about it, They're not really thinking About the risk.


They might do that as a liability because I'm rich in all of This shit. I usually get away with Exactly that part because they're constantly told. Yes. So whenever, not even told yes, but if something happens, we fix it. We can, we make it go away. We make it go away. That's true. I agree with that. Yeah. No, Don. Okay, Well, speaking only for myself, the tall drunk doofy slide is a liability. Sorry that I have to be the bearer of bad news for y'all. But did you always know that? come on the tall, drunk, goofy slide. Yo, what's wrong with you sir? The tall drunk doofy slide is a liability.


Especially if they TikTok like, what the fuck are y'all? I'm sick of this fucking clean. Pardon? Y'all niggas know when you see the drunk girl in the club, that may be an issue. You guys are speaking from the perspective of 40 something. Nah, not just that. You talking about the club. She's not a megastar. Niggas with the Napoleon complex be a liability too. That Be true. That's a good point. That be true. Have a boy Cook. You know that the short nigga at some point Is gonna get in some violence. It is going to have a day, some Violence. Yeah. Go off. What the fuck are we We talking about here? Man? Use your own discernment. Don't listen to Joe. But my life is, is, is is and has been nuts and shouldn't be the example for any of y'all listening out dear.


Use your own discernment there. That's what I have for you. Okay? And I'm sick of This shit. Yeah, I'm, I'm I'm over it. Tired. Tired. Unless a video pop out Of what? Oh, then I'm back. Video Pop out now. Hold on now. Damn. If a video pop up, I'm back. I don't even Still think Meg is suing Malila growth for like a lot. I didn't read the whole thing a lot To who what was said. Yeah, anyone. Now it was a deep fake video that went around and Meg is alleging that Milagro promoted the video.


A deep fake sex tape, correct? Yeah. Deep, deep fake sex tape. Oh, so she, and then in in the complaint it showed that Milagro had liked or favorited the vi the a tweet with the video in it and then tweeted, Hey, if y'all wanna see it, go look at my likes, Got it And then say she was Milagro was fucking somebody in a Tory camp. I don't know if that's true or not, but It is sure fun to listen to. Like when you see how people report on certain shit like Oh Shit. Oh now Okay, he fucking that nigga girl Bunch of Mess. I don't know that to be true so don't sue me. Messy shit. Don't sue me. I ain't Bunch of messy shit.


Yeah, I sorry, sorry. This shit is mess. Hey, this is all we had until Thug came home. What? No You right? What You want. This is all that was there. I was so shocked that they Was Alright. I'm never talking about it again until that video comes. Oh yeah, No, like I said, if a video Dropped until that video comes and I double down and triple and quadruple down and everything that I said in that dot, can't even fucking search my name no more or these fucking mag, I piss I shit. Shit. Yeah. I am You. right? I said it, I said it meant it would say it again. Oh man. And prayers to all Involved. Yes. Thoughts And prayers. Thoughts and prayers always to all involved.


It's so good to pause and people already know like who you don't fuck with. No for real because then I ain't even gotta dance around. You gotta a final safe point BC loophole. Like, hey fuck her. Oh my God. Yo. So Ari Lytics and Dreamville. Nope. Well mess to another one. This is the messy segment of the pod. Yeah. It is, you know, I Why is this messy? Because she put out a 18 minute video saying that she didn't feel safe and protected and she wants to be dropped from the label.


I didn't listen to the whole 18 minutes. I don't have that type of, I did, did you? I yeah, during the morning sig it was bright and early. You Went back to back with the Sig. I went, oh my God. I watched the sunrise to that that whole 18 minutes. It was beautiful on the balcony. I started to, well once I started hearing all that, I don't feel safe and protected 'cause they ain't put my single out or something. Oh. That's when I put my phone closer to my ear. Oh my God. Had to buy my own Google ads some shit. I said. All right. Yep. All right. Who feels passionate about this one? This is another one I'm biased in. Are you, Is that a real question? Well, I feel like on some levels he can relate to label issues.


So that's Why I'm biased. Yeah. Oh you meant biased. 'cause I don't fuck with her, right? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm an artist. I'm a artist first. So anytime a artist is having trouble with their label, at their label and has grievances, I want him to be able to get the fuck outta there. Okay. So since you listen to the 18 minute perspective, are you agreeing with her? I agree with any artist that feel suppressed with their business partner. Okay. Any one of them. Do I agree with how she went about it? Not necessarily because you write back on social media after you said you were done with social media. Well it ain't December yet. Yeah. And, and you're looking for the, the fans to come out and and wave the flags for you dog call the lawyer Word.


Yeah. That's it. That's all you gotta do. Once you see the day playing with you a certain way, once you not feeling like you're being treated properly, all you gotta do is call the lawyer and get the process started pissing people off that have to let you out of a contractual agreement. I don't ever think is the greatest idea Until No. 'cause you might start not letting you out because nah, fuck you now. Yeah. I'm not letting you out. And that's where the court of public opinion comes in. And when the public, the public starts to be like, no, that's fucked up. Yo, nah, that's fucked up. Nah, that's fucked up. You might be like, we don't want to take this Heat that only matters on the internet. Yeah. I was getting ready to, I can assure you that the, the company people don't give a fuck what the court of public opinion is saying.


As long as I get 70 cent off of, of your dollar, 80 cent off of your dollar. I'm just sitting here collecting. I want your talented ass to get out there and work through all the turbulence I'm eating. Fuck what they talking about. If By your old goul As in, go Ahead. Yeah. Got you. My thing is, this is in a time where we already said the labels, no labels are spending no money. Right. You are not a no disrespect, but you're not an A one act. So why, what are you expecting the label to do in a time where it's down for everybody Or B two or C3?


Seriously, I'm just Saying There's a pecking order. Don't make me the bad guy to say the fucking, but that's my point. But that's my point. There's a pecking order here. If the A one act ain't getting no money put up behind them, Nicole's getting money. He's, he's Good. No, no, I'm talking about money behind him. I'm talking about promotion and shit. Like Cole, Cole comes with a lot of promotion on his own. Who he can't promote her if he at Drake house trying to make up Yep. At Drake house. Who, Who, who's the A one in her field? Scissor. Scissor. Summer. Summer. Summer. Right. Her her. Yeah. Scissor Hass been complaining about her album getting pushed back. That's that's true. That's That is happening to the wait to the A one s that that's, that's a TDE thing though. They all do that. It's her label.


I'm just saying that S never once said gimme away from them. I'm just saying. Or that they, or that I'm not protected by the Yeah, some people think that TDE orchestrates, I Say that all time. The artist Beefing with 'em. That's part of the rollout. Some people believe that that's fake. I don't know if I'm on that side. I am but Ari's shit is not fake. No, I just don't get it. Right. Last year, two years ago, whenever it was, she was just in with Jermaine Dre. I don't know who paid for that, but I don't think it was free. Mm. And if it was to go jd, but I don't think it was free. The money that it cost to get that pressure record to wherever it was in Top 40 Urban.


It cost, it cost, cost. We also put you on a Broadway tour. You didn't have a blast, you didn't like it. But somebody puts you there. You've had features with Jasmine Sullivan whose album was critically acclaimed. You've had features with the, the big, some of the big dogs that are in your field Can real quick putting her on a Rod Wave tour. Give giving her some, some, some bell here. Could that be, if you're her, could that be the Y'all ain't protecting me. Y'all ain't really? Yes. Could you put me in a, y'all not putting me in a position to win on a Rod Wave tour.


Yes. You potentially opening me up to New Eyes, but they ain't, rod Wave is on tour right now. You know who we got? tsi, moneybag, yo. People like that where it's a little bit more in line. The fans ain't gonna necessarily get up here booing and throwing shit Dog. You anybody too. If you asking me to speculate, I think that some, somebody on the Rod Wave side had to be convinced to let her on the tour. Yeah. I think Favors was called in from people in higher positions. Okay. So yeah, we did this, we did that. We put you on a tour. Now it's time to, to get a look at what's, what's coming back. If You put me on a tour that's, I'm, I'm pretty much set up to fail on.


Yeah, I was gonna say, does that negate But that's not, That's not, why is that, why is that, that's Not something you know in advance That somebody the label should know in advance though. No, That's impossible to know. He's a, he's a huge artist. We just saw him Do it. So just because somebody's a huge artist. You take anybody that'll best well on your to Not anybody. It's not like we're talking a, a country star or something like that. So if I a similar of music, I wouldn't know who you would better pair with on A tour. That's not true. 50 50. But that's not true. It's not even 50 50. That couldn't be further from the truth. I talk all the time up here about, we just said with Kevin Liles about the people that are hands on with music and know a little bit about music, how they've been pushed outta the music business. There are people in the music business that ain't thinking about none of that shit.


You talking about we looking at numbers, dollars and Something. Okay. So that's what I'm Saying. Then the all, all we looking at is if Ari Lennox is on this tour, she is in front of 20,000 people this amount of nights. Yes. Whether It is the perfect marriage, whether it meshes well, they don't give a fuck about that. We been spending money, we trying to get this girl in front of eyes. Some exposure, some exposure to get our, to get our money back. Got it, I I Got it. Like I said, if you're Her and wait, hold up real quick. Hold up and because I hate that everybody's pussy now, like we just in a time where the pussy is thing to say is the right thing to say her, they put her on the to, they weren't protecting her.


Newsflash, the label ain't there to protect you. The label's not there to protect you. Sorry, that that has to permeate this way. What, what does She mean by protection? Nah. I, I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't agree, Dog. The label is putting you in positions that they think and they control your rights and your movements that they think will be advantageous and for you to win. All right? So Hold up. If You get out there, bump your fucking head. I'm tired of these spoil fucking acts. Yo, you know how many times I was put in a position to fail, but the upside was enormous. So you give it a go. Enough of this cry baby shit.


It's not cry baby shit though, Joe. It depends on if she meant physic, physically protected. That's something different. And that's why I think they throwing shit out, right About the, about about the tour and the reference of protection being Whoop, Being the tour. Oh, baby, listen, they threw the I'm You guys are sick. God, y'all, you guys are crazy. Nigga fucking s not being pussy. Hey, you guys are, Hey Anthony. Somebody ever threw something at you? Ice? Answer me. Let's talk for real. I ain't gonna yell. Let's talk. Has anybody ever thrown anything at you? Yeah. Has anybody ever thrown anything at you? Yes. If somebody said to either one of you, Hey, go down that road. Potentially there's millions and millions of dollars there, but somebody might throw, somebody might throw something at you, some people might not.


Like. Are you going or are you not? This is not a trick question. Listen, I'm going. What? Say you, yes, I'm going to walk down that street now. Can I, can I, can I Now back to her. You also, if y'all, if y'all are sitting here saying that the label is just caring about making they money, right? I need to know the product I have. If, if this, if her mental, if they, if it affects her mental, it affects her ability to work, it affects all of This shit. We not making no money. So why am I gonna put, I'm sabotaging myself at that point. You know, I don don. You don't know that prior to. You need to know, but you the people that care not there no more. Hold up. Let's talk. Let people that, but you don't know that prior to.


Lemme talk to them. You know who you dealing with. The people that care aren't there anymore, won two music business is football contracts. They never lose. The second that this ain't working out, you are done. And if you've been looking around, all every label has been doing is consolidating for the past year and a half and getting rid of extra baggage. You gotta know that as a artist. So if I can't take, I, if ice is signed to me and I can't go put you on a health pod or Joe Rogan pod on Kill Tony, if I can't put you in front of all these eyes and you produce, I ain't gonna go home and figure out, Hey, where can I put him to produce? No, I'm getting ice the fuck outta here.


Which is what she asking for. Let me get the fuck outta here. I think she, thats what she's saying. I I think she will receive it from the major. I don't think whoever her parent company is is so in love with her. I think her fight comes from whatever the Dreamville from wherever the Dreamville contractor is. I think it'd the other way around. I, I'm pretty sure Cole Cole and his people would probably be like, all right, go ahead then. I think Interscope would, Well I don't, people Above would be like, Normally with a production company, they're responsible for the curation and, and the development. So I mean, she sounds unhappy with them just for and, and nobody's spending and, and y'all not convincing them to spend. But even if we get to the root of what she's talking about, it's something that every artist is dealing with.


Right. This very second shit. Coily Ra just announced that she got her release papers independent now. Yep. She sounds super excited about it. Sorry Billy. I didn't report on all that shit Billy boy. It was juicy. It was Billy, but you my man, she was on your So didn didn't report on it, but it's rectified. Coily Rad says Independence is here. All y'all in the Quay pond, we out now. Right? She sounds happy about it. fao, same exact thing. Recently put out a post. Yo, this is my first time being independent. Fuck the numbers and the streams. All that shit was fake anyway. And I know everybody says that, but all that shit was fake anyway. Boy am I super excited about this new independent journey. I think we gonna see a lot more posts like that for sure from Acts.


And it might go good for some And it might go and it might go bad for some. I don't think that Ari's gonna have a hard time getting the release now. What you going to do? Yeah. With your release and now you got, now you, if you've been crying at every fucking turn for the past seven years with support, talking about, oh, I'm uncomfortable. Oh my God. He looked at me. Oh my God, they threw the fucking Pepsi bottle at my head. Oh my God. Why is nobody spending my money on Google ads? Hey yo, This shit ain't ugly. It ain't, it ain't scripted to be cute for nobody. It ain't, You're gonna spend a lot on Google ads on your own And you gonna be sad. You're going to be sad. Yo. A record you thought was gonna work, It is gonna fail.


A record that you didn't think was gonna work is gonna take off and you're gonna have a fan base come to you because they think that that's what you on. And that's not what you want. You're gonna have to argue with your management. Argue with your label, argue with your publicist, argue with your lawyer. Argue for people to see your fucking vision. It is no easy way to do This shit. And I'm tired of all these new age acts complaining at every turn about shit that you signed up for. Y'all did this. You could have been independent from the jump. But you don't because cold, because Dreamville, because in it's cold, it's the best of the best. Who says no nobody until you go out there and bump your fucking head a couple times. So I hope This shit gets her release because I support artists getting their release. And you're gonna bump your head more independent for sure.


And you're gonna spend more of your own moneys. That's the other side. You think them Google Ads is kicking your ass word. Yeah. I tell people all the time, make sure that that contract you want to get outta is that contract that you want to get outta. Because I listen to all 18 minutes and all I heard was I don't have Marketing Girl is a lot of, is a, is much bigger problems that that you can have. Yeah, because now let's say you go make the record of your life. You got your release like you asked for now you made the record of your life. You made her damage for you. What you doing with it? Great point. If you don't have no marketing money and no budget, what are you doing with it?


Fucking 50 cent just went on. Can you even afford to beat Breakfast Club or wherever he went and he was talking about, he was responding to Amari Hardwick's comments about being underpaid on ghosts. 50 was like, I think he overvalues his himself himself. And he went on and said more. But it got me to thinking, well, not me thinking, 'cause I know the answer to this already, but presented to the audience, who is the king maker? Like who made, who made that power universe Go, am Omar Hardwick bi or ghosts? Because if it's ghosts then it's the people, the writers that created Ghost. Ghost. It's the writers.


And if you leaving it to the people that created ghosts, we can go create Ghosts 50 50. No, it ain't, it's not true. It is, that's not true. It is, explain It to me Because listen, you can have a fabulous script. It's words on paper. It's the interpretation of the actor and the artist that makes those words jump off the paper and and become the performance and become the character that we fucking love to hate or hate to love. But we still are fucking invested. I agree with that. That's why I say it's 50 50, But it's not 50 50 till until It is There you go. So do you think so? Do you think that's why Rut, But No, no, no. So intellectual Property exists. I understand that. So my point is, is that Amari Hardwick isn't talking about day one.


I was underpaid from day, he's talking about the whole scope, the whole six years. So season one after season. He wasn't Known for six years. Oh, what? Well, five, however many years was five. 'cause he died, right? Four Or five. It don't matter. Go ahead. Go ahead. It Doesn't matter. Okay. Basically he kind of became the show people watched for ghost performance. They did. That's Not true. And that's where the problem lies. That's wrong. Because respectfully now. Respectfully too. Because Yeah, they like the, they like, he Did an amazing job. People bought into power the entire collective. And this, we have proof of this 'cause niggas is watching Tariq niggas, pardon me, are watching Tommy and Canaan and all of the other things Associated. All of that stuff is associated. Let us cook for a second.


It's not as a result of Omar Hardwick. It's as a result of people buying into the power universe and what it offered. I think the script, especially in the first couple seasons was amazingly written and they were all carrying out. It was a whole bunch of moving pieces. He was a big piece in that pause. But he wasn't like the, the end all be all to the power universe. So I think it was a marriage. And if you, I wouldn't say it was 50 50. I would say it was I 70 30. I, I kind of disagree. Now I'm thinking about it because I think about what Robert Downey Jr did for the MCU. It's different. How, how nobody gave a fuck about none. Nothing. MCU until Robert Downey Jr.


Does Ironman one in oh eight. That's why I say It Is a thing until it isn't. But that's what I'm saying is like Amari Hardwick is talking from, from the perspective of having there was ghost No. For the, for those four or five seasons, whatever the case is. Totally. So he is not talking about being underpaid from like day, you know, day one. Right. There's there probably not much of an expectation, but when it's season five, is there an expectation that my pay is going to increase dramatically because of what I have delivered? Correct. Season after season After season, then yes. I would say that he has a right to that you to that that Make someone make me sound like I'm keeping for the whites. Tell me what Amari Harrow was in before power. I can't right now. I Bet you can't. Tell me, tell me what Robert Downey Jr.


Was in before Ironman gel. He was in a Bunch of shit before he making jokes. I I was He ain trying to be funny. Yo Amari hard. I remember Can jokes up here now. Amari Hardwick. Oh, I remember him being in the movie with the Rock with the kids. He was a gangbanger dude. That one that you can't, you can't put Amarii Hardwick no disrespect to and Robert Downey Jr. In the same thing. When you start talking about, we're Talking, we're just talking. We're just, we're just talking about the circumstance. Yeah. That Circumstances, different circumstances. That was 50. I'm walking in the door as somebody that's established already when you become a draw down Jr. The Draw Perks. Okay. So you don't think that Amari Hardwick became the draw after season three, season four, season five.


Respectfully. No. No. Okay. No, he was, he was. Yes He was. He was not the draw. He was a draw was not, he was a Draw and he was part of it. It was, he was big part of it. Paid draw. He was a big part of it. I'm not gonna do that to him. Yeah. We I'm not gonna, but everybody had bought into Him Up. Hold up Tommy. But The creators of ghosts saw a way to continue this storyline without you. True. We get to lean on all the equity built from your great performance and now we're gonna develop the sun Even bigger to my Robert Downey point. We do not need what y'all are calling the draw. And it works. Amari is my man. The key. I love, I absolutely love him and hope that he finds another role.


That is as successful for him. But the people that are putting this show together, everybody has a comp. But check it out. Everybody Has a comp. Now let me talk, what's comp A comparable? Somebody who's like could easily replace you. Yo, if ghosts don't take this role, we are putting somebody else in this role that we think can do the role. True. And if that person don't take it, the story goes on and on and on. Like, I don't know. I don't wanna say people overvalue themselves. 'cause you gotta hit while the iron is hot. You do have to hit while the iron Is hot. And I think that if you, if you are, if, if you are helping, but Well in the event that in the event that you turn away, It is totally on you, what you do from there.


True. And if it don't pan out, it don't pan out. When I left Spotify, they didn't, they didn't plan for me to pan out. They planned for me to say, Hey, we're offering you this money, take this money. The end. You Know what else they planned for their backup plan to work. And that's what I'm saying about power. Yeah. They let him go because they felt like we could spin off with all this other shit they did. If that don't work, you're doing what the MCU is doing and that's bringing Robert Downey Jr. Back with a big battle. And, and that and that. And that was my point. What saying? Sounded like he argued on point. Now you arguing on my point. You are arguing my point that Robert Downey Jr's value was so high that when they killed him off, Marvel felt the need to go bring him back and give him another role. Because that's a draw and sustain after that.


That's, that means he Wanted the draw. Right. If you go get the comp, Hey, I left them niggas went and got Rogan a game over. Right. Game Game, game Over. You never seen the Power Universe go re re write Ghost back in the story. No, that's what I said. Because it worked. Only because it worked. Which means he wasn't the draw for the power universe. Yeah. He's not the draw. It's over. It's Over. And you gotta go get Robert Downey Jr. Back. He's A draw. And if you gotta go get ghost back, Hamar, he's A draw. He's draw No disrespect. That's when you crack him. And no disrespect Lamar Hardwick. 'cause I think he, He phenomenal actor played a Lifetime. Rolling What we gonna look at his Power And a phenomenal actor. And I did like that movie he did. One of the movies he did after, I don't know the name, he did some Shit with Jennifer Lopez.


He did some shit where he was dressed all bummy. I like that. But did it get the Acclaim? No, No, no, no, no. He's forever ghost. I say listen, I say all the time man. Who, who, who, who's the, who's the king maker? The guy with the idea or the guy that can execute it? I think it's 70 30. I just don't think the perfect world is both But. yeah. I just don't think it's 50 50. Sometimes In a perfect world, me either In a perfect world is 50 50. But it rarely is. You said you think it's 50 50. Yeah, I do. Just, just from the perspective of seeing What you gonna execute without an idea. Listen, I understand. But an try to answer me first and then go ahead. You, you can't, that's why I say it's 50 51 hand an idea without the execute. Exactly. You Could 'cause you could find, you could you find the idea.


Idea is more, the idea is more valuable than the execution. How many ideas have we seen crash and burn that were fucking phenomenal because the execution sucked ass. Yeah. And how many people have we seen create amazing ideas and had subpar talent that We both, that's why we're, that's why I'm saying 50 50. The idea is Hard. I'd much rather have the idea and fail at the execution and then go have the idea and fail again. And then go have the idea and fail again. Know what? I'm gonna keep getting ideas. Listen, The laws, the laws itself tell you what the value is. The laws are in intellectual property, which is the idea. True. Yeah. That's true. I agree. The law, the, the laws don't protect performance nearly as much as they Protect. Brian, Michael Cox, Brian, Michael Cox and other amazing writers may be harder to find than somebody that can sing.


Yes. Yes. That's A fact. Okay. That's a fact. That is a fact. Okay. Yeah. That 50 50, shoot, sorry buddy. Okay. It's usually skewed one way or the other. Yeah. It is, and again, shout to Amari 'cause Some great systems. Systems can make shit out of nothing. Nothing, nothing. And some great ideas can have whoever pushing the idea. But To me, Amari was not overselling himself. He wasn't he, he became ghost and nobody could think about, think of anybody else to do that role. That's true. And so, well It's hard to do do that. It's, We killed the role and we have your son and your partner. It's hard to do that. Your And your arch nemesis. Everybody gets a show now. We always, except for you, we Always, but that's based on the hard work that he put out. And We always have these conversations of can you imagine, you know this role being played by anybody else.


We do this all the time. When it comes to movies and Television shows, they run without him. They run without him. Yeah. Yes and no. They run without him. No. We old enough to see, we know the other envi. Like we, we've seen characters, show goes on works fucking goes on. And Sometimes it don't. I agree. That's all here. Yeah. I mean I didn't wanna bring it up But wait, you said What? It's the same shit you niggas be thinking y'all are irreplaceable and the nigga with ideas don't look in like that. That's true. I agree with that. I agree with that. I'm gonna wake up tomorrow and drink coffee and have a slew act. I got the idea. I'm gonna look at the sunrise and just be right down. Inspire.


And then I gotta sun. Who is the new black? Yeah. Yeah, I get it. Who can execute this now? That's the talent in itself. For sure. Find new people to execute your ideas. That's for sure. But. yeah. You wanna be shout out to the executors out there for sure. And shout out to the people with ideas. You all are needed. If I have to pick one, I always want ideas. Always. Okay. I agree. That's just what make me ill. 'cause I'm gonna execute too. That part too. That's what I'm Ill. I'm 100% ill. They can't tell me shit. You cool. But that's why no I didn yo dog. I'm not pat back. Yo.


But I didn ask you to bail my bag. But you repeated my shit and they kicked me in the back. Don't pat me, but don't kick me. Did not kick you fam. Go ahead. Ah, damn. She fucking, I'm fine. Cool. Fucking they threw something at her. Yeah. Shut the fuck up. My business accountant robbed me. Every penny I had along with countless of others, my first two years in the music business, they said there was nothing that could be done. I'm, I'd much rather somebody throw something, throw something at you, at me, throw a Pepsi in my head. I was thirsty anyway. I already got this scarred somewhere over here from when that nigga clocked me with that three liter Pepsi in the bodega by Lincoln.


We was fighting Charles the three liter. Seven Charles. Yeah. We got scrapping in the bodega, lunchtime, all that. You gotta, you gotta, you have to get used to leaving school for lunch. There's things you have to learn. It's different from the cafeteria. We used to going over there by crowns. Ain't shit no more, my nigga. And going to the bodega to get something to drink afterwards. And Charles set it up. Bow nigga aint got lit. Aint got lit. These kids ain't, they ain't gotta worry about that at all. I started doing my numbers. That nigga turned into John Wick. He fucking reached his hand back, grabbed that three liter Pepsi bow in the face. Nigga caffeine coming. Bob. The big bottle, the big shit.


I remember the three liter. I ain't know. Came make three liter joints that they selling in the bodega. That nigga hit you with the plastic? Yes. In the bodega. Three liter Pepsi. What? You right here. What you hit him with? Wherever that scar is. My fist nigga. Oh yeah, he won. It's a lot of them. It wasn't a fair, oh it just wasn't Charles. It was Charles. The rest of the boys. It was Charles. Charles was in charge. All the rest of the Lexington niggas, Charles was in charge. And it was me and a few niggas. We scrapped it outta the bodega. But then more, more of them was coming. So you you hightailed it after you scrapped it ran away. Got it. Smart man. Smart man. Yeah. Let's play another day. Ran away. That's right. Got up outta there. Ran away and avoided Lexington Avenue for the next seven months until I can have a conversation with somebody to see if we can get things right.


Man. That's what happened. Go smooth that out Man. 15, 16. Yeah. Yo, yo. Where used To be at? What's up? Hmm? All over. Don't hurt. See you think I'm always trying to shoot at You my shit. I don't want to talk to you about my Life. I'm not shooting at you though. No, that's, I don't wanna talk to you about, I don't wanna talk to you about anything that happened in my life. Gotcha. That's not the friendship I want you. Gotcha. I want our shit to be like today and tomorrow. Okay, cool. Not all my yesterdays. Nah, I don't like how your face look when we start talking about my shit and not enough of your shit. We don't talk enough about your past nigga. Oh, we not getting enough. We not even, I wanna talk more about your past.


I do not now. That's cool. Not now. It's alright. But it's coming. Got you. It's cool. Elliot Wilson is reporting that Drake and future have squashed the beef. I'm biased so I toss it to my cast. Round Of applause. Yeah. Hey, gimme some more slaps. Make some slaps, man. That's all I care about. Gimme the slaps. I don't give a fuck. Be our friends or not at all. But if y'all, if y'all are able to work together again, great. Get to it. I think they've both said this though publicly. No, hold up. You being quiet during the Drake topic again. I clapped it up. That's Peace. Because that's the gig. What do you want me to say? I'm happy that, I'm happy that they're glad. Back To on the promo tweet for your podcast. It Starts with, oh my God, here We go. Starts with Melyssa Ford bears it all and I heard it.


Okay Joe, if you don't fucking leave me alone. Did you write that? Leave me alone After my leave. Two alone In the, in the spirit of flip. No, You didn't write That. The spirit of No, I have a team. I didn't think you wrote that back up. I dare. You would've Wrote and back off. I I'm bearing it all on this, this 29 years. I Bear it a lot. I was brave. Aw. It's a health pot. Okay, So that's important to know. It is, it's a health pot. I talked about some very personal things. There you go. Yeah I did. That's right. She buried it all Bo. Anyways, Bo bore.


She bore it all. God. Elizabeth teaches. I don't think you wanna associate bore with entertainment. Y'all are the worst. Can I just say my favorite part? Go ahead. She gotta say it. Consent. Oh yeah. Yeah. Can't give consent for You can't give consent for her. No, I'm not. Can I just say my favorite part of the part? Fine. 19 minutes in. Yo, he got the amps. He's, he's sick. 19 minutes in to Mel is sitting there using all the fucking college words and not saying nothing at all. And the producer finally had enough and the producer says, Hey, that's cool but you are going through something you could share like your personal experience about what we're talking about rather than all of this bullshit.


What say you? And then you said, I'm not ready to talk about that. And then he said, 'cause he is a dude. Alright. All right. No pressure. No pressure. And then it was a edit. Fast cut to your video vixen days. I was like wait, how the fuck? It's like I love that part. I love hearing another producer frustrated. Whi hot and bothered out now man sounds hot and bothered Out. Now what? Keep him talking about. I want to keep hearing from that little, when that mic chimed in. That nigga was tight. Yo, you can hear 'em saying it.


Yes. Yes. They left it in and promoted. That's their promo clip. Yeah. And they cut it off like something suspenseful was coming after that. The music and everything. Yeah. Yo, this is great. I had a whole voice of God thing going on. It Is great, yo shit personally. What you think of that? No. And they gonna write you beards head all hot and ball out right now. Fuck they talking about. That's right. That's, that's right. There we go. Fuck is they talking about Pick up four. I need a hot and bottle next episode. She goes, she has something. So don't worry. It is coming y'all. I listen at the 16 minute mark. I felt like I had a pussy. I felt like Yo, I thought that she was gonna include men's.


It was just 29 minutes. So a vintage pussy It is 29 minutes of yo when you get in, You fuck yo Yo y pussies get old This shit gonna have a little flap and it might not get the wet. And when you get old, This is so not what your Pussy can't get as active as you need it to be. They lose the grip. You gotta the, yeah. So, and listen, if you are young listening, you gonna get older and have old pussy too. So these are the things you will have to bear with. God. I just, I started patting my crotch. Like my sister still get, is my dick good?


Oh my god. That was sick. I it was, it was disgusting. Okay. That was fucking disgusting, yo. Oh, I just, I just love being up here talking about my, talking about my pussy with a bunch of fucking guys. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Brought it out. I'm uncomfortable. You Brought it up. No, I going up my pus. I didn't say nothing about you. Yeah, we don't want I about your You tried it. You tried that Mac shit just now that's, I'm saying you tried to frame it a certain way. No, no, no, No, no. Imitating me. Mm. Listen guy. You guys pussies at six DA difference. Six pussies is the metropo. You know what? What's These words you said?


Don't even say it. Don't even say it. I don't even know it. Exactly. Don't even say that word Metropo. I don't know what you're saying right now. See, Sorry. You tell me that's it. 'cause I thought no atrophy. Is that the word you were fucking looking For? No. Look at you. Look at you. Because That's kind of what you're saying right Now. That producer lemme tell you something. Hey Joel, producer, after that producer chime in. It was seven minutes left upon. That nigga got other fuck out. All right. All you Got it girl. Alright, just wrap up. What you talking about Hot and bothered out now. That's right. Word. Don't worry. Flip these jokes too. When you get back. Y'all are, Hey don't worry. Hey everybody that's trying to venture in the solo shit is getting jokes.


Sorry. Out on the network. Not on the network. You just wait till flips that. Man. You better call out. You think that's why he called out? Yes. Oh Shit. Well I think that he realized he had a day in the Tuck on Halloween and was like, Oh, Shit let me use my day to talk. That's what I think he did. I also think that was pretty convenient. 'cause Amani called me the day after and said, yo, you seen flip shit. And I said yeah. And then know what Amani said. He said Yo, that's fucked up. And then he said that's Crazy.


I can't wait for Friday. I'm coming in early. He damn. Look at he damn sure got hit early. He sitting here early. That's fucked up with Some Caterpillar Boots. Come here to kick your man back in early. Caterpillar. What? Flip. Get your ass in here boy. You and Mel. Hey. Hey buddy Getting in. Oh, if bitch hoodie ain't working, he was gonna get it too. Shit. Not them shit work. Who said they work? Well that You want me to answer you? Absolutely. Okay. As soon as what was last month? Breast cancer awareness. As soon as we needed to stop being aware of that.


You had a whole new Iki Line. You got Aki line. That's For Thanksgiving. Ready for press. I mean for Thanksgiving. I don't think, I don't think that the unsuccessful s like that. That's what the Papa said us Thanksgiving. Yeah. You got the right, it's cool. Yo appropriation It is cool. I don't know what It is. I ain't buying what he selling. I don't think failing companies even put out 300 colorways. I think they meet with the board and figure out how to cut things down. Facts. No. Yo, we gonna give 'em these. I think This shit is working. But if it didn't Boy they just laugh at your friends. Huh? Y'all laugh at me. You're laugh at they failed business Ventures. You laugh at my scoliosis.


What? No we don't. That's not a failed business venture. You got, you got scoliosis with a Ferrari that makes up for it. No doubt. You just drive like This shit. Fuck that. You good. You know what I mean. You straight short y Yeah. man, you good donkey. Fucking terrible. This guy is crazy Bro. So the Mercedes sent me a letter talking about, hey you got Come back 17 months left. But we'll pay for it all If If you just Resign. If you resign, we get you into something new.


My mom sent it to me. I don't check the mail nigga you can't reach me through no mail. What the fuck is you talking about? But I called him up. What you saying? I said yo, what? What you got for me over there? They sent me pictures of some two-tone. Mayback white and black. Five V 12, 6 80, whatever the fuck It is. Special design on the inside, yada yada, yada. You know I hate that two-tone. Shit. I hate that two I think. I think they do it on purpose. I think there's a separate class Two from, there's a way to do it like a drug dealer. I think this looks like some drug dealership. I'm gonna show it to y'all and tell me if it looks like some drug dealership. See, Okay. You seen what I'm talking?


No you didn't. How seen that? It's in the monster chat. First impression only. No, that's the brother. That's the brothers brother. It's in the brothers chat now. The white and black shit. For real. You told us about the six 80 before I went. I went five 80, whatever It is. I went and looked at it. I seen it. What you, how You think it? Look, I think they try to separate that shit from an S class so much so that they could bump up the price. They gotta do something to make it You. know what I mean. Like really, really, really stand out from the S. So I think they make it two-tone almost as a identifier that this a mayback to almost make it look like a rolls or something. No, it's Mayback when you see it coming down the street, you know when you see it, it just stands out. That's what I think. But That is kind of a rolly.


That's what I mean. I. didn know what a mayback looks like. Nigga is crazy. Oh, Shit. I'm sure you know what every car look like. Oh, Oh. Shit, Oh. Shit. Especially BMWs. Fuck you. Don't we have, don't we have sleepers? That's, I'm trying to get my sleeper for my man. Thats all. Wouldn't she wouldn't bmw. This are, these are my retention rates. I'm Melyssa for. I'm still in jail cells. I, oh man.


Oh that was my second favorite part of the part. Oh, Ask son Cracker. Ask, what was your second favorite part? I My second favorite part of the pod. I love Melyssa Ford. It is her saying first of all, alright, second and third. Second, first, second. Full order. Let's I my first I'm Glad your favorite part I did my second and third. No for real because I listen to shit. You know, I'm listen to shit. I'm a supporter. I'm in the male hive. Who do you, my second favorite part was the whole podcast Mel telling people what her podcast was about to be about. I like that. Even though it, Let's get to The third. Edit started. The third was Mel saying, For those of you who aren't familiar with who the fuck I be, I had a very glorious start as a video vixen, which was such a revered career back then.


But then there was a seismic shift In how we were regarded drinking my coffee. Like waiting a seismic shift if I had a nickel. But every time you brought that video fix shit, are you proud of it or not? Do you Know that I have to talk to the audience. Like there's going to be some people that have no clue who I am. I think that's Ka No. Why? I don't agree with that. I don't think you ever have to talk about being a video V fan if you don't want to. I don't necessarily want to, but I want to go through the, you know, my career in chronological order. Okay.


Yeah. So that was just me talking to people that may not be familiar with who I am. So I'm just like, I'm giving them the cliff notes. What's on that Android? Am I sleeping though? I'm sending my man. Yeah, I got mine queued up too. I'm ready to go's. That's all 'em do. Let's do it. See what I wanna play. That's all I told y'all. Drake and future squash it. Yeah, you're first. We're waiting on you. I'm making sure everything is cos static. Everything is cool. There's one up there. There is one up there. We gotta get to it. You wanna do it?


We have. How do we do it? We have to. 'cause by the time the Patreon comes out, yeah you can't. come on. come on, let's do it. What you guys, Halloween just passed. There's a topic going on. I won't tell y'all how it's going on, but the topic. The topic. Huh? I know how to do it. How to do what? Y'all have daughters. What were they for Christmas? Or sorry, Halloween, Christmas, whatever. Halloween. What were they for? Halloween. My daughter was Elsa from Frozen. Adorable. Okay. She was a chocolate chip cookie. Aw, So cute. Stop. Stop. Yo, we'll jump you. That is so cute. We'll fucking jump you in here. Yo, I have to see this.


Yo, you can't just can't lead a sweet salon. Yo. You are addicted. My brother. Your daughter didn't want to be a cookie man. Get a grip. Get a grip. Alright. Chocolate chip cookie. Okay. And Elsa? Yes. There's a topic going around about questionable Halloween outfits for children. The content. Because somebody's child was Lil Kim for Halloween and they made a video and the internet reacted and responded saying that old was the child. Eight. What the costume look like. The song was crushed on you.


That's enough for me. Yeah. They were rapping the song. Yes. I mean They were rapping the song. Censoring out the inappropriate parts. It's a lot of, It's a lot but it's a lot of, there's a lot to edit. Even with the sensors. It's still But dressed like him. Inappropriate. Yeah. Yeah. A few different outfits. Oh, It's a couple. Okay. Yeah, The red one was, I think the one that had everybody like, yeah. Okay. Okay. We don't wanna put that costume on an 8-year-old and have her rap the lyrics to Crush on You. Which is, there's even, there's, it's always explicit. Yeah. And the shit people doing for I guess content purpose.


I don't even know. But y'all know how many weirdos and creepy motherfuckers is out here. So not only like I tell people stop posting their kids period. I mean, you do what you want though. But I, I suggest that just because you don't know who's looking at these pictures and what they doing with 'em. That to the side now you want to dress to her like seductively, Provocatively, provocatively. Yeah. Like And music. Do the video. The song. This is A lot. I mean, I don't throw my name anybody the lyrics to that song. I know the lyrics to the song. But It's It is weird. It's Weird. Yeah, it's a lot. I'm not You already know where I stand.


Like that's not my thing. I don't want my kids even, and this might sound idealistic, I don't really want my kids thinking about nothing sexual until they get to a age where I can have that real conversation with them. So I want my kids to be as be a kid, be a child as long as I possibly can. You know what I'm saying? In this day and age, you want to kind of push that shit backwards Instead. Those a really interesting costume though. Like Lil Kim from back all the way. What, 96? Yeah. That's a really interesting costume. Frank, like 8-year-old don't even know Lo Kim. That part. That's what I mean. True. So whose So whose whose idea was this costume? I didn't even think about that. That is true.


Which makes it even weirder. Well he's fly with Kim That that's cool. That mean that 8-year-old knows that. So she Could've met Kim and researched Kim and just wants to pay tribute to Kim. I think there's a way for kids to be Kim and it be age appropriate is what I'm Saying. Right. There's other songs first of all. Yeah. I don't wanna make it sound like Kim is fucking I Get what you mean but like You can do it. There's A way to do it. Not that the way That it was done just came off, came off poorly and made everybody say that Halloween costumes should be age appropriate. Yeah, I agree. Absolutely. And then the content is what made it worse. Like the, even the outfit itself, it It is weird, but okay.


But when you do the song and the video, that's where it for me it became super duper weird. Yeah. Well shit, that was a trend this Halloween that I've seen more than others. Right. Like people dressing up in their costume and then showing you where their costume is from. Yeah. Yeah. Like Sierra was Gorilla and she did the Gorilla Speedy interview. A lot of people just did this. Yeah, they did the clips of Hey this is where my costume is from. If you don't know. Yeah Because a lot of it's like from some celebrity posted a random outfit one time. Sure, sure, sure. Or whatever pop culture moments they they did It is a lot of be because a lot of these costumes are hey what are you? Yeah. And you want to be creative. You don't wanna do the nurse or the Velma or so some of that shit.


You gotta show somebody like everybody did Julia Roberts pretty woman last year. You don't have to show that anymore. Where the hell was you at? No, I'm just playing Portugal. You know where he was at? You know Where he was at? Man Nigga Black Com, Black com. You Know he was in the Mafi coast. Oh man. Yo, this nigga a idiot bro. But you don't have to show that this year they were showing like it was creative shit. Yeah, for sure. Where they would take a, a costume from some star in the, in the series and post these niggas was making memes as their costumes. Yeah. Like that's where we at now. That's, that's where we're, so you have to explain it because everybody don't know what the Fuck that is.


So that's why It is gonna be more of that of I gotta tell y'all where this costume came from. 'cause y'all ain't gonna know. I'm like oh Cool. I wish the girl I saw that wore a thong over the old five would've told me where that costume was from. Yeah. Yeah. What I thong over The thoughts. You saw it right? Yeah. I And that's my people too. Did you pick any Lin balls off it? That was my home homegirl too. Shit's bad man. That's your homegirl. Huh? You tapped her and told her Not at all. Okay. Not my place. Women should be able to wear whatever they want. That's her body. Her choice. She should able to without. We had to fa with the plates without A man trying it With the plates.


If she wants Go home, go home. If you're doing that, you know what I Mean? Stupid. Yo. We don't need to see that. It's like when strippers be stripping with the birth control patch on his shoulder. Like just go home. Mom s go home. Yo. I think that was the nicotine joint We got both yo. Some of the good establishments. That is crazy. I feel like the shoulder is the nicotine patch and then the birth control patch is on the side of the butt. Yep. Quick delivery system. I might be, yeah. So I was talking about the shoulder. The nicotine patch is never in the same spot because it can't be applied to the same spot.


Really? Yes. I Keep moving it. You have to move, you have to change the spot every time you put it. Now Does it only be arms or can it be legs? Every where you want. Okay, So why So it could hit your bloodstream? Gotta ask Michael Paul. But I would assume so. I assume it lose its effect Effectiveness. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. If you keep putting in the same spot. Okay. That's what annoyed me with that shit. I took that shit off me so fast. This shit outta here. I'm smoking. Smoke the patch nigga crazy. Is there anything else that we need to get to before we get outta here? Next week is election It is Oh yeah. Happened fast. Yo. It did happened fast. One thing I Noticed about the selection cycle is the barbershop. It really, the barbers came up.


I just saw Obama getting a haircut with the barber. I seen Trump sit with the barber. I've seen Kalo sit with the barbers. The barber's just, it's the spot Apparently. Slew It is yo yo. You know election day holiday right? Oh, I don't know if you was here when I asked everybody if they wanted off for election day here. I wasn't. I must not have been here either. Well you're never here. That Is such a lie. Everybody that's Flip's never Here. No you're never here. Flip's never Here. Flip has better attendance than you Mel Fuck lies. No he doesn't. Yes he does. No he does not. Flip has in his contract that he don't have to be here two times.


You just stay away. I do not. Anyways. And then you tried to take the Tuesday off and make it a Friday off. I heard about You. I didn't know if I heard about Don't lie. I'll call. I'll call. I'm not lying. I just didn't. I was just like, Hey, can I come in on Tuesday instead and then in instead do Friday. I didn't know that it was just Tuesdays. Now you Know. Now I know No one's half the Battle and then I shut the fuck up. Oh yes, yes I did. Yeah. Let it go. Yeah, let It go Joe. Listen though, I got a beautiful sleeper for you guys. There you go. There you go. A phenomenal man. Tell him to get outta there. This is off of Jaquis project.


Project is called Baby Making. I'm going to the title track. This song is Baby Making To know Is this real just for show only thing That is tonight is going yourself.


come on, climb on top of me babe. You deserve to round for me Fuck that she ready.


You tell me you love me and take care on your on top. Lets soon as the on climb on top of you, if I had one wish it would be to be right. Love.


Love the fact that Beast on. come on.


On. It's brand new music from Jacquees. That record is called Baby Making off of his brand new project. Also titled Baby. Making available in your phone and on DSPs right this second. Shout to Jaque. Good luck with everything. It's all good News Joe Biden. All right, I'm going up to, I'm going to Queens man. How was that? Banks put out Halloween havoc. Five. Let's go.


And this record is Season Of The Psychos. Double box. The car won't slip. I got too far. Pull string. Sing you a song. Ar It is my guitar. Fuck your muscle. There's a special graveyard for bodyguards. Walk up out the party. Star broke jaws and hardy halls. You ain't never packing shit in the front. Ferrari cars.


Let the green golden purple color of Mardi Gras to talk to me has been as fuck all the Milwaukee dog. Hows hot in uniform Inside they hobby fraud. I'm a visionary brand. Too strong to be of subsidiary. Arrows talk all backs. Even Got it get rid of family. My feet should be seeing a garage lodge and a living nanny journey. Men or rather have odd jobs. Dick rider spare me. They got the itch again. I'm serving you smoke for listening. I'm cold. As Michigan grew up rough as your bitches skin this a different pin sounds like bullets when whistling even relationships won't get you in the riders never steady obstacles could be dead. Don Got it convince me I witnessed it all already. I can handle my way. Shit is never too heavy. Amazing with a racing act like you never met me a hundred miles and I'm running gun in the eWAY.


This is top tier shit worthy. Your replay smokes in the air, keeping the streets gray. This year, Halloween fell weed season for the cycles. The Jacks, Normans and Michaels niggas never had my number. They'll lie on the stack of Bibles. I'm gonna make 'em pay for comments back then my rapper spiteful and show up in the wash. It gets rinsed. I'm back in cycle. Be careful. What You right though? Let's just say you made a type before I catch you on the rebound. Clear This shit out like a iso. It is the pass. The band is a massacre on the canvas. And I'm solo. I don't trust a passenger 'cause they scandal. Seven caster mini stones, ribs cracking nigga get you fail. See your favorites in my rear view while backing up in my cameras. Go ahead and hang yourself plenty Rope, pi Arena. Hear me laughing. Everything is a joke.


Damaged goods won't know how to cope without a beamer. I needed someone to humble me but never found the feature. I done seen so many dark days. Comfortable around the but this is ether from hearing out. There's nothing cheaper, nigga riders, never steady. Obstacles could be deadli. Snakes don't gotta convince me. I witnessed it already. I can handle them way. Shit is never too heavy. Amazing with a racing act like you never met me a miles and I'm running gun in the headway. This is top tier shit worthy of replay smokes in the air, keeping the streets.


And That is Season, Of, The, Psychos, Lloyd Banks. Halloween havoc five in your phones. Dsbs everywhere. And he is also selling it. Direct. Fire. Fire. Shout to banks, shout To banks. So let's go banks. I'm playing some Shane war. I'm going upstate buffalo. This is Shadow Puppet featuring Brady. Watt and a gentleman's name I cannot pronounce. Yeah, My thoughts is paralyzed by poor black mothers.


It starts with a family tree from a poor black couple. My heart is like a grave site. Niggas can't take the stench full of dead bodies. Just one look at it, make them flinch. My brain is my bank. But they say it don't make no sense. But my tongue is a different story. It paints visions for me. 'cause my eyes been blind. For the blind eyes. I turned became a bride to crime my right to rhyme my words. But my ears is what I use to stand through here. Walk my faith. What I feel is what I fear. Visionary thoughts, witness killings are my peers. All the memories I lost putting ribbons in my head. We all struggling. But to them it's all a puppet trick. We want the cars of cri, but our people was taught to cover it.


The goals. I used to call a bucket list, but somehow I lost touch of it. Taste of that apple left me waiting. Then the shadows. Shadows. We be the outlines of bodies on a blackboard. Impressions of a being without substance. Invisible to those who don't want to recognize how the word we be. The chalk outlines on the sidewalks of cities and towns. While our death becomes a pattern of purpose. I was like David amongst the giants. But the reward and true success. It comes from trying how we programmed to think as a people.


It comes from science. And the only way to accept rebirth, it comes from dying. I fall pain a kid from deathly street off of Broadway. It's hard days to go from my activist to a car slave. The school of hard not to see graduations a long way. 'cause right before, that's when the devil becomes a prom date. I struggle with expressing myself. I had no sanity. So now I paying pictures with words, using my hands to speak for niggas who tried stealing my heart. I cut the hands of a thief and keep it as a house pet. Like the Adams family. Yeah. Can only judge me by a gavel. Blood was shed from Eve that made us hungry for a apple can learn an all the war and see you bloody from the battle. Can appreciate the sun until you study it in the shadows.


Shadow to exist only by the will of someone else. To plant seeds for others to harvest. We be the crust of the pie that we make but can't eat. Serve those who have suspended on our existence to hold up a world we are excluded from. We be the graffiti on the brick walls of buildings. A shout out to the world. We are here a portrait of rap. We be the siren sound screaming through the hood. Stopping traffic, running red lights searching for green. We be the faces reflected in the puddles left by the rain, waiting for the sun to evaporate our souls. We be the bloods in our clothes after being shot by the police.


And still we find a way to survive. That is shade noir. Shadow. Puppet featuring Brady. Watt and a b dun. I think It is maybe house passed. What's Happening? Salute Lotus Child out now. Good shit. Ish going to Elijah. Blake. Yeah. Nice project. You'll like it. Yo, this project dope. You'll like it a few weeks later. I have it already now. I do like it. you right. Tell me what I like nigga. Fucking Elijah. Blake and Kareen. Lomax. Read The Room. Hey, Take me outta these witches.


I don't wanna stay here. I just wanna lay down with you. Me, Marcus. I don't wanna stay here. I just wanna tell you, come up Tonight. I don't even mind in the, I won't even call them s go Tonight.


I don't even mind. I won't even close the As.


Read, The. Room. Elijah Blake and Kareen. Lomax. That's hard. That was fire. I don't know if it's real or fake or not. But y'all seen Angel Reese put out all the missed calls from from That. That was Tel. Oh. But it's funny. Still hilarious. It's still funny. Hilarious Still. So tell me before Tel is funny. Sintel is the truth I fuck with. Now they done got a bunch of other ones that Sintel tweeted talking about. Drea says that the real lover, her life is Bronny James. Yo Sin tell be cooking. Sin tell's funny. Yeah, really funny. Why we can't report on Sintel fake shit?


Because it's fake. We can't Report on it. We can Lie. Can't we just lie? Yeah. Yeah. He got Shaq looking muddy as that. It needs missed calls, FaceTimes, all that shit. Holy shit. Also, daylight savings time is this weekend. God, I thought we got rid of that shit. Someone died. That was only you reporting fake news. Cintel. No, they Cintel. You got Cintel. I do have Sintel. Is it Just one more year? No. Y'all are using it has not. No, but neither are y'all. Y'all keep using this big platform to not be sure about things. That was an idea. They floated. They wanted to pass it. There's no nothing. No. That says next year is the last daylight saving time.


If I'm wrong, say it now so the audience can know. If not, y'all are just spreading. Boo. Y'all are sintel. We sentel. Fuck it. Mel. What? Mel is always sintel. Didn't they drown the charges On Eric Adams? I think notice how I paused Eric Adams a fucking question. Yeah, but Google it. Ask Siri. No, I'm asking. I'm asking my cast. No, we not fucking Torre. Yes, The Senate approved the Sunshine Protection Act back in 2 0 2 and 2 0 2. Back in 2022. Excuse me. Excuse me. But back in 2022, the Senate approved it. But they have not put a date in when it's gonna end. Oh. I Think y'all are corny for wanting it going actually matter.


She's Why The time going back is trash? Why? I just one time. I don't need all that. Nigga. The time going forward is trash. The time going back, we Be lit for extra hour. No be sleep hour. You sleep. Sleep for an extra hour. It gets darker early. And That's lit too. Everybody ain't gloomy. Glo like I'm good yo. However y'all paint this an extra hour if anything is great Sunlight. Yeah, but they get rid of an hour the of the other. Right. You lose an hour somewhere. You gain an hour somewhere. I would rather take sunlight. You've been pale your whole life. Now you telling me about what the sunlight is gonna do. I know, I man, you wake up at 4:00 AM you don't need an extra hour of sleep anyway. That'll be 3:00 AM.


Yeah. And that's gonna force me to say, okay, I'm going back to bed. Holy shit. Oh man. Yeah. That shit gonna suck though. Yeah, Shit that be right outside extra shit. We lit. That's when the DJ get in the mic and say y'all thought it was over, bro. We rock whole nother. We not going home. Snap. It's a fun that I'm not gonna lie. That's when it used to be. Yeah. Being in the club one day like Now that the clock going forward when the DJ's like, yo, y'all get out 30 more minutes Already. Yeah. That's disgusting. I went to the hookah spot on Halloween. Nice and calm and empty. Nice and empty. Yeah. Because everybody was over there.


Thank the Lord. Thank the Lord. I ain't going none of 'em. Halloween parties. It Is cool. I went to all of 'em on Agram word. I was there. I was there in spirit. That should be a good beat off night. You want to change it to a nurse? Do you Mel? Did you dress up Halloween? No, I did not Talk about a buzz kill. I mean I dressed up for fucking Halloween and none of y'all fucking did it killed. I was only, I did, but I didn't even get a chance to see that. I was only talking to you about you Have real life. Yeah. Not the pod and us. And you killed Last year Thank you. That was one of the best costumes I've ever seen.


Thank you. Thank you. It's tough to kill two years in a row though. No, I just didn't have the energy for that shit this Year. Yeah, Heidi Klum always has energy. I Had a fucking launch, you know I had other priorities. Every year, Heidi Klum has energy. She does. No matter what she has going on. She does. Yeah. She's also stinking fucking rich. So you know, she can hire a whole fucking team to do all that shit. You got a team. You have a team. I Should shine. Got a team doing other shit. Well have 'em do that too, right. In Tix? No, she has a glam squad. Sorry, maybe I should say she has a glam squad. You have a squad? I have a You have a glam squad. You Got some type of squad I think. Okay, we're gonna wrap up the sleepers. Okay. Go ahead please.


Okay. Mine is All In. Mr. Carmack featuring Kalani. Hey nigga. Stupid. So a lamb, lamb small and I don't want to go to the party and sit next to their aggressive stud either. I love that. Take nothing away after the break. I sexy. Probably could stay. You know who I'm looking. You know I'm searching for, Let's go see our ly. It ain't hard. Look, You know I'm looking, you know I'm at, Oh, Dreamville is smoke this now.


They were promote this. I can see the Don't wanna day to day. I know. That's shit. I don't wanna take you, you know I hate But. yeah.


This is Mr. Carmack and Kalani All. In. Hate to cut the Little piano vibe. Piano vibe. But That's absolutely fine. Seemed Like that was gonna keep going for a little while. Oh, does it go longer? Yeah, It's gonna go for another 30 seconds. Oh. That excites me. You were saying something about not wanting to sit next to a stud at the Halloween Party. Aggressive studs. Got it. Okay. No, I don't wanna sit next to aggressive stud anywhere. Mm. They the ones that feel like they about to battle you for the bitches Might win. They winning. They winning. Yo Ma. They be winning. Yo chill Ma.


All your season's sharp. Your seasons sharp. All right. Your jean jacket is killing boy. I got that. You Got it. No, you did it. You got Put that shit on. They be Tricking. Yeah, you put that shit on. They Be tricking now. Crazy. They That's racist. That's racist. I'm telling you. That's the new thing I heard. That's pc. They be spending a hella bread. I'm telling you that. That ain't new. Oh well. I'm just learning out about it. That's crazy. What's crazy? That studs tricking. Why That's crazy. I want no smoke bro.


The studs is tricking and they got, they strap in the trunk Big Shit too. So they could just go pop the card. They don't even got pop blue boy Or nothing. Oh man. She might have her shit on in the club, Nigga. Shit. Out to the stars out there, man. For Real. This was the time right here, man. Damn. Rest in peace with homie corn. Shit. That's crazy to me. Word man.


Welcome home, thug rest in peace. Rich homie Juan and Clark Inc. Hopefully y'all enjoyed this broadcast as much as we enjoyed delivering it to you. Hey, Act like this Dolly Parton. Mel. come on. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do Farewell Adio, Cereba, dichi, OTA arvo so long. Goodbye. Or a simple head no or suffice. We ain't got time to go. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this moment last as if it's all we had.


The Manies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel in a close. Close minded women want you to tease some things. Grab you with Tylenol. You might need it Free to wait. Any fun weekend plans, fun weekend plans for anybody out there. come on. Gimme something good. Gimme something Good working. Y'all Going to the November Halloween party? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. They got One Park's nightmare on Steinway. Wait, Wait, wait, wait.


Y'all didn't just do that. Which one of y'all just did that? I was like, said it off. Yo. We so old and corny. I ain't doing nothing. I ain't got nothing important going on this weekend. I don't think I'll be Chilling. I'll be with my baby until I drop him off at granddad's. I mean, I say that shit just for, I ain't got, Oh man, Mel, you ain't doing nothing this weekend? No, just working. Sorry. Okay. And pre birthday. Hey Scorpio season.


It is, Hey, any hot plans? Any hot plans? Trying To put together like a little birthday launch party situation. Don't know if it's gonna happen but trying. You're launching your birthday Launch Of the pod That lost already Hot and bothered. Oh my. A hot and bothered birthday party. A hot and bothered birthday party. That's right. That's right. I'm just gonna direct my commentary over here. There you go. Here you go. Fuck. There you go. Can we bear all to birthday party Bear? All As in Bear All yes emotionally.


Yeah, of course. Yeah. Always safe space to be vulnerable. Yeah, you Karen, use Whatever you can. Boy. Hey It is my birthday launch party. What? Are you supporting my launch? My birthday? Both. Both. Both. That's right. Two guests. When your Birthday? November. What? Seventh Girl you meet on your ninth episode by the, then We talking about the launch. Yo. Yo. Your mother. That's crazy. Y'all boy, I hate. Yeah, that's it. I ain't doing shit. I'm Chilling staying black. Trying to stay alive out here. That's it.


Y'all holding down out there, man. We'll be back. Same time, same place next week. Stay safe. Keep your head on a swivel at all times. Stay positive. Positive vibrations. High vibrations. High frequencies. Only That nigga. Yeah, I think this is the tail end of my melody. Run. I, yeah. Yeah. It is Prime. Melody Run. Yeah. Melody for sure. All man.


Yo, I. hope y'all talk to somebody that loves y'all this weekend. Not me. Talk to your therapist too. Also shout out to the niggas to know where to get a good brunch from. Man. Shout out to you other niggas that'd be hungry. I'll take to Patriot Sunday at 1:00 PM. A theory about brunch. I think Brunch killed the diner. Killed the diner? Yeah. Interesting. I can't wait to hear more about that. I don't know if there's too much of a deep dive, but I think it did. No, I like it. Yeah, I like it. I like where We are here. Diner. Yeah. There's no fucking diners anymore. Shit go to Tops. At least in the city. We put it that Way. Nigga name the chain Diner Tops. Ain't no chain tops. Ain't no damn Chain Tops is not two weird tops. And what's that, Harrison? Harrison.


Harrison? Yeah. And It is, It is lit. Lit all day every day. Lying around the corner all day. Yeah, But that's kinda the point. I just want like some eggs. You some you could get. I want it to lit you. No, no, no. We talking about Lit. That food is amazing. Amazing. Real. Niggas never been to Harrison. No, they all, y'all Idiot. So yo go to Harrison. Okay. This nigga go there one time. Would be there every day. Every day. No, I believe you, but I would have to because guess who's not going there. Harrison. I know to Tops Diner. I hear you To wait in line. Y'all wait in line at Tops or y'all use your face card?


I don't have, I get a reservation when I Go. Y'all use your face. Y'all using your face card for the wrong shit. I don't have a face card. Don't use it at Tops. I don't use it. Yes you do. When Mandy's not there. You got This Nigga. See, this nigga is disrespectful. Let me end This shit before you think of that. Hey, get outta here. Hey, hope y'all enjoy the Peace. Peace. JBP without the Yo. What.