
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Go the mic on yo. Now where do we stand on you man? Just throwing you telling a story 'cause It is his story to share. Right, right. But like that you was in and the crazy part without you knowing or nothing, the crazy part is you being in the story.


Don't change like you could have told this whole story without me. Without that part in the story. It don't affect nothing. This is a story about the bi. Yeah, you got something nerve. I don't want to, I'm just saying yo. It is this nigga crazy. I don't want be in this story like I'm in a vibe my nigga. The first, yo, this nigga used to have me on a public podcast when I wasn't even up here. Yeah. Telling stories about me making up lies about me. Building. Building character. You wasn't building shit. I was building character. You were lying on me. Building character. Developing what? Developing story. What story? I wasn't a part of your show. The story of Antoine. I wasn't a part of your show. But you are now I Good job.


Stay ready so you ain't gotta get ready. Foresight. Foresight. That's what I'm saying. He saw you gonna be here boy. What's that shit. I seen it before happened. He was like the mentalist. I seen it before. He Who made you nigga? Shit. I mean he made you. Why he playing? He he made you niggas are idiot. He made you podcast nigga. Nigga doing construction in the white man. Nigga over span too. Of course, of course. I'm gonna look out about of course I'm gonna look out for my boy boy. More Spanky than now. I got you. Fuck you talking about Nigga you gotta throw a shot, A shot. He cat his cat. You so proud. And his cat. That's not true. And his cat's.


We not your I don't want no problem here today bro. I, I'm here today. Just that Corey throw. I'm here today. We're not doing this today. We can play nigga. I'm here today. I front mark. You in front of Mark nigga. Shouting to my girl Mel here with us in spirit. Nigga we can get this shit today. What's up? All my hands work nigga. I don shit. Listen up my my son. What's that palooza shit. Which one? I don't know. There was bad palooza. There's one of them. Yo Joe like yo, that's my man Ish. How you doing? I'm like hi, how you doing? You are Ish. I'm like yeah yo, you the one that fucked up his leg and dropped him off.


And I'm looking at this girl like Sweetie I think you have the different Ish. No you the one. I'm like oh that was, I said dog, this niggas just be lying on me yo. People wanna punch me in the face 'cause he lying on me talking. You talking about when he jumped the gate and all that shit. Shit. Yeah, that's what you talking about. He was there but you ain't fucking his leg up. He don't know how to jump a gate nigga. I ain't in my bro. Why was y'all jumping the gate? Not y'all. That's just, that's your second time insulting it. I'm not Tupac nigga. Well second insult. I'm counting. Fuck you talking. Keep counting. Did you climb the gate and jump down or try to slide down the gate? It's two type of jumps. I can't, first of all I'm not gonna take any physical, any type of physical disrespect from Ish who bust one basketball move and broke his fibula got planned offic.


His ACL nigga was juju before. Juju like I'm not take too much disrespect. Dropped number one yo fam number two. You jumped the gate in your prime thirties and fuck broke your foot in scones. I'm 49 in scones. I'm 49 ins and I, I didn't stretch. I don't hoop no more and not, I'm 49. I fucked up my Achilles. You was in your, you was like 32. I don't want hold the audience hostage. Who's y running from? That's another story. Don't say y'all stop Yaling. You wasn't there. I was in the car. Yes he was there. I was in the car. No you wasn't in the car. I was in the car. You don't even know what you're talking. I go with the story because you don't know shit.


All of this. Hold on, hold on. I'm not betting upt. I want keep my money. I want you to keep your house making money. Alright cool. Separate the money. You couldn't let it go. I told you I got here today. Yo. Separate the money. Separate the money. How you get picked up? Oh no, I'm talking about where you started, how you get picked. Not where you ended started. How did you get picked up? You jumped the gate where the story started. He was not in a vehicle, he was in a club. Shaking ass. Keep going period. That's it. Okay. When you jumped off the gate, where was I? Listen, I had just been to court. Lemme tell Mark's story real quick. The cliff, no version. I had just been to court and some of the new listeners people may not verge the story. I'll just give it to him real quick. I was in court for some shit. I was innocent.


But that didn't matter. Didn't the judge two days before had just said, yo fam, I'm letting you outta here. These are the rules for me letting you outta here. If you violate any one of these rules and I happen to see you again, that's your ass s right. You're done. Bet your honor. I know how to follow instructions. So cool. Yeah, following the rules. I thought, I thought I knew how to follow instructions. So cool. It's a hot Wednesday night. Hit my man up. This is when That was my man. My man. We was going out, we was out. We was out. Hit my man. You was up. We making a move. We made a move. Bust the move bomb head to the strip club Wednesday night we walk in there. Don't you know the girl that the judge just told me to stay away from is working here.


All of a sudden, God damn true. I'm like cool. How much distance is 200 feet? He told me to treat this girl like the fire truck be saying. So I stood in the back of the corner of VIP White. Nevermind. I was gonna ask why you ain't just leave and go to any other strip club in in the world? They was in there of that. They was in there. They was in there Couldn you couldn't, yeah. Yeah it was, it was in there. It was worth the risk. Okay. You could add a blast. Not spoken to that girl. They was in there that night. Okay. So anyway, long story last long. The manager or one of the managers comes over to me and says, your dog, the cops is outside the hip hop.


Police are outside. They waiting on, they asking. They waiting on you. They waiting on you. You in there Shorty is working. I mean they got you. I said all right, bet. So I boogie. No, we go cook, We go in the corner, we figure out how we going run this motherfucking scat 22 flank. My man goes, we going to do it. I leave. Let's do it. Look, I leave with the car key. I drive my happy ass around the block looking for my man. They say yo, he going to go out this door. He going hit this gate. You be right there when he get off the gate. There you go. Pick him up.


And we gone tell him this. Boom. My man don't know how to hop a fence. It wasn't right fence. So where was Ish at? Like I said in the beginning of my story. In the car. In the, the fucking car. My man up waiting for your man. Thank you. So he wouldn't know what type of fence it was. I seen the fence. Stop it. I did. It was tall. Now you're about to lie. No, it was tall fence. Tall. So tall. So then stop saying it like tall. It was a regular fence. Tall. I didn't say it. And not only you didn't start with he don't, not to hop a fence like it was a regular fence. What do the, do the size of the nigga you from the hood. I mean if it's a 50 foot fence, I'm just saying how tall was the fence? Not, it was about 10, 15, 10 feet. 10 feet high. It is a fence nigga. No, I'm saying 10. Used to be able to, It is same chick. It is the, was it the one or the black one with the spikes Mark hold up.


No, it was hold up, hold up a chain. Link up. He in the car somewhere. He in a fucking Mercedes-Benz coop Red guts. He's Chilling from the outside of starlet. It's a big gate. It don't tell you where you're gonna end up at. It don't. And apparently there's a divider. So I hopped a gate and I landed in a sea of trash and it made mad noise. Cops start looking around. So I jumped the gate and landed in the broke left. So the cops is looking now they look in that direction lying You in a car nigga, shut up. Carry on.


So the next gate nigga Harry Potter Victor. It is like he said, It is like a 12 to 15 foot gate but it's like a garden right in front of the gate too. So you can't just jump right over the gate and land. You gotta jump the gate and then jump out. Ain't kind of clear. You gotta jump out. And I got scones on and that did not happen. Tuck, when I landed my whole ankle said pla. And I crawled to the car and he drove me home and I got out and he's still in the car. He like hey good. He said Nigga, if you don't come help me up these fucking steps. You fucking bitch. He lying to yo lied.


My podcast. My podcast, yo nigga lying. I'm lying. That's a great fucking story though. Yo. I don know truth. But that's a good answer Mark. It don't matter if you don't. If you nigga climb down the gate like a regular human bitch, you ain't Spider man. Nigga. You were not athletic. Climb your hunky. That's down. I am athletic. Evidently not in that moment man. Yo, that nigga got in the car. Yo. I don't want to, you can't talk athletics. I hurt my ankle and the next morning my shit swo up. Yo bro. Yeah, you broke his foot. I broke my foot. Broke his foot. I went to the hospital. They told me I broke my foot and that was right before the summer was about to Oh.


Oh my god. Still better than being in jail. Yes, yes. Still did the right thing. But then I don't know who to believe. Right. 'cause years later I did see the same hiphop police that was there that night and they was like, nigga we wasn't checking for you. We wasn't looking for you at all. Wow. Now I'm just telling you what he told me. Exact dude was the curly head. Yeah man, that's my man. He, he ain't got no reason to lie to me. But yeah I know that nigga. I wasn't risking being court in front of the same judge that I just saw two days ago. I would've looked like the biggest fool and gave you that warning. Yeah you did the right thing. Get the fuck outta there. Yeah, just come down the gate slow. Hey my foot, if my foot healed, it healed. Maybe not the same but it healed a little bit.


Alright, let's get to it. Alright, we here now man. I see what type of vibe y'all want today Man, everybody had a good mood. Lemme check the temperature. Yes sir. Parks You right man. I'm fucking wonderful. Flip What's up? You good? You Gucci? I feel, I feel good man. Little allergies but that ain't about nothing. Same. That ain't about nothing bitch. I I I'm with you. Listen, I'm with you grass be doing this to me. God damn I fucked up right now. Yeah, you too. Our whole face fucked up. I can't breathe. That's why I got store. My shit's ran as hell bro. You ain't look fucked up last night pu your show nigga. You ain't look fucked up with your show last night. You be lit too on this show nigga Tonight.


And nigga you come on like 12:00 AM Thank you very time. Oh it came about 12:00 AM It's supposed to come on at 10:00 AM 10:00 PM Oh okay. But it was a sex night in the hill house and I was like you know what, these nights when you married, these things don't come across as often as you might think Sex night in the hill. That who the fuck? I don't think it's nothing wrong with pencil By the what Yo Did you say sex night? I was like Fuck that show nigga. Sorry y'all fuck them fans technical. I was like there technical difficulties. Fuck them fans. And there were oh man. Oh shit. Pencil and in nigga nigga nigga said what's he do like throw the robe or something.


Like what Gave what gave it off. That nigga said next night said fuck, fuck. They'll get, they'll get free eventually. Yo. Please yo don't get free that down. Down What? I know you, I know you white but you can't say it. I didn can't said said no that's what he said he to nigga down hook crook. Bigger sensor though. I think we're actually supposed to leave that in for mass Media. Oh man. Oh shit. Just remember that Joe, because nigga you crazy. Shit real quick.


My wife just present me about that too nigga. I cut my hair so you just, 'cause I cut my hair short. You trying to say you not you don't wanna have sex with me. She pressed me. I said wait what had I had the pencil in in too? I don't think there's nothing wrong with the pencil. In pencil when you get married you start pencilling shit in. Yeah, that's what I'm trying to tell you. But she tried to do like some type of reverse shit to like you don't have to do all that girl you fired. Huh? We don't gotta do all that. Right. Let's get to it. Yeah, you don't have to do all that. I was busy deal with some Patreon shit, but I put that down. I'm trying to get to the bag. I got a sweet 16 coming up. It's a lot of money. He put that away. But nigga wait, you don't gotta press me like that. At the same time we both went through that it was something in the end. That's why he's watching high school. I know exactly.


Poll was in the air. For real. Fuck you, everybody not ho like you nigga. What? What you want some type of herbal, herbal pills nigga that keep you hard all day for you. Would you have to say something man? Yes. Sorry. You talked about when your lady moves here that you know you don't want that the sex rhythm is gonna change and that you're not gonna be doing this all day every day. That's not gonna be a problem. I promise you when you live with somebody and especially once you get married, your sex life gonna change anything. I changed it already. That's a fact. No, no, no. I'm with y'all. It does change. I'm with y'all and it's gonna lead to fights. It will. And you got both ways? No, we here already. Oh okay. Oh good. Okay. We already, I was about to chime in and and join y'all and y'all.


You don't. You don't. I'm about to join. It's ISO right now nigga you not married nigga It iso you not married. You run away from marriage when you get married nigga you can talk. You not married. Get get put that thing away. It is the niggas that's married talking about baby. You heard. Damn God. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I I'm sorry. Whatever I did had an iso God shit. I just wanna say it's dead. I just wanna say it's not intentional to why? Why it's not intentional. You become so accustomed to each other that it's the routine you be, you be busy and they understand a lot of times they support you. Yeah. Should be happen. So you become engulfed in your work and say look I bet I'll be married this year.


I can't wait. They quite your, I bet you this will be the last year and you gonna be Joe are married. You saw the numbers too. Right. Right. Are you crazy? How about this next year, around this time. Second quarter you gonna be smiling like a motherfucker. Ain't gonna be a little down time you had Oh my, I was watching my brothers. Nah, nah, nah nah. You gonna be very happy idiot. Yesterday, the daytime she, she tried to sneak in but it was such an awkward comment talking about, you know it's been a while since we had sex in the nighttime. You a daytime Lover. I was like yo, I prefer I'm a daytime lover. I time. But that's Just some weird shit to say while You, while you Laying down with somebody.


I say yo, I say yo, are you keeping track of that? Like is that a stat that you even Keep? No, they keep track of that shit. Everything. Mines keeps track of it. She's like, she keep a little journal. Shit. Mine too. She gotta ask. So y like That is crazy. It's crazy Something. Huh? You saying like well It dipped like, like The frequency change. Everybody not too. I'm not fam I'm, I'm just, Everybody's not too busy. It changes. It changes asking. It changes. You're a porn star. I'm not a porn star. Well let me just tell I I dipped outta that and was like yo heard you gonna take care of that. But something about 44 a good meal and the right temperature in the room.


Yeah. Going sleep. Yeah it's over. You gonna sleep some right? Are you crazy? Yeah. That ain't just 44. I mean well it certainly is not 38 fit girlfriend because I went to sleep at about seven like a baby boy. She had the worst night of sleep. She was up all night long stomping back and forth. So you can wake up slamming, wake you up, slamming she the phone. She Got The TV up. I'm so, yeah I wake up. You upstairs wait. Right, Wait right back. Wait, wait. We texted me all night. Four, three in the morning.


She's like your phone keeps going off so, so hot. Oh I got the best sleep in the world. Oh I know what you're talking about. Yeah, I'm cool At nighttime fucking shit. That slamming door shit that hit like shit. Nighttime fucking shit. I sleep. Oh yeah. I sleep through it. I sleep through Everything. I can't sleep through That slamming door shit. I sleep through all that shit. For real. You crazy. The stomps, All of that shit. Nah, not me nigga. Yo. Hey turn that shit down yo. I sleep like a baby. When I'm tired I'm done. I'll Be out. I'll be up with my eyes closed talking in my head. Look at this stupid bitch trying to make me mad. I'm gonna just stay fake sleep. I know that makes, I'm gonna just stay fake Sleep.


Sleep face down too. Yeah. Yeah. Fake sleep. Stay asshole sometimes. But You gotta turn Your face the opposite way so they Don't see because now you gotta sleep on your stomach. So she'll try to take, take it That don't stop Them. I know upstairs. Well So then I was well rested at about 5:00 AM So I got up and fucking start cleaning, doing some dishes. Nigga clean. I'm just saying I'm up at 5:00 AM Now you getting into your little bit of sleep. Cool. You getting hitting a little light snow. I'm like oh that's my baby. Oh I love her man. Think about that fucking daylight savings time. Shit. The sun come out a little faster, a little early at around 6:00 AM I went in light beaming on the face sitting with a face off across.


I laid the blind like oh look at you. Stupid motherfucker playing around asleep. Playing around. Yeah. Oh my god. After the ladies listening out. Love y'all for sure. Oh man. And and and our wives and girlfriends. Beautiful. Wonderful ladies partner without y'all couldn't, this show is not possible without y'all. This show's dedicated to y'all. Y indeed. Yeah. Dedicated to our significant others. That's right. That's a fact. That's right. Yes. By the way crazy though. It is never the Thank you bro. It's never the right real quick. It's just never the right time for me. What I mean is that like I've noticed that when my wife come in, the times that she wants to communicate with me is during the times I'm doing something.


Yeah. So I'm typing some shit deep type two. So yo, let me ask you a question. So in my mind it's like yo don't Yeah. What can I say? Be right back Mil. Why would you say that? See up here. That girl move you up here too. Why would you say that bro? Are you fucking nuts? That was too funny. Why would you say that? That's not I didn y'all. I didn't understand that You That's so rude. That was rude. That was, that's not true nigga. I'm sorry And that was rude. I'm sorry. Totally inappropriate. Un that was funny and not true. That's not true. It wasn't milky anyway. Niggas Asia, I'm playing you my nigga.


Nah, I'm a niggas bullshit. I love this vibe. Why do I thrive in these? These people that they're referring to are workers, coworkers and they work. I mean nothing salacious happened. My wife comes first before or any of that s Right. What I'm saying is while I'm dealing with the work, sometimes it'd be the wrong time. And when I tell her that she doesn't know how to receive that, no they don't. They don't. It's always the wrong time. They don't wanna hear that shit. They don't wanna hear that it be times I'm not doing shit. She don't wanna talk. I'm just laying like this. Women are what they claim men are in some of these regards. Ooh. Oh you waking it up, keep going there it down it down when they want it.


You gotta shut the fuck up and give it to him. Yeah. Oh that is factual. Yeah you went, you went deep. That is factual. You just got to, you got to. And you'll know when next time it's coming around. So you really got to and you get married, you like look it ain't worth it. Yeah. Yeah bitch you get quiet when we talk about our girl girl talk nigga. I like, that's what I like about you. You got your shit. I don't never get quiet when we talk about girls. No I'm talking let me fix it. Yeah you get quiet when we get like my nigga, they been tearing me up on the internet all weekend for talking about women. Now you think I'm gonna talk about some women up here today? There you go. That's what what you out your fucking mind you talking about that thing. Right. That was between you, that whole situation. Me and mark. Me, me, me and exchange. You called that too. You put that in the air. I did. That doesn't seem fair.


'cause y'all didn't really get to finish the argument properly at all. No. But they were still killing you. The comments, it don't matter. It don't matter. The comments were significant. People have no idea what y'all talking about right now. So on Paton, me and Mark had a pat to the Paton conversation that went back and forth and it kind of got cut short. So we didn't really get to expound on our, our complete thoughts. Right. And I had a little a child running around so we was a little scattered as well. It is the ultimate dude cast in the room. Even little dude to me in the room. I'm like the It is cook mark. But on the internet again, he just, I don't know what the fuck but I don dunno how you do it. Mark s that that's your fucked my brain up though. Was the point. Was the point right there. That was the point. What was the point that Mark pandered.


So we can't say what we I didn I'm not rolling with you and you, you agreed with me and you gotta stop doing that too. I'm gonna start calling you. I'm gonna start calling your card like I'm gonna start calling your card. I'm gonna start calling your card. We agreed with you in the beginning. Yeah, I didn't agree with you in that. In the beginning was you was I'm gonna start calling everybody up here card it stop because what niggas be doing don't do it. You don't do it. I don't gotta call your card do you? Don't do it. I'm gonna start calling your card what I do. You'll sit there and you'll toss out some, some, some, some, some bait to the piranhas and have him nigga sit you go he Wait, wait, wait. I do do that. But you're moving the goalposts. I didn't do that with y'all. Yes you did. You said turn the oven on you at one point. No. Yes you did. At first y'all said that I didn start that conversation.


No you didn't. No Imani started the conversation. That's what I'm saying. What I'm saying is you had thoughts in the conversation and you be like well I have thoughts in every conversation. I just don't, you know, don't feel you know that some of your thoughts be inappropriate or that don't side on the side of popular opinion and yo shut up. You didn't used to do that. Now you will. I'm gonna start calling. Just chill. Ike Yes I have a filter to the things that I, I'm not think and say. Got it. I agree with that. I also disagree with some of the shit that you had to say possible in the conversation. And I agree with some of the shit you, it's possible like for me, if y'all gonna take have those type of talks that I normally stay away from, I'd like to shut the fuck up and hear both sides.


We can't really have 'em though. And that was my point. Well but we can we we can't. We cut the, we cut the mic off. See and that's where they get on your ass. We cut them. Why not? Why not? You can't have them because that's where they get on your ass you feel like and whatever your answer is is where I disagree. You feel like you can't have them because everybody is soft. You feel like he'll come off, you come up that way. Not just that it's a lot of shit that when I said that was the point like you said in the room you said he killed, he cooked in the room here. He did. Yeah. Thought he unfortunately Why do think that scorecard, I agree with some of your same sentiments which you were saying and in the room that it was mostly like it was all men in here. You heard the conversations that we had on mic and off mic and off mic.


I was able to make my point more eloquently because some of the stuff that we were saying off mic, can I don know if eloquent would be the word? Definitely wasn't the word word not eloquent. Straightforward, not eloquent. You just more straightforward. Straightforward accurately. Yeah. And as a result the things that we were saying off mic as men we agreed with off mic, we can't men necessarily some because hem boy wait, hold on. He stood there and say I really believe in what I'm saying. I don't believe I can't let It is broadcast. It is too big me to let You. Right You right, You right, you're right, you're right. You right. Keep kind speaking and cold. True. Got you. Okay. True. So either we can have a talk at some point later 'cause I don still don't think that's a con conversation to open with. No, we got you. I got you. So we can revisit it later.


I'm gonna say the internet going on fire about it. And I was just gonna say real quick before we start, I love that though. Flip My point was in the room it was different out there. It's messenger versus message Ish. Can't say certain shit because he got a white girl no matter what they got it and that was the point that I was Got it. Okay. So when they hear that sounds dismissed. Wait I hate that point. It is the truth. Don't think that's, I don't think, wait yo dog, how you gonna say you hate the point when you the nigga read the comments. The comments say yo, who the fuck are you to be saying that when you got a white girl? Some people say that. What are we talking about? A lot of people say that. A lot of people are saying that it's a lot. When did you start reading comments? I've been reading. I don't read 'em as much as I used to read them shits. Nigga they come in your inbox.


Pause. So these people everybody reads comments. Yeah, no I thought so. He just earlier said he didn't read comments. Everybody reads comments. No I don't dog. When a nigga is tagging you are adding you. Oh you're saying like what the fuck you you sending to you but read it. Alright let's but so we can move past it. We can move past it. I I just wanna say though, just again pandering, I find unfair and offensive. True. I agree. 'cause it it, it because you said it a few minutes ago. I did and it it it it becomes a reflection of my character at some point. 'cause it suggests I'm being dishonest or disingenuous or mendacious when in fact I just believe the shit Mendacious Mendacious, that nigga pulled out the mana men. Holy shit. Hell men mend he got words. He pulled his words out.


Shout out the menis. Nah, I'm just saying I believe what I say. Boy that's my guy man. Yeah I believe this shit as you, you know we just see it different. Got you. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Here we start the show. Nah, don't make man yo if we coming back for that nigga, we ain't ain doing already ran his like that. He already told, he came and told me what happened. We coming back, we got yeah we like that. Got you fucking, he ain't got nothing nigga I'm okay. I'm picking and choosing now. Let's nigga let's go. I don't need no help. Let's go about ain't nigga ain not body media. I can do that. Don't talk to my man like that though. I don't need your help. Alright. I'm sorry I ain't like, I ain't like what? Just happening. Shut up. We don't need on the back.


His attitude body's help nigga. Oh. Not no turn to get your niggas. I I take both of y'all yo. Climbing the fences again. Yo, you, you, you, you, you, you beating on your chest a little too hot rough nigga. I spot weakness. I smell Blood In the Water. It is cool. Come on bro. He took me crazy, crazy. We got a production going on here. We do. It is a professional. Have your music queued ups of people watch Blood In the Water. Yo. Watch fucking talking crazy talking in my man. Not even remotely close bro. We know you, we know you Mr. A confident man but allow us to, you know, to allow us us to say what we saying we got you.


What you talking about? I ain't gonna lie. Shout to my sister Mel. That was one of my favorite parts of Mel not being here like I got, I got my marking Ish. It is, It is been a little while. I couldn't really get mine marking Ish. He ruptured some shit. He be Chilling. I'll come to work. Right Mel, Mel jumping and beat up voice for whoever she feel like being a voice for sometimes. That's not a knock. That's my girl. But when you get outta here ka corso blood. The dog bark nigga. Hey hey. Oh the Ry wild is in the town. He don't come to the dog park often.


Other dogs get scam. Man. Sometimes they both come to the dog park. Ooh. Oh I know you talking about the two big doors gonna Yeah I Love it. Damn. I wanted to get into that shit too. But No you Don I didn't care about the topic. No you Don like y'all do. I don't do that. I don't do that topic topics on fire. That's not my topic. I know my, I know my, my money topics and my not money topics. Got my brother. I got you as you know yours as you know his. I got you. That ain't one of my, if y'all dance in one of my money topics, I'm jumping in there. I ain't just watching two dogs do that and I'm in a dog park too. You crazy. No you pool. Damn. I'm coming. No, you used to be. You better stop. You not poodle topic. Come on, let's not What's your dog name's?


Let's not get crazy. Let's Yeah you like Ga. You are a German shepherd now. Let's, you used to, you used to get crazy used. Used to be ready to lock. Now you just, You know what I mean? Yeah I know. Shepherds a clever nigga. Watch your fucking mouth. That's what he is. Clever Trevor. Clever. You know what I mean. Don't risk it all nigga coming in. Oh shit. Crazy son. You this nigga play with you like that disrespectful son. You fell off y'all nigga just said whatever they want to. You nigga said the construction money more like niggas talking crazy. I'm against you two nigga. Now today. Fuck. Come on we we back dude.


Flip It is you you said instigating. I'm good. This nigga crazy. And even that you falling for his trick. That's, I never fought for no trick. That's an illusion. Even him making people think that we against each other. Oh so he tried to, we play the, he the one instigating. I didn't tell him against nobody who instigating me. Wait I tell fucking trade the fuck you nigga. Yo, you falling off, you letting a nigga talk to you like yes he is. That's instigation nigga. Wait I tell you until I tell you how my Saturday night went, what he was around. I just gotta tell you about my Saturday night. Alright. If you tell me something then it's gonna make me look at you a little bit different my nigga. Right. Let's see, because you did call me from some some bullshit. I'm saying I'm like yo, it. Hello, where you at?


Alright Now I feel two ways about capitalism in general. One, I think It is as it existence now, It is definitely hurting far more people than it's likely ever helped. But at the same time, listen, I'm trying to get rich all and It is finally beginning to see like I just might pull it off. So I need capitalism for like five more years. All right. And then we can do the Revolution. Lemme get right first.


Yeah. Down. Do the revolution. Yeah, We can revolution. Just hold on though. My that's funny Though. And my palace, I mean like a nice two bedroom, you know, Five o'clock in the morning. It might be three though. I Check One.


So Y'all could be here with us today. Shout To wherever you might be listening from Eyes and you say New York City first sight contact. Remember the night we first met, I caught Up. What? What up Against the, you know we hus. So hustling is our must.


So all the after me g come on The first time wherever you be, listen From, do do, do That voice. So, So I typed a text to a girl like you.


I apologize if this message down. I see, see y'all frown. But I'd rather see her smiling witness all around me. True. But I'm no island. I no crazy give up all this pussy cat that's in my lap. No looking back, spaceships don't come equipped with rear view mirrors. They dip as quick as they can. The atmosphere is now ripped. I'm so like a pip. I'm glad it's night. So light from the sun would not burn it on my, I shoot the broom like a preemie out the womb. My partner yelling too spoon. Don't do it on the subject.


You sure. Fuck. That was one of the best songs. If y'all, if y'all was a rapper and three and three stacks asked you to come, come hop on a drum, y'all would do it. Absolutely. Yeah. For sure. Tell the truth. I would. Yes. I Wanna learn something. I Absolutely be honest. Yes I would. I'm learn something from One of the best niggas. The on the planet. Yeah. I'm gonna get on the record. That's not true. You're crazy saying, y'all saying that is niggas that have never written a verse. No. Nah, I'm out. I don't believe it. I don. Yeah why? Tell me why. 'cause he is one of the best rappers in the world just asking to be a part of this type of, Hey y'all, if Steph, if Steph called you to come hoop, just to say I did it. Well I'm not a hooper. So he would be calling me as a podcaster. If Andre 3000 called you as a rapper when you were rapping, Some of the best producers in the world have asked me to get on something with them.


And I have said yes no answer the question. I won't be there. When, when and where. What time? What time? Yes. Three Stacks calls you Yo Joe button. I got this record. Joe as a rapper. Yes, Joe. This, I'm going over this what Joe button as a nigga sitting on the couch doing a podcast lip up, he sees in the same class as him and the rest of us are just shrubs. No, but I'm just saying bro, like I'm just saying even me feeling how I felt about me, there are certain niggas that when you they walk in the studio, you know you're gonna have a really long night. Oh for sure. Listening to this. I know a lot of people that would, that that, that are not coming to this fight. You're not just walking into this fight with a smile on your face. These you you words. It is ridiculous. You add words with the smile on your face.


All of that. If I'm a rapper, I don't know if three stacks want me the studio deal with, with Meek. Like y'all talk about three stacks. If I'm a rapper, stacks call me. I'm jumping on the record bro. I'm not saying I'm smoke. Alright. It is your song. It is my song. Not not he called you to come get on his Song even more so. Yes, It Is your song. You feel like there's a nice spot on this song on your album. You right me. Please this Smoke me. You Right. Smoke me. You can help sell this motherfucker. Record. This is what he stole me. First off, he only put a verse out every what? Three years back then. And you honored to be the verse and I'm and I You gonna give me the verse. I you god damn right. I'm gonna take that verse. I put him on a m I don't even know I'll do like Ross did on 16 or like ti I did on song. Jesus.


He killed who? He He Bo Both of them. Yeah. Cool. Do what you do. I'm gonna do this right here and get the fuck out the way. I don't even know who else is on the walk Out remix. Walk out like Usher. I don't know Jim Jones, Jim Jones. Jim Jim Jones. No. Who knows that? No he is not. No he's not. He respectfully. Hey that's my man. Yeah. No he's not. I get what? But that's, no he's not. I get what you're saying. I get what you're saying. But that's fine though. That's like Styles another, that's my guy. That's like styles on the end of fucking big mech. BMF. Like you're not, they are, you're not. People just play a different version. Play the leave their verses out when they play it. That's all. How would y'all feel about that?


I wouldn't like that. I wouldn't care. You, you know, you, you could play my fucking version nigga. I'll break you up. You're talking to my s right? Right. I take party your's fine. Your Ps fine. Oh I'm cool. I my shit. Nah, nah, that's not, no that's not true. That's not true. That's not true. That's not, I ain't gonna sit there and say that. No because if that shit go and be Song of the Summer or something and they come I want it. I'm taking Parks that his word. 'cause he is a musician. The rest of y'all don't believe this shit. I'm saying no. I said no nigga. I said no I want to hear my shit. I'll be upset. Yeah I don't. Yeah nigga they was cutting you off of what's the name I was mad. Name was cutting off NBA. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He was outta here on NB. Oh yeah, that's right. He not on my version. And it was, it was originally shit.


That nigga God. Oh yeah. Yo mix going on. Yo. I was mad when they wasn't putting you on the, the records. You took Joe off of his own records. No, I wanna know Fo Flex. That's Fab. That's Fab's Tori. Wow. Wow. For sure. Wow. Be your old people man. Be your old people. That's, that's it though. Yo Ice mad in the club nigga do like yo French got that hit nigga that's not French. That was my man. Shit. That's French record. What my girl Ena say you can't trust no one. Even the nigga you sleep with, she let Rich dollars have it fuck ice.


Yeah. That's crazy. But hey that's his Serato can tell nobody what to do with Dave Serato. Fuck that. Play my shit nigga. Fuck outta here. Mm. One Saturday night when I went out fucking, I wanna talk about Saturday night. I let's, let's switch the pod Dude. We'll get to your Saturday beer on, you Know we got your back. Like if that bitch do you dirty, we'll watch Ass out As in detergent. Hurry, hurry, go on to TheARTI. I know you ain't a pimp Stack. Heart stack. Heart stack.


I remember when this video Dropped nigga Video. Oh my God. East Coast nigga can't come after that verse. No, you gotta have accent to come after that verse. Alright. I promise I'm starting the show soon. I show They Weren't scared. No, they weren't scared at all.


Nobody. Yeah, not at all. They all Brought it. They did About it. So if somebody got a classic verse and they just beat you, all them niggas went crazy bro. They all went crazy. But Andre shit, there's level, there's there's levels to going crazy. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. I just wanna be, they all went crazy. Yes. It's crazy than this. There are levels to going crazy Andre the verse ever. That's like one of the greatest verses. That's an iconic verse. It is. You Shit, It is right there yo. But It is up there. But It is, It is right there. It is. I think that's a matter of preference. I just don't wanna be the nigga. Peoples skip like, like when Notorious thugs come on. I hear that part. Oh, oh, oh. What are you about to say? A take that's gonna lose you part of the month. No, I once big do his verse.


I'm done. I I'm just saying. Oh. Oh my God. It is levels to it. I'm not saying they verse is bad. It's a great verse. It's just, but you said I'm done. Like turn this, this shit off after. That's not, I just wanna hear, I just wanna hear big again. That's not true. Oh man, bro, that's not true. The consensus on that. You are the sole person in that minority. Think the big body verse. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. But what he said, let you move. Go done big. I'm gonna, the goalpost is, I'm just going what, what Mark said saying he's cutting off notorious thugs after big, after big, after big. I just love big Thugg. I disagree but I'm not all the way mad at it. Oh Fuck That. That's not a crazy tape. It is. That is a to cut that song off. Cutting it off.


First of all, wait a minute. No, no, no. Joe Joe's trying to steal my title so he is gonna make this sound like I just said that Martin Luther King is a, is a, first of all, a lot of people got now as Potter of the month. That's fine. So it's not me just trying to steal it. I'm the greatest. I'm the greatest in the world. Yeah Man. I was thinking about today, by the way, you are really wheels now. That was a pro Tion and that's why I wanna talk about Saturday. Okay? That's exactly why I wanna talk about Saturday wheels because of Wills. Bitch.


Nobody on her ever did this. Nobody did that. I'm not letting you do that. Mark, rest in peace. Biggie. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. His mom. I love you. Come on Mark. Not like these. Come on, mark. What? Nobody did that after the three minute intro and then getting through. Big verse. I wanna hear more big. I go to the next big track. No. Yeah. You want to hear I'm more that you 'cause I take you at your work.


Come on. Don't fucking lie. Now all nigga Is don't lie, Mark. I don't want don't do that again. Don't lie up.


Appear again. I will see it in your hands up here. That was crazy. Do that again. No disrespect. The both don't lie. Dis Say lie. Get up here. It ain't, you ain't just saying like your big happy No no you saying yo, I cut it off after you the big, you leaving out detail no more part of the you you leaving out detail. Didn't hear the detail I left out. We was comparing it to, to Andre saying like, Andre had you said there levels to this shit. And you were saying everybody's not that. That's not that. No. Listen, I'm saying don't nobody cut international players off after Andres. No, no this, that's what I'm saying. Listen what I'm saying, you're saying everybody got busy but there's levels to Andre got more busy than everybody else's. It's an iconic verse And that's, that's a level that's preference thing that's subjective yo. That that's a preference.


But I'm saying for me it's the same thing. Everybody got busy on, on Notorious thugs. I just think for me particularly the moment where I heard that in 97 when that shit came out in Atlanta and niggas didn't know Big could rap like that For me, that big verse is iconic like that for me. And everything else is a level below. Even though it's fire. That's also i I go to the next big track. Notorious we not cutting big. I hate Notorious th is amazing. Shout I don cut neither of these songs off by the way. Exactly. I understand what Mark's logic is. I I get this logic too. I'm just saying I don't get it. A teenager. A teenage Joe button. Huh? Notorious thugs. I didn't cut it off when I was a teenager. Fresh off the train from 120 fifth with a leader dip Brought it back to the wait.


What a leader God leader shit. Saved up. Saved up. Boy leader. Something wrong with you. God Damn nigga. Niggas crazy this nigga. Hey the secret knock at the door nigga. Let me get that. Bring it back to the hood with that on PCP bulk. Oh my Lord. You at the Sam's Club Costco. Oh hey this is the family show. We do not condone the use of drugs, especially that and you niggas are not testing y'all drugs. So y'all just consuming anything that's true. Facts, please be careful word, no matter what your decision making is. What episode is this? Eight 11. Welcome to episode 811 of the Joe Button podcast.


Brought to you by a few by power by my favorite Fuelers PrizePicks. That's a premium shout to PrizePicks, prize Fits gang.


I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, highly favored host Joe button here with a few of my really, really, really, really good people. Get 'em getting great company. When these guys are around to my right Queens Flip none other then Queens get the money. It is in the building. What's popping? Chilling, Chilling, whatever. What up Dr. Mark Lamont Hill is in the building. King Wawa. It is in the building. The freezes of them all. Missed to take it further. Ice is in the building. El Myra finest Parks is here. PO is here. Corey is here somewhere doing squats. Fucking Ericsson is here. Tanner Avon are here by Ram Remote. Last but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys are out here. What's popping? What's popping? Happy birthday. Happy birthday to Happy birthday Ian.


Happy Birthday to ate. What is the white Happy Birthday? Go to like in the happy, Happy Birthday you buddy Quantize. Really quantize it. That's Gordy Happy Birthday to Ian. Man. Just turning 33 or however old he is. Who knows What's up man. How y'all doing? Doing good man. Great. Good. What's going on? How y'all feeling? What's popping? What's popping? How's everybody's weekend? How's everybody's mental health? Good, good shit is all up man. They think It is good. Yesterday was my son's birthday. Nico. Hey Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. Let's go, let's go, let's go on his birthday. His teacher sends a fucking email. So you know I I'm there.


I was, I was conflicted. Good or bad? Bad bad one. They don't send good emails. Oh yeah. And then she had the nerve. My wife is mad 'cause the teacher said, we hope that we hope you enjoy p we hope Pierre Joyce's birthday. But like, oh we are aware today's Pierre birthday. But like, like my wife was mad, she was snitching. I'm like you can't be mad at that. If he's doing bad niggas, he's doing bad. Wait till Monday ain't do that shit. This, See that's ignorant. That's, that's aggressive. That means he must be I don really fucking up that classroom. Yeah, that's, I'm saying I feel, I feel like the teacher had a right birthday or not. I I, I told my son the story. The day of my birthday I got suspended from summer camp. My mother and father was gonna take me to a WWE e event and that's the day I got suspended. Sometimes we make dumb decisions that shit demon was born.


You know what I mean? Cynthia with Nico like, you know it's your birthday be cool. Yeah. Now ain't the time to wild out now ain't the time be cool niggas thing is because it's my birthday. I mean I can do whatever free. I've been wilding out for three weeks. Like I've been wilding out some kids. It is just really great at math. Right. I get to wild out for a whole quarter and then ooh, my one day is bad. Yeah. So, so hold on. So then she sends that so then I'm tight 'cause it's his birthday. So then I send a mass emails to the teachers and you know the rest of the teachers is saying positive shit after I just flipped on him yesterday. I don't care if it's your birthday, even though I still took him out. I don't care if it's your birthday walking around slamming shit. I don't care nigga. Gimme this bike, this electric bike I bought you nigga.


I'm about to take it outside but still. What did he do? Like what did he do to get in trouble? Just, just Well they said that just on the phone. He's very smart. They said but just not, not not being a boy my nigga. Yeah. Being a boy and completing his work late. Not handed it in just that particular class. I thought it was all that. Not so bad. That's not bad. What class is it? Nah, that's correct. Class English. That's correctable. It's correctable but it's not the time of your birthday. Yeah, I shouldn't receive that email. When we about to go outside for your birthday. Teacher could have known like, all right you been fucking up. I got a trick for you. I got you. Yeah, my wife send this shit home on your birthday. Yeah, she's upset but I, I think, I think the teacher did the right thing. I'ma sell out. You being a boy my nigga. Grades is good.


Anything else fall? No but I didn't know it but hold on. But when I, when I saw the progress report it says the grades wasn't good. But then when I emailed the teachers they said that he improved. So it was, it was a lu because I was mad And then this morning like two in the morning, three in the morning I started getting emails And I said oh and I had to set in the screen. The are emailing you at two in the morning. Right. Oh no. Teachers don't play today. Yeah they do. They be, anytime I send all night lesson plans, they be up doing they be other shit for the week. I felt, I felt a little bad too. Parks why? Because like I gotta send, I sent the bad email in the family group chat and now I gotta send the good one. I felt crazy like oh shit. He was saying I'm doing good in other classes. You ain't believing. Nah, didn didn't. I didn't.


Yeah, they used be lying. Yeah. Yeah. So that, that was my, you know week, my, my weekend and then my son's birthday. Okay. Nigga, nigga say something nigga I'm playing with niggas kids but niggas fuck you up in here. Yo Didn didn't congratulate your nephew nigga Happy Birthday. I didn't even say anything. I like the post. I don, I don like the post I like a lot. Birthday posts. Your post likes to be lit. I'm slowing down on that shit now that I know Lie I discovered a lot. Instagram just be snitching shit. I discovered a lot of shit. You nigga It is over for that. That shit in the corner. It is over for that double. I don't like no more. What you mean what snitch my face Big in the corner. Yeah. When you tap snitch. Yeah. Nah it it shows nigga that shit be showing niggas quotes.


Yes. Well if you're leaving quotes yo, that should be showing niggas quotes. You leaving the quotes Ish. No I'm saying I don niggas, you know we do. You can read niggas quotes. You still didn't buy that real estate Mom still available still that you know. You talking realtors. Hey, I got some consult for you. Look what you're doing instead of buying up real estate. Yeah his consult bag is lit. Yeah, I know fool. How you find the time to consult though? Like you, you do it in the car like you be doing it weird places. Usually niggas consult in their house or in their office. You, you want to go, you want to go got the mobile office. You got the mobile consultation.


Yo nigga gave so nasty. Yo. Yo you gotta stop giving pick you up at 7:00 PM seven to nine nigga driving in circles. That nigga will not park. Not Ish. So driving to Delaware. Hey this niggas come, come, come to me. Come to me to DC real quick. Yeah this nigga you can get your shit off. Yo. Yo. Something wrong with your brain dog. What's up with your, what's up with your weekend? Yo, You right in Virginia. I get it for a quarter square foot. Like honestly he out there telling anything crazy. Lie yo out here it might be like that with the credit.


But in Virginia, Tencent per square foot like you wanna go right now we go now 50 years old. I like to drive nigga square foot. It is a fool. Oh man. Something wrong with this guy yo. So I want to shout out to, I do want to shout out to my driver. So who is on vacation and it's a long vacation? Oh man. Oh man. And he one of them niggas Are you okay? That told me about the vacation 10 years ago, five months ago. And you forgot. You forgot. So now just the other day. It is March 17 v Joel, you know March 20th to April 90 9th of April.


April 20th. Remember I told you I'm going back as soon as I'm about to fucking blast every I going back to Africa now. You can't say nothing now. Can't say nothing. When they say I'm going back to Africa to do some African shit, It is like rap. But then you're not pro black. Look and Muslim. And Muslim and Ramadan like all he starts showing me pictures from the like border over there. It is like mad crowd. I'm like yo, just go my nigga. You got it. Go. What? So that means he, he don't got, I don I never been. You just that up? No, he didn't show me a picture with of the border. I don't know what It is. It's the, this time over there, wherever he went is the busiest traveling time. Got it, got it, got it. That see what you're saying? So the increase is up by like 30,000. I see what you're saying. Okay. Okay.


I've never been, I'm taking him his word. For some reason I thought border different. I, I, no, I don't know. It might not have been the board. I'm talking shit right now. Got it. So he's gone. Which means any fun. Well any non fun anything. I gotta drive. You're on your own buddy. And the weather. Damn. And the weather just broke. I gotta drive right. Yo. Damn. The weather has just been nice. It's fucked up. B yo dog. This, this is such a tough story man. Word I be watching new shows. I don don't even know how you going cold. I no all just driving around A 300,000 car gonna lie is fucked up dog. I know shit himself. I debated with myself whether to even give this take because of how it would come off. But I'm going to stand in it. I don't see how y'all niggas are driving.


I I ain't gonna hold you. That driving shit is for the birds. It is horrible. Yo. This nigga It is a horrible experience yo. Something wrong with we Ubered. That was one of the worst experiences as an adult. I ain't touched Will since I driving around. Oh my Lord is bad. That's nice y'all So anyway must be nice Saturday night it's mad niggas birthdays. It is E bro's birthday party across the street. So now I look like a dick but I'm driving over there. I drive over, drive over there big boy. I mean I in your shit. Ebro look you pomp as fuck. Look at your button. Yeah you look at your button douche. Yeah I know, I know, I know I shouldn't feel like that but it was fly so I go in Ebro shit.


I mean Say what up there. Everybody can't stay too long. Happy Birthday to Ebro. It's my guy didn't even know about that fly little spot that's right there real beautiful spot. I told you girl I didn't know it was beautiful spot. I don bro beautiful spot, great fucking finger food, great everything Bar ambiance. Saw a Peter Rosenberg saw a DJ enough. You know I'm kind of hot. 97 family. I used to work there. It's like a thing with me. I am hot 97 kind. So when I see niggas be like oh it's a thing. But I couldn't stay there too long because Dennis Rock Owen's birthday too at another spot. So I leave Ebro shit and drive yo. Could you believe this shit? Yo, yo yo. It is whole different. Tell him how far you had to drive though.


How long, how long was the drive? Damn nigga. 20 minutes. Not even. Not even 20 minutes. Damn. The 20 fucking minutes. I drove four miles away son. Six. Why don't you take an Uber 6.1 yo. That's fucked up dude. No man, I ain't drove. Let me go ahead and drive. I ain't drove. So you wanted to start and be a douche? No. Yes, yes. No. Where you parked at? Valet because I ain't see you when I pulled up because this stupid valet niggas ain't keeping me in the front so I could stunt. They parked me like away hiding my shit. But anyway, so I drive the fucking rock on shit because you was parked in the front wasn't you? Y'all I know. Well no I got first they saved it. Nevermind. You don't even know. Oh I don't know.


They hit you because that's his spot. Oh no. But there's a few spots where they normally put me when I do that. Well one time I did that is outside in the front. Yeah. Till it showed up. That was packed. Mm What? When I got there it was packed. Y'all trying to lower myself. I'm telling you was tight. They still park niggas in the front. I didn't even know that. Yeah they do. They do matters. None. I ballet and walked in. Me and my girlfriend drove. Got you. There we go. Why's my man? Go ahead. So I mean I'm happy for him here to take the van to the building. Little shuttle take a shuttle Byram.


Yo. That's funny. Let the nigga tell rest your story man. I go up in that piece somewhat early. I want to say maybe like 10, 10 15. I'm like Broco is not DJing 'cause it's his birthday and I ain't gonna hold you hostage. So let me kind of condense this. Mm. Broco is not DJing so Doughboy is gonna DJ Doughboy used to be my dj Doughboy is one of the best DJs ever in Jersey has ever seen. I just, so that's part of the reason I got there early is to hear Doughboy who I haven't seen or fucking just laid eyes and ears on in the wild. Ps.


I see Doughboy walk in, he walk everywhere but the DJ booth, he Chilling. He's saying what's up. The niggas he getting drinks. He, I'm watching the time go. Whoever is DJing is the worst nigga I've ever heard. DJing on a Saturday night. Wow. I know you not supposed to say that I 10 yet, but whoever the guy is, you find out soon from 10:00 PM Yo. So midnight wasn't what I was looking for but shout out to him for some reason. So I finally see Doughboy. I say Yo dog yo, what you doing yo, what you doing? What time do you go on nigga? Like why are you here next to me? Me find out. You talking about I go on at midnight.


Got it. Cool. Way before that happens at around 10 15. It's a PAC Night right behind me. You guessed it. All of the Muscle bound Newark niggas Always Though. Well I don't know them ice wasn't and they don't know me. I don't know if ice No I just know that behind me is about 17 Newark niggas that do pull-ups. Oh you Talking more And they dressed for the night. That's fine. I can coexist with these niggas. Sure. About five minutes in. One of them niggas taps me.


He got a phone in his hand turn around. He says yo, It is on the way. In my head thinking I wasn't looking for This. I wasn't thinking about Ish. Ish was probably the 7 million thing on your on your mind. On my mind. Just so It is Yesterday. But I'm not gonna say that to the Muscle Bound. I'm gonna say all hey cool bros. What's up about to be L then Stay safe.


That's right. Keep safe all. So I just keep on, I'm with my girl. About five minutes later he come back to me. He got the phone in his hand. He said yo, I got him on the phone. I said, who? He said? I said, okay, good for you. And and then he extended his arm. So now I don't want to tell this must Newark nigga I have inches full yo. I'm call Ish. Hey big dog, I don, I don't want those I can care less about Ish.


And if I did, yeah use his smart phone. But I don't say that like a pu stay safe like a pussy. Stay safe. I took his situation or awareness, I took his phone. There you go. Smart man. And now on the phone with Ish in the club that someone else's Phonesomebody else Ish. Yo what So fuck yo. This nigga still standing right here Ish. Think It is somebody else. I think it's somebody else. Don't interrupt my story. Please don't interrupt my story. Please. Oh man please let me just in 10 minutes you come in. He thought the muscle bound dude or someone else or you or someone else in, in 10 minutes, you jump in maybe seven It is thinks somebody else on the phone.


Apparently he looking for like somebody to run the joint. So he thinking it's that. So I take the phone, it start going off yo man. Yeah nigga save me a seat when I pull up, you know what time It is. Ah, I'm coming. I be there in about 10. I be there. First of all, I be there in about 10. I thought yo stick mess up the world. I on the phone. I said yo, do you know who you talking to? What the, he told my, oh dang. Oh shit. He said, I told my man to go get CD so yada yada. I said well your man got me.


So is there something I can do for you now you wanna help on that? How can I help? Anyway, I hand the phone back to the muscle bound Newark nigga Ish. Apparently is looking for the owner or the manager of the spot. Sure. Because on when he come he need a space. Sure. Because he ruptured his Achilles him. But he's him and he's him. Right. Andy's him. Andy's gotta park the wheels. Andy's got his fucking Medicaid, Obamacare bike wheel. So in my head I wanna say this to the Newark muscle bound nigga. But that's not, I don't have the relationship back with It is. So I'm like in my head had no way issues coming to, I looked at my girl, I said, why he don't just go to bed?


I looked at, I looked at somebody and she said, I don't know shit as God would have it about 15 minutes later in a pack club Antoine and that little stupid bike. Write that down. Not gonna say that word came rolling in. He got his knee on the bike seat on a Saturday night with a his hoodie on. He had no, his hoodie on. Yes, he hit and he rolled and he rolled in and hugged everyone. He went around the whole bar and then he rolled to a spot at the bar of Reserve fam and stood up.


There was a seat there, but he stood up. I took video now I took a video because my man should not, he should be laying there on your phone or his phone On my phone. I got the files. So he, as soon as he say something crazy, I'm gonna pull him up. But my man would not be bedridden like he was supposed to be. And he's sitting at the bar on a Saturday night of Rock, Lauren's birthday party. Everybody in the world in the building. Just talking to him, showing him love, showering him. Tell, tell I thought I didn move. Let me just move out the way. Let me tape my man.


Don't you know this nigga said bartender, I need a glass full of oranges. I said wait, what the fuck did this nigga just asks What's up with you? Said he don't drink. He's trying to, there's so many girls in the spot, he trying to get creative. You know what a nigga, nigga don't drink. He had the bar just saying shit big, a glass full of orange. What the fuck? Yo fuck. What you going nigga mean? Like yo, this nigga asking for, we don't even mad half what? You know what I'm gonna get 'em. That's not true. She got him some oranges. This is the greatest. I swear for the good lord above, don't you know he sat at that bar and fucking sucked them oranges down to the pin on a hot Saturday night.


Now if you did not think that story was entertaining, I apologize. And your imagination is bad. Oh man. A glass of oranges. That's not, I do that. You seen me do that before? I've never seen you say, yo, let me get a glass. So know orange they chop up oranges to put on. We know the garnish. Yeah, the garnish is on the, so I don't drink. So my thing is when I go in there I'll be like, yo, let me get some, they'll chop up oranges for me and give 'em to me. Just so happens that the bartender's nat, the homie that everybody knows shout to Nat. So I'm like, Nat, let me get some oranges. She like here boy. Like, and it was full usually don't be full. She gave me like that shit probably was like four big ass oranges. Full of oranges. So I'm not drinking liquor. So as the night progresses, I'm sucking down the oranges, eating oranges.


It's a little odd but It is very odd. I'm not disagreeing. Like they'll gimme lemons or they'll gimme odd eat them shit. Lemons, lemons salad in the club and shit. And It is my man. So I don't even say the funniest part. I live, I can see so, but this nigga of course is the best storyteller in the world. Most of his story was good outside of the embellishment. But It is, It is cool. I don't want no problems bro. Why you go to the club with the biker? Why you ain't get like a, a crutch or a cane or something? You can't use no crutches in no club. I just think I, I was surprised if with all that shit spill, if a nigga spill a drink or some shit and you want to crutches, that's your ass. Oh I got you. You know what I'm saying? So all I did was like, yo, y'all got a seat for me? I rolled to the seat, they took my bike, put it in the back.


Oh they took your bike for you. That's why I knew you could take have a bike. You valet the car and valet the bike? Yeah. Yo, I ain't gonna lie. You gotta, I'm coming in with you one day nigga. Like 45 minutes into Ish being there. Yeah, my phone vibrates and I get a text. I see Ish name and ignore it Ish texted you from within the club in the spot. It three sees down. It's not the biggest of clubs either. It is me, It is my girl, It is Rachel. And then that's Ish right next to her. I was trying to get my man's attention. I don't no you come in in three minutes Ish name pop up in my text. I it purposely ignore it. I already know what it says.


And now It is not the time for this. Leave me alone. I know what It is. Leave me alone. Exactly. Why? Hard to figure out why you texting me. That's something hard to figure out. My girl know what you So now everybody know what he's texting me. Exactly. It's actually worse. And he the only nigga that don't know that. So of course when I ignore the text, what does he do come over That's he tapped my girl. Hey, that's not what happened. His phone tell him to check his phone, check his phone. He lying. That's not what happened. Tell him look at his phone. Yo. Hey that's, you know that shitty dude first.


Now you forced me to look at my fault. I ain't gonna tell y'all what to say. Y know what It is. I know what It is. Y'all know she got a fat as I know It is crazy though. My man, boy he killed so I knew I was gonna make the put anyway. What? So y'all down the club? Love who? Them just, just people they showed you love. Okay, Thank you. Look at it. I I know that scooter trick man. That's what I did the scooter trick. Don't play with my boy. Don't do that. I gonna let him do that. I don't play with my boy. I you, you on the scooter wouldn't have had the same effect. Don't play with my boy. He ain't had a scooter before though. That's all he can talk about it.


I told him. Nevermind, go ahead. Yo. It was Happy Birthday to rock on. Happy Birthday Rock. Yeah, you better nevermind. What you talking Happy Birthday to E bro. Nobody. Listen. Today's also my grandmother's birthday. Happy Birthday grandma. Happy Birthday grandma. What time have you left? It never rains inside. Oh, shut down. Probably like 40 minutes after you. 30, 40 minutes after you, something like that. Somewhere around You hit another spot. Alright. That's the top of my favorite part of the show. Man. Man, somehow, somehow they gonna fuck us up with these long into really me. They gonna say I got poor leadership and all that shit. No, that was great. Nah. Like that shit. That show was funny. Yeah.


Alright y'all. They love me again. All right. Top of my favorite part of the show, PrizePicks. All right. PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really simple and easy to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 1000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with PrizePicks. All right, let's see. What are we going with here? We are going with Give me gimme Josh Hart for more than eight and a half boards. Gimme Kawhi Leonard for more than 26 points. Tatum is out, so gimme Jalen Brown or white Kobe, Peyton Pritchard. Gimme Jalen Brown for more than 25 points and let's go Kevin Durant for I'm going less than less than four. Three pointers. Kevin Durant for less than four three pointers. That's what I'm doing. It's true. Alright. If you download the app today and use promo code JBP, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. One more game for the people in the back. If you download the app today and use promo code JJBP, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run


your game. That's right. Alright. Yeah, don't call for my, We on my prize. Fix my prize. Why not My prize Fix. Breathe. Why say save that cough a little later. Yeah. Yeah. Cough an hour three. Anything else? My prize fix. We needed to sound like the best mix. Got you. EQ differently. We got, we got the Pride pepper idiot. All right. What we got? What we got. What's important man? What's important? What's unimportant? You? You. I point you I born champ. There you go. That champ. Go champ. Good. See you. I'm not champ. They be saying Champ and Kylie too. Og I'm not Champ. I'm not og. What you just Joe? Nope, just Joseph. Okay. Joseph.


Joseph. Joseph. Boy at 45. I'm back to Joseph. I Hey look, I ain't, listen what y'all want me to do? I didn. Look at my man. I'm gonna knock him out one day yo. I'm telling y'all at 45. Yeah man I gotta do it. That shit sound whack Joseph. Yes. Introducing yourself. It is Joseph. Nah man. Joseph. Hey, how's it going Joseph? It don't sound whack. You get, I don't think that's wack. Maybe wanting to do It is whack. I don't think it sound wack. Nobody. I don't know a nigga named Joseph that they called Joseph. See one and only even, even nigga, even niggas older than you Duke from the Bible. Yeah, that's what I say. It is pretty, he was pretty famous.


They wrote his name in there back in Bethlehem. They were like Joe what up my nigga J do they was calling. I can't believe. Fuck you talking about. Shout I ain't get into it. Oh boy. Which, which testament y'all talking about? You and Corey's the new one or the Don't put me down with Corey. The Old Testament. You know I ain't down with Corey. Joseph is in the new, I'm one of the more spiritual, the spiritual people, you know I don't put me down with. Yeah of course. Jesus. New Testament Jesus nigga. I don listen, I forgot. Trying to force me look at this Heath. Alright, what else we got? What else? What else we got George Foreman y'all. Let's talk about just for a second. We should at least acknowledge the passing of George Foreman. Absolutely. Absolutely. That was a heavy loss for the boxing community and for a lot of other people.


Man. He, he was a legend, like a real life legend. You know oldest heavyweight champion of all time got the title at 46. A lot of people don't even know him as a boxer. There's a generation of people that know him as the oven man. The grills foreman, grill grills. Yeah. Yeah. Even though he ain't owned the company at the end. Don't need that. Yeah he sold that joint 99 but for hundred 38 million. I mean yeah about to a hundred million. He, he did just fine take these grills yo. For real. But George Foreman to me is, is such an interesting dude just because of his journey grew up Fifth Ward, Houston came up, you know his real dad wasn't involved in his life. Struggled. That nigga Grill ain't have a power button. The first one. He ain't had no power.


Nah, I ain't had the first one. I had some I shit there wasn't no power button. No you just had to plug it in. Plug it in. Hey plug it in. That grill's trash. No, no, no. You compared to the last model. Oh no for the first, the first one wasn't trash single. Might be with Mark. We might need to wake it up. It was a smash. But in hindsight it's one of the worst grills I ever made. Yeah dog. He pioneered that shit real. That's like saying Henry, Henry Ford had a fucked up Ford. Real. Yeah it did. Nigga for a single man. When that foreman girl came out, that shit hit like crack. He like leave girl. Bye. See I feel y'all fell for the marketing. Y'all fell for the marketing. No nigga I was hungry. Foreman was not. The rest Peaces to George Recipe. Chicken innovator in terms of grills.


He had a portable grill that cost indoor $19 that you could use in your house and make chicken breakfast. It shoulda cost $19. There was no levels to it, there was no buttons on it. Right. All you could do was plug it in outside would get hot inside. It get hot. You couldn't touch it. Nah. Outside wasn't hot shit. Uhuh, nah. You had the fuck no, no. The one I got was major. I didn't get the first one. I skipped a fusion generation. Which one had the shit the inside? I mean the outside had the little shit you open, you can put the burger buns in there. That was like stage, that was 3.0 high school. I'm talking about the early shits. Nigga you single the white shit salt, pepper, chicken, breast, eh, it was cooking from the top and the bottom generally at the same time.


Grease rolled off of that had the grease cup, cheese grease cup. That's all you got was a grease cup. That's all I needed. I was to eat it cost $19. What the fuck you want? You start commercial man. Yeah, lemme find out. He used to hustle them shit. Yeah he found, he found the foreman Grill truck yo. For 1899. Yeah, no Ish. Well anyway, my bad. I'm Mark Grill issues aside. He also, in addition to making the shitty grill, he was the, he won a Olympic gold medal in box in the 18. He did, he did two time heavyweight champion was known of course with Muhammad Ali in the Ro Rumble in the jungle. I think that was 74. He was a legendary boxer, considered one of the heaviest hitters of all time. And that didn't go away even when he came back the last time to box.


But the thing that matters to me about George Foreman, It is like a reminder of what life can be like. You can literally go from the villain to the hero. And in the 1960s he was a monster. He was like considered like evil, especially against Muhammad Ali and others. He was the person that nobody wanted to promote. Nobody liked. They said the fans wouldn't like him. He couldn't sell a product because they said he just didn't have the right personality for it. By the time he died, he might be, other than Muhammad Ali, the friendliest, happiest, most loved boxer in American history. He went from the villain to the hero. He went from a orphan to a boxer, to a champion, to a minister you can do and be anything in the world. If you, if Tom will wait it out, if you do the work, you can be anything you want. And so for me that's, that's the foreman legacy.


Dope. That's dope in peace. George Floyd, rest in peace. Yeah. Rest in peace. Rest in peace George Nigga. Hey on the next rest in peace. We got it. I thought you did a great job. I thought you did an amazing, see I thought you did amazing job. See the trend developing here. Hey, hey the next nigga that get clipped, yo. And that's, unless it's one of the little rapping niggas, the next nigga we care, the next nigga we care about that gets clipped. No watch. That should be just my luck. CY 2K died. God damnit. Yo yo Joe. Damn we love Y2K was No, because a rapper did just get clipped.


So just, let's just keep it going. A rapper did just get clipped. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So comes off like, yeah, yo, that's what I'm like, let's just keep going and sauce walk. That's my man. Shout to sauce. Shout sauce, sauce. Shout the sauce. And we're glad that he's good. Rest in peace. Say so. P say so p real rap. Did y'all know that news outlets actually keep obituaries and stories for certain people? What do you mean, Keith? We have 'em on deck. We have 'em on deck for people we think gonna die. No, I do not. So like for example, we used to have like the around starting in like 2010, we had Harry Belafonte, we had Jesse Jackson, we had Minister Farrakhan, we had, you know, anybody that was over a certain age.


We also had Lil Wayne, we also had who else? So yeah, so that they don't have to do the research and all that they already got. So they ready. As soon as it happen, we ready to go. All exactly. That's why the obits come out so fast. And they'd be so interesting. Gotcha. So like when somebody like Kobe rest in peace passed away, we didn't have anything because you couldn't foresee that. But for the older people, we definitely had them locked in. It makes sense, right? Well Harry Belafonte locked. We had interviews locked up, all that stuff. But then there were some young rappers because I thought about it. 'cause you said rappers. There were rappers who we thought were living on the edge that we cared about and loved. And we got worried when Wayne was having some of the, of the health issues, the and stuff, anesthesia and stuff. We made one for him. And so this generation just know that there are people in place that are looking at some of these artists out there. Like we don't know how long they gonna have to make it. If they're on drugs, if they dealing with gang violence, all these kinds of things.


News outlets are are waiting. They literally are waiting. That's crazy. I mean, it, it ties into the labels having insurance on these niggas. IIII look at it differently. I think It is they have a job in this business. True. So part of business is being prepared. Part part of part of that. If we know it's probability, all, all right, this person's living a certain way, they might go, let's just have our shit ready. They just wanna see. I I look at it as they wanna be the the first to put it out. Hold on, hold on. Glad it became cool before I like learned his views. Yo damn. If, if, if, if if I'm a news outlet and I got a report on death, the older people Yeah. Not no young thank the lord that we was just a Jersey girls Jim.


Yo, that nigga would've said, yo know It is bit business. We just gotta have it ready. It's like you fucking maring. No nigga, I'm sitting there. I can't see bitches with you. What the hell freeze fa I'm not saying why he was in his, in his thirties. Okay. But if he's in his thirties and having seizures back to back then you got health square, then you got a room somewhere. They're not saying we hope it happened, but they said no. Look, that is what that says. No that's not. It's saying damn yo It is. Look, it might be looking shaky for dudes. So you know what, let's get that ready in case something happens, we have oxygen to go crazy. I think that that is, It is looking shaky for dude nuts. Yo, that's what like against somebody that's 82. I understand that. If that's not your job to do and there are jobs where you have to do that, like life insurance and some of the other jobs where that it calls for that news is not one of them.


Like, let's not get crazy with what the news people should and should be doing. But again, if you, if you lived a long life, right, you had a 30, 40 year career of compile accomplishments and accolades, it might take a minute for us to get together some shit. So what you saying is God forbid you find somebody that can speak from the heart, right? That part too. But if you a young 30 something year old, you throwing a juju in the, in the you putting the energy out there. Yeah. That's nasty. Finding find somebody speak from the heart. Everybody trying to reach that same person. Everybody trying to pull that person. We trying to just have, be prepared. That's what a company trying to do. I think that's a step past prepared. That's crazy. That's past preparation. Yeah. I think that's ugly. And just to be clear, it's not just B-E-T-B-E-T just had, I don't think that's ugly people who we cared about in a different way.


So like A, B, C would have the same thing. You wouldn't be okay with that. That you, you would not be okay with that if you were a person preemptively. If your job just looking at you come to work every morning was like, you know what? All right, so if I start he living north, it might happen if, if I'm living a certain way, you wanna ask my honest opinion if I'm living a certain way and it's your job to report on that. Right? Like let's say when somebody pa the way he just did recipes the way he did George Foreman. Foreman. Yeah. Let's say he had a whole obituary to read off and he had all this shit ready to go. Right. And if it's, if that's what we do up here on this broadcast and I'm living a certain way, I could See that yo, this nigga's whiling like he's sick. He's doing yo how you would've came type this shit up.


No Joe would've said behind the scenes, yo how much longer do you think such and such got like It is looking bad out here behind the scenes. That's the same thing they doing. Our job is to report on that now. So hey it, we got s we see certain people move a certain way where it look like damn this might not end well for them prepare. So it's like a bus. It's like printing up Super Bowl champion sweatshirts before the game so you could really be ready to go. Mm. Okay. Crazy. Hey Mahomes, hey we listen, we listen and we don't judge. We listen and we don't judge. Africa's filled with Kansas City chief Shit right there. Yeah. And had they won the other side would be over there and it didn't happen though.


I don know nothing about that. Yeah. Ship all that Mahomes shit over there. Right? Exactly. Oh man. Yep. What happened? What happened? Flip. Come on, don't cut. You got another seven hours of work. You gotta look at your phone. Don't cut me off again nigga. We got at least another seven hours. Stop. Cut me off Mick Cavo. Nah, I couldn't believe free said that but you got a come on a leader. I couldn't believe he said that leader. I had to say tell him just say hold on, flip. If we didn't meet under fucking under the full moon with ass shaking, give me the Yeah, he, he got some crazy takes. But we how men become friends.


I don't have boss men becoming friends. Men can't come free at a certain age. I just think differently than y'all you said and that shit. I'm saying it's hard but I think some of the shit that y'all think is crazy. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's that's, that's not crazy then. No, but that's a difference. Your opinion is to think that something that somebody says is crazy. I think he's Mandarin everybody. No I don't think he's Mandarin. I'm just kidding. Everybody don't see eye to eye freeze any liar right now. And I think wait, wait. I think the shit that you do when you stand in it, I think that's fire. I think that society makes it bad. I think you should stand in what you say, feel how you feel and be free to express it. I do too. I think niggas who judge you based on that, I don't like that. Fuck that. I'm with you. Sometimes it sound crazy to me but stand there. I'm with you nigga. Freedom of expression. I'm with nigga.


Sorry, but you said I'm lying. Why? Okay stop. I see where y'all going. I think it's too like living shit like big freeze Nook. Yo go nigga the name is he. Fuck that shit name is freeze. What happened? What was I saying? I don't remember what I was saying. I don't remember What else about Just freeze. Freeze. What else? Important. What else? Important. Not important. What we got? What we got? What we got. Oh, that's what I was saying. Cap on freeze.


I was saying what Mark got about him that you think is weird. I got plenty. Yeah, but he ain't got nothing on the top of his head. That's top of what just got about him that you think is weird. It's certain shit certain I'm weird. So I That's a trick. He saying that to me. He's supposed two nigga. He didn't say that. No, no, no, no. It's certain. Alright then I take back spaces and thoughts that y'all have that I disagree with. No, I got a bunch of those. That's all. I got a bunch of those. I don't agree with a lot of that shit we disagree with about Parks. Tell him tell his ass let's set him straight real quick. There's nothing to say straight real. Nah. Because he be on some producing set straight. Nah, he be on this fucking Parks. Let's get him. This is what It is man. Fuck.


All, all, all right, let's, let's get into it. Does anybody have a hot passionate take about Jayden Daniel's moms? I do. Well I don know if it It is hot take. Come on, let, let's come on. Let's tell the truth. Wait, what happened? How passionate It is? These fucking black parents. What happened? She sat in the middle of him and she, she won't let nobody get close to to Jayn Daniels. Him and Juju already out saying that, right? She's, she's got interviews talking about how she's not letting any of these young jezebels and hoot nannies and harlots come fuck shit up for a kid. Honorable and respectable. We've seen horrible fucking stories about that. So we get that Greg mom doing her, doing her due diligence.


Then you fast forward to the game and you had the game the other day. We see Jayden McDaniels, Jay Daniels, Jayden, Daniel McDaniels and Jay mc, Jayden Daniels and Juju sitting next to each other showing all the teeth. They look happy and people were saying, oh they look happy on Twitter. Oh they looks like you together. Fast forward a couple seconds later, there's two people that we've never seen look happy. That too. It's that part. We've never seen either one of them happy. Jayden Daniels was making a playoff run and didn't smile. That smiles very barely Juju eyes been closed for two years. She was alert. She just smiled. They was was mingling. Come on. They was a thing. They were very clearly into each other.


Yeah, they looked happy. She was flirting and all that or looked like a flirty body language. Yeah, body language. They looked like happy young people. And then the next thing you know mama was in between them in the middle of a, in the middle and Juju face looked, she looked more unhappy there than when she, than she tore her ACL And in the stands my nigga gotta a little space for the Lord. But and the mom was extra, she didn't just sit in between them. No, she was pointing at the camera. She was extra. She was telling him watch the game. She was telling him no focus this way. Right. She was yelling at him, not yelling at him but she was just telling him like this like kind watch this of it was very clear that she was making a point. Yeah. Saying I could see y'all too on the tv on the screen. There's too much going on. No, no we're not doing that. Break it up. We not doing any of it. And this, this is all I'm gonna say and y'all might agree, y'all might disagree.


I don't know. I think it's okay to protect your children from the outside world. Especially when they are stars and they're vultures going after them. But some moms that I see act like those sons are their husbands. Yes. They act like they're their dudes and they treat them like, like, like they go with them and it's almost like they can't let them go out into the world. And I think that that shit is also unhealthy and it has to be some kind of balance between protecting your kid and and not acting like, you know. And I, I know how it happens. He's the man of the house. You know I don't have a husband around, I don have a dere. I don't know their story. I'm just saying that's often how it happens. But it gets to a point where it's unhealthy and it's weird And that's what that shit looked like to me on that, on that screen. I will say from most of the interviews I've seen with Jayden Daniels, he seems to be very religious and seems like he was probably raised in that type of situation.


So this is not particularly shocking Them be the ones that like pussy. Yeah, for sure. No, he didn't look too happy though after neither he wasn't happy. No embarrass say find your voice with me. Them his mother couldn't stop nothing in college. That nigga was a all pro big time quarterback. I don't give a fuck what religious background he had in college. He was doing missionary work. Tons. Tons of missionary work for the multitudes. Fuck could you talk about nigga five loaves. That's what he was doing. I didn know. I still think it's different you doing it, you having that relationship with your mom and you behave in a certain way when she's not around.


True. Versus how you act when she's around. I think that, I think that We're speculative. We don't know. We joking. But I think that when you try to be, again to Mark's point, overprotective, I just think it backfires. I It is think, I think that what happens is when you try to protect your kids too much in the real world. What's the word I read that made it nasty? It is one of new terms they came up with. I've never heard of incestual in incest parenting. It's, that's getting weird. But It is a term. Joe Biden didn't make it up. I don't think this is that. But Ancest means that they but that's what I've never heard that I've heard it. But like It is kind of what you said how some parents, well Mark was saying it's exactly what Mark described. That's the definition when I look it up.


That's the definition. The girls go to college that was sheltered. They come home first semester pregnant, the football team got to and told her how she pretty she was and you sheltered her her whole fucking life and didn't let nobody tell her how pretty she was and didn't let her go on no dates. And guess what? The linebacker backed her line out. That's what happens. Saying was her dad in her life? I don't know but he might have been Overprotected wasn't a girl dad around. He might not. That's not true girl. That's not true. That's not true. I could tell you about a couple of pastor's daughters that don't happen. If you got a good life who super over protect life protective. He being sarcastic. Yo, I being sarcastic too. I know but even even or heartbreak my nigga. You, you niggas go get they heart broken and they feel like they were about to end 'cause they mother or they father shelter sheltering motherfucker.


That sheltering shit bad shelter is rough. Yeah. Like like you said gotta be a balance and she ain't gonna be with that nigga in dc DC different. I believe in overprotecting your children but not not not in bad. She might I don might be. Yeah we don't know. Yeah. Them niggas be having a weird parent relationship. Like they might live together in DC the right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But the problem is you also, at what point do you put it into that she not in Keisha guess room, when he find the right woman, the right woman's gonna shut that shit down. And what's gonna happen is unfortunately the mother gonna be beefing with the wife or the mom gonna get shut outta his life. Yeah. He gonna pick and he, he probably ain't picking his mom that cock block white. Do you think? Do you think there'll be a woman that's good enough mom and no because a lot of times in those cases it, It is never she'd be like me and and not in a sexual way in this weird like I'm taking up all this space.


I don't want another woman in this space and no woman will ever be good enough. I've seen this happen a million times. Yeah, but you saying it happened a million times to Keisha and Tammy in the hood and you doing that to who we all see in the woman's final four or saw before the injury. Yo that was the point. That was funny. That was the point That was funny to me. Maybe his mother didn't know who Juju was and was just looking at her like this little potential that's possible. Yes nigga Juju doing a couple. You don't do no intro when mom come in and throw bonus, she doing a couple million dollars a year probably by herself. Right now she's getting 5, 5, 4 or $5 million in NIL money. Yeah. Five by herself. Dog Juju is Juju. Mom You right. I I think mom, mom maybe know, know that.


Maybe, maybe not. Or you say Mom, Mrs. Juju the greatest woman's college player in the country. I wouldn't give a fuck actually once I get a certain level of famous and certain cameras is on me, may it ain't your place to behave this way publicly. I'm not telling you not to feel this way but all that extra shit you did for the camera, now I'm looking stupid like I'm 15 in the, we're not doing that. You don't know no better 'cause she been doing it your whole life. So to a lot of them that that that's the norm. And if she was a single mom, if my bad Go ahead. Yeah. If she was a single mom, you seen your mother sacrifice the world for you to get to where you are. So a lot of people might feel indebted or feel like they owe they mother certain shit. You get what I'm saying? Like yo dog, we never know. Well we, a lot of us come from single parent households.


There's sacrifices that our mothers have made for us to even survive out in this bitch. So now you feeling like you owe your mom something or you indebted to, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I'm gonna let her rock out and have this level of control. That's a fact. All of us didn't come up as single parent household. I know. I didn't say we are. I'll fly with my uncles now. What nigga watch your fucking I was fly with macho. I was fly with my uncle until my father died. Oh you was cool. Wait for real? Yeah. You talking about real uncles or they told us was uncle crazy? That's my man. Not my man like that. But we was cool. We never got that part of the story. The nigga wanted Spanky, my father died.


He wanted some money. I said I'm not giving you no money. And that's when the beef started. But you could've given you some beef. That beef just started. Yeah, It is gonna make a fucking Oh come on. Fuck you made it seem like y'all. That's not what I said. That's, that's how it came off. Okay. So this a, this is like since the pandemic almost? Yes. Yeah. Oh nigga, that's what we saying. Nah, but then he started doing bullshit on the internet because you was doing stuff. But if y'all was fly then, then if we was fly you wouldn't did the sucker shit you did on the internet probably fly. You would looked say no. Yeah you would've looked out for him. I don't know about that. But you can. You gotta get past that. No you could give some money sometimes. Not giving no more. Gimme some money then nigga. I can. Alright. Thank you. Yeah.


If you go through something I'll give you some money. You ain't going through nothing. Gimme some money but but he was going do something. He lost his brother. I lost my father. That's why y'all should come together around there. Fuck that nigga yo way, yo. I can't nobody doing all this bro. We gotta broadcast too. I'll hug You right now. I don't want your hugs but I will nigga don't you ever going through something alone. Yeah, I'm good though. I'm not going through. You don't. I'm not going through nothing. Don't Yo, we got your back. You know that right bro. We got your back though. Everything ain't the time for jokes. Yo. We got you fine as friends. Hold on for a minute. This is our real friend. We didn't just meet on podcast counters yo nigga. That's our real brother. Not that shit. You be nigga fuck you. You don't have to laugh your way through this Joe. Ain't nobody listening to you.


Treat him like a real brother. When I snap my fingers you'll forget you were ever in pain. God. I saw that yo. Shit. Shit. Shit. I saw shit. Shit goofy. You wait, wait I'm not, I was never, you ain't never seen the shit. No you Don. He don't got TV or internet. Damn. Just working. Yo Joe. He stupid. He just at store. He dunno sh take shit off as hell. Oh shit my bad. I got headphones on. I can't hear it. My bad part. Me. It's all good brother. It's so good.


You know. Who was we talking about just now? Juju. Juju. My mom. Hey yo listen man there's a lot of overprotective moms out there. Tell me about when y'all knuck. If you bucked to your mom Joe, when she took it too far. Tell me about the day you let moms know. Hey, hey, hey, hey lady. I think I flipped her off and then she almost fucking broke my hand. Almost died. Your mother off? Yeah. I was tight. That's white. I was white. Shit that's white shit. Black household. You're not doing that. Well I can't even imagine that. You wouldn't even have got no finger back. Fuck. I almost didn't off. I almost didn't. What? Yeah. Did she deserve it? You gave it two hands on one What? I retrospect like do you feel like she did something so bad? I don't even remember what it was. It was some dumb shit. I didn I was then she did was 12 or some shit. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. She ain't deserve.


Nah She ain. The rest of y'all rest of y'all. Rest of y'all. I was probably 40 so I was probably 40. Really? Yeah. When you borrowed mom up? Yeah I was 40 something. Oh nah. One time I was about 12. Yeah you got dude it in your teens mot stick broke across. I was like oh shit I'm dumb. What got it. Yo niggas didn't play that. Even yo dog we was raised. Even if they on some bullshit. So you gotta eat it so you can't tell 'em they on bullshit. The time in my teenage years. Nah, I don't feel like that. Okay. You different bro. Yeah, you, you are different. Me and my mom went and I watched my older brother get certain shit off. Nah, don't try to fix it now. Nah, we we Hey you had to deal with him.


You gonna deal with me now The way they get a load of me. I know you, you probably was 10 times worse than doing. It was very different. It was very different because I don't know what dude today and dude back then might be different people. Dude was just violent and was into weapons and stealing cars. Alright. But you could still come home and be a model citizen. Niggas could do all that shit in the street and come home and be like, I wasn't violent or a car thief. I wasn't any of that pyro. It was a house thief. I was a pyro and a house thief and I had a problem with authority.


See wherever I went. Where did drugs start? 13, 14. Oh yeah. So 13. Oh yeah. Drugs. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Do wasn't with the drugs? Stealing. Oh yeah. Stealing what? We definitely stealing. Tried to mistake and certain lines. I just, I just, you know how like the kids today got their own opinion and you can't just parent 'em 'cause they're gonna say hey that's not right because such and such and such and all that shit we could do back in the day. Was that eighties third lines back? Yeah. Or the nineties. At least nineties. So all that to live under this roof, you gotta follow my rules. Okay then I'm out. I'm not living here. Like there was a point in time where it was just like, nah, that's not making sense to me.


Not making sense. And you questioned it. And at what age? What age you pull that one he was like, all right, I won't live here then and left. Mm. 16, 17. 17, 18. Got it. That's when he got stabbed up and anywhere around. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That that comes with a different Oh some recourse. Comes with some other problems. Got it. That's why I try to parent. I parent my oldest Don't be me nigga. Stay over there with moms clothes in New Jersey. Niggas second. You go outside. You gonna do what all of us did. Find an older girl to go live with. Yeah. She gonna do what all of us did. We gonna find an older girl with a car and a job to go live with and you gonna be living a life.


You're gonna come in her some heat. You're gonna come in and you're gonna come in. I know. You don't think you're gonna come in her. You are. You're gonna come in her. That's true. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That is true. Defining moment of life. That's it. The choices you make. Why is that The story. That's horrible. That's always the story most, see I don't wanna say most, a lot of us, the first time we move out to our parents' crib, it's the shortest crib. Yeah. Yeah. You god damn right. Yeah. Like yo, I, I was, I was talking to somebody the other day like, yo men bring women into their world. Women don't bring men into their world. That's it. That's you. Who the fuck you talking about? That's a lie. I don know what you talking about sweetie.


That's not true. That's my story. That's my story For sure. Niggas move out and move with. I ain't do that. I didn. Didn didn't either. I didn't do that. But see y'all ain none of us do that shit. But that's the norm. I do for a lot of people. That happened. But we was, I didn not we 'cause I wasn't that either. I was, well I mean I was getting a little coupled out. Yeah. I was outside IGAs going up. Most niggas could have afforded an apartment. I stayed with my mom for a long time nigga. I lived in a basement and shit like that shit had the whole apartment down there. Like your whole cri. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. But I gave a lot of trouble as a team as well. You was walking on that scene, that floor down don't like shit. Nah. No. I wasn't paying rent. And I think, I think that that was the problem though. Because when I lived with my dad in Brooklyn in the apartment, I was doing good in school and when my mom saw me doing good, she brought me back to the crib, gave me a car and gave me the whole basement living room, bedroom.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And I just went crazy. Oh. My father always had a conversation, apartment and a car. Crazy. What age? Peace. 14. Running around what? Outta here and then webbing them around. Like it my, my world just changed drastically. I remember I started doing good in Van Buren. Not Van Buren. Murray Bertram. Mm. My father is a school by the bridge. I know you been to 70 of them. I know. Yeah. I, I was. I was doing good. My mother took me. That's, I'm hating shit though. And she don't like that. She gonna get mad and curse me up. But that's my father would be Right. I agree. Like you saw her. I was doing bad. You sent me over there. I was doing good and you took me back. Mm. And her reason to my dad is like, no you told me to take him back 'cause he was joining the S My father said, nigga have a big argument.


I would never tell you that. I like the argument that shit fly. But I gave her a lot of trouble. So I feel bad even talking about it too much. Then at 16 you ain't know nobody, no other woman could cook. But your mom's like, my mom ain't still out in the world. Boy, that good little piece of pussy you bumped into starts screaming to you from the other room. Hey, you want something? You want So song like what pancake? Yeah. Wait, I do want that. Yeah. I'm like Las on you. How you the OGs yo. Yeah. She wanted to come in there and then play with your body. The wait yo no young man that's gonna stand a chance. You're done. They the devils, you're done. They the devils, the 20 somethings he went through. It is dumb. It ain't us. The 20 somethings to the seventeens fucking devils.


They mean us. No good girl dad. That's the plight of fucking boy dad. Protect your kids from these fucking girl dad monsters they created. Fucking crazy nigga Jesus. Anyway, what else is important? Unimportant. What else is going on? Don't make me go on my phone. 'cause y'all know what my notes look like. I've read 'em to y'all. Y'all know what my notes look like if y'all get slow on the board, I'm gonna have to go on my phone since we was on the sports tip. Did was y'all, did y'all see this since we talking about the sports tip? Did y'all see this video with this coach? He came outta retirement to coach girls basketball, women's basketball, whatever. White power. White power. And he was disciplined these his players and he just yanked her ponytail.


Hey man, he just yanked her ponytail like these old, I saw the video, the old school coach crazy. He yank, he yanked the white girl's ponytail and the, and the black girl like she defended her. The black girl defended her. Don't you do that sir? Yeah, she stepped up. Yeah, I respect reach out to her always the blacks. It's it's, it's what? It's always the black coming to help. Oh, clear it up white man. You gotta stop saying clear. Your white counterparts roughed up another white counterpart of yours. You can't say the blacks. Blacks are the most sympathetic and where we are, we forgive every helpful motherfuckers and forgive. We planet easiest to forgive easily. Not even close. If we fuck with you, if we fuck with not even close, come on, come on.


We don't even fuck ain't fuck with you. We the most, we the most fuck with you bro. We ain't gotta fuck with you. We, we don't have to fuck with you. I've seen niggas take coats off their back and put and giving them motherfuckers on. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm talking about like stepping on them violent situations. I mind my own business. Oh I've seen niggas help other motherfuckers in the street too. Yes. Fuck yeah. It ain't done. Y'all about to be real serious for a second. I was talking about shorty them old school coaches bro. I remember Coach Johnson smacked the shit out of me one day in the game. In the game. What sport was this? Basketball. Shut up mark. Nah, I didn't know in the football track all shit. Nah nigga old school coaches coach like yeah they coach Bobby Knight throwing chairs, doing all that bullshit like that's where they come from today. That shit is out the door.


I think it was absolutely wrong what that coach did to that girl a thousand percent and it was on video so we all got to see it. Totally inappropriate disrespectful. If I was that young lady's parents, boy I would come right up there and I don't think the sport has any place for that. That's a fact. Period. Comma comma cola. Yeah man. Now also, and I shouldn't be judged by this but I would like to see the previous play. That's all. That's it. A little bit of context. I just want to see the same play. Did she get back on defense? The little mike in the huddle, You know what I mean? That him pulling her hair, she did something crazy on the play and that was wrong.


She did some bullshit. He should not have done that. Them old coaches don give a fuck. But I would like did least see the play. I would've came out the stairs on that nigga. What? What? What did you do when you got smacked by Mr. Johnson? Nothing nigga. I was in eighth grade. They apologized. Did he? I mean no that nigga ain't apologized. Police apologized. Right. I'm sorry go squat. That shit was normal. Your lip was quivering. That's how, that's how we Yeah that's your lip was your, your lip was quivering. We need coaches like my man coach Rio man, like you know coaches like that. They some serious old school coaches man. The old school coaches ain't give a fuck what you was talking about. Nigga at all quit. They put hands on you all the time bitch. But sometimes the par, a lot of parents allowed it though. Some yeah, yeah they did.


They understood. And it's just a coach don't worry about it. Tell me y'all friend name that y'all lost the slap box too. The friendly slap box like caught you too good. A lot of niggas. What y'all man's names nigga? Couple of them happened. Well y'all thought it was sweet playing around these niggas in my hood hands was like magic. What? Like daddy nigga eight hands bitch hon on your head he ball what slap you out. Slapboxing was a rite of passage in our hood. Nigga crazy. That's my only question. Who smacked shit out? You Adam as a kid growing up? Not what deal might have Di hands was like stiff. Hey yo di hands was might be the hardest hands I ever shook in my life.


Yo still shook your hands. It should be blinking for man. Wink like damn man I got smacked one time in my life. Smack boxing or smack. I'm talking about smack me. Oh and I would've ended them. I don't think I ever got smack but they was the killer. I don't think I got know I got punched. I ain't get smacked. I got smack in the back. He was giving trouble nigga let's go ahead and take the smack. Well you didn't wanna do your fucking well you didn't want to go in the studio. Yeah you don't want rap me. He nigga too. He said Joe said I'm not yo Saturday. He said let me just make this statement loud. I ain't gonna tell street niggas that. That's what I was mad as hell though. One nigga playing. Hell nigga play my fucking record yo play my song. He in there playing every very yo, you know I ain't gonna lie.


Hold up for a second. I saw and we gonna get back to this. It is funny. You funny yo by the white wall nigga. I felt I I was out Saturday night. I ain't gonna lie. It does feel good to have a song of yours that might just come on. You're a whole different person. Who is this Joe Bud. That feels good. Yo Joe. He's growing. I ain't gonna hold you that because he pulled up in the nice dude mean how many eyes was on y'all? It does feel good. Nah, I don't think jewelry. If if I show up with this, with this all no jewelry, no jewelry claim my fucking fire. No jewelry. No jewelry. It's over for that jewelry. It is over. You gotta watch one. You gave it back. I don count. No, no I saying that's not how I wanna come off. Not I wanna present myself. Nah but then they them don got problems with me over there.


I ain't scared. Yes you was. You were scared nigga. You scared Mr. You were scared nigga. Hey nigga, you were scared. Hey wait a second now in New Jersey? Yes. Y'all's the one hold up now. Ain't that shit ring golf too? That shit ring. No that shit whether he there or not. He but the funny part was you were scared in New Jersey. In New Jersey No play with Oh man. Wait what? I was scared. Wait what you take?


What you say that me? Look how you talking to me Yo. It is a fight for part of the look at these niggas. So It is a fight. Neck, neck and neck. Neck and neck. Right. You ice not in it? Nah that was you. I'm alright. Alright. You right this nigga the whole fucking month come back and be a factor. Last shout three times bottom the month. And on top of that we don't, I don't subject to their, to their theories. They both so they both system. Right. I shout out to them. I don't fuck with them nigga. I stand on that to my fuck with them. Let's talk about you getting slapped now mans to the fans. That's it. Salute to the fans. Pick let's get back to you. What you would've did if you was me? Well they tried to and I had a fight. I had a fight with one of them nigga in the street in the snow.


And then when I had a fight they they they him and Marv jumped me on dunk Kirk. Nigga I always fought back documented. But I understand how sometimes it can be me. I get logical still like my brain still works. I agree. Even that that Wu-Tang shit anytime I ain't fight back my brain said there was another route to go and it, it was come on the peaceful run risk assessment. My brain said risk this nigga. Nigga brain said yo punch or eight feet. Yeah you sit here I can go out there and die. Yo. You stupid yo. Yeah I'm Chilling. You go on your ear bleeding you can't hear but one thing, one thing everybody say about you that you were consistent, your behavior is consistent.


If you didn't wanna do something how you talk, you just consistent. I am not doing it. I talk crazy niggas my whole life. Yeah I really should have got hit and beat on a lot more. Shout the issue. Shout the deal. It is What's up. You want to square up with me? Nah, shout the deal. You ain't gonna shout deal out nigga's the man nigga. I'm the man shout me out. Nah deal's the man. Alright I'm pulling my phone out, deal's the deal. I'm all right boy. Alright. Y'all leave me no choice. I gotta do, there's a question on the board. I gotta do it now. You asked how did your worst enemy ever become? Do y'all believe that Kanye West is sending his dick pics to dudes? Yes.


And this comes about because he said whatever you said about Cardi cardia. Iggy azalea's baby daddy. And he jumped in and then she jumped in and then he cursed her out and then she started to expose some things. One of which was nigga watch it. Nah, she didn't say nigga watch your fucking mouth, you would send the dick pics to dudes. We know what type of time you want. And said everybody just kind of kept tweeting and threatening and everybody just kept But I scratch my ass so wait a second. So on paper no but I do see a world in which Kanye would be like I agree with that. Not some arrogant shit. How it would make sense. Thousand percent believe it to him. Yeah exactly. It would make sense to him.


Now Didn didn't say to him like I want him to see my dick but I ain't gonna hold you. That takes your arrogance level to a new world. You little dick. You little dick nigga. Look at what you yo what yo sending the hammer. What Intimidate? Yo. I heard about your little baby meat. Actually girl ask you girl about this. Why got what I put it on play yo. You know you know girls be talking. Yeah. So we know the little niggas that's running around with the teeny meat. You know what I'm saying? Y'all heard about your shit. Niggas stop playing. Yo. That was, that was a lot. Joseph got niggas meat in the down back.


The story. He didn't sound. That's nasty. I never want be in stories that you said Hey that's nasty nigga take me out. Unsubscribe the delete niggas beats out your phone bro. That's nasty. Yo. What I'm saying is girls talk when you cool with the girls, they talk to niggas about it. What niggas talk y'all. Y'all listen. Y'all be entertaining conversations bro. Y'all talking to a motherfucker you don't know they about to hit you with the nigga got little baby meat nigga you supposed to move on from the topic. Right. You still ain't, you still hurting. You still hurting. No y'all you saying dwell on a now you I'll laugh, I'll laugh. He'd be like how small I would never have a car tell me niggas turn to journalists and shit.


Is it this yo. Right. We have to grow up nigga Kanye sending this motherfucker monkey. Hey now I think I kind of believe you when you said that the nigga might have got a BL nigga like get in his car. You said like Kanye ain't wildling yo. I don't come up here to just lie to y'all all the time but I ain't believe you but now I can see what you saying. These niggas outta here got It is getting fucking BBLs. Oh for sure. That ain't got jam came up with this. Ask what is the purpose of getting a BBL? Have you not? They won Harris because It is the next step from you getting your shit lasered man. Nigga It is the, It is the next. No it's not. It is. What's the next upgrade? Wait I'm not trying to be funny.


It is when you go to the doctor and you say what else could I do? You doing that for presentation purposes. I'm gonna start, no you doing that because I'm hairy in the summertime that shit be hot, moist. You know what I mean? No part in It is presentation nigga hot mo Joe, just answer my question. No, I'm in a relationship. Let's go. Fuck you talking about Shit. Shit my girl. See oh that's true. It is the presentation I'm talking about. But my girl wrong nigga specify if a nigga we talk to you ladies, all your people off just for health reasons, not for health. That shit is annoying. B it smell funny. I'm hairy yo. That shit stink. All that shit not having no ass is annoying. Yeah, no uncomfortable want his shit. I'm comfortable in first class.


Fuck nigga wanna get his shit right. Yo nigga want a B, BL is crazy. The only reason that, that's funny to be if you a straight man. I, I'm g that's crazy to me. I'm a gre but we, we listen and we don't judge. People can do what they want with they body. What if, what if, what would you I'm saying I'm, I would never vote You saying if you are a straight man, what if that nigga, his girl likes ass as on a dude cheeks. You asking me? Yeah because you said a straight you said but I'm You said a straight man. Why you with a girl that like ass on dudes? Yeah, I'm cool. You gotta take me as I am. You should have to clap. You gotta take me to the table. I might not be the guy. Clap cheeks literal literally them cheese now literally tell me how y'all feel when girls smack y'all ass during sex or when they have in the past.


It doesn't happen to me during sex. That doesn't happen to me. Oh it's happened to me. Y'all have never gotten your ass smacked during sex. Not smack is my question. They're also grab you and pull you in no smack. You was okay. We on no for you. No for you. No for you. No, no, no for you. We don't toot up like you. I think I got my As before. Tooting shove. That's you too nigga. Fuck You right here babe. Watch your fucking mouth. My no he y'all slap never.


Yeah because the white girl ain't doing smack. That's not true. That's corny. And you known me for 20 years. How many white girls you know I I I fuck with he over in total? Yes. To answer that I'd have to think about how many girls I know you. Four total first go. Okay. Would you like me to think We on? If you want me to, I think we should move on. I'll try to figure it out nigga. That'd be nigga we get the sleeper. I can take this segment to part of the show. We can get outta on this. Probably shouldn't do that. Shout to you. It nigga the figure queen nigga. Yo dog girls are grab your ass. You know what I mean? Like ain't no girl in there like you, you my bitch.


Right. Fuck. Nah I'm good. No that's, that's not my, I'm only question you nigga. That's not my thing. I kid and they'll definitely slap your ass on some play around shit. Yes. Oh yeah. Dumb shit behind yo. That's every day. That's every, that shit is done. Done. Okay listen. I can't read the board flip. I'm telling you nigga when I started you keep cutting me off. Well you don't read it. And that's my problem because stop cutting me off nigga. All right. So I'm done cutting you off. I'm shutting up. Can't read. I wanna have a meeting about that when this shit is over. You consistently do them niggas talk. You look. Oh what I say Dr. Mark, flip top. Do that again Joe. Again. Do and Joe again. We got a doctor here. Hold on. Flip. Stop doing that nigga.


Yo. It's really the seat. Yeah. Stop doing that shit. Oh yeah, I thought about that. I ain't gonna hold you seat. I don like really doing shit because when you were gone Mark was over there being Ish. He was. Yo he yo. That's funny. We got a doctor now we get stupid ass. They shut the fuck out. Flip fuck talking. We got a real doctor now we got somebody who knows how to talk. That's a hilarious show. You asked a question earlier from your phone, how did your worst enemy become? Oh yeah I saw that from a podcast. Yes. So I don't wanna just steal it. I want to give credit. Shout 'em out to way I saw. I think that was, I wanna say the Crash Dummies podcast. Shout to me. But they asked and I saw how did your worst enemy become your worst enemy?


I thought that was a brilliant question. It is. A lot of times I start off as friends and women get in the middle. My worst enemy. Worst worst enemy is a woman. So your worst enemy is a woman? Yeah man. How she became my worst enemy? We broke up. Damn. Nah, I not too Okay. Ish. Your worst enemy is who? Your uncle. You get me? My name ain't Ish. No, your name is what? What's your Muslim name? What's your Muslim name? My worst enemy. The dude tried to stab me. He still with Lamar? Yeah, he still around. Seen him about two years ago in Philly.


Did he try to stab you again? No he, he ain't see me. Ah. Oh you here from that? Sure. That nigga ain't see you. Nah, but I wasn't walking shit. Go go there nigga play there. Y'all what? Free. That's a doctor. Y'all's a doctor. He's You fucking, He's in my living yo. Yeah It is. Martin do seem like he survived from playing dead. He good, good. You could talk. Y'all got the bookstore you can watch about Vince smack. You could talk again. I'm shit. I've never been smacked on my ass on my face. Oh okay.


So Mark's enemy tried to stab him. That's a good one. What you got Ish? Why did he try to stab you or is It, is that too Much? It it don't even matter if you tried to stab me nigga we're not friends. But I feel like the enemy starts before the stab attempt. I would hope We got into a fight. The fight ended however it ended. I think I, nah, I got the best of him. Okay. The next time I saw him he tried to stab. Ah, okay. And then after that it I, because I, to me, after it was over it was over. I saw this nigga like a year and a half later. I wouldn't even think about it. Nigga tried to poke you after a year and a half. That's what I'm saying. It is another reason I tell you look off, off air. But you pop this baby mama. Yeah, I was gonna say it's a chick there somewhere. That's a chick down in there somewhere. Oh. It wasn't this baby. I'm just girl, I had nothing to do with a woman or taxes nigga. You was doing your taxes.


Shit again, it had nothing to do with I I'll tell you off air. It ain't that. It ain't that deep but okay. Yeah. And after that, yeah like you know if I'm sure it's done now I don't Your worst enemy. Where they at? You said you sure it's done now? Yeah, I don hiding from him. When you saw man Got Ish got enemies he can't even speak on god. Damn. What did he say? He said he don't got one. Yeah You do. He I don't have more. I don worst enemies anymore. Neither. I don't think I have a single enemy that I know of. They might enemy me but Somebody that you see and you know it's on. When you see 'em they go down anywhere nigga. That's the worst enemy. They don't give a fuck. I mean I mean they may make you pass if you with your children and your family but it's on. I ain't got that kind of beef that that's that shit.


We passed those shit. We passed it. I don, I don't know if I have a worse enemy today. Not to my knowledge anyway. I don't know. Yes to year, yes to year. Shit. Pull out the book. Pull out the book. Hey back in the day niggas got great reasons to have Joe Bun's. Enemy just not recently. And by recent I mean like 15 years and you shut the film. Your mouth was reckless. But that's what I'm saying. I don't be looking at that. That ain't enough. Your mouth was Reckless. That was wild. What I'm saying? Yeah. Like I don't look at that as a reason to really be wanting a nigga to beat Nah, joke, feel what you say. Yeah. Yeah. And how you say That's wind where All of that?


That's true. I said the wrong shit to the, a lot of the wrong people at The wrong Time. At the wrong time. At the wrong time. Didn't do it. I did. And if that made us enemies then who knows? Pardon me. The forgiveness. The forgiveness in me. You know I forgive all of you. You said it. Oh well I apologize And hope you forgive. Hope You forgive me. I apologize. And and I forgive and I forgive got, I don't want no beefs with nobody. If there's anybody out there thinking that I have a beef with you, I do not. I definitely, I I don't. I promise you I don't. I I ain't thought about you. I ain't thinking about you. Even as I speak to You right now, I have no idea who the fuck I'm speaking to. I'm just in a state of peace and love and harmony. And if it's not that then it's nothing.


Yeah I'm good. It's not that it's nothing man. It ain't worth it. Some niggas I won't speak to but, but they're not like worse enemies. Michael Sophia you high when you see 'em, you went, you went. I'm just asking bro. Do you walk past them niggas? No. Yeah I walk right by 'em. Really? Yeah Nigga, yo my nigga you gotta love a little more. Yo fuck them niggas. I love everybody. The people that I love, I love immensely. And the niggas that I don't fuck with, I don't fuck with you with the same degree. And they didn't hurt you as much as they didn't hurt you that much. Meaning like physically did these, did they physically hurt you? These nigga. That's what I'm saying. So that's what I'm saying. You could get over saying you could get over Thank you. I could get over the physical or you, I could get over the physical hurt if somebody hurt me physically before I could get over some of shit.


And why you gotta get over it. I never understand that. Like I just don't, it don't affect, I'm about to ask you that person don't affect my life either way. I don when niggas why do I have to, I don't like when niggas preach positivity and don't live it. Not saying he don't live it positivity but I don't like when niggas preach positivity and talk about yo think about this and think about that before you commit any acts and that that's true and not willing to make amends with people if it's not that bad let's amend end to answer your question 'cause I don't want that to go unanswered. You, you, you do that to free up to free the space. Yeah And You Right, but there's no space nigga. You say there's no space but there is. Get your Deepak Chopra ass outta here.


What I'm telling you is if I live 95, 5 95 might be positivity. That other five is nigga shit. I'm cool with that and I can live with that. If 5% could shit but if's 5% it could go to something else. The nigga shit from your body. Yeah it's 5%. That 5% that could be going to something else. Yeah. Okay. I hear you. You, you are a good dude too. I try to. You learn how to forgive nigga. I'm forgiving love shit. 'cause a lot of times it shit be misunderstood over something like something small, something big money. Even if it's money or something. It's not. Money is light. You saying physical somebody hit you or physically harmed you. That's light. It hurt your feel money is light bro. That shit is nothing to me. So would you say you more you you are an emotion. You you're emotional. The per the person that fired at you. You, you still have a space in your heart that's angry about it was fired.


Shot, shot, shot, shot. I ain't know him so he didn't. It ain't that. You get what I'm saying? I don't know you so the nigga that shot me. So you gotta know somebody to be mad at him. Yeah that's what I'm telling you. Like somebody a stranger, it don't affect me enough for a stranger to really affect my mood. My mental, my emo like it gotta be somebody that I know somebody the nigga shoots me. My mood has been affected. It has but I don't know him. Yeah but It is like you could get over that probably easier than your uncle in the description you just gave like somebody shot. You see this's the thing if some for somebody to affect you. In my opinion everybody different for me. For somebody to affect me emotionally. I gotta love you.


I gotta care, I care. So when you did something it affected me like a stranger stealing your money, a stranger doing something to you. It don't affect you. They a stranger affect you. Different somebody or trusted or had in your house or you might have fed them the heartbreak part. Let them niggas sleep on your couch before and then them the niggas that's kicking your back out or them the niggas that's doing something to you understand it affects you differently. When, when we stopped talking you was hurt by me. No I'm grown up. No yo you was my man like that's my man. You get what I'm saying? Me and Joey used to be together every day so he got, I said Yeah man get the fuck away from me yo.


Get away from ain hug. Get the fucking away from get away yo. Your stomach get away from me to about to straddle yo give fuck your knee up nigga Yo move man yo. Come on get the fuck outta here dog. Yo dog. Hey yo. Free just take the hug. Yeah man We good. Oh man Nigga hey doesn't we still think you're masculine? Yeah I didn mean you can hug. You hear stupid nigga say how you mean he didn't mean it yo dog. Get outta here man.


Off of me. This dumb ass nigga. Yo. Arms look, look at Paul come with camera. Yo. Move yo, let him hug you. You can't give your man a hug. Come on. That's hug man. Yo. You smell nice yo. What's that? See you look how he smells. He hugged you. He calls him distraction. I got my own shit. You know what I mean? He always trying to distract thele when it comes to to my love. He was getting We love you bro. No like I love, that's my point. You understand what I'm saying? Look, I don into my life. You gotta be my nigga. You could just say I love you. Flip Yeah make it tough. Love you. Uncomfortable around love. What are things that, what are things that could be, what are things that happen to you that no one could come back from in your mind?


Hugs. Is It? Is it money? Yo. Lemme tell money family. That shit happen with Tanya. It's, you'll never get, this is the thing yo. For me and a and a lot of times for me, apologies fix shit. Accountability fixes shit. Got what happens with a lot of adults is the accountability piece is non-existent. And so if you can't See that you did some fuck shit and be literally be able to be held accountable for it, cool. We don't have accountable but the fuck shit clear as day. 'cause you could, the person could feel like yes you should be held accountable as well. No clear as day is the fuck should be clear. AST day somebody drooping you out some money that's clear as day. Unless you don't want to take accountability, then you cloud the shit. Got it. Got it. You what I'm saying? So if somebody came to you and said your h my to me nigga, watch your fucking hands.


Who he pointing at? Who point Oh yeah. I couldn't take that hug back. That's cloudy man. Whatcha talking about nigga big fit. This nigga's a nutcase yo. Yeah but how, how, how would they, how would they even accept that accountability if y'all don't have a conversation? There you go. Ice. Alright. I've had situations with niggas before that I ain't speak to my man. Rest in peace. I ain't talked to 'em for like Maybe six, seven years. The nigga reached out to somebody got my phone up, he calling me like, yo, what up? I'm like, what's up? He like, you know what It is? I'm like Yeah nigga your number been the same forever. He like, yo, I wanted to holler at you. I'm come wanna go get something to eat. I'm like, yeah cool. Came get something to eat. The nigga apologized like, yo dog, I was wrong for that shit.


I did da da da da da da da. And it's good and We good. So they gotta, they gotta initiate an accountability. Be like, yo, that's my thing. If, if I've wrong, if I steal something from my, if I've wronged anybody in this room right, I'm gonna apologize to you yo. And I can't make you accept my apology but I can apologize to you with my sincerity as y'all saying to clear that space. Right. I'm apologize to somebody. I can't make them forgive me. I could hope that they forgive me and that's that I did my part. I think it's and I and I and I commend you and I. You disagree Richard. Break it down. Yeah, no don't break it down. Watch it nigga. Don't stop bringing the mic close. I know what time that means I am breaking, I'm not breaking shit down. I agree.


Only to an extent Homie. Flip is talking yo. Oh Thank you. Flip is sand. So a lot of times a lot of things that I did to people it weighed on me nigga. So I want an apology tour nigga. I made it right with a lot of the flip the network people just a lot of people that I I wronged, even if they wronged me, I looked at my part that I played in it and said Yo I apologize for that shit. I apologize how I made you feel. I apologize for even putting you in a position regardless if it's clear as day that they were wrong. I have to clear my soul. Gotcha me now. I used to sound like you different though. You're saying even if they did that at some point they still didn't. Nah, nah, nah. 'cause what I was saying 'cause he said that person reached out to them. Yeah. And I'm just saying they gotta, what happens if you don't reach out? We just see each other and you still don't take accountability. Got you. You know what I'm saying?


So you can get past it. You just need the accountability I get and some people I don't need to get past it. Like I, I don't know if you I got some, I have. I remember that story. Yeah. Yeah. I don't give a fuck. Like life is life. Right. You don't if if it don't because that was connected your kids our world. If our worlds don't interact intersect. Excuse me, I don't have to. I don't care. I feel that Move on. Niggas a play fee yo. I don wanna hear the song. Know you got some shit up. Crazy know you got some shit. Where have you been? Some silly, Some silly shit go. Yo This This is for my brothers in the hood in the high rises Go was an idiot. Yo song wrong with it.


Yeah man let's let this rock for a little bit while I want RL to come up here at some point. Shout to rl. Rl when I caught Covid that was back in the clubhouse days, sent me the best care package I ever gotten. It meant so much to me as just like humanity from all over the world. Just chiming in to help people stay alive. That was such a great care package. Shout out to RL also one of the best writers out there. So RL if you have in New York, I know you one of marry niggas that can't get around too much 'cause it the old balling chain.


But if you have it this way man I don't know about having an old balling chain. What the hell are if I wrote Butter Love man, if I wrote butter love more than that I got tour the world. Yo all y'all want to talk about Tre songs all fighting stance. Right? Because I know before in the pre-pro they were very excited. Is that what that one Yeah I did not see this. Oh my god missed this. You see. No I got, he was on stage performing and the dude jumped on the stage and ran over tour. Yeah that's Marc hell funny. You think I'm shooting Yo that nigga caught about me and you when he was doing that shit. You hold your hands mad high. Your shit be up here. See that niggas boxing. God yo you be happy.


Your shit up here too And you circle Irish yo and that nigga do the most do now he'll be down here. That nigga should be up here. He boxing God and he lean Joe, lean back. Make his stance man. Long, wide. He going not too hot. Put up your Dukes yo. Put up. Come on put up your Dukes yo. Oh man. He just slap niggas. This was a very quick interaction. Yeah and he got right back to it. I'm actually, he went right back to the song. That's okay. Yeah, back to the song. But I'm not even mad at him. I ain't mad at him either. Okay. I'm sick of seeing niggas bum rush stages. I ain't gonna lie. I'm sick of it. Like that's become a, that's a thing. A trend.


Too much of a thing lately. Too much of a thing lately. See Burna boy kicked that niggas Yeah. Artists could really get hurt by that. It really is a security breach. So you potentially are getting people fired by that one little move of excitement. Yeah. Yep. Like I don't, I'm not a proponent of of that style of fan fear. I'm not. I know you don't. I don't. I know you don't mean no harm. Right. It's the, It is the streak shit. I don't know that it's the streaker shit like from the football games and shit. So now 'cause again they was doing that before because it was mentioned on it. That's different. But look, let just different, lemme just let just finish. You're not touch nobody. Lemme finish. And so, and some of them niggas was hit, hit parlay on themselves. There you go. Some of them niggas was betting on even before.


I'm just saying that before they would catch that on air. So people was doing it for they little, they little moment two minutes of fame right now. The, then the cameras start turning away from it and not giving you air. So they tried to not incentivize you to do it. Same thing here. Everybody got camera phones, everybody doing all this shit. So now you get caught, you in the clip, you go quote unquote viral. It's the same premise. People just doing stupid shit to try to get attention. In fairness is people have been running up on stage trying to touch their favorite singer celebrity since fucking celebrity began. I think that shit is turned the man on man shit. Like nigga. Yeah really? You never seen like the Beatles and Michael Jackson and all this shit. People were trying their best to fucking the Beatles anytime Mike hugged him up.


Feel like anytime we saw in the era you talking about yo it was like a thing you've, we seen it every week now. Like we used to see it and it be a moment to have seen the holy shit. Look at this. This is happening for everybody at every venue in every level of every genre. Everywhere I have a bigger problem with people throwing shit. Especially like batteries and shit that can hurt or running up and trying to like assault Somebody running up to get a hug. Which this man was trying to do. It's not right. Yeah but you don't it's It is man though. I understand that. I understand that throwing. They gotta cheated. It's not right. But I don't look at the same as throwing a bathroom, doing Some throwing shit. Throwing shit at a concert that I can't lie. Parks is right. That's really, really bad too.


Also buying at least a few beverages from the concession stand in the garden and trying to walk back to your seat while you don't have to bottle tops. 'cause they won't give 'em to you because people throw things at concert. That's tough too. It's tough. It is tough. It is S that shit is annoying but you do understand it. Yeah but the nigga that got that rule changed must have been Nolan Brian. He Roger Clemmens on bottle top thing. Do this little thing. He must have put somebody eye out with somebody Bru. It's too much money nigga you throw some shit on the floor. We don't get all the shit off the floor. Here come LeBron slip on your shit. Now he got a ace.


It's too much. Millions i's The bigger thing with the bottle cap. It is. People fucking up the floors. No, no. Not even. 'cause shit's kinda sharp. So if It is flat down on the, on the nice hardwood construction Parks, shit, Fuck that shit up quick. Yeah We never got wind of the Miguel settlement from the leg drop. Right. That was 15 years ago. I don, I don. I don't give a Fuck that Still don't know shit. I want to know How much I know why he did it cost to make that type of Mistake actually. But now that you do the math on it. Right. Miguel was up there. He was up here. He Was up there After the leg drop. I still love Miguel. He's a Miguel fan but it ain't been the same. It has not You.


Right. He might be up something That's 'cause of Kaleidoscope Dreams that Kali. Yeah. If y'all are artists and I hate asking y'all shit like this 'cause y'all are bums, but if y'all were artists, when would you like your fucking best album to be Second, third. Assuming you have a, I'm about to ask you how long second album Career Fifth. Actually I'll take about eight. Fifth. Fifth, Fifth for sure. Five. Five. Second. Second, second. I said third. Third are the other ones on par that matters to Yeah. No's album is on par. What their best. That's not true. Give it's But you gotta to name nine people.


No I'm just saying it's in all in all of music. Yeah. If not so It's not nine I Would have mine towards the later end of the career. Yeah. So you said outta eight albums. Give me gimme album six or Seven. I wanna go like this and then Right. Get on some bullshit afterwards. Yeah, that's what experiment I was. I was gonna expound on ICE's question like, yo do I hit him with my best and then just plummet? That's bad. Or can I stay just that's what I'm saying, it just ain't my best joint. Yeah like, like Nas. Yes. A lot of people say Illmatic was the bad. Some people say it was written and then they say you know, depending on who you are, depending on who you're, but I'm just saying your point Is Life is good. Was phenomenal. I love Life is good. I love Stillmatic. Stillmatic was phenomenal and I love, I love the whole life is good.


It is the one with Bob Marley's dad or some shit relative is wrong with you son. That's distant Relative. That's distant. Relative to Dam. I wanna be grateful because everybody said that that album is fire. It is fire. I hated it. It's time. I need to go back to that album. I Couch is still my shit. I go back Yeah with I have to go back with Damien. That's A great album. Hate and I like working music. I hate That's Show you like fucking Cool Ass. I ain't Back Back. No I didn't. I'm just saying I didn either. I never went back to that. Go back to it and listen to it. Now with French they said that album is good though. They did. They do. They do say that But, but my point was going like being a person who's defined by the early albums, You know what I mean? You're always chasing the the the heat of the early albums versus somebody who did like this. I wanna be the person who goes like this up peaking at fifth album where my best shit, I mean even Kanye you could say if you say what's his name is his best album.


My beautiful Dark Twisted fan. See that was album. What five Is that five? Yeah five. Yeah Something like that. Yeah it's five. Yeah. Like that's a, that's a good trajectory to me. Yeah It is. And I'm okay with having the trash number eight Still I'm okay with it. Nobody here still has heard Bully. No. Nope. I haven't heard it. I'm not looking for it. It pops up in my YouTube power Algorithm. If it pops up on somewhere in my shit, I am gonna give it a Swirl. It pops up in my YouTube algorithm. Long time I haven't to you. I'm just cool man. What are, what are the reviews on that Pickety people Are saying it's all right. I've actually heard this really good. I've heard it's amazing. Really, really good. Even I think it was Fire Rolling Stone put up Yo Rolling Stone put a article and it was like, we hate to even have to say this but this is the title of the shit. It was like we hate to even have to say this book. Kanye West put out a good album. Like I'm okay.


Aside from all the other bullshit, the album is still good. We hate to admit I'm with like Nazi thing being too far. Like I know we're in the, let's hear both sides and everyone has a right to their opinion portion of American society and I That's awesome. I'm okay personally with like I don't want to listen to a Nazi the not the exception. Yeah Guy. Like I Don't say I don't wanna, I don't wanna support somebody that is seemingly taking pride in being harmful and hurtful. Yep. That's Who I just don't wanna feed the troll. Nah, I'm I fuck the trolling shit. I'm just talking about when you started just publicly talking about nigga's kids and just saying mean shit that you could have kept to yourself. Yeah. Like what's the purpose in that? I don't wanna be supportive of ain't supporting that shit for, I don't wanna be supportive of your success.


Yeah. I'm not with none of that kid shit. You know what I'm saying? I'm Not, I'm not with none. I'm That's what I'm saying. Like I don, I don't want with how you don't know how many songs an album you, I don't think you're a good human being. It says 45 minutes long than the YouTube Thing. That's all I know is the length of album And I think it's all it's you can't It is one track. It's one track. He put all his soul. Where does, where does everybody in the room stand on Ashton the trainer. Oh my god. I gotta ask the nigga that's dipping the face of water. Enlightening hit the hard topics. Y enlighten Hard Can't come on enlighten me. I It Is gonna, I it's divide the room. He be doing the wildest shit. This starts by dipping his face in that ball. Ice water But full of Saratoga. There's a guy named Ashton, he's a trainer and he's gone viral a lot.


I seen him before this recent go viral shit. And he like one of 'em niggas that come across your algorithm like look this dent, let me not say anything anyway. Well that's what you say though. Niggas got muscles nigga choke your fuck nigga I'm playing that. But it's muscle niggas that look cool and then it's the muscle niggas. That's that. You not that's goofy. That look like y'all only got the muscles 'cause you knew there was no route to nothing successful. This is fucked up to say no no You right. You are a hundred percent right. Yeah. Motorcycle Niggas. So he's one of them and he's posting his wake up routine which is he wake up at like three 30 in the morning and do seven hours of just bullshit. Oh I seen a nigga six hours of of Yes It is absolute.


It is absolutely nothing. So he can clown lot because he's just waking up early to do Shit. Nothing. Wash his Face. That was the first thing I said when I finished I was like I'll be ready for bed after that yo. Yeah I ain't gonna lie. For real. So then he's all, he does this, I guess he does Saratoga water in his videos. So they talking about Saratoga stock went up in the last month but I saw that and it said like 1% and I was like I don man That moves 1% is 1%. Yeah okay sure. So then he did a video. I ain't playing none of this shit 'cause I'm not taking more than this buddy. But, but he did a video and It is my favorite thing about when niggas get lit, accusing niggas of biting or his wake up routine and posting how they waking up now.


Oh yeah Because everyone did it but funny. So It's the thing, It is the thing online They did it funny like everyone Put ice water watch. I'm like yeah. Yeah. Do niggas not have friends man? Like no these niggas no they don't. Funny you should ask. No, no, no niggas don't have friends. Hobbies, nothing. They do have an iPhone though. Yeah, that's it. That's their Friend. Yeah. Well now there was a, there was a friend in the video actually that was handed him his, his boxers or whatever. Oh Girl the white girlfriend? Yeah. Oh was it a girl? I don know I saw the hand. No there was a dude that was holding the, the door open. Oh yeah that butler kind of dude. Yeah he then he had a girl in the bed opening up the blinds for him and cutting up his fruit. I didn't See that. I Missed that. I seen too many. I'm like yo, somebody gotta call your man like yo bro.


Like take that shit down. Down. Yeah yo want some bullshit. I would call y'all like yo, take this shit. Figure it out nigga. What are you doing? That would be the first que your dog. What you doing? Going viral now Here going Viral. I'm getting that money. Yeah. Especially if it generates some money. Yeah. Yeah he TikTok he probably eating off TikTok from that thing. He might be. Yeah. Crazy for sure. He is. That nigga look crazy son. If y'all done just allow me to keep running off at my mouth here for a Second. What did you guys do sleep with the ba the the duct tape on your mouth like him. Yo. I didn't even understand why he had that shit on his when he snore or some shit. Yeah, Apparently it's a thing to like make it, I Saw Your nose make you breathe because I was curious too. I was like why does he a duct tape on his gaff tape on his mouth Nigga fuck around suffocate the wrong side.


Dumb ass. Oh did y'all hear about that case actually the only fans worker? Yes the OnlyFans worker. Who I didn't hear bubble wrapped homeboy and died. Dude dual pay though. 11 grand to come do come to the crib and do some shit. So one of 'em was wrap him up like a mummy with saran rap. Okay. And he died and well he died from something else but it was a list of things that she was doing and they're saying one of 'em wasn't choke him and she choked him and he died and she caught a murder charge. Oh shit. Oh that's fucked up. Not just that. When you wrap your body with surround rap nigga you can suffocate it just skin breathes. Right. It did. I never wrapped my body in surround. You should try it nigga.


I wouldn't even have the thought to get to the dangers of it. Damn. Who? Whoever even bought. Damn. It's a lot of Sara Surreal rap first Of all crazy Prices is high, inflation is up. I'm nah Some niggas don't King shit. Where where you staying on shit that's fucked up shit ashamed. I'm just saying homegirl just 'cause he ain't put on the list. If a nigga wanna to get rap that saran rapping all a whole list of other freaky shit he might have said in the middle of sex choke me. I, that don't seem implausible to me. That's all I'm saying. That's true. Yeah. I I'm not buying it. She just decided to murder her. But what was the actual No I'm with you but I'm asking where do you stand on the charge being what It is for her who really played no part in this other than you asked me to do something?


It seems like I'm doing it. It seems like it, it feels fucked up. It feels too hard. It feels harsh. Shit Seems like manslaughter to me. It's manslaughter. Unless he, unless he said choke me. Still Manslaughter. Still manslaughter. You still kill somebody. Wait, no, you are wrong. Yes, yes. No, I disagree. If we're having sex, I'm allowed to choke you and if you happen to, and if by accident I keep choking you and you die, I am going to jail. Yeah, I, I disagree. I disagree. It is an accident. You don't go to jails anyway. No, this isn't about, that's true. We gotta remember who We're arguing. I'm not, I'm not giving my, I'm not giving my opinion whether this should happen or not. I'm saying if, if by, if if someone accidentally dies during a sex act, they don't necessarily go to jail for is all I'm saying. You going get arrested, manslaughter the charge. Now you might beat the charge.


You, you might get a, you wanna go through the process. It really depends on who you are. You're a lawyer at that point. This is interesting to me so I want to change it around a little bit. Let's take this matter outta here. Let's take sex outta here. We're we are friends fucking thick as thieves. I'm sick, I'm ailing, I'm dying. You're watching me deteriorate. And my final days I say yo, could you do this for me? Take, I'll write whatever I need to write to let them know that this is not what you are doing. But I can't go on another day like this. Can you do something? What are you doing in that matter? And what do you think should happen personally to the person? You going to jail? I'm not doing it because I'm going to jail. If you knew you wouldn't go to jail, would you do it? Yeah, it's a different matter. But I'm going. But I know, I think, I think you were asking a legal question.


You were asking the moral question, right? Yeah. I wasn't really asking about that's what I'm saying but, but the moral part, if it's gonna lead to me going to jail, I'm not doing it. Yo, you ain't never jail. Kill that boy. That boy I jail free damn dog that fucked up. You need me to do what? This nigga will give up the nuclear launch codes. Yo, this nigga will give up the knocks. All that shit if you be like, you just gotta win the keys. Show me the handcuffs bro. This nigga is you telling more than they wanna know. I didn't know in, in third grade I wasn't mean yo under Ms. Johnson desk. Yo, this right there is crazy. I ain't gonna jump out. Nah, I don't know. That's a hard one for me. Yo, that's a real hard one for me.


I don't know if I'll be able to do that. I would do it. But even now look a nigga, something happened in a car accident or something. You can't administer CPR niggas and all that shit. You could catch a charge. I heard about That. Wait, what happened? Say that again. Like you get in a car accident and you and somebody laying on the ground, they say you can get a charge if you start trying to administer CPR or trying to give them healthcare. You could catch a charge If you're not certified. Okay. I was like this is a detail missing here that's not making making, okay, okay. Okay. I'm saying like a a, a good samari trying, trying to, if you get, if you get in a car, you saying I can't run over in a adminis to CPR r if you're not certified you could get a charge bro. Okay. I got looked into that. I don't, I don't know. Yeah, that's why they said people stop doing that 'cause you could get a charge, you could Press think they're, because you could do it wrong.


You Could hurt somebody. Yeah, because I get why it might be a concern. But that seems okay. I don know if there's been a case plate. I don't know if there's a case where someone, nothing bad happened to them and they press, I don't know if you could get a charge if you don't fuck it up. Right. If You get chest compression and, and you fuck up somebody rib or fuck up somebody's sternum or some shit like that, then you could potentially catch a charge. Okay. That's why niggas be saying that. Damn. They they be like, yo wait for the EMT. That's why niggas mind their business unfortunately. Which is what I was saying earlier, why black people minding their business facts. Yeah, I I, yeah. Anyway, this is a very big broadcast. I still would like to tell y'all about two New Jersey stories that are interesting. Okay. Shit, we jersey.


So I hear apparently elected officials in Englishtown New Jersey are resigning because they appointed, who did they a appoint, they appointed somebody from the Gambino family, mob enforcer who shot 40 people and killed six people. Got damn. Went into the town council in New Jersey, I feel Like. But where do y'all stand on that? I'm wait, but dude didn't do that. You saying the whole family killed, did all that kill? No, he did it. He did. He's responsible for this. He did it. Oh yeah, I probably was but he turned his life around. Oh. You know, I think a second chance he did it up rehabilitation man, bring up bullshit. Yeah, I'm, I'm good with that. Yeah. Y'all, so y'all are cool with that?


Nah, I don't think I am personally but Y'all so yo, I'm how long ago yo now? No, I'm saying how long ago did he do to kill it? Yeah. Oh, I don't know. I didn't read by his book. I'm assuming it was a little while ago though. If you killed somebody 20 years ago, 30 years ago, I could live and you was a hitman for the mob 30 years ago, you could be a rehabilitator. That mean that you want to take though, that mean that money can make you do shit. So now you yeah, you going to politics nigga. You are corruptible. They aren't, I about to say that's everybody else. If you were, if you were a fucking a member of the council and they hired, appointed this guy, would you stay or would you go?


I make friends with him. Let say Sammy, you don't wanna argue with the nigga. Let's say Sammy, argumentative. Sammy buddy. Sammy the bull. Yo, Fuck that bill. You know what? Build that building. Right. That's a really good idea. You right, I'm with you Johnny no knows I'm with you. Johnny no knows. Okay, the next one I'm gonna freestyle, even though I heard it like a few weeks ago. Where do y'all stand with, first of all, there's always something going on with American Dream. Apparently American Dream is being sued by the surrounding towns for, what is the number? 13?


I wanna say 13 million. Because they were supposed to pay some type of tax when they were fully opened. American Dream is saying we not fully open. They're still not fully open. They're not. They're not. That's smart. And the laws apparently say that for them to not be fully open, it only has to be like 1% of your entire building to be closed. And that shit is humongous. So they are keeping certain, right. They to avoid paying this smart business, this ticket. So now the surrounding towns are arguing. Y'all have been open for quite some time. Give us our money. We ain't fully open. But nah, sorry that the you got paid ticket. You got paid a ticket. So it's fucked up. Yo bro.


Where do, where does everybody stand and I'm done. American Dream side. Pay the ticket. I'm not, you want American Dream side. We ain't fully open my nigga. But then they could never be fully open and schemes bro. Nigga. As long as the taxes is more than the, than the rent they would get then they're always going to never be fully open, nigga. That's the game. Loopholes you, you a big legal loophole. Big confusion. You always sign with corporate. You're confusion bro. No I don't. It ain't corporate. I'm just saying that's the game. Legal loophole. You wanna live, you live. Niggas will sit here and try to find tax loopholes and then get mad at somebody else trying to find a loophole. Shit. Throwing shots. It's all wrong. Marriage nigga. I'm, it's all real. I'm saying it's all raw. I mean, that's all I'm saying. Those taxes, fun libraries and schools and roads. Let's go. Let's go mo. All the girl dads that wanna go to the park, they can't go to the park. 'cause of America. 'cause of American, You know what I mean? American dream the hell.


I like that. Yeah. Fucking they can't go to no park Dad. Yeah, no bicycle rides, none of that shit. Nigga. Pay what you owe. Loopholes is loopholes, man. Okay. Loopholes. That's the society we live in. Loopholes. Loopholes. YI can put your head in the sand and act like you don't know. Not after you, not after you spent American Dream off the off the rough estimate was over like six and 7 billion. It was over, well over a billion dollars. It was one of the worst. It was was $6 was it was one of the worst investments in New Jersey history. That shit, that shit stayed dead a decade more, more than that. What I'm saying, back when it was supposed to be Zand do complex. Yes. Zana do all that shit. Yeah, actually, yeah. Yeah. Nigga. That was over that years, about 20 years ago I worked at, that was my last corporate job.


Yep. Where I used to work for Subway Corporate and we was trying to get in a big thing in Xanadu. I got him outta that Subway. He helped you out. Come on. He helped you out. He said it wasn't corporate. He just had a tie. He was, he was assistant to the regional sandwiches. Come on, you and Jerry look at nasty. That was next. Yo, you idiot. Yo. You want yellow Peles, right? Yo. Anyway, hey, but go ahead. What they was putting the Xanadu shit, that Zanadu complex. That shit was over 20 years ago. Ice is right. That shit was 20 years ago.


So American Dream, when, when you say that it was vacant, what, what do you They was getting Mad Corp. I mean they was getting Mad State funding. It was supposed to be like, you remember that mall in Minneapolis? Yes. America, that's what they were trying to emulate. Right. So they was getting mad revenues to build that shit and grant money and all that shit to build it. And was taking the money and blowing it and blowing it and blowing it. Niggas, the state never got they brand back. Like dog. If you look, if you look at American Dream now, where you see the Slope Park, the Ski slope, that shit been there. Yeah. For 20 years. They, It is all white. That's 20 years, bro. Oh, you talking, I'm talking about that part. No, the, because American dream ain't been in 20 years. No, it ain't been open. But the, the shell, the infrastructure Yeah, the complex infrastructure has been there for a long time. Has been there, sitting there dormant for about 20 years.


Correct. And and that's the problem. The, the American Mall has failed. It is, It is passed this prime. Yeah. But people were still dumping big money into it. In, into the two thousands when the, the mall has gone. The internet killed the mall. Smaller shops killed the mall. I mean, y'all from Jersey. Look at Livingston Mall. That shit is a, why would I do that? Right. Exactly. Oval. Right. They don't have nothing living. They have Sparrow. You might like Livingston Mall bro. Yeah. Bad. But for, you know, I don't live far. I'll tell you one thing. That motherfucking skim store and garden state Look bopping that shit. Bread spanking new. They isn't. Yo. Fuck y'all talking about. But no. So even to ice, yo. So what if the neighboring towns generated pay them or paid, paid some bread, paid the towns pay the taxes you stealing from the people.


If you spent 7 billion on, on your shit, go pay to 13 seven. It is a bad pack. Ice got a lot of issues. Yo grandparents didn't fix up issues. Yo know what ice is. Ice is black and white is, he's so black and white and very black and white. The shades of gray for ice don't exist. Right. He just wants something. Yo look, rules the law said this ated to me man. No, the law is the law man. I'm, I'm a law by citizen. I fuck with the law, law law then you should be a law by the citizen when it comes to last time I get to town on the pod, the freeze wasn't here. He came in and checked the shit outta me. What? I said that same thing. What about free white? Where your I'm like Free is just black and white. Man, that nigga came in. Yo, you, I remember that.


I heard something io on me. Yeah. I was like, yo freeze. I wasn't give a fuck. All right man. I'm out. I'm out. Nah, you know I'm chill. I chill. We good Chilling bro. We good American dream. Oh my God. And shout to Ros Barack or Ros Barack and winning in the polls for governor. Yep. He gonna win. As long as you can file any votes, you gonna mix your, you gonna get some, you gonna get some doors no matter what. I, I'm working on it. My fingers are crossed working. I'm not optimistic. But he'll be the, he coming up here already. I got you Ain't gotta talk to nobody I don't need. That's not true. Why you still nigga? Why you still a nigga sauce? Why? Why we like this? Yo, I'm still here Nigga. Soul bro. Yeah man. Yo, you ain't gotta worry about it. It's your man. Look, that's your man. Right. You see your man?


But I'm telling you, you don't got, that's not true nigga. I got it already. It is. It is. The connect nigga don't trying to circumvent and go to niggas A nut case. That ass. It is so gross. Alright. Yo, you bring up? Nah, it's cool. What's his name? Mitch Bar. You bring him up. He he's the, he's the mayor of Newark. He's the mayor of Newark. Oh. He running for governor for New Jersey. He's the dude on the Lauren Hill albums talking to the kids. Yeah. Back in the day. In the inter back in the day. Back in the day. It got it. But yo, I didn't know this. It was only six black governors ever in the country. Yep. And only two post. Only two post. Like civil war era. Yeah. That is crazy. Wild. Yeah. That's nice.


Yeah. The one from Massachusetts, Maryland now ain't a handful. This nigga know everything. Lamont crazy. The Civil War was who? Against who again? South. Against the north nigga Rakim and them fighting Sean Cena. South versus the north. The north versus the south. The Avengers Union versus the Confederacy. South of what? The United States. The Mason Dickies, the south. The south tried to leave the United States. They tried to succeed and leave and that was bad. And the North said you can't leave because of that whole slavery thing. Yeah. Yeah. They wanted the slaves. Yeah. Was that whole slavery part that made it little fuzzy. Niggas said that was bad. You your man. This It is crazy.


Yo, you hear your man. Yo, I'm so glad. This is why I left history class. I believe you. They was in the edge of science. What happened? And You think it cool to say It is crazy. You think it cool to just tell the story, huh? Yeah. This nigga. It is. Yo, It is wrong. Yo. Wait. And then there was two, right? They did another one. They tried to go again. No, no, they didn't. World, world War. Wait, who? Who tried to leave in that one? Tried to leave. Tell me, I'm gonna play sleepers. The world Wari who tried to leave World War. Tried to tried to the world. Dr. Mark. Yo. World war. World War II was about what? World War I or World War ii. World War ii.


World War II happens after in 1939 after the rise of Nazis. Yeah, yeah. After the rise of Nazi and World War. I was what, 1914 to 1918. That was, it was over a few things. But part of it was the The invasion. Right? What? Yeah. Invasion of what? The aliens nigga. Yo was the World War nigga. We was fighting them. Remember the tests around that nigga is stupid. Yo, all I remember growing up is my mom being really worried that they was gonna send me and my brother to the war was gonna be drafted. Nigga. Yo. And she wasn't grab a choice in the matter. Oh, could you imagine? They was gonna come to our house and take us out there.


Could you imagine? To drafted Joe ass boy. Yo, you been Go, go, go. Where? Where you want me to go? Yo, where'd it start at? Yo. Your house. Like where's the first destination? I would've had to went to basic, basic training. Basic training. So, oh, I'm not, you might've been, they did some mental testing. You look like a Navy nigga. They would, you might've been the Navy. They would've added, you know what I mean? Huh? You've been Yeah. You a navy nigga. Yeah. You would've went ice. Yeah. Rules and rules. How long laws lost? How long you just been alive? You think well over in war? Yeah. Vietnam.


Oh no. I'd have been over there like on some ice. Was going be a medic. Yeah. Or I'm going into, I'm pumping the gas trucks or something going, I'm the nigga that's fueling the trucks. Right. Oh shit. I'm telecom. I'll be over there when, when shit got down a little bit. See the shit y saying nigga relaying the messages back. I'm looking for sleep right now bro. What would you have been? You said you was gonna be a sniper. That's what you said. That's what you said. I wasn't doing that nigga. My cousin died. I know. Oh, do that. I'm not knocking the service. No, no. My cousin got killed in the military. Got shot in right there. He did? No. What? No, it's s not laugh at this.


You gotta acknowledge this shit. This is a trauma. This is a traumatic issue for Flint. We should mock it. It is not, it's not traumatic. My cousin got killed in Iraq. Okay. It is painful. This you talking about war. Yo. Take a mental health day man. With y'all. It is t say nothing else. I'm like if nigga I took 15 mental health days, nigga there you gonna gimme one. As long as I still at my spanky, I'm good. You know the rules buddy. That's fucked up. See I don't wanna talk about it. You already know the rules. Don't talk about it. Yeah. Alright. Lemme see. Let see. Lemme see. Do I have a sleep? Yo. You don't. People for the people. Yo. I the people. I am the people. You be for the women ladies. You know women are people. Lemme tell you something. Oh, he can open this church.


Lemme tell you something. Didn didn't. I don't give a fuck. Niggas attack me. I want that. It is the only nigga that I don't like it. You don't either. Why? I say nigga tell me what to say right now. I say it for you nigga. And I standing there nigga you crazy. You yo. Anyway, it's all right. Yeah, exactly nigga. Then you gonna go pan on Sunday. I really ain't mean it. Y'all, you know what I'm saying Happened was you know I was having a bad day. You know what I'm saying? Nah, no I'm not. Yeah. All right. I love women though. I love them. But I'm married. Me too. My wife love me nigga. I make mito. Oh yeah. Cool as fuck too. Yeah. Share what the world Ish orange is at the bar is not something you can do Mean my be pound nigga.


Why can't I? You can't. You can't. On Patreon, I'm gonna talk to you can't. Why can't I? When you get a girl, you can't do that. I, my girl has been at the bar with me and I get oranges. You can't eat oranges at the bar. How he eating alone on a Saturday night dog? Me and my girl used to go to squeeze all the time. You not hearing me. Was he eat 'em like the influencer dude would eat 'em? Yes. Like put the whole thing like this inside his mouth. He cleared the oranges. Wait, wait. It was only the peel left. Does he eating luty. That's how much he lying. He's he's lying. You a luty orange eater. You free. I eat the pill. So he's lying. You eat the pill. Wait, you eat the pills? Of course at the bar. Yes. You at the bar eat pills.


They say it's good for you. That's why you don't lie talking. He made it seem like I was eating the thing off the pill. Leaving the pill on. Well you did that first. No I didn't. You lying. You eat the pill, you sick. Serial killer shit. Tie the pill in the knot. His tongue nigga. Yo. Yo. Like I was eating on some sultry shit Ish. If you can't What about the hands that touch the pill nigga? Nigga? What are you ta the hands that touch the pill? You saying I knowm not saying that. Y'all my nigga we be here for 10 hours a day. Niggas being here touching doorknobs, all types of shit. Niggas don't watch they hands. And I'm saying that on a Saturday you should wash your night hands Say fuck we talking about you can't do that. It is dirty. You know where the orange bee at?


You got a girl you can't come on. You just trying to like build your music. You old. He trying to build your music system. Everything. You got a girl he can, you can't do that with a girl on a Saturday. Now you had the barge just fucking he can his girl down your oranges at the, he at the bar shit over there. And you made eye contact with some people. I was about say that's what he doing. That's what he doing. You ain't fool nobody. Look, don't get you wasn't just looking at your phone. He's doing that tongue shit with the orange. Nah he not anine. That's idiot's. What It is you nasty doing. No this don't give a fuck yo. We trying to get niggas in trouble over here. What's the summer child And he had the bike to the side. Nick can't gimme a trouble. The Musclebound knew nigga Ish went to his seat. They helped him to his seat. He hopped into his seat.


They left the bike like parked by me. I tried taking pictures. You yo. You see take Man you know damn well Joe took pictures. He be lying a lot. He lie for the pod. One thing this nigga is going do, I don't lie about is take some pictures. I don't lie about no picture business idiot. The bike up. Oh my god That should be the episode cover. Yo look at the bike. Yo. Yo. That's funny. That nigga no nigga really took a picture.


Check. Check your man out though real quick. This guy's a vibe. Chilling. Yeah he gonna ruptured Achilles. He standing look checking it out. Yeah. What's up nigga? Real? Yeah you see him? Hey that's yeah, that's this nigga will not go to bed. Yo. I playing nigga fool. Son, I'm playing asleep. I promise I'm playing sleep. All I am going with Oh my lay SPINALL and Tyla. This record is called One Call Spin.


I, I noticed some Still don't like this shit. I'll always charge for choose if I to choose. Yeah. My weakness I don do it for no man without us for Brand new music from SPINALL on my leg and Tyla record is called One Call available in your phone and on Dsbs right this very second go.


Hey Stuff. Alright. I'm head on down to the DMV with this one. This is Blanco Wale Duh. Yeah they going understand. It is we all fight some type do up trying to ease my mind.


Trying to free my mind. Gotta preach them with these demon and not need. Sometimes I go easy girl. They go easy down and your bitches get too mixy. My, I kick you wild. Yeah can figure this out. She make me know. She makes me smile. She make me talk more. She make me loud and she know. I know I hear the cry. Here we go all friends. Soon as remember I woke up at LA four in the morning, went to bed at four in the morning in the cliff.


Four hour sun. I was up at LA 48 from the Capitol back to my Holland Landover and back to Rodeo. Making sure that my circle is tight so nobody got know, got that angle got me drinking whatever this is later around 'cause I gotta be gold and my beautiful house no friends. Now my way is my amigo and my mama don't there say hi. She said why you single? I said Mama, I'm sorry I'm trying but nobody gonna let let you do. Ain't nobody gonna let let you do and nobody be loving. Like do And I. That's probably my ego.


And again that record is Blanco by Wale new single in your phone. DSPs new album coming soon. Good To hear from her. Can't wait for the new album. Wale. I'm going to the West or I think she's actually from Tennessee. But It is LA based. Anyway. Smar and Sherwin, this is Papa Olive A shot down bitch Out baby.


I Shot down, heads up Drive by. I'm just trying to nigga shorty by straight You Right lights from the up, up, up, up up The Smartest Samara, Cyn and Sherwin Pop and Olive.


I like it. It's a little different for you. Yeah man. You know what I mean. Little summer, nice nice weather vibe Little head. It's like yeah nah yo I'm I'm going to Big Jersey of course little homie the artist put a new song out. It's called Ghost All Close My Eyes.


I see images of your beautiful face. Coach You right here on this stage while you go Ghost Don't be no cause no text, no signs, no trace. You know you burn me softly because can get them off me. And now Spirit haunts me.


You know you burn me softly because And Spirit Ish.


That is the artist Ghost fuck with it man. That's some good vibes today. Ish Sleeper. Last week was so fired Alex Isley but all week since he played it I just been thinking about like a remix to it. Who'd you come up with? I just wanna hear what she comes up with. Oh I'd like to hear her like, like you know fucking the her and Lucky day, the remix to that shit is like a classic neo soul yo. What's the I really feel like Lucky Day could they could spin the block. What's with her yo Chilling Ready to come. Just in the studio Chilling right now. Just Chilling. That's the one I'm waiting for. Yo dog. She Chilling right now. When? When she pop out though?


I think it's gonna be something. Yeah. Don't say. Yeah I also think It is probably gonna be hers. One of my fit yo. Probably won't be this year. Might get a record. 25 might get a hell no. They change music man. Musicians ain't gotta do it. I feel like we get a her single in November around Thanksgiving and an album early 26. Damn. It's my prediction. That's crazy. Okay. Her is Chilling. These niggas hold on for sure. I know she Chilling but God we had the games nigga. We catching these athletes, niggas slipping. I was just crying in my room the other day just thinking about we ain't never getting another LMA record. No, no.


What? Think you got a new record out. I hear you think? Yeah, I know You think I heard some shit. I was gonna play some shit. You won't go sleeper Peep outta El Ma. That's my man. So I can't say nothing but no, no, no. But I'm, I'm like El ma the musician. Yeah, for sure. So when y'all go and find love like with niggas that's 500 s up. I mean I don't blame y'all for not going back in the studio, but I get sad. She did put no shit. I said it was like an EP or something. Yeah. And was hard. The AP was hard. It was hard. I hear you see when that album dropped. Oh, Oh yeah. No, good point. No I, I got scared with him 'cause he looked like he really got hurt.


Who? Him? Jason Tatum. Oh. He looked like he really, I thought he tore the ACL or something. I was fuck like, yo, come on dog. I wasn't gonna say his name 'cause he be trying to keep it loaded. No, we know not no more. Oh okay. Yeah. No, but I thought that we, we ain't keeping it low no more. Yo, if I, if I fucking hit it out the park and you could help my rep. I'm, I'm upping it. I'm dropping that name, dropping that ring footage if you creeping in. So stupid. Y'all fell down the stairs on my ring the other day, yo dog. I was walking down the stairs trying be gro crutching. It got to that last step and the weight forward too much. Yep.


I tried to catch it. My nigga did that balance go off. So coming down my stairs, It is a walkway. It's concrete. So you know we men, we got a little bit of more yo dog. I spun my body dead ass. I got the shit on ring and fell in slow mo and fell in the grass. You put that in the group chat. Say say words, send that thing over. I'm like ah, that send that. I threw the crutches that way. So I ain't fall on like my whole, your whole mental process is to take care of my leg. Like I don't give a fuck if I break my elbow. Nothing. Man, that shit was hilarious though. My girl ran outside like you okay. I was on the floor hollering yo. My daughter was like, daddy fell in the grass. The kids ain't shit bro. Right.


Daddy fell in the grass. No bullshit. No. Thats hilarious. Nah. Throw that video in the group chat. Nah, I'm cool. Throw that. Don't throw that in the group chat. We need that one. I ain't gonna hold y'all the other day. Pause for telling y'all the other day. I'm trying to fucking, I, I put one leg in my little new Lululemon fucking boxing briefs and I tried to put the other leg in and got caught in the elasticy part. I fell right. The fuck you stand, you can't make it. No, you stand down. Talking about you stand down. Yo. Once you you can't, you can't make it no more. What you do is go down in my thirties. I used to be able now you better stop going down nigga.


You better stop being grown. Sit your ass on the bed. Right. That's the fuck is wrong with you nigga. It's true. Yeah, yeah It is over. I went right down. Thank God nobody was dead. See? Yep. Hit, hit the floor. Ain't nothing you could do feel like certain shit if your girl so you do it. It is just like over lose your oomph. Yeah. Oh man. You fall putting your underwear on bro. So it's, it's bruh. Yeah It is. It's gonna be hard to raise your voice. Y'all nigga grown. It is grown. I sit on the bed my nigga. Oh no. I still talking to get athlete hat to Oh no. Stand up and wiggle like I got a fan ass or something. He crazy. I hope y'all enjoyed this part as much as we enjoyed delivering it to you. We breezed through the topic. But just know in my head I'm not overdue.


Sending dude dick pics and the level of arrogance that that takes. I didn't wanna bore y'all with it, but I'm not all the way off there yet. That's your man too. Nobody's my man. Nobody's my man Antoine. It's your man. It ain't my man either. That nigga said you a motherfucker, you know what I mean? Hey your buddy. Look at this. Ah, talk about this in your pod nigga. Wow. You bitch ass nigga. No, that's crazy. I told you God ain't done with you. Talk about this on your phone. Fucking you don't have my phone number. Yo. He got your, he get your, he get your number. He get your number. You know, you know what? He got your number Worst.


He gonna get your number. He is one of, he's one of 'em niggas that gets anybody number a hook or cry. That's nasty. That's, that's was disgusting shit right there. I was disgusting. That's nasty to say. A clean asshole nigga. Now I ain't finished my treatment, you know what I'm saying? I ain't doing the six episodes. Why you procrastinating on your fucking ass hair treatment It burned go back yo. It well go back and finish. No they numbed his As so it's like half bald. He was making jokes with the lady. Yeah. You know what I mean. They numbed him up. I on that podcast, you know what I mean? Yeah. Nigga got George Jefferson Ish.


You got the George Jefferson. You trying to flirt at the wrong time. You a weirdo bro. Oh shit. He ain't going back. He got the stuss coming. He got, he got the one day growth in there. Oh my god. Nasty ass butt six times. I know who got few. Your girl gotta few. Right. Your butt just gotta look funny. I feel it was a gift. Right. At 50 What? At 50. He's still trying to style. That's gay though. Come on. Yeah man, that's your man. He just did this at 47. That mean he was trying to catch, he was trying to toot that a little bit. He was trying to give him the profile. He was gonna be out there with the little shorts on, on the beach. Yo fuck with the land, yo idiot. Nah, he was in the house still trying to catch him.


He doing that nigga was still trying clean his hands off the, hey Mr. Clean vibe. What's up Hanging? Say what? Say what? Say what you know about your girl sitting there? Oops, I dropped something. Aw, what happened? Wow. Tell your girl he in there dropping shit. No, he dropped it in front of her. Yeah. Damn man you, you guess I gotta picks that up. He started sending picks. Huh? Disgusting. Disgusting. You don't send picture. Oh shit. Oh God. They should be taking pictures and shit.


Sending it to this girl. Hey honey, I'm never, you don't need to do that. Right. I've never sent a dick pic in my life. Hey big Ish. Yes you did. I swear then Dick did that. You said tongue picks. Look girl Tongue. Oh man. Yo. That's ass tongue nigga. Nigga. Fuck you man. Tongue picks. Tongue picks. Niggas a fool. You do shit. Different nigga. I just watched that video in fold. Shit with deformed had like deformity. Nigga was s shy sending this. You had to put the mumps. Alright stop. If if wasn't sitting the A something was going had to fucking, you sent him a pic nigga the fucking no, this nigga's crazy.


What's the name of the nigga is disgusting. Yo nigga had the wing worms on on the, on the monkey Nigga. Me nigga had measles nigga. Nigga had the wing worm on a monkey. That's crazy. Oh my God. Y'all, where's the stupid fucking song? All right, here we go. Alright, there we go. Fish. Alright. Oh my God. Yo. Wow. One, two and get done. Stop know. I know this fucking podcast is corny. Why won? Won't none of y'all put a quick eight on this. Nobody ever did it. Here It is right here. All this beat looped up. It won't. None of y'all just put why you ain't do it in your day? A quick four?


Yeah, I'm letting it rock with y'all nigga. Come on. Not, not niggas got girl, niggas is married. Come on. It is easy Ma. I love you. Can't wait to get home. Oh come on. Get in your bed. I hate this spot. Why they can't come up with a fucking four? Nah, we got Just came home. Can't wait. And you looking beautiful. Come on. Come on y'all. Come on. Y. Hey. Yeah, your feet and your cut. Oh, face is so suitable.


Oh God. Come on. Yo. Hate this bond a quick fo. Y'all can come. You and her and her. That's 2 1 2. Okay let's go. Ish. Yo, you supposed to say suitable yo. It is cool. He said that already nigga I can't repeat his line. Yeah, didn't say suitable. Yes I did. Yes he did. What's wrong with you nigga? Old ass man. Named Ish. Act like it. Yo. I can get You right now Ish. I said that. Yo. There you go. Get in your bag. Got Y'all so corny. Yo. These the same niggas said they was looking for three stacks.


Look, hey yo. All hold up. Let tell y'all I'm gonna put my tongue on y'all. If my name ain't is if y'all stop. Write this second Joe. Set your ass if we get You right now, nigga don't call to reach that. Swear we don't wrap my nigga. But don't call three stacks. What? Love of my life. Hey, come on get in back. I'm giving you the first bar. I'm trying to set y'all off my life. Make you my wife. Hey get come on. It's freeze. I love you. Big missing piece of my puzzle. I would never stop. I made the mother. I made the mother do. Get a muzzle. Took you off the market.


Let yo must in your fridge. Yeah. Idiot. Niggas ain't got a chance. Free niggas. It's crazy hate girl. I just wanna hold your head. How mad at y'all because in y'all head y'all got four bars in y'all head. There's four bars. Let's get married on the beach girl. Yeah, you took me off the streets. Come on. Freeze. Huh? This nigga is stupid. Yo. Let's, what Parks thing took me outta buffalo and I can't lie. Love it though. I wondering where you gonna live with Buffalo? Of course I had to cuff it. Dog. Hey, come on Park. Get back. Listen, keep us in your prayer.


Lord knows we need to be there. We ain't got no bars is over. We are officially washed. Alright, until the next time we bid you a do farewell. Adio, Riva, dci, OTA arvo. So long the goodbye simple. Edna will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments past. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. And lastly, the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel. The close-minded women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol. You might need it. It go nigga. Still ain't. Come on. Marcus Is Dr. Bars on this piece in love with your clavicle Nigga?


This idiot. Yo. Since we took our SAT. Oh shit all. Oh my God. All right, I'm done. Shout to our sister Mel here with us in spirit. Always shout to each and every fan out there. Hopefully y'all enjoyed this shit. We are gone. Anything, anybody doing anything fun this week? Anything? Anything where I can exploit for entertainment purposes? Nah, I'm shooting up with Connecticut this later this week. Huh? Shooting up. Connect. Shooting up in Connecticut. I said shooting up to Connecticut. Jeezy and drama. Gotta show up there. Oh shit. Fire, fire. Fire. Jeezy's touring.


Doing spots for It is the 20 year anniversary of 1 0 1. Oh wow. So absolutely fire popping out for that for sure. Shout the drama. Shout to Jeezy. That's a nice, yeah, I've never seen them two drama on the show together. So that's while they ain't coming here. Alright, that's later in the tour. Maybe later. I don, I don't know. Gotcha. I'll be there for that too. Anybody else doing anything fun this week? Anything? Anything filming? No nigga going to the doctor every day. It's bullshit. Sorry. Trying to get my me h this week. Sorry man. Well come visit you If you need anything from me, I'm there for you. You not there for nobody nigga. No for real. Because that happened kind of on like work time kind. I'm there for yo like whatever It is and I love you.


Hug? Yeah. Give him a hug yo. Nah. Give him a hug. No, I don to fight this nigga by a hug. You won't take the hug. Alright. I'm gone. I ain't got nothing else to say. Fuck these niggas. I come on. Oh shit. Real quick. All of y'all that big up that show. Adolescence on Netflix. I got a word for y'all. Maybe not right now, but on Patreon let's about It is the worst show in the fucking world. Show Nigga.


You love adolescence. We can fight about it. Can't wait Yo dog. We was getting ready to start that. It is Ass. No, I loved It. All right, cool. Niggas big up the other shit. Yes It is ass. It's horrible. What's the other shit that everybody And the severance finale was fucking cinema. I ain't even watch it. I didn start ance. I done checked out a severance. I gotta watch the whole shit again now. All All right. It was like that. I checked out a severance. It was fire. I need to start over. I I I'm saying I'm reading. People say that was, that was One of the best. It was like a movie season Finale or series. I don know season I not sure. It felt they had not canceling severance. They not? Yeah, not now. Okay. Maybe I'm wrong. Not now. Maybe I'm wrong. But he saw it so maybe she lemme shut up. Dope Thief. I'm telling y'all I better watch That. That's yo, hey we started the, you Like dope thief. Well it's only three episodes but yeah. You like the three?


Yeah. I just think that there's a lot of poverty but that shit is, We started that Amanda Sifri shit. Cock shit on Peacock. The people we're talking about. She's like a cop. I'm not sure. Wait, which one? I ain't see It. It's on Peacock. It's Amanda Sea Reeded. I don met her. The girl from Manifest Mel Know her? No, the girl that was in the scammer, the health scare scammer. The little blonde girl Elizabeth. She Got a cop show. Mm. The the girl that was making the machines in fucking, Oh Yeah. Elizabeth, what's her name? Yeah, I know, I Know Warren. Warren I think is The girl that played her. She's in mad like Robin Robinson and shit. Oh I like her. Yes, I do like her. Yes. I think she won a award for that shit. Yeah she did. She's got like a cop show on Peacock. Peacock, which I can't remember. I saw the commercial and I was like, hey, that looks like Shorty Fon.


Yeah. Yeah. Okay, got it, got it, got it. I might check that out. That dope deep shit. Is Elizabeth cock out. Me. Why you say that? I don't like it. Don't white. It seemed fake. It is. It just trash. It's whack. Like yo dog if you, if you stole No, that's Elizabeth Walker. Yo, listen to this. The niggas was counting. They got the four 50 long Bright River and had mad money left. Yo, if I, if I got the $450,000 and I still got mad money left and I'm broke, I'm getting lost. That's my problem with that. I'm not staying around the neighborhood to fucking get caught. They look too broke. I'm going home, getting my girl. We changing clothes. These niggas didn't buy clothes yet. They act too broke on that shit. Stole a million dollars. Didn't even buy clothes. I'm like, I got you.


They look broke. They act broke. Disgusting. Them bringing in col over here, them bringing in homeboy. Who anybody would've brain knew he was about to fuck. Knew he wasn't no police. Anybody would've brain knew he was gonna do some dumb shit. I understand what you're saying, shit. Trash. But I do like it. I like it. Can we see it ourselves nigga? Yeah, for sure. Watch it nigga. Get on faces. Watch some tv. Enjoy Bunny. Watch your fucking mouth. Did the song end? No. Okay, Nigga, My bone is blowing up. They Looking for me.


Alright. Peace, love, help. Wealth and prosperity. We are gone. Y'all are down out there. We'll be back. Same time, same place. Hopefully. I said I wanna know you're want to tell me your name man. That was the flex back in the days knowing the adlibs. Yeah. During the fade out of the soul. That's the flex. Bring it back. Come out. Me adlibs the trash. Can't say, can't say enough to do adlibs anymore. Yeah, no nigga. The song is one. The song is one You've never heard of.


Joe Buddy. J-B-P-J-P. Why Without.