(0s):
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show. I'm a everybody Feeling. good last looks. Feeling great. Get your lint brush You. know what I mean. Get your floss. Get your dental floss. They get what We hit the last little bit of the cologne. Some of y'all got the the samplers, the cologne sampler.

(43s):
It's a little shit. Spray. Spray. That little shit. Samplers held Niggas down a piece of paper. You got the paper shit. You just rub it on your wall. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Spray that little shit. All make sure everybody is good. The levels. The levels. Nigga walking around With the page in they pocket. The page Levels is good. Everybody put they oil. You can do the oils. Some of y'all look like oil. Oil roll. Yeah. Egyptian musk. Oh, you know it. Word Egyptian blue. Blue. Now get in your bad blue nouns there. You was there blue. Now. Disgusting. I knocked plenty of them off with that blue nail. Let 'em get a whiff on that neck. That shit was the hood favorite. I ain't like that shit. And I'm talking about my past not playing with none of you loser ass fans.

(1m 25s):
Yeah, you Too rich for blue down Right now. Blue N was our version of their love. Spell love spell shit. I bought some of that too. Shit. What motherfuckers love Spell? It's a girl shit. It's a girl shit, man. Victoria's Secret shit. Secret Love. Spell Ambr romance. The spray The mist. MIT Mist. MIT Mist. That was the stripper favorite and round shit from just the strip. The stripper. That was the stripper favorite from nine seven and on. Yeah. You Pulling your sleeves down. This shit came out. The cleaners nigga. I the fuck This shit was in the cleaner. Nigga. You got bigger. Hey this nigga, Nigga I got bigger. Right. Wonder the fuck y'all got me following y'all cleaners rule and shit like that.

(2m 6s):
This shit. Two x my nigga. Listen, you wearing knock off you. You know what? Wearing, I don't. You know what? That's the knockoff version of what we were talking about earlier. No it's not. That's the knockoff version. It's you try to get away with it and be fly. It's not, it's not, it's not. It's not Thank you, It is not what This hoodie is three Years old. My nigga It is not the knockoff version. It's not the knockoff. They knocked this niggas off. Hey my, hey, why you jumping? You good nigga. Good culture to Neman. Marcus. Look, I got Dr. James You. all right. Stay out. Me and my man business. I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah, but I ain't want you to say wrong shit. That's a fashionable piece. Nah, nah, lemme just, just talk my shit to my man. Alright. All right. If, fuck you man.

(2m 47s):
We got a very special guest here. Leon Thomas is here with us early. How y Leon Thomas Here came to sit with us, man. Yeah. Little on us. I like that. That's fire. So let's act, let's act like we got some home training since home training. At least for 40 minutes. I don't think he wants that for Yeah, that's not what he want, nigga. He from Brooklyn don much. He want the viral shit. Let's go the viral shit. Oh my God. Alright. So lemme see. Lemme see how I'm feeling here, man. Get into my bed. Both hum. Hum a hum. Low weak. Huh? Low weak. Hear Ye, low, weak, long weak. Yeah. You good? I'm great. You look good. Yeah. Thank you. I'm, I'm really good.

(3m 28s):
Long weak. It look like a long week though. I feel it. I feel it. But hey. Hey. Who, Who am I to point the obvious out? You know the elephant in the room is me. So who am I to wipe myself out? I'm cool. Okay. Okay. Whatever. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. But anyway, you can catch me on these days to put in and my piece get days and anyways that I hold this Door. I made It. I told You. Hey my man Chris Green in the building. Chris, you better game a long fucking time man. What? When you gonna retire time running around with nigga Don't So happy.

(4m 23s):
So the first listeners here goes Yeah man. Get everybody in they bag real quick.

(5m 3s):
Yo. Shout out to all y'all. Always doing it for the ladies. Always doing it for the ladies Big Jersey. Anytime. I'm in the building too, by the way. Just so we clear. Yeah. I got the key to Newark. Nigga, mute up when I'm talking. What fucking wrong with you? Number Blocks. Go walking around A number blocks with the kick pass about me on Press Creek the way.

(5m 58s):
There we go. Okay. Okay. Don't look me Crazy. I promise we going now. Mm. Yo you rest In peace. A rest Against stole legend. We lost Cy Clark. Let's go hold that dog down, Baby. I'm what? I'm who? Peace chasing. Why y'all Y See what I gotta see dude. What I gotta do dog fuck life. But keep it true. Every once in a while I break out the backyard, bro and get backless.

(6m 39s):
But I still know That is home. When I get there, I'm gonna sit there, take, do I handle my, I bust my gun and empty the clip. Never. I come home. Gotta go get the I ain't got For the lift. If y'all was an artist and y'all went in the studio and the producer played this beat, y'all would pick it. No. No. Yeah, I don't think so. Wait, what year Vibe Bro. What Year? It is late nineties. I'm saying back then. Back then. Back then. Back then. Back then. Yeah. Could see all Yeah Back then. They body This shit though. Fox. Nah, they body This shit. This shit got crazy.

(7m 20s):
You play with Timbaland if you want back then he bugged out a little bit. Mel. What up? Wake it up. Wake it up. Mel. Yeah. Leon Thomas not Bridges. Wake up. I do love both. Yeah, no I do too. I do too. But still. Aha. Nah. 'cause when he first dropped I didn for sure thought it was Leon Bridges.

(8m 0s):
When people were telling me, oh, Leon Thomas got a new album. I was like My dog. I was just trying a movie Together. Me and Leon. And then he dropped like two weeks after you. Yeah, For sure. No, we do love Leon Bridges up here. For sure. Boy, I'm just teasing Mel. That's an inside joke between Oh, it's an between mal. Between Mel and I. Actually I'll snitch. I'll snitch, I'll snitch. Start with Little what Happened? What happened? No. 'cause I just got a weird call the other day from Mel. Wait, first of all, what episode is this? Seven. Seven six.

(8m 25s):
Welcome to episode 7 76 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by fuel. By Power, by Prize. Prize fits game. I'm your humble, grateful gracious. Happy to be here. Highly favored host Joe Button here with a few really amazing people.

(8m 38s):
To my right. You know a fucking name man. come on. Stop playing with her. Mm. Big Mel. Big Melyssa Ford in the building. Booty. Who Flip is here? Huh? Queens Get the money. Huh? Ish. Here. King Wawa, ISIS here. come on y'all not vibe. Big freeze. Leon Thomas is here. Here. Parks is here. PO is here. Corey is here. Chris Green is here. Jwan is here. Ericsson is here. Tanner and Avon are here by remote. And last but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Ski? Yep. Alright. How's everybody doing? We good? We good? How's everybody? Feeling good. Everybody looking good? You're smelling good. How was your week? How's your text inbox? How's your family doing?

(9m 18s):
How's your friends doing? How are the pets? Are they well fed? How are your businesses going out there? How's the kids? How is everybody? How is every facet of your lives going? Everything is well. Hey, everything is well. Work, work, work. Hey, we doing? All we doing is work. Yeah. Mike, Chad, what's pop? Yeah, wake up. It's the weekend nigga. It is the weekend. I ain't got time for all that. Sory Johnny Gil. Shit. How did your, how did your birthday go? Because you know the, our girls always take our birthdays as their birthday. So I'm assuming you took Sade's birthday as Your birthday. My loan, my, my loan participation in Scorpio season has come to an end.

(10m 1s):
Yeah, right. I did it. You Still got this weekend Man? Yeah, I think I did it well enough to where? Think so I'm off for the year. Oh Shit. You bought That? I'm off. I'm off for that. We had a really good time. She had a amazing birthday. Nice. We was all in love and shit. Aw, nice and love. Meaning we had dinner and like talked. Your post was so we talked so Cute. Yeah. You smoked that This shit. See here y'all go. That shit dope. It was what they about. It was so lovey dovey. Yo. You know what's funny? I see you let me iso for Mel. For Mel. Get your shit off Mel. No, it was, It was. No, no. Gimme your bag. Go ahead. You are a marshmallow. That's what I said on your post though. You are a marshmallow and It is, What does that mean?

(10m 42s):
It's so beautiful to See. I don't get marshmallows. Really? I don't. No I didn. Even by the campfire. Uhm the fuck. Okay. You can't Don don. I go out, I go out there. I go out there and roast about but before it's time to eat 'em I'm fucking Oh okay. Well TM I once I take her out there by the bonfire and we do didn't do that. We don't get to eat them. I'm fucking long before we get to Got it. She go, Hey these are good. Got it. I didn't even know it got to that s'mores. Yummy. I watched some more. I wrote, I wrote marshmallows while trying to beat something down. Not because I think it's cool yo. Oh this tastes good. Oh what a snack.

(11m 24s):
Hell you got more of these anyway. Don't eat that shit. Yeah. What did that mean? I'm a marshmallow. Soft Off on inside. Yeah. Your post was just very It was. It was lovely. It was lovely. Marshmallow Soft on the outside. She saying you pussy. That's true. No, That's That is not it. I get What she lean Sweet. You soft. Let me say this squishy. I will say this that it Mel Easy could lost her whole vocabulary. No, I will say this. That if that's the post for her birthday, I can't wait to see what your vows are gonna sound like. Oh, Shit, Oh, Shit, Oh, Shit. Whoa. Are you always like doing this because I'm the girl here. That was fine. It was a fire post.

(12m 4s):
I'm the girl here. Yeah. Lemme tell you something nice. So I know we joking and I'm trying to shut up to get y'all the runway to get y'all jokes off. 'cause I understand the game. The gig is the gig. But Mad men in my life text me or called me about that pose in support but not, not laughing like or in support. Yes, I'm talking man. Man, men called and said Yo dogs, you did that once a pen, always a pen, bro. That show's fire. You. I, I forgot you was a mc but you started naming some mother niggas, a couple niggas. When y'all get to writing some shit, niggas hit me like I'm stealing some of that.

(12m 43s):
That show fire. Yo. That's fly the fucking Love, Out, Loud that, all of that. All of that shit. Looking at you now. So I totally understand it. I was in Apple, I was in the Apple store. We was running around as I was trying to get in my bag. I start writing This shit in Apple. Start tearing up a little bit back, back there by the Genius bar. Of course I can't even get enough alone Time to cry in the Apple store in peace. Now you gotta take pictures. I sent you up thick stupid ass to the front. 'cause you getting an iPhone. He and I digger walk her to the back. I'm trying to cry back there by the headphones. Wipe my eyes babe. Babe, sit with me.

(13m 29s):
Leave me the fuck alone and let me cry. So I cried in the Apple store. She cried reading it. It was cool man. That was fire. Yeah, that was nice man. And it made me think, man, listen, I don't know what impression I give off up here, but I'm with all of that. Love. Out. Loud. I see you remixing the LOL too. I see what you're doing there. Remixing. LOL. Love. Out. Loud. Yeah. LOL. Love. Out. Loud Love. Out Loud. You always try. I'm with all, I'm with all of that. They're trying to remix some shit. Right. I'm with all this. I forgot how Ill I was when I was in my romance bag. Like I bought the card, found a pen in my house, started writing in it like yo.

(14m 9s):
And I go, what? I'm the man at like writing some mushy shit in the card. Are you kidding me? I see how my jersey is up there. I used, I don't play boy. So yeah, it was nice. It was nice. Dinner was nice. We went out after it. That was nice. Everything was nice. Everything was just nice. She had a great time. Happy Birthday again. Happy birthday Shout Happy birthday. Shaday. Yeah. Happy Happy. Birthday Christmas. Valentine's Day. Mother's Day. Mother's Day. Girlfriend Day. Girlfriend Day. Sweetest day. Sweetest day. Your next birthday. Yeah. Is that Rose Tower kind of part of the celebration? No, that was me trying to be festive in here.

(14m 50s):
Christmas. That's a Christmas tree made with roses. You are white as hell. It's not a rose tower. I thought it was a rose. Rose Thank. you. That's White. The white people thought that I'm black. Did You Think it was a s? that was a Christmas. That's a Christmas tree. Made a Christmas rose Roses. It's lovely. I just thought that because It is Christmas. You niggas are fucking heathens. Yes. It is Christmas treaty. What is that? The the ones that last like a year. The ones that have been treated the less. They're fake now. Oh. I didn't go over and touch it. The shit's look, they looked that good. I thought they were real Thank. you. They look real. Did you think they were real? They look real. I thought They was. I'll judge you the same. All y'all thought that was real. No. Got it. I thought you, you know I just, I just Why is that?

(15m 32s):
Why is that a judgment? A Christmas tree with roses? I guess we don't know what real flowers look like. Okay. They look real. They just look really Real. My bad And nice. That nigga Fuck. that fucker Can't accept a compliment. Fuck Yeah. Word. But we happy that you had a great time. Thank. you. We happy. We happy. Shaday had a great time. I didn't have such a good time. I'm not good to pocket watching you. So what you did, I'm proud of you. I'm happy for you for the, for the first time during my pocket watching segment, I, I analyze it and I was proud. I read it. It touched me too. It made me wanna step my shit up a little more. Like I gotta I gotta say some fly shit. 'cause these people be seeing This shit and my nigga get This shit off. And I was, it was just a, it was just all jokes aside.

(16m 12s):
It was a wholesome moment. I think that she deserved it. I think that you deserve and I and that, that, that shit messed up to me man. So salute to you. Aw Thank you. But I have a problem with Ish. I knew the butt was coming. Yeah. I got a problem with you my man. Can I get my shit off Please? But before you do, I just wanna say I can't take all the credit from my lovely post. I was inspired by ICE's. Lovely post that he did when I read it. Oh you bitch your shit a Little bit. Hey listen man. Yeah. 'cause ice, ice post was girl you strong as hell. That that's what My post are. Girl you love girl. I put you through the ring.

(16m 54s):
We fight. I forgot ain't Mike and Jake. Paul won't be the only niggas ing the day. Alright. So that was, so that was the first, but that was the first Draft of my bowls. Like, oh girl, you Scorpios are strong. Oh, you been through something. Women don't like that though. They don't like that. No. Yeah, women Don't. Like I learned that like when I used to write things to my wife and I talk about, yo, we've been through a lot, all the fights and stuff at See Scorpios won't Break. They don't like that girl. I, I can't picture you being the most poetic in Nigga. I'm a poetic king nigga. Oh my bad.

(17m 34s):
Flip rap. Yeah, I'm a poetic king. But crazy. My, that's the first time about my wife had an issue with that. Like, yo, why you keep, because You can't do that. Talking about all you doing is rehashing the old memories. You keep talking about the stuff that we went through. We got past it niggas for 15 years. You be proud nigga. Yeah, I am. They don't Get that side. They want to get past it privately. Like don't tell the world that we got past it. Listen, When you listen, I'm not these niggas, when you have, when you have issues or when you were younger and you had issues and you handled things a little bit different when a long period of time passed and you don't handle it the same way. I'm proud. I don't give a fuck what she said. I'm with you. I am, she's proud of it man. Proud of, you know. So she don't, so I guess they don't wanna rehash the the the, but you gotta, you gotta know where you come from in order to know where you're going.

(18m 18s):
That's me. I agree. So Well said. Well said. Clap it up for that man. Yeah. That's Really what It is. Maturity. Yeah. That's you Flip spear. Nah, shit. I bad About that Polish shit, man. Yeah, I Thought you was getting An m I'm about to Didn't you didn't know I was cuddly. No, I knew that. Look, look Damn, I'm coming. I did know of that. But you know like, like a lot of people said they forgot that you had the gift of the pen and you reminded everybody. Well and that I'm cuddly. I'm cuddly. We know you're cuddly though. I just have this, she didn't, that's why she calls her marshmallow heart exterior. I'm working on it.

(18m 60s):
Even when I listen back to the pub, my voice be sounding like I believe most the shit I say, I want to change that. Like I be saying like I'm convinced. No, like I wanted, I wanted to chill man. My blood pressure. Yeah. Anyway. Ish Ish. What's going on man? Yeah. One, one of my, one of my homegirls says she, she met you and she was thoroughly impressed by how, you know, cool. You were, you had manners. You, you smiled. I don't know. I don't know what the all that shit is about. But you don't fuck with smiling. No. When, when, when, when she was telling me that I supposed to Be rude To your peoples. I, well she was telling me that I became possessive. Did you know that it was his peoples? No. Did you know who? Yeah. She introduced herself. You I'm flip I became possessive in it. And then I started calling her every day again.

(19m 42s):
Like, yo, hey best friend, like you ain't gonna be cool with this nigga. Meet this nigga now he's your favorite on the podcast and he's your favorite person to meet. Nigga I'm your friend. And I haven't spoke to that man long. She yo, I saw Ish. I met Ish. He's a nice guy. I'm proud of you. She hit me with all that. Then I said I read it, I just sort of like, well then I start responding back to back too. Like when the bubble was there I started writing, yo, you where you at? Let's hang out and shit. She was like, yeah he was man cool and shit like that. The guys are wonderful. I would love to come up there and shit come up where? Who? Sure. You come up there through me. He not through my man Oh, Shit shit. I don't like shit like that. And not even, And not even. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And not even just so It's clear. Hold on, hold, hold On, hold on.

(20m 23s):
Me and you back on our shit. We back on our shit so I could bring them, bring them. I could bring them up here. Oh Great. That segues right through the one question I have throughout this whole ordeal. Got you. Scale of one to 10. How's this girl look? Very important. Question nine. Oh Shit to me. Oh Shit. Damn. Don't y'all kinzie. Yo, that was crazy. Like she like an eight She ain. Okay, so she oh you made it sound like she was about to be a four was like so very attractive lady. She yeah, she was attractive. She was cool though. Like she was like a like that's even more important. Right. She was like, like when I started talking to her, she was like a dude so that, you know, we fuck with guys. Forgot she was even attractive. That is dope. She was like a dude.

(21m 3s):
I don't like that shit. I was a lot of pretty Airhead. She Was like, don, don a nigga. don. I don't wanna mix friends. Like I want to keep my friends group separate. Nigga, I don't want you to know that nigga. I know. I don't want you to know him. Okay. Because he goes here on the bigger scale. Like they tolerate my, this is my thing. They tolerate my nonsense. That's why the only person I'm comfortable with is Joe. Because when I bring you around my man, he show y'all a good time and that what looks good on me. But a nigga like this light-skinned bandit. Nah, Nah, he eat the same thing. I about say he. Oh, don, no. I gotta, Well no he might not buy the calamari. Oh Shit Oh Shit. Buy Buy he buy, he gonna buy. It is The type of nigga throw me back too.

(21m 43s):
They his friends now they woke like, they not gonna say hi to me if I'm went, Hey Ish, you gonna hug him first. Like shit like that. I wanna avoid all that shit. Thank. you my friend. Now I'm back, I'm back, I'm back. You don't fuck with friends dealers. Nah, hell friends dealer. Dude. I'm back in the front pocket every day tell you good morning, you good. I haven't spoken to the girl, I don't give a fuck. I'm Avoiding It. Look at jealousy, boy. Yo, that's crazy. I'm an eight. I don't like that shit. Yeah, but it's still nice when an eight, nine just introduced themselves to you out the blue and know somebody, you know? True. Yeah. And sit, converse, speak to that. Sit Converse for while she's like a, she's like a dude, like, and no sit Converse for, for a while. That's true. That's fine. She could talk. She's not a, she got a Airhead Eight. Not at all. Mad cool.

(22m 25s):
Now you speak to it nigga. What's your point? Go ahead. What'd you say? You know, I can't speak to it. Why? I'm not as talkative as you're the best podcast in the world. I'm not No, I'm talking about Person, Talking about in real life outside here. I'm not as talkative In real life. When, when y'all say that. Right. When I see him Now y so to say ice, first Ice when I, when I've been outside with her, he, he's not talkative. Yeah. I So when y'all say that, are y'all basing it off like Oh Shit just be talking. Yes. Oh, talking nigga In action. Paul. See Being talkative. I don Don know Y'all better update the the button. He been saying that for a while. Again. Y if this new shit, this new shit. I know.

(23m 5s):
Talkative the old Joe. He talkative Both of 'em crying in a few minutes off talking. That's it. That's it. Then The thumb comes out. That's it. So, well the thumb is different. That's when you're talking No, that's, that's a move. That's definitely a Move. The move is there when talking is happening. I know, I'm just talking about one a day friends while I'm out, coming up to me saying, Hey, oh hell no such and such. No, no, You would just have this. No, no No, You Don how She look? No, no, no, no. He's not talking. Not at all. Bye. He's not talking. That's different. That fine shit don't work on me.

(23m 47s):
If he out somewhere and somebody just come up and say, oh I I know Ish, I know Ice. Thanks. Nah, that good for you? It depends not talking outside. No, it do not depend. Ish. Yo, when you came in, when that was like two years ago I think when you came in like, yo, I was at a a cookout and the girl said that she was your ex-girlfriend from high school. Oh yeah, I remember that. Yes. He went to The, I was at Maddie's family's house. But I'm saying that a girl came up to you. She didn't come up to me. We at her family's house. It was her family's, it was just her family there. You mess with Haitians at the time. Oh Shit. That was Mandy's family. Cookout. I, I know, I know where it was.

(24m 28s):
I wasn't even getting into all of that. But I'm, yes, I'm talking. If I go to my friend's family cookout and one of her homegirls come up to you and start talking about Ish. If you're in a home, Ish, I think that's a little different. If you in the mall, let's say you are the mall and a girl, just walk up and say, yo, I know Ish. What was just saying. I know Flip. I don't see him having that conversation. I'm like, man, we was already talking in the kitchen, the family in the kitchen talking. And in the middle of the talk she said, oh, snap fact. That's not the same. Okay. Trying to pay. I'm not, I'm just, I'm polite to any of my friends', friends Thank you like, that's just who I am. Especially if she's a I know many have asked you to stop.

(25m 9s):
I Think that's, I think that's what Flip is saying now. I'm not gonna be an asshole of about people's people. Nah, I understand that gentlemen. But gentlemen, that's for sure. Like you said, especially the dead ass. Yeah. Right. You can't come on man. Could be a four and I'm gonna be me. Well the four you make a little four. I don't care. Be friends with four. The four four be friends. Yeah. Be friends with the four. You know they need the coverage. Oh Shit confidence bro. Yo, Some Fucking idiot. That's the problem. When you've been with your girl or partner a really long time, you can't get off the, Hey, I've been, I know her. Mm. Cannot. I been knew her. You cannot. Nah. That's my friend. Can't.

(25m 49s):
Nah. Why you can't get off? You can't. But she'd be like, How do I not know her? Yeah. Why am I just now hearing about her now how your people for this long yet, she never Crossed paths. You said her name before. But it also depends on your relationship, right? If if your, if your family, if your significant other secludes herself from your, from your life or profession. I could mean anybody anytime. I don't even understand that. I don't understand that. You can't can can you can either of y'all significant others? No, y'all can't. What are you talking about? Hold on, hold on. I can Go to a listening party and meet somebody. Introduce and meet someone. My wife doesn't know who I met or have to know who the lady is. Party. And then you carry On like a 15 year friendship with that person and your wife never know, knows And you never woke them up.

(26m 33s):
And then out 15 years later, It is How Y nigga bring friends around y'all family. I don't even say or even like the mere mention, I think y'all on two separate pages. Okay. I must so I'm sorry. Okay. I must be able to, yeah. What were you saying? I was saying that it's girls that I've known for 20 years that my girl don't know. Has she heard name say name or anything? Maybe not y'all. Y'all, y'all are close. That's not what we're talking. That's what I'm saying. I ain't, that's I'm saying what y meant. Are y'all close? That's not what we're talking. You haven't been with your girl for 20 years. I No, but had you been with your girl for 20 years, that would not fly. Why not? Nah. That would fly. I Don't think so. Yeah, Nigga, you your Girl. Don't gotta meet everybody. I I've been with. So you said you can be with your girl for 20 years and have a friend for 20 years and it's never come up and now 20 years old. I didn.

(27m 13s):
And now 20 years later you saying Oh yeah, It is my home girl. I she she's been my people for 20 years. Yes. I've done that've been with my wife for 10 years and I've got friends from high school or whatever. That was 20 years ago. And they haven't met because they live in fucking California. They Or whatever It is Y'all. And there's levels of, I mean not like close, close, but we still talk. No, it's it's some girls that I'm close with that my girl never met. And there's levels of friendship too. Okay. Yeah. Y'all Got it. Yeah, absolutely. There there's one little piece here. And this is no, no attacks at nobody. Y'all ain't dating black women. That ain't flying. Yo. Hold up. I yo eyes Talking about these two. It's not flying the ice.

(27m 53s):
It's not flying ice. Your ice that see You just Shot the elephant, the room. That's not an elephant. I've dated black girls my entire life. Ice. I've been the same way my entire life. Okay. Every black girl ain't the same. I'm every black girl ain't insecure or jealous or any of the other shit that every everybody different ice. I'm with em. Ice. Why would you say some shit like that? That's nice. Ice. Okay. Niggas dated Black women before, bro. I didn. I, that's not what I just said. It could be the reason why you don't now that don't prove it to me. Wait, What you, what do you mean? Just because you've dated black women before, your experience could lead to why you don't date them now. Yes. That goes with anything. That's For life.

(28m 35s):
Y'all making it awkward. Yeah, I'm, I'm I'm mu up. You keep it pushing. Yeah. I'm I'm muting up. What can We talk about? That's not awkward. How y'all feel about the Gillian Wallo shit. Talking to Kodak real quick. Did I just want to throw that out real quick before we start talking about Mike Tyson. Anything else I heard about it. I ain't, I ain't see it. I Watched it. Mixed motions I guess. I think It is dope. I think that once you introduce like the content piece, it becomes Not real almost performative. A little bit Mean. Yeah. Potentially. But I think ultimately it's a dope conversation To get. I think Wallo, I think Wall's intentions are always in the right place when it comes to these things. Yeah. He Has history of of it. Right. I see the jokes going around where it's like usually once he talk to you, but it jokes to be made. Yeah. It is, once Wallo show up, that's, that's like a reaper.

(29m 18s):
It's it's like getting the key to the city. Yeah. That's like you got 24 hours to live. Just think when Wallo Wallo is old for 99 in these talks. So I'm with the jokes. Yeah. Just jokes. I also do believe that Wallo has enough equity built up to where as he's genuine I do think you can be genuine and performative. Yeah. Like I, it feels the Dirk, the Dirk one to me, Dirk stopped by the pod. Wallo had that talk. Young Thug stopped by the pod. Wallo had the talk. Anytime I've seen him have this talk, they stop by the pod.

(30m 2s):
Them going to you. Well they, they throwing on the dirt one. I think they went to dirt Throwing on the labs. Yeah. No, but it was on their pod. It was still a podcast. Yeah, but was podcast that was out there though. It was on po it was pod it was still on their pod podcast. I get it. As opposed to being like outside as opposed to just independent piece. Gotcha. Yeah, we're in The parking lot. Throw these labs on. Lemme Now I'm, I'm I'm now a piece may be coming from this. Right. Maybe they did a, a sit down. I don't know. But all we saw so far is this standalone piece. And listen, I don't have, I I'm not knocking, I'm really glad that we have Gillian Waller to go do that or whether it's performative or not. The somebody needed to do it.

(30m 42s):
Yeah. It needs to continue to do it by the way. I like that role. I like that role for them. Yeah. And who better, you know what I'm saying? Like that's, I think Waller's the perfect person because a lot of times people don't want to hear it when it's coming from somebody. 'cause like you didn't live this or you, you don't really know what you're talking about. You can't say none of that to Wallo nor Gilly who lost son nor Gilly. I'm sorry but nor Gilly. But you can't, you can't say that to them. They are every, I, I can speak to y'all. Like when they say they're the voice of the trenches, they say that for a reason and I ain't gonna front man. When, when we was all watching whatever fight that was and the fight almost broke out between all 'em niggas in the crowd. That was that was wallowing them.

(31m 23s):
Yeah. In there trying to diffuse things. So, but the joke's gonna fly. Yeah. Yeah. And do you y'all think that Kodak actually Listen That's the problem. That's the real problem. A lot of times these younger dude are not going to listen. Me and me and j won, were having a conversation earlier about that. You just, it's a different world. So it's like, yeah I hear you, but you don't know what It is like out here today. Your time was your time, so you're speaking, you can't speak to whatever It is that's happening right now. 'cause it's just not your world. And that's just a young mentality. We've gotten game, I've gotten game from older people in my family and, and just homies that later on down the line you be like, damn, such and such was saying that.

(32m 11s):
And then it might click years later, but in that moment it's like, bro, you, I'm, I'm whatever age and you 20, 25 years older than me, you don't know what's going on right now. Like shut up. I ain't trying to hear it. And when you young, not saying Kodak is that young, but a lot of the young, young ones, you think this, you know everything. That's it. Can't nobody older than me tell me nothing. Even though they live through it, that's it. Yeah. That's, that's the killer piece to me. Like it's, it every, all of us. I'm sure I can't, I ain't grow up with everybody in here, but all of us I'm sure had an older person telling you the dos and the don'ts and yo where they fucked up and they telling you from experience and you just thinking, yo, you, you made that left. Yep. I ain't gonna make that left.

(32m 51s):
You know what I'm saying? Like everybody like that's why drugs. Like I ain't really never really fuck with drugs like that when I was young because I saw what it did to other people. A lot of people try drugs for the first time thinking that it ain't gonna do that to me. I got hooked. You get what I'm saying? And and it was that once they had that shit a couple times it was over. I think it's It is, It is a similar situation. Like a lot of times you be in the street, you smarter than everybody. You could do it better, you could do it different and it's not going to get me. And I think that's what happens. But you gotta salute them niggas for trying to steer 'em for on the right path. For sure. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. Still need it. Yeah. I think that's the bottom line. Shout to Gilli. Wallo shout to Kodak as well. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And now to go back to our earlier topic that made it all awkward and weird but I just thought a little more, there is a such thing as doing too much with your friend while you in a relationship.

(33m 41s):
There is. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. So we can like I think it's a certain advance that combo that we was trying to have about friends or who, when you know him and who you know him really if you in a long term thing, do it matter when you met 'em there is a such thing as all right now you're doing too much with your friend. That's especially when it's ly sex. Absolutely. Yes. Absolutely. I agree with that. No that's true. Okay. Okay. Just checking. Just I gotta I, gotta I gotta figure out. Yeah but like not knowing them like I could know a million, I know a million people. I've been off the point since I was a child. Not just knowing it's the, the being close to I, I've been close to a lot of people. I might not have seen them in seven, eight years but when I rekindled with them it's like we never missed a beat.

(34m 23s):
And there girls that I never had sex with, I never kissed, I never nothing. And they was on some like real sister shit. Like they was like on my sister shit for 7, 8, 9, 10 years and they might have moved away, whatever the case may be. And you lost that thing with them. They might move in town, you might see 'em in the mall, whatever the case may be and you could pick up right where you left off. See I think there's a cap on that close, close friendship shit when you in the long term or we had as close no more. Yeah no part. I'm talking about when you, the person that moved away, you know they moved to LA or some shit like that, y'all might not be as close. That's still your peoples whenever y'all link back up it's like no time was ever lost but in that time apart y'all might not be as close.

(35m 5s):
I'm talking about when they say yo, this been my like my other half my my ride or die for years. And then your significant other's like okay if you're this close to this person for this long And I don't know anything About them, you ain't never Mentioned them. Right. I've never heard on the phone like it's weird nothing where yo It is my homegirl such and such. Like it it, it seems like this might be a some bullshit. They might not, they might not believe it as much because it's like you just bringing a person up. I think that's an insecurity thing. Me personally, No it's not an insecurity thing. It's like a, it's assurance. If I'm telling you and you trust your man that I've known this girl for 15 years and this used to be my, my nigga my ace.

(35m 46s):
Like this was my peoples. You might have never heard of them but when they come back around I think that you should trust your significant other to be telling the truth. I don't think that you should think that this person is plotting or this person is scheming or they doing something sneaky. I think that if you really love your man or you really love your girl, you going believe what they telling you. I will Say this though, while all That is true, I also wouldn't put my wife in a position to feel uncomfortable by doing some like no I mean that's a whole different, you're going out to, that's a whole different thing. Staying out la doing some whole You know what I mean. That's whole. We said introducing a person to your, your girl like that going out. Shit is something different. Yeah I'm talking about yo this is my people. She, this is my strong peoples. You ain't have to necessarily hear of them.

(36m 28s):
You might only be six years in. I might have known this pimp was close with this person 10 years ago and they left the That's Joe was saying like long term relationships. He's, I don't I think that you were talking past six years, right? Six years is a long time. Six years is long term. That's long term. Okay. Five years is long term. Four years is long. Four years today. Yeah I think It starts at three. Okay. I'm cheating on you three. That's not long enough for me to not cheat. Sorry. Sorry. Okay. That is a really nice Christmas tree. Yo. And then you gonna say yo dog, they be believing what I said. Look at how you just said it nigga. Look at your face now I'm cheating on year three. Sorry.

(37m 8s):
I mean that may just be podding year one and two. I'm cheating for sure. You gotta establish yourself and I. gotta make sure I gotta gotta work through some shit. I. gotta see if it's real. See how you walk through diversity. I gotta, well flip in all these fights and all doing are you built for this? Niggas gotta see how much you can take. You what I'm saying. You get on, you know they built no turbulence they built to survive. Yeah. Four top, top four top old school Ford Square ones. Yeah you gotta drive 1996. Just Drive the car fast. Yeah The square offroad the square kid offroad shit.

(37m 49s):
This nigga is stupid yo. Oh yeah. Anytime you want to not work here I'll sign the paper. No I understand it. I'm listening to, I'm hearing them through the male gaze. I'm just saying don't start that. Why them? Them? Yes through the male gaze. It is tough. Yo It is gotta be tough on women. Amani, they on the internet calling you thin diesel Oh Shit Oh Shit. I seen that shit cool. And it was, it's true a little bit like you resembled the nigga like but thin like without the say thin diesel creatine without the thin diesel.

(38m 30s):
Thin diesel fucking nuts. That's funny. That's funny. The fuck Said that bro. These niggas That Is nothing. come on me Funny. Yo Creative man. Funny. Oh Man y'all wanna get into some of this Tyson shit. Speaking of diesel. Hey yo, He's diesel. Hey yo, I pay the fee. All right. Mike Tyson versus Jake Paul happened last night but we are recording before it happened so we're speculating and forecasting. Indeed. Yes. Who does everyone have and why? I got Jake Paul. My heart is all Mike Mines too. My Brain is probably Jake Paul from a business standpoint.

(39m 12s):
I got Jake Paul. I think they're gonna make This shit a draw so they can try to do This shit two or three times and draw this bitch out. And don't tell me he's in your heart again. Room for Mike though. But. yeah. In your heart. Yeah, of course In my heart. In my heart. Turn from the bottom of my heart. Once he, once he flashes the old mike Mount Draw. So draw for the rematch. Yeah, I think you get a rematch either way no matter what. Yeah, that may be true case if they, if they're doing money grab shit. That may be true. Now I'm thinking Mike beats him for the draw. Tell your heart if you, if you, if your heart, if you gonna pitch the draw. 'cause I think that if Mike loses there is no rematch. I think that if you want to be Atch it, it depends how he lose.

(39m 53s):
Mike has to win. I got controversy. It depends how he lose. It's possible If he put up a great fight and then he just get a lucky shot in, then I can see a rematch. If he's dogging Mike Tyson through the whole thing, nah, What's the controversy? It could be something. It's like Mike ignoring a in the round bell. Keep going. Yeah, keep going. Hurting something can't continue and then build on. Yeah something tax the rep something gets a little something get a little outta hand on Mike's side and it's going to cancel the fight on Stop the fight And then that'll lead, lead up for a rematch. And you think and you think that's gonna be planned. Yes. That'll lead to the Netflix producer running out there.

(40m 34s):
Running out there to stop stop whatever's going on. Tell you I 100% think this fight is is script Vince McMahon wwc script. Same 1000%. I think the outcome is already determined. I think this is just entertainment at this point. Hold on, on the show and let's go. How and and See this is the problem Jake Paul has though because you guys keep putting him in that box even though he started like that, like in that box as far as not taking him serious or taking what he does serious. This is the problem. This is why he, he wants to keep going and going and fight everyone because he's ki Everyti every time he's associated with a fight, people are thinking that it's set up. It's it's it's a skit or it's WE You know what I mean and it's It is It is It is not.

(41m 15s):
No It is It is not not, no, it's Not true. I think It is, I think he's taking it serious but I think he's not gonna be taken serious until he gets like fighting a 58-year-old. Mike Tyson ain't gonna get him to take you serious, but he done knocked out some other motherfuckers that were 58 years old. He He ain fought no fighters, no He ain fought no fighters with this So Well and that stop with it 'cause believe what you wanna believe. That's but I don't believe that they're gearing him up to be a professional fighter and enroll him in whatever weight class and he go on about So you think the whole thing lemme just Get this straight. It's too much money. It's too much. I was Say I don don know if it would behoove them financially to become Yeah, Why not? Why, why, why You're Not even the same drawer.

(41m 55s):
That's not true. He's Right. He's not. Well that shit not the game no more. The game has changed. Did they say he's Getting like 40 million for This shit? Like something like that? I don't think that he would get that at a a No he would not. Yeah. Probably nowhere near. But the fans that's watching for Jake Paul will still come and and funnel over from wherever, wherever they watched him for initially from the YouTube world. That's, that's why he's a draw. He's bringing different eyes. A younger generation, not a Boxing boxing Draw. Yes. Not a purist to the sport. A boxer box. Exactly. Draw Anytime that entertaining Aspect of boxing. Yes, But he was boxing for real. Anytime that he boxed people were watching, they saw the numbers. That's why Netflix went to them. He did it on his own and Netflix went to them because the numbers that they bring.

(42m 35s):
I Know I didn, same thing. Floyd and Logan And Paul. I didn't see Netflix go to Triple gt. I didn't seen Netflix go to Canelo go, no, you ain't seen Netflix. Go get Canelo. You ain't seen Netflix Go get Shakur, you ain't Netflix. Go get Tank. If anything Netflix should go pick up Tank. Tank is the biggest draw boxing right now. Ta-da. Well No, there's no doubt about It. is he in the sport of Boxing and just cancel the fight because again, In the, in the sport of boxing it's tank, it's not even a question. No tank is the demand. Now when you start talking to promotion and the entertainment side of the, the exhibition boxing and that shit like that. So You, you, you, you, you don't think that he could, they could mix the two. They are mixing the two. They can That's what they're saying.

(43m 15s):
It is just, it's just not a professional boxing match. If he was to be, if so, if, if if, if Jake Paul was to fight an actual boxer in his weight class, you you saying that it, he won't get the views and the numbers and the pay-per-view the same. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. No, doesn't Make sense. The niggas that he was fighting, I didn't know some of them niggas and a lot of people were watching it. I purchased some of them shits. So have I and none of them have been fighters and Listen and listen to this Real, that's not, they've been retired fighters. Niggas that did MMA retired And we still watched basic because he Is a drawer. We just arguing drawer. He's a drawer. No, But the boxing Purists didn't watch that fight today. The Boxing purist is not gonna watch that fight.

(43m 56s):
He ain't working his way to a belt. No. Hey, I don't know that it would behoove him and the I don't think they're in business with it. I don't think it would, don't Agree. But we can move on. I don't agree. There's big money in exhibition boxing. Absolutely. Clearly that's, that's the game now. Yes. You see Floyd done retired Floyd like, yo, I I went out undefeated. I don't ever have to have a professional fight again. I can crack them over the head every time I feel like it with an exhibition fight for 30 or $40 million over and over and over again. Yes. Or I go over here where I'm, it's a professional license fight and all of that shit. And I'm not making the same money. I'm at the age where I just bring race into everything.

(44m 38s):
Now I haven't turned into my dad. Boy, I used to hate when he did that, but that's the age I'm in. So I can't think about this fight without being racial. I don't understand. What do you mean if Jake Paul beats Mike Tyson and that sets us back 500 years as a people. God, Mike Tyson is black. Excellence is one of our most famous prolific blacks. It's one of our most known beloved blacks. Culturally we don't need fucking this, this white boy. I agree with that. Coming to make Mike Tyson look boy. Especially if he makes him look bad. Especially right now. See that's different from Buster Douglas doing and that's why I say wrestling. 'cause in wrestling that happens, you have the, somebody basically passed the torch or, or put you over.

(45m 24s):
It is called That is that happens where you are at the end of your run and you are gonna pass the torch to the, the guy that's gonna put whatever this is on his back for the next 10 years to apples or oranges for us. But I'm just, I get it. Yeah. Because in wrestling everybody agrees to be a wrestler. Everybody. Yeah. If you are familiar with Mike Tyson's story No, true. I have been beating people up since I was eight years old. I have been fighting for food, for fighting to live knocking on man at 14. I had a real anger management issue and I was a beast. Right. So he he fuck around and getting that ring and forget the script. He fuck around getting there and say, Fuck that money, fuck your rules getting hit too hard.

(46m 8s):
I'm fucking him up. Or he plays the game. Like, or Mike is sitting here, I understand all this. I'm a businessman. I'm gonna come in here, I'm gonna do this at the press conference. I'm gonna sell the fuck out this fight and we gonna go make a shit ton of money ride off into the sunset. I think that's what's happening. And I feel, I felt safer. I felt more secure When before they changed the rules, when it was exhibition rules, they no knock down, no such and such. I don't have the updated rules, but they changed the rules. See I think all that's part of the work. Yeah. To build more hype. Yeah. I think they needed more viewers or, or let's the rules not needed. Want get more. Because again, when we think Mike Tyson, we think knockout quick.

(46m 47s):
That's what we think. Yeah. So if that's off the board, if he bite his ear off, I'm my money, I got my money's worth. I don't see that happen. I got my Netflix, Netflix worth. But look, if, if, if Knockouts promotes I shit is all right. If Knockouts and Knockdowns is off the board, it's not. What are we watching for Mike Tyson for Mem and his dick? I'm watching to see something that I don't normally see. I want something strange to happen. Yeah. Like when we was watching that shit in the nineties in the nigga flew in with the the stupid Yeah, with the parachute. Yeah. Your white people think they could just do what the fuck they want. It's gonna fly down in the middle of the shit.

(47m 28s):
Can't fly in the middle of the ring in a balloon idiot. I wanna see something like that. I get you. I'm just saying that this is, this is all, all every Super Bowl. Some white nigga run out. Ah, I be home he my chips and shit. Like look, see, see new shit now about, they about to tackle This shit out this nigga watch he be, he be busting security ass into one of them. Players say, all right, let me show you want a field watch this. Nah. Yeah. Players fucking, they don't play that. The players, the players in sports and the wrestlers. When you go in the ring they start fucking the fans up in here. come on. Yes. Listen, when I interviewed Mike in the city, shit that's bad funny. He swung on me playing and I almost hit the ground. That shit playing cut through the wind felt that wind right.

(48m 10s):
I felt the wind to gush right. Right through my face. Also that fist got close to my face in, in no time. Felt the fear of God. Speed of light right there. Pow. Well no, 'cause I know he, he playing, he don't even mean that. He wasn't even in boxing shit. No, they got enough control too to control that shit. Yeah. See if I'm in the hookah spot and Jake Paul get up Whiling, I'm getting up to fight if I'm in the hookah spot and Mike Tyson starts whiling, I'm going to the car, I'm going to the car. I was in la I was in LA when Mike had first got his face tattoo whatever year that was. But that was the year I just started moving around. So it must have been oh one or 2000 or something like that.

(48m 50s):
I don't remember. And he was in one of them LA restaurants and my first time in LA or one of 'em. So I don't, didn't know where I was at. And he started bugging in there and it wasn't nothing, nobody on the whole strip could do to stop him. You just had to wait until he finished, until he calm down. Police would be like, Mike, Mike, come on Mike juggernaut dog juggernaut. Yeah, that's exactly what I was gonna call him. Literally the, the police would be like, Mike, come on You. right. Big guy like yo dog It is and that sets and listen y'all young niggas on the internet talking about Yeah but he's 60 years old now that I'm 44. I'll tell you a six, a insha 60 ain't so far. It ain't, it ain't what you think like a 60-year-old that's in world class athlete muscle memory kick said no, that's what I was about.

(49m 39s):
That ain't to say that's what I was about to say. A 60-year-old e 60-year-old Mike Tyson in shape is probably more deadly than most 30 5-year-old niggas walking around the street For sure. Absolutely. By far. I seen a little video to him. S sparring and shit bro. And he still looks fast. I wouldn't with pad on his hands, I'm like nah, Mike swinging. This nigga like, this nigga fits right here. He nah, he about to do that shit for custom motto tonight about I. hope he about to do what? Rocky Trainer that died. What was Rocky Trainer name? The old nigga? Mick, Mick. Mickey. Mick. Yo Mickey. Yo. Busting for Apollo Creed. Right. Yo. Yeah, he I. hope he doing it for Mick tonight.

(50m 20s):
I. hope so. He slapped Jake Paul though slapped him right in face. I mean Jake Paul was promo sell it man. He sell fight. I gotta sell it. It. I think Mike was upset that he really crawled and shit and stepped on the foot. He selling it man. Selling the fight. That's an insult man. All right, so this is Corey gives me all the Jake Paul fights. Wait, wait. Before Anderson S Silver? Yeah. Oh yeah. That's when Anderson Silva took that bag because who in the world believed that Jake Paul can beat Anderson. s like what are We talk in boxing? In anything. In anything. In anything. Alright. That's your opinion. I'm not trying to take it from you. I don't believe that I was outside for all of Anderson s. Silver and outside of fucking John Jones.

(51m 0s):
No, I don't believe that. Jake Paul is whipping Anderson Silva. But we got here. Mike Perry, TKO six Round, Ryan Borland, Andre, August, all these are wins. Nate Diaz, he lost to Tommy Fury Dub Anson Silva. Tyrone Woodley, twice. Dub Ben Asin Dub. Nate Robinson Dub. Ali Esson, Gibb Dub. See back to our conversation when you're trying to box for real, Nate Robinson's not gonna be on your list. True. That was early. That was early. I don't give a fuck when it was. I don't care when it was. Nate Robinson won't appear on your resume if you're trying to be a boxer. Like we don't have to argue everything. Yeah, no I, I'm not disagreeing. Are y'all gonna watch this inside or outside?

(51m 43s):
Inside. Inside, inside, inside, inside. For sure. Y'all welcome to come over if you want. Outside of what? Outside. Outside in the street, nigga in the streets. Oh you orange? Yeah. Oh. Thought you meant like outside. Nigga Winter here, winter is here. Shit is real outside. Winter is here. Heat on the crew This. shit different. I was trying to thug it out. No heat last night was different. No. Yeah. Got up. That shit said, that shit said feels like 26. I said okay enough. Y'all win. Yeah, it had to get that cold for you to cut the heat on. Nah, I'm just, when you wake up and see that. Oh I was about to be like whoa. The night before it didn't say that shit was real. That shit dropped. Young New Yorkers have gotten spoiled with this weather shit.

(52m 23s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah for sure. I looked and nigga we old shit. Get in your bones when you was a kid walking to school. It could be 27 degrees. You out there playing with your niggas. I was outside last night talking to my man. I, I was in western jersey. It was colder than, I'm like yo dog call me like yo, I'm outta here. War talking call me like yo, holler at me my nigga. I'm gone like This. shit is different. It is remote start degrees to talks like to talk fam because you recluse attacked. You keep questioning. You have to get attacked. No, no I don't think it's 'cause I'm a recluse. Right. No, you talk more than regular than Yeah you talk.

(53m 4s):
It ain't more than people that like I'm you talk more. You talk way more than me. I'm not a reuse either. Whatever y'all say. So he likes to talk. That's you saying that bad nigga like to talk. I'm not nobody knocking you for it. I'm not. No. He said yo you, you doing more talking. That's crazy. No, you talk some more nigga. That's not, that's not knocking it. That's not knocking it. Talk some more. Never. Okay cool. Never say less. Ain't that much to talk about. There ain't even nothing to talk about these niggas Nigga. But but stop saying that 'cause you be getting in the spots and seeing people and having our conversations with them. Not at all. Not at y'all. Clearly. Y y'all yo, for for the rest. Yes you do. For the rest of the time. Y'all work here. Don't talk about nothing do outside because y'all just be saying shit.

(53m 44s):
No, y'all don't be outside with me. Y'all don't see me. Y'all be with me. No I don't. I've never seen that. Don't do that. Seen all the time. I've never seen him. Do I do that? Like what are they talking about? Just be talking. No, but you just said the other day The opposite of it actually. Hey you said the Somebody The back in the corner And We talk for Like an hour. Lemme take it a step further and make myself clear. You don't Even talk to the people he is out with Sometimes. Yo, I barked on that Nat. I apologize. I love you. I barked on that for being in my sec in the section I'm in and talking to people. Don't even talk by me.

(54m 25s):
Don't do that. I don't give a fuck How I say I sound like I'm an asshole. Niggas that are in a section are there to be awake, to not talk to you niggas. Na, intersection, hugging, hugging 10 niggas minute. Hey, hey, hey, how you been so I gotta stand there and look at all these doofy niggas. Move, move, talk to them niggas when you go to the bathroom. Don't talk to these niggas around me. That's me. Sorry. Sorry you specialist. But I'm Sorry buddy. I'm not We talk move talk over there. I feel you though. Yeah. I'm not against that. I'm not against that.

(55m 4s):
Against What? And again now I'm sorry. I'm, I'm against how he handled it but I'm not against feeling that way, Dog. I apologize. You could feel how you feel you Yeah, I I against how you handled it, he should just act to the yo go out there and go, go talk to them niggas. Well 'cause then you're also bringing a bunch of strangers into the, into the circle. I, I I get it. But no. Yeah, Please. And now they want a PO with you. Oh God. Oh yeah. I ain't even giving the entry wave for yo I no flipping the, yeah, yeah. Nah, that's ly all what? Sorry, sorry. I don't give a fuck. Sorry nigga.

(55m 45s):
I gotta meet him. You gotta stand there with him. True. If you introduce, Hey, I'll act like we Oh hey. Any friend of his is a friend of mine. That's my, I'm so phony. You give mixed. Hey any friend. Hey, you good with him? You good Mine. Hey, come bring it In. Y how many personalities You, but if you ain't that nigga, How many personalities you got? Like, like two, three. Oh we pardoning Cooking Now. We cooking with some grease. Huh? How many outta you? 'cause at first, initially when I first came around, I thought that then I brought people around you was extremely nice. Then it gave me a different view. Then I was outside with you. I was like, yo Joe, you ignored everybody in there. So I'm saying is it three personalities Telling This?

(56m 26s):
Wait, where did you bring them around him in here? I did. Yeah. That's different. Well, I mean it's different. He's on home turf here. Yeah, I'm the same way. Yeah. What's the, why you tapping me? What happened? 'cause He'll see them same niggas that he hugged in here and paid for the calamari in here. And not say hi to them niggas outside. That is a fact. Same motherfucker. Fucking fact. Hey, even further He deserve whatever. Come with him. Dude. Look the dude that the dude that he said, because they gonna come on with him like, hey Joe. And he like, look, well look, flip the same one. He said if you introduce him next to him. Oh if you good with him, you good with me. When he, when they, when they not next to you no more. Next week. Next week you ain't there no more dog.

(57m 8s):
Sometimes it do be hard to remember a motherfucker though. Yeah. They do That. That's Different. I also don't expect to see none of y'all people's when I'm out. Like I No, no. When I've seen park's best friend Brian. What? Parks with Parks What? Parks What? Parks. I don't know if I'm the warmest. If he's just bouting about like, hey, no, I wouldn't say, hey it's Brian but it wouldn't be Brian's pretty cool actually. Parks Parks people. Parks got cool people. Yeah. Just those people's cool. Yeah. I like parts people. Oh thanks guys. I don't Love it Man. All right. We Got it. We Got it anyway. We Got it. Leave him alone when you see my side. Don't say what up to him nigga. Just I respect that man. That's old school rules.

(57m 48s):
Don't say what up. 'cause he's not your friend. You know what I mean. You're my friend. Strengthening Boundaries. I agree. You can always strengthen boundaries. That's all I got man. I hate to make myself sound like that on here. I want to appear friendlier. Y'all I wanna appear friendlier. No. you Don. But y'all, I tell these things to y'all and and people I feel like have to love me unconditionally. But the other people, I don't feel like they should know that. Let me get my front on you. Do not want to appear on you don't want to because that comes with something. Yo, if you appear friendlier then you're gonna, people are going to react then people are gonna approach you.

(58m 28s):
What friendliness as if you are friend. I know. And now did it. So why do you want to appear friendlier? You Got it bro. Because I don't think that millions of people should. It comes off me and I'm not mean. Alright. You. All right. This shit is, you're know when you start the math from a beautiful mind just, I just around and found out that math. I'm trying to eat the map. Yeah. I Got it. Yo. Do any of y'all know why they killing Sky Jackson's baby daddy? No. 'cause He ain't rich. No not 'cause he is rich.

(59m 8s):
'cause I said 'cause He ain't rich. Oh yeah. And he doing bullshit out here. But you know, no matter who you are, you can be Sky Jackson, you can be Latoya Jackson, any type of Jackson. Sometimes the fly bitches or the bitches that's about something. Or where they come come from. They like bum niggas. I'm not saying he's a bum, but they like niggas that's into some shit. They like that. They, I think it's something in women that feel like they could save a man. I could save him, I could change his life and niggas just be on some bum shit. Yeah. I'm say women people do like projects. Yeah. I do Wanna save something. I've Tried to save a couple Security bro. Oh please. Five people follow me for fors it out. People like projects and shit like that. And he just, he he looked great.

(59m 48s):
He just got locked up. Right. He just got locked up. Locked up. And I don't know. She's pregnant by him. He It is, It is just nasty man. She coming about this nigga, I don't know his name man. Shit is coming out about this young man and it looks crazy. And I kind of respect the game. He got her. Nah, that nigga is looking like crash out Central Crash Bandicoot nigga. For real. That nigga look crazy. This other nigga came out. Yo. Who? And the gay dude came out outed them. What? Wait, excuse me. Yeah. Out outed them. Yeah. Oh man, Sky Jackson Baby daddy has had a lot going on this week. You know that because we don't talk about Sky Jackson or her baby daddy on the show.

(1h 0m 28s):
Yeah, right. She's had it. They had a lot going on. I've read That they became friends through pen pals or something. I don't know if that's true. I'm Just pen pal. Like a jail program? Yeah. Oh okay. He Was one. You know that's not what a pen pal means. Well She put the Nigga writing, exposed herself, exposed Herself. She, I mean today it could be a pen pal. Yeah, pal A pen pal has nothing to do with jail. No it don't. It doesn't. But that's it. But There are pen pal programs through penitentiaries. Yes. Lots of, and you clearly have been a part of some, you look like you'll get a pen pal from from jail. Oh, she admitted that she was, yeah, she had a pen pal.

(1h 1m 8s):
She had to Get back. She Oh. Shit. She had to get, Hey yo. And real quick Mel on you. I just saw a, she's Gonna try anything but just be a good, good Woman. I just saw what She gonna try anything but just be a good woman. How make it make sense? I'm, what are you talking about? You know what, I'm These nigga out here. I'm getting out jail Pen pal. I ain't gotta show a ba. You're such A dick. Was you getting paid for that? What? For Right. Niggas in jail could Be your service. You had to pay back her death to society for alling felonies. This was like a million years ago. I had a pen pal. It was like 25 years ago, maybe no more.

(1h 1m 50s):
It was like 30. Did he ever come home? I don't know. Wrote a couple of times. You had a 17-year-old Pen pal. That's before Cat Lady was a thing. Maybe hold on. 28 years ago. Thanks for doing the fucking math. What'd you do it today? Fucking hmm. What'd you do it today? She mad at a nigga. Did the math? No, I don't think so. No, not today. Got it. Got it Got it. Yeah. Got a lot on my plate right now. So you never wrote to the women's, the the women in jail? No. No I did not. Well, you would not be allegation. That's right. And I'm and and my heart goes out to anybody here who has a lot on their plate right now.

(1h 2m 33s):
If there's any way that I could help hit me. Okay, we'll that's, yeah, that's nice. We'll talk after this. Alright. What? Just go ahead man. I I, we we got you. I got you. I got you. Champ. Oh Shit. Champ. Champ. It's like when my girl called me superstar. All right. Shit. Oh, that's different. We Got it. That's nasty. That's nasty. For real. That's it. That shit works like else. Stop playing. Stop playing. Don't call me Superstar or Joe. All right.

(1h 3m 11s):
It's time for my favorite part of the show. PrizePicks. Alright. You know what time It is? PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app and all of the land. Super easy, very simple to play. You can get this done in under 60 seconds. All you have to do is find a dollar, not even 'cause they give you $50. Now look across all sports, all sports. Pick two to six players. Look at their projected stat line. Pick more or less for your chance to win big. Who am I going with this week since AJ Brown did that shit the other night? Fuck crunch time in my fantasy league. You know what, man? I wanna say, oh no, they on a buy. They on a buy. Kyler. Morray won't fucking share the ball with anybody in a red zone. Re he's just running his little tiny ass in there. Every time Trey McBride is open. I'm gonna go with Derrick Henry. Seems like a safe one more than 70 rushing yards. Let's go for Travis Kelsey since he woke up. Let's get him for more than 50 receiving yards. I'll go for Steph Curry for more than four, three pointers and let's keep it in the family. But in the front of Me's family, I'll go with Clay Thompson for more than three, three pointers since he's been on a little tear out there in Dallas. Hey, yo, that, that's a, that's a money getter right there. Yeah, that's a good ticket. Good ticket, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going. Game. Game. Yeah. Nah, that not the worst. Pick that ticket up right there. It is not the worst. If you download the app today and use promo code JBP, you'll get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat, download the app today and use promo code JBP and you will get $50 instant. Instant. You will not have to wait after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.

(1h 5m 12s):
Alright, what you got for us? Flip? So I was watching a video and Goldfinger was talking about Shout the Goldfinger. Shout the Goldfinger. Yeah. Shout the night that the only night in New York City where they played back to back. They played the Jay-Z and Nas Ether Super ugly. Take over all This shit. Take over all that. And one thing that stuck out to me was saying that Melyssa Fall was bartending that night. And was this Melyssa Ford? This is Melyssa Ford. This what? Right here. I was actually waitressing Waitress. Yeah. They said she was bartending. And you like you were part of a lot of history. I was. Yeah. And niggas need to give you your credit. Thank. You, you always find it out. No, because they sent it to me. The clip is circulating. Thank. you, Mel. Oh wow. Are you viral?

(1h 5m 52s):
Finally, Mel, you me Viral out there. The The clip is circular. Hey, Take that. Dr. Ruth and Anka Heiser. Were you in the, how did it feel that night, Mel? It felt like chaos was two floors and it felt like all of us on the second floor that the floor was gonna collapse. Like it was, it was electrifying. It was, you knew that it was a historical moment. You could feel it, you know, and it's just like, it's the kind of thing where you look around at everybody that's there and everybody's kind of like absorbing the same thing and knowing that this is a moment that will be recorded for history.

(1h 6m 34s):
Got you. This shit. It was, it was fucking epic. Everybody came to chaos. Like everybody, it was so dope. It was so dope. Those are really, really, really, really good Days. Maybe video vixens do contribute a lot to hip hop. Oh, Oh. Shit. There we go. I'm just saying I'm not touching it. Not with a 10 foot fucking pole. Sorry man. Hey, What fuck I just, the fact that they acknowledged that Mine was worse. This The fact that I, I just thought it was dope man. Melyssa Ford. Like would you say You're a industry plant? Oh Shit. Oh Shit. In what way? How? How would I be an industry plant? Yeah, That's fly you. I'm asking, I'm not concluding.

(1h 7m 15s):
I'm asking what the fuck your story is. Little X and Hype Williams and who else? Another one of them. Big, big, big, big, big names. No, it was X. So it was X Discovered me kind of thing. Discovered, yes. There's that plant word discovered you in Canada somewhere just as a pretty Girl in Toronto. Yes. Brought you back here and put you next to every hot rapper in every hot video. Because he had 'em all. No, That's not how it worked. That wasn't how it worked. X was on the come up. So he was still, he was Still X was Hype Williams mentor. I mean a, a mentee hype mentee.

(1h 7m 57s):
I, a lot of people think that come up. A lot of people think that. So he was Hype Williams had a company called Big Dog Films and what X was doing, he was doing a lot of storyboarding, but he wasn't getting like the really big projects. And if you ask X, who really put him on and gave him his first really big opportunity. It was Melyssa Ford. It was Tim's story. He's sarcastic funk. Yeah. So like that's just, you know what X has always said. So you know, when I started doing music videos, it wasn't for massive names at the time Because your first video was what? My fir my very, my very first video was a Glen Lewis video.

(1h 8m 38s):
Oh yeah. So You had a plant. I'm not a plant. I got literal. I got discovered and then, you know, excuse me, me no X, excuse me. And then Hype used me and that was, that's a plant. It's not a plant. I was one of several girls from Canada that were used consistently in music videos and big name music videos That's just, we grew with X. That's a cactus. Yeah, I succulent. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Who's that's a cactus. Don't touch it. You gonna get stuck. It's, it's something. Yo, you're stupid. Yo. She, she changed the Yeah But it's the same thing when you see like a, one of these newer rappers with their producer.

(1h 9m 23s):
They come in the game together, get hot and the producer go on to get hot. The rapper going It is, it's kind of the same shit to me. Yeah. 'cause if, if X wasn't X at the time. True. They're both on the come up. He just had to have happened to have a Melyssa Bert who wasn't Melyssa Ford at the time. They came up together. My first American video was Tommy's theme from the belly soundtrack shit. And that was the s that made men, I don't see it as a plant. That was your First what? That was my first American video. That's my shit right there. And then three days later I got the call from hypes people to go do one 12 anywhere. But I mean like it's casting directors that you know booked for X and booked for height.

(1h 10m 4s):
I Just don't think they use plant when it comes to video Victims there. 'cause there is no plant like then the industry, she's just a pretty, and also the industry did not plant us because they didn't concern themselves with us. Oh right. Don't try to victim this out. Oh no it's not that. It's just like we were, we were casted and that was it. That was basically, that was basically it. There was no assumption that we were gonna do Anything outside of that. You were always ca you wasn't, you were, you always casted. Sometimes they called you and said we want you in this video or you're gonna be in this video. You wasn't. Well I Always cast that's being, I guess that's being casted. I thought casted as go. Okay. I Don't think a conversation about that started with her being a waitress. I think that kind of more says that you're not a plant a little bit, you're still working like a regular Job.

(1h 10m 47s):
Right, exactly. When I got here, you know I had to supplement income. I was also a legal as fuck. So I needed a job that But you're Working on that now. Yeah. Yeah. Progress one day At a time. Yeah, one day at perfect timing too. Right. I'm not gonna center Mel anymore. What I will say is, boy y'all should have seen the look on Amani's face when Flo Ryder came in. That karaoke joint. What? What? What happened? You Not was this Recently not on the mic to defend yourself? That's hate But.

(1h 11m 28s):
Yeah, that nigga, Flo Rider came in there, went to his little spot nigga he looked at me and said He do, he do. Yo, I saw that nigga said You was right. We gotta get Flo right outta New York City. He's moving like that. You said that you nigga Now y See myself. Y'all stop moving man. Shining just glowing, smiling. That's was red was red. I'm such a messy bitch cafe are. Oh I am. I don't wanna, They called you thin diesel. That's why Flo came in there with some muscles.

(1h 12m 10s):
You know what in there like I'm stupid. I'm gonna tell him I'm, I say nah, I think he bought a crib out here. You gotta respect my nigga's got a glow. Oh Shit the glow. He might not damn Was Bruce Leroy. I respect E Bruce Leroy. Yo. What color was his aura? I give Respect to Nigga Green. He had green Aura and 80 million. Yeah people, I mean people flocked around him. Nigga I told you when we saw I saw him at the restaurant, everybody was around the nigga table. He was just smiling, happy, mad generous. I told, you know I sent my little joke to him because my sister, he said Oh I love her piece. He's great. And and stop doing that shit. Yeah. Did that one that stop being, you're not my sister anymore.

(1h 12m 51s):
Stop in ins. Well no, lemme say that part but I don't say that anymore. That was a long time ago man. We knew we got past that. Okay. Okay. I thought of somebody else come on in the club too when they come inside. It may not be Flo Rodder but that was funny. But I don't think people talk about Tyson Chan enough. Sorry. That's what I got. Tyson Chan Say something. Any one of y'all say something. I dare you. He's a tough night for y'all. I'm speaking only for me. Yeah, he's speaking for himself. I'm speaking for me. Shit. My said nah, He ain. You ain't talking for him. It's not. No, I'm speaking for me. I can't speak for who's a tough outpatient.

(1h 13m 30s):
Okay. He boy nah, he too him. He too tall. He ain't too tall. You see him? Huh? He Too tall. Has is ever Wait, he's too tall. Like what do you mean too tall? Too tall. For who? Oh. Shit. My. man. Yo the legit question. The Legit question. Legit question. What? Like, like what is he like six? Like 7 2 0 7 2. Yo, you never answer that question. I mean we, we crack jokes and, and Joe always say who's a tough knife for you? But you, it was a lot of, you never acknowledge who's, That's not true. I've, we've sat there had fucking what? A lot of niggas was tough A lot. I'm talking about A lot nigga. Like a lot. I've been outside a long time.

(1h 14m 11s):
It was a lot of niggas that Felipe Lopez. When was Tyson? Beckford? Tyson was tough. Was Tyson Beckford a tough for y'all? Tyson. Tyson was tough in his day. Like Tyson was him. He's tough. I about say Tyson was, Tyson was tougher than a lot and Tyson is New York grown. So Tyson was tough bro. Like Fuck that nigga was yo 'cause the A that nigga could, he was like damn that you, he was just floating in different circles. He was floating in different circles. Like that nigga was in the bougie parties. You know what I'm saying? Like he was in the bougie shit. So you think you could get away from the athlete niggas in the bougie shit. Here come this nigga squinty eyes with tattoos. Get the fuck outta here man.

(1h 14m 53s):
Take your joints. That nigga was a mo. Yeah we bump heads a lot. Yeah that nigga was a monster. Ish. I give a nigga credit. I don't have no problem with that. Nigga had to up the talk game. Right. Nigga Had to up. That's you forced him to be er than he. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Wait. Don't go to that bathroom. Don't go to that bathroom. Yeah you Nigga you fucking ain't Right. Nigga Don't go to that bathroom. Nigga Had hell, lemme stop nigga. Them niggas was outside with Tyson had a car that I don't, I don't know what the name of that shit was. Mm. You remember what I'm talking about. Tyson Chandler Beckford had this funny car my nigga not the, it was some shit I never heard of the, the import, the G, it was some foreign GTR shit.

(1h 15m 35s):
Some funny foreign shit that ain't nobody around here have. He was the first person I seen with that GTR shit. Like yo, that nigga was a problem bro. I can't say nothing bad about it. He was always a cool nigga. Nah, he cool as shit. Always a cool nigga. No, look, so you cool. You want to cover every fucking magazine on the planet. Fuck are we talking about? That nigga was a problem. I mean so yeah, I start chatting, I talk a little more. Listen man, what you might do in a a day might take me two months. The alternate routes long. Hey yo man. Sean. Sean steady wins the ring. You talking nigga. Is there, is there anything in music that you guys would like to discuss? It was a lot of music that came up today.

(1h 16m 16s):
Let's see, I don't know any of it. Cash, I don't know anything. Cash. Cash down Drop cash down. Drop cash. All drop. Congrats. Cord drop. I tried to, yeah I Got it. Dad, I need a little bit through. Yeah I need to go to that. That should sound good. I listened to it one time. No deep dive but very little brother to j Cole and early Kanye vibes. Ooh yummy. Yeah. Great. Yeah. Sounds like a treat. Yeah lot. Lot of dope bars. Wayne's on there twice. Yays on there. Actually. Juicy Jay Tides, It is a, It is a really solid project. Shout out to Core Day man. Yeah Man. For sure. I've been wanting to get Whi but I'll hear the album on my own.

(1h 16m 58s):
See what's going on. See what's popping. I know it's some heat on there. Word was getting around town that it was one of those. So again, I will check that out. Shout to Chord Day. Yeah. What other music? J Juan dropped the EP with Seth Gnarly sounded really good from what I heard. Arab and Dave East dropped a project. There was a merry project out. Yes. Oh seven. Oh Shake Maxwell Cream dropped friend of the show. Hey. Yeah it was, it was a, there's a a lot of no like gigantic release but a lot of good music came up. I used to get the sift through all of it yet. But I need to hear what Maxwell's talking about and Shake. Yeah. And Corde But, and Jay won? Yeah, He won here.

(1h 17m 39s):
I Ain't listen to that. I hear that nigga every week. I'm cool. Definitely. I hear nigga Weak Week. Oh man. Yeah I'd like new snow leg room music. It's time. It's definitely time. Her. Hmm? Her that's what I'm waiting for. Both goes, goes saying. Yeah, both of Like that. You know who's working on some new music? Amarie? Yeah, I saw the clip. I saw the clip. She in there with, she in there with Fuck Got a brain freeze. Rich Harrison. Troy Taylor? No, not Rich Harrison.

(1h 18m 19s):
Troy Taylor. Huh? Troy Taylor. Yes sir. There we go. Yeah, she in it with Troy. Okay. That that mean it's heat. And it sounded like he, that little clip that went around. It did. It did. It did sound like heat. Shout out to Amarie. Shout to Amarie man. All right. Did y'all see the, the footage floating around of the altercation with all offset him in Paris? Yes I did. Who did you fight with? I did. I don't know how true the story is. You know with with social media you get bits and pieces. Apparently there was a, there was an artist out there in Paris that paid offset to for feature and video appearance et cetera.

(1h 18m 60s):
He wasn't happy with what he got. Now I'm hearing that Offset showed up late, like really late and they wanted some money back but he didn't wanna give him any money back and a fight broke out. Yeah, you're not getting no money back. If we hold on, if I pay you to do something and we agree on yo, this time this, this It is, It is contracted. I gave you whatever deposit you required and you didn't uphold your in, how'd that work? Or if I paid you the whole thing to get you out here, I don't get Not talk to Handler or something like that. Don't you beat Nigga? It's like nah you beat yeah Up. I mean, I mean yeah he was out.

(1h 19m 41s):
He was outnumbered. I mean Yeah supposedly they said he showed up like two hours, three hours late to the video spot and they said the dude didn't want all the money back. He wanted like either some compensation or something like with the time. 'cause I guess they might've had the video crew for a certain amount of time. Whatever case may be to offset his losses. No pun intended. But they won with it. All sales are final nigga, all sales are final. And when you're dealing with someone that's like a star on that level, you gotta leave some room for some time. Yeah. Nigga say Beyonce But nigga don't know you like that nigga you up and coming nigga don't know you. I mean we respect the French artist but Beyonce is not the only One that gets, I'm just saying Nigga, he don't know him like nigga.

(1h 20m 23s):
Yeah but that man, even though they should be respect in the work, I do agree with that. But at the same time, you should give yourself enough leeway and room for these things to happen. You should. It de so let's just say hypothetically, I, I don't know, but let's just say he shows up three, four hours late. You can't necessarily plan that into my whole video crews time and everybody's time. You, you ain't controlling everybody's time. In in in the event that the the the, the feature is late. How big of a Video We talk about They say sorry, I don't know. Most rap videos is to that artist. It could be big as shit. Yeah Some Niggas It is all my bread right now or something and it's a feature in Paris. I got Offset on my shit. We shooting a video. I paid him.

(1h 21m 3s):
True. Had he already done the feature? Yeah. Yeah he might have already did the audio but the video. Yeah. Yeah that's what I meant. Might that's what I Meant. Might be important. Some niggas are just late. They, they complain about the rock being late all the time nigga for movie productions eight hours late. Some niggas is just late. Damn. I mean, yeah. Alright Listen, sorry It Is dumb. Nah ain't no. And the other side of that be kind of like you just said flip. I don't, don't nobody know you nigga take advantage of the little man like Fuck that fuck outta here. Shit. Shit Nigga I'm me what you going to do? No I'm somebody out here. And that's sometimes the rule They show and they showed him. Oh yes they showed him they was punching this man all in his head.

(1h 21m 43s):
You know officer like that's my man you're hitting my man. Well We can't hit you but 'cause you're security holding you down. They don't and shout to security 'cause he tried to get it. He, he tried his hardest to get away from security. Security wasn't letting him out. I mean he got little, he got, he got his shit in. I ain't, he wanted to jump. I Respected it but I didn't like the security shit Nigga It is, It is security job is to protect the artist. I get protect the Money. That's the job. The money, whoever the money is. This man was getting punched in the head, kicked all type of shit. They was doing this man they threw the girl on the floor all type of shit. Them niggas we Not hired to protect you. We are hired to protect you. That's my problem nigga. You protect all of us nigga. Yeah. Okay now we go leave to get your man and now something happened to you because now we gonna be sitting here saying I agree but security was off they job.

(1h 22m 26s):
It depended on who paid the security. I'd rather the security nigga the security go fight them nigga and let me get away. You go fight them niggas go on the line to fight them niggas. They beating up my man. You saw they did this man I'm agreeing with the, his man head was punching this man in the head. Nah, I'm agreeing with you. I'm just saying you I Gotta go back home with these niggas. Hey Y Key, the label might have paid for that security dude listen the label don't know what happened. The label don't know Kit Kat or Shauna. They don't dunno them. They don't, they don't know them Nigga. You what I'm saying I'm protecting the investment. Him him and that's that. But Thoughts and prayers. Yeah. Yeah Dawson Prayer Give 'em niggas they money back out.

(1h 23m 8s):
Yo. Hey they lucky they got outta there. We seen other we where niggas ain't get outta there niggas we heard crabs up nigga we heard a lot of stories nigga. Yeah no no I'm not. He know what I'm talking about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So damn that was one of the greatest moments. That was funny son. Man that was funny. Stop man stop please. What the fuck is wrong with you bro? That's, that's when you decide to come in and talk. Hey yo I'm, that's what I'm gonna do. This nigga come in here and make you put on a dash. That is hat. Put your hat on nigga straight hat wear straight where? Turn it nigga. You have to actually bring the hat.

(1h 23m 49s):
Oh. Shit. I what I saying bring It. is He still gonna get the hoodie? No, that's in my car. Yo S go down, get the hoodie. Get the hoodie bro. On some Last po. You said you bought the hoodie. I It is been in my car for a week. Ish go get that. You know you can go get it right now. Right? Go ahead and get the hoodie Ish. It's like go get that nigga the hoodie bro. You didn't park in Tim. Bu too You parked next to me. Get the hoodie. Okay. That's fucked up. Nigga gave you your Money and all that Word. We was on Joe to give your bread because he thought you gave me hoodie. I'm about to. I'm about to dis all of y'all because y'all wasn't on Joe to gimme my bread. Yes we was. Y'all broke the bread up one time when I owed Joe money. Y'all niggas was in concert up here like y'all was the rocket X give him his money.

(1h 24m 30s):
Wee wee give him his money. We wee That nigga owed me money for months. Y'all niggas ain't saying fucking pee. I said Hey Joe, can he get his like The four tops of this? The rockets 1, 2, 3, 4? Yeah the four tops. I literally said Hey Joe, can he get his bread? He said you know what? Yes Ice Or no you did ice Made it happen About 20%. Man I got you Fuck. that niggas hoodie issue. Like when we get a the break, just go downstairs this hoodie bro. Do all the hands the nigga on. Oh man, you niggas is something else. Boy I ain't gonna even get into it. It is cool. You Got it. Niggas need pompoms. I'm gonna bring some up here too. That's with some little Hulu skirts. That's crazy son.

(1h 25m 11s):
I see. Can I get a JJ Can I get a O? Oh yeah, I'm gonna bring them up here for y'all. What'd you think about all this? I think you enter a slip slippery slope when you start asking for money back due to tardiness in the music business. Yeah, yeah that makes sense. But some of these niggas, I can't speak to the culture over there. Yeah, yeah. But I don't know what happens over there. But you can speak to the culture here. That might be brown. That might be brown paper over two hours at over here. That might be brown paper bag money and to some niggas to get a feature of that magnitude, it might have been a really expensive brown paper bag rules out the window when offset walks in.

(1h 25m 56s):
Yeah. Or when you're trying to book Offset or anybody of that stature. You know how It is when you get like a nice car and now it's more expensive to maintain the car. I just Like if you get someone, That is of a certain ilk, it's gonna be some shit that comes along with it. Unfortunately you have to go, you have to fulfill their rider. Yeah. So yeah. Cho Chocho have you fulfilled it? Let's let's say you fulfilled it and you gonna sit there and wait. Have y'all ever the Khaled story of Rihanna doing wild thoughts? No. Nah. Went to the studio and spent the night and every hour they said yo, she's coming and she's coming and she's coming and she's walked in at 5:00 AM and then you still gotta wait. Do you want your hit absolutely a thousand percent or do you not?

(1h 26m 37s):
No, I'm agreeing with that. You could have your ego and and pounce the nigga up top the head. But all right, now you ain't what you got. I I'm not, again, I'm not disagreeing with none of that. I'm just saying you talking about two industry people, right? Rihanna's industry. K's industry. Like It is all That is industry. I know but the, the other nigga might not be. Well here's your first Lesson. Once one industry person enters industry rules have entered. Yeah. Unfortunately. I can see if he didn't show up at all then yeah that's a different Conversation. Definitely not. 'cause his man got his ass whipped. So they wasn't on industry time. They was on real people time where I spent my real money to get this real artist that should have shown up and done what he was supposed to do for real.

(1h 27m 21s):
Again, I said I can't speak for the culture out there. Exactly. There's probably loss Of translation up and truthfully, depending on how dude responded to that could have could've how we got to this ass. Whoop. That's possible. It could literally just have been man fuck outta here. Like the disrespect like said we don't know you, you some little nigga that just, you know nigga I'm geared nigga I could have walked in with my ego. Oh now you disrespected niggas. It has to be checked Because when he was by, when he was by the van or whatever he was, the niggas was going over there like trying to attack offset. You know what I'm saying? So like y'all doing all this aggressive shit. Even if there was a conversation to be had, I'm not gonna have a conversation now.

(1h 28m 2s):
It might've been a conversation to had about say the conversation had already conversation. Fuck outta here. I'm out like, oh what? Whoa, whoa, whoa. What? Fuck outta here. Fuck y'all niggas. No the fuck Who? Niggas. Niggas. This is an away game. Yo hip hop. Hip hop and it's everything. Typically the people inside of hip hop had one foot in the street and one foot out and sometimes that one foot could be two feet deep. You never know the people and then that's their exit. That's true for some, I'm not disagreeing with you. It's definitely a way that I'm not condoning it. You get what I'm saying? I'm not saying that It is cool. I'm just saying like everybody not going handle certain shit the same way.

(1h 28m 43s):
Everybody built differently. I'll tell you what else is gonna happen. It's gonna make it real difficult to get another feature from an American artist. Oh for sure. Like For sure. Grand opening, grand closing on that one probably for sure. Mm. Depends. I I agree. I agree. Parks, if you Have the money, me Too. Doesn't matter. Listen man, shout out to mc, grateful Pond. Whoever Fuck that nigga mc Grateful Pa. You see me, you see my stop yo y niggas walking stop. I Fuck that. If niggas remember they stop bro. I ain't going out there shit. Trying to be a niggas out nowhere. The tariffs Oh. Shit niggas mad at the tariffs.

(1h 29m 23s):
Niggas is hot. Oh man. Yo. Speaking of tariffs, New York State has purchased Dame Dashes portion of whatever that was and one one third. Yeah interest. They bought, they bought a steak. Didn't they say the auction was supposed to start at two Two Bill or something? I think it was one. Yeah it was one. Okay. Well I know it bought it for one. It was one probably didn't had no takers. They said it was two other bids in the Once Hope came out and said go ahead. But one bid was for 2 33 and the other one was for like two 50. Those are the two bids. Yeah. And then New York State bought it. New York, New York State Got it for for a million.

(1h 30m 5s):
And apparently they had like people pull it together to get it. It wasn't direct. Like they can sell it and it's not a risk to them for whatever they get for it. Got it, you know what that mean? Hmm. Jay-Z called somebody to call somebody to call somebody and say, yo get niggas a million dollars. Could be. Yeah, it's a, it's a write off for him dog. Let get that true cost to doing business. Isn't he gonna own it anyways in like four to six years? They said six years and then somebody said it's a rumor but I don't know. I don't know Joe. Joe and Parks will have to speak to that. I don't know. I just want go put that shit on me.

(1h 30m 48s):
Guess what? Nothing about this going on. When you own that thing, yo, you gonna repurpose that shit. You can do a whole bunch of other shit with it. True. So you got any plans for that? I ain't gonna lie to y'all. For what? When you, when you get pumped up back, like I know you think far ahead so I've added it to my asset list if that's what you're asking. No, I just meant like something like, yo, now that I have it, I have control. I could, I might look to do X, Y, Z with it. Have you thought, put any thought into that? No. If I did I'd have rerecorded it already. Why though? Yeah. I'm saying when it finally comes to your possession, right, when it finally is said and done and it comes into your possession, then I don't know how it works.

(1h 31m 32s):
This is a question curiosity. Like so when the Knicks play it or when whoever plays It, is that now all of your spanking? Yes, but that's also someone actively working service music. Got you. Got got So to get it. To get it more. Yeah. To get it. To get it played. You ain't just hearing pump it up like this by chance all these years later there's somebody back there working it. Yeah, true. Oh okay. See I didn't know that side. I'm just thinking they saw. So when it comes back to me what it was, that person will no longer be working it or that group will no longer Got it be working and that's totally up to me. Now when the phone rings, I'm taking the call. Gotcha. Got it. That's in terms of will I continue to actively try to work, pump it up. I I I probably haven't thought about that.

(1h 32m 13s):
Yeah, okay. Makes curious. Well nah, I mean, you know I get on the phone for a couple. Yeah, you have eaten. You know we know, you know. Yeah we know We on the phone it up just to talk to them. Step it up. 15. How was your day yesterday? Come three hours later. Yo. Ish. So how'd it go? Oh. Oh, we ain't talk about I I'm still on the Phone with him now. Hold on. Crush grew Par four. We in that bitch. You know what I mean. It is nuts. We in there. Word what? Especially personally. Just wanna talk to people. Juice. Juice part two. Do you think that you'd sound the same if you tried to rerecord it now?

(1h 32m 53s):
No, I know I would not sound I'm same. Okay. You think I'm, I still sound like I'm 22. I mean I wondered if you thought that you still sounded like you were 22. Oh. Shit. You think I'm that delusional? You think sometimes D Lulu is the sa Lulu Okay. It's a good place sometimes it's a good place to be. How do you envision yourself being when you enter a home? A nursing facility? Oh, Shit. Shit. Damn. I'm asking her. You can't do that. I I I have actually thought about that. I have actually thought about that. But me and my girls have a plan to create our own retirement village.

(1h 33m 36s):
Oh that's interesting. Yeah, it's fire man. Like bootsy's backyard, Like overseas and just hire a bunch Of young niggas to come take here Y'all. Bam. So like a brothel. Smart But no, not necess. Did They sign NDAs? That's funny. Assist. Do they? That's funny son. Do they sign NDAs? Man? I mean at that point it won't even matter if you wanna talk that shit. Hey, I don't care. I'm old as fuck. Respect you, right? I'm on my way out. Oh, Shit, holy Shit. Yeah. Okay. All Mels. Have you figured out where, where y'all wanna do that? Bali? I mean there's a, there's a few, there's a few places We have been talking Thailand, Bali, Italy.

(1h 34m 16s):
So No extradition And you still didn't answer like what age do you con, do y'all see that being a realistic thing? I made some calls recently to see about moving this whole podcast to Florida. I did. Oh yeah I did. Really? Yeah. Enough was enough to start just seeing what's going on out out here. But then they said did you have to actually live in Florida for more than half the year to get the perks? Yes. s That Same everywhere. And they trace they they're tracing you. Yes they are. Everyone thinks that I get free healthcare. They trac 'cause I'm Canadian and I'm like I have to live in Canada for more than than six months outta the year to be able to take advantage of the benefits.

(1h 34m 60s):
I can't. So and they Monitor all Of that to see? Yep. They taxes. So you couldn't get a place out there And just No. Oh You have to live. You If you get a place out there, you have to stay there for more than half of the year. Nigga What you got Cory? Six months in a day. How would they know though? You got Cory nigga, how would they know if you stayed there? Like you mean like what have you not posting or like how would they know physically that you could there Buddy It is deeper than your Instagram. No, no, I'm Just, I get what you're saying. They Asking all of the tracking systems that they have in Place. They do You. right, Right where you are. Okay. If any card in your name It is popping up. So they monitoring like that They monitor, they protect your name. This. shit, just a question. I was shocked too. What what would, what would be the advantage?

(1h 35m 40s):
It is Tax taxes. Taxes. Yeah. For sure. Wow. Damn Big TI think that's a realistic, those are realistic thoughts for me in the next few years. So how close, how close were you to wanting to move it? Like where were you? You was just inquiring or you was like, yo, if I get to go Ahead. I was think tanking. I was think tanking. Got it. I was, I was think tanking. Just floating. Just floating shit. Yeah, it passed. That's All. But if it worked in your favor, does that thing happen like within a month? If you understand what I'm saying? Or do you pace yourself out?

(1h 36m 20s):
Some people will say get the call. Yo, we could do it. It is instant with you. It's It is not instant. That wouldn't be that for me. I would take time Got it. Okay. That would be like a culture shock For me. Absolutely. Would be a culture, culture shock for you. I really commend and I thought about this just talking shit now. But I thought about this when I was watching Maddie and the girls love karaoke thing. I'm really, really commend and hold people in a high regard. That was one place with their whole life set up. Women, friends, family, fucking them, partners, jobs.

(1h 37m 1s):
You know where the supermarket is. You just know where everything is and they get up and just go, Manny just came to New York and it looked like, I mean, yeah, she's her Family. She from here, but that don't matter. Nah, women do that show more than us. But you okay. Yeah. Shit. Listen To be able to get up, go and get it moving and shaken across the country. Yes. Yes. I tip my hat to that shit. Women do that shit a lot for yeah, for me. That, that I do it. I I would be fearful. You did it. Yeah, I went from New York to Chicago, upstate New York to Chicago and then here. Oh yeah. I I know women like toying them. Like, yo girls will just be like, yo, I'm about to move to la. You like, you about to what, what do that? They'll just be gone. DC la la Like I know girls that just will pick up, they'll they'll set This shit in motion.

(1h 37m 45s):
Y'all, I wanna move to such and such. You'll be like, oh, okay. And they'll really set that shit in motion in six months. They be gone. See, I know doing that shit quite A like 30, 40 is a Different conversation. I know quite a few people that's done, done it, but it was outta necessity. It was just, yo, I can't afford it here no more. It's like, yo I gotta go somewhere where the cost of living is lower than this. And there's people that was born and raised here. They whole lives. Shit. I said myself when I moved, you know we make the jokes where I live at in pa but born being born and raised in North Jersey, you think that's the norm? That's true. And once you live somewhere else, that's true. And you see what a dollar could really get you. You're That's true. Oh Shit. She's different. I I got mad. I remember I told you I was mad as fuck. Like I felt like I wasted too much time up here because the money that I had and what I was doing, I coulda got so much more.

(1h 38m 29s):
You'd be progressive there. Yeah. That's back to me saying 44 be kicking my ass. Like you gotta answer. Even you gotta an think of questions and answer them differently today. Like my whole life has been, yo would you leave New Jersey? No, no, no. I shouldn't. My kids just here now you start. My parents are here. Everybody's here. My job is here. Everything I love, I I know This shit like the back of my hand. But at 44. But look, when, when people your age start asking you, Hey, how much longer do you envision yourself here? Like they asking something different and you gotta look at it different and think about this. Not, not even I'm, it's just a factor. I'm not trying to be funny. You got enough money to live here comfortably.

(1h 39m 10s):
It's a lot of motherfuckers running around dog that are just literally maintaining above water. Like they, they like this with it. They threaten it. They literally like, they like this with it. I told my man the other day, my man, he older, he broke up with his girl. Oh damn. He 50 something years old. My nigga, he has a roommate and, and he can't, he can't You know what I mean. I'm like, yo dog. I, I was like, yo, I'm not trying to be funny. Go to Pennsylvania. Yep. You got to like go to Pennsylvania dog. The cost of living is half and you just gotta have to do like a 45 minute commute. But rather than live, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like This shit is real up here. And for me, Florida is the happy medium for me and my girl. You talking about state tax nigga, these niggas are talking about food.

(1h 39m 52s):
Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Like that shit is different for a lot of people. Like This shit is real. And then not to make it morbid 'cause we can get off of this. Once you start thinking about like where you want to be laid to rest and how then it just opens up the scope of all of that shit is, is, is look, that's 40-year-old thinking right there. It is all that shit is on my plate. Literally be thinking about all that shit now. Mortality and all shit. Should I play fucking Frankie Beverly right now? Nah, nah. We good? We good? We good? We good? We good? I'll cry nigga. I'll cry. What else is important or unimportant? Mel, tell us about the sexiest man alive.

(1h 40m 36s):
Hey Jim, from the office. Look at me fucking screaming. I'm not beating the allegations. Yeah. I gonna let you cook. Stand over there. I was happy for Jim. Yeah. Jim from the office. John Krasinski was named the Sexiest Man alive. Interesting choice. That's hate. I'm not, no. Not hate you rolling With it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm rolling with it. I'm rolling with it. I like, But she also said Lou Raws was sexy. I never said fucking Lou Raws was fucking sexy. I said, I said Ernie Hudson was sexy. You'll never find, you'll Never find I love fucking Ernie Hudson.

(1h 41m 20s):
He is a sexy motherfucker. So is Dennis Haysbert. Okay. Like, I like the a r peak crowd. Any who? Morgan Freeman. No, you're pushing it. Fucking Morgan. Yeah. Morgan toss you up man. Don't play with Morgan through there, nigga. Don play with Morgan. Yo not right saying don, don. No information. You may know personally don't be a flip throw nigga under the bus. Meet business out Morgan crazy. Morgan, I don't give a fuck. Oh man. Mark, are you there any Fucking Way? This nigga right here? Yeah. He doesn't look like that. He doesn't look like that. That's his charact. You Came before Him.

(1h 41m 60s):
No, I'm informing you. He doesn't look like that Right now. That's his character from the office. Have you ever watched the office? Never. Excuse Me. What? What happened? Wait, what? You out here cap it for him? Like he don't look like that no more. Daddy. He look way better. What's wrong with you, y'all? I mean, Google the pictures. I didn't say that from, from people. The sexiest because they, yeah, they put a little, I just wanted you to get a product In his Hair. A gym, A beard does a lot. They gave him like a leather. You never seen a office sexiest. None. Shit. Congratulations Jim to go. How'd Yeah. Yeah. There we go. That's Jim. He not sexy to you. He's not a, he's not a, he's not a conventional beauty. You know, Oh Shit, he's, you know, he's, he's Got Quite the schnoz, but, you know.

(1h 42m 44s):
Wow. He's still, he's attractive. Gotcha. He's tall. He's good looking. He's, you know, he plays very likable characters. Wait, If you're doing that, What If you're doing that? Yes. I didn't know you was gonna do that. Do what? Then? I'm rewinding back to the Sky Jackson topic to ask a question I wanted to ask. Oh, okay. Why are they killing her baby daddy choice? As if, Keep So use your words As if she's a conventional beauty. Yeah.

(1h 43m 26s):
You know what, these are two very Never seen the author subjects. Please get that. Understood. I have an answer for you. Sky Jackson is kind of like, she's an, she's kind of like the adopted kid kind of thing. People have watched her grow up. It's true. It's true. Alright, don't get me, don't Get me Into the Kiki Palmer bag. It's, it's very similar to the, it's very similar in the way that people have watched Skyjack grow up and they kind of feel like a sense of It is sunny in here. I'm bad. I ain't got, Holy shit. I've got some glasses in my bag. If you wanna borrow 'em. Holy. They're unisex. Some lady frames Prefer, Hey, shout out to Sky Jackson.

(1h 44m 6s):
I mean, you ain't just about to sit here and do all this with Jim. And anytime we say something about something we get hammered. Well, I mean, I'm not the one that put him on the fucking cover of Sexiest, you know, man alive, you know, it's, it was their choice. I'm like, okay. It's, it's fine. Brad and what's his name and George have had it in enough times. Have you never seen the Office? Please Do Back. Yeah. Let's, let's get to the, let's get to, this Is the important part. I I, I feel like you avoided watching it. I should go to the car. I off the phone, Go to the car, get the hoodie, come back and then go watch the office. Hang up in the car. In the car. Yeah, sure. In the car. I don't, I didn't really watch TV that much like that when the office was out.

(1h 44m 46s):
It's not my thing. Like before, before I met my girl, I didn't really watch TV that much at all. The office is still good though. Like, you could watch it now. It, It didn't go bad. Yeah, it's it's still great. You ain't gonna do that. It's fucking hilarious. I missed a boat. No, you did the boat There. It's still right there. Yeah. It's right's Still there. You could still watch it. It's really funny. It's so Fucking TV shows cover. Look what the things he's sturdy about. No, I wasn't even saying, I'm just saying I never, I never saw the office. That's blasphemy. Lemme Tell you like, look, you know the way you look at me when I say I don't really rock with the infamous, like the, like the fact that you never watched the Office. It is It is that same look I'm giving you?

(1h 45m 26s):
I don Might Be worse and It might be worse. It's worse. I think it's actually worse. It might be worse than whatever. I was trying to, I was trying to, It is, it's not worse. It's worse. It's worse. Me not watching The Office is totally different than a hip hop historian aficionado. Whoa. Such? Yeah. He claimed such never. Such as I didn't say he did. Ice is revered. No he not. Yes he is. He hate ice. Exactly. Hate I'm talking shit. Go ahead. People hate ice. Yes. Revered. He still revered as a hip hop. But they still do respect you as The artist. The encyclopedia, They shit out would send Ice their album first for his opinion. Pre drop. That's fact. Watch watch the Office. Yeah. Watch Office I gotta do Watch the Office.

(1h 46m 5s):
Watch the Office Big dog. Like watch it Like asap. I'm good. Yeah. Like this weekend. Did your girl allow you to watch The Penguin finale? Whoa. Did she allow me? Yeah, we ain't caught up yet. You got two more to go. He said did your girl allow you stop and this nigga spoke collectively. We, yo, it's eight episodes. Yo. We watching this. Yo. Yo. It's a lot of shit we doing Bro. It's eight episode. I damn damn on seven on the rewatch. Well, go ahead do it. 'cause I've gotta watch with my girl. I keep watching all this other shit, man. That's all. You saw it yet? I haven't seen the finale yet. I'm sorry. It's, but it's phenomenal. It's so good. I Think it's so good that you're just letting the finale sit there for Weeks.

(1h 46m 47s):
No, no. You did the same shit with Ozark. You YouTube Words but not the finale. I never started. Oh my God. So it's not the same. It's not the same. I never started Ozark. I put episode one to finale away something from when I was ready to go and he was like, I did the same thing. I'm Holding off on the last couple joints. I'm waiting Itza. No, he said there was too. Yeah, there was something else said, you watching and you chilled out. And he was like, I don't want it to end. I didn't want it to end. Yeah, that's recent too. Yeah, that's recent. It was. So my thing with now that that The Penguin shit, like I'm still mad at that I gotta I, gotta I, gotta I. gotta a theory. But I'll let it rock until everybody finishes. I'm, I'm gonna get to it. I think we kind of overrated. We engine our way up there.

(1h 47m 27s):
What? I think we're overrated. The. Penguin. I think, I think the acting is so good that It is drowning out the storyline. What do you mean? Okay, nevermind. I guess. I guess, yeah. Wait till we all see. Okay. We see It. See I'm on the rewatch of it and I'm catching shit. Trying catch it for that I missed in the first time. Now knowing the ending, like things that they kind of hinted to and alluded to you about the, or that he was jazz club, what he was doing? No, just about the storyline. Like I think that's episode two or something where he's telling somebody. Yeah, me and me and my mom used to, she used to take me to jazz club all the time.

(1h 48m 10s):
Rome. And then he looks at the girl and says you was there. Right. Or what? Like, just things like that that come full circle later. The rewatch is good. I'm not saying Penguin is one of the best HB shows of all time. Like the not even close It is too early. Not even close. It's not, it's not. It is nothing not it's not even in the conversation. Yeah, it's not, it's not in the conversation. But was it a great watch? Yes. Yeah, it was good. Stop that one season and now throwing it up here with certified classics. I just think the acting was superb. Like I think the acting was superb. We sitting here talking about him, his mom, the girl Sophia And the black girl did a pretty good job. His his his joint. His girlfriend? Yeah. Yeah, his joint Was her name Tina.

(1h 48m 50s):
I forgot Her. But. yeah. But I think I just, I just think the acting was really good. Yeah. Episode four was really hard to get through. Where it shows her at Aham. That was the flashback one, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That, that, that was drag. That one was hard. No, that shit was hard to get through. It was painful. No, it was just long for us. Why was that painful? I mean just because you know, she's not the hangman and her family served her up on a fucking plattered to go to a mental institution and then just what she had to endure in the mental institution like 10 years. Yeah, exactly. Electric shock therapy like Fuck. that Was a lot bro. You know Seinfield, Oh Shit.

(1h 49m 31s):
Did he say that that's what he went through? Did he have to, I mean that's not a nec that's not a normal practice in Well I look, I Don't know. Nor was her get back. Mm hmm. We Talk. come on, come on outside. come on. Let's, let's sleep out here. Got a little trick for them anyway. I don't wanna tell Penwood. But you, you never finished Penguin. Sorry? Like we're supposed to be talking about the end of it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Sorry. Got it And don't do that because actually yeah, that's y'all. I'm not gonna gender war us out here. But it's y'all women that big up fucking Angela Bassett and waiting to Excel left eye in fucking Andre Rising.

(1h 50m 16s):
And what Surety did is ride along the same shit. Like women love that shit. Well I mean Y'all just don't Love it when it's getting back. Well hold on. We're tired to the family. For the family doing fuck shit. Wait. But if you do that to a dude, put the gas mask on Huh? Black. Well two of those instances Crew, well two of those instances were fictional movies. The left eye thing, you know I don't Lorena Bob, y'all loved it. They always Love it and that wasn't fictional at all. Okay. Or shout to the cops that found his dick. Yeah. That's an awkward search. But. Yeah. He did it. He did it.

(1h 50m 56s):
No, that could have went a whole different way if, if they didn't find that thing. Yeah. I mean he wouldn't have had a porn career if he didn't. If they didn't find that thing. And You know what a lot of you niggas out there, that's where y'all fuck up sleeping around people that you shouldn't be sleeping around. That's a fact. That was and also that was his girl. And also acting like you don't know your girl. So what Lot of guys love to go with go for the Crazy Girl. 'cause they think the pussy's better than a than anything on this planet. It Is it do on, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Girl. The some crazy ass shit. Hold on, hold on. You guys are like oh my God. Wait. Let's do the first part that let do the first part of that. It do be, look at the trauma coming out.

(1h 51m 38s):
It's not True. It do be a law. It's True. Lemme get over here. Crazy. Pussy is the best for real. It is Mel. Okay, I'll take y'all's word for it. Do You think it? You don't have to. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That shit is ill. Well I will never ever be able To Personally know you said That shit earlier. Yo. It's so crazy. But a crazy girl, they get We on the spot too. He came back in that shit like a waterfall. Shit. Like a waterfall. They get mad and they just go. You start hear TLC nigga in your head nigga. you right. Stupid. No, I don't Believe Ish.

(1h 52m 19s):
come on. All the crazy Joy got the the fire. Why do you think niggas still take chances with them? We talking about the break, the windows. The, Your friend that introduced herself to him, is she crazy? Yes. Like it appears that way. I Alright. Wow. Okay. Nobody has any thoughts on the Lil Baby Tupac? I didn't know what happened. I only heard the first record The 5:00 AM Joint. I didn't forget what the second one's called. But I I didn't hear that one. I mean, it it, one of them shit is hard to me. I only heard one, I only heard the 5:00 AM I heard one and it sound like it was cool. It simple. Yeah. Sounded very simple shit, baby. Hmm. Y'all just off fool baby.

(1h 52m 59s):
No. I gotta hit the second song. Yes, but I say, I said that. Yes. I'm gonna say this. The song that I heard, he was saying some shit, but it was just the same flow, same cadence, same every, it just sound like all repetitive. But when you listen to the words he was saying some shit, he was really saying some shit. One of them records I like a lot. I'm off Low baby. Okay. Oh. Shit. That's all. Y'all heard that Imani three Pac? I did. Hmm. It's not out yet though. Oh, You, I I have not heard it. I haven't heard of that. Okay. No, Just wanted to make sure. You know, I thought he would let his brothers hear it before He Oh no he don't do that no more. Then when I was jamming to the law Instagram snippet, he cut it off as soon as vocals.

(1h 53m 39s):
You know, I ain't Like that. You need the get the death to let him hear them vocals. That's Cool. Alright. That's cool. All right. What else y'all got? We got aliens. We do, We got actual confirmation of aliens. We do from credible citable sources. Yeah. Under oath. Under oath in open Senate. But Haven't they been saying this for like the last few years? We got a little bit more details now though. Okay. What's the details talking about that they're living amongst us. Yeah. Ah, They've confirmed they live amongst Us Underwater. Underwater. They're living under and domes underwater. It's, there's some humans that live down there with 'em. People have been paid that have been, they've received government money that have been paid.

(1h 54m 22s):
I'm see they have been paid for being like injured by UFO aircraft and shit. Yeah. They're confirming shit. I watched the whole two hour fucking press conference. Shit. Did They show any receipts? Like why? We believe, see we believe old white people. Like we don't believe them niggas Did they show like the bottom of the ocean where the pods are? I'm on the, that's Supposed to be, that's what the whole, that's what whole hearing was about is that there's government agencies that are keeping this information from other government agencies. So they're trying to get that clear. 'cause essentially taxpayer dollars and, and we deserve to, government resources are getting put to that. But no one can Verify Know anything or verify anything Got it. So like, like every other governmental agency.

(1h 55m 5s):
I don't know if that's true. I mean I don't, We don't know what's going on with the CI we're talking about The government themselves is not privy to the government. Yeah. Shadow government, some other shit going on over there. Nigga. We watch Lioness and they have a government agency that other government agencies don't know what the fuck is going on over. We watch 24 put Lioness to the side and start office. I'm not off that. Yo. You Like the office? It Just started. Oh you, y'all Also. Well I love the office. Office is Amazing. Don't, yeah, gotcha. Yeah I could re-watch the office today. My girl have watched it. You're probably not gonna meet anybody with bad things to say about the office at all. It's possible. Impossible.

(1h 55m 45s):
Gotcha. Alright. But. yeah. The aliens are here. I think we're gonna find Out some we're real evidence. They created a governmental agency a couple years ago with the sole focus on Aliens. Aliens. Yeah. And allocated a nice amount of budget to it. So I think at that point they was like, yeah eh, gig is up. We can't hide it no more. Still no evidence. You think we're gonna get evidence soon? I do. Soon I think it's pictures and all that shit and they just suppressing them. Yeah, there is, That's what, that's what they were saying in the thing. I'm saying do you think the public gets wind abuse? I think the public is not really ready for that. And I think that's why they be hiding that shit Also. I don't think that we'd believe it in this day and age of ai. I don't think that people, we'd even believe our own eyes A good point.

(1h 56m 27s):
That's a good point. That is a That is good. They're Like, oh here's the receipts. They're Like, yeah, now they can bring 'em out yo. Yeah, yeah. Here you go. Ain't nobody gonna believe it. No way. That's good shit. True. So the nigga was down there in the pod holding this breath? They down? No, it was under water. Shit man, I don't know the fuck they got. You seen, you seen Black Panther too? Shit on nigga Joe said look like me down there. Yeah. Got you. Got you got You. all right. Okay. So the humans and the aliens are Are cohabitating fucking Alright. Fucking they might be, could be. Okay. Some of these motherfuckers I gotta watch Offspring. I gotta watch this on YouTube. Just conquer stuff. Gils might hit. I ain't gonna hold. I aint do something with your camera. Ming the permanent wet way Bitch.

(1h 57m 7s):
Oh. Shit s That humming nigga. Bitch. Shit a freak boy. Yo. It is you a freak. I'm saying you an old ass freak. You had a hum on them. You an old ass freak boy. I'm starting to look at shit different with you. Listen bro, you never know. Yeah, y'all nasty. Y'all are fucked. The alien, The fish. Y'all are nasty. Some of the niggas are smashed. Me Rays smash smashing in my raids. Oh. Shit. You're sicko. My bad. It's okay. I, I already pray for you. I'm a work in progress.

(1h 57m 47s):
You know some of this motherfuckers is aliens out here. Some of these niggas is hitting aliens. Yeah, definitely. Nevermind you Got it bro. That's fucked up. So Mel calls me the other day on a day that It is like, why is she calling me? I don't talk to none of y'all outside. So Mel calls me, what time was it? It was like nine Ish maybe Am or pm? Thirtyish am Pm pm. Oh yeah. Pm. Yeah. Okay. What day was it? It might have been Wednesday. Yeah, like Wednesday at 9:00 PM I answer 'cause I think she got a flat tire or a dams on distress somewhere. I think she got arrested. You know I might be, all of the above Is Possible.

(1h 58m 27s):
I might be the emergency contact. And she says do hi. Hi. Do you know Boogie Land? And I say, why? Like, who's that? She says he is a college star. Apparently he's gonna be a top 10 pick. Oh she was under Brittany Rider. So then I put him in the Google. So I put him into Google and yeah, the star bad chord back there, yada yada yada. So this is odd. Like why is Mel never know her to be the sports? Why is she doing the college scouting now and why is she telling me about it?

(1h 59m 10s):
And she says, so I'm quiet still. And she says, and he's, it's just cousin Or something like That. Didn't I say that? I mean, didn't you say that? Something like that. I'm like, all right, come on, get to it. Get to it. She said, huh, how you feeling? I want him on. And that's what she did with Leon Bridges. So that's our inside joke. Yeah. When Leon Bridges dropped, she called 90 times to get Leon Bridges on this show. After she was on that stage. No, you're talking about October London. Oh, that stage too. You just been on stage. I done forgot the stages. But Leon Thomas, however, What's up?

(1h 59m 53s):
My man is up here now. We love your album. For sure. For sure. You know I appreciate Brother, we we absolutely love your album. It's great. It might be albums Of year, it might be RB. Yeah. Yeah. It is great up. It is great. I'm not even, I appreciate That man. Now did you Know, did you know that when you were recording it? I was really just catching a vibe. You know, I feel like vibes Don't lie. The vibes Don't lie. don. Don don't flirt just Down my thing. Vibes don't lie. I never heard y'all say that. That shit fucked me up. Vibes don't lie. It is a name of a song on the album. On the album you probably, hey hey, I could meet somebody and like they vibe and not have to, you know what I'm saying?

(2h 0m 37s):
Vibes don't lie my way into it. Shalu. I think it's fly. Yo. Who hurt you? Yo, listen who Did it? That's really my only question for you. Album is great, yada yada y produced yada. Who did that to you? Nah, listen, you know LA is filled with situation ships. Oh my God. But I think it was really my long, long-term relationship. I was with a girl for probably like four years I think post that. I was like, okay, let me talk my shit. You know What hap what happened? What did she do to you? It was nothing bad. She fucked you up? Nah, it was nothing bad. I just think, you know LA you can get sold a lot of dreams, you know? And I think it's really tough as two artists trying to, trying to come up together.

(2h 1m 21s):
Oh she was an Artist. Oh Shit, You know, know it didn't work out like I thought it would. But we're Still friends to this day. People do people know and we just out The loop. Nah, no, nah. It was public. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was with a girl called Alia Kir. That's my dog still. We still cool man. Your Your voice gets off Up. It's love. It's love for life. It's love for life. Love for life. What doing she broke up with you nigga. We Got it. See what he doing though, right? Y'all see what he doing? She shot shoot a shot because she artist. Yeah. Yeah. She can go in the studio too. So We You smart nigga.

(2h 2m 1s):
No, nah, nah, nah. Smart. Clean it up. She cool people. She cool People. Yeah. Clean that up. But I feel like I like to make a lot of my songs dramatic. You know? I mean I come from the acting space. I think, you know, people want to hear the drama bro. So That's true. I try to make that work. It true. That is true. Nah, you don't pin, you don't sing Fucking farfetched and it'd be love. Nah, that's not true. Nah, nah. I'm calling camp. I heard that song. I love this song. Bitches be Lying. Yeah, bitches Be lying. Yo. No, no, no. It definitely gets real in la but you know, I think all of it deserves, you know, it's, it's documentation. Yeah. That's one of the reasons I won't move to La It is all of that shit.

(2h 2m 41s):
Really? La Yeah La Well well first of all it'll be a bill. It's a bill, right. It's not, I'm not saving money moving to la but outside of that, Nah it's definitely all of That. It's expensive illusion. Masters of Illusion. A lot of smoke and mirrors for sure. Lots of smoke and Mirrors. A lot of smoke and mirrors. But I mean, I find my peace and meditation trying to be like, you know, as good of a person as I can be, catch a vibe. But I think it's important for me to document everything that's going on. And also shout out to my boy busy crook. You know, I co-write a lot of my records with him. He's out in Miami. That's another expensive city where, you know, shit gets real crazy. So I think between both of our, you know, just lives and putting that together, you know, it's really turned into some really good RB songs Now.

(2h 3m 24s):
Before We. talk about the rest of this. I saw you out the other night. Hey. Yeah Sir. Yeah sir. Little karaoke the night. Little yo good times, you know? Yeah, yeah. I was gonna go too man. I thought it was just gonna be Brooklyn Drug dealers. Yeah, I was gonna go too. Yeah. Nah, it was definitely, it was definitely crazy out there. It was a vibe. What's up? You know what's funny? I met you some years ago in LA I was In the studio with a Mike Zombie. Big Jersey. Big Jersey, my man Big Jersey. So we came through and we were making some beats. I think you were actually about to drop something. You were like thinking about dropping something and you know, we talked and you asked me what I did and I said I was an actor and a singer and a producer.

(2h 4m 7s):
And he was like, nigga, you gotta pick one. And I was like, it was just funny. I was like, damn was that track? It made me think. I was like, yo, I probably should focus on one Right now. But then you did though, right? I Did Actually. Yeah. Yeah. I actually Kind of stopped acting for a little bit and started focusing on the music and shit. Really started popping off. See I gotta stop telling the truth to niggas that, that you just meet. Yeah, I think that's when we, we had to Did the house have a pool? Yeah, It did have a pool. Fuck that you too bad little Hollywood Hills situation. You Talking about saving money. But you Was balling You. know what I mean? No, no, no, no, no. That that was a nice, Chris was just a little Airbnb. It was a good bargain. Airbnb. But it was good bargain on the fly though.

(2h 4m 48s):
It was definitely Fly Chris. I Do, I do remember that now. I do remember that Now. Yeah, he was on the balcony. I was like, wow, that's crazy. He was down By the pool, you know, he was just asking questions. It was Interesting. He was there During the day or nighttime. Nah, nighttime. Nighttime cooking up after the Club and shit. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Just cooking up, catching the vibe. Yeah. Good times back then. Absolutely. It was, man, I've had some of my best nights in LA Facts. Yeah. Yeah. I mean LA's definitely a good party city if you wanna pop out. Yeah, If you could find it. If you know where they at. I feel like hanging around Ty, he usually finds the right ones though. You know Ty dollar sign is definitely like, you know, runs the clubs out there. Yeah, I could see how that would happen. Yeah, for sure. come on though. Yeah, You be doing his thing.

(2h 5m 28s):
Doing his Thing. Don't say So now you should be too damaged to want to enter a new relationship anytime soon. Actually I'm, I'm Looking right now. Relationship Will be. Oh okay. Yeah because I feel like for the next album I definitely want to document the process of falling in love, you know? And I know I don't want that to sound like cheesy but, but I think it not It's important user, I think it's important. You know, Fire, that's Some shit. There's so much toxic shit in the marketplace. Like facts, I'm on that, I'm on that Person. Niggas, if you trying to market themselves different right. I'm gonna find love. I like that's I'm gonna date for my next album person right now. My person, my person.

(2h 6m 9s):
That's how you know niggas that even use that. That's how you know nigga on some bullshit yo fucking. Okay. Do you consider yourself part A toxic r and b? Absolutely. Absolutely. But I think it's all about balance. You know, like on the same album I have a record called I Do where I'm talking about, you know, wanting to marry the girl I'm with, you know, answer your phone where I'm begging and pleading on some like in the rain r and b shit. I think you gotta have balance in this generation, you know, with all these podcasts going on, I feel like they need a soundtrack. You know, we need to figure out what that sounds like on record. And r and b is definitely, you know, really great when you're holding up a mirror and showing society yourself.

(2h 6m 50s):
I agree with that. Yeah. That's profound. Yeah, yeah. No it's real Shit. Hey man, you Got it Nick. Nick, you gotta get it right if you go through it. He been some fire That came out of some of them shows. Oh yeah, no, yeah For sure. He, He's I thought all 'em niggas was in Lifetime three sixties. Nah, nah, nah, Nah. How they Let you get away? See Nick? Hey. Hey man, I was independent for some years to be honest. Yeah, but I mean, shout out to my team now You're with Ty's got a label, right? Yeah, yeah. Ty's got a label with Motown and they've really been holding it down. We've been doing our thing for sure. That must be nice having someone that's kinda an OG older brother vibe. Absolutely. It's also helping you on the business end. Yeah. 'cause I mean he's going crazy with Ye right now and I mean just to see like his process of like putting Vultures together.

(2h 7m 32s):
I was out there in Italy with them for like three months and just seeing like the character development for that, for that first album was really interesting. 'cause I mean we didn't really know exactly how it was gonna turn out and, and it's so cool to see it, you know, go number one Carnival just got nominated for a Grammy. Watching that process, being a fly on the wall and actually working on some records as well with them really helped me just kind of, you know, finish out my own album with a little bit more, I don't know, just poise, you know. I felt like when I came back I was like moving a little different, talking a little, Just being around people with That type of, yeah, definitely, definitely gained my glow in Italy. We was out in Florence and when I came back I just felt really, really ready to to to release the strength. Did you get to travel around while you were in Italy?

(2h 8m 14s):
Nah, Florence is beautiful. I was like, Florence was so beautiful. Yeah, I just really stayed put and to be honest, like to have an opportunity to work with Yay. Like I was really hyper-focused on just making sure I was at my best every day. The studio Rather quickly, right? Yeah, for sure. For sure, for Sure. Now how tough was it to stop talking to some people from your past, once you got back from Italy changed up on these niggas? Nah, switch up. Nah, you know, it was a little, I'm around. I'm around. Yay. Now You know what I mean. Nah, Nah, it ain't Sessions It is different. It ain't even like that. It ain't even like that. But I feel like isolation is important, especially when I'm trying to get focused Prep for tours, you know, really being my best and if it's not a real relationship, I think we need to kind of clip things and you know, get focused on what's gonna work, you Know?

(2h 8m 58s):
Do you have a favorite song on the album? Yeah. Yeah. It is funny. She mentioned Vibes Don't Lie. That was a joint that really, like I played that shit probably like 40 times after I made it. And like for me, I listen to my music but I'm not one of those people who's like in the car at the crib, you gonna hear my shit all the time. So, you know, that was one of those joints I was playing every day. Feelings on Silent. Yeah, Feelings on Silent. Yeah. That was, I made that in Italy too. So like when I came back, you know, we were staying at the Four Seasons, the Medici Estate, they had like this crazy ass garden, The Medici. He just dropped that singular Ass shit. But I mean, he set up like a studio in a hotel, you know.

(2h 9m 38s):
So like during my breaks I would walk around the garden and I was listening to that beat from conductor, shout out to to my boy conductor, no doubt. Came back ready to ready to really like, you know, tear shit up, catch a vibe. Just let this rock roll a little bit. Yes sir. Let him get in his bag. Right. Can you, hey, When you, when you're making an album, do you listen to, are you the type that listens to other music when you're outside of the, that session or?

(2h 10m 21s):
Hell yeah. Is it, I can't listen to anything because I'm, I'm focused. Yeah. But I was just stuck in like the sixties and the seventies for like a lot of the end of the album. Like around the time I made this song, I was listening to this record called Morning Sunrise every day. And I wanted to capture that same, same vibe and feeling without using the same chords, you know. And I think we did a good job of like really having that cool, soulful, funky vibe. You know, it's very laid back. But a lot of my music is chill 'cause I, I feel like I'm a pretty laid back nigga myself. So I want to kind of, you know, put my energy, you know, on the record When we was at the spot, when we was at the spot the other night, shout out to Joie, she came in there.

(2h 11m 2s):
Yeah. Yeah. That's my dog. Yeah. And when I, and I, I saw that and I was like, hey wait a second. Nah. Yeah, I wouldn't mind, I wouldn't mind hearing that. Oh, For sure. I mean we've worked on a lot of records over the years. It's just interesting 'cause like, you know, when, you know Diddy was doing his love camp, I was around Jazzy a good bit, but we just never found time to like really cook something new up. I think a lot of our old songs are probably like six years old now. Yeah. I would rename the camp if I were gonna Still Not Good timing. Yeah. I would make it not good timing. I would, it would be a new name if I was gonna Reference it. I mean Yeah. Shit. I mean, you know, just for reference But. Yeah. Yeah. You know, What's up, what's going stupid, What's going on?

(2h 11m 45s):
Why y'all all tighten the face? Cool Nigga just listening. I'm just, I'm just admiring, you know, I'm just, I I'm just admiring the work. Nah, that's it. I appreciate that. That's all, that's all. It is fool watching my sister do a great job and her interviewing skills and her ad libs. That's why I put my hoodie on because she's very on you on point. I mean that's a, you know, and I, and I like it. And I appreciate that. Appreciate your Work. What is your, so, so what is your, what is your five year plan for you? Like what does it look like? Does it look like an album every year? Does it look like multiple projects every year? Yeah. Yeah. Are you gonna dip out a little bit?

(2h 12m 25s):
Try to hold some mystique? I feel like all of the mysterious drop every three years stuff is, is not the vibe. I think fans want more content. I think, you know, collab albums would be important just to kind of keep, you know, the marketplace flowing. I'm really trying to build my touring business right now. We just sold out, you know, a domestic tour, which is really cool. Congrats. It's Really, really big man. Really big. Yeah. How many cities? 14. Nice. When does it Start? It's already started. I actually, like right after this, I gotta fly to Boston to It is gotta go. But, but I'm just really excited about the future of it. Seeing how these shows are feeling. New York was crazy.

(2h 13m 6s):
That's why I'm a little hoar. 'cause it was like insane. And That's, I'm bad. I missed it. It just like sold out energy and, and, and the love that's in the room right now. I can tell we're building something really special. So when you say I'm building out my touring business, Ticketing business, Yeah man, you know, 'cause I could do all these festivals and act like all those people are there for me. But I'm, I'm down to do these 500 capacity rooms and like build that ticketing business. Sell mer We go. Somebody gets, somebody understands. Yeah, yeah. No, I keep telling them they they they, they tricking you with all that festival shit. Festival Act. Yeah. Giving you the big bag. It is just like, yeah. Nah, but I mean I'm also down to do festivals for everybody For sure.

(2h 13m 47s):
For absolutely. You know, like you gotta do both. Yeah, I'm definitely doing both right now. And, and you know, shout out to Caroline y at WME. She's been really holding it down and my manager's really helping me build a solid touring business. 'cause I feel like that's where a lot of my money's gonna live for the next five years. But. yeah. Yeah. I got a lot of plans, man. I wanna do some films as well. Di you know, dip back into my acting bag a little bit later on. Probably in the next two years. Hmm. But right now it's just about, you know, continuing to really create at a high level as an artist and build this touring business. You know, really simple. But, but it's a lot of work. Hmm. What do you love about, well lemme, before we do that, what's changed the most for you with this album in the release of it?

(2h 14m 35s):
It's interesting 'cause I, you know, I I I always call the industry a high school. And I think, like right now It is like, I feel like I'm getting invited to the cool kids table. A lot of people are noticing me in the hallways now. You know? I mean, like, niggas knew I went to the school for years, but like now it's, it's, it's different man. It's just a lot of love, you know? So I'm taking that in stride. I'm not like trying to get revenge and not work with people. 'cause they made me play me four years ago. Smart. Right. I'm just seeing it how It is, you know, like, you know, success is an important thing to, to, to lock in. And my team worked really hard to have a successful release. This rollout wasn't easy. This road wasn't easy.

(2h 15m 16s):
But I'm down at how Long people, how how long were y'all rolling out? Man? We, we worked on this rollout for probably four months. Six months. That's A lot. Yeah. That's Exhausting. So that was just like a lot of interviews and, you know, playing the game. And I, I'm just really happy that, that, that, you know, people are noticing the music, man. I mean, seeing the Twitter conversations, seeing the tiktoks like I can tell that people are, you know, resonating with, with the frequency I put out. It's phenomenal. Thank you, what's the title? MUTT? MUTT. It's just the element of control. I feel like I've watched, not just in my own life, but even with a lot of high powered men, like successful men when they're before that big relationship, they're dealing with a lot of women who are trying to get 'em to sit, you know, it's like a metaphor.

(2h 16m 4s):
It's like a metaphor for like, you know, women really trying to just like, sit down, you're mine now. And, and most of these niggas are not on That. Like, they, like, I'm, I'm, I'm making too much money. There's too much attention. You know, I'm not gonna say it. So it, it's, if you really look at the documentation just throughout the entire album, I'm just talking about that push and pull of like, oh a a girl really trying to just get a dude to act. Right. And he's just not really doing It. Is there any kind of like specific like arrangement to the album? Yeah, I wrote a script before, before I, I actually like, finished everything and the storyline was essentially like, you know, a guy who breaks up with a girl goes on his player arc and then right around I do is where he finds somebody that really loves, loves him to pieces and then she breaks his heart and that's where Answer your phone comes in.

(2h 16m 55s):
Mm. And it's, it's like, you know, kind of like a, a story of karma, which I think a lot of people underestimate when they out here being plays. So, so the Next album gonna be, I got somebody else to answer the phone. Yeah. Now We on Journey. Who knows? I mean, honestly like I'm documenting as I go bro. So it's just like trying to, trying to live a, a good lifestyle so that the music is potent. You know, I think it's gonna be important, you know, when You broke up, when you got outta your long-term relationship. Yeah. Did you, was there a period where you fucked away the pain? Absolutely. And that's not healthy. Did It work? So? No. Right. No it It is a horrible way to do it. Just giving yourself to people. Yeah. You came up to Z can.

(2h 17m 36s):
Yeah. Oh, not the bottom. So Frustrating. But I feel like for me, this was a, this was a album of self-reflection. You know, I really got into meditation, you know, I, my produce rooms fucked a little bit. Like, Yo, you, you know, she fucked you up. You start going Up. Nah, It is what It is. That nigga High yoga man. Fucked kind of full, Full hippie mode. But When she started dating again, did you find out? Oh Absolutely. Yeah. You was hurt. Damn. That's what Started tried to spin the block too. I said oh, straight Bubble wave. Wave Oh Shit you got, that's Why you cut them niggas off. Damn it.

(2h 18m 17s):
Nah. Kind of crazy. Yeah. Take some water, man. Fuck That happens. It happens. Yeah, We were they still homies. And how did you find out all of this? Hey listen, you know the streets talk, you know the shit Happens. Oh, you stalked to Gram. All right. Nah, stalk to Gram Talks. Nah, literally, Literally, you know, you know it's got a little phone call. I said, oh, okay. Well Do you appreci appreciate those calls or do you rather them not happen? I'd rather they don't happen. Why you Nigga? Because it's none of my business. I'm, Y'all know I loved it her. Yeah. Yeah. It is none of my business, you know, but it all makes for good songs, man. Was he better than you in anything? Maybe rapping? Oh. Shit. Oh. Oh wait, she got with another musician with a spitter.

(2h 18m 57s):
She Got with a fuck. She got with a spitter. Oh no. We got her. Damn yo. Man, that's crazy. She's cool. Like a known rapper. Somebody you might know. I don't know. I ain't gonna ask no names. I ain't asking no names. But. yeah, I mean, I ain't trying to get, but I ain't trying to get messy. But not, Not A local rapper. No, definitely not a local rapper. Fuck That nigga. Oh No. Worldwide Rapper. No first fight. You know, first fights flighted too. You heard of Slaps in Italy? No. Oh. Shit? No Oh. Shit. Yeah. Not in the garden. That's how it goes. That's the game. It builds Character though. That's What It Is. It builds character. It is what It is. You know what I'm saying? Keep pushing.

(2h 19m 37s):
I'm happy you saying It is what It is. But it wasn't It is what it was when we found out, man. But I'm happy that you grew. Yeah. Did I say that? What I'm Meditation works Well, meditation Play cool nigga Play cool. Keep It if the nigga up, you know, you don't want set no balls your way. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It is what It is. It is what It Is. Hey, hey. We have a, a debate up here every now and then. Would you have felt better if it was a nobody dude? Nah, I, I mean honestly, regardless, like, I'm not tripping bro. Like life is good. I, I'm super blessed right now and I'm working on some amazing shit. I don't really take anything like that personal. It just is what It is. She wasn't with me. What's Your Sign? I'm a Leo.

(2h 20m 18s):
I'm a Leo too, Man. Yeah, yeah. Confident in shit. Like I'm good. But We be fronting a little bit. But I got you. I know that's, that's the, now when you first found in the moment, I wasn't feeling that Your stomach wasn't confident Leo. I wasn't really feeling That Leo hit the streets for life after they get done off. Leos are in the streets for the rest of their life after that Man Break man. Well I don't want that for myself. We see what's up. Nah, you go. You gonna be all right? Yeah. Yeah. All right. So he's got marriage in his plans, his touring business, at least for the album. Getting hard, hard tickets, get married for the album And then see what happens. Do that, that you know. Nah, that's Divorce Album might be lit too. That's True. Divorce album. Parks.

(2h 20m 58s):
He's documenting. He's documenting, finding Love, you know what I'm saying? So That Is great. That sound expensive. Yo. How old are You? I'm 31. Yeah, so it's around that time for me. Nah, It's about that time man. Yeah. It is around that time. What I That time to what? 31? Like 31 to 35. I'm thinking It is like my, my range is like, you know, giving myself RB niggas Range Rover. No, my range to maybe find my person, get married, do the Whole thing. This how to get the business. Where should doing Brooklyn. I'm From New York. I'm from Brooklyn. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah. It Work. Yeah. Parents Two parent household. Yeah. Well no, my parents are divorced but you know, my stepfather was amazing. My stepmom's amazing. So it's like, you know, four Four parents. Yeah, four parents.

(2h 21m 38s):
It was lit. And actually, you know what's funny? My mom and my stepdad had an independent record label in the early two thousands. Oh that's crazy. And they dropped a record called Pump It Up, Oh Shit. What year was it? What year? This nigga you wrecked my whole house. Oh Shit. He wrecked my whole house, Bro. Like everybody was stressed. They put mad money, put they life savings Into this. That's crazy. Here come Def Jam, bro. That's funny. You dropped went insane. It was like, okay. Yeah. Wow. It's so Funny. So this pumping up wasn't as much of a slap as his pumping up.

(2h 22m 18s):
I don't, nah, it's okay. Say but it was a beautiful song. You know what I mean. Shout to Wise. So that's my goal for life. Beautiful song. You know, it was just like, it was a funny moment. Now looking back At it, bro, we don't find it. Don't find it. Life is funny like That. Life is funny like That. Yeah. Full circle bro. So you won't be getting anybody Christmas gifts. Why not? I mean, I think because you're Searching for your person. Yeah. He just went to Italy and found somebody else. Three of 'em, I mean. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck you talking about. I Feel like a Christmas gift. Could be chill. Something chill. Nothing too epic though. I mean, if I really like a girl, yeah. I'm Down. Nothing too epic. Yeah. That could be misleading. Nothing. I mean like, you know nothing too. What What's Epic I'm talking about or like What's not a Laptop or something like, like, you know, super expensive.

(2h 23m 3s):
The Laptop thinking like something chill. Something chill. You saying? But wait, the laptop is epic. The laptop is too expensive. Nah, not too, I don dunno for me, I'm gonna be real. I'm cheap bitch shit. But like yeah, that's hot. You heard Leos are usually very generous and ton. Yeah. You know, hearing that, hearing That we could get like a MacBook Air or something like that. Something You know what I mean? Like re get a refurb This shit. Crazy. Last year's bottle and shit. Yeah. Get used Shit. Nah, nah. It is Fil figure it out. We saving right now. But. Yeah. Oh my God. So yo, you, you moved from Brooklyn to la?

(2h 23m 44s):
Yeah. Yeah. I moved from Brooklyn to LA That's when I was doing all the Nickelodeon stuff. They moved my whole family to Los Angeles. Big move at like 16, 17. Oh, so you've been out there for a minute. I've been out there for a nice minute. Man. You didn't experience some of that wild shit that we've seen in the dock, right? No. That's invasive. No, absolutely not. Jesus. It was straight to me. And I mean My mom, she's really, she does not fucking play. You know? So It is not like, I was just there alone the whole time. you know what I mean? She was always like holding it down. And I, I feel like my energy too is very standoffish. There's no, there's no energy that whatever lead somebody to believe that they could try me. Yeah. Shout out to mom. Yeah, for sure. My protector for sure. She was your momager. Yeah.

(2h 24m 24s):
I feel like I'm like her startup. Like we really worked together. I mean being a child after, Well well after, after they pump all the money into the joint. Yeah, all the money into the record You know what I mean. You had to. Yeah you had to spin the block, bounce back. Shout out to Joe You. right. Y'all wanna hear that song too? I gotta find It. I know. It's somewhere out there online for Joe. Got You. Pump it up. Oh my. I'm find that shit. What's the one thing you hate about Torn? I won't say hate but could Do Without. Yeah, I could do without the wear and tear on the body. I mean, you know, I just did another tour where I was opening up, opening up for a blast and blast.

(2h 25m 8s):
I took like probably like 20 flights or something like that. I mean flying every day. Different airport. Oh, Shit Get rough You know what I mean. Yeah it was definitely, it was definitely tough. It is a real grind, you know? Yeah, for sure. Especially 'cause I'm not doing it on like a crazy super high level. Yeah. It is opener. There's not a lot of of help you heard So I'm, you know, I'm doing what I can to just make it work. Mm. Yeah. Economy. Nah, still flying first but you know it's different. Yo. But still. But still like yeah It is not, you Have to carry your bags. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Tap in 20 twice in a row. I mean you'll see. Nah, It is, yeah that's Rough. No it's work. It is. Yeah It is definitely work. And at that wear and tear on the body.

(2h 25m 48s):
It's a It is a real thing. A real Nah For sure. For sure, for sure. Gotta Be sick all the time. Health conscious Dapping, All types of Germs. Just a lot going on. Meet and greets. Meet and greets. Meet and greets. I'm Doing all that. Hey, How much that meet and greet. Hey you know something special? I think we're doing like Chris Gray. How much is that Meet and greet? No, no the price of it. The price. I think it's like $200. Okay. Y'all niggas boy that's the way it's at $200 times. How Many people, I mean you know we're getting like you eighty two hundred, a hundred fifty. Like I feel like the entire music industry stole the meet and greet from Tech Nine. Oh Word. Word. That's a fact. That's how I feel. Was He the first one doing it? That's a Fact. The first one I could think of. That's a fact man.

(2h 26m 28s):
You know somebody different. Chris Green, you a dinosaur. You old as me. No older than me actually in This. shit. Can you think of somebody that started doing meet and greets before Tech Nine? That's Crazy. Nah, I would want a piece of everybody's meet and greet. Trade mark. The meet and greet if he was Tech right. Oh. yeah. you might sound a certain way. Tech Tech got a lot of money anyway. He does. He's doing all right. That How business in America goes. Yeah. I I if I ain't think of a concept and y'all go on to use that concept that To Snapchat for the best. Go pat A meet and greet. I mean I didn't think of it call I stole it from Tech two Call.

(2h 27m 9s):
That shoulda touch. I went on that. I went on that tour. See what going On. Crazy Nigga that you got Jack. I hear you. You gonna get sued alright. Nah, God damnit. All right. I don't have, I don't have anything else 'cause he does have to go. He does have to make make the tour. Shout to Boston. Yeah. I appreciate A lot Of fun times in Boston too as a single man. Good Vibes. Good vibes. Definitely some good vibes. Boston K Bird. You like K Bird's? Yeah, for sure. Hey Y'all think it's funny? Yeah if you know, you know if you know you. That's a fact. And they be I trilingual, qua trilingual Nigga Respect.

(2h 27m 52s):
Is there anybody, is there anybody tell me what albums or artists you are waiting for? I'm waiting for, I'm waiting for Frank Ocean to come back and drop some shit. Oh. Why? I want to hear some Old shit. Why? Wait, wait right there. Yo, you not fucking with Frank. You don't fuck with Frank It is. No we do but Frank is do you have, do you have some inside you know, information He's working for sure. Okay. For sure. Definitely in the studio. Cooking with niggas. I know I'm short circuiting in here. We gonna loudest I believe that he's working but I don don Dunno if getting anytime soon he could be working alright. Yeah, he could work. There's a movie dropping with a 24 It is it's It is all on the way.

(2h 28m 34s):
So I'm excited for that. He might know something. I'm just saying like I know that shit. Know some the Bernice shit. We, we, we, we'll get that. We'll get the Andre 3000 rap album before that Andre. I mean so we'll get that before we, y'all think He's just never gonna drop again. I think Frank don't give a fuck about music or nothing. Uhuh. He don't care. So tell me your thoughts on, I don't know if it's real or not, but the rumor from a couple of weeks ago that Frank posted on his burner on the Reddit. Did you see that? No, I Actually didn't see that. Oh, the rumor was going around. Hey we found Frank Ocean's Burner on Reddit. Okay. But they say that all the time.

(2h 29m 14s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But this person wrote, I wanna almost find one of y'all Googled the, the shit. But he was saying how, I don't know how much longer I want to participate in in this Wow. And do this losing touch with reality. Nothing has seemed real ever since I started recording and became this. Don't, don't get me wrong, I'm extremely grateful and, and blessed and yada. That's crazy. But like I just feel like whatever the fuck he was saying, but it was really deep and sounded Frank Ocean Ish. Yeah. So I don't doubt that he's working. So when you say he is working, no, No, no. I have a homie, Dylan Wiggins, who worked on a lot of stuff with Solange and his pop, his uncle is Raphael Sadik.

(2h 29m 59s):
Really, really talented producer and musician. And I know they were doing like probably around like six months ago, eight months ago, you know, some sessions in Miami and I was like kind of jealous. I wanted to be at those sessions too. You know so well, I would, I was like, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I definitely, you know, to me as a fan, I, I was pretty excited to hear that he's back in the, you know, in the studio vibing out. But I got Frank and in the Rihanna, in the Rihanna boat. Yeah. You think So? Huh? Same. Ah, I think that he's making fire to play for himself. Let me ask you this. That's lit actually. That's lit. Nah, real making fire super fucked up for him. And the kickback that he throws whenever he throws it. I don't think it's for mass consumption.

(2h 30m 41s):
Have you ever met him? Who me? Not that I remember. Well, I never met Him either. Not that I, money will come into play sooner or later. What you say? I, I think money will come into play sooner or later. Like he'll have, I don't, I don't believe that I don I don't, yeah, I don't think, I don't, certain people don't matter about him. That's true. I think he's caked the fuck up. Yeah. Too. And I think he'd rather not, he don't give a fuck about, I think he'd rather not be, I think he, you know, if he fuck he, if he caked up, then I definitely believe he's he's caked up. Yeah, he's caked up. Yeah, he's caked up. Yeah. It ain't a money thing. Just off of the shit he wrote on and featured on. Like, he, he's definitely Alright, so you waiting for Frank? Gimme a, a realistic answer. Realistic, yes.

(2h 31m 21s):
Gimme somebody that might actually put An album out. Actually, actually I will say this. I was in the studio with Summer Walker and she has some amazing music on the way as an r and b lover. Like I'm, I'm fucking hyped for that shit to drop. We actually work on some dope shit too. So I hope she keeps it and I hope so Too. That's the, that's the one I'm really hyped about for hopefully next year we'll see, we'll see when she wants to drop. But, you know, I'm a, I'm a fan. It was cool to get the sneak peek and really hear some good vibes. I, I got summer with two classics under her belt and, and hopefully a third on the way. Yeah. That, that girl don't play. She's amazing. She's amazing. And it was like potent. It was like amazing lyrics, great tracks.

(2h 32m 2s):
And it was cool to kind of even, you know, put together a track with her right after I heard a bunch of the joints. And I'm definitely gonna be sending some more stuff her way just to see. Well Why the hell you in tech for your shit? Well man, we'll see what happens. You know, we got some stuff on the way. I don't wanna speak too soon, but I definitely want to want to tap in. I actually just met her for the first time like three weeks ago. So, you know, I'm really hoping we can actually do one for my, my deluxe Possible. So you really, you really are You right? It that you've been around, but like you said, you've really at the beginning of, of something Fly. Yeah. Something fucking dope. That's, I Gonna put em on the map for sure. I can hear it. I can feel it. I see how your peers, I, I see and hear and listening to you how your peers are responding to this body of work.

(2h 32m 45s):
For sure. Phone ringing, tour, What's go Depends The features. Yeah. That's, that's how this thing goes man. Trajectory is point. Yeah. I'm super excited to, to, to watch your journey. MU's gonna be A deluxe. I appreciate that. Yeah, I, I'm definitely doing a deluxe for MUTT. You know, I've been talking with Anderson Pack and a couple other big homies that I feel like could really just add like elements to a big Sean. Like, like, like all of my homies that I worked with in the, in the past like three years, four years. I'm just tapping in with now to say, okay, how can we, you know, really point more fingers back to this copyright as an album and you know, we missed the mark to be able to be nominated for this year's Grammys shit.

(2h 33m 26s):
So it's like we, we got a year of like promoting this motherfucker. So I got, I wanna make sure that the Lux is going crazy. We gotta swing, you know what I'm Saying? How many, how many more songs are you gonna Add? I'm looking just to give y'all the exclusive. I'm looking to do like five extra songs. Okay. And then like maybe one remix of the joint that people really like. Yeah. That mu remix. Yes. Freddy Freddy. Freddy, Freddy, Freddy Snapped. He sent that back same day. So like, he just blacked out. He Seemed like one Of 'em Deuces and that's my boy too. So it was cool, it was cool to get that call. 'cause you know, sometimes when you hear like, yeah, yeah, he's thinking about it but then to get the actual phone call and you know, get the record right back same day was was a, was a dope moment.

(2h 34m 8s):
Yeah. Freddy needs to be in a mental institution. He's sick, he's insane. He's not only is he sick, but I'm sure that he related to a lot of the, the content on the project. Oh absolutely, absolutely, Absolutely. Definitely resonated with my brother, you know what I'm saying? Resonated. That's when, when Thes come right back, I didn have to look for the he to in the garden. Facts. Facts. And that's the dope shit about have to walk, walk in the the garden. You could get some shit off like on the feature that you maybe not want to do on your shit. Exactly. Yeah. But he wanted to kick a few bitches backs in that he couldn't really do on his album his own shit.

(2h 34m 52s):
Yeah, yeah. A little bit of that too. That that was your bag. Yeah. That's funny. Yeah. But I feel like that's new for forever. I'm happy about that. I'm happy about that. Yeah because he been, should have been kicking bitches anyway. She sheesh Yeah man. Y'all got anything else because I will not be the reason that he misses the Boston show. Nah, nah, nah. I gotta do it. I gotta do it. But I really appreciate y'all for real. Thanks for coming Being Pod This was kind of surreal. Super dope man. It was fine. Good Luck in Boston. Listen, Everything comes rest of full circle man. Nah, for sure. We're extremely happy for you up here. Yo Man, I really appreciate that. For real. And if you need our support in the future, unless you fall off then don't reach out to I heard But I heard you Heard.

(2h 35m 34s):
If you still, if your trajectory stays the same we we Here. Nah, I appreciate that man. I'm gonna keep swinging. I appreciate y'all. That's wrong. Unless You fall off is really crazy Shit. And for the record, I don't, I don't, I don't foresee it. I don't see that. Nah I like that. I don't see that for you. I talent seems legit bad. The flip side of That is when when it hits sky high you gotta still come back and Yeah don't about it. Don't do the other side of that. People say that. No you don't. If you get fucking Dwayne Johnson outta here then we wouldn't understand. Nah I don't hear that shit. Nah, nah, nah. Bring in man. I really appreciate y'all for real. Back One time man.

(2h 36m 15s):
Make some noise. Respect. Make some fucking noise. Leon Thomas Mu album out now in your phone on DSPs. He's on tour. We got a MUTT deluxe coming. Yeah, let's Go, let's go Turn up late that sit man. Let's go Love all y'all much love. Good dude. Leon Thomas for sure man. Yeah I fuck with him. Super cool. Super talented talent. Love. it was crazy music. Good personality, good guy. I'm rooting for him. Same, same, same, same. For sure. Can't wait For that Deluxe. Yeah same. Yeah Y'all really love that album yo. Y'all ain't stop talking about that shit. You haven't listened to it. I'm not RB guy but It doesn't matter. Yes, it's that good. I think it work. Okay That's fire though. That's why I didn watched the office.

(2h 36m 56s):
Same reason but I'm going with a record by Valiant and this song is called Little. Red. Riding.

(2h 37m 38s):
The time of what the fuck is That is had the time of New Joe Biden.

(2h 39m 39s):
It's brand new music from Valiant record is called Little. Red. Riding available in your phones and on DSPs right this second. Tough News. Good shit, good shit. I'm going to Fayetteville. This is Out The Hole by Morray. You got me? Yeah I got you. Let's go Wonder where Morray Nigga made it.

(2h 40m 28s):
Out The Hole ain't where live nigga. No You be acting like you nigga. No but you nigga don't really fucking Know Nigga three front and bottom to the nigga made it. Out, The, Hole, Snoop Cri. This ain't where used live nigga. You Be acting like you nigga know but you nigga don't really fucking know. Light took step back now and back in almost gave up. Bitch lying loaded up 10 strap in not the motherfucking rapper city Natural in money Ma like bait so much money bait gonna be This shit like this.

(2h 41m 19s):
I just to dib like this and now get merged from the My shed. I'm down I gotta go. Got that too far away. But right here it goes Got it mother where nigga You Be acting like you nigga but you nigga don't really fucking know nigga, nigga mother where we used to live nigga. No You be acting like you nigga know but you nigga don't really fucking know fucking living How y nigga y'all do my nigga no Bamboo.

(2h 42m 14s):
I mean now my kids than me. It is type I what I down G I'm nigga watch speak humble. Learn to be assertive when they come them niggas be trying to find an exit after getting them shouldn't come with the press. But nowadays niggas want an extra piece of the box but can bake they own cake. So I ain't give no mind be Tony Hawk get on board, nigga run bottom to the nigga it Out The, Hole where used live nigga. No you be acting like you nigga know but you nigga don't really fucking know.

(2h 42m 54s):
Nigga three s go Front Bottom nigga it Out, The, Hole Where live Nigga You be acting like you nigga but you nigga don't fucking And That is Out. The Hole by Morray. That was fired. Glad glad Morray is back man. I was wondering you know what's been going on. Yeah it's good to hear from him. Absolutely good To hear from him. I'm going to DMV. This is Cord Day and Kanye No Bad News.

(2h 43m 37s):
No news today. No Bad News today No Bad News today. Nothing to prove today. No news today. No Bad News today. Nothing to prove today. Times I use today, I got a call from my nigga MCO doing the bid 30 years but still the same nigga I knew as a kid put a smile on his face to see me doing my shit. I asked did he have commissary and he said is she lit? And this mom just graduated. She just got her degree and on the phone out here is Glee. He bought his proudest can beat. We spent the hour remini this how he was wild on the street but by his attitude you think he's getting out in the week? He told me No news today. No Bad News today. No Bad News today.

(2h 44m 17s):
Nothing to prove today. No news today. No Bad News today. Nothing to prove today. Times I used to pray. She's just, Hey running the bro. That's bad news. Gang affiliated tattoos. The stakes is high like wa goo but shit. Who asked you? Top down in the Jack coup them boys really from the concrete. They'll make your wig split like a rap group. Okay, now got bread. So I'm staying out the way now. First class from the Greyhound. You should have stayed down playing James. No more Buff Downs bro.

(2h 44m 57s):
Just came home from a touchdown. I told him don't look back or fuck around. He never listened. Say you on demon time. It is the exorcism, bro. Cop lows and talk my name and throw some extras in it. So much money paling my accountants earning their percentage. My daughter's the heirs princess I took of the Paris Venice, her closet and embarrassed bitches. Chanel diaper bag. Fuck. I don't like the brag. She flies just like a dad. Humble. Just like a mom. I sit back and write my rhymes. Think about this life of mine while listening to life and times no news today. No Bad News today. No Bad News today. Nothing to prove today. No news today. No Bad News today. Nothing to prove today. Times I used to pray.

(2h 45m 42s):
That's Corde Kanye West No Bad News Corde album is super tough. Check It out. I'm dying to finish that album bro. Check it out. I'm going to young lady. Her name is SAILORR and the song is POOKIE Requiem Sounds on. I Need to let you go, you Bushwick Memes and music.

(2h 46m 22s):
I'll be happy. I'll happy a mini she Meet you Mom. You get a doggy name after me. Hey Boogie. In an alternate reality aqui, I got me a real snotty nose from fucking with these real snotty and I've accepted that Life goes new. Fuck it. Yeah, I'm gonna wreck up on my dreams.

(2h 47m 3s):
Yeah, I'm gonna wreck. Oh POOKIE. Oh happy. Oh be happy you a mini let she Meet you after me. Hey, In reality, a true thing, love dream Thank you.

(2h 47m 48s):
That is SAILORR POOKIE revenge. I like it. I didn't really know what to expect with that SAILORR. Yeah, me neither. I thought it was about to be some by some fis. I did too. What you got for us, Mel? Mine is by Ombre. It's part two. DRAKE and Drive. We played this already. Huh? It don't matter. I like it. I leave it.

(2h 48m 28s):
You my son.

(2h 49m 44s):
I wanna tell you I make songs for women this perfect time. Think I need some money. I know you gonna try to find me when my new shit drop. That won't make me stop. Just come through. It is you right?

(2h 50m 27s):
Spinning back. Best way to put it up these days. I'm so detached. I try not to.

(2h 51m 28s):
Hey It is Ombre Park two, drink and drive. Shout to Ombre. Love Ombre. That shit is a Vibe. Friend of the show. Ombre, we love you if you're listening For sure. Oh man, listen man, keep us in your prayers.

(2h 52m 8s):
Lord knows we need to be there until the next time I bid. You would do Fa Adio, Cereba. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments fast. So let's make this one last as if it's all we.

(2h 52m 48s):
Lastly the he say insecure, the stagnant women wanna travel to close minded women. Hey, Want you to teach some things. Try to be the Man we can play. We can plans anybody. We can plan we outside Man. Yeah. Going outside. Okay. Okay. Gang is outside. Yeah. God damn. Y'all said that kind of fast. That's what's up. Yeah. Not me. I'm gonna be outta town. I'm in the crib inside. I'm waiting for that football game. Sunday. Who you got? Baltimore. Oh Yeah. Let's see what y'all made of. That's it. I got Baltimore. Let's get it. That's that's cool. You can have though. Where I got Pittsburgh? God Damnit. It is in Baltimore, pa.

(2h 53m 29s):
I don't know. Oh, I don't care. Y'all usually do good against The raid, right? Not usually. We've been kicking they ass. Now see, you gotta see it. Why are you talking not in the mic?

(2h 54m 10s):
Why are you not talking in the mic? Why are you Talking in the mic? Because we're at work. Private conversation. No it ain't. You can say It is say it. No. Yeah. This is my son right here. This is my girl. Don't fucking not running from it. You are my son. Listen. Hey, send her this song please. Can you email? You got Mel's email? No. 'cause here's the Situation. No, I'm not talking You do you have males email? I do have Mel's. I know the song. Song when you get home. Just in this song. Now you can't. I swear. But you don't have it. Swear. I feel like this is like cocaine. Eighties or some shit like that. Ice Stand at the song please. It's an ep. You just can't get anymore ice. Please. So if you have This shit in, I'm Not talking about You ice, I mean the average person. So just because you have it in Serato doesn't mean that I'd be able to find this Crack heads.

(2h 55m 4s):
I left it just for the white girl curse out that I knew was coming. You know what you knew was, you know J-B-B-J-B.