
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. How's Everybody doing? Feeling great. Every great, awesome. Feeling Good? Awesome. Awesome. Mel, you got an extra glow to you today. Do I? Yes. Yeah, you do. And first of all, you came in smiling, shining. I did. Spoke to everybody. You know what I mean?


About the bag of cheese. Shit was lit. Right? Came with the pan. Right? She walked in and said, where's my theme music? I did shit did on the walkin. What would the theme music be? Yeah. She said, what? You want us? She said, the champ is here. The champ is here. Let see if that's in the Serato for Big Man. Yeah, The champ Is here. Have you heard it before? I, yes. I ever heard That was You caught the subliminals. I mean, there's no subliminals. It's, it's like it's it's blatant. It's outright. Yes. There we Go. Alright. Skewed up. Skewed up. Whenever you ready. Oh, uhoh. I'm ready. Uhoh Been ready. Oh, Sh Born. Ready?


The add some more to that. Come on. That's just some, yeah. There you go. Yeah. Alright. Mel has touch it. Pulled out a ice cream screen. Mel has pulled out her Gracie Award and it's kind of heavy. She curled. It is in here. He took it from crack to rap. Now out Anthems a year. Hold up. Make some noise. Hold up. Make some noise. Thank you Foodie. Who?


Too quiet in the room right now. Hold up. Act like y'all been around a Gracie Award winner before. Ain't nobody else ever pulled that box out, nigga. That's a fact. That's right. It's a fact. Freeze. Yeah. How do you feel? I feel, yeah. Do you have a speech? Well, mark already acknowledged my glow. Yes. So that, that might be part of the reason. Oh, That's not the speech. Maybe a little bit. That's not the speech. Well, I would like to thank everybody for, you know, for, for acknowledging this win. I would like to thank my cast here for constantly being supportive. Give yourself a round applause. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Thank You. Thank you. Alright. I would like to thank the Alliance for Women in Media.


Thank you so much for this prestigious national award. Thank you very much. And I'd also like to thank my haters who are very, very motherfucking quiet right now. Haven't heard of Peep outta y'all motherfuckers. Not a motherfucking peep. And y'all are gonna be so Sick of me. Well, because maybe they don't know what the what the Oh, You, You right. They prob You, You Right. They probably don't know what this award is. They probably have no clue what this fucking award is. 'cause they will never get into motherfucking room to win this Award. Reverse car. Exactly. That was very good. An award that has been given to Oprah Winfrey to hold a coffee to fucking Gayle King and every else. You, everyone And Melyssa Fucking Floor and Melyssa motherfucker Talk about it.


Okay. I also noticed something. What did you notice? Notice you got some new earrings. Who bought them? I was watching how you notice that? Who bought it was shining. Her shit used to be cloudy. I like she shit are shining out the box. I can't see. So somebody make some noise, man. Stop playing with big mail. You didn't buy that yourself. I, you know what, as a matter of fact, I did. I bought them as a congratulatory gift to myself. Shout out to you, Mel. Talk that shit. Shout out to it. Looks nice. Love it. Thank you. It looks nice. Please don't lie. Did somebody give you the money to buy it like some old school shit? Oh yeah. Yourself? Say it felt like anti Gracie to ask that question, but I was wondering that.


No, no. I bought them as congratulations to myself. You went to Kas. I mean, Kay's. Did you go into Kay's? I did not go into Kays. You went to a jeweler? Yes. Okay, good. That's, yes. It looks nice. I'm proud of you. Thank you. Why would shout out to all the women in the category that we beat? Shout out to all the women in the category that we Too much to name. Yes. Absolutely. Yes. Yes. 50 of them. It's too much to name but You. Too many to name. Yes. But yes. What's the category? The category is, hold on. Oh, you Don't know the category. I know. I'm next year. We ain't give my shit. I'm reading the official engraving on the Gracie Award. Sure. You just, You just be accepting shit. Hey, Thank you.


That's tape. That's tape. But it's okay. Give a Category. Okay. Don't d him. Don't d him up. Don't dab him up. You right. You right. I take my D back. Okay. I My dab. No way. Thank you. So you won Naked to see me. Hell you hook Mel re Hot and bothered with Melyssa Ford Original online programming video podcast. That's what that says. Engraved Dope. That's the Category. Yeah. Thank you. That was the category that I won in's and there was a lot of incredible women in that room. Lot of amazing stories.


I felt. I felt, well Who else was in the category? I felt like I was amongst my ilk. It says who? It doesn't matter. Who Doesn't matter. Everybody that says Honor being nominated. Yeah. Until you win. Samantha. Samantha Dodgers Ba The podcast about Stop the Hate campaign. Come on. Just congratulate your little sis. Just congratulate You. Right. It is a great Thank you. It is a big honor. No, It is. We we Extreme me proud. Extremely proud. You. Quick. What'd you say, mark? For, for an award for all. It is all for women, right? Yes. It's the organization is the Alliance for Women in Media.


Yes. That's dope. Why do they make the award so phallic? I was just genuinely curious. Mm, you think it's, yeah, This is actually, you know. Is it a woman? Yes, it's a woman. That's your, it's based off of Grace. It's a Gracie Does. It does look a little bit like my angle. A little bit different. Turn it around from, looks a little turn Around. Okay. Now like the, okay, I now I see it. You guys are, You guys need help From this angle. I can't see a woman. It just looks like now I see it like a woman Now. It looks like a, or like an ice cream scoop. Yeah. That part Looks like, like a, Yeah man. I'll skip my inappropriate Joe. Why join in in the fun Pizza cutter meat? There's Only one way to be able to tell.


Look at that shit. Yo. Original Online Pro. Oh shit is crazy. I'm proud of you. Thank you. That's dope. Yo yo, little proud yo. So I went and bought myself a case for all my future wins. Ah, For the Gracie. Like you're just straight going for Gracie's. Oh, no, no, no. I'm going for all of them. I'm going for all of them. NAACP Weby. I'm going all of them. NAACP is a tricky one for you. What? What's what, what side are you gonna stand for? Color. Thank you. Cut him off. Mark, help me. Deia is for color. She, she's she good? Oh yeah. Okay. I got you. De Yeah. You good? Thank you. Hey, she's black so she can win an naacp.


Oh. She could totally win the Naac. I mean, she's eligible because she win it. That's it. Without, without Payola. I don't think she's In the back. There's no such thing as Payola and the naacp. It's all merit. It's all merit. Paul, Paul, me, everything Melyssa Award she's gonna get is gonna get be. 'cause she's earned it and I believe it. I thanks. I think you can get all of them. Thank you. I actually was thinking bigger. Don't you think we though? Like go be beyond. Got it. Well I, that's what I'm saying. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. E got, yeah, E got Well you act You That's what I'm saying. Like you could, you could get Oh no, no, I'm just talking strictly about podcasting here. Oh, I see, I see you on Broadway. We just letting Mandy know what's good right now. So. Yeah, I I actually have been off Broadway though. Oh Okay. See You right in the, you're in the rub. You're in the game. Yeah. You know?


Yeah. Thank you. You put out a little spoken word album or something. Now you got the e got tied up. You right there one time Round. Applause Ford. Who? Who fucking Thank you Riches that we don't know about. We never heard. Which is Five views. Melyssa Ford came and smoked throughout the park. We are proud. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you. I appreciate that. Thank you. I appreciate that. One of the best distracts ever. Who, who? Who got this in this record? Man, It's subliminal. You gotta listen carefully. Absolutely. I never thought about that way. Yeah, That technically works. But I she body this shit Like who's he talking to?


Yeah. Somebody. Somebody Who Fuck That. A Streets. Yes sir. Means I took off. Y'all talk shit like little children in building because I can't stand in the window. Make hot flooding your block the best way professionally. Don't poisoning your ex bro. Sit on wall, take the shots of Louis to a fall. Nothing to lose. Just slow the clip up in the groove and brown to the poster. So I swear big. Move my team. You would think we don't Give a fuck down.


Make niggas lock it down. Y'all know where to buy it now. I supply it now my squad deep two five mistakes of I need one of y'all to be a DJ in the club. If, if, if I get a DJ in the club over this right now, I'll go body something outside. I'll go outside and slide something. If somebody just starts screaming right that second over the song, I'm gonna go air something out. Tell us Coat last few weeks. You got it.


Make nigga Go back to the house. Hey all You. I probably do 10 in the box. Happy Birthday kid. What up Out There? Lock this Rap shit don't work nigga. Stealing the to me J Them niggas on your ass in them Bitch streets chubby. We heard. I Heard him. Nigga. Nice. And the price is much cheaper. Yes sir. You gonna buy it? Put it in the bag. You gonna try it Nigga Kanye West back without my large sleeve, my hard hat.


No matter if I'm opening up. Go man. Come on. Speed limit Red line. No I ain't got it. Bedtime. Anything I'm on is a classic. Any nigga ever had beef with Son is a bass. Anytime I spit, spit as rough, you heard we got the Yeah, I mean keep this applause going for the best crew in the universe, man. Get these drops out the way real quick.


Excuse me sir, I'm sorry. I have to wait. You, you a doctor. Who was that? It is Mark Hill And, alright, whatever episode is this. 8 29. Welcome to episode 8 29 of the Joe Button podcast. I'm your humble, grateful, gracious, highly favorite host Joe Button here. Not for a long time either. My my boys play tonight. Yeah. It's a fact my boy. You know what I mean? Gotta be in front of the TV tonight. Dodge the bullet on Friday, nigga. I was about to show up at your door talking shit if they, when y'all was down 20, I was lacing up my sneaks dog. I know you was feeling sick when you thought they was about to be down three, but that's when we really started playing.


Oh God. That's what y'all was waiting for First team in the play by play era to come back from a 20 point Jefferson three times in the playoffs. I mean, come on man. Yeah, come on. It's Nick stuff. I told you. Worry about summer camp scouting reporters. Looking at the young players, seeing what you're gonna do with that third pick. I mean, lottery team shouldn't really, You know what I mean? I you know what? You got me just two more, two more games. So you paces in five. Listen, we comfortable on the road but we'll talk about this later. Yep. Indeed.


This episode is brought to you by Fuel. By Power by PrizePicks PrizePicks Gang. To my right. Come on man. You know the motherfucking vibe Gracie Award.


Gracie Acting like she was on the highway but she was Willy in the crib. Huh? Because I went back and listened to that episode. Get the lies off Miss. I'ma bake the mac and cheese in real time and you guys are gonna taste it in the park. Round of applause for the winner. Miss Melyssa Savannah. Thank you. Thank you very much. So all right. You know who I am. You know what I'm about. Talk to me. You know what I came here to do. The JBP. We are here. Queens motherfucking flag to my right light-skinned man is back. Huh? White man can jump according to him.


But if they do they break their limbs. I hear you. You know who that is. Nigga Rooftop missing but still look good 'cause of the Eyes Library. Ronald Applause. My man is so here's right nigga. I wear shorts with a hoodie nigga because I know what's goody The missing peace at home. She know what time It is. Huh? Shades shade. Shade Sha Walk on shade. Ride Applause for my nigga. Free Big Freeze is right. You know who that is? Escaped the coat. Escaped the coat and got his doctrines. Nigga his masters even don't get it. While he was in there, he had to leave. He survived. Homelessness nigga, Big man survive Homelessness.


He is the nigga that beat the bear. He fought. The band won intellectually. Nigga grab applause for my man who has people on his night school show doing shit while he runs up to donations. My man, Dr. Lamar. Mark LA We got the best in the world. Rest in the world. Why? You think we sound the way we sound? We could yell and the fucking levels be the same. Mm. Ronald fucking applause for the German engineer, my man. Pickety Parks. Thank you. Happy to be here And everybody else Ericsson whatever. Peace, Peace, peace. Everybody else else.


What up y'all? All your niggas? Yeah. Gay. Thank you. Flip. That Was fun. That was fun. That was excellent. Yeah, we in the business. You gotta do that all the time. That was kind of fire. Yeah. I love y'all niggas. I love y'all Man. Look at pony ass niggas there. You gotta do that all time. I'm just saying. Damn. He got kind of ill with that old Audience. I'm a little under the weather so I ain't gonna be here for too long. But I missed everybody so I Yes sir. He did stop by but damn freeze. Way to turn cold. Nah, I ain't turn the cold man. It's, it's all for the team. It's all for the team. We say shade. We did say shade with the shades. We did. We gonna leave first then be like this the squad right here. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's coming for sure. A nigga leave. Go use the bathroom guys. This is, It Is.


Hold on. We got It is, What the fuck is wrong with you though man? I don't like how you sounding. I'm worried about you. My son just got me sick. Okay. That's all. And then he got better. Okay. And didn didn't. That's what he, You thought you got a sinus infection? That's all I got a little, some homeopathic stuff if you want it. Mm. Little garlic. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Colloidal silver. Wrong word, wrong oil of oregano. I'll strike you as homeopathic. Yes. Actually yes. First. Yes. Second. I'll send you some stuff man. Thank you. I'd appreciate that. Yeah. What Should he take for sinuses? He do some, what would you say Ish? I know you colloidal silver. I would do that. I would do some garlic. Always do some vitamin C. Always do some garlic. Oh you healthy shit. I other natural stuff. You ain't gotta take the or take an antibiotic. Yeah.


Supered. Yeah psed. Treat the symptoms man. I'm trying to get him get some amoxicillin in there too. Oh, oh, oh. That's the shit you now. This shit we take when we get burn got chlamydia in the nose. How you know that? I about say you don't know enough words to know Amoxicillin. I don't. Hey, I had a pack of amoxicillin, boy. Hey a girl saw that in my cabinet and didn't gimme no box nigga. I know what amoxicillin is. It haunts me. Yes, yes. Shaking give you no box. 'cause Aox girls used to do that. Girls, the bottle was still full. They come and look. I didn't even know that as a, you don't know that women went through your stuff like that when you that I don't that I didn't know that. She went into my, I I remember I never forgot.


She went into my cabinet, took a picture of it and then sent me a text later. I we 1000% do that. Men do that. Y'all don't do that? Nah, hell no. I'm not going in the girl's house to go search a cabinet and shit. Oh. I Might, oh take a really, what? No, y'all niggas is crazy. I went on a date was a date one time. Yeah. I went, I seen it. I go to the bathroom On purpose. Yeah. First thing I do, I people in the medicine cabinet hope nothing fall. I look in there and look for shit and if I see a bottle that looks suspect because you know everybody slip pills in the ball And you jump right on Google. Yo White pill 3 49 back, what the fuck is this? You Crazy. She had Valtrex in the jail time. Yeah, I seen, I seen Trek.


I was like, I got breaking news. That was my, that was my exit on out dates. I got breaking news. I got breaking news and then I was just, I just bounced. I was cool. Look At the journalist. Did that one time and found Valtrex. I swear to God. I did. Yes It Is. I did. So How did you handle that? I wasn't joking. I said I got, I got breaking news. I And never spoke to Her again. No, I'm not supposed to on the street like you're, but like they, no. How Drew handle It is my home girl Handle. You went through your home, were you went through your home girl. What is That's is crazy. Nah, I mean me and shorty was talking but she still my home girl to this day. But, but we ain't ever getting no motherfucker Chacho. Well no she knows. Yeah Deadass now She knows mine. That's how she entered the friend zone. Wow. Well y'all know it.


It is not always on. I know but it ain't always on. Nobody's rolling. What? Looking like over there. Yeah. What you talking about? I'm just joking. Aboutm Crazy. Uch. See that? Yeah man. Anyway, I'll send you some of Oxacillin. Thank you man. I'm be happy that you're here man. Mark got that shit from Dr. Sby himself. Mr. Peace mid shit ain't just the regular Shit. Yeah he got this shit. Yeah he got the, you know Amoxil, He pray over this. He speak to the ancestors and shit and get this shit. Yeah. Sins. Yeah. Miss, miss writing a book right now on the S niggas. How's everyone's Memorial Day? Cookouts great. Yeah. Great family shit. Which I did.


Family shit. I was outside running around, you know, just running around. I, I was barbecue hopping. Okay. And I was just going different barbecues and you know getting plates. I don't really eat that much. But it was was You went to barbecues? Huh? You went to barbecue? Yeah. You remember you were supposed to call me Barbecue hit You right there. Now that was a nigga huh? Yeah. You supposed to text me where you ended up. I ended up in Queens and then JR did bring your name up. I he somewhere in Brooklyn. By the time he brought your name up was too late. It's too late. You know what I mean? I See that. I said you know niggas don't fuck with you. I fuck with you heavy. You crazy. But this, It is not about us. I went to different barbecue and it was great documented and you know, felt good about it's what's up two-ish.


Shit. I ain't leave the house. Did you have something to eat? I mean regular shit, I wasn't no Barbecue, hot dogs, hamburgers. I don't eat that. Okay, got you. Stop your shit man. Fish nigga veggies. What? It's cold. That's what I ate. But y'all didn't go to no cookouts. I ain't go to no barbecue party. Lemme me guess you. No. What you eat outta cookout? Yeah. Let me guess. Mother-in-law went and got the fresh fish out the lake. You know your shit. You wanna pick up your family? Yo. My, my family cooking fresh. Yeah. Got it bro. What I eat outta cookout? Yeah, because you said you don't eat burgers and hot dogs and shit. You don't Uhuh uhm, he don't eat red meat. Turkey Burgers. Turkey burgers. Oh okay, okay. You take 'em with you chicken You bring, you bring with you.


You got a little cooler. Excuse me. Can throw me three of these burger right there for me. Yo only Eat these on this Side. But they're cooking it on top of the something. They don't move it over and clean the shit. They cook it right on top of the beef. It Ain't that serious. My nigga Turkey Burgers and chicken say no more good stuff. Free. What we did free My girl's daughter birthday. So we had a little birthday party for her. That's it. That's it. That's kid shit for me. I ain't got no cookouts, no nothing. But it was amazing. Had my phone off damn near. I ain't really have to deal with no family shit. I was chill. That's Nice to relax. Yes. I'm starting to, Starting to realize shit. Yeah. Yeah. Starting to realize that Right. That's your bag though. You be like taking like regular ordinary shit and putting like 10 on 20 on it.


No, I'm starting to realize keeping my phone. If only we off of you sleep nigga. No, it don't. I'm starting to realize my phone. That's, but that's my problem to realize going into the kitchen by yourself. It is a great, I Love it because yo, You right. But I'm like, this is regular shit We shouldn be doing. I don that's my problem off You. Right. Started, started Realiz. I love what you doing free. Right. But you have fun with the family and shit like that. They said putting a 10 on 20 on you stupid. No, you didn't doing that ma. Nah, nah. We, I babysitted belled on us Friday. I was actually trying to kick it with Ice and Joe on Saturday and the babysitter bell that morning.


So we ended up having kids all weekend, which was fine, our kid. But then, so I had my daughter, my oldest daughter come with her kids. So we just made, so I had the grandkids come. So I just had all the kids at the house for the weekend. We took 'em to Turtleback Zoo yesterday from Memorial Day. Nice. Was there last Which, which, which daughter? The oldest? Yeah, the oldest. Yeah. The one that has two kids. Yep. The one, the one I read more. The one that I met more recently. Mm. So she, she, I drove them up. I had a car bring them up from Philly with the, with the kids. Your newest oldest. My newest oldest. How, how did that feel man? How did was It was great man. My, my son got to spend some time with his nieces, his four and 1-year-old nieces. Some real hood shit, you know? And they, they had a ball at this zoo. They didn't wanna leave. How did they fight each other? Did you have to have a talk like before she got there with anybody? Nah, nah, everybody know. Everybody know everything.


So it's, It is no secrets. You know, he, he gets a little confused with understanding like the family member thing. So I just say they're your cousins for now. They'll figure stuff. Cousins. Yeah. His communication, you know, 'cause you know yo Spanish came back speaking English like motherfucker, like last week outta no, like I have never heard him speak English before. But I think the kids, well he spoke it up here. I told you he, he told us a couple words to you 'cause You know what I mean? And y'all had a good dialogue and Right, right. I had to pace myself a little bit, You know what I mean, bro. But this freeze my man does.


Real, real quick. Did you have to watch the kids? You know, sometimes when kids meet each other they start to play rough. How, how was that? Well, they, they've hung out before, but they are rough. The older one is, is is the roughest. But she's also likes to be a big sister. So I had to just kind watch to make sure they didn't get too rough. And those are your grandchildren. Did you, would you tell them like yo Oh yeah. I, I, I, I checked them and my, and my, and it's all, It is all love. So we, we had a good time. Everybody, everything was smooth. The hardest part was getting 'em to go home. Like everybody wanted to spend the night. I wanted them to stay but just stay at school tomorrow. Got it. But it was, it was wearing three kids. Where you out? Got you. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I ain't see, I, I ain't used to that life nigga. Got one kid wear you out fast. You the box. Oh, I went Upstate, saw the family, cooked out, had a great time, man.


Friends and family came through big dinner. 15, 20 people. Beautiful time. Memorial Day I do dinners, huh? Yeah, Well Memorial Day is my sister, niece, nephew, sister, mom's birthday all is in the same week. Holy shit. So, okay. Got. It's a big, it's a big deal. Mail you won an award. Well that was earlier in last week. And so Memorial Day I was sleeping because I had just flown back on a red eye. But the weekend I was at a wedding, it was Nice. Did you bring the Gracie with you? I did not bring the Gracie to the award or to the wedding. No. Said that was her date. No. Oh wow. And was the wedding nice? The Wedding was beautiful. The wedding was beautiful.


It was my, my friend Taylor and her now husband Josh. Congratulations to them. Everybody looked amazing. It was, it was lovely. So yeah, that was what I did on, sorry, it was Sunday. It was Sunday? Yeah. Good. Okay. It Was good. It was Good. And Monday, Monday I was sleeping. Sleeping because I flew, I flew in on a red eye. I landed at like five in the morning and there was always kind from California. Yeah. That was only kind like, fuck you up And you was, you was just in the crib. You just relaxed. Absolutely nothing for me. The entire weekend outside of the Under Armour camp I went to with my stepson and my girl. Oh. How'd that go? And how did that go Joe? I was in the crib. It was cool. It was freezing out there, but ah Shit. It Was good. You Got any coach talking? You got any more coach talking?


No, not that day. No, not that day. Not that day. You ain't lying. You ain't learn about the backpedal. Keep your hips straight. Oh, they was doing all that shit. They was doing all that fancy shit. They was doing that. So shout out down. That was cool. I was supposed to go to the play the tank play with you guys, but canceled that. Yeah. I just been in the house. I ain't been doing shit. And now my brother, my brothers are preparing for a prom. Yes, sure. Oh yeah, That's right. And we having a lot of trouble with the generational gaps. And the last time I went to a prom and my dad went to a prom, we don't really know all the rules and the kids keep changing shit now. Oh, they want your car. So Like they win. Well first of all, how they getting dressed is different from how we got dressed.


Yeah. Go to the regular, the regular spot. We all just did Tux. Well we didn't go to regular spots, but they doing ing kicks and tuxes cus they just making a Oh it's a big to Do's a production. It's a lot more huge, A lot more of a production today than it was pro Proms are approaching wedding prices. Yes. Damn. That's crazy. Real talk. Nah, it's expensive. Yeah. They're ing they're approaching We on TikTok. These little kids are they, they're showing these pages that are showing how elaborate some of these prom shit. Are they in helicopters? Yeah. Little joke. Niggas getting chopped. So anyway, so that's the thing. My little, my little brother calls me yesterday and says, yo dog, you know the prom is next week.


Need that car. Oh shit. He said it like that. Which, which, which Car? She was pretty frank. Pretty much. Yeah. You talking about the Mayback? We kind of had some of these talks already. And I was like, all right, well who's supposed to be driving? And he was like, pop pop said he would drive. Okay. I Said, so tell Pop to call me. That's it. Right. Pop calls the next day, says, Hey, Ethan wants me to drive him for the prom. That only means a one way. Right. No, he was dead serious. He Would've made back up With Uber back. I said, no pop, you have to pick them up too and take them to whatever Going after them.


He said no, they going home. No they're not. No, they, they're not. I Said, then you still need to take them home. They can't Uber from the prom. So we're dealing with prom stuff right now. That's how old I am. Can your Your brother not drive? He cannot drive my car. You can't drive that. And Joe would, would, would You drive them? Would that be something you do? That's what my dad said. My dad said if it's a one way trip, Joey, why you don't just drive 'em? Why don't you have I don He was your driver. Yeah, Joe. But they want, Oh yeah. Hold on. Wait. They want, they want the experience. They want Joe to, or pop to open the door. It's an experience when it comes to that.


When you open the door, you stand in there and take pictures. So I understand what they want, but I don't understand why wouldn't, why wouldn't they ask their brother? I Told Pop I would just get 'em a chauffeur. One of 'em luxury show for Yeah, They go open the door for the night. Yeah. Yeah. They do that. Hell yeah. That's the best bet. I forgot about this. Yeah. You can't use it. My, my bad. So, so Anthony not going, He's a whole nother story. Alright. He had the wrong date for his girl's prom. Oh Lord. Oh shit. And then he ca she casually just said, yo, you know the prom is tomorrow. Oh shit. So he's running around right this second scrambling trying to prepare for a prom. That's tonight. Oh. Oh My God. And then his prom is next week with my brother.


So it's prom madness right now is all I'm saying. Shout to everybody prepping to go to a prom out here For sure. Prepping your kids for a prom and good luck to y'all. Yeah, That sounds Like a lot. Some of them is under pressure. Nah, shit different. It's different. Like when, when, when people start telling me about all the prices, dues and this, and I'm like, what nigga? Just to get to the prom, you spend four figures. That shit is crazy nigga. Just to get No, I'm talking about to get there. Oh, okay. You know what I'm saying? I ain't telling Chop Top the, they got drop top Rolls Royces, all types of Wow. Crate The Prom is how our friend groups back in the day all stopped talking to each other. 'cause we went and got the stretch limo that Lincoln, all of the parents was supposed to chip in And that somebody, parents And everybody got crazy.


And then it all hell broke loose. And now we can't talk to each other no more. Yeah. Until Sharon gave me my money on God. Hey, yo. Seriously, I real, I drove to my shit Real quick. Mel brought the macaroni and cheese. I did. I did. And she started to make on live prep on live. I watched It a little bit. I was, I was intrigued. I I sent that right to the group text. You had Immediately When I saw, saw Mel on Insta, Insta Live cooking mac and cheese, looking like it was her first time ever touching any of that shit. Looking like she was reading directions as she was going. Oh. Oh, for sure. I sent that. Right. Right. To the I was not reading directions. You Had the script right behind the phone.


No. Did I'm not mad at you. I Did not. Yes you did. No I did not. Fam If you had, you were on recipes.com right? Right. You had the Patty label shit. No, actually I did not have Patty LaBelle. No, I, I went To Franklin. Was it a black person's recipe? It It is hers. It's my, that's my only question. It's my, it's my recipe. They said you, I I know that that has been, that was inspired by my aunties. They said you put sour cream in it. Aunties. Not my aunt, my aunties. On which side? She's saying Aunt Aunties. She's saying aunt, auntie by saying Aunties, aunties, aunties, aunt now. Yes. What did you Ask me? They, I read in the s that you, they said you put sour cream in it. Yes. I think some aunts slipped in there.


That's a dollar for An, it's just a dollar. Exactly. Just Was that the Russian side? Because It is the ba side. Don't do that nigga. This is a dollar Caribbean. We don't do that. Not Caribbean. Yeah, but Y'all can't make mac and cheese at all. So y'all Caribbean don't talk macaroni Pasta. I'm not, I don't eat macaroni pie or cheese. That is true. But I'd rather that than putting sour cream and macaroni and cheese. Yeah. Let, let's get to the explanation of the sour cream. Yeah. It's just a, it's, it's just a little A binding. It's a Thank you very much. I was gonna say it's like a little bit of a thickening agent. A little bit of a thickening agent. So I started with Yo, if the white man looking like that, if the white man is looking at the sky.


Yo, if that shit take nasty outta tell me I start, listen, I boiled the pasta. I started making the roux, you know, and shout to you and shit. Was it, it was lit. I was very proud of myself. And I did it on live to prove that I actually made it from scratch. So you guys couldn't talk shit that I bought it. I'm gonna keep you around. I don know why you did it. Did You use sour cream and milk? I used heavy whipping Cream And heavy cream. Okay. I used heavy whipping Cream and Evaporated milk. And evaporated milk. Yes. Yes. I should have taken a picture. Actually I did. I took a picture of all the ingredients that I used, you know, and I like five, five different cheeses. Yes. You know why I'm proud of you though? Tell me why. I'm gonna tell you the truth. Okay, go ahead. So once you wasn't here, you saw the seat was, the seat was a little hot.


Jesus Christ. You had to go make some shit alive. I'm still here guys. That's what it took. I'm still, my girl went quick. No, actually, actually it's because I honor the bets up here. This hall. Oh shit. What? Oh yeah. That's, that's Why. Gimme that a hundred right now. Gimme that my hundred dollars back Now. Actually, no, because that was the bet mark bet me that I would not make mac and cheese All of a sudden. You proactive wants the, wants the hot seat left. Who, who, who are you referring To? I don't wanna get, I don't wanna throw no names out there. But what I'm saying is that I like that you did that. Okay. I looked at him, I'm like, Yeah man, we not going out without a fizzy. You not going out without a fight. How they was hyper memorial nigga said, hold up.


Nigga was like this online. She was great. Shit. She said, I'm still here. Y'all look guys, her numbers went up too. I'm like, oh shit. Hey honey, let's go. Yeah. Don't let these niggas just, we come on. I can't wait to try it. Thank you. When do we get to Are you are, are we gonna be I don't eat macaroni and cheese milking out. Are y'all gonna be honest? I'm be honest. Yes, For sure. Please be honest. I think the most honest one would be, Please be honest. I mean, I know, I know that you are on a new lifestyle eating plan Ish. But please just, there's No sugar in this. A bite. Just take a bite Now. You know, she put sugar CROs, cinnamon love cinnamon Thickening Agent.


Have you ever made this before? Yes. So Why that, that, that was, that was how the whole conversation happened is that nobody believed that I've ever made mac and cheese before. Actually people, y'all don't believe I cook, but nobody believed that I've made mac and cheese before. I was like, I make great mac and cheese. No, we see you cook for Daisy. Every Your cooking show should be with your relationship expert show. Yeah, I told you Mark was on to something. Okay, Let's Go Mark. All right. Listen. I, Hey listen. I micd turn. Could You say It is astrophysicist? Oh shit. It should't say nothing. No, I'm talking about last episode. Did I don't say nothing. Bullshit. It was kind of lit. So I might do a cooking, but When Mel, Mel falls in love and does her housewife thing, do y'all think her dude is gonna ever say something about her cooking her?


You know what he says? Let's get a shot. I'm actually quite surprised how good this is. That's what I always get. That's all everything. I'm actually quite surprised. Is that the, you just looked at the camera? Yes you did. You just told to Somebody in the camera. Oh my God. Okay, yo. Alright, I'll see what we doing. Yeah. We got a great show lined up here. We do, we do. That's that's what we do. We do, we do. Alright. Where we where you wanna go? It is some, Do we wanna start with controversy? I mean all these, all this court shit. IIII feel like we kind of have to, I kind of wanna get it out the way how y'all feel about it.


Let's do, I'm done. I'm talking specifically about this Kevin Lyes thing. Okay. What's going on with Kevin Lyes? Ano another lawsuit. Lemme pull it up. It's a, Kevin Lyes has been accused as seems to be the string in this, in the business for the last five, six years of people getting accused of sexual misconduct. This one is from, from Lady Luck and luck. This one surprised me for, for a few reasons. But Kevin Lowes has responded. If you go to his Instagram, you can see the full explanation was Father. He's How I learned about it. That's an interesting way to think about it. He, He, he posted this, I didn't see it posted anywhere when he posted his response. Yeah.


But I could be off. So it It, it was places, but it didn't live nowhere big 'cause again. Got it. It's the platform size thing. I, which is a lesson. Sometimes we make things stories by responding when if you don't say anything, it might not be, and I'm not saying he's right or wrong, I'm just saying if he, well, if he Responding, he been around long enough, somebody told him, we are posting this this day, this time this might get hot. For sure. That's fair. Well, Before you read the, the response, like cliff notes of what she's accusing him of. Yeah. Accusing of when, where, what kind of situation. So, so this Is for context. This is an artist that he signed in 19, in 1999. Damn. It's Lady Luck. It's Lady Luck. Shout To Lady Luck. We all know. So, and this, this lawsuit actually happened months ago.


That's the other thing. I believe it was in the end of February that it came. So it might be one of those things where we all heard about it and then it passed. I Remember it. Yeah. And, and we didn't say anything about it. And honestly, this was my First time hearing. I I've never heard mines too. Yeah. Don't try to put us in the, it was under the, we heard it, but we were quiet. We didn't hear it Quiet. I mean, like, I forgot. I knew he got sued before. I didn't know who sued him. So I'm saying I didn't know the details. I'm that's what I'm saying. I'm saying I'm making the connection. Oh, that was the shit from a few months ago. I didn't know who it was. I just knew that he was, that he was sued because when I first saw the lawsuit, it was under her government name. Oh. So I didn't, I didn't make the connection to even who it was. But the, but the, the argument was 'cause it was, and it was, remember it was a Jane Doe at one point as well anyway, that she, that he sexually assaulted her during her employment at Def Jam in the early two thousands.


This was the, this was the argument that was sexual assault. And that happened over a period of time. So that's what makes this interesting. For the last year or so, I've heard Lady Luck make allegations about her time in the business and all the things that's happened to her. But she didn't explicitly, explicitly say Kevin Liles. Then I also heard Kevin Liles was accused of, of sexual misconduct a few months ago. Didn't connect that it was her. So now the dots are connecting a little bit. Mm. What Kevin Lyes has effectively said in his post, which is very long, I mean, it's like a three or four slides on Instagram, small print. It's like a full statement. Okay. Is that first Of course it's not true. He's saying, he's saying that he was told, you know, that you can pay $30 million or this lawsuit is gonna move forward.


He points out all the times where she has said that he was a friend to her, a brother to her, he points out her Happy Birthday posts. He points to all the support he gave her as an artist that she Still communicates with the entire family that she Or has As recently as March. Yes. 2025. And not like distant family like father, sister, like most Family. Yeah. She, she says she called my mother mom. My father pops, she called my sister, her sister and her lifelong friend. So she's, he's making it clear like there's a real relationship with not just me and my family here too. Right. And then the last beat of It is that he also talk, he offers a kind of what is both empathy and a kind of defense. He says, I understand what she's going through. I know she's been through a lot in this industry. I know she's said issues with substance abuse, mental health issues, et cetera.


So he lays it out in a way that sounds like he's being sympathetic, but also laying the groundwork for saying, Hey, she's crazy and I don't know why she would make this up. And he's not saying gray area, we got our signals crossed. He's saying this is a complete fabrication. I'm not saying he's right. I'm simply saying that's the case he's laid out. And it's an interesting argument because all of, in theory, all of everything that he wrote, wrote could be true and he still could have done what she accused him of doing. And conversely, he could not have, I don't, I don't know the story. Well, I don't, I don't know their lies well enough to know anything person inside. But this is big and this is messy and this is a sign that this thing isn't going anywhere. A lot of people thought that the era of, of people making lawsuits, the era of people saying 10 years ago, 20 years ago or 10 weeks ago, something happened to me was gonna pass.


It was gonna be a fa a fad. But in the kind of post me too era, which I'm actually happy about, people are still being courageous about telling their stories and people are still coming forward when things have happened to them. Again, I'm not saying this is true. I'm saying this isn't going anywhere. This, this is not a phase and, and anything that's happened in this business is probably gonna come to light more and more over the next few years. Is this the only case or allegations against Kevin Liles? Because you said that we heard this before. Is is she the person that popped it off against him? To my knowledge, yes. Okay. But I can't say with certainty what I thought was a second case actually was her got it. Going from Jane Doe status to a public to, but if it was back in February, then that means she still reached out to the family in March.


So that's what he's trying to, that's what he's saying. Yes. Got it. Okay. And again, I, I can't say whether that's true or not, I don't know, but that, that's what he issued in his statement. So I just wanna be very clear, I'm reading here that the other one that was filed in by Jane Doe in early, earlier this year, that was a separate case. There was a separate case that was a separate, okay, this is a second. That's what I wanted. I think, I think we should at least read, I think It's one of his earlier paragraphs that says everything that she's alleging. All right, I got it right here. Says here that she threatened to publish a book and file a public lawsuit if he didn't pay the $30 million. She threatened to allege that almost 26 years ago when signed as a recording artist to def Jam, she was groomed.


She also threatened to allege that I exposed myself to her and pushed her head towards my genitalia in attempt to force her to perform oral sex while she was allegedly sitting in the driver's seat of my car. So those are the allegations that he said that are going to be alleged against him. How do we feel about this distinguished panel, Mel? What, what is your thoughts on these allegations and the fact that Kevin Lowes actually got It is trying to get ahead of it? Well, I think he should. Okay. I absolutely think that he should try his, you know, he should try to get ahead of it because the court of public opinion, people are gonna form their opinions regardless of what you do.


And I think that Jay-Z kind of set an example about being proactive about, you know, false Allegations. Not just false allegations, but like, just being very vocal about your innocence in the situation. Gotcha. Okay. And like Marcus said in the past, you know, like the, my default is to want to believe victims. Yes. However, $30 million is, is It's a Big number. It is a, it's a big number. Like, am I using the word punitive like incorrectly here? No, no, no. I get what you're saying. Okay. But I need to understand the correlation of why, because it Just, it just seems like it's, it's a strange number to choose, but it almost seems like it's, it's, it's a number that has been influenced by a lot of what we're seeing right now.


Yeah. It sounds like it's the rate. Yeah. Yeah. It's, yeah. It sounds like it's the fucking going rate right now. Yeah. You know, and I listen, I understand pain and suffering. I understand, you know, emotional damage. I, I understand all of that. I have existed in this business for a very long time. I've had things happen to me as well. So I under I, and I understand the desire to have kept it quiet and the shame and embarrassment and whatever else is feelings are associated with this. But Mel, lemme ask you a question. Go ahead. If you just, I know where you're going. If you knew that she were telling the truth, what number would you feel comfortable with?


It's hard to, honestly, it's, it's hard to say. It's hard to put a number on what you consider to be your pain and suffering and the length of pain and suffering that you have, you know, had to deal with over, you know, set amount of, of years, decades or whatever the case is. But when I'm reading what she's charging him with, it, it, it's excessive. It is, it's, it's excessive it seems. And this is just so the monetary amount, yeah, it's the monetary amount, it's excessive and I feel like it's sets a really bad precedent. There's already people who are going to look at situations like this. There's people who look at Cassie like, that was a money grab and that's all it was. You know what I'm saying? So in situations like this, it starts to kind, it it, it starts, it really muddies the waters in terms of, you know, impact on victim versus what It is that they're trying to get in order to feel some level of wholeness.


You sound Like you don't believe her. I'm not. That's what I preface this by saying. I, I air, I my default is to always believe victims. However, you take into account the maintenance of, of, of ancillary relationships with this person's family. Somebody can say you about Cassie too, right, but wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Wait, I got a question. Are you saying this are, are you familiar with this killer? No. You're not familiar with Him? No, no. You're not friends with him or anything? No, I just wanna be clear. Okay. No, no, not it just every passing, you know what I'm saying? Got it. So you're just basically just off of what you read and what you deduced what? Yeah. Okay. I think that the 30 number is we are shooting at a high enough number to make you just wanna get into service so it could settle five.


I don't care what, we don't have any intention of getting 30 or anything close to 30. We know we not gonna get that. But if I like it's something about that number 30 today, 30 million. It just, You Right. We hurry up And get here. The number, the numbers cap, I don't even think it's settlement cap. If a settlement comes from it, great. But the 30 is Headline, We wanna move forward. Right. Right. I i I haven't heard the story where they, they demand the, the 30 and it's paid in the next week. The reaction 99% of times is gonna be, man, if you don't get the fuck outta here, I'm gonna have to flip my entire life upside down and just pay you. 30 niggas ain't doing that.


I think they be wanting to move forward, which is why oftentimes we not even getting to the mediator part, we are moving forward if you stall. Right, right. Yeah. This is an interesting case Because that's gonna help the settlement. I think after I move forward. Now your tone is gonna be How, how do I make this go away? Yeah, yeah. And he's jumped out what, like he launched the website, lady lux own words.com and It is basically every just, just highlighting like in his letter he puts, or in his statement he says numerous years she's, she's said this on podcasts about me and, and just how positive, even to this day, he put it all on his website.


That could, that could backfire on him. He could, he specifically, yeah, I don't think that helps. He specifically pointed out that in 20 16, 20 22 and 2023, she denied any inappropriate sexual interactions with older men, which he's saying is contradictive about what she's saying now I get what he's doing. And if you're innocent, I understand why you'd have the impulse to find every shred of evidence to prove your innocence. Guilty people do this too. So that's the first thing. The other thing is if it becomes overkill and it looks like you're being too aggressive and you're attacking her too much, it could turn people off. It could make people distrustful. I don't know. I I think there's three pieces. There's people gonna believe that he did it and, and are upset people who don't believe it and say throw it away.


There are also gonna be people who are gonna read what he's alleged to have done and say, okay, Like, like they don't care or they that Seen it. That's not like, it's not a big enough deal to warrant a $30 million lawsuit. 30. I'm not saying I don't feel that way, but I'm saying a lot of people do Feel that way. And so just to be clear, like he He, to get some head in the car 30 years ago and, and like that's how, that's how a lot of people are going to read it. And just to be clear, that's basically what I was trying to get to is the fact that some people are going to regard this as a and kind of situation. Right. You know, in the grand scheme of in comparison say Yeah. In Comparison to some of the other cases we have seen Yes. Which are horrific and have been video documented. Yes. But wouldn't that contradict about power dynamics?


I said I don't feel that way, but I I'm saying that I think it might be a hard time to get a jury to believe to care enough, especially given the culture we live in. Yes. To feel that it's worth that. I'm not saying that, but then it co but it contradicts what we've been saying up here. Yes. When you've been saying that we should always believe victims. No, we go saying, you saying you don't feel that way, but saying going into that, so now we are making it, we we are giving caveats to the situation. No, there's no contradictionary. I'm I'm saying we should believe victims. I'm saying that a lot of people don't believe victims. And I'm saying in this case, I think that's gonna play out your aren't gonna believe her. So you and now you saying that because the the the act is less atrocious. Yeah. I'm saying 'cause we normalize sexual harassment so much. Is there a victim spectrum to Y'all? I was about to say, I don't understand how we, how we, how we Yes.


Are grading trauma on the curb? Yes. No. Oh shit man. No, no, no. But we're not, no, we're, we're Not. Mel just said that the $30 million suit that she is filing is too much money. So if this young lady felt as though, and again, I'm just totally objective, you can't necessarily say, yo, because such and such mighta fucked her in the ass and made her do X, y, Z, then that is worth more than what this particular piece you Can of trauma is worth. I think I Can, who the fuck is the judge to do that? The judge, jury, the, the judge and the jury. That's The point. No, I'm saying us as the No, I'm saying you even asking, This is what I'm, if, if, if, if you got hit, if you got it, if you got hit by a car and lost and, and broke your, your, your, your, your, your leg, someone else got hit by a car and lost their leg.


I can't speak to how you experienced the, the broken leg, but what I can say is, as a juror or as a person watching the jury, You judge that the loss of the leg to be worse than the broken leg. It's, It's a greater loss. It is. I I, but I still think it's apples and oranges. When you start coming down to emotional trauma and emotional stress, you can't put my emotional stress and my emotional trauma or how I respond to something on a, a scale as easily as a broken leg versus a lost leg. I Agree. I don't think you can do it as easily. I'm just saying the jury ultimately has to do that, though. I'm not disagreeing with, we're not even talking about the jury though. We're not talking about a to jury. We're talking Yeah. We talking about how you could say that this person is charging too much money for their emotional distress. All, all I'm saying is relative to what if Cassie's worth 30 million and says who Says who.


That's What we got. I, I'm, I'm establishing that as an arbitrary standard based effect. That that's what she asked for. Yes, allegedly. And she was awarded, allegedly Something close to it. Close to that. So I'm saying if they gave Okay. 20 even better. Settled. Settled. Okay. Even better. That's not an award. All right. Even better if Cassie settled for 20 and we say, all right, that's our baseline. It doesn't have to be, but It is then it would be hard for me to say, if Cassie's experience is a baseline of 20, then No. An abuse baseline is Nuts. Yeah. That's crazy to me. But that's how courts work. That's the problem with the system. Hey, no, I agree with you. You can't say that Cassie's settlement number is what this other person's settlement number should be less because she took this. You can't say That. And I'm not saying should I'm, I'm, I'm making a practical assessment of how it actually is gonna play out. Yeah. I want them all to get as much as they deserve.


As much as they want. I have no, I don't care. I mean, I'm not, I have no sympathy for the person spending the money who did the harm. I'm just saying as a practical matter, when you come to somebody and say, I want 30 million knowing that Cassie just got 20, or knowing that so-and-so got 50 or 10 or whatever. I'm just saying that to me, there's a strategy in that. And, and, and you, I agree. And you do walk in basing it just like you do all negotiations based on what the market gives. It's, I think It is perverse that we base emotional trauma on the market. But in a capitalist system, that's what you do, unfortunately. So how Do we advance this, this talk it i this point of Circular? Yeah. I, I, I, I think, I think the only thing moving forward is just, is for me, was just to say again, we're gonna see a lot more of this Tons True, untrue, fake, false, a hundred percent accurate.


We're gonna see a lot more of it. I don't know. Do you think the industry's going to move differently because of this culture? Or are we gonna see a lot more payouts for the next 10, 20 years? I think we're gonna see a lot more payouts. And that was what I was trying to say, is that it seems like this 30 million is the baseline that is being created. Whether or not what, whether or not we judge it to be correct or incorrect too much, too little or whatever the case is. That the fact of the matter is like a baseline seems to be be created and it's just like, there's like, what, what is the math? What's the mathematics here for it? You know what I'm saying? I don't Think there are none. There are none. I Don't think there are. None at all. I don No, we Going back into the circle though.


No, no, no. And I don't, and I don't want to, I just wanted to, you know, make the point that that was what I was trying to say earlier in the conversation. And then also about, you know, the, the, the maintenance of the relationship with the family and the comparison to Cassie. I feel like that in itself is like, is apples and oranges way off like it Yeah, It is total, it's totally different. Because this was, we, Cassie is alleging in her testimony that she was groomed and that this was like an she saying Yeah. And that this was an ongoing, but Cassie was his girlfriend. I, I know. And this was, this was an ongoing, you know, physical, mental, emotional, psychological captivity situation that is not this.


I hear that. I hear that. So, so let's think about the next part of this though, which was my question about how do we move forward? What does the culture look like moving forward? How are relationships different? What's gonna be different now? I think that there's some inherent generational differences that are gonna be just on display, just 'cause people, younger people think different than older people. That's true. Some of these people that have been accused of these heinous shit are from a different world where men in power do whatever the fuck they want. And I think we'll see less of it just based on that alone. And I do think that also people are gonna be scared of getting sued for $30 million. The scary part is, Well, if you was wilding and if you have $30 million, Huh?


And which is a small sector of Men, very small, right? But it's, it's people that got 300,000. It's people that got a hundred thousand, it's people that got half a million. You get what I'm saying? 30 is a, a different type of number, right? Like Smokey got getting two for 50. Is there A way that we would ever see those stories publicized where the number is that of a two 50 and $300,000 Win? They may not be public, but that still don't mean that that might start to be, be a trend. Got it. Like the trend trickles down. Got it. So the girl that I get it can't, you know what I'm saying? I, And I'm seeing that a lot now when I speak at corporations and I talk about DEI, we talk about corporate behavior. A lot of people are talking about the boss gets sued personally.


The company's getting sued as his def jam in this case, and they're getting sued for those 5,000, 200,000. It's happening a lot right now. It's actually quite interesting. More so than the Kevin Lyes Situation. Yeah. Because once we see them get a bag, it's like word for that. Oh, that motherfucker tried to do that 50 times. Right. Four years ago. Like, he was smacking me on my ass when I would come in his office every day. So I think that it's, it's basically starting to give more women the courage to come forward and really claim some shit that might, they might've been going through for the last 15, 20 years in corporate. I, I'm not dis I don I'm not, you know, against that. What I do see, or what I think is gonna start happening though, is from the male's perspective, my nigga, you kind of gotta be careful.


You should be careful. You should be period where you put your dick. But I'm saying like, when you 20 something years old or you single, you are a man in power. You not necessarily that ha displaying that level of discernment. Not, you know what I'm saying? When you are a single man, like Back then, absolutely not. There was absolutely agreed. There, there was no fucking discernment. There was no HR Back then. Today Single news is running wrong. No, I understand. But, but we're talking about cases that are being presented from decades ago and women are coming forward now. And you know, I can just, I can speak from the standpoint of being, having been there, there was no hr, these were fucking treacherous shark infested fucking waters. It was survival of the fucking fittest. And I think that also what's happened is I feel like consent should have been like the word of like 2022 or 2021 or whatever the, the fact is whatever year that it started to be used so consistently, because our, our vocabulary has changed, our understanding of thing of what consent is has changed.


Mm. It's it, nobody was saying that fucking word back then. You know what I'm saying? The understanding as a woman being in this business, in front of the camera, behind the camera was that you were chump for the sharks. And either you, either you, you, you found a way to survive. So the fact of the matter is, is there is going to be certain circumstances in which chickens are coming home to fucking roost it. And your behavior was predatory then. And you gotta pay for it now. It's Consent and it's power. And the culture and culture to me all connected. So for example, so having a, committing a sexual act where somebody doesn't want to do it, that's the part where we all kind of be like, all right, yeah, we know that's not cool.


But 30 years ago, asking your artist for a blowjob unfortunately wasn't considered out of bounds. It was outta bounds to force them to give you a blowjob. But to ask them for one, and they had a right to say yes or no. And a lot of, in the culture of the music business and really corporate America in general, but especially in the music business, was you could do that. So part of what It is is applying today's rules to 30 years ago. And I'm not justifying the behavior, I'm just saying we have to have an honest conversation about the culture of institutions and organizations to understand how we got here. Yep. Otherwise it sounds like this random dude to just walk around doing wild shit when in fact, Quote unquote power dynamics didn't exist necessarily back then as a Understand, know what they were as a term. Yeah. Pretty. Your secretary was pretty, You shot, She accepted.


It was like, yo, this is consensual. We were dating and I was, people from the rip was hired the secretary because she was pretty Right. That's part, that was part of the, I think that's me really, really scary murky waters to be treading. And and I Yeah, y'all having a great talk. So I ain't about to come in and say some bullshit to take it first. I want to hear it. So learned behavior. Say more. You think it Learning behavior. I I know, I know. He was, I mean, you were there. Say more. It's not a coincidence that every black mogul, for the most part in the music business is dealing with this. Take it off music. 'cause this happens to, Well, I'm in entertainment.


Gotcha. Gotcha. I'm not talking about the rest of the world. I'm in the, I'm in entertainment. That's what I'm talking about. This is not only happening with black moguls in the entertainment business and each one of them came up under somebody. I'm not pointing fingers, I'm not, I'm not even really having to talk. But It is a learned behavior. All of them. All of them from every one of them. You're just not gonna hear about where they learned it from. Yeah. And I'm not trying to, I don not necessarily. Please, please. I don't wanna sound like I'm excusing either. So Yeah, I, I I think that it's something else that could be a play there too is, which we see even today with a nigga who just won't him in high school or when he was coming up.


Right. And now you get to that level now It is an entitlement kick in. Like now it's like, nigga, y'all owe me for what I couldn't get back then now, now I'm gonna make y'all pay damn near Now think it's all those things. It's lot. I think those two things combined, there's lot Of niggas that behave like that, yo. Yeah. It's a lot of different things. I think. 'cause again, you just speaking from a music perspective, I think in corporate America, I think in Wall Street, I think in politics, I like, I got some friends in politics, it's going on in the political arena as well. It's just though It Is publicized, they're not Not public figures. So we don't know that it's going on when this senator or this congressman, whoever, CEO or whatever like that shit is, it's, it's everywhere. I think that men of power have a certain level of entitlement and when they see beautiful women, they feel like they can exercise that power in the manner that they see fit.


I don't think that it's foreign or it's just exclusive to the music business at All. But that's why I think we have to look at the systems. It's just like back in the nineties when we were looking for the gay rapper, it was as if there was just one as opposed to understanding the, the culture was built in a way where there's lots of queer folk there as artists, as set designers, as everything. Any job. There was a gay person there. But we didn't wanna accept that as a culture. If we keep looking for the predator producer or the predator CO we lose sight of the fact that it's a predatory industry. True VPs and directors and all, It Is a predatory business period. And people are always looking to get a leg up. Either 'cause they couldn't get it in high school or because they couldn't, they want more or because they saw their, their mentor do it. All, all the factors are part of it, but we gotta have an honest, if you could Recognize it's a predatory business, then why can't you recognize the people that put in the predatory business practices?


I think it goes back far. I think we need to far I'm I'm I'm with you. I'm saying go past puffing them, go past all the, yeah, let's let's get to the heart of it. That's the culture part of it. Yeah. And part of the culture is also everybody else's part of the culture is the hero Worship. The hero worship also creates, is a massive symptom to the fucking problem. I just watched the Brett Favre untold, I don't know if y'all saw that. No. That shit was fucking wild. What Was wild about it? Well, so we all know because I saw it. Okay. What was wild about it was there was this sideline reporter named Jen Steger and Brett Fav decided that he liked her and he started to solicit her attention anonymously at first.


And then he got her phone number through the head office. They gave it to, they gave it to him. This is when he was with the Jets and he started to contact her. She made it clear she had absolutely no interest in him whatsoever. The great Brett Favre and everybody would be like, oh, well of course. No, she had no interest and she was terrified that she now had his attention in a way that she know she didn't want it because she knew that this was going to end badly for her. And it did. Her career is fucking over. He sent her a dick pic and whatever else. And then the story comes out a little bit later about his, you know, about his unwanted advances.


This, I forget what the, what the magazine is that she worked with at the time. But she confided in the editor Deadspin Deadspin, she confided in the editor who was her friend. She was sharing t She was sharing, t expected that this was an off the record fucking con it was an off the record conversation between two, You know where you work. It's deadspin Deadspin is the wild, wild west of all of that sports commentary shit. Deadspin posts, the, the superstar athletes sending dick pics. They don't focus on the stats. I understand that. But when you are having, You're talking to the editor or the owner or whoever, I get it. I get It's a Listen, I get it. But if you are having an off the record fucking with your friend conver conversation with your friend, Off the Record, It is just, It is just a, a ploy.


She might have thought they was friends even if you did that. That's that's very naive on her part. That's not true, bro. I, well if, if I know what this company does, let's just take it. I know what the company do. I know what they're about. Oh, she, She writes, she writes for Deadspin. She write, this is her colleague. Got it. I would, if I'm having a conversation with you ice, I'm going to have this expectation. It's sitting over there that you're not gonna get on Twitter and start writing. Oh, Mel said this, Mel said that I have that expectation of you. You Correct. If our business was to talk about whatever It is that you're talking about. Right. That's what our bus, that's what our brand is based. That's what we do. And you come in here and say something then expect, well damn, how did that get out?


Why? Like you asking the National Enquirer not to post something Yeah. About Something. Okay. You okay, so this that's Yes, Yes. You have the right to do that. That Is the side that you guys, There's still the national enquire. Not saying I would do it. Yes, but I'm just saying But go ahead. The expectation I would, I would've expected my friend to have a little bit more integrity. You know, I'm saying personally I would. So anyways, he basically says, oh well Fuck that. I'm printing it. And so that was how the world started or found out about these inappropriate text messages that Brett Fav was sending to this girl. And the fact that she And he paid her Who? The Desmond, they paid the girl for the story. No, I didn't See that in Yes, it was in the dock. It was in there was she sold the story they paid After, after the fact.


That's, that's different though. That's, That's, she was not, You're trying to make me hold. She was, She was not soliciting any attention for this story. She did not sell the story. She didn't want anybody to knows because she knew that this was going to be harmful. Career suicide. Career suicide. And it was, now how do we regard Brett fav as still the fucking gun slinging fucking hero that everybody perceives him to be regardless. We stole that money from But but go ahead. Yeah. But yeah, we don't regard that money. No, but a lot of people still do. The fucking statue in fucking Green Bay hasn't been taken down. He can walk in the stadium and get a fucking standing ovation. I'm still, I'm talking about hero worship here. His Statue gotta get taken down. 'cause he sent a dick pic. No, I'm talking about the scandal in fucking Mississippi.


Stealing from the fucking poor. Oh, stealing from the welfare. That's what I'm that welfare, that that shit, that shit was disgusting. He Has plausible deniability in that too. From what they showed On the top. Again, there's text messages. I still think he's a piece of shit. So again, there's text messages there, But how do you interpret those text messages is different. He said, Hey, is there any way I can get in trouble for this? Which was interpreted as he was well aware that knew new crimes were going on. Yeah. There's another way to interpret that is true. Hey, is there any way I can, can get trouble for doing this, getting this money? It don't have to go that way, is all I'm saying. Depends on how you see it. Okay. Well I choose to see it the way that a lot of people see it, that he was, that he understood where this money was coming from. It was complicit and ex very complicit. Got It.


So I got him as a piece of shit too. But he wasn't doing nothing different than most of these colleges are and have been doing for a long time. Which is the point I'm making. Yeah, the point you making people. Yeah. It's like, and we see, we see it with every, every con You know what I mean? Congressman, I know who've been, who go to, I could name at least three congressmen I know who I, two of whom I work with directly, who went to jail for corruption and, and taking bribes. Yeah. They did it. They did the same thing that every other member of Congress does. And they Just got caught. They either got caught or were less slick or they got watched more Or they crossed somebody that was like a word Ex. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. You know, so I'm just saying like, all these institutions are corrupt and at some point we gotta get past it. But, but that's a social question. That's what I keep saying. The the desire to be like these unaccountable white men who are never gonna be held accountable the way we are.


It's something we gotta work through too. It's Set the tone. Agreed. Right. Because we'll sit there and can I say Clive Davis? I don't know, but if not, beep it out. My point is, there's a lot of people who look at the, the behavior in the music industry and say, well, well He, why did he get away with it? And I can't get this Shit. Yeah. How's, how's he there? I've been asking Clive questions for years. So I mean, I think It is just a good old boys club. I think that society in itself, again, outside of the music business, outside of finance, my nigga look at the presidency and what they saying, all of the shit it tracks. Like, they got him documented saying, yo, if Hillary Clinton did X, y, Z with Qatar, it's some bullshit. He just took a $400 million playing. They, they set the rules and they play by the rules that they want.


So the money, power, respect is the mantra. Let me, let me ask y'all a few things because we do have to close this and I do have to get to an ad. What do y'all think ends up happening to Kevin? Lows? Nothing. I, I don't, I think he wins this. He, he, he painted a picture of of, of somebody. He laid that out. Not to mention her drug history. Her criminal history. Criminal history, her drug distribution of heroin. I mean, it's gonna be hard to convince people That It is not a money. Not, not just that, unfortunately. And, and I fuck with luck jersey. Yeah. She not big enough. She's not big enough. They not, they don't, they don't care about the victim enough. Yeah. Yeah. And that's really what happens in a lot of these cases. People go looking for perfect victims and there very rarely is one that she Not even necessarily perfect.


Her cache ain ain't big enough. Yeah, yeah. Do do we give a fuck enough? She's not a sympathetic enough figure as well. It is true. And again, I'm not saying she's lying, I'm just saying I don't think she wins this. I, I I don't think so. Agreed. I agree with that. God damn. Listen. But you feel we're cynical at this point. What's We're Cynical. No cynical. Cynical. Oh, am I feeling Cynical? No, no, no. Was that the god damn? Oh yeah. I mean a little bit. I mean, just how it sounds. Yeah. I mean like it's hard not to be cynical at this point. You know, social media and just like the barrage of information that we get, you know, as it relates to things like this. After a while it desensitizes you so we Gotta flip flop on when.


Alright. I Just said it's not, it's not, yeah. Not flip-flopping. We're flip flopping on when our cynicism kicks in. We are. I'm too sick to talk about it. Me too. We are. Me too. You too. I know, I'm confused. I don't see, I, I think I I think I I feels to me like y'all are equating a prediction that this isn't gonna work out well with a kind of endorsement that it's not gonna work out well. Like No, I didn't have a problem with where y'all left that. Okay. When Mel took it further hearing that piece. Oh, okay. When you say y'all, I got confused. Okay. Got you, got you. With the cynicism.


Yeah. Okay. It's like selective cynicism. Sure. Maybe, maybe a little Bit. Not for me. I honestly, I rarely believe things gonna work out well. I, I support victims and I just don't, I still don't believe they Do you Think she's gonna get paid a settlement? I think She will. I think she get somethings. I think she get, I think she'll get a very small amount. But that is where my cynicism comes from. Mark. I don, I don't think so now. I don't think so. I don't think so now I don't think he's gonna, I don't think he's looking to even try to settle. I think he'll follow the Jay-Z trend. Yeah. And be like, no, I'm gonna fight it all the way. Number one. You broke, you broke. And again, no disrespect to luck. I fuck with like Big Jersey, but you broke. You can't, you can't remotely get the, the, the, the attorney power team that I could muster up.


I think it's gonna say we gotta stop this. Let's say he's innocent. If he's innocent, if, if, if, if he's innocent. I think it behooves him to fight it all away. Agree. You get what I'm saying. Now if he's not innocent, that's another story. But if he is innocent, What about the lawyer fees and shit though? At some point you gotta be practical. HOV got HOV was like, I will burn money. Just to make the point, Kevin, all of us can't afford to do That. Kevin Liles can afford way higher attorneys than Lady Law. That's Fair. Keep in mind also that Def Jam is being sued too though. So, so they may actually have an investment in saying I don't want to be smeared. I don't want it to be said that we built this. I'm just saying that there's a few angles to be played here that it wouldn't shock me if they came to right now and said we got two 50 for you.


She might have to just take that and it wouldn't shock. That's what I mean by small amount. It wouldn't shock me if she took it. And that's my prediction. I think A hundred grand, take 250 grand and shut up. Shut Up. That's what I think It Is gonna happen. And then you'll spend $250,000 in lawyer fees easily. So easy. Right. Half a million dollars to shut your ass up and go away. It's possible. Alright. That's what I think that's Possible. No, that's Possible. Yeah. It's time for some t and p Hit with some tm. Thoughts and prayers. Tease and prayers, man thoughts and prayers for all parties involved. We'll keep you updated as as we are updated. Sure. Sad ass topic. Made it hard to put my Time for favorite part of the show.


Hey guys. Thank you. Now it's time for Favorite part of the show. Guys. That was pretty good. Oh yeah, it's, that was time. That was great. Okay, we'll do it again. Now it's Time for our favorite part of the show. PrizePicks, come in. Come in one sec. PrizePicks. Let's take care of my boy. Thank you. Thank you. You smoke that. Let's Take care of my


man. PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash money with millions of members. PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all real easy and simple to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a chance to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with PrizePicks. All right. The Joe and Ish picks of the week. Yo. Cut my boy in too. Stop playing prize piss Cut my man Ish and flip in. Thank you. Alright, we have Top Liver. Anybody We good? I guess. I mean, we'll talk about it later. We have Caruso for more than 10 and a half points and assist. He's playing really


good defense. Chet Home Green for more than 15 points. Dante Dizel for more than eight points. You butcher his name every time. Everybody, everybody's name. Nas Reed for more than seven and a half Rebounds and Assist and Rudy Gobert for over nine rebounds. Don't forget if you download the app right this second and use promo code JJBP, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat for the people in the back. If you download PrizePicks right this second and use promo code JJBP, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup.


So good luck to all participants out there and run your game real quick before we move on in, in sports. Does anybody have the wolves winning another game? I think they could win another one. I think they could win another game. I don't Nah, yo it's it's, It is built to ask. I think they defeated it mentally. Yeah. Air. I think they defeated Mentally and before Game four of the Knicks series. Everybody here counts the Knicks out. No, I do. I got the Knicks winning this one. I got patience in five. It's hard. It is hard to count the Knicks out. They play play hard on the nick out, but I hope they lose. But they play Hard. You, you're not trying to wait. Do you really believe the Knicks are gonna win the Series? Oh yeah. A thousand dollars.


I'll take it. Done. I'll take it. Wait, just to be clear, I'm just, I'm betting the Pacers will win the series. You bet. The Nicks win the series I bes and shit. If, if the pace was winning this series, you're gonna send me a thousand dollars. If the Knicks win, I'm gonna send you a thousand dollars. Alright. I wanna remix that. Exactly. That's why I asked. Only because I'm taking it with us down to one. So I think I should be incentivized differently. No, but two one, if it was two, three. Oh yeah It is two, one Before game four. Game four on the road. Yeah. I feel like I should be incentivized different. I'm down to bet. Okay. I got 25, I got 25 out with us. Okay. I got bets out on this series. Okay. But I'm down. I'm down. How, How, how would you, what's the incentive? Let's call it 500 more. 500 more. Yeah, sure. Done.


Got it. I'll take it. 15. Oh, what Does that mean? Oh, 1500 to a stack. 1500 to a stack. He went, he went, I went out. My business ain't my, pardon me. You drunk that. What, what water are you bringing today? The same what I'm bringing every day. Avion again. You back you back to Avion. Yeah. You knew money. Niggas don't know what Avion is. Yo. How long you gotta have money before people can stop calling you new money when You stop acting like new money. Oh shit. When? When it fits on you. When it, When you move. Oh no, that's not true. Soon. If you had money for fucking 40 years and act like a new nigga. Yeah. Then what? You won Act still calling new money. You won't know it's new money. You won't even know You'd be accustomed to his old mess. Yeah. Niggas that got money, they don't know they got money. Yeah. You right. What's One indication that you are new money Arguing about water?


Yeah. Douche. Let's Go. Hey, hey, hey. Yeah. Real, real quick though, before we go on, I, I do wanna take my time out and shout out to s that and the guys over there at Stream University. I think it was great. It was amazing. First of all, round of applause for you. You on roll? No, I didn't roll. He on the silver tier but no, no, no. There was, there was mixing schedules. There was, remember I kept telling you guys that there was a surprise that I was working on. I'll get into that later. 'cause it's not about me. But what It is is that to watch a young man come from New York and to make something out of it, to take ideas and put it on a larger scale and to execute it. Especially to put the young ones on. That's amazing to me. I have nothing but, but admiration and respect for Kai.


The whole team over there. Shout to Tle, shout to everybody. I mean, changing lives man. Bringing people that was on there with a hundred people. Watching them, bringing people with a thousand. Just bringing them together. And I liked the way he handled certain situations in there, right. When a young lady was, was bullied or felt like she was bullied or got made fun of. He went over there and sat with her and did a stream. Like he addressed every situation head on. And I respect, I got, man, I tipped my hat to Kai in there, man. Facts, I see you guys soon, but I tip my hat to them, man. But let me Just say About To be a Professor. I about say, let me just say flip. You deserve to be there. And I know y'all working out the details, but you are architect of this shit.


And a lot of people, I'm not talking about Kai right now, I'm just saying in general, who do the work they do on YouTube and on live streaming in general have followed your motto. And they don't always give you the credit. So I just want you to know that you deserve to be there too. I appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very Much. Yeah, I I get to flip Niggas every day in my dms. Yeah. Yo, send this the flip. It was some Niggas singing in Philly. Yeah, right. Gotta be Philly. He was was he was. It was. You said it right. I mean, but my, you know, we, we get calls, man. There's two people up here to get the calls when it's, when it's time we get the calls. Schedule two people up here to get the calls. Yeah, they do. Schedule was, was, was a conflict. And I, I wanted to shit on y'all. I wanted to shit on y'all. I had a whole plan. But, 'cause I remember I'm going to Indianapolis and I was going to Ohio. It was the whole thing that I was doing.


But the, It is just, I thought it was, it's crazy. But salute the kai salute. Everybody up there salute the streamers university. Man. That made me feel good seeing that. That's Fine. You should do, you should do the, you should do the streamer portables. The what should get. That's, that's a good idea. You should do your own shit. Yeah. Wait, what do you say do that? Streamer, community college streamer. Oh. Streamer C College is hilarious. You got I like that. I You would smoke that though. Yeah, I know. I know. I got you. For the less, for the less two streamers. For the one for the ones that the dark side of the way at Rip Freeze Streamer Dorm.


Huh? The Chicken nugget streamers. Huh? Didn didn't say I didn say not gonna be Did you get to the colleges nigga? Did you get to the high creamers? I did not say nothing about the, the chicken nuggets. I have pizza. You dying to cook some nuggets with cooking? Mackay Be proud though. Yo Joe. Yo Joe, one thing about you and I, man, you know I ain't too far from something that's moving like that. You know I'm not too far from me, nigga. Oh, I know. You got a whole not 50 degrees. That shit like got a whole, whole bunch Of cars up the Sleeve. I know. Not too far it but, but like it's just, it feels good when people acknowledge it. That's part of why I keep you around. Yeah. But It is but you know what It is. Thank you. I appreciate that. But it, it feels good when people acknowledge You.


Right. A lot of people try to make, in closing, they try to make comparisons to make me feel away. But the people that's running, there's no comparison. No of course. Salute to them. They doing they thing. But when I come around, they acknowledge me. When I come around. They, that's, they invite me in but they know who I am. You can crack the jokes too. But they invite not I was the inspiration. I'm about now what you see, yo you was the inspiration probably for some they invite me. They they invite me in. Yo flip. Come on nigga. It was a whole thing set up nigga. I didn. I nigga I support. I support, support you about it. I'm supporting you nigga. I said good job. You, you, there's no, you said chicken. I'm I'm gonna go to the pool. I know you talking about the little shit in the corner. No, with with the teachers in the back.


The trailers in the back. Trailers in the back. How many teachers do want do nigga? Five. Shit. Fuck outta here. Speaking of some streaming shit, did y'all see Drew Ski skit? The cool White Boy? Yes. I thought, I thought it was, I thought it was hilarious. There's a lot of people in the uproar. Yeah. They, they are not Parks wants people. That's another I will not speak for them. What? What's to be uproar about about that? It was hilarious To me. It was funny too. Free. What's the It was uproar because It's, tell tell me what this kid was. It's white face. Yeah, Because It is white face Because the cool white guy in the hood. Right? The White Boy. That's good in the hood. Like I did see I, not saying that it was upset over it, but I did see Theo Vaughn post. Oh great. Cool. Lemme go get my paint.


That's funny. That's hilarious to me. That's funny. But you get what he's implying. The People that are actually mad about it. Upset about The people that are actually mad about it. I just guess don't understand why blackface is bad. No they don't. They think It is just because They Say, oh we can't do it. Why could you do it? That's why I Didn just when I was starting to forget why I didn't like Theo Vaughn, I almost was forgetting why I didn't fuck with him. See I just rely on if I don't fuck with you. That's my memory of it. I don't need to remember why. That's why. Alright. Thank you for that. Freeze Theo. Fucking Vaughn. Yeah. See I freeze. Think that's funny. Parks it too. Well just me a lot. Parks can think It is funny is the thing. I can't though.


I'm not here for it today. Got it. Hey I'm sick. Y'all go ahead. So, so Hey T and PI like so him saying T, t and P. You think it's the same? You think it iss the same? I just like comedy. No, we asked you a question that was, Do I understand that? I think do I think him saying it? Lemme go Get my, lemme get my paint. Yes. It is the same as, I don't even think He even intending to do it. I just think the statement was funny that I'm making fun of that. Can you answer the question we're asking you? Do I think if he were to put on black face It's the same. No, it's not The same. Do you That black face and white face. Black Face and white face are not the same. Nowhere near the same. Okay. Just checking at all. Alright. Thank God. And that's the thing that pisses me off when white people act like It is, that's all It is Not the same thing. It is nothing. Nowhere near the same.


There's no Historical implication behind white face, white face. No. People like to ignore context when it's convenient. Yeah. And it's like when like black power, white power aren't the same thing. When I say black power, I'm trying to get us free. When you say white power, you're trying to get me lynched. You trying to Trying to keep Us. Yeah. And It is the, It is me power fist. It is the fist that It is the look that come with it. It's the flag that's behind it. I Honestly thought that was one of Juicys Be better skits. It it was hilarious. Hilarious. That shit is funny. The whole, when he goes Back to the dinner table. That was, that was funny. Preston. Yeah. Stop talking like that.


His Name nailed Preston. When he went back home, he nailed that skit. He Did. I think he even posted somewhere. He was like thanking everybody 'cause it was like his fastest skit to reach a hundred thousand comments or something. It was like he hit a milestone with that. I'm A good friend Man. I'm such a huge fan. You looking at me. Drew used. I'm a huge fan of Drew. I Love It. Why you looking at me? What, what Ish asked me off camera. Why I didn't think about the Drew Ski skit. Why Didn didn't think about doing that? Like Ish. Why you don't believe in supporting black men and brothers supporting each other. Man, why? I gotta think of that. That's not flip, that's not Flips style. Said why don't, It is way too much for that. No, you, but you asked me that off camera. I didn't hear you. Mark, say it again.


While, while I'm paying attention. I said it's not your bag. Like you, you do a different style of comedy. He, That's all I said. Well, no, he said, he said it was too nuanced for you. No, that's not what he said. It isn't. Is that what you said? Not exactly. No. What'd you say? I don't remember exactly what I said It Is. Okay. All Right. Thank you me for holding me down. It's definitely not exactly what I said. Hey listen, it's, listen y'all different styles. Exactly. And I, and I support Drew Ski and I can adapt to anything though. I, I don't doubt that. Watch me on to point then when you see, I don doubt that. I think you could be George. I think you could be George Carlin if you want it to be. I don't know who that is. And, and I think that's a diss. No. It what? No, actually it's not a Diss George. Okay. I give up. Alright. Thank you. Another big thing, big marriage. Big marriage.


Big Marriage. An announcement. Love is in the air. Yes. Something's in there. Travis Hunter, Travis Hunter married his is a high school Sweetheart. His high school sweetheart. Yeah. At least college sweetheart. I mean, when you're like 20, it just feels the same. You call It that. But Travis Hunter is the second pick from this recent NFL draft. He went to the Jaguars. Jackson. Jackson. He went to Colorado. You know, explain it to my parents. Yeah, he's, he's a star. He's a star player on both offense and defense, which is extraordinarily rare Who came under fire because a, after a lot of his big moments, his girlfriend seemingly made it about her. At least that was the Internet's in interpretation of her behavior.


So the fact that they're married now is a conversation. I guess not Just that. How do you feel about that Joe Biden? Not, not just that they're married, that's the marriage. They got married with no prenup and they posted no prenup in the Pictures before the prenup part though. I'm just saying. 'cause like, you know, when we first talked about this four months ago, five months ago, you said C should be around in a year. He married her, which was my prediction that they, that she was there for the long haul. That doesn't negate mine. It Doesn't, I'm not saying you're wrong. I'm saying we dunno. She the hall of what though? The, the long haul of of justice nigga bank truck. Right. U-Haul breaks.


No, I'm just saying, you know, It is, I'm not saying you're wrong. I'm saying does this change in your, your estimate or your prediction at all? No. No. You still, okay, so you think Five, six months it's gonna Be over? I mean, I'm not, listen, I'm a, I love, love. So don't make, I don't wanna put death dates on people's relationship. Oh yeah. I don't wanna do That. You wish the best. I mean, no, I don't, I don't necessarily wish the best. I don't know them. I don't give a fuck about them. But, But God damn. I love, love who fucked the fuck them. Who fucked them niggas. I don know them like that. But how do, how do we feel about the no prenup thing? How do we know about the no prenup thing? They posted? They, they chose it. Oh, okay. Is it official? Because I know it was like a rumor.


It is alleged. I don't know if they said like, we didn't sign a prenup. That's a weird thing to announce, right? Yeah. It's super girl. Not, not, not no prenup. I'm keep not in the clout chasey world. It's not. Yeah, I was about to say. And in the world we live in where everybody, that's gonna be the question YI wonder if though know, let me put that out there. They're gonna go run crazy with Say, Ooh, that's the world we Live in today. That's possible that he, that they did that in a, you know, to try to deflect away from all the negative attention she had received earlier last Year. She got that nigga wrapped around her finger. Could they have just posted that as a joke? Yes. Possible too. For the same reasons they just said it For attention. Oh yeah. Oh attention. I mean, conversation Still don't change. It don't Change. I mean, I'm okay with no prenup and I don't, I don't, I don't think it's an issue.


But You're 40 something years old. Do you think that your 20 something year old self would've said the same thing? I mean, to be honest, I think I have more of an argument now for signing a prenup than I did. 20. It goes farther than that. It goes farther than that. Okay. Go ahead. Go ahead. Your 20 something year old self that just walked into a potential financial windfall. But that's exactly, that's what I mean. Yeah. You know, you weren't 20 something. My mom was still struggling. I know Homeless, I'm prenup for this. But, but you're 20 year, but your 20 Box had a prenup with a coat nigga. He had a cult. What we splitting Your 20-year-old mentality, your 20 something year old mentality. I never was a prenup person with his sim. Same circumstances, Travis. I mean I, Travis I've been a prenup person. I mean, I'll say this, I think there's nothing wrong with signing a prenup.


And I think paperwork and contracts as uncomfortable as they are, prevent problems later. And I say that in business too, right? Signing contracts, no matter how uncomfortable they are, prevents fallout later. So I have no problem with people who sign prenup. I think it's, I don't think it's wrong to do. I personally had no desire to do it. I had, I had Is It just prenup or would you do that in like a business deal too with no paperwork? No, In the business deal. I, I, I would absolutely, I'll believe in paperwork in general. I mean, it's times where I haven't done it. It's always come back to bite me every time. I haven't signed paperwork, it's come back to bite me. So I'm curious if you felt, 'cause marriage is basically a business Yeah. A business arrangement. So why would you be so cool with no prenup for marriage? It's, I can't say that I would be cool with a prenup under any marital circumstance, but in my particular circumstance, I felt good with it.


I felt comfortable with it. But again, I don't think it's, I don't think I'm right and other people are wrong. Again, everybody should do No, I'm, that's a case by case basis. Yeah. It's a case by case basis. Sure. I, I felt comfortable. I felt comfortable with a couple things. Make it real short, my wife and I. Can you push that mic closer to you? What'd you say? Can you push that? Oh yeah, yeah. Sorry. My wife and I had been together on and off for a long stretch of time. Okay. And I felt like a lot of the moves that I made were based on her wisdom and her advice. I felt like a lot of the success I had was based on things that she told me. So I felt like there was a way that I felt like she was entitled to some of the stuff that I had. So, and I knew that whatever we had after we got together, she deserved.


So, so for me, in my case, a prenup, She was already contributed to you? Yeah. I felt like she earned it. So for my case it didn't make sense to me. Gotcha. But again, everybody's situation is different. If I were Elon Musk marrying somebody tomorrow, I would, I'm not gonna say I'd feel the same way because I wouldn't got it. You know what I mean? I don't think that anybody who marries Elon Musk deserves. And again, you know how I feel about billionaires. But just in, in, in, as a matter of ethics and logic, I don't think think anybody deserves half of it. Just by virtue of getting married. I I want that money to go to poor people. Not to fucking the woman he married to get half of it. Okay. Lemme ask you, lemme ask you a question. Oh, she Was poor. Mark, mark. Lemme ask you a question. Talking about, God forbid y'all, you and your, you and your wife don't work out.


You'll get divorced and later on you go to get remarried. Would you prenup that? 'cause now you already got all this and that person didn't help you get any of It. That's one of 'em. Counterfactual hypotheticals. If, if, if, if me and my wife don't work out, you ain't never seeing me get married again. I'm gonna be, you see, you go see me in the one done the worst of places. Got it. Got but like this, you gonna see memani out a Lot. He gonna See, We gonna be taking selfies and shit. We gonna be on Instagram. We gonna be in the wildest of places, nigga. Yeah. So that's a, that that's a non-factor. Gotcha. That's an interesting choice that he made though. And I'm surprised that his family, if it's true, 'cause they could be trolling.


Yeah. I'm surprised his family allowed that to happen. They grown. I, I can't disallow it. They can't. But I'm sure that they could, you know, levy a lot of pressure. Like we don't Know they have everybody family's different. And not just that we don't know that they have it. We don't know that they not feeling none of this. You know, there's instances where they go to go off and get married under whatever circumstances and the, the family don't like that shit. Or people will be rebelling on purpose. You Know, his mom said something. Yeah. I mean his mom is heavily involved in his career. She knows. Is that, You know that to be true. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, his mother is, you know, everything nigga. He the doctor, She's involved and she's, he offered To marry them. Nigga Don't think I wouldn't.


Very small fee From that video, from that video that's circulating to him dancing at what looks like a reception. I don't know if it's his reception. It look like he probably ain't ever had no black pussy Say, I'm just going put it out there Safe t on say it. Where you from? You. I have no idea. I don't know nothing about Travis on there outside of what Deon Sanders told me. But I know when it looked like a nigga ain't never had no black pussy, That's the setup to lose everything. And that's what Jayden, Daniel's moms is sitting there saying will not be happening to her son. Yeah, That's a good point. Yeah. She just goes overboard To who?


Us, Us the streets. She, she looking at it as if I don't go overboard, we get that he might sunk. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So I'm just cur Oh, first of, let me ask you Mel, because you're in an interesting situation. You're in an interesting position as the only no, the only woman on the set. Right. How do you feel about the, how do you feel about the prenup? Yo How do you feel about the prenup? Like, would you have entered any ma any potential marriage that you considered? Would you have done it without a, with a prenup? Without a prenup? I would want a prenup. Yes. But that's just at this stage of my life. This is You Would want One. Yes. On Whose behalf?


Both of our behalfs. Why? Got you. Don't taking your Gracie ward, Nigga. I got, Holy shit. I got back. Watch your fucking motherfucker Playing with me. I got assets, bitch. Okay, Watch your Yeah. Cut Daisy in half. I ain't gonna let y'all do that. I got you, man. What the fuck? Hold on. What's wrong with y'all nigga? Picking a little Mel like that. She got the bookshelf. Nigga, watch your fucking mouth. She mac and cheese recipe. The catcher in the rod. Who gets this tv?


She got asses Nick, 27 inch ic. I got you. He grew Up in West Palm. West Palm Beach. West Palm. West Palm Beach. Oh yeah. Mark. All right, all easy. That was one of Mark's better jokes. What, what was, what's that? Yeah, That Joe's assessment is probably very correct. So all white girls. Yeah. Walk with some, yeah. Like who gets the king mad? Hey, they're collectors fucking items. They're Collectors items right now. Now Keeping my smooth, smooth Magazine collector's item, collector's item. Anyhow, yes, I would wanna sign a cleanup. You Play with your game. I'm not gonna play with me. Lemme something.


Sorry. Shoot. Like that nigga. Talk to me like you talk to fucking Theo. Nigga. Watch that fucking tone. Yeah. Don don't come over. He talked to me like you talked to Malcolm Jamal, If you saw That. Yeah, I did it. Oh, we all saw that. I Did it. And we can get to this later. You guys can tell me your assessment of, of how, of how we interacted with one another. However, at this stage of my life, let's go. I would wanna a prenup I Assets. No, no, no. Listen for him. I love the fact, if this is in fact true, that he is that in love with his girl. I love that. I love that for him. I don't think the prenup necessarily has To, I think thats a bad reason. How much you love or don't love Do. Yes I do.


Yes I do. I absolutely, oh, I disagree with that. I no, I abso I'm thinking like, I, I'm trying to think like a very, very young person and how idealize, how much we idealize love. You know what I'm saying? It's different at this age where we have life experience and shit like that. Jaded. There you go. Cynicism and all that shit. We really idealize love and we look at our partner as forever and I'm, you know, like I love that. I love that. For him, if it's a hard lesson for him to learn in the future, we don't know. We don't know. But I love the fact that he idealizes love so much and feels that level of connection with his partner that he feels like this is forever. I think that's, I think that's very sweet. And I think that, I think that's a bad reason.


I think It's a terrible fucking reason. Yeah. I think love is not, that's terrible fucking reason. But It is. It is the fact. Yeah. I think congrats to them on their marriage. I think it's a smart move for a young man about to move into a bunch of money to get married and stay outta some Potential pitfalls that we see other people fall into. True. Yeah. That's a thing. I think you should be looking at the positive things about this shit. That's what I'm saying because I'm, I'm going with the positive And you better make it work too, because black women will have their, I told you so moment in the event that it doesn't, What's this girl's, They gonna add a moment. Black girls don't care it be a story. White, white, white guy got killed by his white girlfriend at the house.


Black girls would be like told you, told you, told you you getting Fucking with the white. Hey yo. Speaking of that, oh wow. Did you, did you, did you hear About that? Black girls don't give a Fuck that. Fuck he died. Y The white, the white girl that killed the, her black boyfriend, she's not charged off. She got off. She got off. Yeah. Yeah. And black lady was like, see that's what happened when you keep going. Vanilla ice cream. That quality On factor in with all that jungle fever shit. Yeah. Your wife could take the argument places. You can't. She was taking it further. Take it further. Congratulations. Congratulations on having couple And his wife. I don't see a long road, but Shout to prenup. Mel, I'm down with you Mel.


Yeah, Thank you. Mel said I got assets. Go ahead Mel talk you shit. I do. You know Mel, Mel old enough to have something in that savings now. That's true. She got nothing. She got the, she got the got 2 0 1 k. She got some old shit nigga. No, Mel got something. She got some two shit. And somebody might have left her a little Something. Hey Nigga, come steal Mel ho it be one of the young Niggas from the Bronx. Hey get you see my Instagram on the daisy. I'm With shy Wood. Wait, that's on the front page of my Hulu this morning. I seen this story a million times already. But no, the white guy who just conned women all around the world and thinking that he was they man, yo, he Got on, he was killed.


Oh, Is it the dear John? Shit, he Yeah, But but it's a different one. Oh, Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They know. Oh, okay. Because I watched one Netflix Or something. It is the same white dude. Yeah, It is the same dude. That's cool. That nigga white Mel, why you think you can't get spun? Meaning like a young man can't come into your life and get you the trick on him. Let him let, let you let him drive the car. You know, Daddy. Oh wait. Trick tricking is different. Like give so you would trick. Well, no, no, no. Wait, just clarify question. Giving gifts is different from putting you in my fucking will and putting you as the beneficiary of my law life insurance policy. That is a huge, Well you be driving hours Motherfucking different.


You drop hours to chill girl, you drop three hours just to go chill on the Couch. I was just like everybody to know. He does not know fuck all. He just lemme Go all fuck. All the cri real didn't in the house. You outside of the balcony shut up any who See that? Yeah. And that's still different from signing the die. Very much so. But Mel would definitely sign a nigga. I It wouldn't, it would never happen. It would never happen. The point Is, no, you're a lover. You love Mel. You love, you gotta stop doing that. It would never happen Behind the back. Watch your mouth Mean a fricking frack. What you saying over there? I got, he's another loving boy.


Alright. Wanna say it? Go ahead Or not with you at all. I'm not gonna, I'm with her nigga. This you spinning you like a top? Yeah. Why do you I don See that. What, what? That little, what's that little game that hugging? I don't See that don't matter. I don't See that for Mel. I think Mel, I think Mel is a romantic. Thank you. That's what I was trying to say. Maybe, maybe even to a fault. And I think that the right nigga, the right young nigga too, start saying and doing the shit that you really been wanting. Nigga starts spiting lyrics from Hey Mata, I never heard that Roddy nigga start popping Roddy. Boy Mel, I think Mel Mel's probably not that to a fault.


Like that's probably why you're not married now. It is. 'cause you've been too like defensive With shit. It is On some level. Oh Yeah. And guess what? Get a this. Yeah. Yeah. Get him Parked. Yeah. He's absolutely right. No, he's absolutely right. I had, I've had, I've had it that way. What You just doing? I've had an avoidant attachment style my whole fucking life. Where's that? What was that right there? Heisman? Avoid Accountability. You know, you know the nigga move your hands. Never heard that? No. Okay. I never heard that. No, but Parks is absolutely right. I don't see Mel getting spun. Yo. For real. Thank You Mark. Yeah, you, you're absolutely right. I'm with y no tell, I've know Mel for 15 years. I've never seen her spend a dollar on anything like Damn care.


Oh Shit, I Don't See that there was that one time. That's what I'm saying. You right with that one person. Right. So that's what I'm saying. Like I can see Mel doing emotional labor, but I don't see Mel actually reaching her pocket and giving somebody her credit card. Yo, he's or signing. That's not what, that's not getting spun. That ain't, you ain't got reaching your pocket. Look at me spun. I'm saying I don't see a sign of no paperwork neither for the same reason. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about a young nigga coming into male life right now and taking her on a fucking ride of Ferris wheel nigga. Yes, I get that. It what happen. And she would, and he'll get some dollars outta her. I don't saying giving up no bread telling you she ain't wired. Put the way She ain't wired that way. Oh, we can't do that. That's no, that's true. How we going do? Yeah, I'm sorry. That was crazy. I, we ain't not talking about male's love life. I don we should be hyperfocused.


Lets get off of that. Absolutely. No worries. Not with her here. Not as agra. It was way better when you weren't here. We was able to really hyperfocus. Yeah. Let's talk about if home girl ain't get women's intuition that night. Shit, Mel was in the fucking blender already. That was a whole different kind of sponge. Mel was in the blender already. If homegirl didn't get that feeling in her gut, I didn feel it in Mel was already halfway, halfway to the moon. She was twisting in the beds. Kicked my Eris Ford saying chicken got it done Because it didn't Sha Rock Did okay. It did not. Okay. I say I think nobody's hyper focus on your loved one. Okay. All right. Fine. No problem. Chicken Didn't chicken.


I didn know that when we hyper a focus We'd be, we'd be sitting there. It wasn't a chicken yo. It wasn't chicken. And, and on top of that, Mel, Mel, real quick. Did, did you come up with a decision, Mel was was the First DoorDash Mel, did you come up with a decision so we could talk about what you know, what we saw over the weekend? Oh, you should just, man, we'll we'll leave it alone. We we'll leave it. We'll leave it because remember when Joe called you? Yeah, No It is Corey. I think we gotta put that Mac and cheese a Preheated man. You was trying to get to Man, look at me. You was trying to get to the bag. Damn rack's. All racks. All right. Yeah. The bag guy in gonna fucking share. Can I But, And this is for everybody. How come, how come when y'all do certain shit outside of here, we can't talk about it.


You can, but it's the way you do. We totally can. It is the way you do. And like if you talk about a regular, like you don't hold no punches. Hey, I saw that bullshit. You did. Boy, look at fuck. Like you gotta hold punches with your friends because when you, it takes, when you on such a big broadcast and you're doing your own thing coming from you who put us, who hired us, we wanna hear positivity, positive Positivity, highlight. Not just That highlight yo. And we wanna hear some praises. Nah, Fuck that you Do. Wait, hold on, lemme finish nigga, before you take further. We do like, we do like when you get praises, but when you not on that praise shit, it, it's a sting. It ain't Even about the sting. It's just a lot of motherfuckers hang on your every word.


That's what Sayre, Thank you. So Like you called it negativity highlighter at one point. Yeah. Even though that was a, a thing about that, a specific instance. But you coming out trashing something that somebody out here is working on could lead to a lot of shit. It's facts The same way you coming out. Whether you're not, if you don't say nothing and they just do it, it do fine. You coming out praising something that somebody working on could lead to a lot of shit on the other side. It's facts. You guys, Your voice is Dumb out. You guys, you guys bear with me for a second. Work with me. Yes Sir. I feel like we've had that talk before. We Have, we have I received the message there. You Have. That's not what I'm saying. Okay. I'm saying if somebody outside of here do something that would indeed be classified as nutty, We shouldn be able to talk about it.


I'm not talking about me creating a narrative off of something positive. Got we. You talking about we, I go outside if I Leave. That's not what I met. N I'm just, if I gonna Leave here and bug out. Yeah. I just say, and I come back in here. I'm supposed to act like business as usual. Nothing happened. Y'all like yo Dog, like my sleepwalk and shit. I did not expect to come back to work and it not be mentioned. Right. Even though that was beyond my control. Yeah. There's, I mean you let by example with that. Yeah. I mean you are we sure So, But wouldn't that be stupid to come to work in this workplace with the people in this workplace and say, Don't talk about that. Yo, don't talk about me sleepwalking y'all. And The sleepwalk didn't go public. Well I talked about it before and it never went public before it went public.


I talked about sleeping in a bed with somebody. No, I'm saying it was embarrassing thing in the universe. No. This particular situation and how it unfolded. If walking didn't go public, then none of us Would've mentioned that. You get what I'm saying? Well, how would you know what that unless you was in the hallway It well, it might have been something that we, We could've found out internally. Yeah. Like let's say hypothetically you were going through that internally And the world didn't know about it. It never got, how about let's try it a different way. Gotcha. When Mel had published Yeah. Say that. Don't apply to that. Did she expect 'cause she put it public for nobody to say nothing. That's my question. Yes. For the second time. Yes. Mel. That shit has so much okay's, so many views. I'm done. Okay. What are we talking about? I don Idea.


No it doesn't. Listen. Listen Linda, it doesn't matter. Oh, moving right along. That's right. We right along. Yo, really? We gonna do this? Yo. Yes. I really don't know. Did you end the sale? It's, it's fine. Yes, it's fine. But What made you, oh My God. Look At me. Look at me At your brother. What? To talk. I think It is good to put her on the table. Yes. So made the audience It Is telling you put put it in. Oh, okay. Hold on. I gotta take a break. What made You post that? Let's, let's you go to the kitchen. We gonna talk about your back. We'll, we'll we'll discuss it. She put the half off. That shit was $3. I didn she said half off. Girl, you wasn't making 10. It wasn't 20. That shit was three.


2 99. I support creators. I thought that I was about to say I support creators. We just had the conversation about how agree. Yes. You know what I mean? Yes. Agree. I agree with that. Shout to big man. I'm not familiar with this story, but whatever she's doing, I support it. That's fully yo be careful. Extremely careful. As a content creator, I support it. Be careful. Yeah. Tricky. So, Mel, can you, can you break it down for us? Just because I, I'm not, I'm not familiar with this story. She doesn't want to, we gonna move on. Okay. Oh, if you don't wanna talk about it. Okay. What is our next order of business? Mel's the greatest. Let me set a timer. Yo. Can, Can, can y'all. Our next order of business is the mac and cheese that she's cooking apparently.


Oh, did you put an oven again? I just, I put it in the You ain't Preheat. The oven was preheated. She About to put she about the potato on. How long do you cook it for? Mel? Put the cheese on the bottom of the pan. Mel. Excuse me. It was, no, I just do a, I do a Mel put The, Mel puts cheese on the bottom of the pan. I do, I do a light dusting Howing. You put cheese. How long does it cook for? It's cooking for like 35 minutes. But I'm, I have to get up in order to take the foil off in order to crisp with The top. That's a convection oven. Hmm. Alright. Nevermind. About to be so dancers. No, that's just a regular oven. It matter. That's convection. Do you normally make it in a regular oven that expensive as oven? Better be convection.


Let's see what happens. Okay. Ain't no bullshit over there. Nah, I may taste, I may taste the mac and cheese just to see. Just There we go. All right. Flip. Will you taste it too? No, I'm lactose and intolerant. Okay. Okay. He's Done. He a layer. He's Come on flip. Let's just one bite. Oh shit. Yo. And this is what happens. You be wild, you know, yo, that Diddy shit. When you on that Rah, look at you nigga. I just asked you talk popping champagne. You get a little different nigga. You, you put your whole body in the seat. You good dog? I'm great. I just asked the question, man. Kanye West, move on. Yes. Speaking of Diddy, there's been a lot of Kid Cudi talk. Yes Sir. There's some, there's a serious part and a not so serious part. But I guess the first part is the actual case Puff's.


Lawyers want the Kid Cudi testimony taken out. And as somebody who is appalled by Diddy and appalled by this whole story, I feel bad. But they Right, They're wrong. They're wrong. What is it based on? Well, They want, you think Diddy's lawyers are wrong? Yes. Yes. Tell me that. Did I think they, why do they want, wait, hold on. Why do they want remove? Okay. They want kid Cuddy's testimony removed because they said it's all speculation. True. Okay. They, they, they, he didn't actually witness anything. How do you know Puff did, came in your house and opened your gifts, locked the dog up. How do you know he was the one behind whatever happened to your car? Some bad, like you didn't see him. You have no proof. It's him. True. This Is exactly what his team said. Okay. Kid Cudi glasses on.


He Right. I know. Kid Cuddy's speculation about Combs involvement had minimal probative value. Whereas the danger of unfair prejudice, particularly since he was opening, since he was opening about ultimate issue as to which he was the alleged victim. Whether Combs was guilty of arson or one of the charged racketeering acts was great. I, I think But the point is during testimony, object to this shit. Exactly. I've been in the court where I didn didn't see It is hearsay. Speculation. Objection. Objection. And they'll beat that whole fucking argument up. Basically kill him on the cross. Yo, they allowed pictures to be shown of a car that got burnt up to influence the jewelry motherfucker who burnt your car up.


How you prove that I burnt your car up. And in the conver in Cutty's testimony, he says he met with Puff at some, some Soho House, Soho house. He met with Puff there. They had a conversation and he was like, yo, but about my car Puff's response was what Car? Yeah. So even if I'm the lawyer, yo, my client didn't even know what the fuck he was talking about. Even know you talked to him, he Didn't know. But then a couple of years ago, he, he stated that him and Puff ran into each other again and Puff talked all that shit. Yeah. And Puff was remorseful. Just said, I'm sorry for all that shit. Yes. It was fucking my girl. That is hearsay. Yeah. Like dog. It's not hearsay, but but I get your point. It it, it, it has, it has limited value. All right. It is not hearsay. 'cause he, he told him Directly. He told him directly, it's not hearsay, but when you saying, yo, he came in my, my house and did this to my car.


Yeah. What I mean he, no cameras unwrapped my gifts. He turned my alarm off. Sorry. I know. I shouldn't find that funny. He put my dog in the, in the, in the bathroom. You can't prove Puff did none of that shit or even ordered it done. Maybe we, I mean behind closed doors, we might think that he did, but you can't prove that. Yeah. No one didn't proven It is 2D it's two totally many different things. And you influenced the jury and you influenced the public by saying I did all these things. But, But that's why I'm saying Diddy's lawyers are right. You no, they're wrong. They shouldn't have got to that. They should have did that at The court. I I think that's true too. Yeah. I think they fucked up. Yeah. And I think Diddy has a, a real argument for ineffective counsel, which might be the, the backdoor strategy here. No, Diddy intended. But, but, but, but aside from the backdoor strategy, You saying theoretically it should be Exon.


I agree with You. Right. But I still think they have a argument that this should be thrown out. Because ultimately I want, as whatever I think of Diddy and I don't think much of Diddy, I still want defendants in general to be have A fair, have a fair trial. Yeah. To have a fair trial and somebody bringing in some shit. If, if Cudi had said, look, Diddy told me he learned it out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's different then That's fine. That's not hearsay. But I'm like, he fucking told you. He, he, what? What Said, said, I know what You're talking about. I dunno what you're talking about. Which any reasonable person would say, of course. Because you think they wearing a white. Of course. Of course. So I, I understand why Diddy would want this thrown out is all I'm saying. And I I hate that it, it went down that way. And I believe Cudi, I believe Cudi a hundred percent. I'm sure a bunch of people believe that this is the truth. Yeah. But that's Law works what we believe to be the truth.


And what you can prove is the truth are two totally different things. And I think that his, his, his lawyers and them dropped the ball on that. They totally Dropped the ball. But I think that, but the thing that I, I keep thinking that could be Strategy. I, again, maybe they're, they're trying to prepare for ineffective counsel some shit where like, look, there was some shit here where clearly, you Know, I mean like, like Y'all say that I don't view that that way. What, What Do you mean? What do you think? Like with the whole ineffective counsel thing? Because they didn't object, object, object. While Kid Cudi was up there. If, if, if you know someone, I'm gonna say Kid Cudi is another star witness. All the reports I've read, that's how they reacted to it. If you noted all of his testimony, you might have a chance to take it out. Maybe you let him go.


Maybe that, maybe that's a strategy. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. But, but, but, but disagree. I don this Make appeal for ineffective counsel because this was so obvious. They shoulda To, I don't understand y'all saying different Things. I'm not saying that that happens for him to file for ineffective counsel later. I'm saying if the council is great, maybe their strategy together is to let all of that go and have all of it stricken. Oh. Which I, which is why I say the I agree. I understand what you're saying now. Yeah. And that's why I say I think they're right from making, making this I think It is. Right. And and I agree with you that they're doing the right thing here. Yo, Let's keep it a buck though. The jury can't unhear what they heard. That's what I was about to say. And that's the hard part. The Jury unhear what they heard. I heard this shit. Right. And they already, but the truth is they already heard that shit before they got to court.


Yeah. But I didn, I didn see the pictures of the car. None of us saw the pictures of the car. D I didn know, I knew about him blowing the, I didn't know about the gifts in the, didn't know the, the gifts and breaking in the house and all that other shit. That's more diabolical than him blowing up my car. Yeah. That's some cold blooded shit. He Broke in my house, he disarmed the alarm and put my dog in the bathroom and unwrap my Gifts. Not to be toxic. Not to be toxic. What we talking about be That's way scarier than a nigga throwing a Molotov cocktail in Your car. Not to be toxic, but if my wife ever were to date somebody else, and I don't know if she hears this part of the podcast. I'd like to. It's very deep enough. I I'd like to. Yeah, I hope so. But I'd like to actually, I want, I may send this to her that The damn Marino on you.


I do this, this is the level of petty and diabolical that I want aspire to be. I don't support anything Diddy has done. But I understand the idea of tracking down. If my particularly if she were like cheating, not so much. Like if she just, if we break up, if you break up, Yeah. You, you on your, You move on with your life. But if there's just another nigga that's showing up or showing attention. Yeah. I wanna unwrap his gifts. His dog, his dog gonna go missing. You know what I mean? He may have a drop top that he didn't buy. You know what I'm saying? Like, am I alone in this flip? I know you understand. You've been married 1919 more than 19 years. You 17 years. Number one. Number two, you, you're not alone. But I'm not gonna elaborate.


I learned how to edit myself. Thank you. I gonna elaborate. Park Parks you with me too, right? I, no, no. I ain't even gotta ask ice. I already know Ice. Ride with me. Yo. Real quick though. How y'all feel about thug calling Cuddy a rat? Call him a rat. What The fuck? He's the subpoenaed witness. H how, how does, how does snitch culture overlap with this when you are subpoenaed but you have a federal fucking subpoena. He's A civilian. That kid Couldn couldn't even remove himself from hip hop. I stay with, I stay with Thug on this one. Yeah. Did he freeze the kid? Shut up. Mark. What's such a liar on my, on my mama? He does. No you don't. He Says how he stated that position from the day he walked in here.


It's a federal subpoena. I don't recall. And If you y don't gotta give the testimony, I Don't recall is what you say. Freeze. Did Kid Cudi remove himself from hip hop? Huh? No, I can't say So there's rules And industry rules and his rules that you abide by you asking the wrong nigga. I know. I'm just asking though. Hold on, hold on. Room Three B where's, no, no, no. Where's the hip hop rule rules? You know about rules. It's an interesting talk here. I wish y'all were happy. I'm trying Where's the hip hop rule book that Says it's not about it. It is. You said there's rules. It is an unspoken rule in the hip hop since before Eric being Rakim. Yo Bro, stop. It is unspoken. I'm gonna let you finish. Go Ahead. Yeah. Where a lot back in the days, a lot of people you talking about today or what you talking about?


Not back in the days Said back in the, alright. What I say is that you said where's the rules? The unspoken rule in the days, a lot of the rappers hung out with street niggas. They rap about the niggas that they were hanging out with. Correct. And they, they embodied their lifestyle. I'm with You. Right. A thousand percent. So what I'm saying is that that rule, unspoken rule trickled down to today, okay. In hip hop. Can I ask question? You're not supposed to tell take a stand against What street niggas did Hip did Kid Cudi align himself with and rap about. He didn't do none of the stuff of the people that you talking about. And he didn't come up that way. And back in the day, he's not a part of none of that Basketball. You can only take two steps. Now nowadays niggas take five and get to the bucket. It's a whole different ballgame. I think that that the what you are correct and where you come from and where I may come from and where Mark May come from that don't apply to other people in hip hop.


Some of these niggas didn't come from that. Some of these boys grew up in the suburbs and played with Asen yo and learn how to make they own beats and all that other shit and took a whole different route. This is my understanding. Listen, this is why if they said Kelsey did that and Tory ain't snitch this, I would attribute it to his following. I understand who of hip Hop. Can I and Mark and Mel have the fight because I'm, I'm, I might be with Mel. I'm confused by your position. You can be, I'm consistent with this. This is what I'm saying. Cudi has every legal right to do what he did. And I don't know if I would use the word rat. 'cause I I like to reserve the word rat for people who commit crimes and then together I understand. Sell out the person who they committed crimes with. Yes. Yeah. But I absolutely wouldn't do what Cudi did.


You know what I mean? And Which is testify against, Which is testify. I mean the nigga, the nigga opens your Christmas presents like, like there's a way to handle shit like that. And that's not It. But he ain't built To handle that. And I don't respect that. And, and and Thug doesn't respect that. I'm not saying he doesn't have a right to do it and I think civilians should do civilian shit. I'm just saying. And, and I, that's why I don't love the word rat. I think I would've used a different word to describe it ta toe. But I Yeah, but I would definitely criticize that. Especially, especially because Cudi was talking about, I wanted to See that nigga. I wanted to fight that nigga. I told, I met up with that nigga. They had a talk about him hiding his dog and, and and taking his, his talking truck. Like Yeah. I'm Like super shocked by your Position that, that shit, I'm not, You just said That's the other day.


I I I said it all the time. Like, you gotta take a, you gotta take a lane again. If you're a civilian and you do civilian shit, fine. I Feel like this podcast started with him expressing how happy he was that some of the covert behavior is coming to the limelight. Right? Yeah. But I don't think all covert behavior needs to be handled through the criminal legal system. I think there's a way to handle Negative. So would it be okay for, for a kid Cudi to try and try and shake down Puff You be would be fine with that part? I I was thinking of a different response to that one that I wouldn't necessarily say. Well he Saw Puff in the Soho house. He could have married fist him. That's what I'm saying. You were standing to, you stand in front of him after saying you want to fight the nigga. In the event that somebody doesn't wanna fight the person that they may be afraid of.


What do you suggest they do? One, don't say I wanna fight the nigga. And two, I'm not holding People ask for a new Porsche and not just that he let the shit, yo at least the shit was 2012. He let the shit go for like, he let it go. He got subpoenaed. It ain't like he walked up and said, Hey let me tell y'all something about him. Yeah. I not, they subpoenaed the nigga. I'm not calling him a rat. But what she said, that's, And, and I'm shocked because in the, in your very first breath, you, I don't wanna say applaud the behavior from, from puff up toward Kid Cudi, but empathize with it and understand where that person is coming from and could maybe identify if put in a similar situation.


Yes. So you wanna be able to do all the things Puff did to keep Cudi without the repercussion of the nigga going to jail. I mean I the nigga putting forth the action to put you in Jail. Start from the premise. You're missing an important premise here, which I don't necessarily think jail and prison is the way to resolve our conflict. Yeah, he always said that. So I'm, but I don't believe there shouldn't be consequences for behavior. Are you surprised because of you? Are you surprised because of Mark Lamont? 'cause you would, you would understand what we're saying. Of course he would. Are you surprised because Judge done the same shit? No. Are you surprised? 'cause it's Mark Lamont Hill. Is that what I'm I'm surprised that a man in your Stature because I'm hearing, I'm just hearing different Conflicting views and I'm saying it's consistent if you really hear what I'm saying. It is, It is. I don't believe in jail and prison. I believe in accountability.


Shit gotta come from somewhere. Question. I'm, I'm, I'm, but it should only come from Women. I'm not opposed to yourself. Oh, I see what you're saying. I'm saying men, women, whoever. I'm saying No, you're not saying There's no woman involved in this. Okay. I'm not doing this with indirectly. I think you're missing my point. I'm saying indirectly. I'm saying if you, if Joe, if somebody blew your fucking carb, you would not call the police. You'd go fuck them up. I Don't know that to be true bro. No, he Won't. Okay, fair enough. I don't know that to be true. If you did let me. Alright, that's fair. If you did, I would not fault you for that. What If it's someone you can't fuck up Then don't say I wanna fuck them up. What you say that every about nigga can't fuck up. Fuck. But, but for I, but to me that's a contradiction. I'm that I'm pointing out if a civilian does civilian shit, I'm okay with it.


I'm a civilian. If fuck I wouldn't call the police. But if I did, I don't think it's wrong to call the police. I'm not, I'm not saying he That's what I said. He's not a rat. He didn't do rat shit. This is is civilian shit. What's The remedy if someone does some shit to you and you can't fuck him up in your system. Just that Right. I would, I would need, I would need a specific example. It depend on what It is. Kid cu can't fuck up Puff kid. Cu can't fuck up puff. No matter what he said to him on the phone. He quickly realized that after he said it. After he, yo I'm on my way. On my way. Oh shit. You know what this nigga spoil. Here's here's, here's my take on the situation. Kid Cudi is a civilian here. Yes. He's not beholden to whatever, you know, rules street. Yeah. And he does not think that way. Also this is, I'm gonna go out on a limb and say this is the first time he's ever had to do what this is testify in front of a, in, in, in front of open court, a federal case having been subpoenaed.


What, how the fuck are you supposed to know what you're supposed to do? What you're supposed to say, what you're, how, how you're supposed to edit yourself. Audit what you're, what you're saying. Yeah. He's just blah saying it all. I still, I still wanna know the remedy. Yeah. And, and I I'm not ignoring that question. I just, I'm gonna circle back 'cause I now I understand what you were asking about the just women thing too. Let me be clear. I never believe that the courts in the criminal system is the best way to handle things. I understand as a practical matter that until we provide alternatives, people have to do that. So when someone steals your car or assaults you or kidnaps you or moles you, I'm not saying that you shouldn't, I don't say you snitch or you fucking with the system. No. You have to use the best tools that you have in front of you. I just don't think that that's the ideal system.


And that's not for just women, that's for anybody. Right. And including Cudi. So again, I, I don't say Cudi is wrong for doing this and I don't, I definitely wouldn't say Cudi. He's a rat for doing that. I think we overuse the word rat and snitch. That's just not agreed. That's just not fair. What I am saying no is I don't play by those rules. And so I can empathize with why thug would feel a way about somebody doing that. Especially if you put the option of fucking him up on the table. Now maybe I'm holding too much weight and I hear y'all, I think you are. Maybe I'm putting too much weight on that. He could have just you're Shouldn't. And that might be fair because if you don't, if you don't mention fucking him up, then I haven't. And you called the police 'cause he b blew up your car. I'd still be like, damn you Maybe he Googled like height, weight.


He said, you know what real time Mark, mark said he stands by Yo, you go to court and you said, yo, I don't recall what happened. Yeah, that's what I don't remember. But I'm still wondering what the motive is. Oh no, I don remember, But Mark also. But I would take a civil option over that. Okay. That's what I'm saying because again, like again it's not, and that's not perfect for me, but at least then it fits my abolitionist principle, which is you took, you blew up my car. You need to restore me to what I lost putting, I, as I keep saying on the show, putting somebody in a cage doesn't store with you. They Gotta rewrap the gifts at Neman. Yeah. About emotional. About what? About the fact that like, yo, this nigga could come in my house anytime he want. He just proved that to me. Get how you bat. I about Get a dog but Get a real dog.


Get a real dog. Oh Man. He'd a struggle putting that connect Corso. Oh No, no. That wasn't work With Brooklyn. Yeah. No, not at all. At all. Was There a reason why he said it? Like was there, was there a question that provoked that response? Kanye West. Just wait before you have an intelligent conversation. Let's just highlight Mark. Mark Ciroc. It's not the Ciroc Mark off the Ciroc Did that Didi Juice got him. That's crazy. That crazy. It's just the idea of somebody come to your crib and opening your presence. That's that's the motherfucker trying to ing you a message. Yeah. So disrespectful again, that shit. Remind me of what You think it time to wrap him.


It remind me of what happened with NB. A young boy out in Texas when Jay Princeton was trying to holler at him, he was ignoring him, playing them out and then they went, took his keys to his Rolls Royce took the umbrellas out just to show you, hey, we can get in here. Right? Like It is just a message we sent in the car. You ain't fucking nothing up. Huh? Getting in the car versus getting in the Oh, the car was in the garage. You got in my garage. You you showing me that I could get in here. I wanna laugh too because on my niggas side, this is fucking hilarious. It's just a lot going on with celebrities being stalked. Yeah. You wanna be mindful of where You lend your lap. Niggas is getting they fucking whole jewelry box their whole safe.


So they lose their, they out crazy. They're running out with the whole safe. Yeah. They killing people fucking again, I always go back to Lady Gaga's dog sitter like Yeah, I just seen It is just too much going on. They fucking tracking the athletes' away schedule and just, they going crazy. So this is hilarious. But I understand how it's scary as shit. It is. Well nah, Shit, I get that. I get that. You're Being honest. And for most people that pay they fucking tax dollars that That the picture I heard about a picture that they took of y'all walking out the stadium. Y'all walking out the stadium, you And your girl and y'all was, they said that they was, y'all was hailing down so, or something. Oh, the ring. It's scary my nigga That's regular.


I don The guard that somebody knows exactly what door you coming out. It's a celebrity door. They all come out that door. They stand there and just video everybody that come out. Yeah. That's a slightly different situ situation. They catch anybody coming out or going in anybody. Okay. And if It is one thing I could count on my driver for Being late, Getting you lined up, it's to not be right where I need him to be. He say that shit all the time. My driver don't really understand on that celebrity stuff. Yeah. No, he don't understand. He don't understand consequence associated with it. He don't understand rush. That too. It's A few things he know saying Think he picking up a a a corporate dude. Yeah. He used to drive in them niggas.


Well yeah, It is different. No matter how many times he seen me get my dick sucked back there. Right. Well he probably See that too. They get they dick Sucked too. Yeah, they are. Hmm. They get they dicks too. Touche. Yeah. Touche. Any who's any who's The other thing just to close out the whole rat thing because you were saying it's, it's, it's basically unwritten rules and all of this. One part that a lot of street people in particularly don't understand is those on the other side don't really give a fuck what y'all think. Yeah. I'm not that's not true. Some a a lot, some a lot don't.


A lot don't play in that world a lot. Don't really care about that world. It's, that's y'all shit. But a lot of niggas trying to emulate that world. Oh absolutely. That's a that list though. I wouldn't say him. No, no. There's people that don't have anything to do with that that y'all try to hold these rules to and it's just, it's unfair to them. A thousand percent. I Agree. Nothing about kid Cudi ever said, I'm trying to be a street nigga. I care about streets. I'm anything street related. Not even a little. Yeah. People wanna put street rules on him. I don't even fan single bar. That sounds like that. I Think though, is he a rat thing? Is a question that should never be commercialized. Like that question shouldn't be so mainstream. And I think that that's their business. I think that question should never be from thug. Given everything that you've been through and how they just, you shouldn't even, you shouldn't be why participating in the, in the conversation in the dialogue.


Yeah, It is. Why? Because he just to flip's point, thug sees the world as this. I'm talking about I am on a ridiculous probation right now. They are already looking for any reason to fuck with me. I don't want to talk about nothing. Oh, street, I get what you're saying. That game, that that culture. I hear that. I don't wanna talk about none of that. Hey, what you're saying that's unwise. It's so tempting. I hear what you're saying. I'm not disagreeing. Yeah, That's which is why I think he deleted it so fast. Hmm. What? Teas and peace. Teas and Peace.


And peace and d The trial is ongoing, so We'll if anything else happens, we'll keep you both saw. You Saw Boeing getting off scot free. Yeah. That shit Disgust. It keeps happening. See, see, see with power Somebody explain it. They're not gonna be able to be held liable for any of the accidents that have happened Recently. Any anything. Yeah. And they, and they grilling 'em saying they gonna pay some money. Some they, they found them, they found evidence that they was cutting corners on certain shit. And the, the, the CEO was in front of a congressional hearing. He got a 40% raise, 35% raise from last year. He's at like 33 million a year.


$32 million a year. And they basically said so you could cut corners on building your planes, but you got a 40% pay increase. I wonder why you did that because you lowered the the bottom line by taking the shortcuts. But they ain't gonna hold them in no liability at all. Yeah. Speaking of getting off Donald Trump's Pause. It's crazy. It's children. All of you. We mature like me please. Donald Trump has been pardoning a lot of people. He pardoned a sheriff in Virginia, your home state for who had given 75.


That is his home state. Home state. Not my home state. He be trying to remix it when he tell his upbringing story. I was in DC I was in Baltimore. Right. You was in the S Right Charlottesville nigga. You was in Ville, Virginia, nigga. Right. We know where You right. DC up c I've never lived in Virginia in my life. We know we Got it buddy. What you talking about? Anyway, there was a sheriff from Virginia named Scott Jenkins who got convicted of fraud. He was literally selling sheriff's, deputy badges and sheriff's deputy status to people. Seven. I think he made how much Worth He made Seven. He made 75,000 cash. He cleared A whole 70. Oh we Oh, he is in a small town. Yeah, Exactly. He Was in a small town's.


The town You got yo give us all little what Word what He was selling them for two 50 and some Snickers. I don't know. That's what I looking What he got convicted is the point. And they found a whole pattern of corruption in the department. He was convicted. Trump pardoned him two days ago. Donald Trump pardoned a tax cheat. Somebody who had literally had a, a, a tax fraud conviction because he attended or his mother attended a million dollar plate dinner. So Trump is very clearly saying, if you, if you pay, you're good. And the reason I'm bringing this up is because there's a lot of talk that George Floyd's, killer Chauvin, Derek Chauvin is going to be next on the list to be Martin.


They're fighting, they're fighting for him to be It's a but that don't, that ain't gonna affect the state case though, Is it? It's not. But I'm wondering about just symbolically what it looks like if they forget. I mean, does the country catch on fire again? Do niggas get mad or we at a point where we don't we're over and we just accepted that the world is on? I Think they would do that if he were to in some way be released. Mm. But because he still got them 20, was it 22 years? Yeah. State. He got crazy state time. Yeah. He got, he got crazy state time. So I think when people realize that, it's like, okay, you did some fuck shit but you ain't let him out. Right. You can't let him out. The other fear is that if the And the governor out there ain't, ain't This governor. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. If you doing 22, you'll wait Three.


Yeah. Yeah. I didn't think about that. You know what I'm saying? Because a lot of times the fed thing is the thing you're most worried about. Like I can't get the president to do it. You can get a governor just about anything. So I'm just saying this country might be on fire again soon. I wouldn't be surprised if we see a whole lot of protests for this because of all this pay to play stuff. It's gonna let a lot of guilty people out. Well That nigga said, yo, he giving away. You weren't coming in the country five mil Nigga, they getting ready to do that show that we've been talking about the show the immigrants. Yeah. To, you know, you gotta be able to see who can, who can last in order to get they citizenship. You know what I mean? A few things while we're on this law and order segment, how do you guys feel about the decision to try Carmelo Anthony as an adult?


I hate it. It's Hard. Carmelo Anthony is the young man that killed that White Boy over there in Texas. And he's How old again? He a minor. Yeah, he's a minor. He's a minor. So why would he be being charged as an adult? You know, a lot of times They Say, a lot of times they do that. Yeah, dude, they do that so often when there's a brutal murder They Say, this is so heinous that we gonna try this person as an adult. Which I never agree with for all the reasons I don I'm not even convinced you try somebody's 18. He's 18. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm saying at 18 you have an option. But I'm saying we know how to, the frontal cortex works, we know the brain isn't developed for another eight years. I mean, to try somebody at even 18 to me is, is sketchy. So I think that's, that's another potential powder cake.


I I was about to, that's, that's why I thought of it. I I could see America turning upside down just with some of this legal shit coming up. I also wanted to go ahead, I wanted to have a conversation with Mark Joe, but I didn't mean to interrupt. I'm sorry. No, it's just more law shit. Yeah. I wanted to talk to him about law and his stance. Mark, do you think that you're sort of giving the wrong message when you say that Yes, you're not for Oh, okay. You're not for, I know we talked about this before, but the more you elaborate on it, the more it gets confusing. So people like me and other people, we look up to you for advice and for you to take a A or look down to you for advice. Yeah. Whatever.


Or we, you know, we expect you to take a higher road and just preach things that can help the society move forward. Yeah. Yeah. But then when you say that I don't believe in prison, I don't believe in jail. I believe that there's other ways that you handle things. The other way would be would to me, if you're explaining it to me, would be violence. So then you'll still be promoting black on black violence even if that may not be a thing to you or violence in the neighborhood. That can also keep us stagnant, if you understand what I'm saying. I feel that I, I think that that position presumes that there's only one solution and that's violence. And I'm saying that there are other ways to resolve issues. When I talk about abolition, the first thing I say is it's a long-term strategy.


It's a long-term vision. The, it's about decarceration getting people out of prison, but it's also about ex carceration stopping things from having people go into prison, for example, most people who go are in prison aren't there for violence. They're not there for child molestation, they're not there for rape, they're not there for stalking. Right. Most people are there for, for, for crimes of poverty, for crimes of, you know, so for me, the first thing I would do is I'd say, well why are we locking people up for gambling? Why are we locking people up for prostitution? Do we really want prostitution to be illegal? Do we really, You know what I mean? Do we really want simple possession of these drugs to be illegal? I can name a bunch of things that we probably could all agree shouldn't be illegal in the first place. So I'm trying to stop people from going in. I'm also trying to get people out, you know, locking people up for certain crimes to me as opposed to work release as opposed to suspended sentences as opposed to community service.


There are things we could do to get people out. I'm not saying resolve our problems. I'm not saying like somebody steals your tv, punch 'em in the face. Okay. Although that might be my natural inclination. I don't wanna make law based on my natural inclination. I would say if somebody steals my tv, how can I, how can I, how can they make me whole again? But the but you're not, you're not making it clear that there should be consequences. You're basically like putting the bandaid over open wounds when you say, okay, just if somebody do something, if you, there should be consequences for your actions and Where's, where's the deterrent to somebody else was stealing your tv. So 'cause that for, for a couple folk, Hey, I ain't gonna go, we ain't gonna, I'm not gonna break in that house because if we get caught, I know I might have to go sit up and do X, Y, ZI, I think that's the right question.


I I think both of your questions are the right question. I think first the thing that stops people from, I don't just wanna stop people from stealing TVs. I want to eliminate the desire to steal my tv. Okay. What makes people steal? Not steal my TV jobs usually. Okay, I see. Okay. Opportunity access. So you wanna go to, you wanna go to the core. We gotta get at the root. Got it root, You know what I mean? And, and, and to me those are the types of things. Now again, some nigga just wanna steal TVs. Some people just wanna commit assault. Some people just wanna do harm even when they're not poor or desperate. Some not pretending that the world can all be fixed through social programs, but most of it can be usually when you get a lot of it, a lot of it a lot. You know what I mean? When you get rid of I don know about most. Yeah. I I I don't even say a lot. I'll take that a lot. Well, he just said a story the other day where somebody went through all the resources, went through all the social program, and came outside and did a crime.


We just, All this stemmed from a very rich man doing some fucking crazy heinous and slash petty shit. Right. So one could argue that we should reign in their wealth. Oh, I'm With you on that. Yeah. Which could, this is all my stuff is connecting here. I'm saying that Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm seeing what you're saying. All at least even if people don't agree, they connect. Right. So I'm, I'm not saying people should be reckless out here. I I, I'm halfway joking with the thug shit, but in general, I, even if I would do it, or you, or you might do it or whoever might do it, but at the end of the day, I'm saying we gotta change. We gotta change how things operate so that the only, our only options are be mad or lock somebody up. Those can't be the only or fuck somebody up. Those can't be the only choices. We gotta come up with better choices and, and, and that's a whole different vision of the world.


Got it. And we gotta do step by step. But in the meantime, all we got is all we got. So that's what I say. I don't get mad when people call the police when somebody stole their TV or they car. 'cause what, who else you gonna call? But I hate the fact that if somebody steals my TV or my car, the only person I can call is somebody with a gun as opposed to somebody who could actually solve this problem for me. We gotta change the way the world is laid out. That's all, that's all for me. Man. You guys are like a palate cleanser with these talks. I Was, I wasn't expecting. Yeah. Y'all come on man. Give it up. I just hate this nigga. I just hate them. The more I work here, the more I hate this nigga. I didn't expect that, but I like him more. My last law and order question for you guys.


The, the escaped 11. How do we feel about the grandparents and some of the people that are being charged with aiding and abetting a criminal for helping their, for helping their kids? I don't like it, but I I get it. Yeah. It is the, It is, you know me, I'm, I'm a the law is the law. So I do understand it. If you escape, if you escape, would you put your grandmother in that position? You Already know You Right. Yeah, absolutely. And grandma gonna come through too. Granny gotta go hold her down. She, no, I wouldn't want, I wouldn't want Granny to go to prison. I wouldn't want her to go to jail. That said that. That's, That's Well then you contradicted the, the what I just asked. I'm just saying, are y'all calling grandma for help when you get out? They Say You Right. They Say I'm calling grandma even if she go to jail.


No, what we're saying is even that person didn't think that grandma was gonna go to jail over it. I'm not sure if he knew grandma would go to jail for a fact that he would put her in that place If you knew what you Still call, that's thing the guy that escape don't know that the people that help him. It is probably going a lot people A lot, Lot. No, a lot of people don't know that. They don't, Lot of people don't know that. I don't know. I don I don't know. Prison jail rules. I don't know. Harboring a fugitive. Got it. No, I Got eating and abetting. Yeah, That's a Basic one. Like those aren't Yeah, that's not the, okay. White collar crimes. I think that niggas be selfish and they in survival mode. Was there any plausible deniability here that he was like, Hey, I got out and she was like, oh baby, you're home.


And she didn't know that he had escape And the old people watch channel 12 news religiously and they see Plausible deniability. My TV was stolen. Saying, Saying Put your hands behind your back man. Yes. Yeah. Plaus plausible. Deny this vulnerability. Why you put your hands behind your back? We no, we deny, you know, we gonna deny nana your bell. You know what else too? Because my grandmother said this quite a few times. Like some of 'em old folks think they ain't gonna get into trouble. Yeah, yeah. They old, they think that, yo, I'm old, they ain't going. You know if, if, if they come to me or whatever, if, if if I have a problem 'cause of this, it's gonna be something like they don't think they going to jail over that.


My grandmother said quite a few things and we like, ma, they gonna lock your ass up. Boy, I'm 83. They ain't going. They will take your 80. They think about me. Yeah. Put the gun back. Fuck yo. Nah, Eh. All right. That's it for my law and order segment. Yeah. I don't have any other questions about stories that may depress each and every one of us. I'm done. Okay. They're down to two. And listen, as far as predictions, I'm about four for four. Five for five with some of this shit that's been going on this year, but I can't say it yet. I predicted that stud face would be the last one. A lot of people would say, and a lot of people like stud face That he was the, one of the ones that like orchestrated the whole shit.


See, I don't know. Didn't I didn't read that. I read that stuff face. He had, Yeah, he had the play And I read something that contradicted whatever I reported last week about his murders being revenge murder for the cop that killed his grandmother. I don't know what's true and what's not true. Okay. I just know that the dude that looked like a stud in the face, That was everybody's, that was The favorite. A lot of people had him picked as the favorite to last. A Some of these niggas didn't, some of these niggas didn't make it outta New Orleans. They Ain't had no point. It is a video just dropped of one of the two. You could tell. Ain't had no grandma to help. A video Just dropped of one of the two Who wasn't no money on the street. A nigga just did a video that he just dropped a video. I don't know if he antagonizing him but just like dropped a social media video.


One of the niggas that's currently out right now? Yeah, yo. Oh, in the pool? Yeah, yeah, yeah. When he jumped in the pool. So I ain't, I ain't went been swimming in 19. Yeah. Yeah. Fresh Braids. Yeah. He just Don't worry. He next. That's how we know stud face gonna win because the other nigga doing shit like that stud face. You ain't heard a word? Not a pee. Hey, let me stop calling him that in case he in Jersey. Hey Nigga. Might have caught a greyhound. Might have caught a Greyhound. Heard that shit you said? I just don't know his name, but y'all know who I'm talking about. Stud face. Alright, what else? What else? What else is there His name from that one. Important. Unimportant. Unless he in front of me. Hate your Arms. What else needs our undivided attention?


Like that helps anything ever. Do Any of y'all watch the AMAs? No. Do we not care about the ama? Is that just an award show we don't give a fuck about? I don't. I don't. They don't even, they don't even announce what it's coming or anything like that. Least since Michael Jackson algorithm. Crazy. Alright fine. Jackson, did any anybody here catch any of them? Beyonce shows? I'm going tomorrow. Oh okay. My girl went tear. My girl went. Yeah. Yeah, she five or six fucking shows over there. How long was the show, do you remember? No. Okay. You trying to brace yourself? Yes. I'm trying to figure out how, how much I gotta, I heard it was lengthy pause. Yeah. Yeah I heard that they went, she didn't get back home madly. I don't know.


Okay. But she said it was dope. Yeah, sure. You Know when? Hold On. Ish. Okay, well your confidence is up there my nigga. Did you, you got the, you got her location on your, on your Samsung. You just know that she went there directly. I just wanna make sure I know Confident niggas. You just too confident for that nigga. I be worried. You was worried About what? Who did she go with Dolo? No, one of my homegirls. Oh shit. Had a watch, had a watch. Ance had a watch. Okay Man you fell. I thought you fell off for a minute. Smart man. Yeah, I You did the right thing like Spike. Yeah you did it.


You did the right thing. You A smart nigga. I thought you fell off nigga, but you back with the jump off. You was getting updates all night. Yeah. What she doing right there? Yeah, she Just went to the concession stand. I up with her. It was a ran but now she was respectful. She held her down. She held you down. You know what I mean? She said she had man her boyfriend. I Wish I would. We all, we all not all like that but you have, you have to worry about if your girl is outside, you get it. Don't necessarily about men your girl. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. But if you put in your home girl with your girl, I didn't do that. That was their own Thing. Just happened to happen. Happen. You know what? She free tonight. They Hit it off. Hey thank God doing me. You smart niggas. I forgot. Thank you. Could take the hustle. You could take the nigga out the hustle. But you can't take the hustle out the nigga so stupid though.


That nigga scram fam the last thing on my mind bro. You stupid. Crazy. He couldn't knock if he buck up. Who? Dumb girl wasn't there what he was gonna do? Nothing crazy. That's what I'm saying. She came in when the fuck she came in, that Nigga do 90000%. Yeah. Yeah. You gonna be over there on your side of the bed. She gonna scoot in, smack him on ass Baby Sleep right here, Smack him on Bow. It is gonna put the baby to sleep and sit right on the porch like a white power. He got in Wipe how or the porch though. He gonna do his legs like This. It is in there. Snoring up and starts. She put the blanket over. Look at my baby cold. Look at my baby and forgot to put the blanket over. Man, look at her. But you gotta understand I she come in at four 30 nigga, our Brothers our brother, you know he always got a plan.


So he like, yo, you came in four 30 so now I could be out til six 30. Look baby. Damn my baby left the TV on again. Look at my baby watching fucking Martin Rerun four Kissing. Oh yeah, four kissing. He's so cute man. Let me get in bed. No doubt. Let me shower first though. Let me get in the shower first. It's the Tell Town. That's the tell you was in the shower. Yo. Yo. You smell like do yo, you mad Sleepy but you got in the shower first Niggas girl can't walk in after a long night out and take a shower. Oh, that's crazy. You can't do that. No. That you can't do. Sorry buddy. No sorry. What's the time Joe? Like what's the time for you? Like Oh I get shocked when she out. Okay. I get shocked when she leave the house.


Fuck. Oh shit. You found something to do Adrian. Alright. Wait until you get the jersey. That's when you get the, that's you get the app. You get the app. Forgot my password. Got some new friends. Forgot my password. You Also Stupid. So the track app. But she was showing me that on her car, niggas buy car. Well lemme not speak for niggas. I buy cars and just be happy that the car drive. She buy cars and take advantage of all the all the Functionality Features. So she pull up some shit that say Journey And you can Journey Tell Freeze. He the one. He the one, he's the one. The freezers never beat that game.


But anyway she pulls some shit up called Journey To show you what she went where You could see everywhere that the car went. What? And you feel good? No 'cause I'm never gonna do that. I don't, I'm not going to use none of the capabilities that come with none of none. No, but she showed you that you it the smart toilet got a speaker. I don't know. I'm just listen to Bird shit. I ain't gonna hold you. It took me two years to figure out how to open the back move roof. My shit got two roofs, the second one off. That's I'm saying. So what I'm saying that she come to you Ain't you Ben give you a little app. I don't know how to do none of that shit. None of That shit. I love Little Ben. None of That shit freeze. You know how to use the Journey app. I Don't have it for my vehicles. That's not what I asked you. Yes. So you do know how to use that Journey app. You freeze don't freeze.


I don, I ain't got nothing. We didn't say nothing. Don't, don't hit insinuate Nothing either. Freeze is not the one. Don't insinuate nothing either. Only The two nigga. No, No, nah. That oh nigga Bullet take It over there. Hey yo girl when you was, you was was You know what is like nails done down There? Huh? Who that? Who they who? Who they? Who Paton? Huh? Who the fuck you Know? Yeah. What Patterson girl. So anyway, hopefully I answered your question mark. When my girl move up here, I'm on freeze. Shit. Where Is the Time? Freeze.


What's the free shit? Why free? It is The free shit freeze. No, no, no, no. Listen, I'm, I'm down. No I'm not down. Alright well I'm gonna be on what we assume to be free. Shit. There you go. There you go. I'm gonna be on that. There you go. Yeah I'm can assume it. I got a real funny sound. I got a funny story. I'm saving a power wives. It is so funny. I got two. How crazy is it? It Is funny. No, no we got two. I ain't get to have the beef about it to my girl's face. We was too busy beefing about all the beefs. She had racked up with me so. Oh we was so then by the time we finished with all of her beefs, I was too exhausted to get the oyster to say what the fuck I had a problem with.


So now my shit just in the talk Chilling somewhere and now we great. So you can't bring it up down no Exact exact opposite. Wait tell me because You know what we talked about that, that whole situation up there, she was like oh see I ain't, I had some shit I could have got off but I forgot because I was busy defending this. Mm. But next time You gotta have a new have Was like but next time though I was like no we ain't gotta do all that. We good. We good now. Yeah, no I got he power if You get free because I about to ask yo this, if you getting checked on something right and you have to explain, explain do you end up, do you, are you a one that tune out? Do you tune her out and just let her talk and or do you address every single thing she's saying like say the argument going on for an hour.


You mean does he actively listen while she's talking? Yeah, I'm just asking. I was Nick That was a good reframing right there. Nah, it just said totally different. Hey girl, you got no relationship. Don't make no face. I just saying girl who actively listen to you. Oh shit Daisy dar tune you up. No because she tunes me out. Yes she great because when I ask that because even when I nah, I'll tune out though. Even when I watch Joe. Right Joe, he addresses a lot of things. So I wanna know if he does that. Does he get to, does he tie himself out or does he has like I gonna address this, I'm gonna address that. If she's accused you of something, let's say Sade come to you with five things, are you addressing all five? Or at one point do you be like man all I'm done with this Conversation, I'm addressing anything that my girl got a problem we wanna discuss.


See but I don't call that address shit. I got a whole list that I keep in the that don't never get addressed. I But so I respond. I respond to you got got whatever it be so y don't Get tired. I don nigga ladies argue for hours Boy you know when I'm tired 'cause I'll start agreeing. Oh God. You'll know exactly when you know what. Yeah You right checked out. You right. You know what I understand. Totally. Right. You know what come with that though. Now you just agreeing To shut me up. Well that's true. Yeah. And them, yeah all the old she gonna know how but you can't say it though. She gonna know where I stand on the matter when I do it again in a few weeks. See she gonna know that I didn't fully, I didn't hear.


I didn, I didn. I didn't really agree with her. Hey no listen, her troubleshooting method. Hey yo free. Listen the other day when Ade was here, right wrong with him the other day Rash was said. We was talking nigga and Joe was just talking. He would look that direction. Joe would look that direction like this. I get yo, if I could just be in that nigga mile for a minute now he would just look the direction and be like, yo, he was, every time he was sitting with his, I caught myself going overboard and I'm going overboard. I thought that was fire sitting there. So that's my check and balance. Yeah I I love That. Let me look over. Yeah, no You right. Yeah I said a, I, I said a lot. I say through wife But she understands that nonverbal communication in the name of content.


She let me give my shit. She let give my shit dude Linky. I do. I I give her that Look I don now if I want to go over boy, I just stare at her nigga like and still say it like yeah. Ah. But It is better to just chill. That's why it's funny. Now listen, I wrote down here fucking stepdad love is different from real dad love. Oh man I wrote it just had Keno. You Got stream, you got streaming university Over there Too. I wasn't gonna touch on nothing from the topic 'cause it's just funny and ignorant but like I really enjoy it. We did the, like I said we did the football camp shit. Yeah. And he was having a blast up here like just on some New York shit, let's run around.


I wanna see the pod. I want to He he Was dope. Was dope. He Dope. He was dope. He having a blast and I'm having a blast. But his stepdad blast, which means at some point you got to get the fuck Yo Joe don't do it. Pass the baton. Like What? Joe ain't gotta go home. Listen Joe don't Joe don't do it. Saying I love you. I'm also the dude that folds mom up like you nevermind. That's the conversation you can't actually have though. You can't. Yeah you stupid motherfucker. No you did not know.


Hey real dad might not think about nothing like that. Right. Step though at end the shit. Alright I got something to do. Now your, I'm so that is so immature. Right. But whatever. I don look good. Shout good. Shouts shouts to him. I also had another question I wanted to ask y'all. What's up? Because I've been nigga nuts. You got real, real. Go ahead. Well I'm nuts and I'm right. I got a real, real, real good homegirl. I got a real good homegirl. One of my good, good, good, good good platonic homegirls. And I recently, I seen, I'm seen recently she made a relationship Instagram like a couple.


Yeah. Okay. Now before she made it, you know you could see your good, good girlfriend kind of going off the deep end. And I'm not saying that like it's a bad thing. They're super in love. Well from what I'm seeing, yeah of course. That's the vision output. So I hit her. I said not the relationship IGA girl can lie, you know I'm a funny bitch. And then she said and TikTok and i's tapped my Girl Shit get I TikTok child. So my question to y'all is what do you do when you see your good, good, good friend start a relationship Instagram and TikTok page at the same time.


Exactly what you just did. I laugh about it with my girl and wait for it to end. That's it. That nigga set the timer. You know, wait for her to start posting inspirational quotes in about three months. Coach Keno, you got keno over this. I just said take food over. Shit. She got that Why just said that. Yo Melyssa Ford Keno. No, I just said that. No, I just said that. And Mel no, what are you doing? They doing that shit for the last hour. We was talking that she got up, he was giving tips and shit. No he was not. I was watching. Listen, look Mel, you are a piece of shit. Whoa. No for real. Because when you gonna stop? No, he listen, we have a whole plan going on over there.


Right. We, How is it week you Cook? Just now The plan is you cook. It's Been cooking. He's watching he it's on Broil right now. Just to Crisp to the top. I gotta open this door. I can smell when you're gonna have to open the door too. And that don't lie. It smells good in here. You are gonna have to open that door is what I'm saying. Why? Because It is smokey up here. It Is not gonna be smokey. Yes It Is. We've cooked things here before. You cook before? Yeah before. Oh shit. In Be, I'll be, no I have not cooked in here. It's fine. We'll get to it. It's, It's done. Thank you. See these are all Kanye West. See how that shit looks. Kanye West taste it on there. Absolutely got a little piece so We can taste it on it. It let it, let it just sit for a second.


No we ain't gonna let it sit. Let it sit for A second. And it's hard as Shit. Are there any wild keno prepares Mel's mac and cheese for us to try on air. That's crazy. Mel. I ain't gonna hold you Yo. For the last hour. He was, I was Wondering what y'all Shit. He said The niggas giving streamer University What you were saying. Listen, I just, you put Out a little seasoning. I listen. I'm, wait, He seasoned it. I I saw him pulling something outta his spot. Lies In treachery will get you nowhere. I saw someone over there. Okay. No, she caught keno and asked him to come over here. No, I about to say, yeah, Keno. Let, let talk, let a woman talk. Keno has cooked in here before Kanye West all acknowledge that. No, Sure. He cooks. He he's cooked in here. Yeah. This is my first time using, you know that he does.


Ken, have you ever cooked in here? He says no. Never cooked in there. You and your girl Food Over already. There was and there was heating up and cooked. I, I've never used Joan's Dad is the only one that could pop. God, I have never used this oven before. Oh. So you need, I have used on The oven, oven, Oven. I have never used this oven. I would Get a chef To come in. We got it girl. Yeah. Thank You. How to turn the oven on? Let Chef to help You. Alright. But now another pee outta you. Do we taste this Fine? Y y'all wanted to Pause, pause For, Okay. Yeah, let's let's let's see what's going on first. All right, carry On. Y'all niggas get lit earlier. Y'all too M right. You right that niggas is lit. Y'all good?


I'm fine. Look, she's Be following the beat ass nigga. I'm just myself. Got away with it. I ain't gonna get myself a drink girl. I hope it be professional. I have a whole nickname up here devoted to that before he got here. Thank you very much. Say no more. All right. Is there anything else that needs our undivided attention? No. Abso, abso has put something out. It's more the battle. It's Dense. It's good, it's dense. I'm gonna listen to it, but I'm not rushing to the battle anymore. Do I have to like You need all your brain cells. Okay. Okay. That's what I'm saying. It, I mean it's a High compliment. I like Ab Soul, but some of his music, you have to really Love It. Complicated. Thoughtful. It is great. You just, you gotta sit with it. I'm just over the battle, at least on this level of attention.


Word. I'll catch up to it at some point If Abso responses like he did. I wanna hear it. So also also for the, oh go Ahead. Go ahead. Locks did one of the Red Bull things like how the shit started. Ooh. Okay. Curious to See that. Ooh, that's gonna be nice. Yeah. For the doc lovers out there. The Peewee Herman doc on Max is gray. Oh It is out. Yeah. Woo. It is great. Two parts, both pretty lengthy. Pause, but it's really, really, really good. And I'm learning a lot about people. Herman, I didn't know like Didn didn't know that that was an adult show. Yeah. Before it was a children show. I had no idea I was a kid. I thought you talking about where you got caught That didn't get to that part yet.


That was adult show I'm at where I'm at that no, it Was, it was. No he was, he was coming in a theater In an adult. An adult Theater. Yeah, an adult theater. I'm talking about his origin being ghost show. I know, that's what I mean. Yeah. But but that was funny. No, it wasn't even really trying to be funny. It's factual. 'cause a lot of people, I think we've even maybe made jokes up here that imply that he was nasty on some Child porn Shit. Child porn shit or something like that. And he was jerking off jerk off theater. Like That was so sad. And he was closeted I think like it was, It was, I know something wrong with me. I'd be on the Jerk Offer side. We're all on the jerk offer side Here. Yeah. With the peewee. Yeah. Like Louis CK What's homeboy?


The little, the little short comedian dude. Aziz I, sorry. Aziz. I think he was a, his story was kinda like the one we spoke about earlier actually. Okay. I don't think it was a jerk off. I think it was a no it blowjob story. It was a blow blowjob at the crib after date. Yeah. Got it. Got it. Your man, Jared Carmichael is back with a new special on HBO. Whoa. Which one? Not reality show. Special Stand up. Stand stand stand Up. Standup. Yeah. Good stand. The But I do miss when he wasn't gay Was too Much for me. I missed when he was in the closet. The show definitely was a lot of moments where it was too much. But there were some parts that were very Dope. And that's why I know when I watched that show I was like, I'm not as progressive as I think I am.


That was one of the moments where I was like, just the content didn't do it for me. Yeah. I Loved it. I didn't go back to it though. I Loved it. I'm good. I saw the, I saw the genius in it. I just, by like episode I made it to like three episodes and I was just like, this ain't for me. Mm. Yeah. But the standup I thought was amazing. I missed when he was in the closet. Like I said. That's so wild to see. Yo, y'all just let that nigga say that way, Man. They stepped over my punch just talking. It was funny. It was gibberish, but yeah. Yeah. He should, he should go back. Did You watch It? Is anybody should go back in the closet soon? Did you watch it lock the Door? No. Oh, okay. But when I went to watch the Peewee Herman shit, his trailer started. Oh, okay. Got it. And the trailer told, they showed The preview beforehand and I couldn't find a remote so I couldn't skip it fast enough.


But I'm saying that to say it seems like since he has come out, every single piece of content is about him coming out. I get it. And as somebody that didn't know that about him before, I just thought he did a masterful job of just, of being a comic, being a comedian. Yeah. Now every single thing is centered around I'm gay, my sexuality, this is when my dad found out I was gay. This is how It is to be gay and anti-gay and it's just too much gay since he's been gay. Maybe I I get what you saying It sounds fucked up. Saying, saying, saying what I'm saying. I What you Saying it could, it could be some intent to it. Like I'm, I'm playing to a certain market Maybe. I'm sure. I'm sure it's all intentional.


He ain't doing none of it by mistake. Right. It just How at, I'm just not rushing to, You know what I mean? I'm gonna check this new one because he's still, his, his standup specials have been been pretty good. Well, you a P Valley fan. I Am a p-value fan even though I'm done with that show too Though. And you make cereal, pour, pour the milk first. Wow. What, what You Pour the milk first, then the cereal After nigga you measure up cup perfectly Free. Stop him. I don't, I saw him do it. You just lie and just say saw you could do that. I didn't even know you could do Things. That's insulting. I guess you could bring the laundry out here. Oh yeah. Why Is it such a big insult? Did you pour your milk first when you make cereal?


Because That ain't how you make cereal. That's bump. But if You did that before, if nothing wrong with it, I ain't do that shit before. That's sick de shit. Feel what you talking about? We gonna put her on front street. We gonna put her right out. Shit. Yeah man. Let's go Cory. I mean I made it on, I prepared it on live. Fuck it. We're doing it. We're doing it. Cory's still doing it. Like he with his bunkie. Yeah. Jail shit. Tell this nigga ain't Look how rough he is with the joint. Look, he don't give a fuck. He has a bath mat. We're doing it. He have a bath putting the mac and cheese on the bath mat. Sicko. Now what the I don't look bad. I don it doesn't look bad. Look bad. I got a little crisps to it. I Got a little crisp because I did the bo My girl just text me. How was the Mac?


Lemme Get a little video to send to her. I Gotta say we finally, finally getting this mac and cheese after three years. We here. Okay, off a quick break. We all have now tried Mel's mac and cheese. Hey Mel, why were you try to coerce him when he kept saying no? Oh, I, I wasn't trying to exert control. I I just wanted to have a, you know, I just wanted to get a full panel of Gotcha. You know, I'm just playing Of opinion. Well, we all ate, so we go I, I I even tasted a small piece. 1, 2, 3, 4. Thank you. That Was a third time. You've eaten mac and cheese in your whole life. Yeah. I don't understand that you, I I just don't like mac and cheese. I appreciate that. And this didn't change my, I'll say this, this didn't convert me, but it didn't make me feel any worse.


I thought that it taste, it tasted, I could definitely taste the noodles. That's one. I protected the cheese. So it was, it was definitely mac and cheese. Thank you. I re and again, I haven't had a lot of mac and cheese. You needed to get like in there. I I I was up in there. Whoa. Whoa. Okay. I remember y'all grow up. No, no, I'm talking about mac and cheese and only mac and cheese. So that's a euphemism. Mean that's Oh, is that a Mac? Oh, you know what It is. I didn't even think about that. Yeah, well no, I, I tasted the, the dish and I, I, good. I expected again, my memory of mac and cheese might be off.


I just remembered it. Having more seasoning. Yes. More, what's the word? Flavor. So today is WP So today on a hot and bothered. I I do, Wait, let's just plug everything. Today I'm doing an, I'm doing an episode on men's heart health. Mm. So I intentionally let the cheese be the saltiness. I put salt in there and pepper and paprika and Yeah. But yeah, I thought it was pretty good. Thank you. It was pretty solid. It was good. I'm a mac and cheese person. I had low expectations going in. I Know you did. I Have. Did they meet them? I had, yeah. Exceeded them. They exceeded them. Did Sure I was ready to Kill. It exceeded my expectations. It did Hold you Mel. Thank you. I was ready to kill it. Big mouth. Thank you.


It was good. Thank you. Thank you guys. I'm winning today. Yeah, it wasn't bad. Thank you. And you know the last time I made mac and cheese 2016 Yesterday I, We saw It is on left. Yeah That was, that's the second time I made it life. No, not my life. No. The last time I made it was Thanksgiving 2016. More season. Next time you need a lot more cheese. Yes. Like a lot more. If you saw my life, I was like yeah. Practically dislocated My shoulder. Saw you alive. Don't step on me joking about your shoulder being broke. Sorry. Go. That's the joke I'm about to make. That's why you need a nigga to get that. That good graining going over there. Well Keto says that I need an electric one so you know I saw you just struggling with gring cheese next time a lot more cheese and some seasonings.


But overall you can see my expectations. Thank you. Shout to you Mine as well. Thank You. This tastes like winning the cousin on your, the other side of the family jail. Don't really fuck with die. And you gotta go to that funeral. Nah, no this, this, this feels like when like your niece or something shows up with a plate for the first time. Mm. She Helped conscious. Yeah she wanted. Oh shit. That was pretty good. Good. When you're vegan niece. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Vegan one. It not like the cousin that give you the speech before you eat it. Like listen y'all Okay, okay. I'm not Really good at this. I did not put a lot of salt in this because I want us all to be healthy but heart health. Yeah. But it was good. It was good. Thank you. It was like a Made this, you could tell they never worked at waffles.


You're absolutely right. I have never held a job at Waffle House. A cigarette in their mouth. Flipping pancakes back there With Three teeth. Yeah. Yeah. Fucker got 99 waffles cooking in a row. Nigga smoking Pan be halfway dirty. That cigarette ain't falling at all that dirt when that pan make it taste bad. For sure. Yeah. Whoever made this, this is like when you could tell that they fired the chef at Costco's. You done alright. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate you all for trying it. I appreciate, I appreciate You for bringing it. It was Good. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Was proud of you. Solid. I'll leave you alone. It was like an eight our cake money. Thank you. I appreciate that. Okay. Ate or what? Let's keep it sleepers. Yay. Sleeper shine. Woohoo.


Don't instigate. You Don't have to treat her. Like when she first got high curse, Don't instigate stop the hate campaign. You can Tell her the truth. It wasn't bad Eight though. Come On. He eight is A lot. Well he got the mother taste bud too. You had like, he probably tastes Flavors in that shit. I say the the flavor explosion. Wow. He tasted differently than we did. Boy, I love you sir. I tasted tip differently. I tasted so what is it? What is it? The purple chicken. You didn't even taste it? No, I'm talking about my man, how he thinks. Okay. How much butter did you use? A lot? I yeah, You saw it?


I Tasted, yeah It is butter. I was making, I made, it was Buttery room. It was a lot, lot of it was very buttery. No, it was about a lot. Just not as cheesy or, or or as seasony Salty. Nah, it was called mac and butter. You butter's like Cheese then you ate. They're similar. They're distant ate sour cream. They're all similar. They're all similar. Idiot And more sour cream next time or any binder. So who's up next is lamb chops, right? Isn't that, wasn't that the, the next bet Lamb chops? Yes. What happened? Yo, y'all seem, I just don't think it'll happen. Well we didn't think mac and cheese I made mac and cheese happen. Well Parks and keno have both been talking about the lamb chops.


They Keep, they word though Parks. You got it? He said he give 'em a grill. I just want a grill. That's all Parks has been saying. Done. Kanye West make a date for that. Let's Set a date Two weeks from now. Does that work? Sure. Two weeks from now. Done. Hold. We've done this nine, nine times. Dude, we got sleepers. I wanna do this for people that are eventually going to do it. Which I don't know that Parks will this way. But they both make a great lamb chop. I'm surprised that Mel did it but Well she said set it off. You don't iani. Gotta do that spaghetti off now that y'all been talking about. I'm down for that. Yeah, y'all been talking. Let's do that. I could eat that. That I'm definitely down for. You eat spaghetti. I do. Yeah, we go. That's it. All right. You right. You're skipping sleepers.


Yeah, I, I don't, I don't, I don't feel like I've earned a sleeper. Right. Today I'm here for moral support. Got it. Okay. Y'all go ahead and hold that In line out there. All I'm gonna play. Damn. She ain. Wait, what she say? No, I just moving right along. You heard you heard off camera. Nigga check me earlier. Don't let him, don't let him. He doing good. All right. Watch your fucking mouth. I'm not doing anything. I'm just, I'm moving the progression of the show. There we go. All right, We Good. Good job with the nasty cheek mac and cheese. Thank you. Said it. My mistake. This is, this is Snoop and Sexyy Red. Me and OG Snoop off of. Oh my god. He's never beaten the Fuck I don't care about them allegations. I like the song Allegations.


This shit ain't bad. You'll throw some money in this. You'll throw some money. It is just me and om. I'm a cri Down. Hit catch slipping sexy bread. Let's get bread. Come on girl it up. What's the word We did as Let know what you wanna do. Tied in with the streets of crib. Niggas call me Boo boo Boo bang, bang. Slow play AK all cash no talk Stick blast.


I don know what the fuck y bitch thought because I don't know how to fuck y bitch niggas talk. You fucked up up. I deep with my homeboys. It is. I be turning niggas on get these niggas wet when I take a picture of my baby niggas wanting to kick it with no motion. This ain't that. My name ring hella bells in the streets. I been dirty.


Bitches wanna fight me because they heard I don touch they neck. He know I'm but he can't alone gonna pull up with my driver. But I pulled up in, if the police get behind me, It is just me and O in. I Down hit up catch him slipping Sexyy Red, let's get his bread. Come on girl. Fuck it up. Shut out to the men. Boss Boss ladies, players club. Put the money, keep dropping and shit. Keep popping. That's right y'all. It is just me and o Snoop a cri Down.


Hit him up. Catch him slipping. We mug Sexyy Red, let's get this bread. Come on girl it up. And again that is me and og Snoop, Snoop Sexyy Red. I'm never beating the allegations nor am I trying to beat the allegation. Snoop's new album. Is that a crime in your phone and on DSPs right now? I kind of like that. I fair. I kind of like that came on couple that came on couple. Yeah. I'm playing new old music. It is some village Climax. You ain't gotta play horse yet.


I know you. I know you like the RC sex. I'm putting down my plan like an architect. It's for you. We can argue with I got a lot of nerve talking this to You. Right. I'm straight up how this should make sense to you girl. You ain't got a front. Don't be acting dumb. If you got the good then I want something I'm trying to get down. This ain't no lie but I ain't never fucked with a man squad. It's free like the stripes from the live like we at the mark bring live like we at the bring us the match number. I be serving that ass like See these things get so I'm caught up in your game.


I'm kind of saying go, maybe it's the way that you only down low saying things to me. The one three will only know. I want to tell you though that these things seem to mean situations get you from point A to B. I certainly put a cancel on that mistake. I got a mission of two girls on a high beach. Everything's reached. Ain't nobody stopping me. They just relax because they don't one got a plan for each. Oh yeah, they no one got a Plan for plan. Thought you knew was which one of you Queens coming to get with this already got one hole in my arm.


This but I need a couple to add to my list. Take A Position in my world of compassion satisfaction, ecstasy calling you calling me. I know you ain't sexual with longevity. My name is Tantra Master Sex two a three Ecstasy calling you calling me. I know your he ain't giving you no action. Well for one he's too damn masculine. He need to relax and take some lessons on giving you Climax As Slum Village Climax new old music.


I need a palate cleanse. What you got? I'm calling a young lady's name is PJ and the song is Day One Look Different but still change like a new house in the ghetto.


But you still ain't safe. But they still shot you but you killed in the face if you do it. So look you gotta do I know they before whenever I say if I Everchanging won't be money fan it's me. Just You don't.


That is PJ Day One. I think my man Nathan did that beat. That is dope. I like that record a lot. That was fire. That Was fire. Okay. Mine is called Bad Energy. It's by Eris Ford and Evan featuring V Rose ERIS. There we go. I got it.


I going through myself. I don because are you seeing things matter who you surround yourself with.


Okay. That's As Aris Ford and Evan and Eris featuring VROs Bad Energy.


That was dope too. Good shit. Mark, I see you on your backpack bag with me today too. Okay. Oh shit. And we're back. We've got sleepers on the sleepers again. Sleep. This is common. They Say So Go ahead, drink the mic into the mic. Pause. Whoop Y drop my water. Flagg Me. I hope you got all water. No water. It is still Flagg. It is the 20th anniversary of the Bee album. This It is. So I want to shout that out. It is, It is a classic album. It's a legend day album. I It is think it been 20 years. So I I put out, They Say a common feature in Kanye West.


They Say, They Say, They Say, They Say they, They Say mind scheme of things I never lost rhyme. The line between love and hatred. I'm the black pill and the matrix of saturated life. They Say life is what you make it. So I wait quick going to spaceship so I can take it. It's hot as the stakes get when paper get, I be telling Derek tell Keon show little crime I make righteous bitches get low.


The richest man ain't necessarily the nigga with dope. They Say you went wild. Yeah, that's what They Say. My niggas teller was me like Chaney and Ray in the day with focused crime bro and good wine. They Say dope is sour. So which homework? Their hood crimes. I stood my forever and day. So goodbye. They Say, They Say, They Say, They Say, They Say Sweet taste of victory.


Go ahead and breathe it in like in a histamine. I know they saying then your snap with this beat. Fuck you with respect. I've got a history we love now. Gotta beat them wheels. Hate back, gotta beat that still. I know they can't wait till you out deal DeAngelo ask them how feel my best friends worry about me because they know when you fame as and you have made cash, the media aims at us and you be up so high if you ever fall off if feel like a plane crash. But God don't ever gimme nothing I can't handle. So please don't ever gimme records. I can't sample so I can vacate where it ain't no channels but it's quite okay for it. Can't say the West sandals. They Say because of the fame stardom.


I'm somewhere in between the church and the Saint Asylum. I guess it's messing with my health then. And it's verse so crazy When I finish I'm just gonna check myself in Again. They Say, They Say, They Say dude think he righteous. I write just three mind some stoney amongst the lifeless in the world. Craziest. Mike is on my paper. Whether it's weed or isis, They Say life is a game. So I play hard.


Write it for my life 'cause I'm scared of a day job. They Say up the hood together. I tell the young, you can't play the hood forever. Play my card twice. They Say I went to left. They show me strange love. Like I was Mr. Athlete just in this game up Es now I claim King like Dawn of Frank White. They Say my life is comparable to Christ the way I suck Christ and resurrected twice They Say the crochet pants and the sweater was whack. Seen the corner. Now They Say that niggas back, They Say, They Say they dunno As common.


And Kanye, They Say they did put out 20th anniversary. I will say that they did not have to bastardize despite Kanye West Flaws. That album with those weird remixes and shit they put on there. Yeah. Some of the Remixes Didn didn't Love it was like, bro, I know Kanye's a Nazi now or whatever and I don't fuck with that, but leave his albums the way they were. Word. Good show y'all Good show Great Good vibes, good mac and cheese, good energy for sure. Come Back and cheese will help the congestion. For sure. Yeah. I'm about to go shit. That shit right out.


It It, It is gonna move quick. Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I I I was able to tell Come mac and cheese from all the butter Boy butter Shit ain't gonna stay long. It is here for a good time. Not a long time's. Why I ain't gonna get no more Was like Yeah. Yeah. You might wanna be careful. Yeah you gotta be careful with that. Talking about she's trying to look out for black men some heart conditions. What About their but conditions With the salt, with the butter. But just butter it up. Yeah, we know girl. We know girl. Oh man. What's popping this week? Anything interesting? See Beyonce tonight. That's about it. Hey, Should be a good time. Hopefully gonna go see, see Tank.


Tank. Yeah. Okay. Hell's Kitchen? His run ends June 1st so I wanna catch him. Oh Shit. Oh shit. You better. Yeah, you Better hit him. I gotta catch him too before June 1st for sure. Other than that, the shit Maye moving like, like she got somewhere to be Maye moving May is gone. Maye left already. Thank God you talking about shit packed. We on the U-Haul. Nah, may was whoop my ass. I need to get the fuck outta Maye got got the fuck outta here boy. Good. I can't believe that we, we in June, man. When you got two kids' birthdays and Mother's Day all in the same month, all within the same week and a half. You got it. Well and if you're gonna honor all of it then yeah. Yeah. I can imagine that hitting hard then listen man, keep us in your prayers.


Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do farewell. Adio, Riva, dci, OTA arvo. So long. Goodbye or simple head nod will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments fast. So let's make this one last as if it's all week half. And lastly I go, the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel in a closed minded women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol, you might need it. Y'all holding down this week. Hopefully everybody had a really good memorial day weekend.


We back to work, we back to the grind, we back on our grizzly Again. Shout all the kids prepping for prom out there. Shout all the parents out there. Hey, all the happy couples out there and the couples that hate each other. The miserable ones. We love each and every one of y'all, man. It's about that time. Yeah, sure enough, It is that time you'll start seeing it. Yeah, you'll see the signs. You'll see the signs around the house. Trust me, my boy. And that's it, man. Throws some prayer to everybody out there. Y'all hold it down. Shout out to the subgroups, the patrons out there. We'll be back this weekend. Same time, same place. Hey, wait a minute.


Anybody y'all wanna shout out? Come on Mel, get to Gracie's there in 95th. Millionth. Shout out that you negotiated for the side. It's part of the conversation. Part of the contract. It was, yes. Part of the contract. Part of the conversation. I know that's right. Again, shout to Kaisan with the whole streaming university thing. We love that. Love it. We absolutely love that. He killing and he kept it. I like that. He kept it. He Was trying. They tried my favorite part. Come on now.


JPJ Without the jbp. Who was that? Mark. S. S.