
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy. the show, Everything you Touch is a song. Start with a solo. I like that. You know what I mean?


And you touched My life one day. Hey. Oh, y'all ain't go to church? I forgot. Sorry. Talking to Heathens over here, bro. come on man. There ain't been in no church. There ain't no gospel song. This ain't no fucking, what was that gospel song changed, John Jojo? Never. Not that one. It was another one. What's up y'all? What's happening? What's up yo? Welcome back. Welcome back. How are you? Couldn't be better. Couldn't be better in an amazing mood. What you say up for? Happy to see everybody. Happy to be here. Look at E. Look at anybody. Man. Look cool man. Gangs all here Juan. I see you nigga. Some big mouth Red, red punk Flip. Looking good. The New Jays.


Those. The Kendrick Jays. Alright. Parks put the extra white boy Moose in his head. Yeah, man. We here today. What's up? What's happening? Man? He went to the barber too. I see him. Yeah. Nigga. Yeah. You niggas get one pod off and act bad. Why y'all been acting bad? What's up? How's everybody doing? We started Girl Enough. Oh, sorry. You little spiritual world blog. Not on It. Nah, Mel was on spiritual blog world, whatever the name is. Oh No, you were, you were all over the blogs. Really? Yes. What? Damn. On the Vacation? Yes. They swiped his shit from his story two seconds after he posted it.


Oh. Looking like he was having a good old time. Having A, having a good time. I did have a good time. I didn't really see too much of what the internet had to say about anything. Oh no. They were just, I, I posted and They were, they were compli. I Posted and Ghosted. Yeah, no, they were complimenting you and Sade that, you know. She, she looked incredible. Yeah, But it was my birthday trip. It's my time to Shine. Well, you know, I don't want hear none of that shit. Okay, well it's my time To shine. She was shining. Yeah, but everybody was like, happy birthday Joe. Joe keeps a bad one. Thanks for the recap. Yeah, the vlog recap. I, I like, I like males. I like Mel. Giving a little recap of some shit that, No, like that was the consistency.


Oh Shit. No, that was the consistency. No, there was so many guys who were like, yo, I gotta hand it to Joe. He keeps him a bad One second. A Wait second. Wait second are, because we took a pod off. So my pod senses ain't where they normally are. Is this sincere or are you shooting today? I'm not shooting. I am reporting at this moment. This is what the consensus was. Okay. Yes. Thank you. I gotta make sure don don't know. Compliments sound like shooting to a Virgo. don. Don't know. Don't compliment me or nothing. Good to see everybody. Hey, what's up? Welcome back man. Yeah, what's Up? Happy to see you. Gained some weight.


Yeah, yeah. Nah. Gain some weight. Yeah, we saw you. We saw you. Oh, I was eating no We know I was eating. We know I had a blast. You can tell a nigga have a blast when he put some stuff on camera like that nigga stomach hanging He ain. Care. He trying to show You can. He was just Dead. Turned well I lost, I lost the weight to gain weight. Nigga turned sideways to make sure you saw the stomach. Yeah, yeah. Nah. Fuck they talking about. Nigga look like an old Gucci man for a minute. Vac k bod. Did you have fun Vac K bod? I went out there and did everything I needed to do out there, man. Thank you. I did have a good time. Why do I feel like there's something about this trip that you, you know, you're not sharing with us. Something had, you know, there's always an adventure when it comes to your trips.


come on. Get get to it. What, what happened? How were the people there? Did you encounter anyone? Tell me something. you know I was watching your stories. I saw you had people line. I didn't like that. I screenshotted. I didn't like that you had people lined up. I didn't like, you know the love they gave you? I thought that was a bit much showing off I don. I don't know if that's the, the bag that the hotel or wherever you were staying at. Not a hotel. The Villa It is not a whatever they do. I don't know if that's they thing, but I didn't like that. Then I saw you got on the jet. I'll talk about that later. That jet? That jet. Oh. Oh. Don't, don't fix your face. I'm not dealing with faces today. The jet kind of surprised me because When, you invited us, us out there.


You didn't tell us we'd be riding on a jet. So, so that kind kind of like, oh damn. He did neglect to mention that part. Right. That would. Yeah. Would that have changed things? Of course. Yeah. Think So I fucking bird. Of course. Thats crazy. That is dead. Wild shit nigga. Private jet nigga. Yeah. Yes. I would've been there like this nigga. Me Linky. Yo. I don't give fuck What you gotta do nigga? We we on this jet and we out. Yes Nigga That is, You want niggas to fly on Frontier. What's the Mexican flight? Whatever Or some shit like that. Nah, Nigga It is crazy.


Y'all bullshit already. Okay. No. It looked like no, no I saw that. It looked like you had fun. Give me something. What? What? What was, You know Joe, what stood out? All Joe trips always got that story that you like. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Only Joe. Only him. Yep. From The bag. Shit from the other. It's always So. I don't wanna send it myself. So yeah, we can talk about my trip at some point later on. Okay. Alright. Later. I'll tell you guys all about it. I had a blast. Good. I had a blast. Good. Really happy to be back here. Really happy to be back here. That's what that PJ was all about. Like getting back to work on time, timely fashion. Set the example.


Nigga just found a way to shoot. Yeah. Word. I'm not shooting the bullets. Miss. I'm not shooting. I promise I'm not shooting. The bullets missed. That's not a shot. I'm not shooting. I promise y'all I'm not shooting. I think the same about each and every one of you. Don't try to, you know, don't try to include, don't shoot at me and try to include everybody in it. Like at morale, no nigga on top. Hell audience. I'm just letting y'all know. I we gotta feel each other out here. Everybody seemed like this seemed like high stakes poker. This seem like high stakes poker right now. We gonna get back in our bag. Amani in that Puerto Rican had shirt throwing me off over there. Same thing. He look like the nigga that extorted me. We gonna talk about We gonna talk about it.


He threw me off too. When I first you threw me off that shit. You do look like you got work. You do stand up. Lemme see Yeah you got him stand up in the middle. He look like nah, you look like you got him for the cheek. Yo. You look like When, I, When, I go to that shit cut off Midway. Either that or you in the begging bowling league. I. don know if it's a crock I, don know what the fuck That is. Huh? You say he in the Spanish? The Mexican bowling league. The captain too. Look at him. Look at him with his name. With his name. With his name on the shirt. Selling Marlboro. He Amani Dugg go over there and be E Emmanuel. Yeah. He'll change his whole shit. He don't know us. You speaking.


I want to know what lies y'all niggas be telling when y'all are like out in the world. Like Corey be saying he 41 like I wanna know what the rest of y'all's lies is. But he looks 41 so he can get away with that. Corey don't know this whole walk be a lie. I hate that nigga because he don't talk. He ain. He ain't gonna lie. But he is this Yeah he'll talk. He don't tell he Chuck his do up for real. That nigga don't. He going around This shit like this. You don't go to nobody. I realize. Oh wait, all talk to nobody. Ish okay. He be cool to. I ain't gonna lie. Ish outside the party smooth in a motherfucker boy. He be smooth. So I don't know if he put like some he mixed colognes. you know he smells different on each side.


Like wait you just Smell like G. Hold on. Oh Shit. He got some je hot shit going on. It Ill outside. So he just be happy to see it outside. That's true. Idiot people, he just star because he tried to downplay When I before and you know why he going it because I know that scent, like that scent that he wore that scent. Not at Deadass. you know When, you a grown nigga, you know the crisscross scent come on. No I know the one that I know. The one that you be spraying When, you step out the one that to get it done. That one the nice one. How you know that the 90% That is oil stay on 27 hours? Shit. Smell like cocoa puree nigga that shit Smell like the best shit on earth. Smell like icy nigga you Smell good So I.


I dab ho that nigga I was like oh you don't bullshit. Alright. I was an idiot after I hugged him I was like alright go ahead man. Go ahead. The question about it When you hug, you here send me your cologne fall on nigga, that nigga say you got the brown bottle one. That's what you're doing tonight. I'm like oh you talking about yo it's just so corn fucking idiot. It love when fucking shorty would get home and text him back in the day. Yo. You said It is still on me. I still Smell like you This shit be nigga shut. You ain't never that before. Yes I did. I did So, I did. But at least my shit had a Newport and drinks in it. My shit got a little bit of man, you know what I mean?


My shit got though he ain't showered in two days. This nigga mixed with the idiot. you know what I mean? Nigga your stench is still on this nigga Oh Shit niggas are full. Yeah, I got that one too. Damn. Even your natural body stench is just good. Yeah, yeah. come on. What's up? Yeah, what's up? What's up? You been here with me? You seen I ain't stepped foot in the bathroom. Yeah nigga and DI mean this bitch dang as hell and we fucking, we nasty. Disgusting. Yo. Y'all be washing up in between layup sex. What's layup sex? When. you laying up and having sex?


No. Oh no. No. Between the days like if it's a weekend, if It is like your weekend is days. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You Got it days. Yeah but if you just thinking I just laying around all day fucking then all day. Yeah. You getting these full court balls and you fuck. Fuck they talking about? Y'all mad please nigga. That's the best part about it weekend. Huh? The whole weekend no days. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I gotta you like candles and spray for breeze nigga? Hold on. 7:00 PM shower. Yeah it bugging. Eat spray for Breeze around the man.


Nasty son. Give a full course experience. Right. I know I'm nasty. Suck ass nigga. I'm disgusting. I know that's nasty. And don don't care. Who knows? Okay. That's the best part about being honest with your audience. So you know the crowd, you get back, you on bullshit. They on bullshit. If I was sitting up here trying to be pretentious, I wouldn't like the crowd that that brung back don. Don't think y'all wouldn't either. True. Yeah. I be looking at other people's audience. I yikes. I be shitting on. We be shitting on my but other niggas audience. This nasty bad time to have a nasty audience with this economy. Let me tell you something.


Woo woo. That's true. That is true. That is true. Hey you niggas out there blogging your answers off Oh Shit. You niggas Oh. Shit. I can't even have fun. Yeah, there's a flip. That nigga flip and took a rest. He ain't slapping the content creators is out there. Walk to it. They know something. They know something. Yes. There's a lot going on. Holy shit. The content world. Oh my God, I'm about to change prices of these kids too, nigga.


Hey, you gotta get it out here. The younger audience now is watching things longer. That's just a trick to it. You gotta be able to capture them. There's 90 to a hundred thousand people watching kind them for like three, four hours straight numbers does not dwindle. Same thing with speed. They're watching it for so, so much, so many hours at three or four, five years ago. The attention span was 30 seconds if you can't capture them in 30 seconds. So that's why they, the short form content came into play. But now I am not willing to do the things that some of y'all out there are doing. I respect the different ways everybody do it.


I watched speed climb on top of a loveseat that Josh Hart was seated in in Jacob Javits Center. Put his crotch in his face and attempt to do a back flip. Now Josh Hart was like, Hey dog, he don't know nigga. I'm an athlete. you know what you doing? Who is this nigga? They had, they had to tell him, yo nah you doing a trick, you doing like a spoof flicking control. Josh Hart said well do it to somebody. I'm getting the fuck outta this loveseat, but I'm watching This shit. Like wow, you just tried to do that. Holy shit ing all them fucking sex medieval times. And I did that. I know what it's like to have that camera on 24 7.


Listen buddy, y'all take take it and go and run. That shit's a lot. I want to be private now. I did that shit before you was able to monetize just for the love. No truth for the love. It is over. It is over. When. I go to Ben and I I want to be in bed. Makes sense. I done even made all the mistakes for you niggas. I done taped Brandon Jennings shitting on the team that drafted them. I fucking to tape the real time arguments where me or her said some shit we shouldn't have said before. The niggas that's 22 today was 22. Like they was nine. They was like, they was like six. Yeah. Yeah.


Them niggas were all God, if they was adults they would've had my ass. Yeah. I did all that shit. Y'all could have it. You should just produce today. Produce away. You niggas got money to produce. Yeah. Everything is a blessing. I'm just running my mouth now man. What's up? Why you ain't saying nothing? What's up? You got the red, the red pumps on. The red lipstick. What's up? Yeah. Head done. Nails done. Everything did face, everything's did Face B. What's up? I mean, listen, I'm just brows browning. Huh? Little contour. I'm just happy to be back. Got rid of the white girl nose a little bit. Oh, shut Up. I see what you did. Looking good. Looking good. Thank you. I appreciate that. Alright, Let's see what you got for us.


Let's see. Just to test myself, I like to make jokes about tragedies. The day that they happen, the day they happen. I don't believe in too soon. I'm on a tight schedule and I'm good at it. I'm good at it. Like the day of the day of the Aurora, Colorado Batman movie theater shooting. The day it happened, I went online. I went on Twitter and I tweeted. Other than that, I love him. How was the movie?


That's funny. That's funny. Yo, that's funny. I love that guy. Lemme tell you who That is. Anthony, Jesse. Nick does really dark humor. I played on, I played him here before. Just Mic Shack. 1, 2, 1 2. Mic shack. 1, 2, 1 2, 1 2. Shout to wherever you might be listening from.


Stop. Mel about to cry. Male. About to cry. Listen, it's all Look at my girl Mel And now Mike ch mic check. Since you gone. This is where I'm at with it today. That's Long. Yo, I just see what he Did. Can you drawing A connection? Mic check all the Burgos out there. Wherever you might be listening From London, Dubai, Germany, Australia up, You know, Whole New Jersey.


Of course We here for you. Mel. If you need to talk afterward, I'm good. I don. No, you, you dazing off into the sunset. I'm, I'm good. Alright. I'm better than good. I'm amazing. I'm, I'm making sure I, I need you to be good this far. I'm, I'm amazing because I'm right behind you Right now up out there.


Alright. You had a good time, bro. With your girl. Listen to this about I'm dedicated a set to you. Stop nigga. Damn. Mm. You don't like this. I'm just getting in the, just right now. I'm not even trying to be romantic. come on. I got other hidden messages in these central songs. Awesome.


Yeah. 30 and up out there. 40 and up out there. come on now. come on now. Like a family. You Right.


Alright man. Oh man. Oh man. You gotta do shit like that every now and again because what other podcast is gonna do it? No man Need to just start with some good old black classics every now and again. That's the problem. These niggas all get on here just giving fucking opinions. No cultural equity. Don't know shit about shit. Ain't heard no Anita. Big album. No shot a album. Niggas don't know who Regina Bell is.


It's fucking disgusting out here. Just heard reasonable doubt for the first time. The Black Album Niggas was Thoughts and they dads balls when Ready to Die came out. They never cut school for Woo Forever. The double disc. It was a big deal. Double. It was a big deal back then. We were waiting. We were waiting. Had little on a little slip game. CD shit. Yeah. come on man. These niggas didn't even like girls when Silk went on their run. Fuck is wrong with you niggas. You niggas was fucking puberty somewhere. Pre puberty. 12 year olds. Alright. Not even happy to be here. Really happy to be here.


What episode is this? Seven 60.


Welcome to episode seven 60 of the Joe Button Podcast. Brought to you by Fueled By Powered by PrizePicks.


I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, very happy to be here. Host Joe Button here with a really, really, really amazing cast. To my right. The beautiful, the intelligent, the punctual Melyssa Ford is in the building. Who, who? Who? Who? Motherfuckers. Big queens. Flip it. Oh my God. That was cringeworthy. That motherfuckers big flip. Its in the building. Queens get the money. What's pop? What's pops popping. Good. What's up? What's up? Yeah, I'm here. I'm here. Ready is here. Huh? Ice is here. Parks is here. Here. Amani is here. PO's here. Corey's here. Jayan is here. Ericsson is back there. And I think that's everybody out to the people out there.


Remote. Vo tanner. Gang, gang, gang. And most importantly, each and every one of you guys are here. How's everybody doing? What's popping? What's popping? Feeling great. Feeling good. Happy to be back. Same, same. Same. Same. Z. Aw, same Z Missed you guys. Did everybody enjoy their their part off? Yeah. Yeah. Do a lot of chilling. Yes. We can talk. We can talk about us later. We can update each other on Yeah. On everybody's lives. Mm Sure We can get right into the news cycle. It Is been active. Go ahead girl. Take it away. Mel, right? Mel. Get em. What happens happened. Mel get em man. What? What happened? Yeah. Hello?


Yep. Yep. Yeah. That's why. What? What the fuck you doing? Why does Joe always feel like he wants to have a woman around? Yeah. This why, right? For today? Yeah, for today. Well The Emmy awards happened. That's not what we were talking about. Oh, I know. Did You see them? Did You see them? I did see them. I was Watching football from visit. No. Okay. Yeah. Who cleaned up The bear again? Showga. Shogun did really, really well. But the bear swept again and that's what makes award shows really boring. When year after year. The same show fucking sweeps. So, but Baby Reindeer won a couple of awards. Best actor, best supporting actress. That's sort Of thing. I'm actually gonna try to finish it.


It was rough. It was, it's it's rough. Is this okay? Is this the white side of y'all? Okay. Is this the white side of y'all? Like we don't give a fuck about, we don't give a fuck about this. Was this the white side? Just now get locked up nigga. Yo baby Reindeer. Listen, listen. This is, we're trying to build anticipation. Not with the S nigga. Alright? we know they're there already. They're there by the speaker, by the phone. This shit. Got a tv. come on. Listen. That is an early midnight drop. They there.


They've been hitting you all week. He's right. Listen, they've been dragging my name through the mud. They've been kicking my fucking back in. They have. They said that I got wind of this and took a vacation. I'm telling you what they said. Even though we've been potting about your vacation for a month and a half. It is nuts. They say I could have gotten wind of it maybe a month and a half ago and plant this. Oh, around. They really think you like Illuminati. They do. Yes they do. They think I'm Kaiser. So Jose, I the tiger, they do think, they think I'm Kaiser. So, and sometimes I'll take the credit for some shit if they think of something that's fly that I didn't think of.


But Kaiser, Jose, it's two 50. Like they give me a little too much credit. The vacay, I would have to agree was just a vacay number one. Number two, I had no idea. I can't believe I have to say this stuff, but I promise y'all I'm tossing it. The mail in three seconds after these quick little points. Two, I would have no idea that this was happening. I don't have, my Intel is not, That is not that great. I'm not that high up in the food chain you guys. I'm not, I wouldn't know three don don't know if I'd have ran to Mexico on the, on the day of that Looks the way and four for the last time.


Can y'all take me off the list of names? Did y'all think is on these tapes? Why do, why are y'all so hell bent on putting niggas on these tapes because you got money? No, no that's not exactly it because you went to the party. Well I play, I play well I did the little jokes that I Yes, yes. May I ran it long. Yes I ran the jokes long. But I thought the joke was a joke because of who I be. Clearly it's a new crop of people out there that don't know who I be. So they like oh he might be that. I ain't no more jokes. Even though I was a force in that world for three weeks.


Parks. You think it was a little longer than that? They was, they was ready to trick. They was offering, they was offering ques and Fifth Avenue shopping sprees without even an inch of flirting. I know how to bitch would feel. Trust me. There you go. Y'all want the bitches to stop doing that. What is wrong with men? Yo. Dead ass. Y'all want the girls to not do that. I know. It's ridiculous. I fucking shout Fucking jokes anyway. Where, where was I? Yo, I'm not only safes man. I'm not there. There's nothing there. My dad called me.


He said yeah because my pop, you know pop just learning the internet for real. He's not seeing shit. My mom get anything that's said on the internet, she get it and has for the last 15 years. She like me, she do the debrief. My dad just learned how to work that iPhone. So all the shit where you had to explain it to your mom maybe 20, 15, 20 years ago. He that today, he just tried to do a smooth on some dad shit. 'cause he's too cool. Yeah man. I seen what they saying out there. Say they got a, got a video. They said you planned the trip around. It's crazy. Right? It's crazy. Right.


Oh my God. Yo, you. It's crazy. Right? Clear it Up. Exactly that up pop. I'm not under any tapes buddy. Yeah, It is okay. I'm not nowhere on the vicinity. When tapes, when they get the cam court, listen, I question every one of you niggas. 'cause everybody now got the camcorder dude. That's right behind em. Everybody got that. Y'all see how I act when they coming here? Who are you with? is going and cut that shit off. Yes. And that's with clothes on. Do you know how I would be in the nude? I'm a fucking prude. You think I'm just going to say nigga Prude? Yes.


You can't just record my body dog. And on your premises. I don't even go to, oh okay. Fair enough. I don't even go girls' Houses. Okay, fair enough. don don't even go to your house. Okay. And that way prude fine. Okay. Why would I go? You're not even gonna get me on the ring camera getting my McDonald's out the passenger side on the humbug. Hell no, I'm not nowhere. No, no, no. Okay. And baby oil and not the gel. That Was, that was wild. That was wild. Talk about a beginner, Right? Agreed. That was wild Oil. We had bottles of the baby oil gel on some. Not the baby Oil. The baby oil is you taking me back to my skin.


Max days. You're taking me back to When. I was rummaging through pop side chicks, medicine captaining while they was sleep. Just looking for something to rub one out on the carpet maybe. Yo The fuck I'm talking about skin max days. I'm talking about When. you didn't know none of this stuff. That was maybe that, let me try this. You learned that was like putting the raise action on your dick. You tried that one. Burnt the shit. don. Don't use that no more. Take your skittle. Yeah, baby oil is crazy. But anyway, yeah, so I'm now on no tapes. That's that's that's all I got for y'all. That's Good. We're happy for you. We happy you cleared it up. I'm yeah. Got it. Got it buddy.


Yeah. Me. You on no fucking tape. I was Worried. I was worried. Shout up. Saw you dancing. Come on. I'm gonna lean into it. I'm gonna lean into it. No, I saw you dancing. I don want you lean into this one. Nah, I didn't lean into it. I saw you dancing wherever y'all was dancing at nigga. I'm like, oh well they look a little happy. Had I said I zoomed in, I saw a band playing in the background. I said well this is kind of the setting. I wonder what happened after this. Then it cuts off A party. I'm sure right. There Was a whole party that was on stream. If I was into some of that freaky wild boy shit, we would have to scissors paper rock to see who gets the dominant of this, of this exchange. You can't say that idiot, because I top bottom yo yo I, I'm too com I'm too competitive to let that just be a thing of chemistry.


See where it goes? Yeah, no, no, no, no, no. See Nate takes us. Hey, come on. We playing Skellys nigga. Throw the corner. Throw the corner against the wall. Alright. No, I'm on bullshit. I'm on bullshit. I'm totally on bullshit. Toss in the mail and I agree. Go. Okay, I Right. Okay, so Monday, as we're all aware, Diddy was arrested by federal agents. He was indicted under charges of sex trafficking. Yeah. I looked at Devon and said, what a time to be on vacation. No, you did. We all did. The second that shit happened, I said, no, my god don't play.


My God don't play. What a time to not say shit. Nah, those niggas yo. Emergency pod. Yeah, right, right. Wait right there for it. Yeah, it's coming. It's coming. Got coming. Buck. Alright, go ahead Mel. Okay, so he was indicted on charges of sex trafficking, racketeering and, and basically just, you know, travel, transportation. Transportation for the purpose of engaging in prostitution, he has had to relinquish his passport. His mother has had to relinquish his pa her passport. All his children have relinquished their passports. He what? There was supposed to be like a $50 million bond that got denied. So he is chilling in a Brooklyn jail as we speak.


lbc. Yeah. And Bail package. The bail package. I think that, you know, there's a lot of talk about whether or not he was, he came to New York with the understanding that the grand jury had been assembled and that that more likely than not, he was going to be indicted. So he needed to be here in order to prepare for that with the understanding that more likely than not, he was going to be granted bail. It was gonna be very, very high bail. But he has the physical assets and he has the liquid cash. He has enough to Be able Yeah, he would've paid off the house so that he'd be able to put it up for Collateral. Exactly. So he would've been able to put it up for collateral. There's a lot of speculation as to why the baille didn't happen. Public opinion.


A lot of people are like, Nikki, you were doing too much. You were dancing around, you were shaking hands, kissing babies, you were on video, you were just doing the most. But the authorities have basically, the judge have basically said that the reason why he was denied bail is because he has a history of intimidating witnesses and they wanna keep him under lock and key and that he is a threat to, he's a threat to others. So The the being seen publicly thing, while I agree with that, it could be viewed as someone who's trying to show that they're not a flight risk. That's, that was what he was trying to say is that he's not a flight risk and I'll do anything to get outta here. But the judge was like, it was a hard pass hard line. But They're saying that, that the flight risk thing wasn't the reason that they denied him the bail.


Yeah. It's Once you give over your passports, any one of the most popular people in the world, they're saying that the reason that they denied the bail was because they thought that he was gonna start intimidating the witnesses that were gonna be called. And they, they, they mentioned about he called some girl 50, 54 times. Yeah. The other lady from the other 30 money. Yeah. Called to 50 some odd times. So yeah, It could be, it could be. But his side is saying that that person's not a witness. And supposedly shorty came out in support of him. So So I should be able, not me, but someone should be able to make a hundred phone calls about whatever you want. If that person is not a witness and you're not doing witness intimidation. Tampering. Yeah. Witness tampering.


I mean, The other side of that could be because it was the other person in the group who filed a suit against him. And yo, I speculation could be calling you to try to talk to her. I could let me reach somebody that may be next to you. Yo, talk to your girl. Get, get on track. Listen, I know that they anticipate us discussing this for me. It is pretty cut and dry. You didn't get a bail because you are going to jail. Yeah. And the fact that this is a federal indictment and it's the southern district of New York that was, that's who went after Trump. That's the one who indicted Trump. That's the one who took him to trial. And that's the one that got the 34 Condi convictions. They are not playing with Diddy right now.


Like in the federal indictment. I'm gonna read this from New York magazine, which was unsealed on Tuesday. The prosecution argues that that combs abused, threatened and coerced women and others around him to fulfill his sexual desires, protect his reputation, and conceal his conduct. According to the indictment, Combs created a criminal enterprise, the members of which engaged in or attempted to engage in sex trafficking, forced labor kidnapping, arson, bribery and obstruction of justice. That's a lot. Is do you think that the arson is related to Kit Codi? Shit. Ki Cudi, yeah. Okay. Okay. That's a, that's a lot. There's been a lot of speculation as to whether or not there was minors involved. So everybody kind of says that all the women that were involved were above age, but prostitution is still illegal.


you know, so if you're engaging in prostitution and you're kind of, you know, taking the fucking show on the road that constitutes as trafficking. So The, Any thoughts? No, the nasty nigga. They, they got him. What, what supposed to say I don feel like we saw a ton of new information since we talked about this however many months ago? There's not, I don't think there's anything to unpack here. Like I know everybody's looking for us to give this deep dive, but we kind of said this when the shit first, when, when the first suit was filed, when Cassie filed her suit. Like yeah, they got 'em. Now I do have to say that I am kind of living for the fact that the whitest of white people keep referring to these scenarios as freak offs.


It's really weird. Like it's it's so weird. Like they're orgies. Yeah, You can call them, you know, sometimes You can You, can You can call them that. Well He called them freak off. I know he called them freak. They the term from them. I know, but it's just, it's just funny. So, so p Diddy, he was just arrested today on an indictment of Yeah, he fucked up the free calls and I came in here on Participating in Freak off on the other pods and, and maybe implied differently. He fucked the freak off up. He fucked it up. It's over though. Yeah, it's over. Yeah. I don't know what he was doing at his Too Much. It's supposed to be a vibe too much. Like that's it. He was Doing too much. It was a vibe. He waited. don don't know what he was doing, but it's over. It's over.


It is over. That was a lot of baby oil Shit. Ton of baby oil. That was a lot of baby oil. Johnson and Johnson started trending as a result. Oh Shit. What's old? Do you have anything to say? Not a thing. Why not you? You're just, Everybody said it. My my Cat stuff is business man. Yeah, my cats did a great job and describing what took place. Yeah. You know, the audience really, really likes to hear your opinion on things. That's True. It is an important part of the show. Yeah, It's significant. I'm gonna remind you of that. I'm gonna remind you of that. Okay. But she is, the audience does love, you Know? Yeah. Thank you. Audience. Okay. And all right. Okay, fine Y'all, so We not, we not allowed to fly prostitutes outside out no more.


Is that what you've been engaging in? We, we, we not, we not, we not allowed to fly holes outside anymore. Like we not allowed to fly escorts to us from Miami to New York or from New York to London or we not allowed to do that. And on top of that, if they, you know, I guess prostitution is illegal, but we are not allowed to fly out a lady of the night anymore. Do we have to find the lady of the knight in the current city that we reside in? And I just need to understand for real, because you know, first of all, I do think that It happened. They got him. What I do think is unfair is that he's not granted bail. A lot of y'all are speculating why? But I think that he deserves bail. Weinstein got bail.


Gotti when he was going against the feds, he got bail. And maybe it's not as egregious as this, but I mean, It is just, I do think he deserves bail. And also I'm just worried about, you know, him being the MDC MDC, you know, I don't want nothing to happen to him. don don't you know the pressure of that, you know, waking up six in the morning to mop your cell, being there 23 hour lockdown a hour, you know, only bathing three times a week. Cool. I get it. You have to go through that. You did the crime, you do the time. At the same time. I don't want nobody to, Everybody keeps talking about MDC, like it's the worst jail in the world. MDC is crazy. don don't know anything about it though. Yes, It is stop it a lot. A lot of, a lot of, a lot of people that I know that.


But to MDC say Mad MDC get mad. High profile people go to MDC. Yeah. You gonna be on your own floor. Chop. You gonna be, yeah. You gonna be away from all of it. Like, I Mean what about the niggas? That's not Oh, chop type niggas. Diddy. But that's, that's what I Saying. That's what I'm Referring to. I'm speaking about this specific case where they're talking about on the news. I've seen it. It is all one of the worst jails in America. No it's not. No it's not. No, I don't. It's the worst jail in America. But at the same time, Actually it's probably, nah, lemme not go too far. You might wanna pick that one. No, if you don't You. if you don't get a Fort Dix or like one of them, if you have to go to one of these, well, m DC ain't the worst in Brooklyn.


His lawyers Trying to, was trying to get him sent to Essex County in Jersey, which is the, the, the federal holding. It's a federal hold sell too. And they were trying to get 'em sent there and they denied it. don don't know why They're keeping them and bad time to say that. 'cause niggas have been dying in MDC. Yeah. And also like, you know, just worried about self-inflicting wounds. you know what I mean? They put him On suicide watch Actually. They did. Yeah. Or, or having somebody set It is just, it's nasty. It's nasty. But I think that too is protocol. Mm. What the Suicide watch For what for somebody of his stature. Yeah. And for what you're charged with and Yeah. But last time we heard what happened when they put somebody in a suicide watch, they ended up dead.


You talking about Epstein? Yes. He ended up going like the next day. So who knows what's going on. you know, who knows of why he wanted to deal. Oh, you speaking to the dark, the dark Party. I'm just saying he put a bail package together. I'm pretty sure that he was aware that what was going on, they put it together $50 million. They put his whole package, they surrendered passports and everything that he did. And for some reason they said no. Now of course we gonna speculate and say why they said no, It is just, it's just get a little dark for me. If, if I start to go down that rabbit hole, So, I just, I, I hope hopefully that, you know, he goes to trial and SCA and, and we see the outcome of the situation. Nah, he Tell me it's, It's a touchy subject.


Like I think that, I think he a piece of shit for the stuff that he's done and we've seen him do. Like now the speculation is over. Of course we've seen him throw this 90 pound girl around trash. We've seen him kick her when she was on the ground, which basically just gives way more credence to everything that she's been saying over the years. Right. And that A lot of people have been saying Honestly Yeah, a lot of people. But once you see it physically, it's no more plausible deniability for sure. Right. She talked about how he pulled her hair out and when he pulled her hair out, she then turned it into a style and shaved the side of her head. All of those things being true Flip's point still stands like, yo, he should have been granted a bell because people that have done done much worse shit got bails.


It's people that were killers, like documented killers that got bailed. Some of the mafia niggas get bail, some of these other people get bail, the lube, all of that shit. I just think they, they, they trying to try him in a court of public opinion prior to, to put the pressure on him. I think they want him to a cop out, But there's no, there's no difference between what we're seeing with him and the Menendez trial going so far back is like 1994 or oj. Like that's just the world that we live in. We are, so we're as a society, we're so blood thirsty that we want to see all of the gory details about, you know, upcoming trials and that sort of thing.


And so it's going to play out in the court of public opinion. It just, it's just going to, you know, when The oj when the OJ Simpson trial was going on, they didn't release all that shit prior to the trial. They were started releasing the stuff as the trial was going on and they didn't, they didn't, before he got indicted, before he went on trial, start throwing all This shit in our faces. Right. Right. So that's a totally different thing. But we're also talking about 30 years ago. That's true. Since, since then. And, and it wasn't any, the internet and Stuff and ojs shit when they interrupted the, the finals, OJ got a chance to lean on a little bit of privilege that he had. I don't see that option for Paul And, and think about this, they charge him with racketeering. Right. Like they giving him a Rico, you ever seen anybody get a Rico charge and they only got locked up when the Rico niggas come, it be organized crime.


They go get 77 niggas over here. They go 15 niggas over here. They go 13 niggas over here. They locked up Puff. So where's there can be More, there can be more coming Though. Yeah. Yeah. Could be. They said that People that help clean the hotels, the people that help, They could be Including a lot of people Or they could have got other People that we don't know and they flipped. Yeah. People That help facilitate, they I think that the government at some point does need to do a better job in differentiating between the businesses of said men and the crimes of sed men. What You mean? Like the same thing with Young Thug? Like They trying to say he is whatever he is. Cool. None of my business, it's still separate from whatever actual legit legitimized businesses he was running.


And they always blur the two like When I read the complaint on Puff. They got into I That bad boy Entertainment, co cologne, fashion media, yada yada yada y and The Racketeering, then the traffic. But I, I disagree with Jeff with that because it depends what you said about thug because, and again, it's all speculation. But if what they were saying he was, if you're using, if you're using the proceeds for mis for your legitimate businesses, you blurred it too. Yes. Yes, that's true. I Agree with that. So now It is, it's the same thing. Yeah, it's co-mingling, but but in the, in the instance of Puff, I don't know Puff's dealings but can you say that I give Oh go ahead.


Lemme give you an example of why you thinking real quick. If he booked something under a business name that some of this occurred at that and you use, you use the company card, you could use court credit card there. It is you right. That's true. You're right. That is true. Thousand percent You right. And that's why they're describing it as a criminal enterprise. That shit reads nasty. I don't know if y'all got a chance to read it. Answer what? And another point that y'all was saying yo people not getting bail and stuff like, you know the sex trafficking thing 'cause Epstein didn't get a bell for whatever reason he didn't When you are, I think they, they don't give you the bell to try to isolate you from reaching out to talking to people.


Coercion, It is not just necessarily talking to people but your power. I said talking to Oh yeah, yeah. Talking to people. It is, It is part of that. It is Coercion, but You can still have somebody talk to Somebody. Your lawyers can coerce somebody if to make it a a little bit more difficult. Oh, he's definitely gonna jail. Puff's gonna jail. I, I agree. Like I agree. He's He's gonna jail. I agree. No question. Yeah. And from the things that are alleged should, should, Like they denied Jeff $50 million bail package. They already got everybody's passport. Then you doubled back the next day. 'cause that was a different magistrate and the next day was gonna be the judge That is on the case. And that judge was like, yeah 'cause and that judge was like no. He was like, all right, I'll put a the monitor on.


I'll give you my visitor call Log, I'm visitor log. So you see who's in and out. I won't have women come over here. Like they was trying to do everything in the world to get that deal. So supposedly he was supposed to turn himself in on Tuesday. Yeah. And they moved the day down. He Was volunt voluntarily going to turn himself in. Dave raided the shit on Monday to lock him up. What, what do you think it was that happened that made him I don know move the day earlier? I have no idea. I have no idea. And I think don don't know. Even, even with that being said, It is a possibility that they had already worked out all of the terms for him to get a bail on Tuesday. I'm gonna turn myself in here, go all the assets, boom, boom. I think they worked that shit out behind the scenes. Puff, he's too high profile for the, and with the best lawyers in the world for 'em not to have done that.


And you're asking about what could have happened to make them go get 'em a day early. They might have got some intel or some idea that he was gonna make a move And make and flee. Whether it be flee, whether it be just something like, alright, we need to move now because if we don't, we won't. He he's outta here. So When it came to the raid, am I, am I wrong in saying that they found guns as well? They did. They Did. That was supported. Yeah. Ar fifteens was serial Scratched off. I When And this was on the original raid? This was the original raid. Yeah, that was Okay. I was wondering if that could possibly be the reason that they moved things up. No. On him. No. 'cause they had that was back in what March? Yeah. Okay.


I wanna see who else is named in the Rico. I wanna see who else they get. I do because I agree with you more. More is to come, I wanna see him have to fight the charges against him publicly. So we finally have some details to all of This shit that's been just floating around. D Defend it. Hey, this is what we think you did. You defend it. Let's hear it now. That's what I, they already said I'm mad, I'm mad about the baby oil that they've released that I don't give a fuck about baby oil man. And I'm, but that's how you paint a picture. I'm as a distraction. I'm mad that we that easily distracted. Yep. And it's funny. I know I'm with, I'm with all the jokes. I get it, it take a long time to get rid of one bottle.


Baby Oil, So, I get why It is funny and I'm down to get to the jokes, but we gotta be able to multitask. We gotta be able to do some shit simultaneously. Like, well they've already started the D Defend. They, they, they went to defend the Cassie video. The lawyer said, yo, she went through his phone. I don't give a fuck. I I know, but I'm just saying they've already started to paint it like she was the aggressor. No, we saw the tape. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like your lawyer's doing his job. Whatever the case may be, that's a bad job. It's, it's really bad. You gotta Shut up on that one. Yeah, listen, that's what you shut up on my humble opinion. I, the lawyer that I keep seeing run's mouth for Puff. I get the vibe from him that I get from the lawyers that damn I don't wanna blow nobody up.


Damn. I just watched the doc where you could tell the lawyer just took the money, knew he was going to jail. I want Some Robert Durst. Yes, yes. Robert Durst. Dick Garrin Did, That is the vibe that I get from the Puff lawyer that they keep putting the mic in front of Because he cleared him on the first, you know, the charges in Houston where he was accused of like, you know, dismembering, you know, whoever. But then when it came to the next trial for killing his best friend Susan Berman, he completely fucked that trial up. So I agree with you on that. That lawyer is Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He don't gimme good vibes. He's a mouthpiece. Everything about this from, from the, from the rumors to the lawyer to the charges to the bail, to how to handling him to the raids.


Everything about this just tells me my unexpert ass, you fertilizer, you gonna jail. Yeah. Right. So now the lawyer, you gonna jail. So now the lawyer job is just to get you the best they different reasons whether you was buying NBC, whether you did a third of This shit that they say is on there. Which is my main point. 'cause I don't even really wanna talk about all this. How could somebody be that irresponsible? Arrogance. Arrogance. Definitely I Cannot Arrogance and ego. It's rich man syndrome. I cannot believe this. It's arrogance. Like I know that. I know. But there is a part of me that, like I was watching the Aaron Hernandez shit and it dawned on me that we lived through that. I forgot that we saw a tight end from the Patriots running around shooing niggas and they face And turn basically turned into a serial Killer.


That was a real thing. This is a, it's unbelievable real thing. See that's my other thing where people saying, oh, they only doing this to him because of Diageo or they doing this to him because he was doing this. You gave it to him. You still got the dirt there. You still did This shit. You still This shit. You did the dirt, you Got it And the long history of It. Like, I don't care. The reason why they doing it, you still, if like, oh yo, you ever had like your girl go through your phone? If ain't nothing there, she don't have, there's nothing there. True. If there's something there, then it's not like if There's nothing there are you straight? No. But you get what? You Get what I'm Saying though, when It is nothing, well honestly, I'm asking you When, you ever had a time in your life?


We nothing that your girl, we mad. I forget that. I've never been that clean, but No, but you get what I'm saying though. Like, you, you, you can't Get hung up on the why you do it. Look at Ish. He's such a piece of shit. Me. This nigga said, are you straight? What the fuck you talking about? I'm the pizza shit. Somebody came up with that. It wasn't us. Yo, there's nothing there. There's nothing. Nigga It is something every day oj OJ came up with that bullshit. Cochrane, the glove don't fit. I'm joking, I'm joking, I'm joking. Psych no, I, I agree. But. yeah, that's no, you're right. Saying I agree. All that other Shit don't really matter to me. I don't want, I get tired. I'm tired of seeing people saying, oh, because he's doing this or because he took this people to court.


Dog. One thing has nothing to do. The other It is still there, bro. Yeah, True. Yo, it don't erase that. And both Things can be true at the same time. They Could both be true. Like, my thing is this though, let's just say they found, they said they got terabytes. Yeah. Of footage. You gotta be a different type of nigga to do all that shit and record Key boys keep look That's accessible. Even if you kept it, my nigga, that shit would be in Fort Knox Vault under underground. This nigga kept it Oh Shit where it was accessible. That's some weird old shit, my nigga. Well that assumes that they got all of it. True. True. That's true man. Listen to this, that Cassie tape came from somewhere.


The hotel. The Hotel gave it. He it, yeah, but That is a question. Okay. The hotel gave it, but the hotel had It for nine years. No. I think that he may have bought it and kept it. Yes. They they they paid 50 grand for it. He Paid 50 grand supposedly For it. But apparently she also got a copy. This is my Thing. Somebody had that footage since it was recorded. True. And it did not come out. Exactly. I'm not arguing for this side because No, true, true, true. Because Who Cares. It is what It is. There's there's an author, excuse me, I want Kim pulled A book. Yeah, I read that too. I Read that as well. Yeah. The the guy who said yo one of Kim's friends gave him, she, she gave allegedly gave Flash drives to her close friends with her memoirs on it.


And he was like, he put it, he got the book for sale on Amazon right now. He was like, I wasn't gonna put my name on it because in fear of what could happen, but now that Puff's been arrested. Cool. Is this a real thing? Yes, It is a real thing. Yes. Came out like the other day. Yeah, it came out the other day and it, It is, it's basic. I saw it floating. I'm just skeptical of I'm I'm s of it too. But it's been reported by somewhat viable outlets. Well listen, my thing is you gotta assume that it's all true now at this point. Once you see the video, everything is true. We could be like, yo, that nigga had me. But I'm talking about from butt Naked with a zebra. Nigga's gonna be like word like, yo, it's gonna be true now that No, I'm talking about from like 91. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Fa even Sean came forward.


Yeah he did. I was Sean. Yeah, I got mixed feelings about that. But Sean came forward the other day. Why? I have mixed feelings that now that he's been arrested, now that y'all feel like Safe, safe to actually say things. Yeah. Yes. Right. I think that if somebody did something to me that was heinous and I can only speak for me and how I would respond, y'all know I'll hold the grudge. If somebody did something to me that was heinous, I'm not kiking with you, I'm not partying with you, I'm not doing nothing with you. Get the fuck away from me. Okay, can I, right. So now that the nigga gets locked up, now you come forward and say, yo, he destroyed my life.


And Hold on Ish, we've been heard the stories pertaining to Sean in a puffy Situation. From Sean. Yeah. Sean was just a nigga that was holding it down from Sean. He was a nigga that was holding it down. And then when they questioned him, he said, of course I'm gonna sit with him. If It is, if it's for the betterment of my country, for Belize, I'm gonna sit with him. If this man is willing to donate from to my country to help the education of the kids in my country, So, I understand that sometimes, you know, you have to bite the bullet. Sean just held it down. He took the charge and it did destroy his life. Now we been heard the stories since JLo and them. We, we heard the stories. Now when the people in this country is asking him, well, you sat down with him. His excuse Is Yeah, they, they want, they want An explanation. Yeah. His excuse is, I, I'm going to sit down with anyone if it's gonna help Belize.


Here's the thing. Here's the thing is this, Andy cut me off and I wasn't even finished. Again, my point is this. If that's your stance, cool. Shut the fuck up now too. You can't. Yes, You can. Lemme tell you why. Yes. You can, lemme respond to you. Yes, You can right now. They calling anybody to the carpet that got a picture with Puff. So, so, so a person like Sean that has some political power in his country, you were sitting with this man recently. Explain that. Why did you do that? If so, now I gotta explain that. So that's Sean saying, Hey yo dog. Yes, I did sit with him. This is what happened. And on the flip side of that, no cool.


Speak now. Imma you finish. No, you're not On the flip side. No you're Not. I'm trying To facilitate This Shit. don, Don, don don't, don don't understand your Viewpoint. Where, where does he destroy at if they calling you to the carpet to explain why you sat with him. You explained why you sat with him. He did the end. He also said that he's not happy that he is locked. He don't wish him to be locked up or he doesn't think that he's not excited that up. You Feel, feel like he should? Yeah. You feel Like he Shouldn't said what? I feel like that if this is your stance and you feel like this man destroyed your life, which he said three or four times. You could've said that 10 years ago when this nigga was outside running around But was That. would anybody have everybody already?


Everybody already thought that we know and nobody was listening. We know place. The that's not true. The niggas that know know, and it's been out for 20 years. What the fuck really happened? What happened? Yes. This is not a secret. But Again, if the allegations in some of these reports are true, would you be going around saying, this guy rule my life as Powerful as he is. What? And the steps that takes to shut people up. What? Ish we know niggas that when the the top nigga do something, we know niggas that come and and take the charge for the nigga and then they'd be good forever. I agree. I agree. They'll be good forever. And then if you slip up a little bit, if you don't make the payments or keep your promises, then we will expose, expose it And, and I don't think that's the best way to do your bid. Bitter. What you mean?


Like, I think he went in there and said this is what It is. They gave me my time. I'm doing my time. Not I'm gonna sit here angry at him because I know what really happened, yada, yada, Yada. I'm not a good talking about, but I'm Not gonna be quiet and now let you fuck my life up twice. Fam. How fuck Is that? Twice? Yeah. What we Talking about? Because now you being, 'cause Now they calling him, say, yo, I don't fuck with him. I did this because of this. Yo, he wanted to donate laptops. He wanted to give some money to my country. He wanted to any of these things. That's why I was with him. That's business. And leave it at that. Yeah, it's Business. That's business. And Puff could have Puff coulda did that because Puff could have been aware of what was going on and he wanted to get around some people to, you know, to change the narrative.


Bro, Sean's been with Puff a lot of times in the last, that four or five. That's not true. You're wrong. Not a Lot. No, that's not true. I Don think it's been a lot. You are wrong. You are wrong. That's, he has been with Puff a bunch of times. That's, he's been on TV with Puff. He has performed with Puff. He's been on tour with them niggas and some of that shit. Shauna has been with Puff a bunch of times. No, yeah, you are wrong my nigga. I think some of what y'all, some of what you're saying just negates the fact that Puff was still puff He's still puff. Yo, I know We just gave this Money so I'm not gonna win you down going a public thing to, to help. Nevermind bro. My, I my, you know what, I'm different dude. My morals is different. My, I I I stand in different shit. And lemme just ask you a question.


If you, if, if a nigga felt that way, like if Sean really felt that way about Puff and we seen some of the shit that Puff is alleged of doing his capabilities, how powerful It is. Maybe he been wanting to say some of This shit, but he know if he said it's gonna come with ramifications. Cool. So Now that you got this Nigga, let me tell y'all what I've been wanting to say for a Long time. Niggas do that. He's a president, he's a president of a country. I think there's a lot of people that may feel safer now that Puff is in jail. Is he a president or he's the Prime minister? Prime minister of the country. So, so, so here's here's the thing. He's the prime minister of a country. you know, there's eyes on him and on top of that it could, it could mess up potential sponsorships even being looped up into some bullshit like that. Even if he decided to take the charge and he went there and took it and him and Puff had an understanding and you know, When, you come out now he has to be 'cause he's he's representing the whole country.


He has to be able to take a stance. That is not condoning the shit that Puff is accused of. And I'm not gonna ask percent for more honorability from Shine. Exactly. He's the last person that got approved even more on Exactly on the moral side of things. Like, like I agree with that. He did it and who he was then is not who he is today. So don don't have to stand on whatever I was on back then. I have a greater responsibility. A percent. I don't even wanna speak too much more on Shine. 'cause he ain't, the story did bullshit. Puff did bullshit. The feel how you wanna feel. They Saying that Jennifer Lopez is possibly gonna be called to testify about that shit back then too. The event at Club New York? Yeah. Well there's a witness that's saying recently the lady that Got it.


Hey, he shot me. I saw him shoot me. So we'll do with that. What, what what you want. She said that. But let's not act like I mean old story. They still talking about the pop shit. Yeah, So I mean what's old in this instance? Nothing. Everything is called the carpet. Everything's gonna Be called the carpet. And he's going, they got him, they got him. They got you buddy. They got it's over. It's over. Like I don't, I don't really have the deepness, the dives on. Nah, no. True. Do does it put you in a position because you, you It puts me in. Absolutely. No, I want to be clear. No, listen. Alright, go ahead. Does it put you in a position because you, you, you had a friendship with this guy, right? Does It make you stop? I'm gonna left Justin.


Y'all gotta stop doing that up here too. But it came off that, that that part we gonna stop doing. I'm gonna start correcting it. Okay. No I didn't. Oh, okay. I feel like it was More like a business relationship. No, I'm very clear in where I stand and where people stand with me. Got it professionally, Got it. I'm clear on how this business works. It ain't a surprise to me. I'm clear with why people invite me around. Want me around. Call the phone, text me. I've been on the other side of that. Got it. Okay. I know where my value lie. I know what I can do for other people. Brands and companies. I know how I'm seen. We not friends with nobody. My friends are my friends. Those of you out there, you know who you are. We, we text, we you know where It is?


Enough of the public posturing. We did that last time with fucking Tyrese. That's not my friend don. Don't use that word like that. These are professional relationships. Some of these niggas are really fly. And I'm fans of some of these people outside of that. Y'all know it's tough to get me outta the crib, nigga is you coming to Diamonds with me? you right. You're right. Like what are we doing here? And when Puff was having a party, everyone wanted to go. Everybody was there. When I was at Puff's last party. Quincy Jones was there. Mary j Blige was, everybody was there. Everybody's there. Quincy and a lot of your stories.


It is a coincidence was In, he was in the basement. Nigga fuck up. No Quincy don't pop up in that shit. Secret garden. Yo yo Secret take good care. One of them verses was about Mel old ass nigga. And while you was on the Cisco tour, I nope, nope, nope, nope. We are not diverting the fucking attention. I'm talking about that on that Patreon to when all we was talking about on our tour, she I don was on vacation just thinking, what The fuck. I hate him him. What's she doing on that damn tour? I'm not talking about it right now because you're gonna laugh at me and don don't feel like it right now.


All maybe our two. Alright, come On. you know they found video. This is our two. Huh? They wouldn't Found a video. Oh, for fuck's sake. Fuck you. Reddit. They found one. Damnit. I can't do anything. Leave that shit in the past. Puff. Yeah. So. I feel for, I feel for the people who have not broken a, they have not broken a law or committed a crime that have their lives affected by this. Like I do feel for his kids. I feel, I feel for some of the innocent parties that have to be subject to all of This shit, I do. Yeah. His kids walking in. But I also feel the same way. I say every, every, every girl need a good, good girlfriend. Like a good one.


Not the ones that y'all be out here running around with a good one that's gonna really tell it to you. So do men. True. That's a fact. For sure. So do men and I get that. That's tough. When you as powerful and as wealthy as, as puff, I understand that. That's tough. But somebody gotta be able to tap you close to your bedroom door. You nigga's bathrooms be the sizes of living rooms. Somebody gotta be able to tap you, pull you to the side and say, Hey big dog, this is crazy. you know, you know what's up. This ain't it. you know, hold up for a minute please. Hold on. Sorry. Sorry Joe. Like, and I'm saying that at this low level I'm at once you the judge on the fucking view or whatever, that was the voice like, you know how much big shit puff has been a part of in the last 15 years, 30 years at any one of them levels.


It was time for somebody to say, hey, enough. Enough. I mean that just kind of, they They, they wasn't the, it wasn't a matte red flag. It wasn't dark red. That Kinda speaks to the, the theories that people have that at this level a lot of people are doing the Same shit. That's exactly what I was going to say is the reason why there was no fucking system of checks and balances in his life is because there was a bunch of motherfuckers there with their, with dirt underneath their fingers and fingernails. And they're worried right now, Not just that he feeds us. True. Yeah. Get Cut off. Now we keep forgetting that yo it the people that are around, they are around in a capacity that might be beneficial to Them.


Get another job. You know, you know, you know what's, It's easier said than don't Get another job. you know what's an eye open Me? You can talking how fucked up It is Out here. You telling them It Ain't easy man. And, and eyeopener as as how much people seem like they feared him. I mean you, you know, you hear the, you look at Puff, you hear the story of, you know, of him going around slapping niggas doing whatever he want and nobody now that he's locked up, nobody is saying free puff. They're not saying anything. There's nobody standing with him. Actually people are, it's a testament people. Yeah. People are showing signs that finally or they're coming out and it just goes to show how much power he had running around this industry and you would never think it, you know what I mean? you know, you heard who his father was and stuff like that, but you just never think these things.


And I do think that let this be, let this be a loud lesson to whoever it applies to out there in the Entertainment field. You niggas are mascots. True. True. That's True. Thousands. It don't matter whether you are a high priced mascot, middle class mascot, low level mascot, you niggas are mascots and you know who you mascot for and the teams outta teams work in the front office. You'll get clipped. You'll get clipped. He ain't exempt. And I don't wanna say that as if it negates any of the crimes he has committed because there are crimes.


I think You can acknowledge all the Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sides of this. There are crimes there and you've maybe fucked with some of the wrong people and somebody gonna learn you. It's your time now. You had a good run. You had for there to be 20 to 30 to 35 years of shit in question. True. Yeah. You had, you had a good run. He's facing the life. Hmm. Cop, you gonna cop got a cop. I think they even, even in how they play, they hit you with that two cop you gonna cop. So that's, that's the yo the 98%.


'cause now you gotta start weighing your options like, yo dog, do I go to jail for life? Do is 10 or do I do seven? You feel What I'm saying? Everybody here does agree that he's doing time. Yes. Yes. Yeah. I think he's gonna Check. So be cops. Do you think that he's going to start saying names? Yes. It depends on what they want you to cop like that. We gonna play ball if you play ball. Mm. He's going like again, puff from Harlem, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay Good. What does that mean? Ice? What does that mean? Ice been on the internet Been Go ahead nigga don't pull ice. What's that mean? I just ask where he was from. I know, I know somebody. My Mount Vernon.


I was making sure Tomorrow. I know, I know. I Vernon Harlem has a reputation of us. Snitching. Yeah. come on man. Vernon. Yeah. Nigga keep trying to tell y'all about these fucking November Scorpios. Come on man. Stop at ice. They do. And then coming home. What? And Loudy. I didn't say I don walking around the streets of Harlem. Right. I don. I don't. And just showing that y'all Men are different coming. I wish we could talk for real. I. gotta do this ad. I do have to do this. Yo. Wish we could talk for real nigga. I do wish we could talk for real. No, no. We Be outta here. We talk. You Don't wish We Talk, All talk nigga. Yeah. Yo don't wish We talk. Keep that over there. don don't know. I wasn't in the kitchen. don don't know what was there. You'll be in The kitchen.


No, he, it was loud and lively today. You'll be in there. When. you separated yourself from early nigga. You sat outside by yourself. I don. I do wish we could really Talk. I love this nigga. I'm keeping everything nigga. Are you down with the Illuminati? You didn't, yeah, you wasn't in the kitchen talking nigga at all. You, you was over there. You was minding your business. You wasn't talking about your trip. Smart damn son. You smart. You got me. You got me. My eyes is open. Nah, he going to jail. He is. Yeah, he is going to jail. For Sure. For sure. Y'all have to be more responsible with your empires. I ain't gonna hold you. I cannot believe this. I you know what though? I gotta, I believe it. I can't see why that shit is so hard to 40, 50, 60, $70 million a year dog.


That's why I believe it. These young in the, what the fuck is going? I don't care. And I come here, I say it for my nigga. I'm gonna say it for the other. Yo. come on. I can't say it. No you could. I can't don don't feel like them calling my fucker. Yeah. I fucked the 24-year-old before. Yes I did. I wouldn't do it today. I don't care what the emoji said. Sometimes you just gotta send a, a meaningless emoji to somebody that that means a lot to little. Go ahead. Little What? Er this is not the top of the joke. No. The second I look like I'm joking too much.


So y'all still y still have the gift of anonymity. Excuse. Huh? Y'all still have the gift of anonymity. I'm jealous of y'all for that Anonymity. How Anonymity, like anonymity means More so than you For sure. Yeah. A thousand times. Yeah. Zillion times. Yeah. No, I'm thinking it higher than a thousand. I'm gonna do this ad and then we'll come back with a few questions. Sure. With a few closeout questions Of course. About this. Give y'all the floor. Well, niggas don't want that floor I don.


Yo, that nigga that nigga took up for. No, No, no. All That baby on that was slippery. Boy. I'm not leaving the accountability portion of that from him. That's why I'm just not, I'm not like fuck sticking up him. Like Yeah, you did that. You did even a little bit of that. You no defendant. What were you thinking? In the crazy. You Too important. You worth too much. See you responsible for too much. You are, you start to think you above the law my nigga. That thought process is what gets them niggas to tripping up Like that. And also it doesn't happen right away. It is a very gradual process. I could believe that too. you know, it's just like, it didn't start off being like these wild days long fucking orgies with fucking drugs and baby oil.


It probably started off Two chicks. Yeah, Exactly. A train Exactly. Three girls jumped me. Exactly. you know, you know like, and it slowly turned. The more money you get, the more prestige you get, the More you know, even y'all, the more You Get away with This shit. Even y'all just did what the media keep doing what? Like I see how it's easy to do. I'm talking about the heinous portion of him. I don't give a fuck how his orgy started. Me Neither. I don't even care about the sexual No, Don't care about the orgys neither. I don't care nothing about how many niggas was in there, baby oil, fucking music. That's true. I don't care. That's true. I want to hear more about the crimes. Yes. And that's what I wanna hold them Account. I read some It. is the feds So I assume that they have some, I do assume you're Sarco.


So there's more people involved. Are we telling, are we not telling? Will he be freed at some Point? The shit that gets me right when the, when the Cassie shit first came out, I've read that whole shit. Right? And to hear her in her depiction of what took place, this is pre tape. Then when the tape dropped and that shit was damn near a mirror image of how she said the accounting of events took place. Now it's like, damn, you gotta give a hundred percent credence to everything that this girl is saying. You get what I'm saying? Because niggas knew Well on some nigga shit. On some nigga shit, I'm pre gotcha.


Why did he pay her initially if she's a part of the trial? Because what happens is even the NDA doesn't supersede subpoenas the federal Subpoenas. No, no, no. I got that part. So why am I paying you? Because the, the tape came out post after all agreement. I'm thinking I'm paying this. She took the money first and I'm It is Over. She would draw the suit. See It is done. Yo dog. If what y'all are saying is true, I'm applying a different level of naive ta puff y'all. I'm on vacation and I was thinking like I called him maybe a week after his album dropped and stupid me, stupid me loving music.


I, I called and said, yo dog, you are a fool for not doing an interview based around the music. Like, why is it that we haven't seen you anywhere and the album sound like this and you not nowhere talking about this music. Like that's a mistake. Stupid me. In hindsight, he ain't got time to do interviews for music. I think that he knew something was coming down the pipeline. Of course. Think The way. Absolutely same. The same way that Cassie shit, by the time I think they was talking about that For six months, they Said quite some time prior to. So there was a deadline for that law that they had. So what I'm saying is you a, you would be a fool to not believe that with the shit that's being being alleged.


That there's nothing criminal coming. You can also arr. Look, It is different bro. Yes. It's the arrogance I've been getting away. I've been paying shit off for years. Decades. Decades. Decades. Excuse me. And there was rumors of, that's why he was giving publishing back to folks, Hey cool, you want your pub back that I've had for decades? Here sign this. You gotta sign this NDA. So now he might really been thinking, I've been cleaning all This shit up. So when it do hit, it ain't going to stick. It's not enough out there to really hold against me enough. People can't come forward because they sign the ND. Exactly. Blah blah blah. I think he could been moving, I think, I think the nigga really just believed he was untouchable, bro. Yes. They said that they was in negotiations for the settlement for about six months with Cassie. And they basically told her to kick rocks.


They Did. Hey Casie. He went online and said, I'm completely in my Lawyer said I'm not gonna be you remember Heads take that shit down. And that was like the next day or at midnight or something that that law expired that she would've not been able to file that lawsuit. All right, we're gonna come back in with the exact definition of sex trafficking for anybody out there. That is confused about it. I do see some male content creators that's keep turning on mics and just sounding stupid. You sound ridiculous boy. You nigga sound stupid. Y'all sound like y'all haven't read all the shit today or charging him with, They sound like they don't read. Yeah, they Just read the Sweets. Yeah, they sound like read the, they read bits and pieces of it. If, if you read it all, I promise you won't say those things on a microphone, but it's time for my favorite part of the show.


Pride Pick PrizePicks. Sorry. It's a heavy hip hop. Newsweek It is hate that. Your shit gotta keep coming right after some heat.


But PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Super easy and simple to play. All you need to do is select two or more players, look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win. Big Tani don don't know if y'all seen what T did the other night. He went Crazy. Yeah, he do that every time. I picked more I, I mean every time I picked less he do that he picked less. I ain't playing him No more. Tani went six for six, he Went crazy. 10 rbis, three home runs and is also the only member ever to have 50 home runs and 50 stolen bases in the history of major league baseball. He did 50 50. Yes. 51. 51 now. Yeah, as of today it went out. Yeah, it went out. Went up. Wow. Yeah, 40 40 was the thing. And ice is betting. What do you what? No, what I'm saying is every time When, I, When I play the hit a bat of 50 fantasy score for him and pick more. He shits the bed. I don't play him no more. If I would've played it, that wouldn't have happened that night. Trust me. That's What I'm trying to You're the jinx. Yes. And we are in the thick of things in the NFL in my fantasy league. I could get SAB off to a oh and three start this week. Sure. Sav, I love you. Rest in peace Fatman school. My my thoughts, love and prayers go to your entire family. But this week buddy, The game is game Oh and three I. gotta do it to him anyway. We also have season long picks on board. So I have Patrick Mahomes for more than 4,300 pass yards. Aaron Rogers for more than 3,750 pass yards and Tyreek Hill for more than 1,376 receiving yards. Aaron Rogers looked good the other night. Finally. He did. He did. Should have picked up Alan Lard off the waiver wire. Anytime Alan Lard is healthy and Aaron Rogers is around, touchdowns are gonna happen. Yep. I know that for just years of whatever, sign up today and get $50 instantly. When, you play $5. That's right. You do not even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It is Gav Rome teed one KB Williams passing yard gets you one win on PrizePicks every week in September. That's right. Only one yard gets you an automatic win every football weekend in September. That is four weeks of free Ws probably about 10 days left of that. Now don't miss this deal only on PrizePicks because it's gone when September ends. Don't forget to use your promo code JBBB and run your game later on.


I'll ask y'all about CJ Strout lil bro and Caleb Williams and how y'all feel about that? I liked it. Yeah, you did like it. I like it. Alright, tell me more later. Sex trafficking. Big male. Alright, so I'm gonna read a couple of definitions of sex trafficking and then Rico. Sex trafficking is the act of using force fraud or coercion to compel someone to participate in commercial sex acts usually in exchange for something of value. Examples of sex trafficking include 14-year-old girl is groomed online or by a friend who convinces her to have sex with his friends in exchange for money. Or a mother who allows her drug dealer to have sex with her daughter for in exchange for drugs.


So that's the definition of sex trafficking. So what is rackets? I was, I wanted to write racketeering. It's the participation in an illegal scheme and the organized crime control act of 1970 established the racketeer influence and corrupt organization statute or RICO as a way for the US government to prosecute organizations contributing to criminal activity. Yo, I've never heard anything read better than that. Boy, when we, when we got a black man on the ropes, she climaxed reading that shit. Oh Shit Fucking Hate racketeering. Let me tell you what, trafficking, co coercion, coercion. He did that shit.


Big mail. Okay, so USA today just released an article basically talking about all of the charges and what it actually means. And so they interviewed a lot of legal professionals, law professors and that sort of thing. And all of them concur that his goose is cooked. That his defense has an uphill battle trying to prove, you know, against the charges that he's facing because of the fact that he, he took this show on the road. Like that's the racketeering, that's the criminal enterprise part. And the fact that there was so many civil lawsuits prior to all of this happening with people alleging coercion with people alleging that he drugged me.


And See that's where my side of this is I think that they got enough people to say, Hey, I didn't consent to none of that shit. I think they got a lot. That's it. And a lot of them In like again with the subpoena override of NDAI think they going, it does. They went and went into his offices to get them in NDAs and realize who to contact. And they're gonna pull all of the motherfuckers in and they're gonna have, they're gonna have to talk. And clearly they got some footage. So there's probably some footage of some, maybe some passed out people and some what's crazy to you know what? Yep. If you are a artist of his and you feel like he did you wrong at any particular point in time, now is your get back. And I can also come up off a civil suit. Yeah. I mean, let me get that think I can think about who's going to be subpoenaed.


The nurses administering the IV drips. Can you imagine? Okay, so like everybody's fucked up and tired after sex, you know, days long, sex, orgies, drugs, alcohol, et cetera. And then these nurses all come in with the IVs, just strap 'em up, get 'em all, you know, their fluids back Up. That's the, that's the ball. I'm not gonna let 'em trick me with That's fly. That's, That's fly. Fuck You. That's fly. That's dope. That part is fly. It's not bad. That's part of the baby oil trick that they put on. No, no, not just that. If we just went wild consensually, I'm not talking about the, if we just had a wild night consensually, that's fly that I'm waking you up at 9:30 AM saying, yo, the IV lady is here, get this strip, get healthy, let's get back in our bed. But I can guarantee that he hired the same, he re he repeatedly hired the same nurse practitioners to come in and do this.


And there's going to be stuff that they say, and this is just me guessing, but there's going to be stuff that they say that they witnessed there that they do not feel was on the up and up. But hey, what Can I say? I'm on, I'm on the other side of that. Okay. Why? I, I don't think they saw a thing. I, I don't think they saw a thing. My Thing is this When I seen that nigga get a iv. That shit look Beautiful. No, let me tell you something. The Sun shining towel on fucking getting a massage. I do not listen, I get IVs. Same. If I spent too much time in the strip club last night, I have the IV guy come over in the morning. The IV dude didn't see nothing that happened. It foria Not just That, I'm not saying that it's impossible. Yeah.


I'm just saying by the time the IV person get there, the fund was had The, the public opinion piece is, I don't think so most People don't do that. Right. And then most people are getting the IVs because they had a wow night of drugs, partying, dehydration, et cetera, et cetera. We drinking and we drugging. A lot of times that drinking and drugging was voluntary and consensual. So that's the piece that's getting fucked up. Like it's almost like, yo, and again, it could have happened, it may not have happened. Like, yo, I'm forcing you to take these drugs. Yeah. Right. So that's where the, the, the, the Public, the gray area is Giving you drugs and not telling you what they are. And I'm not telling you that. Yeah. I'm handing you a bottle not knowing you threw three pills in the bottle.


Right. You get what I'm saying? Like stuff like That IV feel like fuck fucking alkaline water shooting through that shit feel great. No, I'm talking about the night before. Talking about the night before. Yes. Oh yeah. The night night before. I'm off of that and I'm off of that. And, and when it comes to, you know, I I I just go back to like Hollywood and LA when it comes to these kinds of debas, you know, events happening, the ancillary stu staff that comes in, they really have a a, my name is Bennett and I ain't in it kind of fucking attitude. They come in, they, you pay them an exorbitant amount of money to fucking strap you to an iv, like a thousand dollars per person who signs a waivers. And it's like, alright, bye.


But I did see some shit. I'm gonna chuck that in the back of my mental Rolodex. And whenever it applies, it applies. It fucking applies. Right now possible. I'm with you. It applies right now. It could. So I'm just, it's gonna be interesting to see who gets subpoenaed. It's not necessarily who to be the people who filed these suits and what, and artists, et cetera, et cetera. It's going to be ancillary staff that witness things. I do Agree with that. That's True. Security, guard Security. That's Vital. And that drivers, that's vital. And that's gonna be the fastest. That's Vital. That's Vital. See When I. Yeah. When. you say staff. I guess that's what I'm arguing with the IB people. No, that's the IB people that out there 24 7. No, the chef and the house housekeeper, Security people, all that Security.


Yeah. All all of those people. Yeah. Yeah. The kids. They're trying to tie some of the kids up in This shit. They are, they Are. See a nas where it also gets tricky. I lived with my sons, my son, not me, but I'm saying Yeah, I understand. My sons were 17, 15, 14, 13. I've been me party guru. My son had girls over here. True. They gonna pin that on me or yo, Flip It, flip it, flip it around. My son was 15, 14 And I had girls Over here that were of age And my son might have fucked one of them.


Oh, now they put That on me. Yes, because your son is a minor. Because my son is a minor and I work the girls here, he can't consent. They could flip it Very much. So He's in a lot of shit. Yo. He is, he gotta uphill battle. There's too many ways that it, he Gotta uphill battle. And then I, I just think that that the, the gray areas don't necessarily bode well for him. You get what I'm saying? Because it could literally be gray areas. It could be some of This shit where he didn't do it or whatever the case may be. But no, nigga, you did these three things. We gonna give you the whole Lot. I think the problem again goes back to the fact that they confiscated mad footage. So I don't know how there might be gray areas that are so gray. They're not some normal circumstances would be gray, but they're they Could still be gray though.


They said he had camera angles all over each individual bedroom. Like every, every Room there's, There's a lot of shit that may be gray area in a normal circumstance. But when we're talking about billionaires with assets and fucking media companies is that's on tape. So thing about this Ad look, but thing about this good audio, me and Parks, me and Parks got three chicks in one room and we just having the time we, no, That was Parks and the money thing, But no, no. Now we, we had a slice. Who's to say now, 20, 30 years later when I'm, nah, that wasn't me. I I was, I was drugged. I was this, I was that. It's still some gray areas in that, even in that with the footage. You, You know, you know, you know what It is that that bothered me. And It's scary bro. It's It is very scary.


And, and and the lifestyle back Then I think that so many black men feel like that right now. The life, the lifestyle back then was, was different. Scary. Like, even, even even When, you say if, if, if a girl get mad and or a woman get mad and she like you have an argument, she wants to leave. If you Ericson, I want that whole 10 seconds. I'm gonna listen for face just now. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Flip what? Of What? When. I said that black men feel scared. All that the fake look, she's doing it again. She don't Fuck. Even, even if why you hate black men, So, I. Oh Don't, don't do That is my shit. Don't what do That face mean? Go Ahead. I'm agreeing with what you're saying. Oh, that was the agreeing Go Ahead. Go on flip. Even if you have an argument and you stop your girl from leaving or you like, come on.


Like these days It is looked at as either kidnapping or like, that shit is crazy. Not saying and we making the face, but I Feel like that's minimizing some of the no accusations in these. Yeah. Think you argue with your girl and saying don't leave is different From I'm, I'm not, I'm not minimizing it. But these things, The door shut in the private jet. No, these no, these things happen. These things happen happen. When, you argue with your wife or your girlfriend and you go downstairs and stop them from leaving or getting into the car. Close the car door. You're not intending That's a crime. You're not, you're not a crime. It's intending to kidnap them. That's a crime. That's a crime. It is, It is a crime. But what I'm saying, You're and many men are learning that and gone through in time because, and I'm separating that 'cause I agree with Parks. I'm not talking about puffing this. Yeah, I'm just talking about, I'm talking about neither that's, I'm not about puff in this situation.


I think a Lot of people are trying to take experiences that they went through that are fairly benign and applying some horrendous shit that he was doing. If you read the details, Accusations No, that's mixing the line. No, no. That's mixing the line. That's what society is doing. That's not what niggas is doing. Society is doing that because it's easy to point the picture. If You if you put participating in things like that, you could just be a nigga to hear like, damn, he, he stopped her from doing that. Nigga. I, I might have did that. This was a crime. This is what I was doing. So if you change her mind and decide to go to the police, I can go to jail. That's what you start to think of. It has nothing to do with, but Yes, It's a really Yeah, but but, but it's a, but then that means we were, that means that we were taught wrong as society nigga. Yes. There's a lot of white men. There's a lot of white men. Yes.


There's a lot of white men. Man y niggas is all Conan cones. There's a lot of white men that do the bullshit. There's a lot of people that do these things that, that and, and, and we don't look at them in any way. Or if we do, it's not highlighted. Okay, so flip two things. Pardon me? I'm not done. Okay. Sorry. People, it's It is easy for somebody to just wake up one day and watch something on the internet and decide to change their experience that you have with them. Even if you say, yo, come on girl. Like, nah, don don't want. No, come on. What, what's what we doing? That's, oh, I I I told the nigga no. And he like this. These things are gray areas that people don't want to talk about. You just have to abide by society's new rules and and, and just accept it because this is where It is going.


It doesn't make it right and it's fucked up too. Fuck Puff. I'm not talking about Puff don don't give it. Obviously the shit that I read It is been a long time. It's This shit that he's been going through and he's been doing, not going through. He's been doing to people. So nigga, if you did it, you gotta wear that. But I'm just talking about just everyday people that experience these, these things that somebody could just wake up and decide to, to change their, to change exactly what happened. And we are gonna go with that and go with them. That's how I feel about that. And was fly on this part. He was done. He was definitely done. He just repeated everything. Again. I love, I love when people do that on this spot. I wasn't done. Your dead ass was done. Yeah, he was finished. Don't interrupt me, you just repeating me. I'm we heard You right.


I love this podcast. Why you making fun of me for I'm not You did two things right here when When, you were, what you were talking about. There's a lot of what about is and what you're talking about. There's like, you know, white men can get away with certain things that niggas can't get away with and blah blah blah. Yeah. Okay. There may be a double standard and that's something that fucking sucks. But It is a reality. There's that. The other thing that's happened is our understanding and vocabulary has changed and expanded as time has gone on for people to understand that something that might have been a very uncomfortable and experience that they didn't necessarily have the words to describe.


As time goes on and you have time to process and then also your vocabulary and understanding expands, then you are able to actually vocalize what happened to you. So listen, I agree it can be very uncomfortable for somebody who thinks that an experience that they had with another person was on the up and up and completely consensual and stuff like that. Only to find out that they did not view it that way. But the, the reality of this, of the situation is at that point, It is up to that person to listen to what that other person's account was because they might have had blinders onto the situation or not really understood that what they were doing was, you know, for lack of a better word, wrong.


you know, like, I can't tell you how many times I ended up in that when it came to being a woman in this industry in the late nineties, early two thousands. It wasn't just accepted that shit was going to happen to you. It was expected and it was also expected that you keep your fucking mouth shut. It was expected that if you said anything, nobody was gonna listen to you. And so you just, you just found a way to survive. Some women served other women up on a platter like fucking tadpoles better you than me. you know what I'm saying? Like there was just, it was survival of the fucking fittest. And that's the reality. But now things have drastically changed Our concept as a society as to what consent means has drastically changed.


And it has forced people to come to terms with the fact that their behavior may not have always been on the up and up with how they've engaged with other folks. I agree with Deb So. I agree with everything she said. Hey, shut them up. Shut up. So Hey, hey guys, what's the second way? Bought my season long Knicks tickets. Oh, congratulations Congrat the Christmas game. Congratulations. Congratulations Kate. That's fire.


Holy fuck you guys. That's the worst Dumb right? Damn them This shit. I said I agree with everything she just said. I know you did. You're the best. Nah, she dead ass, right? What? Yeah, they silence is confusing me. Who's they don't do that. Don't do none of that. Everybody's quiet. Flip walked away. Listen, you know How to process That. Get consent. God damnit or get consent. You niggas think y'all so cute. If you're cute, You can get the consent, nigga. Hey, all you niggas think y'all flirt so great. Y'all got so much money we trigger up.


Y'all got all these different reasons, ways to get the consent and won't get the consent. No, you can't fucking barricade doors. You can't drug your way into consent. No you can't. God damnit can't vibe your way into consent. The drugs is supposed to be the additive to the vibes, not the fucking get it done. So lemme lemme ask you a question and I'm moving on from this Zoom please. Exactly. I'm trying, dude, y'all legs keep shaking. Y'all need a y'all need an urgent camera. Move on. Yeah. What, what's that? I thought you was asking me something. Yeah, just So No, I'm not gonna ask you. I'm telling you turn alive me.


I'm not gonna ask you. Yeah, yeah. Turn your blink on. I mean, you know, we, we outnumbered here. Society y outnumbered tremendously. I Get it. No, but y'all say that misrepresenting yourselves, the nigga did fucked up shit. But you keep mixing the we are not talking about that nigga. But, but when We talk, we not Talking about, But we're talking about it when We He did. So when niggas, black men specifically start getting in a, oh man, it's just scary. That's what I'm saying. Oh my God. It's tough. We're Not talking. We're not. That may true. Yes. But other reasons. I don't know if that correlate to now it doesn't Correlate with him what he, what he did and what he's accused of. Niggas is not drugging women up here or or or beating them in, in, in hotels or dragging them down like that.


Niggas is not doing that. Yeah, but I'm saying is that certain You gotta whack my shit for at least 15 minutes before I even know that you for real about this. Go ahead. I'm gonna just say I'm gonna sit and smoke. You have to take this nicotine. You gonna have to take mad You. all right. She wants me. What fuck y'all talking about? I'm cute nigga. I had, I had cute in the bro. I sit there in the corner. I said that the edge of the bed. Why you over the hill? Why you over here? Because you making the first move word. That's why, that's where em gay rumors first came from. He don't wanna fuck Me. He don't Wanna fuck he's gay women boy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If nigga, that's why I want all the niggas to stop being stupid so then we can talk about the women.


We can't, We can't. I talk about nigga niggas is doing, doing shit like that. What they on you niggas is bugging. I ain't gonna hold you word. And I ain't the fed ain't nobody subpoenaed me. I ain't coming in to talk. This also has not been the nature of my relationship with him. Like I ain't never seen him do none of This shit. I want to repeat that. 'cause I think that's whack too when niggas in hot water and now you just rolling with the hot water. you know you ain't never seen it. I've never seen none of that. But I read enough to, to see something about, to be a hard few up, about to be a hard few for me. That is another piece off the chess board. You nigga take yourselves off the chess board. Y'all do it. Yeah, I'm sitting home strategizing you.


What? You little sick all y'all? I'm dead ass. Get consent. Niggas Are sick. I am dead ass boy. Listen, I agree with everything Mel said. That's what I got for y'all Word. That's What I got for y that's, there you go. Alright, come on. Listen. What else? What else we got? What else we got? What else we got? come on. Future drop, future mixtape. I know it's burning your soul. come on. Why Is it burning my soul? That ain't even what I ran to listen To. What'd you wanna listen to? But I did, I get to it. Okay. Future did drop his MIXTAPE PLUTO third project this year. Did any, did y'all listen to it? I Listened to it the way Today. I gave it a listen. I didn't Let's do a couple last night too. I, I, I started this morning. I gave it it a, a quick run through.


It's cool. I didn't need it after the two masterpieces, in my opinion that he dropped earlier this year. Yeah. I wasn't mad at it, but I was good on my future for the year After. We don't trust you and we still don't trust you. I was cool. I didn't know where he would go with this. I, I noticed on the artwork they said the house that he used was the, the Rico's Yeah. Rico's house. So I'm like, okay, maybe this is, you're taking it back to like an older sound or something. Mm, Nah. No, no, no. There's a couple records on there. There is Future Simps better than all of y'all. To me. He finds a way to get his simp off and y'all don't even realize he's simp. So that's, that's really my only takeaway is it's cool.


It's Cool. Hmm. Not mad at it. But. yeah. I'm not mad. Didn't need it. Nope. I really enjoy the second half of it. That it's a shit called my dog. My dog died or some shit like that. What is that shit called? I Got it Lost my dog. Whoof. That shit is heavy Made. My whole faint was was, was was one of my ones made my whole faint. Yeah. Oh no. It got yo, he got some shit in there. That'll get some dollars out you though. For sure. For sure. There's a couple of them as soon as they come on over. What's the song you named? Parks? Damn, I just forgot That my dog died. Dog died. Lost.


Lost my dog. Lost my dog second to last track. Lost. That shit is dark. That shit is dark from the rip. Yeah. The whole second half of this thing to me is it gets where it needs to be. First half. I'm cooling all that mixed tape Couldn't absorb G six for come on. I done lost my daughter Fentanyl. It's Crazy. I done lost my daughter Fentanyl. Oh yeah? Yeah. Looking At his text was battling with depression.


I should have seen a, as I received a message. Yeah. Present. My bad that to cry for you This shit. It is depressing. Yeah. I cry. It's depressing. I will cry. Yeah. I cry right in front of y'all. I don don't care. Huh? I like dark future. Me Too. Yeah, For Me, once he hit too fast, he was outta here too fast. Oh yeah. Yeah. Once he hit too fast, gone shout to everybody in la Rest in peace, You know, Did it too fast for some Commissioners.


The was too fast Only sorry, because I was moving too fast. So we said I knew it wasn't gonna last by the pad. I was moving too fast. Rich me, I was moving too fast and I knew it wouldn't last popping out. Swap him out like every other week. Catch now 63. Shoulda got a lease on rodeo. Let have a fe our third day with me. I'm already trying to go to Greece, treat her to her. Think she Million. By the time I heard, I say her name ain't, It was about a quarter in before he realized he was fucking everybody.


Listen. Solid project. Solid project from Future. Oh man. It is a mix tape. I'm thankful for more music. He's had an incredible year. Yes. But. Yeah. We, I mean, again, like, like Parker said, we, we was cool. We didn't need it. Didn't need it. But not bad, but Thank you. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Not bad. I don't wanna sound like I'm shitting on it. Just, hey, you can't shit on it. We about to only get music from four people for the rest of the year Of life. Yeah. Yeah. For the next five years, boy It Is over. God damn Man. Yo, y'all was trying to tie Kevin Lau stepping down to Puff shit. They tried To mad people stepped down and lost their jobs in last And he did that before that even shit even came out. But, And I, and not to step out on a limb, I just don't believe to de related.


Yeah. I think that Kevin Lau's stepping down or being removed or have whatever happened just speaks more to the music industry shakeup that's going on and the reshuffling of consumption and just all types of other shit. I don't think it's puff related. I would be shocked. I would be shocked. I don't think It's just timing. Yeah, The timing of announcement. It just, Lot of people stepping down. A lot of people getting, it's fucked up, getting fired, fucked up. It's fucked up. Y'all ain't about to get a whole lot of music from a whole lot of labels. MI think that's bad too, by The way. If I'm Atlantic, if I'm any artist on Atlanta, I ain't putting shit out. I, that's how I fucked my career up at Def Jam.


Taking that, taking that same stance. See I'm the opposite. If I'm an artist over there at Atlantic and the big dogs ain't dropping, I'm gonna try to put some shit out. I'm gonna try to get out there. I think the only nobody Wants to drop. All right, cool. The only people that probably feel comfortable dropping over there are people that have direct relationships with Elliot Grange. Mm Yeah. Maybe true. Oh Yeah. Other than That Would, You're probably not getting your money approved. Your budget's approved, your release date approved. Your artwork approved. Yeah. But I would, It's probably gonna look like a, a real nasty, A real lighthearted Hearted. I would take that as an in and take initiative to make me want to, Hey look, if y'all big dogs don't wanna drop, let me get on y'all radar.


Y'all want something to drop? Y'all were looking for a reason. So let me go out here on the internet or let me go start freestyle whatever I can do. But You can do Without y'all, but You can do. There you go. But, but now I'm gonna get y'all to say all, well we got some heat right here. Let's go get behind this one since nobody else wants to drop. I don't know, name two songs off Don Tor last project. Everybody here loved Don Tor. I love him. I went to the release and came back saying it's some shit in that album. But guess what? If the label ain't there, the label ain't there. Yeah. So even if you, so you great. Even if you do it, he went and did some artistic vibey hot shit. you know the kids love him. He sold already. So he may not, you may not put him in that premier Yeah.


Age list. But It is some niggas with some buzz that I ain't gonna keep. Nah. And they not getting nothing. Y'all go, y'all go sort it out. That's Atlantic, that's Warner shit. I might feel like that on Universal right now too. I ain't gonna lie. It's bad. You can't feel good if you're a musician out there right now. It's Bad. It's bad. It's only six of y'all. Maybe that feel good. It's bad. I think the downfall of major labels was inevitable. But. yeah. It's not good for music. This shit Looks crazy now. It's not good for music. Do Do we, do we really? Well, it's not good for music at this level. The major labels. Yeah. Yeah. Yeahs what I'm talking about. Release. So do you, because again, I want to say that I don, I don't even know who's independent, who's not.


No more TuneCore used to be independent thing. I don't know. All of this is above my pay grade and all of the fucking legend Executives from my time, they have moved them. So it's a whole new everything going on. don don't know. But I'm just saying independent music maybe accounts for, I think I said it before, what, 3% of music consumption. I forgot What It is. But. yeah. It's not, it's not high, but it's higher than it's high. It has been, yeah. It is high enough for them to project it in the next 10 years. What if it says 7%? Like When, I got to Spotify during all the podcast shit. Them niggas was like, yo, y'all get this podcast shit to 2%.


We gravy. You get it to 5%. Everybody in here, we gone. So it don't take much So. I mean. I do think that's great for independent acts for y'all that have the hopes and dreams of the, the major label system as we knew it. I think It is over. Yeah, I agree. I that I do think It is over. This looks like a, like a major consolidation play. I. think that what I was thinking and they've been consolidating in front of our faces. Yeah. But like the absorption of like Atlantic records underneath the, I guess universal umbrella. And then what happens? Elliot and Lucian like control Most of the Business.


50, 30, 50% of the fucking 35%. Yeah. But. Yeah. I think it, I think it's horrible for music in general though. I think that the music business, but I Think that, yeah, there's No, I think gatekeeping is actually kind of good to some, to some degree. I agree with you. Like without, I agree without that. It's just the wild, wild West. Everyone's throwing their shit up. And how do we know what is good or what is jv? What is, what is excellent production, excellent music, excellent shit. Or what is just some shit. It's hard. It's hard to weed through someone who goes and presses play on mad random shit on the fucking new releases. Okay. It'd be a lot of bullshit up there. But you but you but but you saying, how do We know what's good and what's not? Like there's no bar.


There's no bar. There's no bar anymore is what he's saying. And you are the the unicorn. We are the unicorns that are going to listen. Yeah. We go to. Okay. Okay. Yeah. But but even in That you have to weed through a lot of bullshit to get to the good shit. That's true. That's all I'm saying. Okay. I had, keeping It is good because at least you knew there was some brand behind. I know if it comes out on TDE, if I know it comes out on whatever get label, this is probably gonna be of a certain quality. Yeah. If it's all Int if that dope, if that dope got a certain stamp on it, you know what it's hitting on. Yeah, exactly. Like again, like I say with the old Def Jam record label vinyl, that meant something. That's a, that's a stamp. This of a certain quality. Yeah. Got it Got it.


I Got it now. But listen, what y'all thought it was just gonna be the artist to, we've been saying here for years that the artist is getting their money from places other than music. True. Maybe y'all thought it was only the artists bus. The music business has found out that we get our money elsewhere. Get our, but that's the music business fault. That's the part that trips me up. The artist was forced to go get their money elsewhere because they wasn't getting paid from the music a thousand percent. So y'all made 'em go get money elsewhere are mad that they not getting money from music here and now y'all leave music to go and get the money elsewhere. Or in this system, the artists have always been designed to get the money from elsewhere.


It's never been the case where the music business itself has to get the money from elsewhere. Right. But before the music Right. Still getting some money. It is having a seizure. It's swallowing itself. I'm I'm with you. That It is their, it's their fault greed. But all they ever gonna do is observe and react and regular adapt and reality. Yeah. The the music business has always been reactive. I was watching a clip with Gil Gilbert arenas shout to Gilbert Arenas, NBA Joe Biden. And he was saying how damn, who was that Ron Artes or somebody did the two headbands Ben Wallace. Somebody did the two headbands different color, the NBA banded and then came out with the NBA multicolored head headbands.


Alan Iversson had the sleeve he was wearing. They banned it only for the NBA to turn around and then sell the sleeves. Same with the leg strap that take Tracy McGrady made the the need, all of that shit. So I mean music business is the same shit. All of these people are getting they money from Tech and IPOs. They outta here. They gone. They don't need us to drop anymore. Like back in the day. So now niggas ain't dropping. Yo, I miss the days. you know, we old So I don't know. But back in the day, albums dropped. I know. Yeah. And We we're excited About that too. But now the artists have so much money because they're getting money from ancillary places that you can't force no drop There.


Don't think that's ka. Yeah. It is definitely, I think that's Cap. That's All Cap. I'm not saying all of them. I'm saying most Of them. Yeah. True, true, true. Most of them. You talking about the 6, 7, 8 niggas I'm talking About. Yeah. Yeah. That ain't, But those are the niggas that be keeping the lights on in the building. No, Not anymore is what I'm saying. I think, I think it's bad business. I like I niggas is distant homeboy Elliot, I think he came in with a business model that all of you high paid niggas, I can't see a value in y'all no more. Y'all gotta get the fuck out. That's what happens in corporate. We bleeding money in corporate. What happens is, the first thing you cut when your company starts doing bad is expenses. You niggas is getting the fuck out of here. If I can't put a nominal fee on what you bring here outside of your relationships.


'cause that's what everybody got. Put a dollar amount on this person's office. And if I can't you go, that's Not, I'm not gonna all the way disagree with you. You get What I'm Saying? Yes. From a business perspective. Yes. So I'm not disagreeing with what you're saying. Some of the chatter comes from they would the, the episode of succession would go different if the head of this company for the last 90 years get to send to his son to go be the head of that company. True. Which is supposed to be our competition. True. I agree with that. A lot of chatter's coming from that. I agree With that. That's True. There's also a lot of chatter. I won't say much more about how Elliot Grange is going about taking the position.


Hostile takeover. Oh, I could believe that. It's not Respectful. I Could believe that. But you hostile to people that have been here, that built this place for 30 40. They built the building. They built, they built this one. Two, I can't say that. Just imagine, just imagine if your dad was your dad and somebody here was trying to buck Knuck. If you buck nigga. I'm telling my father. No, I I get it. I think But think about this. Do you think there's some, there's People that was being groomed for that position. Oh, I could believe that. Yeah. That are now looking. There are people that, that Might be unemployed. There Are people that gotta go do it again the same way artists gotta go do it again.


Mm. Now there are execs that gotta go do it again. And some of these people are extremely bright. So I. Don't doubt that they will, but they're gonna pop up in another content media share type of something. They're gonna move to what it's moving to, which Is tech. But the music is Everybody's in the tech business. Yes. Or you a mascot. We in the tech business, it's all tech. True, true. But so under the guise that it's a tech business, don't you think you gotta get rid of the old antiquated way of thinking about the music business and bring somebody newer in That is more receptive to the tech transition. Well They could bring whoever they want in because the musicians is never gonna do what all the actors did and stop. True. Great point. So now all of the people that labels that control your rights, which is again, why I have always fought for rights and independence.


So I can negotiate my own shit versus a label representing or having your rights and now taking all of y'all rights and going over here with it and deal. So now Universal just got a new deal with Meta. Yep. Meta is everybody fucking, it won't be the last. It's gonna be a lot of more deals popping up like that. And those are the artists that you're gonna see get some type of, get some type of something going. There's gonna be a few of them. There's gonna be a few that they'll make an example of this new way of doing things. Do You correlate that with people dropping on Instagram now? Yes. 100%. Yes. I think that was Guinea pig the situation. What's this? What does this look like?


don don't think that's good Also. 'cause I wanna go listen to the Kendrick Lamar song. I gotta go to Instagram as opposed to Yeah, But if from the business side, as opposed to what? As Opposed to my library of music. But look from the business side, Instagram. All right, so now you got a Spotify, you have Apple, you have title wherever else, you know, they have whatever subscriber base they got. I go do this deal with Meta. Who has WhatsApp? Instagram, Facebook, Facebook. How many hundred millions of users right there? No, I get it. Billions probably don don't know. But so now we launched the song over here. It's, it's like the evolution of streaming.


Almost. Almost. No, I get it. I get It from the business side. I Don't think it's user friendly, I guess is ultimately what I'm saying. Scary time to be a musician. It is, yeah, It is very scary. Time to be a musician. That, that, that's what I got for you. Again, above my pay grade. I'm just watching to see how it all shakes out. And you know, back to the gatekeeping thing. A lot of the problem with independent musicians is they bypass the a and r and even proper mixing a lot of times and stuff like that that the labels made sure was happening. Or we're not putting This shit out. And so there's just no quality control, there's no development, there's no It is just Vibes. Because now look, But in that, and again, you're getting rid of the people that maybe cared of tiny, tiny bit about culture.


Like you getting rid of Kevin Lowes, who gonna take the stand for you in the event that the feds come knocking. True. Like you getting rid of, listen, I can say all the amazing things in the world about Kev when it looked like I was on the label, not hand actually I was on the label not handing in my second album for years. Like get outta here, I'm rich. I'm I'm moving around. I'm young. I'm 22. Like that nigga called my mom in office. Like for an intervention. Hey, that's, that's, that's Care and love. That's what I'm saying To you though. I'm not getting that today. No, I get it. That's care and love and damn near and damn near no level of corporate. You get that today. True. You are, you are just a replaceable number. You are, you are. No, my mom came right up there to point, ain't giving a fuck. Listen, I cannot get through to him.


I'm bringing you here 'cause this is really important. Yada yada, yada yada. Yeah. We losing those people. Shit. Haleem was just here the other day eating some fucking beans and fucking whatever that shit was. They cook. Haleem is great at what he does. Yes. He is. Like, we looking at people that are fucking extremely skilled in what they do. That's just eating lunch with us. No, you need to be, these are the people that help the people. Right. And look Good. A good song without proper execution is a fucking waste a a story on, on Instagram. Look back, it comes and goes Back to what we were saying about Instagram with the deal that they got now. So now it's kind of, they did what they did with the playlisting, whereas to get on this playlist, you gotta play ball with us.


So now you go upload your song to Instagram buried. Nobody sees it because we got to deal with them. In order for you to get visibility, you gotta play with us. There's no more getting yourself hot using these apps unless you playing with us in there for, for sure. Yeah. And the, and the app game, that's the drop to the same Instagram won't even give you three new followers. Yeah. That's The game now. But look, but that's the pushback that I had to what Parks was saying a little bit is if, if, if you have the gatekeepers and they gatekeeping Right. And they're doing they job at gatekeeping. Now, if I don't wanna play ball with y'all, which means sometimes selling my soul to play ball with y'all now it, they it It is just a cycle. Yeah. It's the same thing. It's just a cycle not winning over here. Yeah. My, my shit might be mixed and mastered the greatest, but I'm not making no fucking money.


So I'm gonna go over here on my independent route and I'm gonna put out some bullshit and I'm gonna get better at it and better at it and better at it God willing until I have a quality product. But I'm gonna still own my shit instead of putting out dope shit. Not making no money with y'all. See, and then you'll learn that most people voluntarily give their Right to I know, that's what I'm saying. I agree With you. They, they just, it don't take much convincing. You get what I'm saying? But yo, the the new the new niggas is learning a temporary game. They Give y'all niggas is suckers each and every last one of y'all. That's it. I would be damned if I know what I know today and y'all was able to pull some of them old school tricks on me. I ain't about to be a part of no company that's gonna IPO and I don't get a dime.


But That's, you know, Or if I am what you know, or if I am 'cause that's not true i's about say yeah that's not true. But I asked and they told me to my face. So there's no room for blurred lines. Hey, no, no. Now your decision. Yeah. That ain't happening with these niggas. You fucking Crazy. Some niggas don't know what the IPO is Joe. Yeah, that's you, you, the key part you said was knowing what I know today. True. All right, well keep trying to make, keep trying to make music in the tech business. Have at it, have fun with it. At some point you gotta go learn that other shit. True. Read a book. That shit is Different. In my day it was, well that bu ass book we all got How to survive in the music.


Everything you, Everything You need to, you know, you know everything you need to know about the music visit today. That was, now y'all need to go get today's version of that and go, go watch all of these interviews. Watch all of these podcasts. Listen to these artists. I blame a lot of this on artists too. None of y'all talk no More facts. Ali was supposed to talk about that the other day. I think that is, that's a problem now. Now artists more than ever are fucking avatars. They're, they're the person that doesn't really exist. We Up. We got a front like We Up. Everyone is, what's the shit? A hologram. Everyone's fucking hologram. You gotta front like you up, you can't say, yo, I'm over here starving. I don't think that people wants to learn the other side of the business though.


you know what I mean? I think that's a problem with these new people. I just watched something with the Rock where he talked about, you know, side note where he went to Vince and he wanted more money and Vince said, if you want guaranteed a million, I want you to go on the other side and learn the other side of the business first and then come back to me. And he said by Vince doing that for him, he learned it and he was able to guarantee more. He said, I'll give you the million, but this year you're gonna make 15 So I think at the time, you know, and that was back in the days, the time that people were dedicated to learn the other side of the ship or to learn what's going on and how to, you know, how, how it moves. These niggas don't wanna do that these days. Nah. These younger artists don't wanna learn. They see the money that they and RP and none of that shit. It is instant gratification.


They see the money that they get now and usually what happens is they find out what an album of theirs like no, no disrespect, but Meek talked about it. Yeah. When he found out, wait, wait, hold up. That one song made Atlantic, how much? Yep. Oh, I gotta go do some research now. Yeah, because I I know what I got paid. Yeah. If the song made that much, something's wrong here. I remember it was also, Uzi said something with the, the all my friends are dead. I forget the name of the song XO Toy Life. When they found out what the song made versus what he made, it was like, okay, we gotta have some talks. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's what happens. Usually you gain more information that open your eyes to what's really happening and now you wanna, But then, but then if you see the other side, I guess they, they can, the money that they put into the project, I guess that's, that's what they pushed back to the artist like, yeah, we paid for this, we did this, we did that.


So you, we can't really That. But once my song, once my song got over a certain amount of money, don don't give a fuck what you put in it. If that song made $200 million. I, I agree. Alright. You paid for the studio time, you paid for the marketing, you paid for the this and you paid for the, that $200 minus whatever the fuck y'all got. And I got a million dollars out of it or $2 million out of it. That was Meek's point. Meek's Point was like, yo and Meek's point was that they be hiding that shit from them purposely hiding it. That may be true, but I mean that it does discount kind of the shit that I'm talking about. Like Yeah, your a and r needs to get paid. Yeah. Your marketing people need to get paid. The record doesn't sell a million copies if if they don't, These people don't do that. If They don't do what They don't. Yeah. So, And they don't really care what Meka saying 'cause they lower his mic.


Good point. They lower his mic. Great point. He ain't the same me. His van is looking like, yo, what happened to Meek? I'm sitting here loving everything that Meek has dropped. It's just Me record today. It is hot. Got a song out today. But you would miss it. That's the point You would Yeah. I missed. No, unless you follow Meek, which, and the artist themselves are learning that I have to use this social media myself. Meek started his own hashtag Ask Meek, so to get engagement going. And he said, I'm dropping a record called Cyber Truck hashtagged it. And now I'm trying to get some conversation going to promote my song that I gotta do myself. The record came out under Dream Chaser records, nothing else, which means I'm out here by myself right now.


Like what you've done in podcasting is what they trying to do in the music business. Yeah. Which is Build Community. They haven't done that in the music business and they trying to do it now. Well, in a long time they used to do that. I Just love that shit. That shit is fine. you right. What, what, what he's done. No, I'm serious. You always, you're the only example that we, we we could Like that's the shit that I said before on the other pod. And the nigga was like, yo, what the fuck is these dumb niggas talking about? No, that's what I was talking about. Like you've built a community and you built a community. So now You can lean on that as opposed to outside help. But That's, Well I sell two albums a week. Yeah. Like I look at what Kanye is doing. He trying to the touring in China. Yeah. Just the world.


The world. Yeah. And I'm delivering, he, he's been trying to figure out this way of going direct to consumer. Yeah. He genius. Fuck y'all Now he genius. you know he tried it with the STEM player. He tried, you know, a lot of these artists now have their website where I'll put my album up here, a vinyl or whatever the case may be. You purchased it directly from www me.com. Yeah. Like we, we we're, we're trying to sell the music direct. Now people are trying to figure it out now, but it's, it's late in the game. Right. The future's always the past. So the future's gonna be D two C. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yes. And all This shit. You're talking about community and shit. Like that's how musicians at one point made a living was going out and building community, doing shows, interacting with people.


Like we got so accustomed to This shit. It's easy. I gotta just do it from right here. Yeah. I, I remember, oh, go ahead. So I. Remember Stack talking about the hand, the importance of hand on hand promotion. you know what I mean? Being say the same thing. I remember Stack talking about that. What? And you know rest in peace. But I just remember those days. Remember Street Teams. That's what I was getting ready to say. Like even I know Party Promoters that do clubs that don't have a flyer no more. Everything is online. Everything is online. Like you used to have to get out. People used to go to other people's parties and put 'em on the car and put in nigga's windows. Like whatever was popping that night. I'm showing up and I'm lining every car in there. So When, you get back to your car. There's my flyer. Now it's just, yo let me yo my man make this flyer for me. Send, I pop it online. I hit people that got a certain amount of followers, ask them to repost and that's it.


We're done. Just make the bar And the people that are winning are still going out there and hand handing It doing, doing Hand Hand. Yeah. They've just made us accustomed to You can just do it from right here so they can control everything essentially. Good luck to y'all. Yeah. Good luck to all out there. What? I'm dead ass. What other music Drop It is a as what? The music nigga. A Music drop while they dropped something, Right? Yeah, he on Instagram. He dropped a record on Instagram. I liked It over the, it was a Tam Imp. How you say Tam Impala Tame Impala Imp Respectful. I'm not familiar. 'cause I said what is this Tam? Paul is one My David person. But be respectful. Yes. You got Circle. I apologize i's apologize. I apologize. It's okay. But. yeah. No, he dropped. He dropped the joint up there too.


Alchemist dropped. Alchemist dropped. Oh. Rapping, rapping, rapping. Rapping. Yeah, He's Rapping. Well man. Oh. Shit. Yeah. Shouts out. He's rapping. Well Joe, we got one. One dropped that I I'm sure you would Fuck with. Really? Yeah, we got one. She did it again. Who? She did it again. Oh my girl. She don't miss. She's outta here. You must not know what you just thought. Me and my bitch go, no. Give a fuck about this party. We gonna step on shit.


Get coin. Swipe that bitch. And now the charges. Mike being no bitches. I be really March, I got hands for a hug. I get bands for a show. He want Chance after Chance after chance nigga. No, I keep saying free. Do my dance some. If It is going down soon as I don And oh and her debut album's coming soon, right. Illa A announced the debut album with this single called Ho Hold on. Album comes out next month. Not mad At it. See Gorilla is putting on just a clinic on how this should be done as a new act. But again, that's where my heart goes out to some of these people. Imagine Glo Rilla without the tutelage of a Yo Gotti.


Who knows how to Exactly. Shit is fucked up out here. Yo. Yeah, That's the stamp that we was talking about. That's stamp. We just Got it. Exactly. Yeah man. It is, It is, Hey Glo can't wait. I'm buying it. This Is Purchase already. I'm buying it. When. you Drop October. Oh, I'm getting it ordered my little iPhone last night. Oh Shit ordered. Ordered the new iPhone. You should come today. Yeah, they Come out today. They get delivered today. Oh. Then I'm going to the mall. You ordered it? So I. I ordered it last time. The album Comes out October 11th and it's called Glorious. This phone is the worst phone in the world to 15. Ain't shit changed.


I'm gonna be honest with you Nigga. I prayed to Steve Jobs something better James. This phone. They put a I'm I'm gonna keep it a buck. you know I tell everybody every year, those of us who upgrade every year, we just do it just because iPhones are not meant to be upgraded every year. They do very minimum, very small upgrades year to year. The phone is meant to last two, three years. So somebody going from a 13 to a 16 will see a massive difference. That would be me. Nah, that's Ka, it's not Ka don. don It is ka bro. You talking to a person that's purchased every iPhone every year since the, you Talking to a person that keeps up with Apple and iPhone stock. So there was a little run where Apple did make drastic improvements on the phone. Many, many, many, Many, many, Many years Ago.


Not year to year actually. They started, they went, they started to do S models and they stopped that just to trick people. They went from four to four s, five to five s, six to six s. And then they said the S would show up for Samsung stealing Sucker niggas Basically. Some niggas had that little s You coming in here with a red phone move? No, no, no. I'm talking about the regular joint bullshit. Like it was a S Oh yeah. So then, then they started to realize, yo people are catching on that the S is really a midlevel upgrade. So we gonna remove that and just go hold numbers every year to trick y'all. It's all marketing. But Then they do like a max and a pro. Well that's just the size of the size of size. Oh okay.


Up though. Girl fan That Max What We Didn't even need that We on. Nigga It is only didn't Know It is only common Prom maxes. We don't care about that other stuff that they drop. We get a prom max every year. It is two. Okay. Starts at what? 215 what? 256 gig. Every time we get terabyte we get Terabyte. Oh Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I just wanted to show how much money you getting. Gigs. Gigs, How much, how much is, how much is the terabyte? Starts the phone? Yeah. 15, 16, something like that. I Don't know. It is easy for you. You about to buy two. Well, I can't get me When. I not get my girl one. I know I just 3000. She get the new phone. Three Stacks easy on the phone Anyway.


Any whos Yes, any whos crazy? What? Oh no, this was funny that no, a friend of the show, Ruby Rose. Ruby Rose told Druke we paid for the pr, not the pussy. She ain't tell Druke. She told the world. Told the world. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She tweeted that just randomly. Yo, stop playing with her. It might not have. Who playing? Might not Have been random. don don't know. Yo, yo, yo. you know I Don know. I don't know. Stop playing with her. Who played with her? don don't know. We Don't know their dog. Bitches had platforms and voices now. Yeah. What do you want me to say? They get to pick up their phone and say some Shit. That's a fact. That's a fact. And you pay for the PR nigga, not the pussy.


No, they tried to tear my girl up on the internet. They did. They tore my girl up. It worked. Thoughts Ish. On what? Oh, on. don don't know nothing about their relationship at all. So. I don't know. She just told you. She said It is not, it wasn't a relationship. It wasn't no relationship. It was a PR stuff paid for the pr, not the pussy. She just, she said yo, for the record, I never slept with that man. He paid for the PR and not the pussy. Cool. The fuck I'm gonna say, I'm just asking Fair. Oh see that's like when the Knicks front office hit me and was like, hey the, the games that you got, we giving you, it costs a little more than that money you sent. Do you want to pay the difference or remove some games? You Got that other package over there.


I'm, I'm paying a difference on that money. What? What You get the PR and some pussy. You gotta be cheap. This shit. I gotta be just Tier is to, that's a little Upsell. Upsell. That's, that's it. Figure out you put the 20 games, huh? Shit because you know they break the packages down. You get the 20 game, the eight games. Oh, he got the, he got the sub package. No, them niggas will give you one Lakers, but then 17. Oh. I'm at the Laker game February. Charlottes Like, you know what I'm saying? No disrespect to Charlotte. But that's how they break down the packages. Listen, I'll be at the game about 41 is all I'm saying. You don't need to know. I don't, nothing. I got no, you don't need to know nothing. I got, Okay, cool. In life. Okay, cool. You Don't need to know. Remember?


That's fine. Perfect. What do you mean remember it? You set that tone far. Relat don. Don't tell me how many fucking teacups you sold. That's all right bro. How many teacups you sold? I mean, little None. Hello? Hello? Hello? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You did it again. What'd I do again? You are going the opposite way of Brittany Renner. Whatever Brittany Renner's doing right. Just second. When she zigs, she's Zagg. You are doing the complete opposite of that. And that's all I can say.


Legally I'm into it. Yeah, I'm into it. Care To share. I Huh? Care to share here. Who me? No, The two of you are having a side conversation. Mel. I said share. I didn't say nothing on. Hmm. Do you care to share? She's sharing. That's the point. No, no. Well it's oversharing. I'm a little uncomfortable. She not. And that's what I'm saying. Ice. Don't worry about it. That's what I'm saying. I text my lawyer already and we, And we already told her that we uncomfortable With it. That's why I text my lawyer words and she still, and she still do it. I'm gonna show her Motherfuckers Susan, me, Anthony, let me ask you motherfucker.


No, no, no. I'm gonna ask you Joe. I sorry y'all, I'm uncomfortable. Sorry y'all Dead Ass because everything I am, I am against contract talk. But I just gotta clear this up. Me too. If I sue her, can I include you? No, can I include the network? No. Damn. Her contract is specifically modeled for to be against these types Of things. I'm not gonna sue you man. I know it's okay. Funny. Yeah. And I like the fact that Shane ain't, she ain't sue us. She don't give a fuck. She don't sue us either. Yeah. Well we don't do anything. Mm Well You can man, You can write it out to You can. I said we You Can write it out away. I can. Oh yeah. I'm down with you. All that shit. They do Oh, Shit. They do in the hookah spot.


Don't have nothing to do with me. I don't clean no snow. Wont be your car. don don't do shit. I don't pick up after your dog. Look at freeze. I'm just saying coercion. It's coercion. What you mean You lucky We real niggas over here. We didn't even pay you no mind. I know. See that's the thing. You lucky I know a bear Swept at the, I am never letting go of the beer. Hey boy. Today they tried to have my ass over my Tyler tape. Oh Shit? Yeah. They your As they was on your ass. Yo.


Internet When, I leave. I leave with a bang. Number one. Number two, this is how I know I'm getting old. I don't give a fuck what the internet saying no more. The internet for me is like hip hop. It is like, I never saw, I never envisioned life without you or not caring. But here we are. Ain't trying to kill me over my shit. I even missed the, that little part of spaces when they, I I was ready to go in there and tear something up. I missed it on some vacay shit. Oh man, I ain't getting into it again. That seemed like a hot topic. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The South Africans tried to take up the beef.


Yeah, I wasn't talking to y'all. I said that one person is a dick. The fuck is fuck is y'all jumping up about one person could be a dick and it don't beat all of y'all. That's racist. That's racist actually. Anyway, any host? come on man. come on. Who gonna take us outta here today? I did the last part flip. He mentioned racist. Let's go. There you go. Segue, cancel This shit. No, no. I went to, I went to, I have to apologize though. I gotta apologize to Parks Poe, Ian Keib, all the white people that I work with that I say things about and I say you guys are being racist and funny. No, I, I've been wrong. you know I was wrong.


I went to Springfield, Ohio and I face racism lies. Oh, you went to get you, you were in your journalist bag? Yeah. Yeah. I went there to get, you know, went ground level. What they said about my Haitian people eating pets. I went on, you know, foot on, you know, had my foot on the ground. And That's Dope. It's, by the way, it's, it was a lesson. It was a lesson to actually see people that's racist and don't give a fuck to tell you that they're racist. you know what I mean? That was like, how did they Express it? We don't fuck with you. Wait, Period. They said they said that to you. Like You, we don't fuck with y'all. But you know, and, and and one guy said, listen, you know the Haitians are giving us trouble if a black man and a hardcore white man, this is how they said come together for one common cause and the Haitian people are taking up all our resources.


And they were just talking shit. And I said I wanted to get hyped. I almost got hyped. But then nigga Just went back To old Flip then a nigga just, no, a nigga just, no, He wasn't gonna old Flip in Ohio, they was gonna learn your as Nigga just a guy just walked right with a gun on his waist. Right on his waist. Right on his waist. In Ohio. They open Carry. Yeah. I said, but they gotta Be shown. You can't conceal it. Yeah, you gotta be shown. Mm. He wasn't gonna act Crazy. He wasn't. No, I wasn't, he wasn't Gonna hit nobody playing in Ohio. I'm not playing with, you know, anybody but to see it at all. I used it then I His best behavior. Yeah, I was. Yes Sir. Obedient. Yes. I used the word racism loosely up here. And I, and I'm done with using it like that. I, if I see some foot bullshit, I'm gonna call, I'm gonna call niggas out on it. But not racism no more. Nah, nah, nah. You saying like me When I came back from Indiana where I was at Indiana.


I was like alright. Right Enough New York Northern privilege. Yeah. Enough now That shit is different today We be saying shit up here and it don't be that, It don't Until you go get to That. Yeah, yeah. So I think I, I mean, and I asked them, I said, do you think that what's going on is reverse racism? I asked them that, you know what I mean? They what they look at me, they go the fuck said no, it's regular racism. What I'm saying is that you playing Uno boy. The white, the white, the white people, they call you buddy. Hey buddy, like the, the white people up there. They said that the Haitian people are taking their resources. So, and the government is leaving them undone. The houses that been abandoned in Springfield, Ohio for so many years, they couldn't get into it. And now the government is paying the Haitian people 3000 a month fixing up these old houses Word and letting them occupy it.


So they like, yo, we are being left undone. We are going on a welfare fair line. We can't get no money. Word. Like you didn't know I did. We can't get no money on the welfare fair line. We can't do none of that. And these houses that usually go for 25,000, 30,000, they're going for 125,300. No not 300, 150,000. And they're fixing them up to give it to the Haitian people. Now the Haitian people are saying real quick is that, you know, we come here, we not afraid to work. We are providing this community and we are bringing money into this community by working, occupying it. So that shit is crazy. But white people over there don't give a fuck. Yo. Get out. Fuck you. They don't give a fuck. They don't give a fuck. They talking about niggas, niggas eating cats and dogs. They're telling me to my face. That's what y'all do.


I said we do that. I didn't like that shit. I I'm sorry you went through that man. I saw a sign. I'm gonna put a video. I saw a sign that says Voodoo on the, on, on Tom's wall. Tom is a, a guy that sells old cars, but he hijacks the, he heightens the price to the Haitians. So shit may be like 500. He sent it there for 3000. I saw shit on this wall that says Voodoo. I said you like, you like Haitian people. Yeah, I do. Good. I do business with them buddy. So why do you have a voodoo sign? Oh, that was dead from 10 years ago before the Haitians came. I said yo. I said stop it man. Yo, it's crazy son. But it's an experience. I'm looking forward to watching this. I wanna see this. It, it made me appreciate you guys a little bit more. I just be saying shit up here.


I gotta stop. I told Ian on the phone yesterday. Y'all gotta stop bro. I gotta stop with that. Like, should be looking a little, should be looking a little funny. Should be looking a little funny. you know. When, you be one When you be missing the edits and Poe be saying slick shit, but it's not racism. You Supposed to end Yesterday. I supposed to end yesterday, last night, put a request in. you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Granted, No it's not. Well don't say that. He don't Say I'm granted don put Nigga say you say that. You say that. Now it's granted. And then When. I speak to him. It is, he's making it seem like it's coming from him, but it's coming from you. Every time I have a meeting with that nigga and I say something classic, a good cop back up, it goes like this. He said, okay, hold on. You can hear, You can hear while I You can hear the shit.


You can hear it. And then I come back and talk. Nah, I'm not falling for that shit. It be you, you Be, that's the thing. That's where the last crew went wrong. They wouldn't talk to end. But you don't wanna talk to, to nobody Gotta take both calls. Take him out, take him out. You can take this nigga out. I don't got no horse in This place. Take him out. I'm good. Take him out from So He's the only nigga that can take you out because he, But why would you wanna take me out? Not take you out like that. But he, I, he Such good for the Community. He can bat you. Like he can go back and forth with you. And he, and, and a lot of times he be shutting you up a little bit sometimes. you know, saying that's my Man. Yeah. That's, that's my, I Can't play, I can't mind wrestle you. You gonna say some fly shit and It is over for me. Nigga, I gave you that. Look. Look at all This shit you do. I gotta shut up nigga. You can come in in late nigga. What's up.


I gotta shut up. I gotta shut up Birthday runner. What runner Want go into that at All? Oh yeah, that's what I was doing when Mel was doing that shit. Yeah. Who watching This shit. Who's watching what? Who's watching this? This broadcast. A lot of people. A lot of people. What old giants are watching This? shit, somebody you got a call from fucking one Mike Stray and somebody, you got a call Eli because that's Melba Mel. Eli Melba is the older fil Sims them 49 and up Fils 49 between 49 and 60. That's her little bad stop.


Lawrence Seller hit you up. Somebody hit up no One of whites. Bavaro C Horn Machor. Nate sold somebody. He said one of the white get This shit. Go ahead girl. Go ahead. So Brittany Renner, I guess before we get to Brittany Renner, who, how, how bad should Bryce Young beat up Tyrese Maxey the game. The game. Wait, what happened to Bryce? He I don know he Lost his job. And what Happened? He got his girl stolen. He got his, yeah, Word on the curb. He showed his ya in the, in the stands with Bryce at the Philly Game. At the Eagles game at the Eagle. She was like this. Yeah. you know what I mean? So you lost your gig and you lost your queen, your wiz and you lost her to a nigga that just got like two 70.


That's a stress I do not like to deal with. And I saw Brunson at the Eagle game. How you feel about that? That's a next, I don't care about that. I have, I do not care at all about that. Okay. He's a Philly guy. Went to school, Got it Gave us a buck 50 discount. He go whatever game he want, I don't care. He coulda put on the fucking Houston Rock rockets foot ski ball joint. Yeah. I don't give a fuck what gave Are you shitting me Foot ski ball. I got seasoned Knicks tickets. That's fun. What the fuck are you talking about to the Christmas game? That's fun. I'm going too many Christmases. I done sat at home looking at the tv like I ain't doing shit.


Hey yo, you ain't gonna make all the games. you Know what I'm saying? I know I'm gonna sell those. Nah, You gonna sell 'em or give them to your friends? No, no, no. I'm gonna sell them. I purchased them at a discount. No. To your friends. Inflated rates at a premium. At a premium Stuff. You putting the tax on. Yes. Smart nigga can't pay pay them or don don't know. If that's against the law, I'm gonna give them back to the organization. Good. Get that. Get that notice. Hey dog. Yeah. Ain't giving them back to the organization. Okay, got you. Brittany Renner, who we talking about? Brittany Rener says it's tough for her to make a coin out here ever since she changed her faith. And I said duh.


What the fuck is the news story here? Brittany Ritner. don don't know. Yeah, I don know. I don't. So because she's changed her religion and got a hijab, she can't go get a job. Oh Shit. Oh well yeah. That's also, that's also the epidemic. That's plaguing well bodied women like yourself, well bodied women. And you say y'all won't get jobs. Oh Shit. What Is she gonna put on her resume? What experience Does she have to how, how what She and I ain't doing that to Brittany. Er the show. the show. Brittany Renner was in the fitness game and she was a soccer player.


She's an author. So I didn't like that. But. yeah. Content creator. She's an author. She's a content creator. Yeah. It just so happens there was more coin in the game. The game pays. There was more skin in the game too. That's when it pays. What you did there, what you did there. That was really good. That's when it pays. That was a Parks one liner. But Not, not not she said no. She said she wasn't in the game for that money. That speaks to her intent. And humans can never disprove or prove intent. I'm saying what came with the game, Literally. Hey I wa I watched a couple, I watched a couple of her new videos and I got annoyed and I turned it off.


What annoyed you? Why'd You get annoyed? I think that don don't think that she's really, I I to me it was, it was making it seem like she was making Light of, Light of, or fun. Not fun. I don't wanna say fun enough 'cause I don't want to play around with anybody's religion. But it just didn't seem, it didn't seem that she was serious about it even, you know, it's just even her intros, I'm like, yo girl, shut up man. But I do wish the best for her. I mean, you know, she could figure it out. I'm pretty sure, you know, she has figured it out before. She should figure it out. Don don't know if She should. There's a market for that. I mean go to Dubai. They have the emails going around Hu They do humility and humbleness is a part of Islam. They Giving 75,000. Can I say that? No. Yeah, no, no.


It Might sound like trafficking. That Does sound fool Trafficking. Well nobody's going over there to get them. Those guys, they paying the emails is around the Fed. Got 'em, the feds got them emails. I saw a couple of them. So what, what, What were we saying? What were we saying? No, I just said like, yo, so your lifestyle ain't the same but humility and humbleness is a part of Islam. True. So you can't, you know what I mean? You gotta dumb down your lifestyle a little bit. Be broke. No, you just gotta dumb it down. I don't believe saying You can't hoe as that To be honest with y'all. No nigga. Can't be it. This nigga said you can't hoe as that. No. What I mean You can What? I feel like it's kind of the antithesis of Of hoeing.


If you, me and Khalifa bro is a troll. Yo, yo, stop, stop, stop. She's strolling right? Ready Run is a troll. Go ahead. And has been trolled play around. Go ahead for a while. I think she's trolling with this. There's no way the pod is myself anymore. Yeah, go ahead. I'm gonna help you. Go ahead. There's no holes in that outfit. Yes, yes, yes, yes. It is done differently. It's Done differently. It might be no, it might not be done differently. They're not doing it like that. They could be doing it like yes there are. They could be doing it just like that. I forgot you down with them niggas. I forgot. I forgot you down with Muslim couch. Muslim Us.


What the fuck? Niggas get offended for real Man. Keep Playing. Yo stop. I take it back. Them niggas take it back. Back. They don't play at all. I'm not playing with any religion. I'm just saying yo, we get off that elevator. Them niggas beat out there like they brother. Hey Joseph. They Do what you talking about the other guys We. talk about the black ones. Me too. They action not It is not like that. Stop doing that Bro. It depend on where you from. Okay. Moving right along. Okay. We love you Frontrunner. We love you. Best of luck. You love her. Yo, I do love best people. Yes. Yes. It's people. Oh, I ain't know that. I fuck with Britney Yo off of one queen to another. How about Megan? Good.


Y'all didn't tell me Salute that black queen salute her clapping up. Salute nigga. Salute that Black queen fucking face. Clap it off. Do you want Me to recap you on what they're clapping about? Report Come out. They about to recap a rumor. Yeah, There. Okay. Is that true? Guess what? If It is, I believe the rumor. Slap the fuck up rumor. I heard how many times we believe the rumors. I'm talking about rumors up here all the time. We don't wanna fuck With rumors. I heard they debunked it though. I Don't care. Yeah, I believe it. That's what I Heard. I was hyped too. Who Debunked it? Okay, debunked it. Hold on. He Could debunk It. Let me just say what the fucking rumor is and then You can tell us who debunked it. Okay, so the rumor is is that Megan Good is paying for everything. Mm. She's paying for everything. She's, what is it, $75,000 to is like child support or something like That.


Jonathan Parks major. Yo, this nigga said Jonathan Parks. So allegedly she's paying all of his bills, including his child support and his doggy daycare. Dog training. Yeah. Bill Dog's expensive. you know what I mean? Salute that queen. Salute. Salute. But you said that they debunked that they I just, I just saw the internet that it was debunked by who? I didn't see who it was by the community Noticed. This Is fucking great. This is great. Listen. Is there a problem if a woman does that? No. We so old. We are 60 years old and Jay won. Grab that damn mic.


We as hell yes Paul. No, let me play along. No, there's nothing wrong. All that's it. In a time of need. Yeah. Hold him down and then when he get back up, he'll pay back tenfold. Exactly. She Stood by him through his time. you know what I'm saying? The whole industry turned their back on him. Where she was right there. The movies, You know, she had might have had a good residual contract with some of the movies. You know, I could put two could playing that game. What's what shit, what's nigga, I can stop if I I hear it because I'm thinking it. Yeah, she could get money.


You Do know that. She's like got she's been like on television series. Yeah. you know she's, she's residuals. That's what I said. I said residual. She's been An actress since she was a child. Didn't She just get divorced? And She got, did she Get some money off of that? Oh, there you go. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's True. You don't really know about the circumstances surrounding the divorce if there was like alimony or anything like that. I don't think so. Would you pop one of her old niggas? Shit would wood. Oh, we Got it. Got it Got it.


Oh my Lord. For strikes again. Hollywood is very incest, incestuous, you know what I'm saying? There's a lot of overlap. Edge. Yo, how many movies did I have to do to claim Hollywood? Yo h getting that shit off on us. Yo It is like porn star. You been in two movies, you ain you on his, you ain't no porn star. No Oh. Shit. That's shit salute. you know what know, that's what I do on vacation. I do try to picture your sister watch because shit, she was there.


Yeah. It ain't hard to pick him too. Oh, that's like, it's like a crew. Yeah. They're, I would say that they're Yo Mel is the fuck Savannah. Don't you? I would say that they're, they're pretty easy to, to pick out. See, this is what I wanted to say earlier, but I thought it was inappropriate. So. I didn't. Okay. 'cause of the conversation we were having. But earlier When, you were talking about, and I'm leaving this, okay, It is just something I thought and I'll pose it to you Got it earlier. When you was like, yo, in the nineties such and such. It was hard and it was tough and certain shit was expected and yada, yada, yada yada. How do you feel about that being the time that you thrived in versus how it feels today?


I had to Not saying you're not thriving today. I'm just saying Yeah, you made your heyday in that day. I had to figure out how to navigate those treacherous waters. And the way that I figured out how to navigate them was I aligned myself with the, with the people in power. The artists didn't have the power. So I aligned myself with director, producer. Yeah. You Know? Yeah. Fuck they talk About. And So, I made my, I kind of made myself untouchable. Not The little Savannah. No, never the little one. No. Fuck you raggedy bitches thought out there. Y'all running around fucking the artist.


Your lip, huh? Directors and up. Hello? I mean, not fucking You. all right. I aligned, aligned, Aligned, Aligned, Aligned. Aligning. I be aligned with The powerful people. You line it up. Yes. To protect me. Mel was always smart. Mel was smart. Everyone was wild. But you dispute that Ish. He keep just sitting there with a little resting face. Yeah. Y'all be trying it. Boy, I don't dispute nothing. You saying Queen. Okay. All You can do that. Can't do that. You can't call a black woman queen. You cannot call a black woman queen or male or male. You can't do that.


Y'all, y'all niggas are so suck. Y'all some suckers. Who? Y'all. Who? Y'all, y'all Who? Everybody that looked at me when she said that shit with the face, I was looking straight ahead. you know you wasn't, I didn't, I didn't say anything. I, I said you look, I I do rely on you for certain takes. Exactly. You understand? I ain't even gonna try to lie. You As old as us nigga. You was around right now. You the exec nigga. you know what she said with some funny shit. You looked at me like I ain't know you even had a beard. Oh. Shit. I'm just saying. Yeah, I know. I know. So Anyw, who Any who? My vacation was amazing. You guys. Oh yeah. You tell us about your adventures. Thank you for asking again.


I packed a bag with all of these outfits. I wore the same pair of shorts. Two Hanes T-shirts. One swim trunk. Like this bag. Like what are you doing? They say that that means something psychologically. What about how you pack for vacation? Always over pack and overpack it. I always over pack. And what it means for your mental, your mind state and how much is on your No, no. I'm just, what? Yeah. I think I heard something like that. But I always over for vacation, you supposed to pack light. You supposed to unwind. Not bring all of these necessities and overthink and overdue. It's supposed to just be a very light go with the flow.


You're not everything is off radar. Yeah. But in going with the flow, you want to be prepared. Like, no, you have, it's wrong. Just let me. So they say I'm not, it's not, I'm not saying right. Because if I'm just going with the flow and then they say, Oh Shit tonight such and such is going on. We didn't know. Let's go get dressed and go there. But now I don't have nothing to wear there to have certain size. It's bro nigga shit. It's is road nigga shit. You for to shop there? Yes. Buy, buy something near every place. You ain't got no buy. Buy some, buy something near everywhere you go nigga. So I Me too. Fuck y'all talking about? I went in the, I went after the spy. One of my favorite things to do on vacation is buy spy products. I'm such a bitch. You are. Hey hey 20 minute clear out on me. Good. I'm a bitch. I love buying the spa products after the spa and in this one and they sometimes they had the little clothes hanging up on the side.


They had like little Mexican Lululemon shit up in that piece. So I was like Woohoo. This is a nice gray tea. Yeah. With the matching pants. Sure. So anyway, again traveling without TTSA precheck, that's all better need on the way back. And my girl is better than me. She waited with me in the pedestrian line. Aw. I do not do that with her and I won't 'cause penis. I'm not doing that. But she did what she was supposed to do. She waited with me. Nice, nice. you know, I mean went through the little thing, but I ain't wear no jewelry out there. I didn't really take no jewelry. But I, I took a, I took a ring. I ain't, yeah, well it's no don don't vacate like you.


Yeah, he didn't leave. I don't leave where I'm going. I don't leave where I'm going. You do that other shit. You get, you know travel. What now that that Cuban would've left a really weird tan. No, not just that. Asda and them got cousins. So they come in there and see you out. Asda. You went to Mexico. So What? Stop. Stop doing that bro. You wanna be cool with everybody. That's your bag. You wanna get out there and touch the soil. I was here on the Land. You got like a lot of buildings that need work in Mexico. Like a lot of depleted like construction sites. Like they start building pirate enough. Yeah. Ish Mexico could really use a contractor. Ish Mexican sh I knew what he, he was saying why I think we took that was great.


I knew what he was saying. I'm just looking around. I'm like something's off. They all, so TPSA? No, T-P-S-A-I thug my way out and and I get there and, and we land and the baggage is taking mad long to come off the thing of me. Jiggy and It is mad crowded going through the custom shit again in Cabo. This is the only place where, see I always, I get the greeter. I get the greeter which normally meets me at the baggage claim and walks me through past all these pedestrians and Cabo the greeter. This is the only place where the greeter meets you outside after you pass.


And even that I think is, I ain't think I'm rich enough. I seen some niggas get the right greeter. I ain't do it yet. I ain't do it yet. So, I sit in line and I go and I go and I go and I go and I go and I go to customs and they put my bag through the little machine. The thing I'm a JY X-ray shit. And I noticed that they checking a lot of bags today. On this particular day I done bid Dick Cabo a few times. They checking all the bags but I'm stupid and don't have no information. I just put my little bag up there and they emptied out my whole bag and they detained me for contraband cigarillos?


Mm mm Tobacco and a lot of it you are on vacation, you wanna lounge and did enjoy the smoke. I planned on doing some smoking. Sure. They booked me and they sent me to the side room and now my girl is there stressing out. It should be annoying, mad panicked. Well what are you gonna do with him? Where are you taking him after she got my card? Wait, wait before you go gimme your card. Wait, wait, wait. Lemme go in your pocket. What pocket?


What pocket pocket is it? What pocket go like this? Yeah. Leave my baby alone. I love, Hey, where you go? You can't do this. I'm staying by his side the whole time. Give me your card just in case. Okay. I gotta bail you out. Hold up baby. Baby. Here give you the card. That's mad for they take me in the little side room where my man is there Mo Mo is a black dude or a Spanish dude, a black dude that knows Spanish or It is a Spanish dude that's from the Bronx. So he is like that type of Spanish. He just watching him book. Me too. He like Oh Shit Joe. But he said, he said Oh Shit, we got Joe button up in this piece.


Now mind you, while the lady is detaining me for all the shit, the whole line is like Oh Shit, look at your button getting arrested. They pull me the side Mo's like yo dog don't even worry about it. They just gonna make you pay some shit. But I'm hardheaded. I sit down on the side, wait for the little, they tell me the sheriff gotta come and talk to me. I sit on the side and I'm just chilling with Mo listening. Moen is at 9:00 AM Oh Shit nigga It is one. I said, oh you think I'm sitting there waiting like when I gotta wait for Jersey City to come to the caucus and pick me up. Oh no buddy. So now I'm throwing a tantrum. Oh Karen.


But I forgot where I was. This ain't say coffee. So It is cool. I'll wait here, I'll go smoke some cigs in the bathroom. Hey big dog, can I go to the bathroom? They follow me to the bathroom. I can't even smoke in there. Cool. They take me at, take me back over there and now I'm just sitting there watching. Apparently it's Mexican Independence Day. It's real important to know what's going on in the places that you go to. Yeah. I feel like I would've moved a little different had I known that it was Mexican Independence Day and that Canelo was fighting Oh. Shit. Oh no judge. No judge than you. Yo. So now I'm sitting there. So anything that that you could sell in Mexico, they pulled niggas for, they pulled people out the line for fruit.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can't, they pulled people out the line for T-shirts. They pulled people out the line. They pulled a man who was with his wife and daughter to the side and made him either pay for these baby carriage and baby materials or provide receipts for every single baby item that you have here. Anything that You can sell. Nada you gotta pay up Oh. Shit. That's crazy. So now he was a white dude so he had a little more bravado than me and Mo. He was like show me the law where it says, and this is the baby carriage and it's not against the law. And all they said was you pay or nah no sit right there.


I was part of the NA group. No sit right there. The sheriff will be here shortly or if you pay, you pay you go. Mo had a little over nine grams a weed. Apparently nine grams is okay to carry with. They changed the law for your personal use. You can travel with nine grams, anything over nine grams. So they bag mo, they pulled this little Ziploc out with the weed looking trash. It was looking like some Reggie. They took the Reggie So. I'm sitting so now I'm sitting there with Mo getting acquainted. Hey man, where you from? What's your story? Cool dude. you know how I make friends where I go, Mo is about to go to the Army. They're doing some $50,000 sign up for the Army's from, from New York.


But New York, the economy to fucking, I moved to Florida. Me and my girl yada y out here celebrating my girl's birthday. Oh Shit. She out here with her twin sister. Her they mom. We got a group of us, 12 of us. They pulled me out to Pat. I'm sitting there, I'm like god damn Mo, this is crazy. So then the sheriff came, you paid more fine the sheriff came He ain slow walk. My dog, the sheriff came and took me and Mo. He said yo You can either wait 'cause Mo is 6 3, 6 4 and I wasn't the smallest. He said you could wait, we could go get the minivan for y'all or we could stuff you in the back of this tuna.


This tuna can take your pick. We chose the tuna can. I gave mo the bench. I sat crisscross applesauce right in the little corner. So there was some room. Typical no handcuffs. That's nice. you know what I mean? They was like, Joe, get a picture. Yeah, not right now I'm in jail. No because then at some point they realize who I was too. Now the police, the police, the customs, the everybody there. So that ain't making matters better. Cool. They put us in the back of the shit. They take us the opposite way of where all the cool shit is. So if all the resorts and the fly shit and bitches, It is going to the right, take you niggas down here to the desert.


We bust this, we bust this left the road. I never seen where we going. you know PE you go that way. Started asking question where we go now listen to that. But Mo knows Spanish, that's important. And Mo kind of speaks new. He was from New York. Yeah. So everything that they saying in scanners, walkie talkies, mo translator to each other to customs. Mo is translating for me in nigga, he's like yo dog, they say when we get there just tell 'em such and such and such and such a yada yada y tell em this and they should let us go blah blah blah. They take us to some medic building. This is like a process. They took me to the medical.


That took me to medical but it's in like a jail. It's in like a Mexican jail and Mexican jail look very different than This. shit that we got overhead. Them shits was desolate, nasty, moldy empties. So the guy come out senior, you say some shit. Yo I I pay yo I pay. There's no option to pay yet. You said no ain't no option to pay. Oh yeah, they gave you the option. You option you didn't wanna pay. So now you come with me. Stupid though. I changed my mind. No, no, no, no, no, no. You come with me. You come with me Mama. No nigga So I. So the dude come out, he said Yo, y'all healthy. Did they fuck you up? You good? We say yeah, we get back in the squad car.


They did let me smoke a little square. That's awesome. Alright. I love that. I love that kindness. Little privilege. They take us to another little offshore jail looking sight. Grab your bags out the back. Me and Mo grab our shit. We go up there. They take us to like an office, but the office got a balcony. So I sneak out and smoke some more here. Water rush stressed out. Hey I'm Joe Button dog. If it's a balcony near, I'm walking out of it. She was Brittany? Yeah, you're Brittany Grinder. Yeah she was Brittany Graner. I gave y'all buckets over here.


Keep playing. So a guy comes in there and he says, well now you talking to Mo. He says, whatcha talking about, he says your first option is this 48 hours in jail. And then we'll hand you the immigration God. But he's saying that in Spanish. And Spanish sentences are mad longer than whatever the sentence is in English. Nigga I'm sitting there, I'm trying to judge Mo's face, but Mo's cool Mo like, I'm like what is he saying? Gimme some reaction.


Say he said alright, the first option is 48 hours of jail. He said I can't do 48 hours of the jail. I said nigga, me neither. So he said he gonna give us a second option. I said yeah, he just trying to scare us. He just trying to scare us. So he come back, he said the second option is You can pay a fine and we will act like none of this ever happened. But you might be flagged coming through again, but we'll just let you go. We say what's the fine? He said we gave you an option before. Oh no, there's a different fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's this is a different fine. You said no now for him they said hey we do have to go check the potency of the shit that you traveled with.


Oh. He had some Reggie though. He had some Reggie and the potency office was five minutes away. This is how you know the niggas are scammers for sure. So Mo looked at me, he was like, I ain't gonna hold you. My shit ain't It is it's backyard. It ain't like it ain't about to be like crazy, crazy. I said oh good for you right here. So Mo was like, listen I got, listen I got such and such dollars. That's all I came with.


I'm gonna have to barter with him. I'm gonna have to negotiate. I said nigga you are going to jail. Well I made friends with your back. I said listen, pump, pump. I said luckily first both I have a couple of dollars. If they don't say nothing crazy to me, I got you. I'll take care of you. Oh man. And he was going first. So they came back, they tested This shit. The hit came back bullshit. Exactly. You can go home. No, they told me no. They told me to get out. They told me to get out. Yeah This shit so bad. You can have to back yo. We're not gonna discuss fuck you up bringing that shit in this country. We're not gonna discuss his business in front of You. can you step out?


I step out the other room got a balcony too. But I can't get that door open. So, I can't. So, I can't smoke. So anyway, Mo now come to my room. He's like, yo, they told me this amount. I told him my man is gonna take care of it for me. And he's a good man, a good brother. So do him solid. Don't kill him. He's a good man back home man. Them niggas told Mo, get the fuck, shut the fuck up. Hey Mo, you shut the fuck up. And so Mo shit was whatever it was, I gave it to him. Mo such a stand up dude. He tried to gimme whatever money he had. Yo, here yo. Take it as a man. I would never yell that. Yo dog, keep your money. We got this together.


We're getting outta this together brother. We're getting outta this together. And then they came to me, said Mr. Focus, are you in that mood yet? Ians they came to me and they said we do have a number for you. However, before we give it to you. It is our obligation to let you know that your resort has a navigator outside to pick you up. They're waiting for you.


And they've also sent an attorney. If you would like the attorney, we have to present it, let us know. Just know it's gonna go a little different. If you pick that 1 48 hours turned 70. Man this is bad. Funny. I said I slammed my little AMX on the desk. Ba do what? You will take it nigga. I'm up. Hey no no. He went and got his homeboy with the Mexican swiper. The Mexican card. He went and got him. He don't speak English neither. He came in, he swiped my little Amex bow declined.


Oh. Shit, you can't stop me. I got two Amex. That guy he swiped. It declined. I my, I got a debit. I pulled him, my nigga I look like this motherfucker like yo, come on. Oh my god. All them shit's declined. You need your phone. I here, I got my phone. I hit my wealth. My wealth advisor shit hit Anguilla. Hey yo, she on vacation but we get it together. We get the cards to working after I had to call Amex and do all This shit. So another hour.


They ain't do send you about 40 minutes. They ain't send you the text, huh? Because you know they'll send you the text talking about pride and shit like that. Need to speak to me. Oh they need to speak to me. And because, because I was in Mexico and, and my, my advisor was in an Willa. The, the merge, the call couldn't merge. So now she got one phone with Amex and one phone with me. I'm in jail and we trying to talk to each other like this through the phone. So it took a little while. Yeah, that's how, that's how you But we fucking Got it done call and And I go and I listen. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful place. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.


So I pay. How much was the fund? I can't say. come on Joe. I tell you off here Mocho. It wasn't Moo, it wasn't Mo shit, it was Mocho and me and Mo we asking questions. So. I had just, we just asked him, yo, what is the most somebody ever paid coming here to you? Oh. Shit. He about to find out right there. And he said One moment, one moment, one moment. Five KA show. Me and Mo sitting there on Google, the phone ain't working the best. We trying to see what the peso is to the dollar we, we trying to get to it. That nigga said okay, 90,000 pesos, Oh Shit. He said something crazy. It don't matter what he said. Because I paid, I got my navigator and I went to my beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful place.


Shout out to the, all the staff at the place Julian. Just that shout out to everybody. That was great. When I talk about service hand, hand to feet, white glove, 24 hour chefs, no reason to leave the premises. A fucking movie theater, hot tubs, bad outdoor spaces and tables and indoor spas. And this place was absolutely beautiful. Me and Mo ended up, we did exchange Instagram pages because we connected. Shout to Mo, we connected. And on my very last day, When I booked my yacht ride. I hit Mo Nice.


I said Yo dog, Come, come hit. come on. Commit to season with me. Get get Your, get your, get your girl. Get a little crew. We ain't doing shit. It is just me and my girl looking stupid in the face. We ain't doing nothing. And he got his people and he came nice. And we got on a yacht. Had some charcuteries. Nice. Share some jail stories. That's amazing. Some war stories. Thugged it out together. That's crazy. Cried, hugged. That's some scary shit. Yo being detained in a foreign country locked up Abroad. Yeah, he had that shit. don don't know if y'all remember my brother was on there. He told the story. Same told in Mexico. He told where they snatched him up and him and another dude got caught. It's kind of very similar to what you went through. Yeah, You can have that. I'm good. Mm no that's not fun.


Nah, nah, I'll never do that again. So then on the way home, you know I got, I'm, I got the connecting flight, I'm going to Houston and then I'm gonna connect. I'll catch the eight o'clock and I'll get home at fucking midnight or some shit. But the Cabo flight was delayed a hour. So now I'm sitting there looking stupid fuck shit connecting up. Fuck the connect up now I'm on the phone trying to get some other shit popping. Then it got delayed two more times. So there is no other shit to get popping. And my man Julian came in there, he said I heard you say that you need to get home Oh Shit Like yeah man I do. Julian was hell, I tipped the shit outta Julian Boy. But you did Julian and he makes a hell of a frat.


He had that coffee on that counter at 5:00 AM on on a dot. But anyway, he said I am a company, yada yada yada and private jet. Take the private jet and get you to Houston and probably get you there in time to take that flight. I said awesome, let's do it. And then he, the change the private jet time changed 'cause the dude was flying from somewhere else to come over here. He was like, oh he can't get there till such and such time. I'm like all right I still ain't gonna make the connecting flight. So Kenny take me home. Oh Shit because don don't know about the gas and what flight could, how many hours. And and you know what's funny as a nigga that don't normally ride private jets, everybody that loves me that knew I was getting on a private jet scared to death.


That shit's them shit. Stupid. Why? Niggas wanted the pilot name, copilot name make year of the plane website insurance. Really? Yeah. You just get on someone's private jet from down there. Respectfully. Yeah. Nah, nah, come on. Your life is too valuable. You're not gonna do that. You ain't just getting on some shit without, without have no information. Oh no you got But anyway, I got the information totally legit. Got on, got on the private jet. Hey the guy was like Julian said I could give you the price so you to go straight home or stop in Houston. Drop off your lady. She interrupted. Julian take a little something extra on there.


No, we'll go straight. Just give us straight through. We'll go straight. We don't need to stop. No we ain't gotta stop in Houston. Stop in Houston. We can go straight home. No, just give us the rate for the straight through. I walked in the kitchen. Hey dog. Send both the prices. Turns out it was only a thousand dollars more to stop in Houston. Oh. Shit Really? Same price. Oh yeah, she didn't care. Oh no. Oh no, no, no. I I'll just go on with you. Nah man, that's fly. So perfect. I think that's fly. That's lit even better. Can't even say nothing. No, no. This is one of the moments where I want us to be able to have a real talker.


We can't. We can. Hey maybe you right about that shit. You said we can't. How you look your girl in the face and say take your as off. Go home. No, no, no. You gotta up. No, no, no. You looking in the face and say I was just with you this whole time. Nah, you gotta make shit up uninterrupted uninterruptedly. You gotta make shit up. It was just Me and you this whole time. Don't you have some shit to pick up for you? I need a vacation from you. The kids miss you. I would never say that. No, I would never say that. I'm just saying. Nor I wouldn't have a feel that way. No, I, I love spending time with my girl. I'm up love. come on man. What about the for the people? That what? That Hey yo, don't you got pop quiz? Yeah. What about the kids?


Pop Quit say the kids. The kids miss you. You got test? Yeah. Practice. Tell how Tell no honestly not now. I'm not talking about us. How you tell your girl you need a vacation from her? Alright, move around. You tell your man, you tell your man word. You tell your man, tell your man. Yeah word. Anyway. We went straight. We didn't we we didn't stop. Gotcha. you know I thought that was the funniest thing in world. Maybe I learned but that's funny. You got a private jet that's going to swoop down and drop you right at your front of the P. Nope. But they love us so much. Yeah, they wanna be all of let's be attached to a bond yo. They gonna be god damnit.


Yo yo. As niggas we just got nigga shit we want to do alone. We wanna scratch, we want fucking you just wanna, yeah. Nothing alone. Yo. I wanna watch. I wanna just want me nothing. But I mean some niggas want to wanna lay in the bed awkward like you said. Not me. No, no, no, no. Wanna watch the news uninterrupted. But anyway, so me and my baby gonna play. Then we went straight to straight to wherever we New Jersey and I gotta tell you, I gotta make more money. Private Joe's. All right, great. Greatest thing in the world. Yeah. Really greatest thing. Greatest thing in the world. Land is some private part of the Newark airport.


In and out customs. There was a head knock custom, there was a head knock. Now I got that shit on my shit where anytime I come to America you gotta pull me in the room to ask me if I'm traveling with somebody that yada yada yada yada. Yeah, it been 20 years. So they be like, ah yo, go ahead. They just gave me. Yeah. Now I'm I'm famous. Oh that's part of famous Privilege. you right, well I can get there. X we used to be the splash brother. Write it down. It is used to.


You see funny shit. Trey mom told me nine years ago she was gonna go up there and get that bitch asked me if she went, somebody asked me if she went, did you remind now you wait to get cordial and cool with your baby mama. And they ask some she, oh yeah, I got you help. That was some bullshit. I gotta fix it. Not a ch now. Anyway, anyways, so yeah it was a real, real smooth So. I right there took me where I needed to be happy to be home. I wasn't gonna miss this broadcast. Wasn't gonna miss this broadcast. Sounds like doing it foot adventure. Doing it. The broke way. I got here like 2 30, 3 30 I. don get me outta here. Outta here. Nah, planes have really been fucking up. Yes. you know a lot of 'em, they going on strike like It is like not a strike, strike strike.


It's a semis strike to where at their eight hour cutoff. It's a wrap. They not, they not doing no ot, no nothing. So my peoples was coming home from Portugal and they was at the gate about the board. People said, yo, we had our eighth, eighth hour, The crew time out. We Going home. Yo, That's what happened with the fucking combo flight. Yes. That's why they, because I'm like, yo, where's the happened? Where's the weather bad at? They like, yo, no, the crew just timed out. Came late. Did what they wanted left early Where they used to. They would, they would sacrifice and be like, yo, we gonna do it anyway. No, no, no. Is it a money thing? They want more money. Yeah. Yeah. Got it. So anyway, I do think that we should again do a group Cabo trip.


You guys would've loved this beautiful place. Oh I'm sure. Y'all gotta, y'all gotta to see what I vacate. Like y'all have to experience that for y'all. I'm what? Honestly. And we'll do the jet next time. Both ways. Good. We Out both ways next year. Yeah. You chip in nigga put your little TD bank card on the table. Screw Look. Decline. Decline. But beautiful time out there. I, I hear Canelo won one. You did Mexican independence. That's funny. Motherfuckers. That's Crazy. What else happened? What else happened? What else happened? Y'all still didn't tell me just how bad Bryce Young should beat up Tyree Maxey.


That's, He shouldn't, he shouldn't let, he shouldn't. No he shouldn't. Let's see, let's see. St Lunatics Elli over Country. Grammar. Yeah. Yeah. Over the album. It wasn't just Country Grammar the album. It was song. It was songs on the album. Yeah. Eight Joint They co-wrote the non slaps Eight Joints. No, No. Ride With Me was one of 'em. No Ride With Me was a Slap. Oh I didn't see that one. Yeah. Yeah. How much is The loss? They credited on robbery with Me. 50 million? No it, they wasn't a part of Ride With Me. It was another dude. That Thick Girl was another. I'll get the song. Y'all Got it. I think it was another dude that was a part of riding with me and they said that's what prompted them. Oh you right. Yeah you right. That's what prompted them to look into it. The one dude had sued that he didn't get paid over Ride with me in 2020. And they said when he said that they went to go look and be like, Oh Shit, we ain't get paid neither.


What's up? And they said I'm not. That was Batter Up. That was the hit. It was Batter Up thickie Thick Girl and steal the show. Which I love all those Records I'm on. I'm on the St. Lunatics side in this one. Me too, Me too. If they did, if I wrote some shit on here and this album is Diamond maybe multiple times over at this point Worldwide. Nah. Who They gonna get the money from? The label The Nelly I. don know they said they kept asking Nelly and his people was like, yo, what's up yo, what's up? And he was just like, yeah, yeah, yeah we got you. Like blowing 'em off. Pause. Yeah. They discovered that not only did they not receive any credit as authors and slash or creators of the original composition, but that Nelly and others took full credit for creating the original composition.


Yeah, That's tough. Some niggas still reading stuff. Yeah. He don't even ask us. You can just take Nope. That's why I fucking with you. right. I need That. I need that On purpose. I'm looking for shit to read now. Yeah. Talk. I don't have, I don't have a take here. I totally agree with the lunatics. They do need to be paid. I do understand how It is When you building though? Yeah you building. Don't nobody got This shit. This shit didn't fly. We do all, all hands on deck. I get that too. But it's been 20 something years and But when he keeps reassuring y'all like, yo, I got, I got, I'm gonna make, I'm gonna make it right basically. Okay. And then you don't And then they find out like all this time like Oh Shit, we ain't get no credit. Yeah.


You never fixed it. And like Park said album That is Diamond. We don't know how much money he made from the album. So let's just say he made 50 mil, a hundred mil, whatever the case may be. I don't know how that numbers go but yo my nigga, my 3 million could be used. So now Something, you know what I'm saying? You might have made a hundred. I'll take 1.5. Whatever the case may be Now. Damn now, now I'm listening to y'all. I might be splitting how I feel now. Yeah we know. I mean When you, sorry, There's there's, there's a halo effect that some people have. Nelly clearly had a halo effect like Nelly was the anointed one. True. That's per them one two. I don't know how Nelly negotiated for them and with them after that Country Grammar album.


Like when Air Force one and when they went on they run. I don't know how much of that was Nelly saying here. Like maybe that's what the got you meant. I'm not gonna get you on my album 'cause I'm 10 million in and I'm eating but on y'all shit maybe I'm No but It can't be because I understand what you're saying. Like maybe his payment, I'm gonna look y'all out. I'm gonna look y'all out. But they said they found out in 2020, they haven't had a project out since 2020. And he's saying Yo, I got you. I got you. I'm gonna take care of you. If his response would've been, yo nigga I did X, Y, Z for you, that was me paying you back. True. You get what I'm saying? That's true. What did they think prior to 2020? I wonder. They Didn't know. They didn't know. They said they didn't know nothing until homeboy sued him for ride with Me.


That's a little bit negligent though. Yeah. So something is off there. Yeah. So that's a little bit negligent. And artists do be Negligent. Could be insurance. Yeah, could be. Yeah. But mean you're negligent. You're negligent in the beginning because you guys are creating together to you know, help somebody or help the person in front become successful. And on top of that it's just later on the same shit I was talking about earlier, later When, you start discovering shit. Niggas want to double back and change the the He might've just gave him some bread up front. Yeah. Or, or or right when it popped off he might've gave him some bread. Yeah. And they thought this was payment for this. And then you get more information. Learn, learn business. How like what we never got, oh wait, we supposed to get publishing, we supposed to get this, we supposed to get that. And he been saying he was gonna take care of that. We never Got it.


So now over time we should have made X amount of money because you, you, you might have thought that original money front was all you get. Not knowing that you still get paid off of this album. True. And the no, the no credit shit hurts too. 'cause I I, that shit could be some shit where you go sit down with someone to get some type of deal or something else else And yo I wrote ride with me. No you didn't. I'm looking at the credit right here. Your name's not on there. Fuck yeah. Yeah that's mine dog. Yeah I Get it, I get it, I get it. I get it. If he say he is gonna take care of it then I do agree. So how do they prove that though? How do they prove what part of the song that they wrote? I have no idea. Lyrics wise Composition. How do they prove that if it was like, you know we were still in like the super duper building phase at that time.


There's probably not a whole lot of Paper trail. Maybe there's a track Niggas be winning 'cause I remember winning niggas from my hood Su Lauren and they won. Well and according to the suit, Nelly has done interviews in the past however many years saying It. Saying that. Saying that okay they have written and contributed to this project. Yeah. So like yeah like I look at right now and just for example I looked at batter up composer says Jason Epperson and Steve Will, Steve Willis, I don't know who they are. Arthurs Nelly. And then it says featured artist me, Steve Wil Will W-I-L-L-S. Wills. Wills Got probably producers. It don't, it just says Arthur Nelly featured artist Murphy Lee Ali No pub.


Yeah You get What I'm saying? No pub. So yeah you realize oh wait I'm supposed to get some pub too. Yeah I will see that's tricky. Yeah if they put this feature but didn't gimme writing credit, that's that's tricky. Yeah you gotta pay That and you might not know 'cause you might think you did get credit because it says featuring. Right. You just don't know the inner workings of none of that shit. True. Pay them. Yeah Pay up get 'em Right. Yeah. I hate to see that they was friends 'cause them niggas grew up together. you know what I'm saying? Don't come to me looking for some 2001 money nigga. Lemme show you where, where I spent your money at. You wanna ride with me? Fuck you.


And I ain't saying that they wrong. I'm on they side. It is just tough. It is tough to get money from 20 years, 2001 20 years ago the money gone. The nigga getting married and had had a baby. Shit getting expensive over there. Sorry Murphy Lee I'm keeping your coin. He was On that record. Dude You gotta sue them niggas you got. I mean you gotta sue him. You gotta song I fuck with because not only that because if I'd have got my pug credit, like I said I've been getting paid over the years. True. I ain't getting none of that. So they could be adding that up to say over interest in this amount of time. Inflation, all that I should have made X nigga you getting married. That's what I want. You getting married in Cabo. I might got married in Cincinnati nigga 'cause I ain't getting none of that money.


Fuck wrong with you. Hm? Yeah. You married in Cincinnati, you married in Cincinnati's. Fucked hell dog. I'm not going to your wedding. No. No disrespect. I'm not gonna your wedding You. No I'm not. I could give you a list of weddings. I've declined. I'm not going to your wedding. You fucked up son Or honest. You're fucked. Look at that. Now I get married and nigga Brooklyn nigga come through. I don't go to Brooklyn just on a regular. I ain't, I wanna see my man there. Fuck. I'm going there for a marriage. I Want to see my man there Not in Brooklyn. Pay to have a nice one. Which Brooklyn You Can. That's not up to you nigga. Why don't you help me pay for the Next, it's up to me if I go. I thought He ain't trying to trick me.


Yeah, have a Nice must. I thought you what? You thought you were paid for it. I Thought I would. I thought I did help. Thought I was helpful. That's you. You say you talked. Yeah you see how you talk. You say you talk. That's Bad. Yes nigga. Why is that bad? You don't remind niggas that I thought I did nigga that's not the point. The point is show up no matter where It is at. Not show up the fucking Ian shit nigga. Where was it nigga? And Let me tell you Something. Where was it at? If the second he tried to renew a bow, guess who's not gonna be there. I told him too. Him and his wife listen right now. I told him listen out to them. He pressed me buddy. No he now he pressed me too. I think a lovely wedding. Yeah he didn't have a good wedding but meatballs are different.


He said I heard what you guys said about me on high. Maybe the meatballs with like the gravy. Not our gravy. you know the gravy and the Vy one. Oh Shit And and they miniature is smaller than ours. Like they Ain't put, they ain't put that gravy. Yo. You stupid. That was funny. Racist. That was racist but it was funny talking about nigga whatcha doing. I ain't say yo You can relate to them nigga. You can I can't. You can skin wise. No I can't. Nice girl. Man Fuck wrong nigga. That's why you see that's where you act like that. Yo you stupid So. I be that's that's gonna be gay if I say that. But that's why you act like that you It is not only the eyes in the and the tongue and the lips nigga It is some yo, what's wrong?


You too confident When. you walk outside you way too. He too confident. He be giving shit away. You like he took it? Huh? Another you like him? No don don't like him like no that's my man. I don't like it. You say I'm obsessed with this nigga now. Huh? You freak. It's not just he way. That's thet shit. Attributes and you kind of tall extra confident. Nah girl tonight with the Susan b Anthony's next door. He he's still on Ish. You trying to really beat that obsessed allegation shit.


Shit. Nah I'm not your up. Are you finished? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yo. This guy's nuts. Yo. Them Mexican mosquitoes had a blast from my as shit. Yo. Hey all that vacation shit is cool till you walk out there at five of him to smoke and sit down on that little comfy beach here. They got set up Oh Shit like no ciella Killer Bees on the swarm Niggas can taste the Tomahawk. So now I'm sitting there spraying all the fucking citronella shit all over me looking stupid. I look like I got alien marks on me. I believe You. I believe you.


Yo. One of my workers said yo to me. You do you know his name. Yeah. I ain't gonna say his name on the name. I just making sure. Nigga said yo, you eat too much of candy. They said yo Muske nigga. The nigga. The nigga said yo nigga you eat too much candy, the mosquitoes gonna fuck with you based on what you eat. That nigga said yo look, they no bite me. You got that's nigga You over racism for sure. Nigga the for you yo. Ridiculous shit. Shit. God Happy birthday to my mom. The round of applause.


Lemme hit the round of applause. Hey happy birthday. My mom too. Hey happy birthday to Amani man. We miss Amani's birthday. Your birthday if you're listening. Oh my God. Yo. Who birthday? My vacation was so lit. When I was sitting outside on that vacation. Come to Bcia with a mosquitoes was fucking me up. And I saw a male Wish Amani happy birthday. Did anybody see it? I I did. It was on Cameo Oh. Shit. Hey yo. What's up with you? Yo, Yo. Fuck you.


That was good. You seen Cock Sucker? No, nobody seen it. Me. I seen it And it's gone now. Shit, you got the internet up. Okay. Saved you. Did you save it Saved? No nigga, we the fo. Yeah. Stupid. That's nigga. Yo, yo, you're an idiot yo. Alright. Nothing is wrong with you. You're a fucking nutcase sir. You Are crazy. Yo. You nutcase ain't Stop. Stop this. Stop this right now. Well wait.


Were you hacked? Wait, said were you hacked? Why is it gone? Huh? It was story. You were hacked. It was story. I was not hacked. I did it. So, so what'd she do? She made a montage. A montage. you know how he'd be doing This shit with like the stitches or it's like oh the jumpy shit and all that. Yeah, whatever. She one of that for him. It was a real it that I turned into a story Pick. Yeah. It was her and ass was swooshing and fucking ass out. The tion effects. And it was boom.


I had to start thinking all our birthdays. I seen that shit. Y'all remember nothing. Parks When. you. I pay You next month. I pay you I. think that shit. Your shit just passed. Your shit just passed the other day. And my shit was in June day. I did one was in January, right? July. Yo. Right. And you pay yo Oh Shit. This is the case. Wait, wait, wait. So I did one. I did one for him last year And I got in the same situation. Wait, Did you get it? I'm joking. I'm joking. Mel. This nigga is an idiot.


Yo, I got a question for y'all. It's not just flip. I have a question for y'all. Honestly. Say what, what are We up here? That's A good question. Are we friends? I, I, I I don know I don Dunno anymore. Coworkers. I'm lost options. don don't know the answer. don don't know. don don't know the answer. What, what are we? Yeah, we need to, we need to find that. If I understand what we are, I'll know how to process things. Yeah, yeah. I'm with you. No, you can't wish happy birthday like that. What? Yo because you know why girlfriends is so dope to have.


It is nothing wrong here but you can't even go to your girl and defend No, no. Something that's just like No, no, no. Normal. Yeah. I be trying to tell my girl yo. No, the girl is no caters to me. That's bad. I good. I wouldn't have, you could've used a better verb. I I that's a better verb to Be used. Yeah. I'm losing that fight. Yes. She took that and old girl might lose fight too. She jet on a Friday. you know my baby, she wasn't playing. Anyway, I'm done because I'm having too much fun now.


Oh Shit, Mel. You are the greatest yo You can you gonna get, they gonna jump, you know, one day five given You. You gonna be here for pod's given? I Sure am. Oh yes. All right, great. They going to stomp you. Ow. Downstairs? Yeah. Oh. Shit. Okay. I don't have nothing else. And, and Boyden. I don. I don't. And if y'all just let sit here, keep talking. Shit does start coming back to me. I just forgot about, I was on vacation. I shot at that cross eye nigga. Bye. Put my phone down. I was at, I was a menace on vacation.


Who let it go? Some people don't need vacation. It go. You shot at. Oh you not. Oh I saw that Shit. Yeah. Who? You not cool with that nigga? I'm not cool with nobody. Nigga Io is odd. Really? Did that or was that like Photoshop? Don don't know. My brother don don't know. I'm having too much fun now. Io is it Talking Yo. What baby? I love you. Okay. Okay. I didn't know that. And I had a blast. Good on vacation. Good, good. There you go. And you enjoyed the ride home. Wait show y'all male. Shit, I saved it. I hate to scream record. She, she, You know he's exaggerating.


you know he is exaggerating. I bet you know he is. Yeah. Anyway, What's your little response? Where's my phone at? Lemme see what else is on my list here. Maxie. Oh that's, that's why. Okay. Got it. That's why you said over. Oh man. That's why you said over there quiet today. I got you. You two far away nigga. I wasn't gonna stop. I didn't get at you. I ain't get at you far away. Yeah, We'll talk to him in a second. Yeah, you Far away. Oh, WGE retires. Yes. That's Great. Well he's moving on to St. Bon Ventures A different role. Yeah. Yeah. He's like let me clap it up. 'cause that's a big deal. Yeah. He's going to St. Bon of Ventures. Yes. His alma mater.


I think he's moving to some type of athletic over, he Got a roll over there. Don't make me, he got a roll in. Same bonger. Am I saying that right? Violent A ventures. He left 20 million on the table in his deal. Oh. Wow. He had, you know he signed that big deal with ESPN. He left two years. 20 mil on the table. 20 mil per or 10? No, no. Total It. is that white? That white. 20 million left. It is that white? He walked away from the Way I saw Dan Lard pey it. He's saying that a lot of people that were in ES, ESPN have been at ESPN in a media slash journalistic position and job title are maybe growing tired of the, what he described.


It was a frat house vibe That is moving towards with Pat McAfee and the athletes over there. And these guys kinda used to run the show and now the athlete guys are running the show. It was interesting. Gotcha. Send you all the clip. I could see that. Well how old you painted it. 'cause he did write a letter. He was like, yo, I'm tired of being away from my family. Missing key moments. I'm tired of showering with the phone held up. So I could receive and report on You Information that breaking news. I've been a slave to This shit for forever. And this is my true passion and I'm gonna pursue it. Even if that's not the full truth. I'm sure it's Classy. I'm sure it's a little bit of everything. Point one 0.8 a year. I mean 1.8 a month.


It's a lot to turn down my nigga For answering some texts. Word That Is not to minimize. I know. We, you know, you know what I mean? Frenemies Morning It is more than 21.8 in more than 20. That Ain't bad. Don't say the dude. I mean don don't know the full Capacity. Nah, he worked. you know I'm saying that's what he did. He worked the Sacramento Kings did a great sendoff for him. Like describing how he broke down their rebuild and just them acquiring all the players that they have now. A bunch of teams sent him off, shouted them out. He does open the door for Shams to get a big contract from ESPN.


Shams has been Wge is Shams mentor. They worked together before and then they kind of been frenemies or opposition for each other. So I. Like one person leaving, opening up the door for your man to get, get that big deal And Shams is great. Go wge man. Yeah, it Works. Yeah. Go wge. Sad sad day. Sad day. Lot of reshuffling. The seats. Yep. Lot, lot of reshuffling. The seats. I can't say sad day. I mean if, if I'm taking his, his reasoning him at his word. Yeah, that's, that's actually dope As a selfish consumer. Okay. Not, not for him and his family. Not not for them, but wo and shams give us the draft.


Of course. Of Course. Three minutes before the tv. They, they had, that's why they had to. I like that shit. They had To go ahead and pale. He was Killing him. I'd be pissed off as a Giants fan long before the TV. Tell me I should be pissed off. Yeah. He was killing This shit. I was like, yeah, go woes man. Sad day. But congratulations man. Congratulations. I don't think I have anything else that I need to get off here. I don't. Did y'all see the Menendez brothers? I watched the first two. I watched the first one. I wasn't, I mean, I knew the story not in detail. Ly was wild. Really? I didn't, I was young when that happened.


He was inside. I was also a first grader. Six. Yeah. I mean there's just been a lot of like Documentation. I don't watch that shit. Shit. Okay. Got it Got it Got it Got it. That's all. There ain't no drilling docs Actually. It's all drill. That's all they're about. Actually it's opposite. But, but nah. I just, I didn't realize like This shit is good. It is good. It's the same people that did Dahmer and I'm on this tonight. Yeah. They got too. Absolutely love Dahmer. And I love, love, I love any doc about the Menez Brothers. See I have Any doc about 'em. Any smoke, Remember hearing about the Yeah. Reenacting Even better. Dahmer Even better. It's the same Series. Monster or whatever. Great.


Oh great, great. Yeah. Great. 'cause they did a fuck of a job again. I did watch both episodes of the Aaron Hernandez shit that's On. It's only Two. Only two so far. They premiered with two. Okay. Got it Got it And it's on fx. I didn't Know that was out. I'm gonna watch that On fx. They're doing a good job. One, I just, I always forget double entendre. All the killers that were on that Florida team. Yeah. The fucking squad. What might be the best team is God Damn. That's one of the best teams. Irv Meyer. They, they went on a run and they are doing a lot of folk. They are doing a lot of, they letting that F bomb fly. They are, They Let that F bomb fly. Like they're trying to bring it back, huh?


Yes. Oh yes. This guy. Yeah. Okay. All Right. Tell me go. There is a very strong Focus Or burn the building down. Lemme go. I'll say I just wanna Sorry, you're Waiting again. Yeah, they letting that, they letting that fly in there. There's a lot of focus on their sexuality. Oh, for Mel raised that point outside. I don't know if you could tell this story though, without focusing on it. I Think that was supposed to be a huge part of it. you know, there's gonna be a lot of people, you know the conspiracy theorists that think that, you know, there's a homosexual agenda on television and it's Execut Executively produced by Ryan Murphy.


So they're gonna make that con don Don't know what that means. Glee assassination of Johnny Versace. Like they're just, they're gonna make that another great, They smoked that one. Yeah. Another great series. That's one of the greatest series that I probably have ever Heard seen. He's American Horror Story. Like that's all Ryan Murphy. Oh Shit. Oh Shit. Okay. People versus oj. Oh, he's him. Yeah, he's he's super him. Yeah. So I expect this to be great then. I don't care if they focus on us. No, I mean it's, it's great storytelling. And that's Like Joe said, that was a major part of, from what I remember, right? From what, from what the people said I Think that was the impetus behind some of This shit. Yeah. But I mean, if I remember correctly, I feel like it gets discovered later. So what it does is it just like, there's a strong focus on his life and lovers that he had an anonymous gay sex that he had and how much of it, of a part of his life it actually was, you know, kind of alludes to the fact that his wife was a beard or a fiance.


That he really was just gay. Yeah, I think on episode one they fucking, on episode one they showed him like having like a orgy with some guys and some girl. He, it was all the athletes with girls, but they showed him, he kept looking at the dudes to stay hard. Like while shorty was on him looking at some male ass to stay erect. That's what I mean is like the, like they allude to, to a lot of things, things. That is gratuitous. Not illusion. That's what I'm saying. It's a very gratuitous because there's things that, there's no way that they could know. So like in the locker room, when all the guys are like in various states of undress and him with this kind of thirsty look on his face when he's seeing things go down, how the fuck do you know that that happened?


Do you know what I mean? Or, Or maybe hindsight is 2020. So When, you go to revisit shit that happened and you start interviewing the players and they're like, you know what I did always You did you To be, he was over there on rock all the time. You know what I'm saying? Like On a rock. I also watched something called the Secret Couple on Netflix. I started We Huh? The Perfect couple. The perfect couple. I watched that. Listen, we in September, so we getting fire shows back. Yeah. We had our drought. The drought is over. It's a lot there. It was a lot. I watched What is the Perfect couple? Perfect couple. Yeah. Watched the whole thing really good on some quirky white family type shit. They dragged This shit to me.


I didn't think they drag with every, with every passing episode. Once you saw that every member of this family and show was on bullshit, it, it was pretty suspenseful to me in a quirky way. It made the opening theme song continue to make sense. And the dance choreography, the pointing at a criminal, your criminal, your criminal, all that shit they did that sounds Weird to me. But maybe I Gotta finish as it goes on the, the, the intro makes sense. But anyway, boo Boo The Fool is me, SPOILER, ALERT. Anything that Nicole Kidman is in, I think the bitch did it. Same. She look evil. Anything that Nicole Kidman is in, she looks evil. She looks evil, she acts evil. She, she's a great actress too.


That's the First thing I said when she walked on the screen And she be doing that shit sometimes. So Nicole Kidman, I'm all the way to episode eight. It's her, I Had it as, it's her SPOILER ALERT. I had it as a, the, the, the dude will in the beginning, the kid. That's why I Oh, the city Youngest son. I was immediately when, when, when the girl broke up with him, they clowned him up. I'm like, oh. And then the one, the chick was being nice to him at the pool and I was like, okay, I'm guessing what happened. He interpreted that as something else and she was like, nah dog. I was just getting some influencer pictures off. And then he snapped My girl, episode four says they did it. And I say, there's been nothing to show that. Why do you think that?


Like you just a weirdo, shut up. Sure enough, she was right. They did It. There is Easter eggs. How The fuck she called? Not when she caught it. By the time in the beginning, the story in, by the time the story kept going, that girl, ah, I blew it. That girl is a little awkward. She is. She's and and she's a mean girl. Yes, very much so. And she's a mean girl. But there was east, there was a, there was something that happened in the first episode that lets you, I wanna say second episode that lets you know that it was her. What was it again? If you're at home, we're talking about the perfect couple on Netflix. Starr. Nicole Kidman. Nicole Kidman. Even. Even though she didn't do it, she smoked that shit. She did. She really did. She is great. She is. She really is great. She's fantastic. Has anybody seen industry? No. Everybody in their mother keeps saying Industry is fire.


I gotta watch it. I'm, I'll start it. I'm gonna tell you it's got a lot of homosexual sex in it. So. I might actually like it. Why? If there's homo homosexual sex in It. Well, you guys know, that's kind of like my game. That's a bad, that's a thing I did not know That was a thing. We Talk. Yeah, she like watching dudes And pouring in shows. Not in real life. Got Well, it's a TV show. Anyways. I heard it's amazing Last show to watch Documentary Lost Daughter. You're not gonna fucking believe it. It's two episodes. That's not Netflix, right? That shit is wild. It's on my little list, but I ain't started yet. It's, it's wild. It's about this, it's, I'm not gonna kill this story, but it's basically about this woman who gives her daughter up for adoption and then she gets word from this law enforcement agency that wants to test her DNA to see if the bones that they've requi they've found are her daughters.


And she's like, wait, what the fuck? What happened? Like, you know, so it turns out that it's not her daughter, but then she looks up, her daughter figures it out by like her birthdate and finds out that her daughter's been missing for 20 something years. And so she decides to go down this rabbit hole to try to figure out what happened to her daughter. And yo, I watched it. This story's crazy. This is, I started this It is good. Yeah, it's really You said two episodes. Rights. Two episodes. We might watch it night It is really good. You Started the penguin shit on HBOI have not. I heard good things though. I know. I'm gonna watch it. I I didn't start it either. I've heard good things. I didn't, I didn't just drop HBO Don't miss you. They really don't. Nope. They don't miss. That's why I was thinking about the industry shit because it's HBO.


Right? And they don't, they really do they thing. Well listen lot of TV out there for you guys to watch some good shit. Find something that you're liking. Power's back. I mean, I know y'all Don't dog. I know, I know. It is good. I'm gonna go watch it. You The last of the Mohicans Boy. Watch some, some of y'all last, The last, the last season, last fucking five episodes By Humbold May as well, Right? Yeah. I'm gonna watch at some point been invested this far. Might as well. While we are on television shows, let's shout out the entire cast of Abbott's Elementary. Yes to it. Lord. Lord have mercy. Big pay raises for everybody. Let me find it. Where is it? Here we go.


Cast of Abbott Elementary has received huge pay raises for season four. Quinta Brunson. Three 50 to 400 K per episode. Cheryl e Ralph Tyler, James Williams, two 50 k per episode. And Lisa Ann Walter, Chris Perty and Janelle James. 200,000 per episode. Williams Stanford Davis. $100,000 per episode. Round of applause. Wow. One active class. One. I'm gonna get on some TV one way or another. Go active class immediately.


Juliet. Juliet What? That'll get it. I know. Get it done. I'd love to see the three of you in acting class. That would be awesome. Oh Shit. Acting class is fun. I'm Gonna find out if you end up being good. It's fun. I'm gonna find out. Alright, I'm done y'all. I don't have anything else that I need to talk to y'all about. I don't. I'll save all this Andrew Schultz bullshit for later. Okay. Okay. D one. Put me in a verse. He did, He did. I will play that just because if I had to sit through it, y'all do too. I heard it. I Heard it. Oh well hear it again Don. Don't care what these people think. I'm trying to make these people think Kendrick, we flipping tables man.


Alright y'all done turn of this culture trash. So-called lessons. Ain't no legend. don don't care if they sold millions. Are you hearing they message poisoning our whole community. Everybody hypnotized. Why you think nobody respect black people? No your your best. I love New Orleans, my city but I love God. We more don don't care if none of y'all with me. We celebrate being stupid and everybody's so gangster. But When, you clock in for that white man. You be on your best behavior. Hold on. Yeah. Most immediate people lying. Y'all wasn't never really, really cool before you got inside of this here game. It is y'all. You ain't helping nobody. Go tell Joe Button. I'm on a mission so don't put in Joe. Man. I'm going.


I hate don't but in joke. Don't don't butt in. Don't butt in. Get It because your name is Yeah, Buting and like But. yeah man. I'm not He won. That's right. He won D one won. Shout out to D one. Shout out to Lecrae. He bought your shit. Lecrae sounds great. Cree shit was dope. Why didn't D one just just loop up fire? Find the loop. Fire. Fire. You ain't getting me. That nigga name is like we used to have to go in the bathroom and say Bloody Mary Virgin Mary three times spin around Virgin Mary. No, no. What was, it was about to jump yours.


Bloody Mary I gotta Got it big gold. You Got it. I married Holy Sleepers. Sorry all fuck you. Let's get it. Alright. I am going into my throwback bag. Well new age throwback. I guess I'm playing him. Vi very vital mistake. Him did mimicking her. Her took off. Him did not Hoopy Daisy.


Now ironically, you might have to rebrand and come back with your real name or a different name. Kind of like her did. I love music. Music is great. But him did have some joints when he stopped trying to be her. And this is one of those records. This song is called Habits by him. It is my shit too.


I love that Love So I So I in the, if I take too.


So That was brand new old music by him.


That record is called Habits and don don't know where you get it from right now. It might be in your phone. That might have been a SoundCloud Instagram. Who knows? don don't know Instagram. Who knows anymore. But look for it. Habits. It is hard. Shout to him. Shout To him. All right man. I'm going to Detroit. This is the re, the record is called Detroit Tee Grizzley featuring four two Dugg. Oh yeah. You hear me? What up? These niggas the fuck up man.


I'm from Detroit where we call peels be. We call bodies hats. We call the type of bitches that Y niggas fuck with rats bro. Remind me to go take a couple links off the roll baby GRE is touching song. I'm gonna tos this bitch to bro. You do think bro and movie writers how they strike Strike. We don't fear no man unless that man sitting out indictments So I know nigga never had a job talking about retiring. I be in a trap with old heads. That's Richard and Joe. Nigga don't fuck with me dog. But don't fuck with me dog. That pain, nobody want to feel. That's what we cause bro. Come and throw your shit on the glass and slide off. Hey your peoples in the hospital crying punch in the wall. That ain't neither. What we though. We trying to ball label trying to re-up. Tell him we could jump on the car. But you know what type of numbers I'm talking that shit ain't small.


Ain't the same dirty nigga used to be fighting at the mall nigga. Lamb truck, belly truck rose truck that bag around car insurance game. These boys ain't got no problem crashing out. If your lady back, Papa whi her if you let her out, I catch her out. I make her suck it til she cry. Lash out. I think thank God life for me completely changed. I could finally see the life spent my whole life in the rain. They say that I stole shit making gangster for this pain. My response to that shit. I wish the police thought to say Rich, but I'm still a street nigga. Like my WA wheel treats bad bitches like some coins I can head and tails no cat instead of one Bing up our intention nails matter of fact 12 now year. My bitch gonna give them hell We talk them niggas it was TI bought an Mt. We up and them tenting being GG Serious the last three years.


I don't care if he was shot. Nigga keep steering. I don't care if niggas morning do something. Shit getting spent all month for my two honey money. New money, money too cheap, free smoke free shirts and free suits. YI heard about you. They say you ain't really on how you mixing Liz and got no hat. We more hats nigga on right. Move wrong nigga I. don want no with you. That plan We on nigga that I really get I'm on Jet for. my nigga gonna stretch.


Who Again? That record is Detroit, Tee. Grizzley four two dog. All right I'm going upstate. This is Crew for Hire which is Anthony. Kannon. MBK Richie and Book of Dawn Spare. My. Brother Operation Crew for hire. I ain't sparing anyone heard the cops talking on the dispatch. No Survivors Open fire. It is a job for the professionals profit off the go. Watch 'em while they win. Ineptitude talking like you heard If I shout a mis spec making the decimal, I'm trying get something you should never do.


Especially if I'm the one who fed you fool. Once I spark at hell, I'm in a better mood. Who you disrespectful to? Everyone in here. Respect is except for you. Let's tell the truth. Ain't nobody check for you. Nobody Got it check for you. You never been connected or accepted. I'm exceptional. The they put me on pedestal. Niggas not fake with the chemical. Fuck he said niggas now raw flow full of cut. That's your bitch. I laid my first hold in the butt. Shoot it like cold in the clutch. My heart cold like them cuts. We strong. Like I rolled up some dust Uhuh from the laying of the nobody. Listen, I won't hit if she got nobody. If she think IS murder that like I know Bobby with the ball like I know Scottie pushing P everywhere like a porta potty move more like Gotti.


This aint a clinic. When they pull up to a baller body. Every time I switched my style I cover Porta. Robbie, I'm Morgan Ga Davi. You was more like Gandhi. I was more like uncle. It was more like auntie shit, you really gotta die if you trying to find me because I've been living in the hell, hoping God could find me My brother. If gang send the Addie then I'm dead as shit. Fuck who niggas ing with Crew for hire calls for the hit. We don't never miss try to do My bad. I doing worse. That's how we settle it and tried it once and they gonna try it twice. If you don't check This shit specialist more perks than the war zone weapon list. We on. They like Ja get a head of Twist t real nigga Club check the membership this life.


But there's a definite, if God ain't looking out for me, I pray looking out for them. My bro just part of two to four. Glad the judge was sparing him because it's a dirty game but it's a game we gotta play to win because Brody kids they gotta eat and ain't nobody saving them with your life flight on the book. I swear they life likes I could tell some niggas sell they souls for the right price in the cri money on the floor like it's dice night. Respectfully. We're not the same boy. I'm nice. Nice nigga. That's crew for hire. Spare. My Brother album out now. Big-ish. You produced that. I did Made that from scratch. That's a sample I'm going to Jordin Sparks song is called Fast Forward.


I need to fast forward need because this is way down me. And instead what can we Beat other's? Rock and we over every little thing I gotta take on the aggression.


you know what I'm guessing it's Can we edit out then what scenes we on the script and it's let's do this Thing. you know You can do Much better. We up the everything I like and dream we Know Let's not both be tri.


This could get exciting. Let's get We on Nerve As Jordin Sparks.


Fast forward. Nice little vibe, nice little vibe. Big Mel. Ooh la la la. Mine is called 11th Hour by Hailey Knox Never said what you me. So The best You but So I got stop thinking about me.


Obviously That's Hailey Knox.


11th hour A vibe. Indeed. I stepped away. But that did sound a little vibey. It Was super vibey. Who won your Ish? Well, I mean I'll let you be the judge. It was two different sounds. Oh, I gotta listen. That means she lost. Yeah. Oh no. I Gotta listen to her playback. Can't sound confident. Yeah, it didn't sound like she smoked it. Yeah. Eva like you know I'm Running outta your little alternative slaps, ain't you? I am not. I have a whole plethora. A whole folder plethora. Yes. I believe You don't, don't let me get in my Tame Impala bag. There we go. I have been anybody Dying to play Tame Impala? Old?


Anybody White? Shut up. Are they white? Tam Impala? They're from Australia. Tam Impala. So Yes. Tame Impala. I had no clue. Tam Paula, who is this need to Tam your poll? Good show guys. How do you guys feel about About our effort today? We did good. We did good. I think We did great. I think we did the job. Did great. Good to be back. Good to be back. Could be back. They say the footage is out. What footage of Of Puff's arrest? Puff's Arrest. I haven't Seen it yet. It's not in 4K. It's a little grainy. Oh, Okay. What hotel was that? The Hyatt nigga.


Never. It looked like a, it looked like a smooth as though it looked like a Hey buddy. you know Time It is walk this way. Yeah, it looked like one of those. Okay. It didn't look hostile is what I'm saying. It wasn't, I mean, anytime they pull you away from your family, it hostile. But you know it wasn't made a scene. It was, yeah. Come, come On this way without, without incident. As they say. You heard the run DMC song. come on, walk this way. Don't run. Hey You can be Aerosmith. Run DMC pick one. Is that Aerosmith? Yeah, that was Aerosmith nigga. Yeah. It is safe to fuck with a I love Aerosmith. Don't tell me they did some racist shit. Nah, I'm not rolling. Don don't. don don't Know. I'm still riding. don don't Know. They just retired. What? No.


Huh? Alright. You not on mic nigga. I'm not rolling. All the rock and roll niggas did that though. They still doing it. And The rappers Look at you, including the blacks. Yeah. Look at you. Including the blacks. Look at me talking about rock and roll. Like that ain't ours. Life is tricky. Yo. Mm. Pop Pop would've been on your phone right away as soon As he heard that too. Yeah, no that's true. Yeah. Don't let this rock for a little bit, man. Turn this off.


Mic check. 1, 2, 1 2. Mic check. 1, 2, 1, 2. Ah Goodbye. Today. If you made it this far, thank you for listening. For those of you just tuning in, fuck y'all You. If you press that little 15 second skip button. Too much this far. Fuck you. Hey, They don't know what's going on. Just trust me with the vibes man. Gimme the offset all time. Hey Look at Mel head nod. I love Mel. Yeah, you got the fucking Waynes world head nod.


They wasn't there. They wasn't there. They wasn't there. Man. It is cool. It is cool. And in my fucking Mexico they was playing on my Phil Collins. Slap So. I. Got. it ended. I Got it. They knew I was getting in the car. Yeah, yeah. It is hating. They don't do it in Portugal. Yeah. Mike check. Mike, check Mike check. Huh? It like my first pick at the racial draft. What? Okay, I'm trading one of you niggas for Phil Collins. You stupid as hell by you trading somebody for Phil Collins. Muggsy Boes is somebody too. What shit? Mugsy Bos. You wouldn't trade Mugsy Boes for Phil Collins and the racial draft.


Stop it. Ish. I'm trying to think of somebody better than Phil Collins. Nigga For Muggsy Bos Muggsy got Buckets in Baltimore. Stop it. We're Not trading Phil Collins for Mugsy. Bos you to sweeten the deal. Damn. What the mug Ish talking about? Oh Man. Respect dude. To Muggsy Bogues. Damn. I'm trying to think of an appropriate trade now. Who do we want For Phil? We gotta give him somebody serviceable. Chris Bosch A ball player for a drummer, a producer a You gotta be a musician. I need some Art. I need some art Cameo. No, you Know what, I'll sweet it up case.


That's fucked up. Hey You can have case that's Fucked up. That's Wait, what? How many cases nigga? Fuck is You talking shit. Wait, wait, Wait Way twice. That's a bad deal. That's a bad. I love case for who? Who's the bad deal for? I love Case. It's Not a bad deal for the blacks, for the whites. That's a bad deal for the whites. Well they been, they stealing it from us. Don Jones. Fuck. I'm not giving up Joe. He said Darnell Jones never. No, no. He can go. No, no, nah. You can get Darnell and Case if we can. Phil Collins I don Dunno about that. Yeah, no Slap Phil Collins got Are y'all high?


Huh? What side you are y'all crazy? Who? I'm not giving Up to? Niggas. Bill Collins. Phil Collins. Phil Collins. Phil Collins is great. Are You high? I said He's that nigga. Right. You've giving up Case and Donne Jones for Phil Col. The You. if you the if You. if you the Bailey. Wait no. Huh? Earth Wind and Fire. I said Philip, what did you say? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Little mixed girl. He Said I said Philip Bailey, Philip Bailey, easy lover.


And I said no fucking way. Not even just his solo Earth, wind and Fire. So we can't give him up. You can't give Girl, you better fix it up. I thought you better fix up. She was saying Earth, wind and Fire. No, never Blasphemy. I thought that said Mel. I throw That sounded racist to me. Just what did Bo say that man that sold? He said sold. No, sold like sold. don don't wanna hear White Soul when talking about black People. It sounded crazy. You can say sold. Yo. I was quiet too. I was quiet.


Yo. Gave me a headache. Look, Ish on the back end of the sale. It is a deal. Ish on the back end. Got it. Like yeah we got one. It's a double agent. Agent It is your double agent. Nigga you worked a deal for Phil and for Earth with a fire didn't. I'll even sweeten it up. I'll throw in, I'll throw in Domino. If y'all give us esi, George Michaels for pizza. Domino Pizza. No, not Domino. Pizza. Domino. The, here we go. The tune starts to bloom.


That was a slap. A slap. I thought it was reason. Oh. Shit. They heard that. Already heard that dude In our fantasy league. They be trying to trade like fucking So Tracy Dukes trait. Yeah. Tracy Duke. Yeah. That is a Tracy Duke trait. That's a Tracy Dukes. Hold on, hold on. Who would you take for Elton John? Need some heavy hitters. Man, you guys are Talking about straight up. Straight up up the box. Straight up. No Stevie, no. 2.1 straight up. Stop it. Who? Stevie. Stop it. Stevie. Who? Wait. S just say he wants Stevie Wonder for Elton John. So who's Stevie J? We gonna hang both. You can't say at the pole. T You can.


Yes, we could. Can't say it. Us You can't say y'all put him in a position to say it back. Go hang you. Yo. You are fool. Stevie. Wonderful. Elton. Ah, rich. Rich. Hell God. I young. Average Ray Charles. Never. I ain't gonna lie. So on Patreon we gonna start I. gotta, I got Kanye's version Fox. We got Jamie Fox.


Yeah. And we got the movie Ray. We straight bro. I'm with you John Ray. Charles could go but no, no not Ray. If I, if I offered Jay Bra to the Ja, I'm taking all the prominent whites. Nigga Jake Brown. For who? No, no, no. He ain. All the whites. James Brown ain't ain't on the table. Yeah. Get Yeah. We ain't giving y'all James Brown. Y'all not getting James Brown. I Don't think the whites are gonna accept James Brown Either. Why? 'cause they're racist. Well then they wouldn't accept nobody. Yeah, but James Brown's got too much sauce. I think the whites would scared the shit outta the white. Shoot The shit outta white. He would shoot the whites and a cape. He an idiot. Yeah. Alright. I promise y'all I'm ending this podcast.


It pains me that we got to four hours but there was a lot to get to. I thought about breaking it up but fuck that. You niggas make a lot of money reviewing This shit. So take the time outta your day to review it. Goddamn it. You monetizing right. There you go. Yo, thank you for tuning in. Keep us in your prayer. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid you a do farewell Idio. Cereba. I Peace to our boy so long. Goodbye. Remember, life is a series of moments and we're thankful to be in this one.


Oh white drums to gimme fan. Let's go Work that up. Y'all Hear that White harmony is different. The white Har turn around and see me quiet. You said case. Say another word. Say another. Say another word about some fucking case in here. Lemme remind y'all what's going on. Say another word. This song alone gets a say. Yeah. This song alone. Song alone Get case a Jones Darnell Jones. Pack it up buddy. Joe. Say what? Move nigga Joe. Yo. Yo. I told Parks we'll give him Fantasia for Celine Dion.


They're not gonna make that trade. But no ever, he say he'll work it out and I might keep, I might keep Fantasia for the other reason. You can't say that. Okay. Yeah, but not for Music. Ain't one of 'em. Yeah dude. I'm sorry Darnell. They played this in old. Hey, hey, hey Darnell Jones. you know that scene when the car about to come The cop? Yeah. you know the scene when Crocking, the tubs be hauling ass to go catch the nigga. Ain. Got nothing two hours left. We we walking you to the door. If this comes on Darnell nigga, they're not gonna take Darnell Jones. We're not Darnell. TGT Nigga are y'all high? They're not taking him for this. Don saying can't even talk while this is on.


Can't even outro the pod properly. So fire, stop it. Call Thomas. See ya guys. Man I'm trading mad niggas. Let's trade you some of the girls. Richie. Never. Never. No. No. Lionel Richie can go you out Chuck Gold. You smokey Robinson too. Nah, not the Commodore. Not Lionel and the Commodore. Not Lionel by himself. Lionel by himself could go. He got Pop in the eighties. The Commodore got the slaps. Yeah he got Pop. You can have that name. What you doing all night long? Hello? Hello nigga. The fuck you talking about? I can't say that. Do you have to write that down? You can't say that one.


Say that. Why you up all night long then? Nigga niggas getting in trouble right now for being up all night. Go to sleep nigga. Alright man, y'all hold it down. Everybody enjoy your weekend. Be safe, be sound, make wise decisions. Fuck people You can trust and they want to fuck you back and people that want to fuck you back. That's important. How you feel it calling? Yeah. New Amani project this October.


Hey. Hey. They could have Amani. All the movies. Yo, these niggas gave me some money boy. Boy. What? What? Top down this Getting top down. I can see you riding top down with This shit. Right on the bridge. Nigga. The Star Island. This is a great song to get head to. Going to Star Island some corner. This is a great song. I I am never going to Star Island. You going to star with that stupid ass fucking silk shirt up with your shirt open nigga driving in this stupid shit. Yeah. Nah, this is a great song. A Lincoln Nova, some stupid shit nigga. 1942. This is a great song to get your dick sucked to for by one of cerebral bitches that been through things on Coke.


What you remember Phil tell she started going, Hey what? How could I forget that shit you did bitch. That was the first time you suck my dick into Nova. Reason why Y'all knew I wouldn't cutting this off before the airdrops. Of course. And I'm letting this whole thing rock this. You about to go crazy right here. But the pain still grow. Pain Still air Don't drop.


Don't you don't drop it all up. You better not spill that shit on my fucking black sweats. Yo. I don't like that shit the way y'all have me. What he saying? Nothing. Oh. Shit Savannah. And I can't believe you guys. We are clutching our pearls over honestly. Stick together. We gonna film as you do Word offer. Bugsy bogs That is this song.


Isab Diana Ross. Tracy Ellis Ross. Not Diane Phil. Tina Turner. Sorry. Slow down. You out. Slow down. He said Diana Ross. He saying Tina or I'm not saying Tina Turner. Diana Ross can go though though. Oh Tina. Yes. Really? Yeah. Let me hear to Diana Ross. You. can Tina like Diana. What That sweetest Hang I don Smokey dubs. You ma. All this shit you nigga. Hey. Hey Smokey. Got that. Hey Smokey had done fifties Uber.


The old shoulda texted Shit can't. Alright, we leaving. We done. I called the Uber and the city the other day. A taxi pulled up. I was so confused. Oh Yeah, yeah. Yellow taxi. How The yellow cabs are on Uber. The yellow cabs are Ubers and Lyfts. How much yellow cabs you took in your life? Bitch, hold on. You lying. Yeah. It Is been that way for a minute. Can you like, is there an option? I don't want that. I want a real car like yo dog. Is it the New York City? I just call a cab. Yo.


Very ignorant bunch up here for sure. And We know it. we know it already. This shit. Not even comfortable. This got the glasses word. I don't wanna be savior tweets the hard plastic max. Get That nigga. Nobody give a fuck about that shield Car. Only stuff above Proud about that shield. That shield don't count. Now I'm paying tax for that. I can't hear any of people. Y'all, y'all, y'all real mad Did the Jackson. That's some bullshit. Yo, the things that this crew gets angry about is the Nigga, the shield don't mean nothing. Fuck niggas died over that shield. But fuck it. Nigga Uber came through that. That shield meant a lot to people. That Shit is expensive. And any George Michael package I'm putting in Keith Murray, are you dumb?


You're the worst negotiator ever. Why? Throwing in the most beautiful, the most beautiful estate I'm throwing. We're gonna need Eric sermon too and like Nah, I'm keeping Erics. Yo. Look how we look. How we negotiate So. I'm keeping Eric sermon. Fuck y'all. We Okay. Who y'all gonna take for stars and smiles? We done. What's nigga we done Look at Star. Yes. Who? Take for smiles and Stop Star Have like Thanks Spice Girls. Wait hold on. I'll take, we'll take that. We'll take, we'll take that Mel BI straight.


You can just gimme Mel B. Semi Mel B. They was White Spice Girls. Yeah. All except Mel. The ones they made stand in the back was white. Right? Yeah. Tell me what y tell watch the real male that thing. Don't do that. The songs he be known don't do that. Mel wasn't clear Man. Act together. You can. That shit was Fire. Ish seen that shit smashed and you was sung the Ma nigga to a piece of the Portuguese. Nigga you Would wait. Y'all would trade Mel Ford for Mel Spice.


Look at you Fucked. I wouldn't thank you. I wouldn't. How about y'all? I appreciate that. What say you? No, Your silence speaks volumes. Oh y'all did Ass can You. Can you just outro the fucking choke please? Well, No I got one more. I got one more. I got one more. All right. Alright. How about this trade from now? Alright, how about this? What y'all, what'd y'all do? You're killing me. Don't y'all look at my Yo. you right, you right. Yeah. You good. Is this Ready to take mail outside into the trash right now?


Y'all trade mail for her? Is this the coach special group? Is it no color? Well she had a version. Yeah. Yeah. I like the original. The the original. Who? The Original Natasha Bloomfield? No Nick M or something. Tory. We don't, don't Tori. Tory M we don't. Yeah, she trade. Trade Your too. She trade you for mad people. I'm sure you Would. I'm keeping Mel. Fuck y'alls. I'm keeping Mel. Alright, we out again. It's like my night intro song. Remember I remember this outro song. I'll remember this. All of y'all. What Happened? I didn't say I was gonna trade you. I didn't say nothing.


I saw you back the fuck up. Whoa. It's okay Out show the show Going. Don't shoot you yo. That's funny. No happy birthday tributes for you guys. You blew it now. And you gave a nigga a tribute and a nigga did. Right Nigga. Via tribute. I know. Fire Tribute. It was her and her and S making an Amani sandwich. Ooh. Oh. That was appropriate for, for somebody girl to see on their birthday. Oh, I wish I could have been a fly. No. Yeah, I be knowing what nigga's households is like.


Oh my God. Alright, we done this time. For real. We done. We don't need to hear this whole song. Alright at all. Didn't first one. You like a Cuban drug deal Like you, like you on some shit. You. all right. Can we get outta here? You've been in the Bronx a little bit too long. Nigga. Harlem a little bit too long. Nigga, you good. Nigga was screaming the house. My coworker can't say happy birthday. That's why he wore that shit, Coworker. I tell yo we be getting a lot of shit off under the guy. All right, well how I be in the, there's Nigga Mel gonna ruin somebody else before she leave this job.


Hey, I don't give a fuck. I'm still going. Jb JB jp. JB JPJP. Shit.