
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy. the show got a board. Yep. You? Yep. What's up? Are we here? Hey, I was a little sorry. Talk about now there. He seen it already. I just, I saw it.


Sorry for my tardy. I saw it. Turn me on in the headphones man. I'm sorry for my tardy. It's all good man. We Greetings. Shit happens. Greetings. We are in the building lit baby weekend for me. Hey. Okay. Hey, when you gotta plan the lit around your baby weekend, call up Grandpa. Yes sir. You ain't, you ain't gotta be lit this weekend. This weekend. Nah, you ain't gotta be lit this weekend. You can chill. Ain't really nothing going on this weekend. Yeah, You know what I mean. My mom and my dad have their anniversary celebration in the morning, so I can't even hang out too late tonight anyway. Well that's nice.


I'm throwing the party mark. What? They don't parks' Birthday. Wait you? Yeah. Parks birthday. You see you got the birthday fa. That's why you got your haircut yo. You aging backwards. Oh, Thank you. Yeah. You look good. Us, you, you Look, nah, Marx is killing this fucking aging growing up there. It'd be a shame to like die next week. Like right as you in the middle of killing shit. Why Put that out in Knock on something? Nah, You could tell when a nigga, when a nigga you knock on your head when a nigga accomplish some shit. When a nigga compli, he's tough feeling himself and say whatever he wants.


I be thinking about that shit like damn I'm killing shit. What if I just smacked it out? What If I just check it out Right in This Shit bad, some Bullshit. And none of my friends is gonna say, yo, he didn't want to go right then yo, he wanted, he wanted, He lived a fulfilled life. No nigga. I Had no shit. Shit to do. I need at least another year. Sorry. I Like yo, look at the irony you got go sign your will. You just be like nah, look at the iron. All the bullshit I've been through when I wanted to go was ready to, I'm outta here. I never wanted to go. Some niggas wanted. I did. Nigga was at the point where it was like, Fuck this. No, we lived, we lived in our teens and twenties reckless. The decision making was reckless enough to not value life properly.


But I ain't gonna hold you. If there's one thing I'm learning about my forties, I want be here. It is see all of them. I see all of them. Value in every day you get on this motherfucker. Yes, yes. Hey Clark Kent, if you listening, I love you man. Why you try to do that to Clark Kent? Man, I absolutely love you. You have been such an integral part of my career of the 20 plus years that I've been here. When self-doubt was clouding my mind, man. And I would just bump into you around the sneakerhead spot or fucking Times Square Canal Street or something and you would just remind me that I'm one of the best to ever do This shit while these labels had me down and out.


Just a friend, a sweet kindhearted man who cultural impact cannot be measured. There's a lot of talk going around about Clark Kent, but if you listening or if anybody that knows Clark Kent is listening, let him know that Joe Button loves him from the bottom of my fucking heart. And that my career and my outlook on things would not be the same without him. I wanna start there. Yeah, I like that. I wanna start there. I love you. He's definitely, he's, I love you Clark. That's my man's, my man's niggas that put time in in this thing. Yeah. Oh man, definitely beloved. Oh man. Oh man, I love him. I love him. Send him a lot of good energy.


Yes sir. And I love y'all man. What's up? What's up? What's up man? What's up? What's popping? No, did get a, what's popping though? Did you just get a delivery of something? Y'all are fueling the elitist comments about Joe Button. We us Joe. I will get up and go get us us. Y'all are fueling I. repeat the elitist comments on Joe Button. The niggas tried to attack me again this week because Ish wanted them to attack me and I let him weaponize the airwaves. I left it in. You niggas lied to me, said oh it's funny, I left it in the nine to fives got on my ass.


Come up boy. No you time out. You blaming that on me. You time out nigga happen you time out. You called it The nine to fives got on my ass. It's just little plan worked and they now kicking my back in for being elitist. I want to say Mel is with me but y'all don't say nothing to her 'cause she got ticks come out. We caught. Mel is, Mel is. Mel is just as bad as me. Wait, Ish is just nah, no he is not. But he's bad. But he's bad. I ain't gonna lie on my man this early in the program. Yeah, I'm about to say you gonna lie today. Today. I ain't gonna lie on to his face.


But he's bad too. And I want to tell y'all that been kicking my back in. I felt this way. Poor. He did too. That that's the bad part. He ain't lying. He not lying. He's not lying. But you know what the crazy part was? It just look away now because I was waiting for this moving and shaking. I was waiting for the inspector. Right. This is a true story. I was waiting for the inspector yesterday And went it was Wednesday. Okay, Wednesday I'm waiting for the inspector And Nigga hit me. Yo. They ripping your ass in the spaces. So look, pause, I go, I go, I go on my ass in. I go in the spaces. Look, I go in the spaces Right. You I went into spaces Anon.


You're one of nuns, A nuns? Nah, I don't know. You want nuns? Nah, I gotta a, my phone don't do that. They said whole it do that. I'm gonna let you finish but You Want some bullshit for that. But go ahead. No, for real. They said that's only you. You gotta kick This shit to get out there. I don't know. I don't about all that but so I'm in there. It is the girl spaces. Some girl had it and was, yeah. Yeah. Alright. So I yeah and I, I was in there and they was, I wanted to come up and talk 'cause it wasn't about the nine to five people you wanted to come up and kick kick his back in some more with them. I don't do that. I'm just asking question. I was coming to shoot him some bell. Okay. It was a conversation about being silly about women. Like yo Joe supposedly, supposedly likes the nightlife chick.


You know we tease him about liking the BBL girls or the nightlife girls. Not the quote unquote nine to five girls. People looked at it like, yo, he don't like the nine to five workers. Like you can't get my money if you gonna shit on the nine. I'm like, I didn't even see how the that even happened. Yo, take y'all fucking transit money then. Yo Fuck who the the fuck do y'all think y'all talking to? Something wrong with you. Hey take your token money back. Stop Nigga. No tokens no more. I don't know what It is. Token Mt. Money back little r and want to come in jail. Ain't that key fly too. I saw that key about to go to the bathroom nigga I had to stop.


I had to hold my pee and watch that fucking key. Why you put it in your pocket? Why the fuck you rested there so niggas can see it? Nigga It is a pretty key. It is a nice key. I had to go down there and do the little tutorial shit but enough about that. Okay. Got it. Hey yo. Keep your kids snack money nigga. That's lunch booth. Hey I don't want you to donate. Don't want, don't want, Don't gimme the Lucky Charms money. We Don't want your ravioli. Yeah. Lunch booths money nigga. Chef boy. Nigga. Your Wrongest I Too bad. No, no. It is bad. We Nah, I'm on your side but I gotta I on that nigga. I gotta hype him. They're just putting a battery in his back. don Act like A make it seem like I had a beef with What'd you say?


My neck is she trying to get a lawsuit on me. Your neck don't hurt. She's, you were just moving Around. That is her. She definitely That is her end goal. She got a turtleneck on look Neck Turtleneck. You just moving your head Around. Do you Need, You need to go home? No, I'm good. You just lady on, I'm on painkillers. Yo. You what? Got, she saw that Ferrari trying get some money. Y'all play too much. Got painkillers? Yes I do. Dogs. Yo. What you Talking about babe? I, they, They Got, it's it's got, there's an X and a Z in the word. I don't know. No He don't have no painkillers. Oh you Don't have No I don't have it.


No, I don't need Pain. We ain't having a Friday night. Mel, you legend. What if painkillers moving around? Pain niggas be, niggas be in pain. Oh. I mean they're in my bed. Joking. Mom don't do drugs. I'm joking mom. Yeah, yeah. No, don't. And everybody out there don't do drugs. Not at all. And got a really, really, really good painkillers and you and got back spam or some shit. What they call it the muscle relaxers. That's Amani shit. Oh. He's trying To give me shit so too He ain't sell me nothing. Yo. My muscles aching. They need to be relaxed. Oh man. They need to be relaxed. No I don't Nigga that nigga close his little nah. Combining jointed door to the hotel room.


Fuck him on him. Good man. Fools Yo. Yeah, Yo, you a nutcase yo. Yeah, you a nutcase. They really winning on him like that. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was Eight. I was probably only, they Called me tone deaf and they said I forgot where I came from. I mean you could, you could, you could Make an argument for that little Alzheimer's or the other side. Little Alzheimer. I could remember where I came from. Forget he remembered. He don't wanna go back there. Don't wanna remember, Don't wanna Associate. Don't wanna think About it. That's why I wanna get away from them. That's true. Because I remember vividly where I came from. Stop, Stop, stop, stop, stop. Yo. That's not funny. Nah, that's not funny.


At least apologize to people. You Hell No. I ain't apologizing on it nigga. But how I want to party Are. you shitting me. So Ish you jump into spaces when they kicking your man back in. They ain't help me. But you won't jump into spaces no other time. Why not? Because he loves me nigga. Because I really was gonna come in there and like shoot some bell. But the, the inspector nigga came and that was a whole nother issue. 'cause I understood what we was talking about. I understand the context of the conversation. The conversation wasn't about people, it was about women. It was a jokey conversation. I think you be fucking with the spaces on the low. That's my point. I don't how you know they was kicking us back in in spaces. Nigga start hitting me. So you don't fuck with spaces at all.


The girl, lemme tell you what I had to do. Don't kill him when he trying to defend me. Nigga, What's wrong with you? The girl, the girl who was given the spaces, I got her blocked. I had to go find her nigga had to walk me. Nigga blocked your name. I Got her blocked too. Yeah. Like a nigga had to, I got blocked. I need to block her too. Why? Huh? Why? I'm not gonna block you Jna. I'm just listen. But I had to go eye blocking. Nigga had to walk me through it to even get to the thing. 'cause I had to girl block. I couldn't even, you know what I'm saying? I'm down with Ish. I don't be yo ice. I'm, I'm a, if I be in the spaces, I say I'll be in the spaces. I don't be in that shit. All right Gabriel. Listen, I love a good little disagreement in the spaces. If didn didn't go too crazy then I'm totally okay with niggas calling me to the carpet.


That's part of this gig is saying something that's gonna rattle the people up. But don't try to make it seem like I forgot where I came from nigga. I just had a little bout this morning that we'll talk about. Maybe on the Patreon episode or something. I ain't forget where I came from. It was very dark where I came from. And even then again, I did not want to party with you niggas. Man. I didn't. You bitches be looking musty in the club. Oh man. Bitch y'all got the sweat spots under your blouse. You Bitches be looking like Under your, you sweat so bad. That shit is on your blazer Ma. come on. Go change that shit. Yeah And you bitches got a blazer on. Yeah.


Nah, they fly. The Blazers be fly Blazer ain ain't, I love the Blazer. I love the Blazers too. But I'm married. But I love the Blazers too. Y'all Look like it took so much preparation to come out tonight. Had to make a meal for your kids to eat while you was gone. Call the nanny. Drop something off to your baby daddy to run for work. That's even better. What? Guess what? She, oh my Lord. She ain't got time to Waste. She just want to let loose tonight. Stop frying now. That means she wanna let loose this evening. I don't know what you talking about. Get that blazer off girl. She on top crunch bugging. We gotta get it in. Yes. I'm cool. That collar be nice and sharp over that blazer. Well I'm cool because I'm in love and faithful and y'all are too. Absolutely. Talking about old shit. They remember now I I got him Got.


it got, I love a Blazer. Gotti. No, you the Blazer Kate. Shouting the Blazer wear. That's my thing about you and Imani. Y'all niggas, when the working bitches is out, y'all are fucking the Doris Chestnut. Y'all are Boris. Y'all nigga. When y'all, that was my point. The fucking stupid nine to five audience made it weird. I'm trying to crack on Ish for being the king of the working class. Women fucking mind. Y'all business your ass nigga. Man, I can't even crack on my man no more. Ain't he snitched on me on the air. I tried to delete it. Did I delete it? He tried to delete it said nah, It is did. It is Did. Nah. It. It's cool. That's funny. How? Why You said they, we all said it.


I don't care. Yeah. Hold on, hold on, Hold up. This is for shits and giggles. Yeah, I don't give a Fuck that part. Let leave that there. I told 'em niggas cancel Patreon. I told hey now that we talking about It is a gang of y'all that need to get the fuck outta here anyway. Who the fuck they think they talking to anyway, now I'm dedicating the episode to nine to fivers. Imani Imani. Psychopath. Because, because they gotta make It seem like I don't appreciate nine to Fivers. Then they wanna tell me it's mad nine to fivers than make more than me. Okay. If that wasn't the point Coming fresh off the PJ and land into your new Rory shit on the nine five dedicated to the nine to five.


I'm nasty. It is crazy. I'll go get to that. Get that crazy. Just let him talk. You acting crazy. I don't give fuck Niggas. Oh man. Straight off the PJ too off. He sat in the, he sat in the front of the pj. I saw that shit. Yo, he wasn't in the back. And he sat, He robbed shotgun. Yeah, he Taking eight glasses. He was on a PJ P. Yeah, he was on a PJ bitch ass nigga. He sat right in the front like this nigga big chair. Like who the fuck you thought you was, nigga. I had to zoom in too. Like, all right, let me see what the fuck is going on. I zoomed in there. I don't take it out either. Little shotgun, that's all good. Yeah, Shotgun. And when you Landed today, Don't whisper for the K.


I'm not gonna beat the allegations like this. Where the fuck Was At work? Where did you work at? I've been asking you this on spaces. I went to work. I was at work. I went to handle some business. In what state? So to hop the quick Pj real quick, the state don't matter. I had to handle some business. How? 'cause you wanna know how much the jet costs. Yes. Pocket watching as nigga. Yes. When you gonna start your podcast? Shut The fuck up. When You gonna start your podcast? The greatest rollout in history. You shut the fuck up. You've Been promo for about three months. You done made the name. Cancel the name. Cancel the friend Beef with a friend. Look at this Deflecting. Def. Deflecting. Deflecting Did the Spaces. Yes. With your name now. And I Got another spaces coming up. Yeah. Shout out to Ease. Gonna be hosting it now.


Can we Get half a episode Of podcast with all this promo nigga? They're releasing The singer. I'm lining them up. They're in the tuck right now. Thank. you Did You start filming yet? Yes I did. You can't start the pod and have just like one episode. I thought she been filmed five. No, she filmed, she Called them gay boys to record her shaking her hips and oiling her legs up like the same shit. you know what I Mean? That was a photo shoot for Proma material. I know. For, for So pod we haven't seen yet. So you refiled, right? Like you had the football? I had, I had to, I had to trash a couple of episodes And trash some bitches. Well They started it. You had to block some bitches and they start over. They fucking started it. I start over before You start. Hey listen. Okay.


I'm saying you don't need to Sometimes. Sometimes you have to. You have to pivot But. Yeah. Talk This shit man. Fuck y'all. Shout Out to the pivot Ryan Clark. All I'm saying is don't tell. You don't need to know the state. I was handling some business and again, we worked the next day. I'm never gonna miss work. So I mean you're dedicated. I mean, but doesn't mean that I'm gonna call the jet to make it back to y'all all instead of doing that shit. Did y'all do? Yeah. Yo, the flight was delayed. I'll be back at 7:00 PM on recording day. Never did it. Yeah. That Happen to you with that? What was happen? Something happened with that flight. I booked one hour before the Friday pod. I'll be there around five 30.


It is like, y'all Get funny thing is that you're making it seem like you took a jet back here, but you also took a jet to where you were going. No, I didn't. You didn't. You took a no. I didn a regular Flight. I ain't, I ain't that elitist. All right, lemme make sure nigga guy, because I asked you where you was going. You ain't telling me I took a regular flight wherever I was going. Okay. Something that's been happening has been making my profile rise. So way more people are speaking to me than normal. Got. it way more people are just in my space than normal. It's a hassle. I still ain't got my TSA pre-check like a bum. So. Got you. Okay. Yeah, if it's, if it's did it, If it's doable. Our fucking commercial with deer and Jetted, bass, jetted, bass. How did, how did the business to write off Venture Go?


Hopefully said that they're changing TI don't know. You know more than me to write off. You know more than me. You know more than me. And that's why you my brother, so I can learn this nigga so I can learn from you. Be spy it. Teach me some things. Fuck you talking about? Yeah, nigga, use your knowledge on me. Use. That's all crazy. That was Crazy. To learn from your mix. Use your knowledge on your Use your knowledge on me. It is a little Salacious. That's bad. I think everybody had to grow up. Never. Never. Nah, never. Nope. All come on. Oh man. Nigga have some fun man. We gonna have a good time today. I ain't looked at the board. I don't even care. I don't even care. It was a business meeting, huh? Yeah, I said that it was a good business meeting.


How did it go? Parks? Do the subtle pocket watch. I do Parks do it on the sneak tip. Yeah. He tried to, he tried to use his good graces with me to sneak in. Hey. So it was good nigga. No, get the fuck outta here. Can't compli bitch you on your, I mean, we'll see if it was good. I don't know. Oh, okay. I don't know if it was good. That's what's up. Fourth quarter. Fourth quarter. And we just here. We just here. Man. I don't want be an elitist. This ed episode is dedicated to the nine to five to the nine to fives. You Got It. We love play Dolly Parton. Huh? That's my whole up. That's that's my man. Right. You know me. So he knows. So That Is, my wife said to me, she goes hypothetically, she likes to do those.


She goes, hypothetically, if we had an intruder in her home, would you be able to protect our family? And I'm like, hypothetically, yes, I can do anything. Hypothetically Jump over to move. She's like, Gary, it's very important for me to feel secure that you'd be able to protect us. What makes you think you could do it? And I'm like, I would have an adrenaline rush under that circumstance and that would help me defeat the intruder. And she's like, that makes me feel much better. Well what I didn't tell her is that the intruder would also have an adrenaline rush. And his would be way better than mine. He'd kill us in seconds. Plus I know my body in that situation, it would not even pump adrenaline.


It would pump estrogen Breaking. Hum Hum. Wake It up out there. Hold up everybody with a nine to five. Make some noise. Hold up. I got an nine to five Y. I don't know what you talking about. No you don't.


Alright, you talking. Alright. So we don't even know what nine, five fuck is. What is he talking to is my watch Wrongest? I? He what You talking stop. Yo. Oh, oh, oh. Stop, stop, stop. You got a nine to five? My bad. Salute this guy. Yo. Everybody out there with a nine to five. Put a light in the air right now while you listening, man. Before we even get started. Fuck they talking about? This is for the teachers out there. Teachers. Wait, the waitresses Yeah man. Fuck that. The doorman, the postal workers, the truck drivers, the doctors, the lawyers out there. People teaching our young kids of America.


The construction workers out there. come on. The contractors out there. Fuck is they talking about The people that work at motherfucking 5 95 Newark Avenue and Jersey City over there. And all of the government little city hall buildings that gotta collect the child support and all that. Shout to the bitches that work at the front desk at the dental offices. What are they talking about? Me? You think I'm against them? Who are they talking to? Amazon. Y'all think I'm against the girls at the front desk? At the dental, at the dentist? Never. No, not nigga. They're the nicest. Shout out to every girl out there in scrubs right now. Hold up man. The rn, the lpn, the nurse.


come on man. We love y'all. Yo. We love y'all. Shout out to the nannies out there. come on man. What are we doing? Who else? Who else is out there? The drivers. Amazon, the bus drivers, the Uber niggas, the Lyft niggas. The taxi niggas. The bus drivers. The train conductors. Kitchen. Kitchen people. Oh the people in the kitchen. Shout to the cos, the pos. All of y'all in the jails. Oh, around the murderers. Shout to the murderers. Shout to the murderers. Dead. Fuck are they talking about? Huh? Shout to every nigga at the temp agency right now.


Huh? Me. Y'all think me? I forgot where I came from. Seven in the morning. Headed down fucking journal. Not journal Squid. Fucking I down there down there. Down down there. Where? Downtown. Downtown. Where the temp agencies be? I forgot the name of This. shit. I done moved. Fucking been while. Grove Street. Oh. Grove Street. Temp Agency. Seven in the morning. Unemployed. Calling my eye filling out the paper on the side. Getting declined. Get out nigga Getting declined. It is temp. Job ain't for you. Hey, shout to the niggas. The fucking Christmas time gig coming up on the Christmas gigs is coming up.


Fellas. Santa Santa. Santa Claus. Everybody working in the mall. Shout to Santa Claus. Shout to you. Niggas dressed up as mascots out there. Everybody getting it. We all gotta do what we gotta do to put food on the table. God damnit. What's up? It is army Bell You know What I mean. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Thanksgiving day parade too. Yeah. Yeah. Shout out to y'all putting that together. Shout out to y'all niggas enrolling in the military right now. Getting all the free perks and the benefits. Getting married at 16, 17 A y'all B. come on man. Me. Me nigga.


What the fuck is they talking about? Man, shout to the niggas you gotta call when the HVAC ain't working in the crib. Mm True. Shout to the P plumbers out there all across the world. I need y'all niggas. I be without high water a lot. The locksmiths. The locksmith Lock. Yeah, The locksmiths. I be locked out too. Sanitation workers. Shout To y'all. We shout them out. Shout to the sanitation workers out there. Hey, Bad food workers do. Yeah. Everybody handling our fool. We love you. We love you. We need you. We will never say a bad thing about y'all. Go ahead get the work. God damnit. We here I. gotta, I mean It is got a nine to five. Hey Do got to do.


Don't that stand. Make some noise right now. You don't want get up but you got Yeah man. Yeah, go at the same time nigga. We got two miles. We see you. Don't keep it all hot. You making bird. The project won. We got about 13 days till the first It is right back around the first dose. Stop coming. Let's go. Shout to niggas out there that don't got the rent right Now. But we Making it. One Shout show. Hey. Hey. Shout to everybody out there that had to add. They bu ass kids to they car insurance. Shit Went from 300 to 900 on them.


We out here. Fuck. Talk about. We Still gotta live. We still Gotta live. Love y'all. We love y'all. The up in the morning on the outside by the church. We see y'all too. Yay. We see y'all. Nigga. Be early. Your wife don't want to get up and make them bum ass eggs. Put 'em dusty ass in. But she got to godda it because we stay in the alive White eggs. We like, we get it. Brad might be a little too much with the bread. We love y'all too.


Shout out to all y'all as per my previous email Niggas. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Shout to everybody At work. Rat on them niggas. That's doing some bullshit at work. Send that email. We love you documentation trail nigga. How fuck is they talking? We not playing with these nigga at all. Nigga. We ain't playing with these nigga out here. Shout the nigga that go in the fridge and eat. Your coworkers love you. He like Y niggas too. We love y'all. We love y'all. Don't you ever think we again. Hold on Dally. Let's go don. don.


Let's get Had A here before. White As male. White as hell. Yo Male. Think this is the Benjamin. She think this is Box Smoke. Oh. Shit That Is an idiot.


That was an intro then. That was an intro. That was an intro. That was one of them. It's an early drop. I feel it. It's an early drop. I feel it. I feel it. I feel the early truck. I feel it. Boy. Midnight Yo. Midnight truck. Oh. Shit. Your mail is crazy. Were they mad at us? Them niggas next. They mad at us. They mad. Oh that's what, oh. See when I be going through in my apartment That We must be right underneath someone's bedroom.


That's the one right? Oh Shit. Alright, we can turn up. Yeah, we can make a lot of, we can turn up the s go pretty loud. Some loud speakers. They will lose this battle quick. If what they trying to do is lose the battle. Don't bark up that shit. Holy shit. Shit. Alright. Oh man. Alright. Alright. Oh man, that was great. Holy shit. That was great. Yo, I'm crying. Sweating the Benjamin Joe.


Yo. You seen her head on the, I thought your neck was broke. She was like, It is, I was holding onto this side. Er. She did. Thrill dance. Idiot son. Yo. She act like Triumph came on. You know, Shit. Fucking Reservoir. George was god damn man. It was just Dolly Parton. I love Dolly though. All right. I know clearly, clearly all what episodes this? 7 68.


Welcome to episode 7 68 of the Joe Button Podcast. Brought to you by Powered By Fueled by PrizePicks. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, and highly favor host Joe Button here with a few very amazing people.


To my right. You know the vs. Man Hootie. Who? You know the Vs. Man. Hootie. Who? Huh? High and bothered spaces with Amani. Damn. I'd have never guessed that guest. We are cooking. In fact, we are fucking cooking right now. Spaces for the guys. Melyssa Ford is in the fucking building. Hey Thank. you Certain that 70 degrees niggas here on checker weather though? Ain't I did. It said like 65. We got a heat wave. We a heat wave. It's coming up next five days. 70 plus next five days. Monday. It's like 77 Yeah. man. Nice. Okay. Ooh, when I drop my baby off Sunday night, I gotta kick him in his back.


I gotta throw him to his mama. Here he go. Stop. Slow down. Slow. When slow. Slow slow. When the good weather land, when you free, you gotta go show your ass. You gotta go show your ass Tim Mel's right. come on man. come on man. You seen him around. You know the vibe. Queens Flip Queens is finest in the building. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. How you feeling man? I'm Feeling good. Feeling. good, good, good, good. Big issues here. Jersey's finest. Y'all know the vibe. King. Wawa, he's in the building. Freeze is here. The freezes. El Myra's finest. Big Parks is here. PO is here. Corey is here. I'm telling you. I'm telling you about them up then. Now Amani is here.


Ericsson is here. And last but not least, each and every one of you guys are here. Alright. Let them neighbors keep banging up there. Yeah. I don't know if they here in the broadcast, but I'd get my life for the broadcast now. And to go up there and write a little note. I do have some experience in this. Y'all were laughing at me. And now, now you see Mel, you a Karen and you need to stop. You need to get better. Do you want my careism that you keep saying I have to go deal with that bitch upstairs. 'cause I Will. I'm a cooler Karen. Call Burn. I'm a cooler Karen than you though. You're A cooler kid. How? He's a Kid. You gotta, you gotta pick your spots. Like when I go talk to the building, they be like, all right man. You don't, you don't even be wilding.


You don't even be wildling. You don't ever say nothing. Same. I have never launched a complaint against anybody inside London. London. You used the word launched. Yeah. That's funny. You prepared. Told us you've been to the building people at least three or four times don't launch nothing. I'm with Mel. This Thank you. You're prepar for an investigation like you, you caught. You gotta fight Karen. With Karen. I'm ready. I agree with that already. I don know how to Karen now when one Karen shoulder and neck is bad, That's even better. You know what? That's the reason why. Yeah. 'cause I couldn't sleep. Couldn't Exactly blame it all on them. And I got the receipts. Press your little life alert. come on. You talking about receipts. Go ahead and press your little button From all my doctor's visits.


Yo. No, but when you don't, when you don't complain a lot, of course your complain starts to be taken More seriously. Hmm. You the boy that cries wolf. Then niggas be looking at you like, oh boy, here They come. Yeah, no, they know the vibe with me up there. come on, let's get right to it, man. 30 minutes in. So the BET Hip Hop Awards filmed at Dres. Dres. Dres Is Dres In Vegas, Whatever, somewhere they shouldn't have Shot. Fucking nightclub. Yeah. Somewhere they shouldn't have shot at a nightclub in Vegas. That was, nobody knew that the BET Hip. Hop Awards was even airing. I had no idea. Zero Program either. I only knew because Jayan kept coming in here saying he did the freestyle, which means that this is probably, it's coming soon. A week, two weeks away.


But I got home. That was after we taped, I wanna say it Was, it was that Night and I cut it on and quickly cut it off baseball. So I don't, I don't have much to say. Yeah, sport's been too lit. Yeah, sports' been way too lit. Shout out to the Yankees for losing that incredible game last night. Boy, if we've been spoiled with Mariana Rivera as a closer for 2012 years, 20 years, boy have we been spoiled. I ain't gonna kill that weaver dude, because he did his best. He ain't been doing the worst. But god damn, that was a great game that we lost. But the Hip, Hop Awards, I cut it on and them niggas was in a club. Yeah, well I cut it on, right? It was towards the end of the show. And you know, usually with these shows, as soon as they go off, they replay it again.


Right. So I'm like, you know what? Now I wanna watch this whole shit because Po it came, it didn't come right back on. Why would it, It they put all that impact show on Smart. It came when the garbage man passed your house and you miss it. You go back, he don't circle back. You just gotta catch him on the Thursday. Now when the next time he comes. So it came back one at 11 though. So I sat and watched the whole shit and the first thing I'm noticing, I'm like, all right, usually they'll say with performances by where appearances by that list was short. You know, usually they run down the whole list. That was, it was quick. I'm like, damn, that's it. All right, cool. It's in a club first, very first thought. Oh, This shit looked cheap initially.


And I'm not, you know, cheaper. Cheaper than normal. Way cheaper than, yeah. Because Normally it's in Atlanta. Normally it's in Atlanta And it's at some type of a theater, theater venue. Something where there's even a crowd while, 'cause they announced Fat Joe is the host. He comes out, he does his verse to make it rain. He's rapping usually they're showing the celebs in the crowd. Ain't none. Mm. Kick had them outside of the cast from Impact Atlanta. I saw E 40 and two short and that was about it in the crowd. Wow. Or in the club.


Excuse me. It's Bottle service. It's It is a club. So I'm like, what the fuck is this? This is, it's It is bad off the rip first performance. That hookah word. They should, They might as Well. They, they should have had, they shoulda, they should had hookah in there. It was, this was a bad look on television. This, this halfway through the show. I was like, damn, I want to come in and just apologize to Hip hop for this. Damn, like Hip Hop didn't deserve that. This is how bad this show was. Shit. Normally, y'all know, we always try to give some some type of grace. Yeah. You know. Oh, you know, we might know the produce. You know, I don't care who this shouldn't have never aired. I don't, I didn't check the credits, but I don't know if this was a Jesse Collins production.


I don't Think so. I This shit look like a Tyler Perry production. I'm gonna give a little bit of grace just because of Howard Jones, j Juan, and some of the other new acts where this is still in, still shining The light on them. Even that no Cyphers, they had a Nissan car with a, with a mic hooked up in the car And the tagline written in the back to let you know That is Nissan is paying for all of these kids that can't rap Sans j Juan. J Juan gets in and Somebody else up there. That Was nice. T Tia's other son Ani. Yes. It was the only two I saw. Yeah. I ain't watching no nigga. They said them niggas was in Amani's ultimate rapping. They they were. That's What they said they were, it was the same color.


Every And J one did same color. J one did his best to do what he, what what he needed to do. But, but they didn't, this is not a Cipher Bro. They didn't even show the whole, like he rapped a couple bars and it went to commercial. You didn't even get the full verse that Speak well later. Well later I got some insight as to why DJ Premier no longer does Cyphers either. I was like, well yeah, that makes some sense. That makes some sense. Niggas, I ain't trying to be, man, I can't tell y'all. But This, this just was bad. Like I I, I, Everything about it was bad. I commend Travis Scott for showing up to the event. That's why they gave him an award. I commend Travis Scott for showing up to the event. And that's what I have for you in terms of this. Y'all, y'all should cancel this. Who are some of The performers?


I hate the fat. Alright. Performers. Fat Joe. Like I said, he, he performed when he was introduced as the host Boss Man Dlo did two full songs. Full Juicy Jay and Two Chains. Three one Oh Baby apparently has a viral TikTok song that people knew Trina with who brought out Reha with her Soulja Boy and Roscoe Dash E 40. And then Big Boogie who brought out Gorilla, who is a feature on one of his records. She didn't even do none of her songs. Even the, I promise you even the performances.


Go ahead Cook please. I hate the fact that our people, you know, we, we BE t's supposed to be something for our people, black people. And we can't even maintain proper production. I hate that we watch all these other shows and Grammys and all this other shit. And It is like, when you think about it or you hear stories, are y'all niggas pocketing the money? Or do y'all even have the budget to do these Things? This don't look like there was no money in the pocket. It is an embarrassment. Ain't no budget. Pack it up. Now. I held back from going in on BET because some of the people that went that, that work over there. But enough is enough. Enough is enough. Invest the money into proper things. So like it It is just, the rollouts used to be different. Everything was different about the Hip.


Hop, Awards Don't invest shit cancel It Is at this point, Cancel it because the award shows. The award shows and that's why We talk about what the artists are doing now in terms of the, the DSP fights Got it in terms of we, we've releasing on YouTube. We not really fucking with the DSPs right now. It is the artists saying today, enough using me, enough of using me. The award shows are using the acts to be able to go and promote to their advertisers. Yes. And bring back whatever money they can. So while they should cancel it because they're not representing us properly any longer, they won't because they making whatever money and they cutting all overhead and all of it.


You rapping the car, Hey, you host for peanuts and fucking chicken tenders. Y'all performed for nothing. It's like, enough enough. Now is It Is It is trash bro. The performers and I'm, I don't mean just Boss Manilo the performers, all of them were doing multiple songs. Fat Joe is up there just talking. No disrespect to him, but usually the host, you know they come out. Yeah, say a little bit, you know, might do a little monologue, a couple jokes. He's just talking because we're buying time. There were no presenters really. They handed out one award and that was Tiana and Tyler walked out to announce Travis Scott has won the I am Hip hop award And I'll save y'all my commentary on that.


That was the only everything else. Like Fat Taylor. Yes. T Taylor, fat Joe is announcing like, hey, we just wanna a shout out. Kendrick Lamar has won eight awards tonight and he's holding one in his game actually. Percent. Wow. No presenting. That's sick. The insult, bro. This this entire show was bad. I'm telling you like bad, bad at this point. Absorb it into the regular BET awards. Give it. You don't even need to, you don't even need to do separate awards if this is what we give. Well that's the thing. We never gonna absorb it into the real BET awards because y'all take y'all little loss leader asses over there. We are not combining y'all with where the real money is made. We don't even want y'all to have an argument as to nothing that has to do with our real bottom line, which is the BET awards.


The BET Hip, Hop. Awards is just to service an niche little group over here. Keep some type of cultural relevance to what At this point. It's over this point. It is over. There was some hot Hip Hop Awards before. There were classic moments. Classic moments. That Was before. But you need the participation from the artist to do that. But, Well, A and BET remember was looking to sell then they didn't sell, was looking to sell. When people are looking to sell, they're looking to cut costs. Costs. Yes. Or somebody new was coming in to cut the costs. Why the fuck are we spending X amount of dollars over here? But it's like, yo dog, that one year after the 50 year anniversary of Hip Hop. Yes. Talk about it was disgraceful.


It was inexcusable. I saw nothing but complaints when I was looking around and nobody knew that This shit was coming on. At this point, you're doing a disservice to the people that you asking to be a part of. Facts. Something that they really passionate about and, and It is saddening and it's saddening. I had to cut it off. I cut it Off. I was close to cutting it off. I cut off, but I'm like, maybe I, I, I got a job and I have a job here too. So I said I gotta watch This Shit. Job I gotta watch This shit. I love This shit too much to watch it. This made a mockery up. As Much as I love Hip hop, This shit really hurt. I was sitting there telling my girl, I'm like, babe, this is bad. Like I, this hurts. So what Was the response On social media? We told you, Most people Say, I didn't even know what was happening. That is what I saw.


I didn't know what was happening until Jayan said it. And I'm like, I'm like, damn. It usually is a Tuesday right around the 12th. I'm like, yeah, it probably is. It is tonight. Geez. Yeah. I don't have nothing to say about it because it was just ass zero. Silver linings horrible. Whoever threw this event, y'all shouldn't do that again. I don't Have a silver Lining. Y'all shouldn't, y'all shouldn't do that again at all. I get it. You might be making too much coin to, to turn your back on it. But take a break. Do like, what's our, the Rock Nation festival that went away? The Rock Nation brunch? No, not the brunch Made America Made America Made in America. We still don't know why, but every year they make an announcement to say, eh, not now.


I take that to mean bad time. Bad time for business and what we trying to do and how we trying to, So instead of putting out a subpar project or a subpar product, I mean, we'll just chill. But there was no part of this show where I'm like, okay, they bodied that or they got that right. They did this even they did a like a, I wanna call it a tribute to Rich Homie Quan. They had type of way playing with nobody on the stage. That's nasty. So they just played the song. Song On It is a fucking mess Play song. What the fuck? It is a mess. It is a mess. Yo. Hey ain't ain't a deep deep dive here man. Y'all should stop that shit.


Yeah then please. It was bad and y'all should stop it. I ain't even about to rack my brain with trying to unpack how bad everything about the BET Hip. Hop Awards was. It was bad. Got it. That's a shame. Like for a casual fan, fuck niggas Love it for a casual fan. You watching this and like, ah, I was literally sitting there like, I think the Hollywood, I thought it was spoof. I think The Hollywood Unlocked awards looked better than this. I'm like, this is a joke. This is, this is disrespectful to anybody who really, really loves Hip Hop. The Guro. What's that? The Guro. What's the fucking The Gillo? The Gillo awards better than it. The iHeart Awards. The Children's Choice Awards nigga. Yeah, the Nickelodeon Awards look Better. Well they got money Than this. True. They Got a lot of money.


Nickelodeon Motherfucker Cameron Ma. Yeah, you what you're saying? Yeah. This is disgusting. Nasty. Pack it up. Look, she trying to get that Nickelodeon awards check. Can you see presenting? She wouldn't let us know. Like she did the Caribbean Awards. She just pop up Melyssa Ford. Hey guys, I, hope they throw that green shit on you man. I know. They come in here and tell I'm Caribbean. Got it. Got it Girl. The way she pulled that off. She's everything. She's every woman. I watched the episodes before that and you were like transitioning into your black Caribbean side. I noticed that you was dancing a little bit. I'm like just to prepare for Caribbean. You know that I always said that I am part Caribbean. Yes. Forever and and ever and ever.


Yes. You, right? Yes. Okay, But you ain't tell none of us you was I missed that in 20 years. Oh, Okay. 25 years. I have not heard a word of Caribbean. I Canadian or Titan ass. I Am. Yes. Whoa, Whoa. What Tight ass. Not no Titan ass. Well yeah, well yeah. It is but the Canadian. Yes. Mad Caribbean. I never heard she's Caribbean. I never heard that. Yeah. I'm Beijing. I'm Speak some shit. What? What do speak some shit. What do you want me to speak? You know they speak English in Barbados. Who's they? Bas. But that's you. They Just have an accent. Yes, they have an accent. Why? So Why not we? Why is it not we? Oh God. No. You did not get me. And you travel a lot.


I Don't live in Barbados. You travel. I never have. You travel a lot and you have Caribbean. So it be identify. Okay, we, yes, we You traveled a lot and you have not been back to Barbados. Okay. Call me out on some shit that's triggering. Fuck. Oh, Okay. Okay. Adam. Karen got, She pulled out a big We On triggering. Yeah. Strike one. Being Caribbean is trigger. All right. Moving right along. BET Hip. Hop Awards. Please don't do that shit again. Jay won. Absolutely Love it bro. Get out that love bro. Don't do that shit again. You gonna hurt your brand. Actually I'm done talking to BET. Hip. Hop. Awards, Jay Juan and other artists like Jay won. Don't hurt yourself going to do that shit.


It ain't important no more. Don't even waste your money booking the Vegas flight to get out there and do all of that. Hootenanny It is, I don't think he could have known though that the production value was gonna be so low. He didn't know. Hin Hindsight is 2020. Yeah. Yeah. So we we speaking from this point on. Yep. This was my first time seeing that award show in the nightclub. Yeah. So if that's what we're doing now, value yourself enough to present yourself. Especially this is the introduction for a lot of these people. True. Like BT Hip. Hop Awards is for people that are typically in the introductory phase. You don't need that introduction. First impressions last a long way. We don't need it from them. We don't. And they tricking us with that.


BET. The B part. It's really wet. It's really wet. It's not bet Wet as far as the drug. That's No wet as far as white Entertainment Tv. But shout, shout dust heads out there. White dust. I, I thought your bag today. I'm phone white entertainment. Televis Got it. I ain't never gonna shit on dust ass name. I know. I know my phone. Dust Headss are coming out and build a computer. They would nigga They comic An attic without Atlanta With the junk drawer Dust head to pop the hood of your trunk and get that engine right. Fuck. Could you talk about and chapter the nine to pop dust heads out there. The functional, the functional dust heads, the fun and chapter.


The functional cokehead. Oh yeah, that's a bunch of, It's a bunch of Y'all see how Twisted America is? Y'all twist y the functional dust headss but recognize the functional cokehead. Yeah. I don't know about no functional dust headss. I know the functional coke heads and the functional heroin addicts that literally work nine to five jobs. I don't know about no shit. Dust heads and then in management word Upper y'all nigga position. Shit y'all nigga that toes, y'all bring out the silver, the silver plate for the line. I mean shout my niggas that bring out the little special setup they got. Get the snorting some shit. But don't do that. Don't do, don't do drugs don. Don't do drugs. Ain't do drugs. We have 100% not condoning that. And my parents are listening.


What else? What else is important and unimportant? Let's stay In music. Let's stay In music. We talk about, you know, coming off of BET awards and stuff, we got Grammy awards. Tommy Richmond, Your man, your cousin. Y'all man. Y'all man, that's y'all's man. He's At y'all cookout. Who's Y's? I disagree with so many of the white people that they said are allowed to the cookout. I disagree with all of them. I agree with some of the black people that they let to the cookout. But that's a story for another time. But. yeah. So Tommy Richmond is submitting for rap song of of the year. All the categories. Yeah. All the rap. Wait, So he's submitting He wasn't, there's no nomination. Well the nominations aren't out there. Okay. But you have to do a set, you have say category before Tommy Richmond who just a few weeks earlier said, I am not a Hip hop act.


Yep. Hmm. At this point I'm confused honestly. You either fucking with people or you on bullshit or you just really don't know any better and maybe you're being handled poorly. So to your point from a couple weeks ago, Tommy Richmond would've done himself a service by shutting the fuck up. True. Absolutely. Yeah. Literally. Yeah. That'd being said, I wouldn't have liked, even if he never said none of that Hip hop shit, that song being nominated in rap categories would be weird to me still. I agree. Same. It's Not a rap song. It would be, but I wouldn't mind saying I wouldn because understand now I'm, I'ma Do what I could Do the melodic rap song I'm, I'm with. 'cause there is a separate category from Melodic rap. I'm not mad at that even though I still don't know if it's that.


But general rap categories, It's not, it's not that. But we wouldn't have kicked this back in so much if he would've just shut up and submitted to Yeah. My handler's going to put a, yeah, we gonna put a we That in that case you're trying to win wherever you could win. Yes. Because you've been running your mouth on said issue. Now we look at it like, oh nigga, why you don't go submit, get The fuck outta here for like pop, Pop, whoever you're trying to be. No pop. Yes, I understand that. That may be a more difficult win for sure. So you stretch your ass over here and then turn your face up at us. And that's where people are like, all right dog. And again, I haven't heard but so much of his music, I don't know if he fire enough to behave this way.


I don't love this. Whatever the name of his hit Is Enough for him to behave that way. I love to beat, I recognize that it has the chopped and screwed elements. I do rec, I do recognize the elements of Hip hop that it Has. Sure. Now let me just ask not but It ain't, his performance ain't rap though. It ain't at all. Not at all his Song and That's How it should go. Not At all. Even when the tweet came out, you know, like I said, I, I told y'all why I could understand what maybe what he meant by the tweet. Is it possible that, 'cause the artists themselves don't do that submission shit, that be your label, that be your team. That'd be some of that. So they could be sitting there saying, Hey look, our song performed and did this. We are submitting this over here where we might have a better chance at a win.


This really ain't got shit to do with you at this point. It's like playing a dollar to win the lottery. I understand, but I'm Just saying. Yeah, nobody's mad At him. I'm not ho I don't, I'm not gonna necessarily hold that. If he say I'm not Hip hop, hold on. If he's saying I'm not Hip hop, but my label is going to say, well nigga, shut your ass up. We submitting you for, for rap regardless. I'm not gonna hold that against him. Got you. That's all I'm saying. I have to hold it against him because, because you don't control shit. It's your job Got it. But as casual consumers, the label is not planning for around the people that are nobody knows shit. We just moving on on accord for our best interest. Right. It's his job to be locking step with the people that he's in business with.


True. True. Okay. And so somebody should have had the conversation with him weeks earlier, Hey this is how we're submitting if you Are. I go, they might not, but do you know, so I make my stupid ass statement. What makes it Nastier to me is that maybe he did know and that's why he tweeted that shit. Yeah, that's a good one. That's a good one. That makes sense. That's a good point. That's a good One. That makes sense. Lemme Get ahead of this Once it's submitted that way. I was like, oh, he's taking a stand. That is, he was taking a stand against something. Yeah, That's A good point. Alright. So he might not know any better because you don't want mosey on down there to the Taylor Swift land. Yeah. And to Billy Eilish land, like, I don't know, carpenter getting with The quickest.


And to some of these folks that don't know no better. The term Hip hop has a certain connotation to it that they don't wanna be a part of. We just saw a report come out where the Miami Dolphins did not hire Mike Tomlin because they said he was too Hip hop. Yeah. Why? They had the opportunity to hire Mike Tomlin back in oh seven and said we did not hire him because he was too Hip hop. That's funny. 'cause I think homeboy they coach is mad. They Publicly, they publicly said That. I, no, I don't think So. I've never heard that. Yeah. Well, how, how, how do we know that that was said? This Is something just, just just came out. Yeah, because if that's true, that's basically saying he's too black. Yes, yes, yes. Very much so. Which is what we say. And Why would they say that he was too Hip hop? Because they can't say he's too black.


How So? We How is that a fucking identifier though? That's crazy. That's how It is. I hope that's false. No. Okay. Because in my opinion, every 22-year-old black boy that you now are going to getting that that you now are drafting, they all too Hip hop too. So the, the good, the dudes is good enough to be Hip hop to play for you, but not good enough to be in a managerial role that speaks to the organization. Lemme Ask you, you get what I'm saying? Like the kids that you drafted, they're not too Hip hop to be running back punts on your team or to be catching fucking touchdowns for your team, putting revenue in y'all pockets. But the black man that's gonna be coaching these kids would be quote unquote too Hip hop. That's disgusting. I. hope That's fake I. hope that's fake. What If he was doing it in reverse? Meaning like, you know how Macklemore shit won?


What if he's saying that, you know, you putting, I'm a white guy, I put my song there just in case it win. I don't want anybody to think that I may have felt it deserved to win compared to the other songs. Say that when you get up, Dude. You know what I'm saying? So what if in getting in front of it that was his intent? Like yo, you know, 'cause he probably feel like it's not Hip hop, but these, some of these songs, I don't know, I don't wanna base it off of the skin. But a lot of these songs that don't deserve to win end up winning. So what if he just doesn't wanna offend the culture? I don't know. Yeah, You took it to my next thought. I understand the submitting the win is gonna be the uproar. Absolutely. For sure. Seen if were to win in these categories.


And unfortunately being with the popularity of the song Yep. It probably stands a good chance to win. It can. It can't. It's interesting. I I I Didn, I don't have them win. I don't have them, I Don't have them beaten. I don't, what's it not they not like us, but Melodic rap or something like that. He might stand a better chance In, I think that this is totally just freestyling. I think that the, the board may like getting some of these famous TikTok dudes so we can put it in the commercial or advertise that're nominated. But I do think that the Grammy board still tries to have some integrity as to who and how it's won. Well typically, Typically the people that vote, which I may or may not vote this year, we'll see It's your in the Grammy actually are in the fucking Hip hop culture.


You know what I'm Yeah. Their peers, They changed some of that, right? Yeah. Yeah. I don't vote because you have to vote in all categories. That's Not true. When you fill out the, you Pick, you pick out certain ones, you can only, you can only vote. I think, I wanna say, I think I only was able to vote Hip hop and r and b for the most part. You could pick which ones you wanna vote. You only have a certain amount of votes. You can't do Hip hop and RB and country. Yeah, you'll run out, you'll run outta Categories. I didn't know that. It is been a few years. I could have swore that thing said, I think they changed it a couple years ago. A few Years ago. That's what It is. That's what, because that was my problem. You had to vote back in the day. Clearly. So you, for every category you country, I'm not well versed in every category and I don't wanna skew a vote That makes, so in 2023, the Grammy, The recording, they just changed that.


The recording academy dropped the number of fields from 26 to 11. So that's before you, you had the all 26. That's 11 votes. Ah, Got it. Yeah, you could only More flexibility. So you can only, so people are most likely gonna stay to the shut. They know what they know. So if you're a voter, you could vote the three or four RB, the three or four Hip hop pop. Correct. And stop it right there. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Well that's all you can do. Gotcha. No, that makes sense. Yeah, that makes sense. s not that many people, unless you just a music aficionado that's gonna be as well versed in country music as They are. Yeah. The best gospel album. That's what was Happening and that's what was happening. So they, so now you start, you don't know nothing about rap. Alright, well I heard of this song right here.


Let Vote for that. I don't know what the fuck none of these records are. I was relative, I'm relatively well versed in other genres. So I started trying to vote for a bunch of shit and then it like stopped me Got. it was like you can only submit this amount. And I was like, all let me go vote on the shit that I know, Know about the shit that I want and I want to be a part of and I want to, I want to Boost. Makes sense. That's great news. I hope that Tommy Richmond loses every category. What's interesting he's signed to Brent. That's Bad. Yes, Yes. Dicka Y Don't be telling me so much shit is bad that I don't think That's bad. It is bad. I don't think that's bad because what, what category do we deserve to win? What's Mic win? Pop? He can't win Pop. He is not beating Sabrina Cooper. No, I'm not saying, I'm saying but to Wasn to you know that right?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't, I'm saying but to want him to lose like yo. Oh yeah Taylor shit. Yeah Taylor. He don't stand up snowball shit. Which Is why they said we putting your ass over here in rap. If if he wins in rap, I'm gonna feel like they playing in our face. That is trying to slide us. That is. Yeah Kendrick Should win. That's how Down Kendricks winning in rap. Kendrick should win hands down like it shouldn't. Kendrick's probably performing there and winning But I would like them to pan the camera over to Tommy Richmond's white face. So I could see it as he loses. But I don't know if he has the profile for them to do that. No, I think the song is much more popular than him. Yes, That is true. If he Walked by me on the street, I wouldn't know. He would not know What he looked like. Wouldn done took that song that's in commercials I think. I think it was like Target or something like that song.


I didn That is outta here. Real It is a Million Dollar Baby Boy. And he's been around for a second. He's like signed to Brent Faye's label and like even That's a smoke screen. Yeah. Well I don't know all That's what they do to make these dudes pop. Yeah, Yeah that's true. He's like, you know, trained in opera like a lot of his classification of his music is Go there is Alternative or r and b Soul or Pop. Like this is really his one and only Hip hop record. Oh, You read his press package? Yeah. No I just, because I really, no, I was curious. She had his Deck. Yeah, we cracking on you Got It. Send me your, I'm gonna get you to the J Opera singer.


She knew it was topic. She she prepared for the pod. You what the fuck? I was curious to see what he actually looked like because like you said, the song is bigger than him. Where you, So the black young niggas, you know, you, you wast successful with. So try white young nigga. Good, we gotta, oh that's fucked up. Yeah. You don't care what Donna look like. You wanna go look at homeboy Mel wouldn't date Tommy Richmond. She would not. No, no she would not. I don't even know if he look Different. You would, If he looked different than what he looks like. I think that there, I think my criteria is bigger than just, oh you have a successful song. You, you Fell for the trap. My question to you was if he looked different, The trap, Would you date him?


Probably not. Why? Probably is it An age thing? Well no this, you know, you guys know this is a very weird question. Why Is it no we don't. Oh she's triggered again. God no you can't say she didn't use the word. Oh. Why? Why can't give it a word? Why am I not out trying to actively date everybody that I find attractive? Whether they play sports or or music or actors. You don't know Shit. Shut the fuck up If they came across your path. No, that doesn't even guarantee that I would be interested. I can appreciate you know, a pretty face and a nice body and not wanna do anything with it. That's true. Think he's got a bod. He definitely does not have a bod. Not from what I can see. Tommy Richmond. Bad luck Honestly, yo.


Honestly, yo, yo. Could we get a lot of new listeners? Shout out to the first and last time listeners out there. If anybody confused out there about who I do it for. I do it for the people that think a lot of shit sucks. All This shit. No for real This shit does the Facts. They called the fucking moral police on me about the nine to five. Shit They did. Them niggas said I was in poor taste. I said you niggas is poor. Oh my god You said that bro. No and you lack taste. He's lack poor intolerance. Yo. I come on Joe.


Yo. On what? And you tell niggas cancel their paton you. Yeah you in a different bag. Yes, yes. You niggas will not hold me hostage to your five, 10 or $25 subscription if I think some shit suck. And I really believe that I'm coming here to say it true. And if I reserve the right to party a certain way then nigga I'm Cyndi Lauper. I mean party let me party how I want to fucking party. Yeah, That's a fucking nutcase. Whatever rapper Motherfuckers. I don't want no smoke though man. But I do it for the people that think a lot of shit out there sucks. A lot of shit does suck. Yeah. You new niggas that come around with your fucking good moral compass and your yo Or I need the, the, the shit that doesn't suck to at least not suck for some duration.


Yo. Me and Mel don't suck for A couple years. Me and Mel and Amani I think went to Angie Martinez's barbecue. I came back here and said Mel, protect your little pretty girl image. I wanted to leave and not be around the commoners and operas. I also coined the phrase depos. You did. Why did they think that some shit in good taste and And the bro. Yeah I'm nigga my middle name is poor taste almost It is a joke. Loosen up out there. Pay your fucking con Edison Loose.


I did see a lot of people defend it too. They was like, yo, it's fucking jokes. But. yeah I don don. I don't want people listening And they think they referred to the tag as a scapegoat. No, refer to the tag is there because we put the tag there because we come in here joking and then y'all out there accuse niggas of doing something crazy in real life. True. I saw one nigga, he, he said yeah I do work a nine to five but I ain't never smoked dust. Yo. That's when you know, that's when you know it's like I go Fuck, that shit was funny. I don't like that. I don't like that. That nigga's Just crazy. I'm not mad at that. I don't fuck. I don't like that Shit. Listen, if it's part of my story then It is, It is allowed.


But my story is one of like Ascension. I ain't, I'm not ashamed of doing dust when I was a teenager. Nigga It is just funny. That's, that's what was there when we was a teenager. You niggas is doing what's there now. K two, K two Fentanyl, fucking Huffing the blues. Yeah. come on Ni ni Nitris Laughing gas. You niggas just want to laugh as I know y'all miserable and knee painkillers you. Y'all Out there taking drugs for a hardy heart. Y'all lack A friend that could Tell a good joke. Even the fuck Caroline's closed and You niggas is at the dealer. What the fuck are y'all Talking about out there Anyway Man, peace and love to everybody out there.


Shut to nine five. No matter, no matter what tax bracket you win, no matter what you make, how you choose to spin it or have a good time, man, shout out. Shout out to each and every one of y'all. But if you're giving me your kids' fucking hot pocket money then take it back. Take it Back. Like I don't have a gun to nobody head nigga. I do not think that you should be on basic cable because you gave me the 10 99 handle you First. And then if you can subscribe to what I like to call premium. You know it's funny 'cause I did drop out. What does premium mean?


Somebody help me out. What's premium do it mean? All of them. Look at these niggas. Now I'm going to pull, I'm gonna get definition for you Done for real premium all while you do that higher level time for my favorite part of the show.


Price Erickson. Camera on me. Not flip camera on me. Not flip. It's never on me. Listen man, pride. Good pride. Oh Shit Prize Fix is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Yeah, I don't need you to take my prize fix over to the Barclays and costing that nigga. Let me, let me do what I'm doing here. You know what I mean. Pride Fix is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Super easy and simple to play. All you need to do is select two or more players across all sports. All sports are in play. Look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win big this week on PrizePicks. I'm looking at the schedule. Lemme switch it up man. I'm going with Jayden Reed, my man. Okay, go. My man. You think been killing it for me? Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh my God. God. You been holding me down. Shut up. I'm going with Jayden Reed for more than 70 receiving yards and I'm going with Drake London for more than 65 and a half perceiving yards. He's been cooking up for me too. Yeah, he has. He's been turning up for me these past last weeks. Drake, London. Go ahead now. Kamar laid egg for me last night but it's okay. I got Denver defense. 20 points on the board. Yeah, They put up a nice 20 points on the board. I'm gonna get my 28 no matter what projected 1 44 and two on my fantasy league. But it's okay. We'll keep it moving. And I'm going with Sequan Barkley for more than 67 and a half rush yards. Please download the app today and use promo code JJBP to get $50 off instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. One more GaN download the app today and use promo code JBB and get instantly and get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So run your game and good luck to all participants out there


still on music. Yeah, Tyler still on music. Tyler has echoed what I and Parks and many people have echoed for a long time. Music needs to come back out on Tuesdays. Facts. Let us live With This shit that's Monday night at 11:59 PM Tuesday at 12:00 AM Let us actually digest all of the hard work that you put into this project and not be forced to listen to it during passive listening time. Like the weekend. Yeah. And then Monday comes, I'm right back to busting my ass. Shout to the nine to fives out there. We ain't got time to listen to no fucking music on Monday. Dropping on Tuesday. Let us sit with this.


Feel it. Yeah. And and and and go about our way I think. I think that's part of what's killing the longevity In music. I agree. I agree. Partly is we don't know what songs deserve longevity or not. I wish what they would do is drop the sales link on Tuesday, Monday at midnight and then put the stream up on Friday if they wanna play it that way. Force people's hand. If you wanna get the music early, Buy it. Buy it, pay The pay the $10, pay you $10. I wish it was a better way of knowing what albums even come out every week. I Gotta look at Alex Page. Yeah. It's like a secret. Alex Let you know This shit is like a secret man. But Tyler the creator love his rollout. He does. That trailer Was Fired.


He does a tease one day. He announces the next day and it's normally a 10 day wait before you get the project. Shout out to Tyler. I think, I think that that covers one of the best covers I've seen in a long time. Yeah. And just that it was a film. It was a one minute film of the people in the line and the go into the box and blow up the box. This shit was fire. Just one little minute of art. Creativity. Yeah, creativity. If I've been working on this and I knew I had this fire trailer and fire artwork coming in. I'm not fucking Jerich Carmichael. I'm almost insulted. Well you know what, I got the tuck Over here. I'm almost yo nigga I got a heat rock coming. You think I'm fucking Jared Carmichael.


I'm letting you down with the ease. I'm farting in the room. My girl hate when I let him down with the ease. She won't be mean to bitches anyway. Why they don't like that? I don't know. 'cause you get, you making to think she got a chance. That's Right. That's it. But if you wasn't here she may Havet had a chance. Oh I'm not gonna say That all I'm talking about your girl. I'm just talking about in general. I'm just saying letting them down with the ease mean that they won't double back and create some chaos later. They Just Oh okay. Thank you so much. Well it was real. It was. Nah. They want you to be rude and hard cut 'em off. Your girl wants you to really do it like, like a man, like the duh bitch.


I Would never Yes. I would never get the fuck Outta you. You know I gotta a girl. Yeah. Dust bitch. Yeah. Like that's what your girl wants to put What's the expectation in, in the reverse scenario. Don't fuck yeah, don't open the legs. Don't get that nigga no box legs put on. And if you give him some box just missionary. Yeah don let don don don't give no head. Don't let that nigga do no fancy shit man. Yeah. And don't give him no head neither. Look, if you gonna cheat bitch, be regular with the cheat. Yeah nigga lay there. That shit don. don. No noise. Don't be fancy with the cheat. Don't no bitch. Shut up. Don't let that nigga grab up the engine. None of that. None of that. Yeah. Act like you don't feel it nigga. I'm gonna fuck if he to his knee like itch.


Act like you don't feel it. Am I in the twilight zone? I don't know what the fuck they talking about. I feel like I'm in the twilight zone listening to y'all. Well I agree with them. Like what, what happened? Oh okay. Just all of a sudden you guys speak for all women suddenly. Okay. With your girl cheating. That's What I said. Nobody said. Nobody said, said If you're going but if you're going to do it, I hands Said that Our hands off. Nobody said that. Yeah, Listen, I'll do this with you real quick just 'cause I did it with her. Gonna jump in the reverse one. I don't plan on knowing I'm not, you did this in real life. I've had these, these talks. Gotcha. Okay. Okay. Okay. In in in the past. In the past when I was more toxic than I am today.


Gotcha. But I don't plan on knowing when you did something, IM not looking in a phone, I'm not looking in the iPad. If I happen to I'm I'm going with I trust you and I picked you to represent me and that means even if I ain't there. So have at it how you see fit If it crosses my desk, Yes true. If it crosses my desk then we will then we will handle it accordingly. And that really ain't gonna have too much to even do with you ain't gonna have too much to do with you. We gonna have a little quick talk but now move. 'cause It is man shit going on here. Mm. And I ain't gonna hold you. Like if you got a little nigga in your hometown, it's bringing you a little fool.


Hey if you got a nigga that's mad me dropping off some money for the kids or something. Like I See how that Could be temping For you to stop. Don't let it sounds Good. Right. I'm not a, I'm not a great Shit gonna be dropping off either. I'm saying, I'm saying Dropping dick off. I'm saying I understand how it could one be tempting, tempting to your, your partner and if you in a long lasting committed relationship, I expect us to have to go through some of these hurdles with just how we deal with true outsiders and and and third parties A lot of times. Us men. Us men. I got some oxtail money. Bitch don't be yo. Yeah we selfish though. Like whatever we do, we don't want you to do what we do.


We don't, we can't take it. Yo, you one of the only people I know that will open that says that out loud open. Admit that because it's the true that nigga be like, yo, I want to do it and I don't want nobody else to be able to do it. I'm an narciss. It is, People will say it, It is the truth. Like if, if I, if I'm friendly, friendly with a girl, if my significant other does that, I friendly, friendly with a God nigga. What? Why nigga that nigga put his arm around your but what, what's going on? I wanna know. Yeah. If I see it, if I don't see it then you know no harm no foul me. True. Exactly. I'm not looking forward because and the Caribbean, there's a saying or there's a saying that if you, you find what you looking for. That ain't ain't Just Caribbean. That's everything. I'm sorry I'm not gonna look for it.


Like sometimes if you may be texting a little bit late, I may look around that I'm like nah I ain't do that. You know what you gotta do in they text head just gotta look at they face. Yeah because the smile they can't, But I don't subscribe To, at one point my wife was doing this like turning the phone warn me so like stop, like stop with those tricks. Turn the phone. So I, I'm not gonna do the same thing. I'm not turning my phone. You can turn the phone all you want like this. Turn the phone, type it like this. Oh I'm not doing that. My screen is dark. I'm talking My hoodie like You can do that. Does Your wife have the passcode to your phone? No. No She knows it. She knows it. She does? Yeah. What type of Martian shit are you talking About? She knows the password to my phone but she doesn't go through my phone though. That's not her bad. See Change the password after you give it to 'em now change the password And then put it on them.


Nigga you, you must have heard wrong. You Put the wrong shit in your phone. Your phone. Yeah. You fucked It up. Me and my girl exchanged passwords a couple months later. I seen her typing the password. It was different. Then we fought a little later. I was like hey nah nigga your password changed and mine didn't. She's like you're bad. Oh, Shit, Oh, Shit. Whoa, whoa gangster. That's A you're bad. That's a fact right there. If you're doing some shit, change the password. Shout out to her. That's gangster. The Alize What you want me to do man? Nothing. What could you do Missionary only yo that's nah see I don't want Print. I don't want none of that. Nigga tell that nigga hold his hand like this nigga Go like this.


Don't You know what I paid For that nigga? Hey I paid for that. Oh don't give a fuck I paid for the bbl nigga. If that's the case I Paid for it, tuck it yo because your gonna going. I'm cool and I've been giving my girl a hard time on, on the air for a little while so I'm cool. You know my problem is what this Go back to, You know what I don't like? I don't like girls toxic women Like When you as they man is showing like is when you being nice and like showing some jealousy Or Yeah, yeah. Yes. That's crazy. They like, that's crazy to me. Love it Everything it goes smooth.


Smooth. I Think that's sick. That's It is sick. I talk to my girl about that all whole time. They should change the tide. They want You to be jealous. Tell I'll be like, yo, you will say or certain shit you'll say, you just wanna get a rise outta me. And she be like sometimes not knowing though. And so lie to niggas in jail 'cause of that over jealousy. And I just be like, you don't get men go somewhere else. Control shit. That's, you get the right jealous nigga bro. So The same can't be, you don't find that appealing or attractive when she shows little signs of Jealousy? No, no I don't play And nor nor do I do that. I don't, don't play them game. I'm not trying to make you jealous. I don't. And and you know because I talk a lot of shit in this podcast. But to, to simplify it the same way that while when your girl or your partner is speaking to you and, and when she say It is women games that you might not understand going on.


So please just take my word as a woman, this is what's happening. That's true. It's the same for men. That's true. I've learned it's The same for me. So there's men games, there's going on Be right. No, no, no. They Be right. Yeah. I Don't even argue with no more. They Be right. And I used to argue, I used to argue with you. I used to argue bro. No it ain't that. And then it's always that. Now I gotta walk back. Yo that's you was right my girl woman. Then I Gotta change it. Two yo you mad bitches wanna fuck me Deflection king like You mad I'm likable. And then when that don't work, I gotta change the two. Wait, you don't want a partner that's nice to women. Oh you good? Oh boy you got gas, you got a full tanker This. shit this Nigga This Shit Chopped it.


Fuck the LEDs. This nigga got gas Baby. I love you. Fuck these nigga. What fuck these niggas talking about. Whatever last fight I brought her on the air. Fucking shit. Talking about Was right about what these I Like. Wait, wait, wait. She agree with me. I don't remember. Yeah. Yeah. I don't even remember what you said. That's how I knew we was on the wrong track. It is like you agree with that nigga listen word don't talk to me about PA stuff in real life. Oh Man, that's work girl. I'm trying Tyler the creator that. Huh? I said I'm trying to remember what it was. What their last thing was That you, whatever it was you agree with this was right and and whatever he said she'll tell me later. I'm sure she'll tell me later. I'm sure.


Come on, come on. I was about to say hi mom. come On. Hey ma. It Look short. You was ducked down over there. Hey mom, She'll she be hiding my mom over This please. You're looking good. You looking good. Got that confessional on the way. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Wheres we at? Tyler. Tyler. Some of the best artwork I've I've ever seen. Beautiful. Beautiful, beautiful. Can't wait to hear the project. I also agree album should come out on Tuesday. Abso I think announced Absol announced. He did. He did. Absol announced. Did somebody else announce? Those are the two big ones I remember.


Yeah, I don't Remember anybody else. I mean I don't have none. No I can't wait to hear. Same. Yeah, same. Ab soul put a put a record out today. Okay. It it features our guy Jason Martin, formerly known as Problem. Problem. My man shot The problem and I didn't get a chance to hear it but you know he's, he's rolling out. He is. Which I'm actually happy because you know how TDE normally you gonna wait between projects. He just dropped and he's back again. I was really shocked when he put the, I'm like, wait solo's dropping again. Then he did the freestyle good. He did the freestyle. That shit too. We are seeing something different here. Crazy. That Freestyle we just seeing something different that's not the norm. So I Love it. I'm, I'm looking forward to it. Project will be out in November.


Yeah. Can't wait. Can't wait. That's what I got Cut solo. Alright, so do we believe that Michael Jackson beat Tupac up? Yes. Yes. 100%. Somebody tell me where we're getting this stuff from. We Got this from an interview, right? Yeah, yeah. Break it down. I don't remember. It is, somebody did an interview and he said that Tupac Was dating Quincy Jones' boy Was dating Quincy Jones' daughter Kenta. Yes, yes, Yes. And that's like Michael Jackson's niece and they was leaving a club and he and Michael Jackson heard Tupac say some shit that he shouldn't have said and he stepped his business about it. Yo, you can't talk to her like that. That's like My niece. That's like my niece and Pac said whatever you said.


And then they got the scuffling and homeboy that reported this said that Michael Jackson beat the shit outta Tupac. I believe that talking We walked right all over his S that got mic fucked up. Mm. Come on. Tupac wasn't the biggest of guys so he would definitely wasn't. And Mike was A Crip and Mike wasn't the biggest of guys. Mike Fight, Mike was Tall. So we gotta fight between PACS one 60. Mike is 1 25. Yo different 1 25. So We gotta fight between two people. Yeah. But Mike got that strength of my dad been beating me with the Switch my whole life. And that was, and I'm A gang member. You talking about older Mike. Mike in the nineties, Mike was A Crip. Yeah. Yeah. Mike is a Crip. It wasn't the nineties. Wait, it would've been the nineties. 'cause Cop died in 96, nineties, died in 96.


That was Mike just turning white. He was still black. He was just turning while he had some nigga in them. Yeah, Yeah. Nah, he did that 1 25. But it's Cool. Mike went to summer. Jan stepped to them. Rockefeller niggas. He did. He did. He was up. Dick. Mike got away with a lot of shit. I don't Know why this sounds so unbelievable to Me. It is because of the, when people think of Mike, they the perception of Mike Soft, Softspoken soft. See him smacking the shit out of nobody. Y'all think Mike had hands? Yeah. If he Joe He definitely, he was probably a kicker. Yeah. Joe Yo Kicked you with Loafers Joe.


Whoop they ass nigga. So Yo That is hilarious. He's showing you his moves. Yo, Mike kicked that nigga with them. Loafer show Mike whooped Tupac ass. Man. I'm rolling. I Believe it. Even if it ain't true. I like the, it's hilarious. The liar. Yeah. I just like how this story sounds. Yeah, Prince Prince Spark but Pocket Away from that video. But Pocket And Prince was shorter than Pocket. Ooh, that kick would've been easier. Yeah, but the motorcycle's fast. He's shorter. But that motorcycle that he tried to run him over with is pretty fast. You gotta move out the way Mike Prince can do them High kicks. Yeah. See Pac can't High Kicks and The split Pac can't have a Harley Pac was out there with his hands talking about Knuckle Up.


Mike hit that. It was from Jackie Chan. Shit. Yo That is hilarious. My nigga Mike being Chuck Norris on the lowest Funny. That's hilarious. That That is hilarious bro. And I could see Mike fucking some shit up. But why I just can't see Pac not spinning the block. Yeah, PAC wasn't, but Pac wasn't crazy Time. Why that nigga where's house at Gary, Indiana or some shit? He Got it over there if you want to. Yeah, yeah. You're not doing that over Bubbles. And I'm gonna whoop your ass before you even Get fuck. Could you Talk about yo, I think Pac would've rolled I, Mike, I don't know. I'm not gonna be disrespectful. Yeah, yeah. It's, I'm gonna leave it alone. I love, no he wouldn't. I ain't never seen footage of either one of them fighting. Well We saw footage. I saw footage of of pop fighting.


Pop didn't win that fight. He didn't win that fight. He Wasn't fighting Michael Jackson. What you Mean he didn't with the male in Vegas? Yeah, he was stumbling somebody. He didn't get Beat up. Yeah, don't say Melee again On his broadcast. He ain. Yo, take your little vocabulary down the street to your fucking The Maylay. The Maylay? Yes. Casino shit. What a carrot. She ready to call the cops and Casino? Yes, Mel the Melee. Okay, Just clarifying. Nah, PAC's been in the block on Mike Tito. Somebody, somebody gotta get it. It's gonna Be the last block he spot. Damn sure is. Alright. So everybody here believes that Michael Jackson beat the shit outta the pop. No, I don don't think, I believe maybe beat shit Out of him but Pop Mike.


Because you're also not gonna see it coming from Mike. You think shit expect Mike shut your, you think Michael and Pop was turned up off that you know he been drinking? Yeah. You think you think Mike could put him down with a two piece? Never. He probably slap that nigga. Oh no. If you don't see it coming. If he don't put him down like His ass. How I picked up Mike, Mike running right home to buy his publishing. Oh Shit. Even if he don't on home on the way home, car, car phone back Then for sure Mike. It's all eyes on you. Huh? I need all of it. It's me against the world. All of it. And And I heard It is changing his name to Machiavelli want that too? You know what, it's not you against the world now. It's us.


It's Us. No, it's my world. I am your world now. It's my world. It's my world. No Pac. What's Pac real name? You know He wasn't even calling him. Pac Nigga real name is Tupac. Do Lil, What's his middle name then? Ammar. Yeah, he was calling him Amma. Tupac. Sorry Amara. You're never getting your pub back. Now. Should have never spoke to her. Spoken to her that way. Like I told you in a club that night, This guy's a fool. Shout to Mike man. Shout to Mike Pac You, right? Huh? That was racist. Why they both black? I mean one got the white procedure done.


One is rest in peace to Michael Jackson and Tupac. Man, I don't think that we should know about the squabble and if we do it should come from Quincy Jones when he get outta his grandchildren's care. That was the next one. He or Eddie Murphy ain't anything out no more Or Eddie Murphy. Nah, him and him and mj, they hung out and he was the first one. He'd be like just dumb. He's really Just dumb. Anybody else was there? I some type of way. Some Type of way. He's given interviews where he said that you ain't get, you ain't catch me. Eddie was that Nigga. I not try to catch you. I didn wanna know how you got that green card girl. How you got legal Way? How you got Question man?


Yes. Expedited. Were you and Eddie on first name basis? Like he would say Melyssa. Hey like Ed for real. Not in installations. Like did he know you by face at One point? Yes. Okay cool. He forgot you now. Oh Shit. I mean And rest In peace. Charlie Murphy. That was my man too. And Mel strike me as that to try to get into the Murphy family through like the brother through Darl Murphy. Ray Murphy the nephew. She to get, She gonna get in Aurora family somehow.


She trying To be No she wanna be Kagan Markle so bad. Another stupid Rest in peace Man. You Crazy. Rest in peace. Michael Jackson, Tupac Shakur. Shout to Tyler the creator can't wait for that project and yeah, I like the war continuing against DSPs with all the people that we like to listen to. For sure I do. Yeah. Those are the people That are supposed to be trendsetting. Indeed. Tyler Power got the got the freedom. Yeah. J Carmichael don't try to spin the block now that the nigga album dropping. You want to come around You know what I mean. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why you say that? I liked you when you was down. Yeah, but Didn didn't like you.


The other party didn't like him so he didn't. I'm genuine. Alright. And I wasn't down s good Point. That is A great point. I wasn't down. That Is a good point. Why wouldn't Fucking been a long time since Tyler was down? He were, I agree with that bit up nigga. We don't know that Tyler's bisexual right. I mean says it in his music. But. yeah. But. yeah. I don't know It's It could be a troll. It could Be. And then him and Jaden Smith, that was a it could t that or Dub Jaden Smith nigga move. Okay, well we then we Fuck it when you was young and cute nigga move. Whoa, you older now. Puberty done hit different. You look different with cyber. I don't like that Facey hair my Nigga.


That niggas Just crazy. Yo, your mustache ain't coming like I thought it would Nigga Mo. I like Tyler being fucking Picky. You guys pick the litter. Oh, shout to that Punk Flux freestyle. Speaking of punk flux freestyle. Oh see? See, Exactly. Exactly. Maybe It is, you can't play it like that. No. Now we gotta find it. I got you. Now we gotta find it. Tyler. The creator might be the best bisexual rapper in the world. Honestly. You say you never heard it before? I never heard. Oh I never heard It. Everybody heard it Oh. yeah. you ain't Flex Reaction. Cool. Now we gotta play it now just to figure Tyler, I Got it. Tyler Tyler's the man Yo. Yeah, Tyler's great man. Fucking Aaron Hernandez Got a three hour interview.


I'm cutest shit. Tyson Tyler, not better. Just let the world know you are a geek Goop Nerd. Fuck. Fuck you. Goop Goop. Hey. Okay I pretty, I said Free Rakim. Free Rakim. I might fly to Sweet in the free him braid my wig ASAP tat oh my ribs. That's switch with him. Then I could fuck all the sweetened men that I want to actually I'm going to heat it up real quick. Motherfucker. I'm LeBron. Listen, let's flex, let's go. We just met. But I know it don't seem like all Kelly wet dreams. I always keep 16. Let's go Tyler. Me and Flex looking.


The index for Buff net Niggas just for some hot but sex. Bring it back free. Rock Him. Free rock. I might fly to SWV D free. Great. My wig asap. Ta oh my ribs. Switch with him. Then I can fuck all the sweet men that I wanna, actually I'm going to heat it up real quick. Motherfucker. I'm LeBron. Listen Flex, we just met but I know it don't seem like all Kelly wet dreams. I always keep 16. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here go flip Me and Flex looking in the index for buff net niggas. Just for some hot butt sex.


He had to be strolling. That sounds crazy. What the, what's the greatest freestyle ever heard hilarious Flex reaction. Talk About Nah, Tyler's the greatest. That nigga Sounds great. He said that For real. He hit the end. He thought it was fake. Flex was him. Yes, flex was right there. Flex looks so Flex. Flex was like confused. He was like, He didn't know what was Going on. Like wait, wait no. His mouth dropped to the floor Pause looking for some hot, but sex the fuck they talking about man, disgusting bro's. Crazy. So no, he's the best rapper in the world ever. Look God, but sex for real.


Oh that's debatable. If we figure out if dude is eh, forget it. I don't wanna seem like I'm harping on things. That's what people do a lot. They harp. I realized that recently when I was talking to somebody. I was like, nah, niggas be remembering shit. It is like nah, no they don't. They be harping. It was like, oh that does mean something different don't it? Explain. Well does harping and remembering mean the same thing? I don't. Well, harping on It is Complaining. It is over and over about It. Yeah. Yeah. Huh. That's what I'm taking it. That's what I'm, that's how I took it anyway. Okay. Remembering It is is you remember But to harp, I don't like niggas that harp like you feel like men should harp think Might consistently, I was just asking like how many harps you get a year.


Not dead. That for real. I'm trying to learn. Nah nigga. What you need to harp What is there to harp on? No, see now I'm on that side. Wait, who are you harping now? I'm on the other side. Men should harp. We can't talk to nobody else. No you Shouldn't harp Nigga. We should get to harp. I just don't think nobody should hear it. Who you harping Harp. Har can't harp in the mirror. We should harp to ourselves. Harp in the mirror. You Had to remember that. You harp on things. So you, Well then if you harp to yourself then you'll continue to harp. I harp. But don't nobody hear True Silent. Harp. It's a Silent. Harp like silent night. And that's okay. But if your harp come out, man, when we Hey you a bitch. You A bitch. Why? We can hear your heart Grow Some, grow some balls Nigga. Oh my god.


Mel you gonna break a leg? Girl, we see it. We, we see it from the front. It's okay. Thank you, Thank You. You're killing yourself. No, this is size negative three. Get some jeans that fit you girl. Oh my god. You work around nigga. That's hate. Anyway. Y'all want to get into the domestic part of the pod. Are we done with the music segment? Yeah. I don't care if Rick Ross got a new girlfriend. I don't know why that's up dear. Because y'all think I'm chatty Pat, gossip man. And maybe I am sometimes But. yeah, you do something. Niggas ain't gonna keep getting me by the trick I invented. You not gonna do that. That's my Trick. What? Get the little known girl, make her hot for two months.


Dub her, break her emotionally. Leave her, leave her. Abandon her to Break away. Abandon her. Yo. Hold up. Leave her to get ridiculed and attacked by the new audience. You've introduced her to watch her struggle through life for the next 10, 15 years. And then do the same thing with a new girl a month later. That didn't happen. That didn't happen to all the girls you dealt with though. That's right. I thought you keep em for some years before you do all, all This shit. Well because y'all, because y'all, you do all This shit. But okay, Y'all misrepresent me. And those are the relationships that the public kind of knows about. We misrepresent him. The other ones people don't really know about.


They blew it before they got hot. See she did it right. She moved in and made the mac and cheese in a box. Them Mother bitches was leaving me after a couple hours to go feed their kids after they ate my kids. Oh my God. So what the hell is wrong with you? You don't even get to fill out this application if you don't eat kids the right way. Don't let none of my kids drop. And where's the girls that Like, I feel like it's a dying breed. The bitches that eat kids Babysit them right in your stomach. Fucking black. We want, we want Tell why they keep dating white bitches. Oh, I'll tell you why. Wait for me. Whi What?


This cream You right? You got this cream on my back. We want 24 hour kid, nigga. All okay To Australia. I go yeah to Europe. It is then ma. I can't, nigga can't. Why Can't just come on your back like back in the days On your chest or go Your face all over it. Over your, let me paint your face oozing down Picasso. Yeah. That Nigga's out here pulling out. Fuck nah, I don't pull out but at, I'll pull it out. If I can do a little paint and sipp. I can't. If I could do a paint and SIPP Pull it out. What you sipping? What you sip? You. You, you tasting your own gin.


You freak. I meant a red couple On the inside. Oh. All I thought you was a freak shit nigga. A beverage of your short. I thought you was tasting your own shit. I thought you, I thought you went to another level. That's not what I'm talking about. Nah, I don know. Shit. I thought you was a freak shit. Say shit or some snowball shit. My fault. Yeah. Don't say That is crazy. Now let's move on to our domestic segment. Y'all. You always suck This shit up. Y'all get, you always get nasty and then when nigga call you, I don't For that. That ain't a regular thing. You right. My fault. That's a mistake. If that happens now I feel like the black Hey how'd that get up there? Shit, how was hor here than I thought shit shot to my fucking eyebrow.


Whoa Boy. Got to be fast. Shit cable. You gotta be more careful than that. The yeah. Whoa. Careful that your put your eye out. Damn boy shooter shoot ain't it? Oh man. Shout to the nine to five niggas shooting out there. Fuck they talk about You know what I mean. Long hard day of work. Ain't got a warm piece of pussy to come home to. Gotta just do it yourself. You know what I mean. Shoot the club up. Fuck we talking about? Shoot the club up. This episode is dedicated to you out there. Each and every one of you. Nasty ass truck drivers. Y'all hit the back seat of the truck at the truck Stop. Hey, hey. One day We gonna talk about the things I've seen and those truck stops just pulling over to Pee.


Nigga y'all niggas in the woods with it. Theresa Little ins get there. Oh my guys. That's that lot. Lizard shit. Yeah man the asses Liz. Lizard Lizard's called Lot Lizard. Oh I wasn't here. He might have been in Portugal when we were talking about lot lizards. That was a shot. That was definitely shot. That was a shot shot shot too. That was, yeah. Coulda just said he wasn't here. But that was play time. Why you Had to identify with y'all? Because it was not that long ago. I didn't take and that's Why I didn. Why you harping on where he been? Oh Shut the fuck up. You doing a lot of harping Lot lizards are basically the proses that hang out around the truck. Stop. Is he insidious? Oh you think he's insidious?


It is Wrongest I. You ever saw a lot Elizabeth before? Stop the anger management. I don't go, I don't go to truck Stops. No, you don't stop to use the bathroom and pee. The truck stop is the same shit as a car stop. What is a fancy way of truck stopping? I is an elite truck stop. I Haven't, I haven't driven a long distance. Oh. Oh got you. We playing in my fifties. I want a camper. Camper fun Like a Winnebago. Yes. I want one. No, they got some seeing Got it. They do some out bugging in there. Yeah, they bugging. They bugging in there. Now where You gonna go? Anywhere North Carolina. Whatcha you Gonna hit it to the R Joe? Huh? You To First class. What you want?


Come on. Like what We talk about. I think that's the kind of 50-year-old I'm gonna be Ish. I don't, since you asking. Seriously. It won't be. I don't it won't be what? What type of 50-year-old do you think? I, yo, I'm gonna get a phone with a, I'm 44 right now. You're gonna be the guy with multiple Ferrari. That's the, Yeah. So look, escort. So listen God willing, right. Yo Ascension, you don't think Change is possible? No. God willing. Your ascension will keep going up. Hopefully. Right. So next is a boat. Yeah. So the last thing on your mind is going to, and you're not really fond of people Or roughing it. Yeah. So the last thing on your mind is gonna be riding around When big Shits be fly, I think it's gonna be they be fly. Super fire. So you're gonna take it camping by yourself? Yes.


By yourself. In the woods. No, With you stupid. I'm not going nigga. Yes you Nigga. You going flying somewhere. We going pod right in the forest. Oh, she's there school meeting. Gonna happy pack up the equipment. Well Lemme stop. I'm never gonna beat the allegations of paying the half friends. All right. I'm joking, I'm joking. No, they've been pulling out. They do. Big gun. You pissed them off. No, they been pulling out day four. They b pow bow. You pay to have friends. Yes. Ish. I ain't hear. And you in the an Noobs. I wasn't. I was A friend down. We let you live with that for free in the a Noms. I wasn't in no a Noobs. I for help nigga. I ain't even know what I was doing.


Tell what they going Joe ass. I'm in there. Nah now man fuck these niggas. I need a break Just to watch step. Look at, you know the words. Look at Ma. If you knew the words that would've been classic. Same boat with a lot. Dolly got slapped. I ain't Lie. Come This shit is a about a little bit. What? Yeah, whoever wrote That hook though needs a, an award. She wrote, She wrote That she needs an award or more award. She got She's monster writer bro. She's a monster writer. Million. No. Yeah, She don't play with em.


She ain. Need to write no more. Once Whitney fucking did what she had Had to do. Yeah that was, it was Over. Whitney did what she had to do. That was the end of that pen. I know that pen, that pen went right to bed. Nice. I'm never writing, I'm never writing again. What's The name of your sheets? The frat sheets. The sheets on RET sheets? Yeah. The, the, the premiums. Y'all Know had to sign some shit the other other day and didn't have a pen in my house. That sounds, I have some that sounds but nah. Small and stupid. It'd be hard to find sir. I didn't have one Pen in my house. Not even the junk drawer. Shit. I gotta keep him in The junk drawer. Gotta have the junk drawer. Got shit. Think About the last time he write though. Think about the last time y'all used the pen. I used a Pen cake. I used a pen all the time. I keep the little, you gotta check Check one. I took a little posting right there that No shot and Brought it in for Mandy brought that Chase checkbook in for Mandy, man.


Like Mandy was girl. That was Chase. No First union. Mandy. It was Chase. Like, girl, I ain't moving. Give a fuck about you. Wachovia. Finally. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Moving on right along. I'm Working 9 2 5. Safari or Erica Man or Mustard. Oh, Safari or Mustard. That's our domestic segment right now. So Safari and Eric, Amanda have been wilding. Shout out to both of them. We spoke to Safari on Patreon last week, but not about anything pertaining to this. I try to stay away from things like this because one is sensitive. Two, this kid's involved.


Three is the domestic matter forest in court. There's cops involved. You don't know what's going on. And when you know people you want to try to be a little, eh, Makes It a little tricky when you see the ladder footage though. Yeah, I saw that footage last year. Oh, okay. Like he sent that to my, he sent that to me last year. Oh. I was like, oh, Oh, oh. Yeah. She even said it. She was like, that's from 2023. I've changed 2024 now. Like Safari leaked the footage of her putting hands on him, pushing him just being aggressive. She put out a series of statements replying to some of this stuff. And that went on for days until I think she finally said, you know what, enough is enough with everything on the internet and I'm gonna try to squash it with him.


And that's where It is. That's demand. I've tried my best to not even look at any of that 'cause it's just close to home. Yeah, yeah. I get it. That's your people. But my heart goes out to both of them during the domestic, during the domestic issue. I I hate that. I hate that We know so much today. Like I don't want to know that Erica Amina grabbed a ladder and climbed over some shit that she shov like we know a lot, but You know what we do. Yeah. So outside of the fact that you're close to the situation, 'cause you, you know, you got relationships. I'm not close, but I'm in a proximity But. yeah. Yeah. I get it. I'm not mad at him putting this footage out because to defend himself, you ha you, you kind of got to today you, if you, if as a man, if you don't have some level of footage to show, Hey look, I am a victim here, you lose.


And it's fucked up that that's where we are. I say that all the time. I'm like, yo, start recording. Shit. You gotta record. Anytime I've had any type of issues with somebody, well my phone girl start turning up phone. First thing I do is pull my phone Out. That's not what I'm refuting. So I'm with you. No, I'm just, because you said we know so much. I'm just like, This has to come because I agree with your premise. I agree that if you are being accused of something, you should have video or audio that would help your case. No, I don't think it needs to be presented publicly. You gotta have the video and the audio so that you don't get the accusation. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. It's not about you being accused. You gotta have a video and the audio so that you don't get the accusation. You said came man, are Y'all talking about The video is in response to what?


Nothing. So he just put the video out? Yes. No, no, no, no. That's not true. They was beefing. They was having a little, they was having, Okay. So I'm assuming that she made some kind of accusation that this video was supposed to, it's All according to him trying to get a child support lawyer. Yeah. The, Yeah, that's what it always boils down. Him being the bad and the first thing I saw, well one of the first things I saw from her is her put up a calendar and she's marking the days in which he sees his children, which she says is like 14 days out of the last year. So they're having the child support dispute. Publicly, publicly, publicly. Publicly. I'm just saying if it was me, I'm holding my, actually it has been me in the past. I'm holding my evidence to show to the people that it matters to 'em.


When I get a verdict rendered, then I'm, then I'm coming out, then I'm coming outside. But while This shit is still up in the air, I'm not giving the other side time to defend against anything I have. Right. You're not showing your cards. That's not true. Tell Me. Not in their instance, because they're public figures, public opinion. And I'm shocked that you said, I'm shocked that you said you, you Not you as and Melyssa, you're saying Melyssa because You saying that you, not with him releasing the footage publicly. I'm shocked that you said you're not With it. No, it's It is not that. I'm not with it. I was asking what it was in response to, because it, it obviously was a response to something and I just, I can't go back that back that far to find out what it was about. When Joe was like, yo, I'm not really with him putting it out. And you was like, me too.


Oh, no, No, no, no. It's the whole thing. I'm I I'm with that. It's both of them. It's both of them. I'm with that. Talk to your therapists and your lawyers and leave us the fuck out of it because it's just, to me it's, it's tacky and I think there's kids involved. We, This Started Our celebrities. I think this started when he went to the Nicki show. But What I'm saying is they are celebrities and then the, and the court of public opinion Matters. It matters. Yep. Like he's saying like, yo, this could potentially cost me money. You know what I'm saying? Well, he's saying that in court he's making money based on my perception and based on my public persona. What I'm saying to you is if he's saying that in court, why, why the need to say it publicly? Because Again, you're getting judged in a public opinion and somebody that I might wanna do business with Yes.


Might be thinking a certain way about me. So this could be for them. And I'm tacking whatever loss That is onto my case. I still can do both. But you still wanna make money and you want to exonerate yourself to the public letting 'em know that this is not what's going on. Come hire me still. I just never hear lawyers tell people to do that part. Yeah. And in addition to that, the public in, in addition to that, you can't say for certain what the public's reaction is going to be to whatever you put out. True. But I can, I can try to, It might make it worse. I can try to, None of the comments after he put that out was still in support of him. Oh. Shit. That's crazy. That's when they taught me a new term. That's crazy. They, In the comments, they said That is reactive abuse.


Huh? What? Yo, you can't win. I've Heard it before. I'm telling you what. No, I've heard it before. I had never heard That before. I've heard it before. Explain. Listen to this. I can't. I was, I was ignoring somebody. No. Can you explain? I was ignoring somebody calling me, calling me, calling me, calling me. Like texting me and calling me and texting me and calling me. And they told me the fact that you are not replying to me is abusive. Okay. So reactive abuse by way of its definition is reactive. Abuse occurs when the victim becomes the aggressor against the abusers. Such as by pushing, punching, kicking hair, pulling it physical and verbal. That's what he did. That's not what he did though. No. That they said, what they saying I'm asking, saying what she did was reactionary abuse.


That's what they're saying. So I mean in No, In those comments, that's sector of the internet and that's why, why my reply to y'all in terms of public, the court of public opinion is the people that hate you hate you already. Right. That's true. Like there is nothing you could do to prove, fuck The people though. I'm talking about money. Business companies. Business companies. There might have been a business that was like, alright cool, yeah, we'll work with dude to do X, Y and Z. They might not even have had the conversation or he was on the list of people they were considering and now you, because of course you do your due diligence. Oh he got X, he got this going on. Nah, we not even gonna reach out to him because this is attached to him or he's this type of person. So that video could be, Hey dog, the shit y'all heard about me ain't that it's because of this.


And now they might say, all right, well we'll fuck with you now. Well a company, honestly, they're not really gonna be looking at the tit for tat. They're gonna be looking at the overall situation and be like, you have a lot of mess going on in your life and we don't really wanna have anything to do with that because we don't want that stink on us. Yeah. They're not really parceling out. Well in, in 2023 she did this and in 2024 he did this. They gotta be deep, they don't give a fuck. They gotta be deep in bed with you to care enough to figure out who fault this is. I do understand that part again, please, my art goes out to both Erica and Safari Safari's probably listening to this. So salute to him. Absolutely. And any man out there that's, any person out there that's going through these types of messy co-parenting, child support, case disputes, it's hard to be hard to be classy in those.


It's hard to be classy in those. We have DJ Mustard settles with his ex-wife over child support. She was seeking 80 grand, I think the number is 25 5. 25. 25 grand. Three or four kids. Four kids. Four. They said four kids and also a alimony fee of 300. Three 15. Yeah. 300 grand. 3 15, 3 15 something. Something of the sort four. I think if I'm DJ Mustard, that's a win. That's A win. I don't know what his income is. Not that you're looking to win or lose, but I'm just saying if you, if listen, if somebody asking for 80, You Got it down to 25, that's 20 per that's lot. And I Got it down to 25 for all four Four.


That's a win. And I believe that Mustard can afford the 25 a month and the $300,000 flat fee. Wow. I think he's somewhere celebrating. Yeah. And I don't feel like she come off too bad either. No, this is money outside of whatever you doing on your your own. So I mean not my place to judge either way, but salute to all parties involved for sure. Salute to all parties involved. Salute everybody. That shit is mess I to go through some of that shit in Los Angeles. Ugh. Ooh wee Heard they be cracking you. That's where they are. No, no. Where are they? Yeah nigga, what you talking about?


I heard California crack your head. Yeah. Oh. yeah You he got lucky. You looking at California is one of the cities. I'm not, I'm not having a baby in States. California's a state LA Yeah. Nah, not at all. Pull out snip you pull out in la Pull pull out in LA Face paint ain that what You said. And you gotta pull out different than you normally do too early. Yeah. Like when you, when you fucking somebody you don't have that chemistry with, they don't know you. Yeah, I'm about to come. I'm about to come move. They just gonna sit there. I doing that stupid ass bounce bitch dude move. I'm about to come. Do not need a side baby.


She's sitting there still. I'm making the dumbest, ugliest face in the world. Mouth open, screaming Move bitch. It is your ass Up? Yeah, I'm about to come move. All right, so salute the Safari. Erica Mustard, his ex-wife as well. We done with domestic news. I think so. Big Meech has been released Big. come on, clap it up for that. Clap it up for that. Clap it up for that. But be careful as you clap because the court of public opinion. Yeah the new kids on the block. So why You get us to clap then nigga? Because we want to clap. I don't know. I can't, I'm not speaking for Mel. Ich is cool. I know the rest of us want to clap. Shout to Mech. But the new kids is out there Doing what they do.


What are they doing? What are they doing? Having a voice? Well LeBron apparently tweeted something to the effect of free big meet. Yeah, welcome Home. Big meet. Yes. And then somebody came along and said, oh yeah, let's celebrate the fact that this person who murdered people and murdered people with the drugs that he sold, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. He was like, yeah, you're such a great role model. And That is starting to pick up steam amongst the people that you know, they was shout out to that they was five, six, and seven when Meech went in. Adam niggas is fucking 19 and 20 and 21 and 22. Yeah But they're also probably watching BMF which is so counterproductive to, or like counterintuitive to this whole fucking argument.


No we, we respect So you're gonna be entertained by the whole thing but morally you are aghast when this tweet goes out. No, we respected different type of niggas. That's it. When we were younger, whether it's right or wrong, that's what you know. We respected, we salute. So when somebody makes, I'm not talking on nigga don't respect i I something outta nothing. I respect that. I don't give a fuck. Yeah. I mean of course I care when I don't, we don't look at the logistics, we don't look, we don't look that deep. Now as adults we can look that deep into it but we didn't look that deep when we was coming up. Yo the nigga gonna smack DV d this nigga's doing that. Yo, he got the mayor doing this or he got all that shit that that that shit was fly. Definitely. And the Hip hop we at the time it was on the DVD nigga all this money around the city. I liked it.


Oh big mes what up? And then you meet the nigga Blue and all them niggas when they come around and smack have them around, they're just nice people. So you know at the time people don't want to hear that nigga. Oh you little niggas out there. Who the fuck y'all look up to Steve from motherfucking blue blues clues like who the fuck y'all look up to Bur and Ernie and them niggas. Huh? But Bur and Ernie was gay. It is is gay. How about how you feel And Batman Robin? Yo. You said what? No Batman Robin's not gay. Yes it was. No they Not. No they not. We not gonna keep doing this. Can thatall I gotta stop sound. These niggas, well if y'all ever pick me up to go out and I come out and red tights and some black underwear and all Of now you now you judging that nigga.


Right. Don't Forget to green and yellow. Yeah Fuck that gay. Right. Superheroes is Gay. Yellow panties on trying to save somebody like nigga Crazy. Shut up Robin. Nigga crazy man. Move Robin. Move nigga Gay. Stop it. Hate we gotta do that shit. Word Ernie. I don't really believe that but I people say Mr. Rogers, your whole childhood is a myth. Rogers you be my neighbor Engaged. Why you looking for a neighbor? Why you begging? Begging For it? Yeah. Mr. Rogers wasn't engaged. Yeah. Why you got that sexy ass cardigan on Looking like something. Yeah. Why hell got some height on Yo Parks.


Mr. Rogers looking like Tall ass slim Jim. Huh? Nigga Hey yo respect Mr. Rogers name. We not doing that. And He had manners too. Took his shoes off. Yeah He was just cool man. He respected all the children and people around. Everybody had to take their shoes off when they came up and they get comfy. Yeah He gonna be here for a while. You gonna Atlanta make believe. Right. And He walked, He always walked over to the closet but didn't open it all the way so we could see what was in there. Just went got a sweater and dipped all Mr. Roger. He was in there. You Got it big dog, you Got it big dog. I'm done. I'm done. Listen and as far as big me, the big mech conversation, which to me ain't about to be no conversation. I wish I had the clip of the dude that was like anybody that succeeds in the drug business, you've succeeded in 200 businesses.


We just don't know 'cause we don't have the information. You are expert in shipping. You are expert, no Nigga got marketing you. Yeah. You did a swap analysis, all of that. Yes. It is so many things that you have to, that you have to excel at to become, make that work. Yeah. There and some of these mythical figures, right? We look at them and what they've done and the decisions they made as an alternative to doors being closed, systemic oppression and just how society is, yada yada, yada yada yada. But they don't wanna point that out. They're not gonna point it out 'cause they don't even understand that you had to overcome that to get who you are. My thing is I want to see y'all, same people that's mad about Big Meech coming home out there protesting that they locked the Sackler family up.


I wanna see the same fucking people. Sack family. Sackler family, The ones that created the opioid crisis. If y'all care so much about drugs and what it's doing to people then go out then then care about all the drugs. Have that same voice for the legal drugs, legal that's doing the same shit to people. I don't want to hear that shit y'all picking and choosing Fuck outta here. Amen. And Right like outside of the drugs, outside of whatever he did. One, do we believe that you serve your, you did the crime, you do your time, you come out, you can be rehabilitated. And I don't don't have to hear about that anymore 'cause I just went and did 15 years. It depends on if who the person is. Yep. Okay. That's it. Okay.


And And on top of that drugs aside, you know the type of brilliant mind you have to be to say I'm gonna buy all of the alcohol inventory in the club and now anybody who's looking for a bottle needs to come to me to have a conversation because I have a label and legal money that I'm trying to get popping and now Puff and Hove and all of you niggas just have to come to me now in multiple cities. That's tough. That's just a brilliant plan outside of drug dealing. Sure. Do you know how hard It is to conquer the entire south and then come up the eastern corver door supplying people with a product? I don't give a fuck what the product is. It could be pencils, it could be fucking liquor, it could be nigga.


It can't even do it with water bro. Do you know how hard That is? It's a different level. I don't, I don't know a product You sell a Joe. I don't know But you sell a Joe button podcast so and you trying to sell the show nigga that shit is hard. You know how many conversations you gotta have? You just was on a PJ Playboy. I said it's tough to sell one of anything of Any bro. That nigga conquered some shit. And honestly I hate to keep getting flashbacks but I'm not fully healed. I'm not over what Franklin's mom did. I'm not Meech made me think of It again. It's an emotional decision. I don't give a Fuck. that shit is wrong. That shit was wrong. It's an emotional decision And I'm still hurt over it.


Kind of I gotta, I didn't see what you did. I don't know. Yes you did. And is this real life? No, we're talking about, This is on snow at the Very end Snowfall, The very end of snowfall when he went to go make that call and the money and the dropping and the mom came and oh man, what happened At the very end of snowfall, he lied and said that the father was still alive. The dude, the white dude, the CIA agent had killed the father but he told the mother the father was still alive. They had him in hiding. So when they went to release the bank information so Franklin could get all his bread back, she kept saying where's he at, where's he at? And he was like, stop playing. You know I mo that nigga out.


She got emotional and shot him before he gave Franklin the account number to get the all the bread back. It was like 30 mil, 40 mil, something like that. It was like 70. Might have been More than That. Might've been more something Like that. And he was like in A, but it wasn't T-shirt. Her reason he the street like alcoholic. That was The main reason why she was also saying that like she was, the way she was trying to explain it, how she was protecting Franklin Franklin himself from himself. Himself. Himself. Yeah. Like I'm not, I can't let you get that money Because because you're a monster. You're a Monster. So you can't, you can't basically, you can't win this Way. Who that's Shit, he just brought back memories. Yeah, he was an alcoholic in the street at the end, right? Yes. Him That is so good. Hmm. I think they What? No, I think I said them.


Okay. They're saying that they released him to halfway, halfway, Halfway House. Halfway house in Florida? Yes. Kind of the same type of release that Terry got. Yeah, Because Terry came out what, a year ago? 20. 2020. He got a Covid. He came Out in 2020. He got a Covid release, got Covid. So he came out, he had to monitor. It was same Thing. And Mech is out what, five years sooner than he was supposed to be released. Mech was Supposed to get out. I think it was 2028. Yeah. And he has to do the halfway house until 2026 and then five years Supervis release after that. Damn. That's hard. Easier than Prison though. I remember when he, I remember when he went In a two year, a two year, a two year half is a long st stat.


It's a long stat. Sure. I mean you go out on weekends sometimes, right? Depending you go out on weekends you Start getting privileges. Yeah. You start getting privileges. Yeah. Work releases. Yeah. Hell yeah. I don't feel like me. I don't feel like that's a super long time. Sure he is super happy about it. Lemme not speak for him man. It's halfway out until January 20, 26. So it ain't two years, 18 months Got. it ain't even. And why We on this shout to Wallo. This nigga Sha. I just read some shit that Wallo his probation, he was supposed to be on probation till like 20, 48 or some wild shit. And they, and they and now they took him off papers. So that's coming to me too. Shout Sal Wallo, shout To Wallo man and shout to Gilly for throwing that party or whatever he did.


Highlighting and recognizing, celebrating that Wallo got a early Release. 2048 I think it was like something crazy. I don't quote me but 2048 dog for you. They basically be setting you up to come back to Jaywalk so we can lock your dumb ass up back again. So I don't Feel like Mechs halfway house experience is gonna be like ours. That's True. Probably not. He might have a house inside that halfway. That's true. It was, It was was hitting me when I was just reading all the commentary about Mech again. I remember him going in the big deal that that was just how long he's been gone and kind of just sat and just kind of those years are just blocked out stupid ass niggas on the internet talking about man Meech gonna lose his mind when he come out and see all you niggas smoking a hookah together.


They was just naming all these scenarios that Meech is gonna have to get used to. And it's like I would, that shit was hitting me in my soul. Yo like damn Didn't see the strippers. Akbar went on the whole ranch. She's like I couldn't me they out here going crazy. It is 17 niggas on one bottle. They out here getting all the dancers with $3,500. They spending 3,500 in the club. Because That's the part that's missing too from some of the new kids. Like Meech to a lot of people represents a way of life and and a time that's encapsulated True to never be Repeated. Yeah. Can't Do it again. Like what Dumb niggas was doing Was unheard of un every night, every city. It wasn't like some niggas gonna do that shit once over here.


It was never ending. Brother niggas was like yo, I want a hundred bottles. If you got 92 bottles, I'm good. We not coming. Did you Guys end up ever going to like any of his parties? Yes. Okay. Yo one, your dog ain't allowed to here. No. Why? Why No, for real. Why is she catching a stray right now? Because, and I wasn't even sha Shading, she be playing with us. Don't well Don't, I'm I'm not shading. I was going Who you talking to? I was going, I was going ask like Oh but Who you asking be specific? No Room. I ain't answering you. Go ahead talk to them. I don't know what room you're talking about. Who? I don't, I don't know who she's talking to. I want her to say it. Stand on it. Who you asking if they've been a a beach party?


All of y'all have You. Yes. So then what? Ask them. See because see It Is what I yo say you look it say you look down on us. I it was to look. No it wasn't Say that's it say it. It was to say it and you don't reply. It was not for that. She told nigga They ain't never been to Hugh Hef. Miss Grotto? No. Yeah Mel. No Mel. Mel. Alright lemme speak for me it then they can answer you. I've been, I've been girl. I've been girl. It was literally to wait Wait but don't step on us. You hear us? Yes, I Hear you. I've been, I figured y'all had been, that was why I wanted to lead the discussion into talking about the opulence of the parties. How extravagant they were on another level. Most people think that they, oh my life is a movie when they go to fucking live.


They never saw what a movie actually looked like if you hadn't been to one of those parties. That was what I was leading towards. You could have led to that without making us feel bad. Yeah. Did I bury the lead? I'm sorry. Led to, I apologize Without making us, without being mean. I wasn't being, I've never seen a niggas in no strip club though. No I'm not even strip Club. I'm just saying I've been in regular clubs. I've never seen a niggas in the strip club. They, them niggas in the strip club would go, they turn their upside down. I heard like the club literally would be raining for five Minutes. I didn't have no money to be in the club. Me either. That's what I said. I ain't Uhuh ain't But my and nigga my second, my second, third time in Miami, I'm talking about walking out the hotel at noon and the word in town throughout the town is BMF Party Tonight Big meets big party tonight.


I used to just drive by whole lot of cars, whole lot of cars, whole lot of celebs, whole lot of women. Whole lot of women. God damn. And what I love about Meech coming out just just because you know restore the feeling a little bit. I saw a lot of women saying just say when It is, Hey I don't even party no more. Yep. You got money now. I'm not going. I almost got beat up at seven of them. Parties not going Different now. Nah it's d. Yeah it's Different now with my own top niggas. It's like Stan o It is different.


It didn't matter them niggas you bumped just one of them niggas here they go be back nigga move. Okay. S right, he's Right. I'll move. Yeah. I don't wanna be here anyway. Yeah I'm a go stand over my On My stupid shoulder up And and that's the right move to make in that instance. But I'll just tell you secret about me being pussy. If I bump into any nigga that's with 300 other people and they just scream something, You Got it Then you went. My bad, my bad. Any set, any initial, it could be some shit I never heard of.


Yo apartment complex cheating nigga, nigga zebra crew. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa yo. You Got it. You Got it. I respect y'all. My bad. Anna go the hood tell me yo the zebra group just fucking shit out. I got Strips boy. I almost got stomped out in sobs one night. I'm in there. You know that back rail like by the Yeah The two table VIP. Yeah. So Mano bunch of niggas with him is there. So I don't know mouse his brother at the time. I don't, I don't know mouse. I didn't know Mouse at the time. Mouse is shorter and I forgot who show it was. So we all there.


I'm standing back there Gotti all I know these niggas but I don't know him. He don't know me. Oh yeah I could hear it already. Yep. I could hear this is a rescue of disaster. I just thought somebody push This shit on me. Yo. Watch where you going. I was like yo, what's up yo, what's up to certain people means yo you what's up nigga. Next thing I know all the niggas that was with him that didn't know me was forming in. Thank God. And in sobs that formation feel like you done. You done. And it's hard. That Shit feel like you in the fucking col. You in the col. You in the niggas Looking down Nigga.


Yeah you about to get it. You gonna get your ass. Nah, nah, nah. He that's my man. Any memory I have of being in a club and a girl not looking my way for five hours straight Was A-B-M-F-R or Allen. I was gonna say Ai but that's the era. Yeah. Yo, that's the, it's the same era. Yo. This era is soft. Yo. I hate this era. Talk about it Instagram. Instagram. It's the grams, the gram shit is nasty. ITT ever stink. The gram changed all that shit. It's no mystique. It's era stinks. You don't have to be somewhere 'cause you could go, you can see it, you can, you can experience it from home. You can get flud out in the stories. Mm. They see it all. They need a all that shit we talking about like all This shit is, is is about you had to be outside to certain shit to actually experience that.


Yeah. You heard stories about it. It was a thing that you wanted to beat it. Now these niggas see it. Yeah we probably today we are lacking like It was a mystique about the All Star game when we was coming up like shit like that you wanted to be there but now you could see all the shit on the gram or the niggas done flew all the girls out already so they ain't gotta go there to meet 'em. They done got DMD by 'em already. They need to put your phone down Weak. That's it nigga you can't do it. Go outside, you can't do it. You crazy. I would, you'll be like, no, no, no, no, no. I would love to go back outside and just meet people nigga. Like the fresh air walking. I remember the excitement to do that. I remember being excited of walking go by the fucking bus stop. What? You don't know who you meet. What JR gonna do? He gotta put his phone down for the week.


Nah, don't he's Yeah he can't do that. I remember that. I remember that feeling man. The feeling of potentially meeting new people and It is not like the internet. Right. Like when you, when you're able to meet somebody in person, you feel the energy, you feel the vibe, you talking whether it goes good or whether it goes bad but you just have a good time. Sometimes y'all niggas walk together to the train station or I'm going to the store. People enjoyed that now on Instagram. Bitches and screenshot. Yo sending it. You're like come on man. Suck mine man. I'm tight. Yo. Hold me down. I'm Mad at you. I'm not mad. I'm just sitting sad Nigga. What happened to the good times man? All them BBL mommies when they was outside back in the day before Instagram, they was cool.


They was qua. I'm, I'm gonna be working here tonight. Oh I'm gonna pull up. Oh yeah. Yeah. They laughing. You got their number. It is just, oh everything is nice now. Shit is so the fucking social media has changed things drastically. Yeah nigga They just has, they just got flew to Minnesota last night two days ago. You right. Yeah. Fuck you both a nigga. They don't know. Yeah You. right. That nigga, it don't matter Nigga go up there and put his foot up they ass and he shit. Ain't nobody gonna Know. Nope. Not at All. Ain't nobody gonna know you. come On miss those days though. Just those days that You talking like at your party. At Joe party. Everybody was just like, just a vibe. Like that nigga was just talking. Didn't know anybody. I really didn't know anybody but it when Joe said, yo, don't be afraid to have a conversation. I don't wanna see anybody in here to themselves.


Quiet. I forgot what he said. Talk, talk everybody is in here with because I love them. It's a family. It is a family life feel. There's nobody here that's not supposed to be shit for a couple of y'all. Yeah, a couple of y'all. Couple Uck in the door later. Couple of people snuck in the door. But a little plus one action. But outside of that, everybody that was supposed to be there was there. You could be easy But it, you could be comfortable. Such a good time. Smiles. It was, it was. Smiles had A good time. It was genuine bro. Conversation nigga, nigga Imani wanna perform and jump around and grab the mic. Man he acting crazy like everybody came out. They Shells niggas had fun. Mel, Mel, Mel was set her playing in motion.


Nah, I can't say that I want tea my time. She said I playing emotion. That Billie Jean dance worked. That girl was nothing. Somebody Stop him. Okay. She turned her hand like this. Mel, like this. You can tell all you Want. Yo, you being insidious. Sorry, sorry, sorry. You being insidious is lit real. That ass Mel is lit. No, that was lit then. We were all lit that night. Lit. It was, it Was a good party Lit. And you thought Angie, lemme finish. Oh you thought that Angie Martinez plus one I saw you was hanging out with Angie like that's my girl. You stood out, you was hanging out with you wasn't No. So a nigga had no choice but to choose out.


I holy shit. Say that nigga s Fuck that My man, he beef with me and I never heard from him again. Oh, Shit, Oh, Shit. And it was my fault too. That nigga was Mad. Chill party was fo I, I wish damn how I don't have, if I could go in my serato gotta have it Joe. That's crazy. Fuck it. Alright ladies night. Okay. Yeah. Fuck it. Lemme out. Get in her bags when that little tiny ass get strutting around.


Knew You had version, The knew had version. So if you say song and it song Nasty. Fuck yous. I knew it. Hey look at this. Yo, I was so mad. I had to work the, what's this that I'm looking. Oh yeah, yeah boy. Yeah I see it. Yo, I was so mad. I had to work on Wednesday night when they threw girls love karaoke over there at I know you, I know my, I know my, I know. I Nigga know that pre board, that pre that pre.


They do some once a month. I ain't even gonna make it up. My bitch will fly right on a Tuesday night. Yeah, they do once a month. Girls love karaoke and that that that's it looks like a good time. It looks like. And and I love karaoke. Be inclusive looks it looks like a slice. Yeah, it looks like a good time. I was out of town, a hunker cake. Oh, it's the whole pot. I was out of town. He says the whole pie. Good pie. Pumpkin pots, sweet potato pie. Yeah. Pie, Opium, all the pie. So it's just girls doing karaoke. There's no men in there. You don't Need to go. You don't need to. No worry about nothing girl. You don't need to check for nothing.


You can't sing. You can't hit a note. You don't need to go karaoke. No way. Sit down. I wanna go to karaoke. I like karaoke. She wanna be angel fleece so fucking bad. All she do is look for an opportunity to fleece somebody with her looks. That's all she look to do. You might need to come back. You might need nigga. I ain't Ain. I know y'all brain be ain't tired of hu to fleece. Shut up. Brain be working. I ain't gonna, are you allowed to go in there? Why the fuck? You know what? All right dog.


Am I allowed to go in there With the chips in the wrist? I dismissed all from the What else we got that's important or unimportant. Important or unimportant. We done with the domestic side of this podcast. Big me's free. Congratulations to him. Fat Joe on Club Shehe. What is this about? Good. I I was thoroughly entertained But I, That was, I I I thought it was great. Fat Joe interviews are Great. Have at it Story. Tell me. I didn't see it. You didn't see it? No. He was just telling Fat Joe stories for two hours. Oh, then they're great then. Yeah, it's great. It's fantastic. I think I've heard a different Fat Joe origin story on every interview he's ever done.


Like how he It's always great. Did he tell y'all how he became Joey Crack? Yeah. I don't remember what he said this time. He Oh he changed. It kept, he kept getting jumped every day. Oh No. He said his plumber cracked was Should we? No, that was the old one. This is the new one. No, I thought he said he got jumped every day going home and his man was a black kid or something to that effect. And the, the bullies told the black kid if, if they don't help him fuck Joe up, they gonna fuck him up. And so his man helped him and that's what birth, he went home and he cried And that's what helped birth Joey Crack. I don't see the correlation. Something To that effect. That Sounds crazy. I Don't see the shout effect Joe.


The greatest Laura in Hip hop history. Amazing. I need, hey, where my camera? I need Fat Joe, Kevin Gates, LeBron and game to just sit down and talk, Tell Stories about anything. That's the Mount Rushmore. It Really Is. I just want y'all to talk. I'll pay for it. I'll pay to watch that. You could pay-per-View It. Mel, you went on Poor Minds and said that you were still friends with the game. Why you ain't come say that up here. Give us Thatt Word. He called in. Yeah. I don't remember. She go on these podcasts just lies. She lies so much. Yeah. You ever lie so much where it's just hard to remember to lie.


She just be talking to No, That was, That was he definitely called up here and you was quiet and made it seem like it was awkward. Like we couldn't bring up the accord line. I bent a cord from my vocabulary. Bullshit. I Did bullshit. And you Gonna go up there. Oh, where to go Friends today? I said, I said work. I said work be cool. I said, You made me feel so bad when you were sitting there that day when you was talking about what car you should get. And I'm like, yo, I wasn't even trying to be funny. I forgot the line and suggested the new Accords. It's a nice car. I mean it has great resale value. Mother told You I'm like, Oh Shit. My Honda ain't four for her. Little fucking favorite. For favorite shit. She went in there running, fuck she Shut up. Hey, I'll shoot a commercial. Let me, let me, we got a, We got the Super Bowl.


That's, Hey we Got Super Bowl y'all Last year. Mel and Bentley Fuck, that nigga Lambo. Hey, she went all the high, high shit nigga. I'm the one, Hey, if you gimme a car for a month, I promise you I can. Why you go, I can do a cameo. Shut Up Peanut gallery, Missy. All shit. You been got a call that nigga would give a drop top civic. Oh my God you wanna go fancy gw. She did the voice and everything. W Fuck they talk about f this Nigga. I went in there, they told that shit Top civic. She wouldn't BMW Like listen here, buckle.


Oh and lemme See. Lemme get back to this. Lemme Fat Joe. Shout to Fat Joe. Rest in peace to Liam Payne. I'm not a huge one direction guy. Me neither. Me neither me neither. The story sells. Crazy story. Still Sad nonetheless. That TMZ shit was nasty. Yeah. tmz Well let's slow down 'cause I want to attack, I want to attack that. Let's handle his portion. Yes, the the right way. Hollow. He was in Argentina and he was recording maybe an hour or two before the incident takes place. And he was having dinner, or sorry, breakfast with his girl. And there was like just, he captured a lot of footage and everything seemed to be fine.


And then the next reports that come out is that there was a huge disturbance in his room when they went into his room. There was a lot of things overturned and broken in terms of the furniture and stuff like that. His room was a mess. His room was a mess. And then he And we we I'm saying that 'cause I saw it. Yes. Gotcha. Absolutely A mess. And so then he was now laying, you know, on the ground beneath his balcony. And so the, the question was did he jump or was he, you know, did he accidentally fall or whatever the case was. So it was a lot of speculation. And TMZ actually showed footage of him laying there, which was horrific for everybody involved. His friends, his family, fans. It's just disgusting In their announcement.


And, and and how they addressed it. Like Whoops. Yeah. Like hey we just showed a piece of him. So you knew it was him. We Yeah like Excuse me, it's even worse. Disgusting. That is, That is nasty. Nasty about, we've heard from the hotel worker that was making the calls like days before his death and the hotel worker was like, I, you know, I was calling the police because there was commotion, there was a fear of him hurting himself. He had locked himself in the room for two to three days, barring anyone from entry. So he was concerned about it.


There's another report that says his ex, did y'all read that one? No I Didn't read this one. No. I hate when I'm the one that's breaking it then I gotta be factual. His ex had did something a few days before all of this happened. You saw it? She said that she was gonna release more information than some Shit. Anyway, It is murky. I don't want to speak on it because I don't really remember it, but a lot of the details are coming out. They're saying that he was pushed really gruesome scene. Yeah. Thoughts and prayers. That part rest in peace. Yeah. His real and his friends. That part.


Once they started showing more pictures of him, I, I recognized. I recognize who he is but just sad. It's just sad. For sure. And even if he was dealing with some mental health things, I hate how easy It is to paint someone as dealing with mental health things. And I think they were putting some substances on him too. Yeah. If every, All correct. Yeah, I saw that. Yeah. So again, I mean not much to unpack here. Rest in peace to Liam Payne for are thoughts, prayers, condolences for his family, friends, fans. And again it's just a lot of R ips. Lot of ips as of late.


Two months. Two months before, well before one holiday. Another two months before another holiday. Crazy. Yeah. Going going and cue that on up for us. Playboy. I got you. Yeah I got You right now. Come here because I don't need no more rps please. Whoa. There we go.


Hey. Alright. Now again, again. We still doing it for the nine to five is out there. Shout to everybody listening out there. Hold your head if you lost somebody recently. Please, please, Please, please. I love you Right. Let This rock for a minute. Let this rock for a minute man.


Anybody doing something tonight? Anybody going out tonight? What up Pat with the sexes? Where we at? Where we at? Where we at? Where we at? Where we at tonight Girl? Let's for a little bit Come outside for a little yo. Where the bed? He's playing wall ball at tonight. Wall ball coming outside with their haircut. Alright, We get to the bridge and then we back to it. Back to it out there GG up out there before I you, you know Shine You.


All right now act black, act mixed. come on now. Somebody you know the fucking part. come on. Y'all know the part. Alright man. Go At the Maxwell Show. They played This shit at the end. What it Before I let you go? Mm Niggas was in the Prudential getting it in. I bet walking out This shit was on Motherfuckers there. They did the electric slide in the Prudential Center at the end. At the very end. No. Boom, boom boom. And the Prudential, I'm leaving with something. No I'm leaving with something stupid. That nigga is had to go get some more nachos. They like why you get nachos at the end of the concert after the show Yo To go nachos Guy.


The concession stand is closing. Why they Help me some over there. Oh man. That One in the same Yo, because this is our episode dedicated to the nine to fivers. Are you paying your ties? Sorry? What's your true thoughts on nine to five s? like why you smirking? Like why you laughing like that? Mm, be Honest. What's your real thoughts? I used to be one. Tell him you down with me. Oh alright. You was the nine to fivers left me on the Left. You Ain't got nowhere. Oh Alright. come On back. Does that matter? Definitely matters. Cle Let lower. Well I guess you could say in 2013 through 2016 when I was doing real estate.


Yeah. Why you want to be damn so bad the Fall off before the fall came up. Why you shut the Fuck up? Oh Shit. J Cole got A five mail and you know that ain't no fucking nine five but I'm gonna let you rock. Okay. Real, real estate. They just get 'em. It's not, She sold that To me. Oh. Oh you're right. It's 24 hours a day, seven days A week and they self-employed. Okay. You sold that $2 million home. You don't always need to be Brandy. Well I wanna be dad. I Wanna be dad. This shit is fucking mama Mala. Yes I'm mama Because this episode is dedicated to the nine to five ERs. I feel it in my heart to tell y'all that The LinkedIn, LinkedIn co-founder says that nine to five jobs will be extinct by 2034.


What does he say is going to replace them? Reid Hoffman, the co-founder of LinkedIn made a prediction that nine to five five jobs will become extinct by 2034. The unfortunate part is that there's a very real possibility that this actually happens additionally by 2027 it's predicted that up to 42% of tasks across various industries could be automated and taken over by ai. What, what do you say to that Parkie In 2024? You cannot rely 100% on a company. That is looking forward to replacing you with AI in the near future. For them it will just be a cost cut for you and your family. It will be a financial disaster. The simple solution to prevent this is to set yourself up financially, yada yada yada. All that fucking pyramid scheme shit that we talking about.


No Couple that with all the houses being owned by corporations and all that shit, you're not gonna be able to buy 'em 'cause they don't need the money. That is what you said. It's gonna be fucked. I said I've been and Thank you. Yeah I've been saying This shit for two years, three years. Like niggas is everybody in the country I feel or 90% of the country will be on some sort of government subsidy and now they got, now they can control you. Is there any way to Reverse this? You hear that Cesar Peanut Yo It is gonna be a automated Uber driving nigga they going get you outta your little civic whatever you driving. I want to catch 'em driving an Uber so bad. I do. That was half of the, the, the port dudes with their strike, some of the strike was about money but some of that shit was down about slowing down the automation.


They was trying to bring robots in to do them niggas jobs and because they got a strong union they could fight it. Most people don't have no union Fight to delay. Yeah, delay. Fight to delay. Give us 10 years AI free or Automation for Yeah. Yeah. Or just release that shit slowly. Like slower than you Could have. So I'm gonna be mad if they get rid of nine to five work before they make it a Monday through Thursday thing. Have A Friday. Friday. That'll probably be a part of the progression. Like yo, we gonna let y'all off one day early but we gonna cut y'all pay. That was the fly shit during the pandemic that some of the companies was doing. Yo hey yo don't come in work from Home And stay there.


Even when the law says that we could bring y'all back in. Stay there. We done found a new way of doing this. That was a little fly. It wasn't a new way. Could have been it. No, we found out that we could cut costs on all the overhead. We don't need to be in an office building, paying a light bill, a gas bill, paying for this fucking three, four, $500,000 a month rent. Y'all niggas can stay home and still produce at the same clip. And that's why the commercial real estate industry is fucked, Fucked right now. Especially Manhattan Girl you bill from the real estate game. I'm just, I'm still you left keep up and shit because you know now I buy. Ooh them niggas mouth Them niggas could have double. Could've been selling to yourself Double whammy.


But you left the again dropped out. Mm you dropped out. Life happens fast man. It does. It does. It does. Yo, when I landed no non elitist way to say it. When I landed yesterday I was looking around don't start your shit Teeter bar. Yeah. And I'm looking out the window and Ian is like, yo, That's puff jet. And I looked to the side and sure enough big black beautiful jet sitting there desolate parked dark unattended Dusty. No it's a beautiful jet. So it's never gonna be dusty and not a teeter bird.


They're gonna clean that shit up. Okay. But I'm just looking at him like The rise in the fall. Yes. Oh I Thought you looked at it like damn, I wonder how much you want for it now. The rise in the fall Way outta my tax bracket. That's a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful jet. It's a beautiful, big, huge custom jet parked. Yeah, parked three years ago. Not for free either Three years ago, four years ago. Nobody would've ever in their right mind predicted that this would be happening. Your dog a parked jet. That's crazy. 'cause you and MDC like it ain't any, ain't even somebody else that's gonna be able to come pick it up and Pay for like Oh my Lord.


Yo yo. Other than the auctioner Right. If it comes to that, Yeah. I don't think it's there. I don't think it's there yet. But that yet just don't seem like it should just be sitting there parked. But I mean there's nothing else with Yeah. What else Could you do it there's nothing to do. Your life is in them. Boys and mama used to tell us, hey when them boys get a whole w Once they cuff cuff you, once they cuff you, There's nothing I can do. It's just like you drive over there to the, to the court or something and thinking you gonna be in and out and you not and your shit's sitting there. What's gonna happen eventually they going to tow it over to somewhere and park it. We believe any of these stories coming out about the baby oil being laced with whatever it was laced with GHB Or something. I don't even know what That is.


I don't know what gb, I dunno what It is. Is Ro hypno What? That roofie. Oh Roofie. If if the, if the, if the police didn't say it, it was That way. It don't seem like a good way to roofie. I ain't believe I'm not. I'm not. I mean not. That is a good way to roofie. Lemme Take that back Transdermally. Yeah, absolutely. Because you probably, How, how do you do that? Well Your skin will absorb it. Yeah But that's like when niggas Put efficacy in a bitch Ass. I understand the drink part. Niggas Put, niggas put e pills in women's ass before. Yes. Yeah. Yeah I've heard that. I understand the drink part. You giving, you offer somebody a drink, you got some shit in it. Yeah. How do you do that with baby oil At nighttime? It goes through, it goes through your calls and Like if we outside and it's the daytime It is a hundred degrees outside.


I understand the premise. Mm. Like I'm gonna rub it on you. You're not gonna know what you really getting rubbed on You think it Baby oil. I see what you're saying. Not just that everybody don't use baby oil or suntan so it ain't suntan lotion. It ain't, you get what I'm saying? Alright, come here girl you want, lemme give you a massage real quick. True, that's true. That's, that's possible. But at nighttime ain't nobody getting no oil down at night. It's sick shit. Mm. Don If, if they're not participants of it, It Is sick. I don't know. I'm waiting for him to have his day in court to explain some Of this stuff. So GHB isn't rohypnol. I just wanted to make sure that I was correct but I'm not. So this is what they, if it was GHB, this is what they say you will feel if you have taken it. Feelings of euphoria, increased sex drive, lowered inhibitions, drowsiness, tremors, nausea, diarrhea.


Ooh yeah. There's always a possibility for overdose if you do, if you do too much But. yeah those are the, That sound like the end of all the big farming commercials. Yeah. That sound like at the end when the guy come on and start talking. No. Well the At The very end, end death and then rare cases. You gotta say it fast though. It's fast as shit. Well like the feelings of euphoria and like Losing, just start throwing up. If you get diabetes from this call your doctor, they Say man you might die. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yo, I ain't gonna hold you. Put a bunch of people shorty get horny and I start humping and she start shitting on me. That's not the move. Some niggas, I think some guys are into that though. Yeah. S not Interfacing not Enough for us to discuss it.


Not enough guys for us to discuss it. It's your freak it you lick the knee caps in the back of the knee caps. Right. Yeah. You a freak. You a freak Who working like a real freak. You lick the ankle, you lick the ankles and shit. Right there you Go up. I think that's a little different down. Keep out nigga. You like an underarm, you freak what? Let me find a spot under your arm. You always trying to play mental games with women. Stop when you used to. Not now you married. Wait that mean you gotta stop playing mental games with women? I Think when you in a relationship you should. You shouldn't tease. Shouldn't man. I mean you only tease it 'cause of your ego. 'cause if you're happy, you happy you have all the women in one.


Oh your wife got on you. I see the type of weak you've been in that. No, because I don't watch the podcast. You think I don't hear, I don't care about that tag in the park. I said, I said what I want. Nah, but for real. Should you play mental games? If you relationship Joe, should you, I mean I'm gonna ask you. You shouldn't but is it fun? Oh God. So women like y'all niggas, they they chase y'all. Y'all niggas. Y'all niggas is hymns when y'all go outside. Who y'all niggas like. Like you. Yo, you got a thing with you, you E Joe You know what I mean.


Y niggas is faithful but that nigga's just legends. That tongue shit works. So I watched it work that shit That is a, that shit's like a cat call. That shit works. Yo. Why would a bitch likes some shit like that? Idiot. I. didn T think you gonna eat it? I think so. I didn. T think you eat that pussy. Yo. You don't be, you don't have to say hi nigga you just lick your lips or some, you take that ll shit to another level. Yeah nigga. Oh let me get some, let me, I don't drink. Let me get a lemonade. He lick his lips. Yo nigga is a fool. Yo Girls like me before they learn. I play mental gymnastics. They do. That's true.


Well you are a nice guy Joe. You don't give yourself enough credit. You act like you Me. Well, 'cause I don't act Like me but You. The mental gymnastics is part of them liking you though? No, he is nice but I don't Pull a mental gymnastics out like off the rip. Like I just rely on being a nice guy. Not off the Rip. You started just start off with cartwheels. Yeah. Gimme egg. Look after you got 'em now it's round off back Flip. Semi tuck four. That's Why I hate about you. Don't hate about him. No. Hold on. Lemme get iso. Hold on. Lemme get iso can't let nigga Let This shit talking. I submit to that. I submit to that. You're absolutely right. Car wheel sometimes don't tape nothing Teeth dick. I was looking Don't look at me. Do you? What? What do you think that mental gymnastics could also be Hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours.


And now I knew that's right. Don't look at me. I knew that's why. That's course. Nah but you act like you not a nice guy when you are. I That's what I don't like about you. Like you mad when people meet you. You mad nice and cool. You just keep on. That's the part my girl hate Don Here. You act like you not nice. Like oh I'm not you. Mad cool. You Ish That niggas is nice. Nobody, none of my peoples that came here ever felt didn't get any bad feeling from any one of you. It is nice. I be thinking I'm a, I'm a, I'd be thinking I'm trying to be a gentleman. Huh? They all had ass. I don't wanna say that, but what I'm saying he, it could be a bad day up here. I'm playing. Yeah. And I have somebody. Oh, how you doing? He he, he goes introduces himself.


He's mad Cool. But when he talks about it, he makes it seem like he's mean but he's not. Well that's a defense mechanism to keep him away. True. I Got it. Keep him away. Did y'all hear about This shit where people can canal communicate through dreams? We Talked about it the other day. A telekinesis We talked about. That's Newton briefly. They invented This shit. Yes. So they put these people together and they had 'em both the Neuralink shit. What is this? It's kind of Rim space. A Silicon Valley startup made history by enabling communication between two people in Lucid dreams. On September 24th, 2024 participants used specialized equipment to exchange a message while asleep.


The experiment used advanced brainwave sensors to track the dream communication process. Participants successfully sent and received a word using rim spaces custom dream language. Oh no. Get this Here. Alright, get that shit the fuck outta here. Don't let my girl hear that they made this. That's the good part about sleep is I gotta talk to everybody. Word. No you think she want you to talk? You was thinking about Tanisha and your sleep. No. Get This shit outta here. This gotta go I didn bitch. Yo. I'm telling you It is gotta go. I didn't think about that but my girl would crack my dream. She would crack the cover. She would type in the password right to my dream. No, we don't Need that. Yeah, nah yeah. Nah, I don't want to dream about none of you Was to sleep early for a reason. You was Kiki with that bitch of you dreams.


That's sometimes I be getting jumped in my dream though. And I look to the side on the sidewalk and say help. And they just stand there. They on sit there. Well maybe, maybe a nigga come out and help. Actually now I Be wanting to finish the dreams a good one. I be wanting to finish it when you wake up. Try To go back to sleep. Think you Gonna pick up where you left off. Mad as Up. Invent that. Let us finish the dream nigga. I Well let me repeat something. I was right about, I was right there. My shit off my shit like this. Wake it up. Who? Who you thinking about? Who you was thinking about? It's just morning than it's just morning than it was right there. Who think about oh man, yo. Well you run your household so you can be honest.


I was thinking about, I was thinking about Before seven. Mm. He's saying that before seven you run your household like after Seven. After seven is Babyface cousin and them Babyface The group The Deal after seven After. Look at you with the Like after seven. Yeah. That's funny. Son. After what? Doing seven I what she did. I think her jeans are uncomfortable for her. So she's trying to, She keeps saying Joe, you can't say that Joe. Now you can't say Fuck that but my Hand keeps staying there because It's Chilly in this fucking room. Okay. So This shit up.


Oh. Did Y get some hair put up? Stop. You thought it's cold. Nigga, if you don't knock it off. It is cold dog outside. It's my thighs. Thank you. They're keeping my hands warm. Alright, well good for you. If, if y'all could communicate But women are crazy how you, how you get cold and you come up, come to work like that. It's going to get, We're always cold Because Y'all all anemic. Well I'm not anemic but you Are. Yeah. You supposed to healthy. Why is It at 69? Because Joe walked over there and did that. I watched them. Yeah. I walked over there and did that Nigga went like this. But yo, you got the crop turtleneck on. Exactly. It is like Oxymoron. You dressed for a snowstorm? No, but what's not strip or the beach?


A stripper snowstorm. A snowstorm stripper. Man. Hey bring Becky in them nigga. We we up in the, in the mountains nigga. Let's Go. I'm sure I asked y'all this before, but everybody here is cool with a nude beach. Yeah, we got yeah, We talk. I know we did. I'm just, I don't remember. So yeah, I Been to one with your crew. Yeah. You, you wa you was Walking around. Dang. No You ain't cool with it then. Nigga had to, nigga had to pull my trunk on. Dang shit. Talk get your shit tuck. Shit You daddy slim leg over There. Yo.


You would be n on that glass of milk. You would Do that. I would do it. Really? I would. Yeah. I wasn't, I'm gone. It wasn't nobody I went in the morning. Parks. Have any man ever try to bag you? Yeah. And how did you handle that shit? Said you talking about how did you handle it? Like do you tell him no? Nah, I'm single homie. I mean, I mean I saying I'm married. I'm straight. I I'm straight, straight, straight. So he, I'm saying I'm straight. Okay. Yo. Somebody try about you before. Nah, I don't play those games. Are you gay? If you get a dude robot and he massage you serious question. Depends Why you getting a dude robot?


I didn. I didn't get one. But if you saying Why would the person, Maybe they ran outta bitches. Maybe they ran outta the girls. This is the last one you could get. It is the last one. You got the dude robot. He specializes in the massages. Are you gay? If you, You only gay if you tell a nigga to master to jerk you off. Yeah. He give you a happy interview. That's What you, you're not gay if the dude robot jerks you off. Yeah. One it's a dude. It's Not a dude idiot. It's A robot. It's not A dude. Stupid. You're a robo sexual. Yo. I was not a dude. I knock you off right now. That's gay bro. If you have a male robot jerk you off, that's gay. I ain't going. He Got robot meat hanging out too it all that shit. That's bro. No, no. come on. Stop It. Robot meat ain't meat. It's metal And it's always hard then so now you gonna hard while you Jerking you off.


That's like when she already got a shit pierced with some stupid shit down like yeah You ain't got maneuver real Speed. Yeah. Maneuver around this fucking device. Yeah, Y'all can eat pussy good when she Got it. What you got that shit down there that's decorated. That's what they Be getting it for. No, I'm asking about your part in it. We know what they be getting it for. But are y'all still a master of ceremony when they Got it? I've never Encountered the Pierce. Yes. Ever. Never N Pierce Clinton. No. Of course I've never y'all or do that shit be in the way. It don't Be in the way. Don It is the way. No I don't. You Talking a lick tongue nigga. How go be in the way you can lick at the same time nigga talking to ay tongue.


Wait y'all, y'all lick that Shit? Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't seem like the greatest flavor Or the most hygienic thing that looks or That yeah It's Aluminum. Im not thinking about that in the moment. Man. Listen What? I did it too but still you so What you talking about You aint, You're disgusting though. Y'all are nasty because I profess to be nasty. Don't nobody up here not profess to be nasty. They just don't be talking about the shit. Oh. yeah you. You nasty. I forgot Four minute, four minute nasty. Yeah I Forgot about If y'all, he Said the hump is seven the hump the for play could be 47. Oh no.


We'll stay down there. I don't care about that. No TMII don't. You gonna see ICE's for play Fucking nasty creep. If y'all could communicate through dreams, who would y'all pick in here to communicate with in your dream In We? talk enough. come on man. I don't wanna talk to y'all niggas. Alright. We gotta nobody from Parks Ice Erickson We talk to none of you niggas Man. It is nobody I won't talk to none of you niggas. You For me. Aw aw Aww. They don't all too fast man. Brothers bike don't all too fast. He might have a trick, a disc Obviously he's probably Dish in there somewhere but Oh he wouldn't to go on your dream to see what bitches he's dreaming about.


Yeah I about first I dream about this bitch first. Nigga you I knew you was dreaming about. I knew you dreaming bitch nigga. He'll come here man. Make what happen. I was in this nigga Joe fucking dream last night nigga. Yo this guy is a fucking idiot. Yo. And Joe would dream just, just, just to spy on you. That's it. He go in your dream he wouldn't with let you know he had a dream. He ain. In your dream behind the woods somewhere like this. What's Itch doing? Thinking about I had a dream the other day. That fucking itch. Went somewhere the other night, walked in. It was a spot full of joints. He text me about it. I was like, send me a video and the video never came and then I woke up.


Was that a dream? A dream? I must have got busy. I about to say that sound like real life. Yeah that sounds like a regular Friday. It sounds like real life In the dream. That's probably what happened. Stupid. Yo. Yo. What's wrong? Sitting there waiting by the phone for the video. This nigga went to party Nigga. This nigga just went shaking his Ass. I told you he was in here nigga he should Got it man. Yo, I can't, I can't communicate with Mel in my dream. She ain't coming in and tell me about what Flip did start complaining about some shit. What Flip did right? Yeah. Oh my god. He Ain said that The girl forget me outta my dream. I Go in your dream nigga, I'll go in your dream just to, just to see all the shit you got going on nigga come back and talk about it.


Oh We got talking cold for a minute now. Some old, some Old Spice, some old Spice Put Up something on the gram Deodorant That looked like shit that she wasn't normally putting on the gram. It looked like it was a little bait, little thirst. Trappy trappy. It's like damn, this is interesting. I ain't seen a post like this in years, You know? Of course. No. So I went just being nosy. I was like nah, nah they ain't get divorced man. I mean they ain't get divorced. Lemme go click. I hit The click. I looked at that top number To the left.


He said some shit like 11 posts. Oh we got rid of some posts. Little archivy. Then I went to scroll down and it did wasn't a big scroll, it was just right there. New shoes on and I'm looking Bath the suit. No one, I ain't seeing him. Him him, him and some chromosome s that that's, that's when you, he was not there no more. That's when you snatched the warmup off. Yeah, Well now that's gonna be in a relationship. But It was good to know. Hey big head come out and the heyday, that's the warmups come off right there.


You gotta like all 11 of them shit too, you know, so she can, so It is at the top. You got 11, you gotta like all 11 point contest on This motherfucker. Nah, one of them. The niggas be know you wait years. Oh what he dead. What did this nigga do? Okay, are you good? Yeah. Yeah. You good? What's up? You good? Just checking on you got in With Off my feet. Get him off. Get off my Feet. Got In with that like after a few years I here sir. So I hear so hear Ain't getting me. I love mine. That's hilarious.


Just talking in gold a little bit. What else is important? Bronny? Bronny. Bronny Bronny James bro. James Bronny. James Brony. James Bronny James. I was hard on it. And Mark Lamont, he pause for their Bronny. James takes now that preseason back It is about close to it. And shout to the Knicks only undefeated eastern conference team in preseason. Like that matters for anything. How are we feeling about how Brony has looked in the preseason? I know there was a clip last night of him at the free throw line with Devin Booker on the bench saying that nigga That is a just s not he is just not Good. He's just Good because they're reading lips now. Oh yeah, they're reading lips now. You don't cover your lips, they're gonna read it.


They talking shit about Bronny. James, I'm tossing to you Ish because you started with this when I was like, we shouldn't talk about nobody kid, but you in the league now. So My stance on It is always been like, it's, it's twofold. He don't look the best. I It is twofold. I think that as far as him being in the league based on what my father has accomplished, I'm all for that. The nepotism piece is amazing. Like that's what the country's built on from a basketball perspective. I just don't think he's ready for the big time. I just don't think he's ready. And there's nothing wrong with that. I it it just speaks to him. He could have stayed in college for another two years and got his game up to par. What, what happens from here though guys? Like what?


What's okay if he keep continues playing bad, can they take him from the main roster and put him in the G league? He's going to the G league. Yeah, that's what everybody's saying. Okay. Yeah he's going to the G league. How is he, how did he do the Free? Yeah but that that that that's not a fix because the people in the G league are some of the best players in the world. Yeah, true Said That. So like real athletes fighting for their one shot to get in the league. These are niggas that might have been cracking your ass in college had you still been there. Yes. So indeed there's no short shot that you gonna deliver in the G League. That's True. True. Let, lemme ask, lemme ask you A question and that might hurt you even more. Y'all absolutely think without a doubt he's going to the G league. 'cause I don't. I do. What do you think is gonna happen if he, if He didn't go, I think this is bigger than basketball. This is a marketing play. He'll be in the G league. It's definitely a marketing play because of that aspect alone.


We want him, I don't care if he don't suit up the first year at all. If he don't even get in the game, we want him on that bench. We want him announced. We just want him and him and his dad. They are together on the same team all year on the Laker bench. All that shit is cute before Christmas. No bigger Than that. All that on on the Laker bench. You still not getting a return on your investment from him as a basketball player. You wanted Him to develop too. Exactly. You want him to get burned for him to go to the G league. Now he's gonna get his game. He's still a a 'cause they say, I say kid too much. You do man. He's still a younger gentleman that has mad upside if he works on his game, that potential. Yeah. He still got a ton of upside. If he works on this game, you need to go on a G League and get your ass kicked on and you gonna learn from every single game for Sure.


What's bad about him? Now y It is like what is, what is wrong with this game? Is It? It's levels the basketball bro. It's like anything else in the world. Football, any sport. It's like taking a high school person from and putting him in the pros. But They did that before and some of the niggas that went from high school did Great and it's levels to basketball. So some of State what state stats now, like free throw like Also changed. They also changed the rule because It's Specific reason so many of y'all players coming out here that's not ready for the league. Yeah. Most, most of the people that came out at high school level were not good. There was just some shiny examples of ones that were, Some of these people came and The Kwame Brown was example that that came in. Right. He turned out to Be okay and in basketball he didn't Serviceable. Yeah, he didn't. Okay. He didn't pro we Talking about Kevin Garnett. Yeah we talking about Kobe, Bryan, Kobe, LeBron Got, it it was LeBron, like it was a few people that came outta high school.


Jermaine O'Neill and just Jermaine o Went crazy. But he And j Jermaine took a little bit honestly before he became really, really Just was on a team that had a lot of jokers. But. yeah. Yeah. You could tell that Jermaine was supposed to be, he Was going. Yeah. But I just think that, and and and from a guard point guard perspective, yo he's smaller. Like those are some of the most skilled basketball players in the world when you're that size. 'cause your athleticism is not gonna necessarily take you over the hump when you that little, you know what I'm saying? He's 6 1 6 2. So your, your athleticism ain't gonna take you over the hump. You gonna need the skills to be there. So I just think that he got a ton of upside. I think him going to the G league is gonna do him well. But as far as him playing for the Lakers on the main big screen, he's not ready for that.


So when do you think he goes to the G League? How long do you think he'll be in the G league in November. Oh damn early. Yeah, Probably season starts. Yeah. We gotta get you, we gotta get you some reps. How do you think that they're gonna have handle that transition? I think he'll be there before Valenti Valentine's Day is my guess. I mean The Lakers all, yeah, like I don't know how this happens but like how are they gonna handle the transition of him leaving the league to go to the G League? He, well that's not than me. That's not, it's not uncommon. A lot of the younger basketball, But he's not common. He's LeBron's son. So there's, they can do it as quietly as they want, but it's going to be noticeable simply because of who he is. Of course. For sure. I think so. How do they handle the transition? I don't think that there, I don't think anybody with any basketball knowledge or any basketball IQ thinks that Bronny James will be in the NBA for the duration of the season.


I think that that was a almost a, a guarantee that he was gonna split time between the NBA and the G League. Do you think LeBron shares that sentiment? Absolutely. LeBron is a high IQ basketball player. He knows from the, from just the, the eye test that he may have. Shit he needs to work on. He's gonna want his kid to Get better. Yeah. So what about the, they said the younger one is better than Bronny. The The young Bryce, they saying he has more upside than he's taller based off of Height. Yeah, he's taller. Just projection just at skillset sets. Just watch it. That's what I'm saying. Like it's how I test. If I see Joe play basketball, I see Parks play basketball for me watching him for six months. I can tell you which one is a better basketball player. Got it, you know what I'm saying?


Like it's not, it's not a hard thing to do. And I think that again bro, he wants his son to get better. Broun. I mean that's what I mean. Pardon me? Broun wants his son to get better. So him down there getting reps, these is pros. These niggas is nice in the G league. These niggas ain't bums like it ain't, we ain't treating 'em niggas like they trash these niggas is super nice. So them down there, you playing against them every day. You only gonna get better and learn down there. But if I'm playing against the best Right, wouldn't that be the better chance? He's not gonna get in. You not gonna, you're not gonna get time. If You're not good enough, you're not gonna get burned. Nah at all. I stepped on a basketball court a couple days ago for the first time. Triple double time in a lot of years.


You harbor a lot of hate in your heart. My triple double. Not that ass. I'm harp. It's cool you harping. I'm Harping, I Got it dog. I stepped on a court the other day for the first time. I'm gonna start doing it again. I keep saying it to get my cardio in. Yes dog. I have no business on a basketball court today other than cardio It is bad. Other than cardio It is bad. I mean we was, it was set up as a half but I mean I ran to the other side of the court and then walk to my locker. I got one little trek up the court before it's, that was enough. Yep. Yep. Y'all Got it.


Yep, I did it also my last basketball question, why is Kenny Anderson's number not retired at Georgia Tech? Really? How you doing it? I Feel like that's a black crime the same way I feel like them taking Reggie Bush, Heis, Heisman hold up was a black crime. Kenny Anderson's number not being raised at Georgia Tech is a crime. That's crazy. Did they raise that Stefan Marbury? No, They didn't raise stuff. I didn't see it. They Didn't raise Dennis Scott. If they didn't raise them then it's cool. If they raised them and didn't raise Kenny Anderson then it's not cool. I saw a Mark Price Came before Kenny And I saw some niggas before my time in the sixties.


I ain't seen a Travis. Best. They might have get around to you Marberry. That's what I was asking Kenny. That's a lot of time. Yeah. Yeah. You got a point. Like my thing is that, have they raised anybody's jersey since? Nah, that time is passed. Lead the weapon. Three is the nineties the weapon three is the nineties. That's enough. Time. It is, I'm I'm a grill. They just ain't doing it. I want a boycott for a New York, New Jersey legend for Kyrie before Kyrie. I wanna do something about this. Kenny Anderson, I love you if you listening man, that's, that's all I got on sports. I don't have nothing else On sports. Yeah. Was there discipline to the guy that leaked the other guy's address on tv? I haven't heard anything about it yet. Okay. I think they trying to sweep it under the rug a little bit.


But I haven't heard anything about it, about it yet. Hopefully I can hear it out in the streets. Speaking out in the streets. Yeah. What's up? War? I mean, you showing, I mean you showing What's up? Go ahead. I might iso I might slow it Down. I mean you gotta, I mean, listen, if if, If you ain't about me, if You were preparing for me to exit too, I I, if I was preparing for you to exit It is in my company. Somebody, I'm gonna do a flip. Somebody just sent me this. Yeah. I, you know, you know what I'll do? I, I give, I give Come on man. What an RIP. come on Man. RIP I'm right here nigga. I'm not dead. I just meant your time here. What the fuck? Fuck man. You want me to? No, you A wild boy. After you left she did probably do one.


Oh Shit. She She probably, or that might be her dream. Maybe not. Not At all. Oh Shit, her dreams is a city. Yo. Hey yo. Listen, I appreciate it. Shout, shout out to Joe. Shout to Ian. Shout To what we talking about is, Oh no wait, I'm about to do it. Lemme do it. Right. Shout to the, the JBN Improper Improv season two promotion posters are now put up all over the city. Shout to the whole Joe button network. JJ Joe. And you know, real excited man. Kind of flustered. It is a great move. Flustered, nervous, nervous, nervous, overwhelmed.


No, I mean, no, I'm just saying like, if I was Joe and you know, one of my great talents was leaving, I, I'll I'll give, I'll give him everything he wanted towards the end as well. Nigga Thank. you, I Love it. Play it out. No, I, I feel like it's a great thing man. We have a lot of things that we are working towards. Season two is gonna be great. Joe and the team has invested a lot. Even in the studio. They had put so much resources into making season two be the best that it can be. And I'm, I'm truly appreciative. You know what I mean. I know I joke around a lot and shit like that. But I, you know, we just, it's up from here. We got a date yet. It is up from here within the next 10 days. Oh Shit. 10, 15 days. Yeah. Oh we there, we working.


Yeah. Appreciate it. Good shit. And I want to thank my brother man Thank you for signing off on that man. You know? I know, I know. I see a lot of leaving shit. But you know, I love you nigga is somebody that show love is somebody to be cool. My nigga is somebody that show love Thank you. I love you bro. Thank you. No, I I love you too. Yeah, but That love is a little, I If if that love was a little, it wouldn't be a billboard. Not nowhere. It wouldn't be a sign Nowhere. I'm, I'm I I love that. I love that we get to do that and play that way and post that way. Yeah. And billboards. Yes. Everywhere. As, as, as somebody who has gone in corporate offices to say, Hey, do you not know the impact that we're having?


Do you not know that people want to see this? Can we pay for a spot somewhere in the five boroughs so that the commuters the nine to fivers the people that are out looking around Connoted, some shit is coming. They never wanted to do it. Ever, ever, ever wanted to do it till all the podcasters out there went and found that that company that rent the, that rent the billboards and y'all went to stand there. Your shit was up for 17 hours and then came right down. You niggas went to take a picture. I changed the billboard game. But anyway, Now you my nigga. No, no. I de all jokes inside. I'm extremely appreciative. Of course Youm extremely. I'm, I'm extremely appreciative and I just want to do the best that I can do, man.


Show that why I'm needed here, wanted here. And while you know it's It is always a forever man. Take it how you want To. I, I support that. Doing the best you could do at the end of the concert. come on man. come on. Clap it up there now as yeah, yeah, yeah. End of the deal. This shit off. I don't care nigga. I support you. Congratulations. Congratulations. I look forward to seeing what you got going on. I sort of set over there. Looks fly Thank. you, I know all the work that has been going into that. I know we clown on fucking Mel's long rollout. But your rollout been about a year. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So we'll be busy. Turn up, You know, turn up. That's it. You know, we gotta, you know, we gotta sit down and talk. You know, you and I not no lunch, not lunch. Just, just regular conversation, casual conversation.


Then we will. But I'm, we're charged together now that both our cars plug in. But I'm here to turn up man. And, and, and I, I'm expecting to see, you know, I'm expecting to see all of you make an appearance, you know, on these episodes, man. One these episodes I'm saying we could charge. We heard We Got you man. Hate you. But it's different type of charges. Your charges are different. Don't try to play around me. Yeah, it's The regular shit. It ain't even got the third prong, The regular. Oh man. I can't wait to see you. Turn up. Flip. Congratulations. Thank, you and I can't wait to see Mel turn up about close to two weeks away with whatever It is you were doing. I I said close to. Yes. Oh, two weeks away.


I know you and Imani got the spaces going on this weekend. A lot of work, a lot of promo been going into what you're doing. So I, I support the both of you and wish y all the best. Hey man, lemme tell you something real quick. They can say whatever they want about you but once you, they do once your clause is in them niggas, they can't get away. Wash your clothes. I have no idea what you're talking about. Nigga start making spaces. They start dressing up the YouTube for you nigga. Stop buying shoes. You want some lunch? You want me to, you want me to take the ice off your window again? Something. That nigga had no car the window got. No, he waited for a cab.


You shut up. No. Why nigga down the block. Sorry. Sorry I don't have anything else. That is near and dear to my heart. So how about y'all? Nah, nah, we good Season two. Anybody got any, any fun weekend plans coming up? Just come on. Where the wall ball bitches gonna be at? I'm hanging out with this this weekend. I'm gonna nigga crib. Me too. I'm gonna catch that nigga at the laser. Laser bitch I'm gonna Catch Nigga I'm covered over there. You think we pop nigga crib? He gonna let us in? No, No. Not at all. Really? Not at all. I I'll get shot. You might have some tea or some coffee or something.


If you look out the window and see me, you gonna think I'm taking This shit to the next level. You know some people you know some a lot of people don't like unannounced. I oh real. You too. Yes. Fuck No here meet a lot of people. Yeah, I'm a lot Of people. If I'm in the area I can't pop in the, that Oh Shit that's, I was out text or call least something. You Tupac. Yo I'm, if you text call don't come. Yeah. So nah, it depends. Only certain amount of people can do that. Like Cory could pop up on you and check on you. Ah No come on. Don't do that joke. You think No he can. He can. Corey Could do that with me because I know 40% of the time he's not really coming. When Corey say Yo, you gonna be home?


I was like yeah he ain't coming. He just So only he was Supposed to come the other day until he looked at the score of that Cowboys game and then I hit him. I was like, yo, what happened? Where you at open, What happened Wide open. So only but only parents can do that though, right? Parents get that family. Yeah, for sure. Family get the luxury. Got it. Okay, because you can't turn ice Y'all. I gonna trigger my family. Go ahead. Y'all Go. Is your mom's skin pop up outta there? My mother Could do anything she would like To do. But not your, not your uncle. Same for mine. But I would prefer But. yeah. Yeah. There we go. Call call her a text because You know what It is because me and my mom just had a talk about this recently and I ain't gonna blow a spot off on, on my mom, but how can I do this without going spot?


You know what It is? My mom called and was like, you home? I said yeah. She said I'm coming. But she was in Brooklyn. So you thought you had time On at like whenever it was By the time she got over here, I forgot now. I don't remember that you was coming, that you was on the way. So I was like, can I get a call when you arrive? And she was standing on, I just told you I was coming and I said the gist was two hours ago. Yeah. Yeah. That's A little different. And then I then my mom was looking at me like feeling a way like disappointed 'cause it's like, oh my son jam Son. And I don't, that's not a popup to me that like Yeah That's not a pop.


No that's not a popup. We, We was talking, we pop up parents Crip though. We could pop up by the parent. I'll pop up, just walk in the door. That's what I'm, we could pop if something go wrong and shit like that. There's one house you can go to is your mother or father's house. I'll pop up at my mom. Grandmother crew. I would like. But why you saying but I would like a car. Why? Why do you need that? 'cause I'm an adult nigga. Because You might be in there getting, Might be walking around naked. Yeah, I might be walking around just doing something to win. She has a key to come in your home joke. Yeah. My mom always has a key. Okay. That's why. Okay. That's the difference. My mom always has key. I Got it. Okay. I Got it. See that's different. You might be walking in into something you ain't, you know what I mean? My mother told me that shit. Yeah. Stop walking in the house. Like announce that you hear or something. You might. Yeah. Mom come to see me on soft.


come on man. Get outta your head. Yo. What? Yo. Just walking around. You think I'm hard walking around move. Oh my god. She be embarrassed. No shit came outta her. You produced this fucking, alright. Alright Girl. Why you looking around? I'm not looking around. Shut the fuck up. Stop. Stop. No, stop it. You know What's so good about you? Hmm? You can't hold shit down at all. At all. Like that's, that's my favorite part about you. How can I not hold shit down? It is just those rainy days.


This nigga can't hold shit down. That's Like he can't hold. He can't hold. Nigga can't hold water. That nigga got rubber All jump aside. I Can't. You can't hold it down Joe. Stop different. No you can. It's different. No Joe. Okay, it's I can Joe. Well I won't find out Joe. Stop it. I won't find Out. Joe is mad. Stop Joe. What? Stop doing that. You know I can Stop. I mean Stop doing that like shit. Be, we both crossed that line between personal and entertainment. If it's something personal I can, you know that dead ass talk about it. We did And it's not about me right now, but if it's personal I can't hold it down once. Listen, if I find out something and once you open the door to it, I'm just gonna jump on the bandwagon.


If you never open a door to anything, I'm not. If you gimme any clue, if I think something and I see you say a clue, I'm jumping on it. Yes. That's my open. No, no, no, no, no. Please me first. Me. No. Ask me. Ask me whatever you want. Yeah. Y'all good? I'm gonna find a sleeper. You you, you find out something and you Kick the door in. No, not true. Not true Freeze. Okay. Not true. You Got it. Whatever you say. Not personal shit. Some shit I found out. Yes but not personal. Personal, not personal personal shit man. That's all. All right. Again, I'm cool. Nobody's doing anything this weekend. I asked y'all that. How's party? You know I got long weekend. How's party for your birthday? When? Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Alright. Happy, Birthday brother Thank you. Thank you my have pop up over there.


Who's cooking? You We getting something? Mm. I like when you cook. I mean It's His birthday. I'm not cooking for no twenty, twenty, thirty people on my birthday. You shouldn't have to cook in your birthday. But. yeah your kickbacks do be lit when you when I mean that's true. Should cook something. I should For the early goals for people that got sick Hey mat. Yeah. To do it like the auntie. I only made six lamb chops when they gone. They gone. Yeah. Maybe I'll maybe I'll see if I figure something in Last and maybe least I don't have anything else after this.


Triller merges with financial services and healthcare firm A GBA. It's been a bump bumpy couple of years for short video platform Triller in terms of its music deals. It was sued by UMG in 2023 over royalty payments and reporting and agreed to pay Sony music 4.5 million later that year to settle part of a previous lawsuit filed by that company. Then in January, 2024, one of trier's own regulatory filings admitted that it was behind on 23.6 million of music licensing payments. Since then, the company has agreed to a merger with a financial services and healthcare company called A GBA.


And this week that merger has been completed. The new entity called Tri Group Inc. Plans to trade on the NASDAQ capital market exchange from today October 16 with a statement to come next week October 22nd on its future leadership strategy and objectives They trade now. Yeah. Yeah. And just real quick while y'all, while you looking that up y'all, I was mentioning Kenny Anderson, the Georgia Tech, the Jersey retirement thing. I said Dennis Scott did have his jersey retired. So I did some looking here. No didn didn't said I wasn't sure about Dennis Scott. Yeah I was, I was. Well he's just became eligible.


There's a Georgia Tech posted something on their, on their school website back in June. Dennis Scott became eligible to have his jersey retired in December when he rece when he received his executive master of business administration degree. So it might be something tied to a degree That makes sense. You can get because Georgia Tech, one of 'em smart schools. Yeah. But it's just interesting that it's not a bachelor's s like you know why it had to be a master's? Well, because not everybody's gonna go for that. Everybody's not going to, I don't think Mark Price. Well that, but They're not saying that you have to get a master's to be retired. Maybe those guys didn't get degrees at all. That happens too. Yeah, maybe you have to have some degree. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know but this just says his eligibility was once he got that degree.


Gotcha. So All right. That might be why the other guys aren't. Yeah, that that helps me a little bit. It does. And all right, let me just make sure I am to the good and it looks like I am to the good summer walker's coming, but we'll talk about that some other time. I heard this snippet. You bitches better move out the way when Summer Walker come. But I ain't going to, I ain't gonna shoot my load right now. We'll talk about that later. How am I feeling? How am I feeling? How am I feeling right now?


Mm. I played this before but I'm playing it again 'cause that's how I feel. That's how I feel man. You need some help. Why would I do that going Back actually sometimes I do need help. Gotcha man. For you to be one of the numbers I could call when I'm in, in need of help. For sure. I appreciate that. Not a problem. And I hope you don't change that. Gotcha. You. right When you reply like that it makes me feel like you rubbing the help like in my fa makes me feel down. Nah, I was just saying you, you me feel I gotta go backwards life. I don't want you to go backwards. I want you okay now I'm not playing it. Alright cool. Now I'm not playing. What's wrong now what? There you go. No that now what you now I'm not playing it Got it.


You can tell when he got some heat that he found. I don't, don't, I don't. I know Aaron Ray dropping nigga. Oh man. I know Aaron Ray He ain. The only one that knows Aaron Ray is coming out. Nigga fuck outta here. All right now ain't playing it. Goddammit. Let's see, I'm going with Ombre. You know it. My girl It is called SWV. The whole thing is like inter lose but they all fire so fuck it Like we I.


gotta explain soon as we kiss. Okay Throw it away. Throw the fuck away. Jesus. But why you don't throw it away? I'm in the Middle of Mel. Left some cauliflower. I did not leave anything. I ordered Food.


Mel left Brussels Sprouts in the fridge. That's stinking up the whole place. It smell like that's what That is. It smell like vegetable ass cheeks in here. I tell her about it and she say well just throw it away. No nigga you fucking thrown Away. I, It'll get thrown away. I just ordered it and I can't. And honestly I can't smell anything Bro. I gotta smell anything. Y'all making it up. See, make feel like what you want.


I plenty because I'm in the car. Oh no way until you want me alone. No swimming like it's your song. Got some change outta fall. The season. You just tell me, say I'm gonna leave you. We don't gotta get up at the steam. Relax, relax for me one time.


That's brand new music from Ombre friend of the show. Shout to her record is called SWV Available in your phones and on DSPs right this second. All right man. I'm playing something off. A big extra plug album. Man. This album is crazy. Yo. I really, really, really need y'all to go check this album Out way before you play it. Go Ahead. Such a nice guy. I met, met him recently and I was mad that I didn't finish his album so I could really, but I keep hearing this crazy. But he album is crazy. Absolute Sweetheart And great guy. I feel Bad because I forget what boxer it was that had a fight out there and he had he, he had a, he had him walk Out.


Yeah, I Remember that had walk out and we joked about it. We did because we weren't familiar. Yeah, our my my bad on That. But two days after that I got familiar 'cause they checked me, they fixed me up. Yo he big over here. You might not know it yet, but y'all clowning. But this nigga's one of them ones and And they right it. It sounds like it. This album is From what I heard, This shit, It is crazy. They had it. They had it playing. I bought it, I'm gonna finish it but sick and he's hilarious man. Shout out to BigXthaPlug Word anyway. My sleeper is called Leave Me Alone.


I need me a can you get on this? Shut the want Leave Me Alone Gates. Man I need me a feature. Hey Big Gate, can you get on this song? Hey Big Gates. Nah I ain't even Got it. What was you when I did all This shit on my own lately. Baby mama been tripping after all of This shit. She been getting made a baby, she's stealing her feelings. Went through my phone and seen all of these women not knowing that I could care less about these bitches. I'm talking why these niggas mention the bigs watching me when they could be getting richer. Probably mad because they came me the sixth. I lost all the love that I had. Think about little bro and I start getting mad. How the fuck did you say you knew what type of nigga I was when all I did was give you a chance? Huh? I'm the one bought you all of them shirts. I'm the one who bought you all them pants.


I'm the one who took you off the streets and gave you a place to come Lay your head a B Man I need me a feature. Hey B, can you get on this song A BX Man shut the fuck up. I just want all your people to Leave, Me Alone. Hey Bx man I need me a feature. Hey BX, can you get on this song? Hey B Nah I ain't even Got it. Where was you when I did all This shit on my own. They say the more money, more problems that's affects everybody gonna speak even This shit Cap. Where was all of these folks with opinions and shit? I This shit when I used to see nobody care you doing damn bad. I came up from the money may have to wear man day. Y'all want some in a piece of the bag. Too bad left me out on my As I know you remember you left me out said shit I know you remember X bro with that fan. I bet you remember me turning up that now letting nigga ditching.


I paying a town three years they got rich out for raping my past. Now I'm raping about painting my hurt. Don't think I'm a pu. Get put on the shirt in hurt like six feet deep in that dirt. Hey BX man I need me a feature B, can you get on this song BX Man shut the fuck up. I just want all your people to Leave, Me Alone. Hey BX Man I need me a feature. Hey BX can you get on this song? Hey, even when I did all This shit on my own Again that record is called Leave Me Alone by Big Extra Plug. It's new album. Take care, send your phone DSPs. All that good shit. Go check that album out man. It's a really, really good album.


It's a lot of, it's a lot of just real records on there. Salute The Hill. I'm gonna check it out. I bought it but I ain't playing it. What I am gonna play is Benny the Butcher and 38 Spesh. Let's go. This is Money Counter off stabbed and Shot two, which is out now Out. And we just do it naturally. We never like really planned it. Just like yo Rob, you know I got this line. He like I got this line before you know we got a whole record. You know what I'm saying? It was never like for us just to go back and forth. Naturally we come up with that shit. We turn into one motherfucker while we going there. Huh? When I was young moms made us read songs and proverbs.


Now I only said prayer for I by birds. I wish right out after time served Steady hand. Why that non stirred? Most hustlers got calm nerves. These niggas followed me. Like wise words. I gave bags with strings attached like dry herbs, shootouts, entertainment and crime merged. It's hard to describe terms. I can't explain it with kind words and I'm a monster. The Apex type. Spend five of your paychecks with an Amex swipe Bitches ain't shit. So I live a safe sex life. My next kid I'm gonna get a DNA test twice. Huh? I only talk in body language. Y'all be verbal. A boss gonna read the room. Like the Wall Street Journal.


All I needed was a small referral. Now I got a doomsday, 2 million cash berry stashed in a four feet Bur with a hunters run up, Run up. We been through this town enough to the hood. I'm coming back. Hood coming back. Plug that Money. Counter up plug that Money Counter Up, Up, up was just a dominant rough, rough, you know grinding is a muscle a let's plug that Money Counter up. Yeah. Now if you see me with a bitch then this my newest one and She ain't get shit but dick and chew gum. If I put a flame to it and Mel quick is aluminum, you trip the land on a brick, you wouldn't know what to do with one.


Huh. And y'all know what my music done help them navigate through the slum. Show 'em how to get to and from. Huh? 'cause I was on the foolish run and realize a black lawyer is just as good as the Jewish one and the jealous friend is a foolish one. And prison for monks settled in like a monk, a Buddhist wonk. He moved times but dude was dumb. Went from pies to a crumb. You can't give shit to a bum. They should have cut off Juda tongue. No keys or combinations to the safe. Gotta use the thumb. So much work in that motel. We buying out the floors and if the trunk ain't big enough then we going hollow out the doors with a hunters run up With a run Up.


We went through this town enough, Through enough To the hood. I'm coming back. Hood coming back. Plug that Money. Counter up. Plug that Money Counter. How Up Up was just a dominant, a rough was just dominant. A rough, you know grinding is a must. You know Grinding is a must. Let's plug that Money Counter up. Let's plug that Money Counter up As Buddy. The Butcher 30 Ape. Money Counter off Stabbing Shot two, which is out now. F somebody name the album Stabbed. Stabbed and shot. Me too. Came out with a part two. Second time's crazy my nigga. You got stabbed again my nigga.


Damn Shot. Yeah. I'm going to Jon Vinyl. This song is called War. Excuse me. I don't even understand. And ahead Shit. Can we get back to the focal? Excuse me Miss I want check in.


Yes. Love I'm I'm hoping there can make do. Oh how about I make a for you. You, I'm hoping You Expect I'm You say yes, expect you I what we gonna do now baby?


What we gonna do now? It seems you can't let these men test my patience. I'm not one to let good things go. That's connecting me. Calibrate this love connection. We can't control. I wanna understand your body. I want to take a chance. I'm trying. I'm expecting, I expect That Is John Vital?


The record is called War. That's Tough Mel. Mine is called Golden by Hana. We go there. What the wildest gotta say. Trying to make man stay alive.


Heard some snakes is coming towards my grave. Take them Coast down 85. We Go there. Remember Love in the summer Take you two. It is something bigger than us. We Go, We go That is Berhana Golden.


Yo Louis just dropped a beanie. I'm about to cop. I'm about to cop that shit. Mm. The paycheck. Huh? You know Louis is hold up on that. You know Louis has had beanies. Yeah. Like they've been now. Well I'm seeing it now. That's the ones I like now. Like you got Eyes now that Money Vision with Cataract Gone. That part. He ain been had the Beanie. You Seen them now I've seen. And I want of them that big Mel. Feel free to play Norta for two. No. Are you Begging baby? Begging. Begging Baby. Are you not tired of men fighting over you? I mean when when does anybody ever get Tired of that? I'm good. Nah, I'm good. I'm, I don't know. That beanie looks cute though. I don't know what nigga gonna hop the World War for You. That's the first shit, right?


Yeah. Yeah. They going crazy over that. You'll see I like that shit. You see that shit everywhere. Everybody gonna have it. I'm about to get one and then guess where you gonna see it? What? On Canal Street. On Canal Street. The one you see gonna be the one on can on can Who last seen with the Canal? Nigga walked up and down. That shit keep real Ish. 20 years ago you ever bought something for somebody on there? No. You never purchased anything from Canal? No. He's lying. Never Ish never. I believe It is had money since the nineties. Man. I know, but he, it's not even about that. But that's why he is trying to fool people with smoke mirrors. Like when you say Canal, we just think that Yeah It is a Appeal. The fakes, the all but right over there on Canal.


Any of them off streets? Yes there are stores. Is Heat there Supreme stores over there? I don't know about that. I never had nothing. Supreme Court. Yeah. don don't buy that shit. There's a lot of stores over there by Canal. I don't know That because you Supreme like why you gotta buy Supreme when you Supreme God Buy Supreme. Man. You bought something from Canal before? No she lying too. No I'm not. No, I'm Just asking. Oh, y'all saying Canal so No y'all not lying. Okay. But all of that flies saying I don't Shop in New York that much at Broadway and Canal. Yeah. Y'all know what I'm saying. I don, I don't shop Saying shit is down there. I'm saying Canal is Don, don Go. We talking about Money Canal. I see. I I don't shop in New York much That buy that girl from Kalari nigga.


You, You shot Paramus. Hey buy that girl a fucking Kalari nigga. And tell your man don't go outside tonight if you don't plan on, if you don't plan on spending. Niggas heard about that. Right? Yo, I thought about his story all week. Yo. All week long. I did. I had so much fun. When he bring a story in like that facts, they kick my back in for it. But for that story. Oh yeah because old time they were tied into the other story. But it's okay. It is okay. I had a good time. Fuck them niggas, niggas being thirsty man. Oh, your man was thirsty. He wasn't all, He defense, his niggas like the Titanic, like the, like the band the Titanic Going down With the shit go down with his nigga. He don't give a Fuck. Yeah, no. You defend his friends to the death except for one.


Yeah. Oh Shit who've won? I don't know. Oh yeah, I bet you y'all don't start This shit nigga. You sat there watching nigga. You, you show what up. I'm gonna love for you. I was in there. I wanted you to curse the niggas out there. I'm down but you, I I Literally was in there. Yeah. One night. It is st popping. Supposedly all of them. Are you gonna change your clothes nigga You gonna, you see your Oh, Shit ballerina Over there is man Floating This shit. This motherfucker come here real quick. E you spend the night at home nigga. The first time you came with an outfit like you good. You usually dress. You usually dress up nigga. Nice. What happened? That's a Nice sweatshirt. You dude look like he just left a BE. Yeah, He just know he left somebody cri. He like, he left A said you left A, b and E.


You got the dark real. You got The dark hoodie on. Dark skull. What CRI was that nigga you Look like give up the goods, get sprayed was playing. And usually when you come here you call Park for a ride nigga, you Good with the New Balance is on. Talk to these nigga. Come here. He ain't win at the Saint though. He ain't win at the, he Got the new balance. But look, hold on Joe. No, because no, we can't play with E because listen, E usually matched to the T. He wasn't home 'cause he got the new balance sweatsuit. But Jordan sneakers, that's not E. That's not you nigga. I know. Yeah I know that's not you my nigga. You got caught. Everybody come out. Hey we got you. You. Oh look, come stand right nigga. That's not the E Oh. Shit dude. Oh. Shit. You got the hat? Oh. Shit with the outfit and Jordans.


Oh, Yeah Man. Where you was at last night? Hey that's not your hat neither. I saw that hat before. That's not your Hat. Oh this nigga is It is Different. Ball I gotta a ball here. Yo. Same as popping tonight. Hey Maddy hit me. Let me know when that girl's love karaoke is going on. A guy call you right now in the air. Girl. Hold On, I'm pulling up. You you wanna do that Apple up? No, I don't know when girls love karaoke is again, but if saying is tonight maybe new money. You see your man though? You see your man? What I pull up, I pull up nigga, nigga face all over the city that now you wanna go outside.


I see you Fuck. that nigga, they gotta know what's going on nigga outside. Huh? Oh I thought, I thought you said Maddie worked there. What was a, Maddie invited me to a spot down the block From where Catch was or she said she worked somewhere in there. Shout to Maddy, you know mad. Oh yeah. Oh Man, I love this pie. Yo look you two niggas, it's terrible. Who the two? You and anybody? Me and Imani? Yep. Nothing. I'm so lost Y'all. My mans The fuck. I gotta pay my phone bill or somebody don't nigga.


Oh no, they clip me yesterday. The Wireless customer you are calling is not available. Oh, Oh, oh. They gotta pay their phone bill. Well you ain't him. Oh yeah, there you go. Call me right back. come on now. I'm in a relationship but call me back like I'm daddy. That's a joke. Hey nigga I am. Yo, yo, yo, yo. Hey Jojo. What's Up big Maddy? All I'm on air. Check this out. Don't say nothing that would incriminate you or me, but I was talking about that girl's love you. Not off. I was out town on business so I missed it. And I tried to pop up on you the other night at work, but you wasn't at work.


We'll talk about that later. It looked like it was a nice time. And that girls love karaoke. You know Else love karaoke. Girls love karaoke. Niggas Love. it do too. Niggas Love it needed it. Yo, We tied to standing on couches and staring at each other. Yes. Big naty. Yes. Yo. Y'all doing this again next month? Sometime. We're doing it Wednesday and then we're gonna do it again on the 30th. So wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Wait, wait, wait what? Wednesday Next Wednesday. This Wednesday coming up? Yeah, next Wednesday. That is the 23rd. Yo. Yo mad. Oh Yo, Maddy, I'm pulling up His flip girl.


Oh, I love you Maddy. I love you. What up Joe? Ish. What up nigga? 74 degrees Wednesday. Y'all coming. Oh, Shit. I ain't get, I'm not coming. I Ain't get an invite. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'm there. s that He didn't get An invite. Oh. Amani said he'll be there too. I'm pulling Up. Yeah. Nah we in that piece. All we end up to save me a little point of a couch. But Listen, but listen, but listen, I got you. No problem. But listen, if you come, y'all have to get up and sing. Oh I'm shit. Look at Imani. Look at Imani. Thirsty to sing. Thirsty to sing. I'll get up there and hit a little call. Thomas. Now listen to this. Hey Maddie, I'm not getting up there and singing on no speed.


What's up? You ain't gotta ing. I'll hold it out. I'll do a duet. Fu you Got it. I'll do a duet. S alright. You Got it. We can do next Just in case Butter Love. Come on. Yo. This Thing and you just hit the background. You got The love that you do. The background. I Got it. I got that. Oh, I about to be my back. But I'm faithful. I'm faithful though. So faithful. I'm up in that piece. Yo, What was I about to say? What was I about To say? All right, so it's Wednesday. All right. That's it. All right. That's it. Girls Love Karaoke on Wednesdays invite only exclusive, very sexy function. And It is just a vibe. It's an experience that I feel like New York needed and I'm Here.


And you Provide now. None of them nine to five bitches though. I gotta go. Alright, bye bye. Love you. Bye. I love you too. She's amazing. I love her. Listen. Very nice girl. Little she was young. Damn Wednesday. Damn man. I. hope I'm available baby. If you listen. Should if my baby is listening, damn man. I think I'm busy Wednesday with, She also said the 30th. End 30th. Why do we say that day's? No, why are you saying that's the following Wednesday. So why you saying that day's knowing that you got a girl out. Papa, shout at me and singing karaoke when you walk in. Shout at me singing. Did you get Joe?


Asked Joe. I asked you a question, said Joe. Man, last last part. I said Joe let me ask you a question privately. And I know I said how many days would you have to ignore Sade before she turns up niggas in two days? He said, I don't think I'm gonna get the second day off. You know my girl popping up. So Yeah I she walked in. She that nigga was right. I keep remembering that. You remember saying how that nigga look, that nigga held This shit like this. I thought he was in a abusive relationship. We gotta call police Blink. Yo. If you asking, If you asking me yo, Who Got it in Blake?


Three. It's a different view. Yo. She did that. She don't use the apples. She did that seven right up. Yo. She seven. That should been in my algorithm too. No, but It is only bad 'cause she keep trying to pop up the rebrand. Talking about, I'm reading a book now. No nigga Apples. We Remember Oh. Shit Man. All right man. I'm going to Girls love karaoke. I think my girl is on a college visit that day with us athletic son. Man, good luck to him. I'm joking baby. I love you. I'm gonna get up there and sing a song about how faithful the whole podcast is. Mel, what's up?


You allowed back in pre I didn't cause a disturbance last time I was there. I should be Incriminate yourself. Which pre Now we moving on in my head. Now we're moving on. She don't even know how to not incriminate herself. Don't worry. I Got it. We moving on. Hey, hey, hey. Wait a minute now. Yeah look, staying alive.


Flip giant bars. There's Two pos in a row. You trying to have bar the billboards got 'em Feeling. good. Look at him. Daytona nigga said Mel got ran outta pre. Ooh. You what? He's out. I didn't though. I know nigga. Bitch ain't running you outta nowhere. Bitch you get out nigga. Take his skinny ass outta here. Hey man, keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid you a new farewell. Adio, Cereba, dichi OTA avo. So long. Goodbye or simple head nod. Ego.


Keep us in your prayers. You white moop your black moop by life. You gotta side toop. You got, you got your white bop down the I. gotta do side to side. Bop. I thought you lost your white Bop. But you got, you Got it Mel. Think just one more chance. Oh. Shit Thank. you This. shit. Yo. I bad You. think it is. Illmatic. Oh Shit. Alarm clock. Idiot. This Lastly, the baddies are insecure.


The stagnant women want to travel in a closed-minded women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol. You might need it. Hopefully y'all have a good weekend out there. It will be back next week. Same time, same place. Stay blessed and stay alive out there. Hey Out there Ani. I should pull up the saint tonight. Yeah. Yeah. You gone. For real. If you go I'll show up for five minutes only. I ain't buying bitches Calamari like that nigga.


Man, They got food in it. Huh? And the food banging. For real. For real. The food is good food. Bang. This probably the black, the best macaroni and cheese I had outside. Yeah. Oh really? Border won That I've had outside. Hey yo. I ain't gonna lie. Listen, I I gotta make a confession real quick. Y'all, I wanna, you know I haven't been to Pro Gola yet and I I need to. I need that nigga. This nigga Going outside. Outside. He trying to to go outside. Outside. Look at this nigga. He looked at. Don't Play no clown music for me. Nigga. Ain't clown music. Oh. Never Play clown music for you nigga. You a star. Go to Pergola. Get you the lamb sliders. Man. I thought, I thought y'all sitting there on let niggas in.


Really. Well don't wear that. Turn your Back. Yeah, for sure you can. Yeah. Corver, pull a out. Pull that. Pull a out. Pull a male in Corver. Oh We going man. Rest in peace to Liam Payne. Rest in peace. I'm not trying to be, yo It is too cold. A guest shout the nine to five is out there. Shout to everybody. I gotta work on the weekend. Saturday workers Saturday workers It is too low to See. Shout to you niggas writing your name on the snacks and putting it in the company fridge.


I used to go to Complex just to eat y'all shit. Like damn. Jan from accounting Pack a good little lunch. I'm not, I'm taking a grape. I'm taking a break. Nah. Jan used to put a little VH down there. Oh. Shit. I love vhs. I soldier Yo Yo. Write your name on This. shit. At the work fridge don't work. No taste better. come on Joe. It taste better. Oh. Shit. That's Darl like Sharon get busy. Nah, Sharon husband been cooking up. Yo. We love y'all man. Y'all hold it down same time.


Same place next week man. Hey wait a minute. A nothing from nothing. Me Go Yankees go. Nothing from nothing. Go Liberty.


J-B-P-J-B-P. Why would be without.