
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show right here. This Ayra Starr. Don't stop. No. Stop. Nigga don't do that because she good. Turn We good, nigga. Nigga. Turn, turn song. Everybody wanna Yeah.


Turn us on. Huh? Last looks. Last looks. Send your last minute texts. Do your Google. Oh. Huh? Make sure the ringer's off. Ah, Fuck they talking, you asked for it. You turn your ringer on. Hmm? You, you said make sure the ringer off you turn goes on. Yeah. So I can hear when I have a text message or a phone call coming in. That's, I know you have the fancy apple. No. That tell you all the shit. No, I wasn't like, I just Don't have my ringer or vibrate or anything on me. You, you don't wanna be alerted when somebody's Trying to get No, no.


Oh, so why you got a phone? Yeah. For what? I want it. Yeah. I, I will go look at my phone eventually and See that someone has called or texted. Yeah. That's what I do. And we'll deal with it then. Well We, we handle things different. Even though I'm with y'all, she handles things different. Okay. She wants to hear the day. I'm just saying time sensitivity sometimes. Yeah. Well, I mean, if there's something important going on and I'm expecting an important phone call, then that's a different scenario. Or vibrate. I don't hear that. Got it. Sorry. Old age hearing goes. Eyesight goes. It all goes. I don't want No beef now. Yo. Reddish no beef. I'm so old now.


I'm glad you said that. I put the phone on speaker and still gotta put it to my ear. So that's me. I'm moving a little close to you. I don't hear the speaker when It is just like on the turn, the volume up. You dummy it be up. I should be on maximum. I'm like yo, this don't make, yo, this is a god damn shame right now. I'm with you on God. I don't put it to my ear. But it be right here. It be right here. If it, if you, if it hit that waist, the sound get faint, the sound get a little faint. That's all. That's real. That's real. How's everybody doing? Doing good. Really good man. Really good, huh? Full crew. Go start nigga. There you full crew.


Don't try to get more morale up nigga. We good. Confident nigga. Take the nine. Take the charge too. No nigga. It is back. Oh Yeah. Hey y'all, you might, you might hit hard. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I'm little fat Ass fingers. What's up? Really? You went to, you went to, you went to a funeral. Oh, I'm sorry. Condo, Virginia. A few other Stuff. Oh, family.


You was there for the weekend. Got it. Did you eat good? Yeah. You know that down south. That shit be. Yeah, I know they was Shooting pause by funeral. No. Alright. That's it. They dropped the pot. That's it. They dropped the bottom today. You a funeral. I'm your friend today. I'm your friend today. Hey, fuck them niggas. Yo. We ain't playing. We with the funerals. Nigga don't drop the bottom. My day I'm, I'm off. I'm trying to like capitalize you shot. You shot it like a month ago. Disability. You shot it like a month ago. Right? It depend on which pod you talking about. Oh. Oh my man has, Yeah he shot a few. Well Yeah nigga, that's what we do nigga. I know. Yeah. Keep the morale up boy. We show you boy Crew.


Stop playing with us Today. Fuck Ish. Who's your pr? Mm You might not. You might need to share the wealth. She trying to get interviews. You know her shit look a little fake. She trying to get what she can fit in boy. Yeah You right. Ish. She got a spot for me. Now she's selling as Ish. Please Look what you, what you done did nigga. Look what you done did. Ain't no stupid ass glasses off. Nah, I didn here. Look off in the stars. Yeah look, Wait. I don't have nothing to do with what Y'all doing Don ain't got nothing To do. I've been practicing this look in the fucking bathroom mirror since last night. How hell, I don't have nothing Yo. With The glasses on. With the Glasses on.


Yeah. Yeah. So don't fuck it up. Yeah you stupid. This is 17 hours of, You know what I mean? I don't have nothing. Whatever y'all talking about. Whatever. Your little duck curry, curry duck shit date bullshit. Y'all did. That's not, I don't have nothing to do with It should Chilling. It's the vibe Was that Should look good. Nothing but this is nothing but vibes today. Mm. Okay, Got It. Super vibes. Quadruple H No you said triple H health, Happiness, healing and hose.


Gotta add holes. Sure. Gotta add holes. Nigga said my new name is triple H. Hose is nice. Even if you are healing just to have around, even if you have some, they Speed up the process Hose is It is cool. Hose Make it better. They speed up the process. Oh man. Only I had two small Elephants. Two small. Yeah. Mark, you good Mark. I know Mark and Ish had some flat earth beep earlier. Flat earth, good flat earth for Mark is like a bitch going in my phone when I'm, when I'm, when I'm asleep controlling me. At this point I might, I'm good. I'm great man. Alright. Let's get good spirits. Let's get this bad boy started then Why not? Why not?


So the only two things in life that you worry about, whether they healthy or whether you're sick. If you're healthy, you ain't got nothing to worry about. But if you're sick, you got two things to worry about. Whether you gonna get better, whether you gonna get worse, you get better. You ain't got nothing to worry about. But if you get worse, you got two things to worry about. Whether You gonna live, What you gonna die if you live, you ain't got nothing to worry about.


You ain't got nothing to worry about. You die. Yeah. You ain't worry about you. You die. You got two things. Whether you going to heaven, whether you going to, If you go to heaven, nothing Worry about. Worry about You ain't got nothing to worry about. Love you go to hell. You got two things. Original or extra crispy.


Mic Check. One, 2, 1 2. Mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2. Shout To wherever you might be listening. Big Big Jersey Please. What up? Whatever going on there. Shout to all the subgroups out there. All the first and last time listeners shout to the patrols.


Always. Everybody Outside. We got 80 degrees outside. It's, You know what I mean?


When the weather get hot man, when the weather get hot it take me back to the nineties. Cross colors and shit. Call canine all that shout. Everybody gearing up for a family reunion out there. Hey shout the parents listening. 40 it up. 40 it up out there.


Y'all seen the Shannon Sharp electric slide? Yeah. Yes. I ain't gonna lie. It did make me wonder how all of y'all's electric slide looked. We get up and do it. Everybody on the phone. Cut, cut, cut, cut it. Everybody on the phone now? No. Cut it on now. Everybody on the phone do cut it on. What you mean cut on You right now? Boy, cut it right now. Oh boy. Do I have that? Mm it's electric. Come on man. You not good belt. Do I have that? Are you googling how to do it? Mel, put your fuck down. I'm looking you up to see What happened with Shannon Sharp. I Didn didn't See that. Don't fuck the whole video. But he was doing electric slide.


It wasn't the most, it was. That's what he doing. He was terrible. I about say doesn't look like no electric cloud. I See that nigga electric is off. I do pay. You can't feel it. Hey you pay the bill. This shit look terrible. Alright with that blackout on. See Griffith? No you never heard this. Get up nigga. Your face. That's why I'm just, you was like This is the electric slide song. Excuse me, I can't get up. I can't get up. I would've walked around.


I can't get, I would've got up, yo. I would've got up. Wait. Oh my Melyssa Savannah Ford. Yo, I've never heard this before. You are never gonna be the allegations. And so I, I listen, I'll start. I accept the charges. Do you know how to electric slide a little bit everywhere. Oh okay. Alright. So it makes more sense now. Alright. Alright. Funny. Alright. She don't know how to electric slide. No, that crazy. You know it's like a little back and forth, you know. Slide. Slide and dip dip and then you What Mark did you notice about our sister in Christ? No you fucking didn't.


Just that. That's it. You have said enough for the morning. Okay. Oh shit. Shit. Did I do Nothing Round Earth? Shit. That nigga held you down when you left. Y know shit. You just shooting that nigga. No, no. When you left nigga he lift you. Yo, this nigga ain't nothing in there my nigga. Everyone's best interest Because I saw, I saw the battery in his back and he was like, ooh, Ain't no celery left. My nigga everyone's best interest and I pretend there is apple celery. All that shit gone. Oh man, y'all, that's Funny. I asked it to all of y'all, but in my notes it definitely says Mail Does mail no Outta electric fly.


Oh, I've never heard that before. What? How have you ever been to a wedding? No, a black wedding. In fairness that most blacks, they played that at white weddings. Well I play. Really? Yeah, they played That shit. Where do we have New Year's Eve when they was playing All the white slacks. Yeah. Nah, Costa Rica. Yeah. At the playing Hollywood, whatever the Fuck that was. You know what, I usually see people doing the electric slide when candy comes on candy by cameo. That's usually when I see people doing the electric slide. So Didn didn't know there was A like the best man. Best man. I was saying that I think it's just the best man a boob that wasn't Is That where we're getting on? Yes. Isn't that where they do that?


You know, people do it when they hear candy come on in the club or at a party. Candy Comes on in the Club. Cameo candy. Yeah, Candy might come on. But of course I've never seen people do the electric side of the club. Right. What club is this? This Is Canadian thing. I Don dunno. Yeah, that's what I always thought the electric slide was done to. Alright. Just for shits and giggles. And then I promise I have a PrizePicks ad and then other shit PrizePicks, by the way, shout PrizePicks. This part in a second. Can you show us what you know of the electric slide? Hell The fuck no. Is it that bad? It's It's, it, it will be Flip and do it with you. Flip it door with you. We would do it together. All three of us. Come on. I don't care. Let's go back. Come on.


Yo. This is about to be classic. Who can We turn the music up a little bit? Who? Eddie. Yo. Whatcha doing? This nigga did the electric Boogaloo classes. Yo It is, It is been a long time.


You do now you get crazy in the regular. I thought you get crazy with the, on that electric slide floor. Oh, so he's saved because he's he's got the boot on. Of course Now I know how to do the electric. Do It with the boot on. It is body. Do it with the boot On. Do the electric, do it with the boot. He, I promise you He he do he really seen him do it. No. Do breeze. Yes. I put my chip to the table. It knows how to do this. In fact, trust me. And It is foot broke fucker. Trust Me. Do it. You're my complexion Niggas out there with dirt roads. Oh my Lord. A hundred Motherfuckers doing electric. You right. Okay, well Parks man. That was What I missed it. What episode? This Is 821 Yes. Of the Joe Biden podcast. Welcome to episode 821 of the Joe Biden podcast.


It is brought to you by Brought to you by Fueled By Powered by PrizePicks. PrizePicks Game. PrizePicks. I'm seen a lot of y'all shot a lot of commercials boys since the last one.


We did. What? Wait, what happened? Parks hit Correct them. What's, what's correct? What's correct? Them five. Huh? Four. Yes. Five, four. That's a nice crack. Five. That's a nice, A nice crack. Yeah. The polo's looking, looking bright. Look crispy. New Chuck. The Chucks are already fucked up. Nashville was rough on the Chucks. White Chucks in Nashville was not a great Decision. A six player. It was a bunch of different ones. I was going crazy. Oh, altogether? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, You went, you went to Tennessee. Okay. Nashville Was not good to me. Nashville was good To you. I hold you. I crack. I crack up like you when I was in Virginia.


You could get busy too. Yeah. Anyway, I'm here. Humble, grateful, gracious and highly favored host Joe Button here with some really amazing people. To my right. The amazing Melyssa Ford is back in the building. Welcome Back. Thank You. Fresh show up for Curry Duck Fest. Right. Shout out to Flip's wifey. Thank you. Thank you. And and mother-in-law. Thank you. Thank you. The sound. Yeah. And the kids and family and just everything. How how'd that come about? I saw that, I saw Clip. I saw it too when I was home free and available. My mother-in-law And Hungry and hungry. Hungry is good. And that should look good. Craving for Duck. How That came, we were discussing it with Ian.


He said, you like duck? And I said, well my wife, my mother-in-law knows how to make curry duck. And that's what, and we set up a date. Then I got, I called Mel. I said, Mel, you know we had Ian CRI come through, get some duck and you know, I feel your spirit. You know what I mean? Mm. Might be down a little bit, but come through. You have some fun with us. I like to move. Y'all got Ian playing Duck Goose. She came quick too. Greedy ass. She said, oh, she said, oh, I gotta, I said, whatcha you doing man? I'm doing some electric shock, shock therapy on my shoulder. I said, girl, you want some Dunking Roti? Yeah, sure. As soon as I have the phone ring, she had the door. I didn't even give her Ian address because she knew.


But yeah, it, it, it was fun. Hey yo, it was a point, it was a point in there, right? Mel would sit on the couch. I'm on my phone, she's just staring at me for man long. But I feel her staring at me to talk, but I'm ignoring her. So she tell me, can you turn the volume down off your phone because it's kind of loud. I said, that's kind of rude. Like, you don't mind my business. I turned it down. I, I looked to the, the, I looked to the left and she just looking like this. I said, what's up? Talk to me, my nigga. And you know, we just had a good conversation. It was good to see man. Man, it was great. Chopped it out. Chop 'em down.


She said, you know, they chop me down. Flip, can, can you continue? She said the introduction please. They chop me down. Okay. So Flip is here. Great. Yeah. Queen Flip. Yeah. Okay. All right. Get the money y'all Ish. Right. Get the money y'all. King Wawa in the building. The ies of them all ice is here. Mr. Taking it further himself. Dr. Mark Lamont Hill is in the building. Big Parks El Irish fines poet here. Corey is here. Ericson is here. Anybody else that's here is here on their home volition And Keep Yeah, shout, shout to them niggas too. How, how's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling? What's going on? What's going on? Talk to me now. Feeling great man. It feels good to be home, man.


I'm exhausted. Oh man. I did some peasant shit, bro. And I, I thought about all y'all. I was like, damn, I don even wanna let my, let my family know man. I caught a flat the other day. Nah, Nah, that's not peasant shit. I changed the flat. Oh. Oh, That's bad. I think that's incredible. Oh well, Cool. I'm let that you should have road flex though. Your car has tire in the back in the trunk. Huh? You had a spare? That's See, See I didn't see. So wait, your fancy car doesn't come with a spare? No run flats. Wait, You had a spare on your car Run flats? I had, I had a spare On my car. Oh wait, you had, you got the little secret compartment under The though, you know the shit that it come with some bullshit.


Right. So I'm out there like this. Yo. Hey yo. They had the little, they got the little pack of tools. Yeah, the Young as you got bridge together. Look Rich. Shit. I was like, yo, man, where you was at? I was on the turnpike on the highway. Oh. You fucking, you ain't got triple Play nothing. My dude, I just figured Christmas Your car, you ain't got, You hit the button where they say we'll come get you Orange Star. I have all of that. But by the time I got it I could just change it real fast and get the fuck outta here. Well you was By yourself, right? It was starting to rain by yourself. You change it in the rain? No, it was about to start the rain. Wait, trying to, I didn wanna Be waiting outside. Wait, So it was thundering on your back?


No. And then you would look up like this. I was just like, God, I sit here on a turnpike 18 wheeler around my, I like I could sit here hat or I could just change this shit and get outta here bro. Wait, you by yourself? Yeah, I was By myself. Thank God. Thank God. Thank God. Yeah. Thank God. Missing peace wasn't there. Triple A with a And Somebody almost hit you one time too, right? Nah, I got over far, Bro. Yo, you, you crazy bro. That's dope though. They know how to change the tire. Yeah, it's man shit. Change the tire. Real girl. A lot of guys out there know how to change the right here. Change the tire, right? Yes. Yeah. Who we're men's men? I think The new niggas don't know how to change it. The new niggas don't know how to use, they don't even have tools bro. They don't not How do nothing. That's real. I got triple eight For a reason.


No, I got 'em. It is just, they take a minute. Yeah, I, I had somewhere to be and I'm like, you know what I, I'm not gonna How long, how long you Put a, you put a spear on your joint? Yeah, I put the spear on. You put the little donut. You got a donut on the truck? No, I, I didn after had on the truck, shit. Even driving. Oh no, you riding like that. So now it's raining. What? Oh nigga got a donut in rained? Yeah, it was bad. Oh that's, I'm good. I was bad man. I'm proud of you though. I got triple away man. For a reason. My nigga. I got run, I got run flats for a reason. I was about to say. Yeah. I ain't Never do that. That's some of the PORs I've heard.


So yeah, you got a spare. Yo, look at this shit we shave. You Got a spear in his trunk. Your Trunk lift up and it's a tire. Ain't even nothing fly. Oh yeah, Scag. I'm sorry you went through that though. Yeah. Yeah. That's rough man. Did you feel like better? Like, like on some man you like when you fix something at the crib, you feel like a man's man. Do you feel like that? The end? No nigga, I was tired Doing this shit. And then you got to Yeah, I was tired. Mm. Fuck that. Tell you one thing that the trunk on that motherfucking Ferrari is the size of them little pocket books. Them bitches be wearing No tire in there. Right. You could put about 10 pennies in there. Shit made For a duffle with on. That's it. I was mad for a second.


So I fucking felt poor. I was like, oh, all right. They didn't, they don't want you to put nothing in there. Yeah. This ain't to put nothing there. Spear Wallet. Yeah, exactly. So you don't sit on it. Carry back. I'm glad you still remember Uck put a tire on the car, man. See That's cool. That's what that man's man shit is. What I It is overrated. Oh, it's way overrated. I ain't chasing shit. No listen. I build houses. I'm not chasing no tire. I'm calling aaa my nigga. I'm good. And I will, I waited on the side of I 95 with my son in the back. How long? Solid hour. See I, I need to get up out there. Yeah, he's A tough kid. He'll be all right. He be all I had to get, I had Patience bill tolerance.


Yeah. I'm good. Fuck that. Not fucking with that. God's good to see each and every one of you guys. I've Been being here honestly. Full crew up in here today. So unfortunately we have to start with a topic that has been taking over the internet. Oh Yes. Again. Oh Yeah. Yes. Again, again. Yeah. I remember this the first time I think. Yeah. And the second time I think. Yeah. Every couple years. Yeah. Short answers No. Yes. Short answers. 100 men versus a gorilla. Unarmed Men that can change tires or men that call aaa. Oh that's a good one. Put whatever men you want.


No, the answer's always no, by The way. Alright, so you got no mark. Fuck no ice Gorilla coats and boots and shit for everybody. Man, we we fucking that gor up Ish. Fuck no Flip. Nah. You ever seen one of 'em? Shit's a real person in real life. Yeah. You seen a hundred people though jumping. Yeah. No. Mel a Hard no no. Joe. No. But but that doesn't stop me from thinking about it. Oh, I think about it all the time. Wait, this has come up more than once. Yes. Yes. Yeah. This is a years old internet debate.


Yeah. This is from years ago. The only difference now is they got AI and shit to like drug Actually do it. Yeah. To show what happened. Niggas could barely knock a nigga out with a punch. Yeah. What they gonna do to hurt the gorilla? Right. Them gorilla's, hands be like this big, The gorilla arm be like, what they gonna do to hurt the gorilla? That's all I want to know. Like how they gonna hurt it with no weapons. I just like hearing questions where male ego gets to, gets to respond. For sure. That's why I said yeah. So It is just fun. They Gonna slam the dog shit up When the first guy gets smooshed. Yeah. Like the first 10 guys get their head ripped off, off ripped off. It's gonna scare about like 30 of them. But That's the thing. A hundred men really mean. Probably 60 40 to 60 men.


Shit. Yeah. Best A hunt. 20 To 30 12 nigga. Because a lot of people are gonna die. Okay. People are gonna die. Only 12, Two not good. Die Terrible. Gimme a hundred crack heads though because that's different. That's different. Crackhead strength a little different. I I, I would freeze a little bit. I say Crackheads do some shit. I went, they gonna hold his leg And shit. They gonna bite him. I'm telling I went freeze. I went freeze. You could throw a crackheads. That nigga, I seen the crackhead climb a pole fall and climb back up for that. We talking about the streetlight pole. Climb on the top and hold On. Tell a crack head. You got a hundred dollars for him. Yeah. All right. That gorilla ass is grass.


But fear starts to kick in once the gorilla start fucking the first 10 or 20 people up, it's about 10 or 20 more. When they fearless that shit. It would be like saying like how many 10 year olds could be, could, could, could, could you take like could you take 110 year olds? No a 10 year olds might get get you, Lemme, lemme lower a number six year olds because that's probably more comparison to a gorilla to us. You think 106 year you could think you could beat 106 year olds. Yeah. Easy Grandma, The first 6-year-old and use them gets all, Once you get tired after like 25, 30 because everybody swinging the 6-year-old in a circle, you still got 70 more of them niggas to Go. How they gonna hurt you start biting on your ass. Yeah. With the 6-year-old teeth.


No I ain't gonna hurt. And this is how the gorillas think looking at us. Exactly. Little poke ass human teeth ain't doing shit but I don yo stop yo a hundred brave Mendo Ish. I'm calling the women to bring the bears. That's good. Let me go get that bear back in here. Yo. Yeah, that was the funny shit you said Joe said there was a bear loose somewhere and guess what? All the women ran Joe. That was the funniest fuck you talking about Joe. That was so funny. They got outta Sam's. What's that little Connecticut Kroger's. Oh man.


Oh shit. Stupid. Yo, here's a study that says that men overestimate their ability to fight by 400%. We talked about that. Yes. Oh yeah. Forgive me. Okay. Yeah because that's, to me, that's what the conversation seems like when I watch people saying they could do It is I think we think we could do shit. We can You. Right. What do You think leads to that thought process? Is it all the video games? Like the first person video games that you guys test all day? Ego that. Okay. Alright. But does this like help kind of build the ego? No, It is just, Just, it's just naturally just daftness. Yeah. You Just, You can do it. I don't think these niggas Believe they could do that shit here period. I Don't think in they heart of hearts they believe that. But the ego will allow won allow you to say it. So a lot of niggas gonna say yeah we could do it.


And also people don't fight. Most people, most people who talk about fighting haven't been in a fight or don't fight Lord. So a lot of It is you estimate what you'll do in that situation and men tend to think that their anger and their rain will carry them, will carry them through. Carry them. They think that shit Jason sta them do is easy Word. Like yo I done word man. I would've, no you wouldn't. No nigga They throw that first punch and realize it ain't do what you thought it was going to Do. I went to See that Jason Stam movie I told y'all was real here. How was that bullshit? The same as any other one. I ain't even see it. So he Worked for some Mexican family. They took the Mexican family daughter and he real Jason Stam really rocks with the family. So now he go kill 970 people To get the daughter to get daughter.


Fuck that. Kinda like man on fire. Man On fire. Kinda Like every Movie the Be Keeper kinda Like every Jason Tatum movie. But this one is like dog, this ain't even your daughter. Nah. But we gotta recall you killed 975 people. He just fucked with Off principle. Yeah. Fuck With him. Alright. He Taught her how to ride a bike. Don't worry about it. He taught her how to ride a bike. This why they got a bond. Hey I'm, I saw accountant too too. All y'all little jokes is exactly why I walked out with 20 minutes left on the clock Top Taking this shit. I'm Going, I had enough. They Had an accountant too. Yeah. In the movie theater. It's In the theater Now. Been in it. Yeah. Yeah. And John Bar Bernthal And his brother. Oh, John Bethal. Yeah, the Johnnys.


It was it was It good? No, I didn't like it at all. Accountant two. I didn't like it at all. I wasn't a fan of accountant one. Like I love being account. Account one is fire I people love accountant. One account one is all the way fire. What a plot to is. Oh they're Brothers. Like that was fire. This one storyline is whacked. The brothers are working together. They ain't kill enough people. S not in your in your bag. They didn't kill enough people. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They killing up. Hilarious. For Revealed Ben, Ben is on there acting like fucking Mark Lamont with his autism. Just bullying people. He missed JLo. Fucked him up. Anyways. I wasn't trying to do movies. I did go To the movies centers. Hey, after last po we went to go see it.


There we go. Freeze. I absolutely loved it. Yes, absolutely Love it. Yes. There we go. Yes, I'm mad. I waited but I like the development. It took a minute. 'cause I'm sitting there like, damn, I thought this shit was a vampire movie and I ain't see no vampires for a minute. Even when they popped up, I didn't realize that they was vampires Off the rip. Yeah, you wouldn't have though. I'm gonna let that go. He'd have trusted him. I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let that, I'm Gonna let that go. Koon every day wouldn't have noticed that they was the vampires. I'm gonna let that one go. He'd have thought That was come on in. Hey was help. Come on. Why don't you play Rc Come on.


Stop. Wait, Ice would've Gave him the arc. Stop it. Go ahead. Go ahead. When did you notice it was Va? No, when my man opened, when the Indian dude came to the door and he ran Native Americans. Excuse me. Yes. Native American. My bad shit, We going off. Where the fuck? I apologize, but I didn't, my man was burnt up. Burnt up. I didn't put the two and two together right away. Then the very next I said, oh shit, that's the vampire. Got it. That's all. But, but yeah, that shit was, I wanna see it again. I've seen it twice. I'm tight that I can't catch this. 70 millimeter IMAX for Del. No, you would've two of them joints.


He was trying to figure out, lemme guess what Anec You. Like you ain't, you ain't see it before. Right. Looking forward to this. Oh shit. Oh, She wasn't even jumping and shit, nigga. Everybody's did that before. Everybody's biting people. She ain't jumping and shit. Shit. Like, oh my God. Whoa. Yeah. Don't act like y'all ain't did that. And on top of that real quick, the conversation you had about Jordan Peele and all that on the last part, you know I saw a lot of people talking about your conversation that you brought up, comparing the two and stuff like that. That that was something that people were talking about. I just wanted to say salute to you on, on when you was talking about Jordan Peele and the comparison, the Sinners and the other movie, you know, the movies that he's done.


Mm. Am I the person that brought that up? Yeah. I Don't, I had asked the question but you had, You was kind of like against that. Yeah. You was. I Don the Same conversation. That's what I'm saying. But it, it, it, it, It, yeah. I don't think I would've did that. No, no. Hold on, hold on. We, we were saying that we liked his movies. You and I were saying we like this movies more than coolest movies. More than than Pete. Than him. Yes. Yeah. Ryan Cooley. Did we initiate that or were We asked? No, it kind of came, I forget how it came up now. Me too, Because I'm now with diming. Somebody's like, because I'm bing somebody else up. No, I think the movie Got compared to to what's the, what's the movie I don't Like Out Get Out, get Out. Us Us. And he did Get out. We started talking. The comparison came up.


Oh. Because I brought, no, because I brought up the movie about that Marlin Wayne is in. Right. The football him. He brought that up and you was like, nah, I don't want, I'm not excited about that. And then I asked why then that, That was, but shout to Jordan Peel. I don't want no smoke. S not mine. That's my people. People were talking about it like what You said and Stuff. Some people were upset and some people it was a Debate. I, I want you to take, because me and Parchman getting dragged a little bit about, I Don Dunno if you saw me and you because we didn't like the, that that scene, the musical Scene, the montage Scene. I didn like, I didn like the y'all Are nuts. I'm okay with being nuts. And do y'all know that that was Raphael Sadik Salute to one of the greatest, greatest musicians and producers ever. But I didn't like the drums.


It Is the drums. Stop It. Sorry. Stop. We're both drummers. So that actually might, it might be a nerd drummer. What nigga? I'm a drummer Shout. Was It well Drum Better. What was the issue that you guys had with It? The drums. The Drums. Like what about the drums? What About, yeah, What about the were swag trap? They Were sold. There was just nothing to 'em. Yeah, it was just like me. But I made You hate the whole scene. No, the scene was cool. I'm talking about the music, The sound sonically, I didn't like it. Aesthetically I thought it was beautiful. It was, it was for me it was the sound. Yeah. And I like the, the idea. Yeah. It just, to me wasn't executed the greatest. Yeah. Oh no, I ain't, I ain't had nothing bad about it. I fucked with the music, the whole shit. I went and got the soundtrack. Listen, if I only didn't like 30 seconds of the movie, I'm okay with that.


Yeah. And the rest of the music in the movie was great. It was just that one little scene I'm okay with, I Thought not like amazing Out. Like, and I felt like the electric guitar kind of played a bigger role in that scene though, than the drums. I don that was what I heard. And the movie told us he wasn't like that. Mark not like it. I see what you was like. So you saw too, right? What'd you think? Oh, About the entire movie? Yes. Yes. You had to see this coming. I I I think, I think it was highly overrated Either over You said what? Highly overrated. I think, I think artistically it was dope, but I think it was highly overrated.


Why? Like what what, what had it overrated for you? I think that what happened with the movie was the marketing was great and I think that the people did a great job marketing the movie. Like I, when I sit and talk to people about the movie before I saw it, it sounds like they regurgitating something that they read. Okay. Like some of these motherfuckers couldn't use some of those words if you, If you paid them. Like, It just sound like somebody read some shit and then they just basically People were offering like dissertations on Twitter. Don't think, think people read. And I think people read that and it, it influenced their real assessment of the movie. So what did you think was like overrate? What were you expecting versus what you got?


Good question. I, I think the plot was blah. I think some of the symbolism that people talk about, again, I think they read that. You know what I'm saying? I don't think people came up with that on their own. And then I've heard too, like totally contrasting points of view. So I think that if you read one and you're like, oh okay, that's what that meant. And then somebody else could have gotten something totally different. I think it was a great piece of art. But again, art is objective. I could look at a painting and you could get something from it that I don't get from it. I could get something totally different. That's what I think it was. But as far as, but you just Said it was a great piece of art. Yeah. The way it was shot. I think the cinematography and all that was dope. I think the plot was eh, The storyline. You think about the acting. But what if somebody acting was okay? It was okay.


I think, I think I like Michael B. Jordan. I think that some, I don't think he get in character. Well sometimes, like I think when you start doing a movie from the 1930s, we still speak too properly. I think when you are actor, actor you get into that you, you, you, you change your grammar, you do all of that shit. Nobody's using apostrophe ss in 1930s when you was a sharecropper. You know what I'm saying? Like I just, some of that shit don't be believable for me. Yeah. But he was a little different because they moved up to Chicago, hit the big city and was working up there doing what they did. So he got a different experience. Didn't you say Al Capon News? Yeah, he was up that way. So now he brought that back. So yeah, he's gonna talk a little different with that little city swag Because people have not been using apostrophe s in the 1930s.


Like why is that so farfetched? I don't know. I I Think they did, but yeah, I think someone else up here even said that they didn't necessarily like the, the, I didn't like some of the language, some of the language seem anachronistic. That wasn't my particular one. The craziest thing. Slang. I didn. Just give an example bro. Like when you watch a slavery movie, right? Or I watch Harriet Tubman slavery movie people, slaves didn't speak like that. So it kind of comes off as like inauthentic. I had issues some of the language too. Yeah. Like I don So we want the slaves to be portrayed the right way. What, what letter grade would you, would y'all give? Is I I would give the film. I would tell my homie away like a B plus A I'd say A is probably where I would land. Okay. You know what I mean? Because A, I reserve a for like godfather level shit, but like, or if I were giving a letter grade, I'd probably give it like a 90 92.


Right. Or a number grade rather. What? What BB For you? Oh, C plus B. C plus B. Okay. B Maybe. Wow. Okay. It is Definitely, it's definitely a probably a, a for me. Yeah. I was eight, eight and a half to nine out 10. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm, I'm kind of surprised because you, you, you're pro black and you look at things from a, a, a pro-black lens when it comes to black people and you know, the black director and all the things surrounding the film. So I thought that you were going there with that Expertise. I did, I did because I read it Ish. Do you feel like they, sometimes you don't like things because of the hype that comes with 'em? Sometimes, but I think if it lives up to the hype, then I'm, I'm on board.


You hear what I'm saying? Like, I, I think that if I saw this movie without ever seeing anything about it, like I'm not being contrarian. I saw the movie. It was, it was okay to me. I've seen movies that was big, big, big up. And when I saw it I was like, okay, that shit was fire. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? So it, it, it, it don't do that for me. Do you Think your opinion would would've been different if you'd never heard a thing about it? Nah, I didn't hear a thing about the movie when I went in. I didn't even know it. I didn, didn didn't know shit. I didn just watched it, enjoyed it personally. Can I ask you a controversial question? Me? Yeah, Sure. I don thought of it because Flip just said that pro black shit, which I do believe that you are. Yeah, he did. But there's a clip going around of you saying that you didn't believe that black people should get reparations. Oh, I, I read that.


I just did. You did you I didn't see the clip, but I read somebody say that how disappointed they were in him saying that, that he said that. 'cause they need financial literacy. They said, he said that black people will, if they get the money, what they're wasted or whatever. 'cause they don't have financial literacy. What did you say? I'm just, I'm I'm waiting for you to finish. That's exactly what would happen. No, I'm waiting for you to finish your question. Like I think that's what you asked. That's End of your question. That's what I'm asking. What About it? Do you believe black people should get reparations? No, I think black people should get equity and I think the two are different. I think that I'm not really a fan of handouts. Like I don't want your money. I just want me to be able to make my money and you not be on my dick about making it.


I don't think that if we get reparations, it's going, we gonna fear any better. Me personally, I don't think that, so I think reparations would be a waste for most. Some would definitely take the money and do some positive things with it. But I don't think it'll get us no better if, if we not changing how we being treated in America. I don't think reparation is going to change nothing. It is early in the show. Oh, good. Go ahead. Go ahead. No, like I don't want equality, I want equity. So if you got a 500 year head start and now me and Parks are able to both make a hundred dollars a day, Parks gonna keep his 500 year head start. It is, It is not. But if you got Too twice that much money And then I got twice that much money and they still don't change the way that we are being treated, it's gonna be futile and useless.


But the way Oh, go Ahead. The, The, because you said before that it's, it's about rich and poor. So the way we being treated is because we're poor. No, I think, I think that yes and no. I think that, so, so lemme just finish. So if we did get the money, would it change how we're treated because they're not necessarily poor anymore? No. Because they're not gonna give you enough money for you to be rich. Reparations dude. They're gonna have to give 13% of the population reparations. Then they're gonna decide if you got black blood. If you don't like we, when we get the reparations one, the reparations don't come with a financial literacy package to show you how to use the money to your best advantage.


That I agree with. That's number one. Number two, it's black people that make a shit ton of money today that still don't do nothing with the money and don't gain nothing in society just because they have money. So I don't think the reparations is the, the end all be all. I think that's a cop out for me. That's my opinion. I I would just, I would just say One, and I get the idea not taking handouts, but the whole argument of reparations, that it's not a handout that it's owed. Right. That it's a reparations literally means repair. Gotcha. Repair the damage. Done. So the idea is if you took, like you said, if you got a hundred year head start and you took my money for a hundred years and you exploited my labor and all this stuff was built around our labor, universities, companies, insurance, the country. Yeah. The whole country. Right.


Every institution then giving us reparations isn't a handout. It's, it's actually what we owe what we're owed. Sure. And then the second part of that I think is I've never heard people say reparations either or, you know, I've been part of reparations movement for a long time. Not like a leader of it, but just advocating for it. And every reparations person I know is also asking for voting rights, housing protections, other things. And then the last part of It is, I think reparation should be a check. I think every descendant of slavery, to be clear, so I don't get hit on the internet. Every descendant of am of American slavery here in the United States deserves reparations. Gotcha. But I also think in addition to the check, we should also have access to free, free public education, like university education. We should also, like, there's other things you can do systemically to close that gap in addition to the money.


So I think we could, But when we talk about reparations overall, we talking about the check, it's the money, It's, it's two different thoughts. You taking it when most people in a general sense talk about reparations, they talking about a check. Yeah, I think that's Right. You get what I'm saying? So I think that's fair. If you said, yo, do you think every descendant of, of, of slavery should get free education? I'm, yeah. And again, it just depends on would You be, if if you got all the other stuff, would you be okay with the check too? I wouldn't be turned down the check now. No. Lemme that the idea, I don't mean turn. Would you turned down? Would you be okay? I I just think that it, It is, I don't think it's going to do what people think it's going do. I think that a lot of times people just be like, yo, if I had or my mother worked at such and such, I would be doing better. Or if all of that shit, to me It is, It is the same ideology in my opinion.


And it's funny that outta that Mandy interview, the shit that we highlight is the one thing that we ain't highlight Nothing else. Oh, I didn, I didn't see the Mandy. We ain't highlight nothing else. All the other positive shit. We definitely gonna go to the negative shit. Which I think is goofy. But it's cool. Again, I just think, I think I don't, that was a, I think the education is more, It is more Important. It is. You I don't, I disagree with that. I think that you should be able to expound on something that sounds wild in an excerpt. So I Brought it up. So you could do that. No, I, I Get it. That was it. I mean I, how I I mean we, we I didn't mean for the deep Dive. No, we, we, we, how I look at some of these issues again is def we've, I've been up here four years.


How I look at some of these issues is definitely on the opposite side of, of many people. But that's okay. No, I know. I I know I'm saying I stand in that I I I'm not, I'm not against that. I, I'd stand in what I believe in. I think that Dave, what Dave Chappelle had the thing about reparations. Reparations. He's like, yo, the Cadillac dealer dealership gonna be empty in two days. Shit like that. Like I just think that they had a whole White people say they just justify not giving it. Yeah, I'm about to say Then. So we cop Cadillacs there. No, no. It ain't even just to justify not giving it, the white boys got that crypto money and bought every Lambo in the mother in the, in the spot. But I'm just saying we saw, we, we saw something similar. Not similar, but we saw when people got access to a whole bunch of extra money they didn't expect during, during And all that shit.


Yeah. And look what happened. I'm just, I'm up to believe that that's not my business. True. I'm not saying that y'all are right, That y'all are wrong. Yo, that ain't my business. Somebody ain't Gonna get that check. And blowing. Of course, of course. It's funny. Mind in shoebox deal. This is a, this is a side, but it's kind of related. When I was in Nashville this weekend, we went to the country Music History museum or whatever and they had some cars. They had Elvis's car. It was Diamond Paint, gold plated trim TV in the back. Another dude's car had guns for the door handle handles and a gun on the cross. Like this is all the shit that they yell at rappers about the violence and extremism and the country stars were doing the exact same shit in 1950 or whatever.


Anyway, sorry aside, They knew they needed to do like a, a deep dive on Elvis's real life and who he was. I'm a sort of a, not a fan of Elvis, but like I'm fascinated by his story and all the extra and shit he did. So anyway, He didn't fuck with Elvis. I don't fuck with him. Tell me why. Because he was a racist. I don't think he was, I don't think he, I don't, he was, I don't, He was Okay. Culture B appropriation. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don don't think he was racist though. I think that, and I think that the people that he engaged with back in the days appreciated the fact that he was coming in and Supporting them. Lemme ask you, There's a lot of fake quotes about others, though. A thou, a thousand of them did. Okay. Do you think Parks is a culture? Culture? No. So if Parks went on to take the things that he learned in black culture and made a zillion dollars with it, If Parks got on stage and started singing, you Ain't nothing with a, but a Hound dog without gif.


Yes. I'm gonna call him a fucking culture Vulture. Yeah. Yes. I'm there was, there was definitely artistic theft a thousand percent. But the people, the people, Those are genuine friends. It Doesn't fucking matter. It doesn't matter. Like look at, look at this whole sinners conversation. A lot of people have been throwing the accusation at Ryan Coogler that he completely ripped off from Dusk till dawn. No, No, no. It was a different movie too. Go ahead. It was Doctors of the Dusk or something like that. I'll find the name. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But Really, but even from the, But even, but really it's about from Dusk till Dawn, because it's a very similar storyline. It, it's very, very similar, you know, but stylistically to some degree.


Exactly. But what a lot of people don't seem to understand or are like willfully ignoring is the fact that he has basically said he's paid homage to that. It's not like he has basically said, oh, I came up with this. It is a completely original story. No, he has paid homage to that. And there's plenty Of filmmakers that, artists in general that Remix or borrow from some, I wanna finish A point. No, I'm, she did, she finished the book. So I'm finishing my point and basically saying like, it's one thing if you, you know, take somebody's idea and you give them absolutely no credit for it. It's another thing if you're saying, I was inspired by this particular piece of work that was done by this particular person, and you give them the credit, that's completely different. But now, And I wanna be careful with the language took somebody's idea.


Yes. I do wanna be careful with that. Yeah. But Here, the, the, the people that Elvis covered like Big Thorn gave them permission and bigged them up for it. And he, it was reciprocated. He showed them love. He went back there and supported them. So they, they were fine with it. It's like now in retrospect when we look back, we have these issues, but the people in that time were fine. They big them up. They talked about him and they were appreciate appreciative of what he was doing with their music. I think the truth is kind of in the middle, a part of it, Elvis was really in, steeped in the tradition. Like Elvis loved to sing gospel. Elvis had gospel tones. Elvis was into race records. Black, you know, black music. He covered Big Mama Thornton because he could get that record somewhere else. That's 'cause the system was racist. Right.


System fucked. They wouldn't allow Hound Dog to be a, a hit from anybody. But Elvis, I don't see Elvis as stealing. I see Elvis as being a useful tool. Tool Yeah. For an industry that was stealing and extracting black art. I agree. And, and, and so for me it's like, was Elvis interpersonally racist? Everybody I've ever spoken to by Elvis has said no. They've said he's, he actually was good with Fly With Black. Very much so. And Embedded in black Culture. Yeah. And, and deeply embedded in black culture. And what we started to see, just like with Tommy Hilfiger, was these rumor mills, these rumors and play quotes. Only thing a black could do for me is shine my shoes. These things Elvis never actually said. Got it. Just, just like Tommy Hilfiger never said like, I don't want, I don people wear my, I don That was, that was, I was about to say that, that was a ver very pervasive rumor that Followed around.


Don't know that one. I don I'm, I'm rolling with I was outside back then. I, I, if, if I'm believing he said that. Well, I mean, who Tommy Hilfiger. I can't, I can't. I don know what he thought. He did say he didn't, that he didn't say, but I'm saying it was a quote attributed to him that was faked. Now he might have meant that, he might have felt that I don't know him, but I'm saying he didn't actually say that. And Elvis, Tommy, my motherfucker. But with Elvis, so Elvis is a whole lesson. I don't wanna be a cap for Elvis. There's, there's plenty That's about Tom Silverman. I know, I know. The biggest thing about Elvis to me is that there, there was just so many other black artists who were far more talented, far more gifted. You hear Quincy Jones talk about that or even talk about the Beatles, you know, talk about Ringo drumming. Like It is, there's a way that like he just became a symbol for something that he wasn't that talented at. So, but Elvis also was phenomenally talented.


Elvis was a wonderful singer and, and a good artist. You know what I mean? He just wasn't who we thought he was. You know what I mean? That, so I, so I don't wanna call him racist, but I would, I I would say he's part of an industry. Well, who Did we think he was? Him Who? The king got rock and roll. He was stealing shit from blacks that couldn't get on the mainstream stage. Yeah. Like he could get on the mainstream stage. It didn't necessarily mean that I'm not fucking with the black people. Don't get it just mean. But look, they would take literally like joke, perform a record like in the twenties. So thirties joker perform a record. They could take the whole fucking record and make the Beach Boys or somebody else. That's what they would do. Go resing the song. And so, because Joe wouldn't get mass, what is it, distribution, Mass, anything back then. Back Then Mass, anything.


You couldn't do a show. You might have only heard Joe locally and then now you hear the same exact song that Joe might've wrote and sung nationwide on some other fucking, no, I do Want to, I wanted to be careful with the term steal because I do know for some of those songs, the original black artist is still credited as a songwriter, still receiving, publishing, whether or not they got fucked in publishing is a whole different thing. We're talking about systematic shit as opposed to like, led Zeppelin, for example, who were straight up taking blues records. Right. And not crediting anybody. There's, there's a little bit of a difference because I, from what I heard and understood back then, rich, you wouldn't even Know Richard accused Elvis is stealing some shit. Swag Nigga. Yeah. He, he more was saying Elvis ain't shit Swag. Yeah. Yeah. Like, yo, you was coming to the club seeing how we, seeing how we was singing.


You took that shit and you took it to mainstream America Made made billion also. And, and, and I and me. I See that blueprint very much prevalent today. For sure. For sure. For sure. So Elvis is my earliest knowledge Of that happening. For sure. That for sure. So, but there was a guy that was moving like him, I don't know who came from Jackie Wilson. Right? Jackie Wilson. Jackie Wilson. Richard, Richard, Ma Checker, and all I heard Talented, I heard when Jackie Wilson got sick, because remember he was in a coma for a bunch of years. Elvis helped him out. So like, Thanks. Yeah. Do you have El Elvis tattooed on you? No. No. But You do have white people tattooed on you. I Do. Who? Three.


Raise your shirt. He's got like a Mount Rushmore on his chest. I didn't know this, but this is fascinating. Who? No, it was, it was. Okay. Hold on. Frank Sinatra. Are they really white people or this is like a white People? Paul Newman. Hold. You said, are They really white people? White Thinking. I found out James Stewart was racist. I got James Stewart, I got Carrie Grant. It's movies. Fuck with me today. I swear to God. Show him. Sorry. No, I'm not showing him. I didn. See, I don Got a tattoo On truck. James, Carrie Grant, you said It is from, It is, It is from the movies and a affair to remember. And what's the other movie? We, it's a wonderful life. Calan. It's a wonderful life. Yeah. It's just scenes that meant something to me, that other Fucker. Okay. And, and movement right Along. That's all Out there.


I'm covered though. I'm covered. Do do y'all want I'm talking about Marvin Gaye. I was About to say while we're on the topic, I was trying to make a segue earlier. I was, Hey, that was disgusting. You motherfucker. I'm about to put Marvin Gaye on my body. Nigga, watch yourself. Well, you the first man whistling. Yo, you be gay Whistling. How's that gay whistling? It's gay whistling. Man. Nobody putting no Marvin Gaye for any. Stop the whole point of the Bible because who fuck You up? Wait, so you offended by at the thought of having Marvin Gaye on you, but not by I'm not offended. Rod Stewart or whoever the fuck is on Rob Stewart. I'm offended. Motherfucker. Man. You Should her up that Jimmy Stewart with I am. I'm Marvin Gaye. No, I am. I'm Terrance Stewart. Terrance Howard said, nigga Put Tupac on your chest. Nigga.


Terrance Howard says he did not accept a role to play Marvin Gaye because of rumors that Marvin Gaye might have been gay. Terrance Howard is quickly becoming one of my favorite people to speak on podcast. Whether he's telling the truth or lying, I don't really care at this point. It's just entertaining. Listen to He say shit. Yeah, he gonna give you one every everywhere. But I could definitely see Marvin. I think Quincy Jones even mentioned this in the, in the he did he, in the Interview he said he was fucking somebody. Yeah, I I know a man who was in a relationship with Marvin Gaye. Oh, wait, so we, we uncovering some shit. Yeah, I know man. Who was in a relationship with Marvin. Really? Yeah. I, I don I don a Relationship. Or was he just like the Side piece blown out? If we beep it, I'll tell you who it was.


Oh shit. I definitely bleep that. Cover your mouth. Yeah. Cover your mouth. Cover your Mouth. No, 'cause they read this. I had a funny joke. Okay. Yeah. His, his, he was fucking, his s get the, okay. You don't have to keep going. All right. Okay. Yeah. All right. Yeah. That's relationship, not just, yeah. Well, I, I have, alright. Hi Terrance Howard's quotes here. It was during an appearance on Bill Maher. He a club random. And he revealed that he once turned down playing Smokey Robinson in a biopic because he was already working with Lee Daniels on potential Marvin Gaye project. However, things took a turn after Quincy Jones allegedly confirmed to Howard that Marvin Gaye was gay. I could not, Howard said explaining why he ultimately felt like he could, he wouldn't be able to play Marvin Gaye.


They would've wanted me to do that and I wouldn't have been able to do that. No. 'cause I can't fake it. And so he said, I can't play that character 100%. I can't surrender myself to a place that I don't understand. Yeah, that's funny. 'cause for half of hustle and flow, I thought he was gay. Really? Really? And hustle and flow. Hustle And flow. What made you think that? I think it was gay hustle and flow. Joe. Really Gestures. I think a lot of that shit from Pimp land can be interpreted. Just The mannerisms of a lot of pimps are, see what you saying Are feminine. Got A lot of feminine mannerisms and a lot of pimp shit. Yeah. I'm not dear saying that about Terrance Howard, by the way. I'm not playing with him like that.


Please don't. Got it. But anyway, yeah, this, that was intriguing. And I believe Quincy Jones, I believe certain black people when they talk, I believe him. Quincy Jones and Little Richard. They're on the list for me. Yeah, Sure. I mean, Marvin Gays wasn't gay. I mean, his, his, he was, it was complicated. And I find it fascinating. Oh, it was like that tank thing. It's Marvin bi. Oh, Marvin. It's like when Tank said you could suck a dick and not be gay and shout out the tank on Broadway. Still worst. Still Still wants us to go. Please Leave the gaze alone. Yo, I'm lost the family. You know, they don't play. Yo, I'm lost my nigga. Oh, the gay family obviously leave the gaze alone. Threw me off. I was like, so backing up Marvin Gaye. Whoa. Backing or not Backing up, not back it up.


Yeah. Black children surrounded by children. Where's the gorilla? Marvin Gaye obviously dated women. He dated Anna Gordy. Jan. He dated Barry Gordy's. I mean we, we know the whole story about, about Marvin Gaye and his dating life. Right. A lot, a lot of it. But there are a lot of people in Hollywood who said that Marvin also had dalliances with men. And what's ironic to me is his dad was a crossdresser. And part of why Marvin Gaye, his father, Marvin Gaye Sr. Just GAY no e at the end was a crossdresser. If you ever watch a clip of Marvin Gay's dad, I mean he's, to me he's the most obviously gay person in history, in human history. But he and Marvin had a tug of war over that. So Marvin's whole life was about sexuality and demon Or terms that I wouldn't use exactly.


I, because he disrespected his mother. His father was disrespecting the mom story. That's, that's what led him being shot story. Yeah. That's, that's let him to being shot show. Yeah. But they had a long battle over his dad being closeted was part of it. They had a battle over him. Marvin being leaving the gospel rec world and not just going to the, the RB world where he was, or the soul world. He was at Harvey the moon glows. And he was doing like doop stuff too, when he became like a heartthrob. I'm saying his dad thought that shit was, was not, was too worldly. Even though his dad clearly was gay and would wear women's clothes, he'd put on his mom's clothes. I Didn hold you. I'm real glad that I missed the seventies. Oh yeah. Like sometimes I, sometimes I get regretful like, damn man, my parents couldn't fuck earlier. I might had a blast in the seventies, but on the flip side of that, I'm really glad I missed the seventies.


Some of that shit that was going on back then. Like all of this Marvin Gaye shit that he talking about. Fucking Bobby Womack doing all that shit and then having a song talking about I wish he wouldn't trust me so much. That's kind of crazy Fucking homeboy with the grits nigga. I shouldn't, I shouldnt be, I shouldn't be, I'm not gonna be alive in no decade where a nigga gonna take a hot pot of grits and throw it in my face. That's not gonna happen to me. Yo Dog. That's gonna be the end of the house's experience. You, you think that's not happening today? All of the shit that was going on in the seventies is happening today. He's not all the way around. I think it's a lot more creative in the seventies. I don't know. I think it's a lot creative in the, I think it's more creative on camera now.


Yeah. Niggas ain't even meeting and we got resources. Niggas bitch can't make risk today. Wake up. What's that? Grit you up at? Make some grits. What's a grit anyway? Yeah, but that murder gay biopic is gonna be fire. It's, I Mean they keep trying. My Thing with Terence Howard is were they gonna expose in the movie that he was gay? Absolutely. Lee Daniels was at the helm of that ship. Hell fucking Yeah. It was gonna be a fully flushed out story. Complete with I hope so. Probably some salacious. Gotcha. You know, gay sex. Understand here's the Thing. Thousand percent. How do people, how Studio 50? How do, how do we would've been in right there? There was no, We would've Been in that piece.


You know how, you know how these days we had social media, we had phones right Back in the days. How did they know? Were they flaunting it in front of each other? No, I think that's what I'm saying. Like how did, would Quincy know that Rats and snitches nigga to say kids be be in? So they were flaunting it in Parties. Oh you mean flaunting? Okay. I'm about flaunting it. But you probably seen them necking over in the corner somewhere. See that type of shit? Plus there's drugs and Alcohol and shit. Shit. Studio 54. I watched Studio 54. I watched that already. Hey, y I'm going downstairs with Grace Jones. Y'all be back. What you if Grace Jones tell me to go downstairs at the party, I'm going, I'm going. Hell might are you fucking crazy. I I respect him. Oh, what's up? And I'm not going back. I'm trying to keep us down here too.


Nah, Moores upstairs. In, in, in that interview. Bill Morris said something to Terence Howard do. He said he wasn't gay. He just, you, you know, some guys just get so much pussy you'd just be like, fuck it. Whatever. I'm gonna fucking it a guy's asshole. I didn. I wanna know that. What did y'all Make of that comment? I wanna know that number, number. I've heard a lot of people lot of say that though. A lot of people say that I let me, they have so much, they fucked so much women that What's the number at 99? I'm done. Lemme What? 99? A hole is just a hole. No, please. No, it ain't, I'm just reiterating what You were saying. Don't say the old school lines. I said At 999 If a thousand person is gonna make you do some bullshit, I'm stopping right here. Stop with your old school lines.


Okay. Crazy. I'm good. But we support people living however they want. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. You wanna do is your, your business. Make it clear. The crazy thing about Marvin to me was him dating a teenager. Not him. Not him. And like, I mean, in whooping Tammy Terrell's ass, like to me, those are the things that we should be outraged by. To me, if I'm, if I'm Marvin Gaye, I mean if I'm Terrence Howard, I'd be more I'd would I I wish he were more outraged by those parts or disturbed by those elements of his Character. Not artistically. Because artistically he's saying like, yo, I wasn't gonna be able to get into and embrace the gay scenes. A dude they would've had me play. But he artistically, dude, no, I get it. He Can, but he can been embrace being a woman beater. He has no problems with that. That's, I feel like that's might might be what you're saying.


Yeah. He Said dating a teenager And dating a teenager. Yeah, Because he got, he's gotta get romantic with with with that, with that teenager. If We're, if we're going according to the story, A relative of his wife. Yeah. I mean like this is the artistic, you gotta get a lot of funky places. You know what I'm saying? Saying if you Have like a moral, if, if it's like morally abhorrent to you to play a gay man, but you don't have a problem being a portraying a wifebeater. Like And luckily for us, it's my favorite time of the show. You guys killed that. You guys killed it. You want me to read this one today? This is an ad right here. We gonna knock this out. Right? Jump Right back before. All right.


Hey stay. Stay right there. Don't that all right. Prize Fix is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash money. That's right. With millions of members. Prize Fix is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really simple and easy to play. All you have to do is pick at least two players, look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with Prize pick And we are going with Mike Conley for more than six points. Luca for less than nine rebounds. Okay. Van Lea for more than 13 points and sing Gun for more than 20 points Is you really like the Rockets? Huh? I didn't have too much. No. I like the players. Yeah It is about the players. I don't care about, I don't care about what the team do. I don't give a fuck. I don't care who do what. Gon get 20. Yeah they shutting Jalen Green as they are down. Yeah I had him for less yesterday. I'm shocked if I'm in the playoffs as a young player, I'm not fucking my girl while the series is gone at all. You gotta be on boxing rules. You gotta be on some boxing shit. Yeah, you gotta be on some boxing shit. I ain't doing it. I gotta be ready for war. Yo. I'm shocked at how they locked him down bro. He out there getting, he's a baby. It's his first rodeo. Lights is bright learning experience. It is. Take it on team. A thousand percent come back tougher next year. Thousand percent. They damn sure don't have no floor spacing. They won't play Reed Shepherd. They like one of the only dudes who could shoot on that team. You need floor spacing in the NBA today current NBA but ghosting more than 20 points. Listen, don't forget to download the app right this second and use promo code JBB and you will get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. One more game for the people in the back. Download the app today and use promo code JBP and get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


Indeed. Y'all wanna talk about the draft a little bit. I know we did last pod, but now he's actually drafted Shado Sanders fifth round. Yeah, that's crazy. So I need y'all opinion on it 'cause I'm again, I'm not a football person. But when we were here last, oh shit, wait, Before we do this off the Marvin Gaye conversation you were having, do you listen to Marvin Gaye still? Do I listen to Marvin Gaye? Yeah. Yeah I do. I do. Okay. Back to Shado. Yeah. And the reason, just to answer for the implicit critique there is some of It is about the era, you know, and some of It is about like how, what is the limit? Like for me, like sex abuse is the limit for me. That's just my line. It is an arbitrary line.


Somebody says domestic is abuse is theirs. I'm cool with that. Don't listen to James Brown who also beat up Tammy Terrell. Don't listen to Miles Davis who beat up Cecily type. I mean we could do that down the road. Why Don't you stop telling people all if people, This is all these women's biographies. I'm not, I wouldn't name God dammit, but like I'm, I'm good with that. I just have my arbitrary line. Mine's not right. It's just my arbitrary line. You okay? Nothing wrong with that. Yeah, it ain't cutting off that sexual head. You try to find an educated way to say it, nigga, we playing our want you boy We got the flats. Wake up, wake up, wake up. Wake up. They ain't taking that Marvin outta there. But anyway, alright. Shado drafted fifth round. You were Saying? I was saying that when we were here last time, he, he hadn't been drafted in the first round and I asked you all, was it football, was it personal, was it race?


You know, 'cause I don't, again, I don't know his talent, right, because I don't watch football. The the next day, second round, third round, fourth round, it started looking really funky. But then I read some reports and I'd heard some things from people on the ground who were reporters and they were saying he had terrible interview. He was acting like he didn't, he was acting like he didn't want to. He was gonna dictate the process. And then other people just said he just didn't have the talent to justify all the headache. And so I started to say shit, I don't know what again, I don't know what's right now. I heard people like, but Mon Jones who I respect his opinion on this say, you know, why, maybe we should question why he was projected to go so high in the first place.


Maybe he was never a first round pick in the first place in real life to the people who were actually doing the drafting. So like with all that information, do y'all feel different about saying that this wasn't about football? Well my original stance was all things are true. Right? Yeah. That was my original stance as Of mine and I stand by it, the pit round was egregious to me. But yeah, I still don't See that pit round. I think his family plays a part. I think him being a distraction plays a part. I think him blowing off the entire draft process plays a part He didn't do no pro day. He didn't do the other thing over here. Everybody else did. I do believe he was arrogant. I do believe there were bad interviews. I don't believe that that quarterback that the Browns took in the fourth round with pick 99 is better than them.


No he's not. I don't Believe that. There were a few quarterbacks, there were a few quarterbacks taken that just highlights some other things. So I'm not saying that Roger Goodell sent out an email like that rumor that's going around now saying that he told teams to take him off of, off of the draft board. Oh wow. I think that the Cleveland Browns, when they look back at their faces, when they drafted chador and how stoic they looked and just plain in the face. I think that may come back to haunt them at some point. It just looks like from the optics of it, it looked like there were things that had nothing to do with football that played a part. I think everything that everybody had to say on the topic is true. And it's true that he may not have been a first round pick originally. It's true that we might have bit the marketing bug.


Right. It is true that listen, Dionne had Gillian, everybody else come down to Colorado every week. It looked like a movie. They went from one win to nine wins. Like you see how it could get, you see how it could get, Most of the people that I'd watched that are like real, real like draft draft people. Like that's what they do for a fucking living. Said that talent wise, who's probably like a second round pick. Although most people probably still had him in the first round 'cause of the value of a quarterback position. Yeah. Fifth round was absolutely crazy to me. I thought for sure he was gonna go in the second round. What I don't get is, like you said, talent wise, second round pick football is still business. Yeah. So there's some teams that he'll get people in the seats just because he's here.


Yeah. We ain't necessarily going to win. So I, I don't understand it going all the way to football, but needs To be your starter. Right. You don't wanna lose the first round pick for back. I don don't See That. Put him in position to compete at least fifth Round. The problem I And it's teams that don't have, I'm a Steelers fan. We don't have a quarterback. You right Now. Yeah. Yeah. And y'all also, I don't get it. Y'all also are playing the Aaron Rogers sweepstakes and y'all don't wanna piss off Aaron Rogers by drafting a young quarterback that's gonna get all the attention. True. I think that some of it, one, one analogy that it reminded me of a little bit in terms Of, and y'all drafted Will Howard, I'm sorry, Parks. It's all right. And y'all did draft a quarterback, so y'all are in the, amongst the teams that drafted a quarterback that wasn't shado. Y'all, y'all will y'all better than Shado? No, no, no.


Okay. It kinda reminds me a little bit of the Tim Tebow situation, But that Goes In the opposite Direction. I know, but listen, he, he's a, a good player deserves to be on a team. But I think that a lot of teams probably look at like, hey man, if he's the backup quarterback and he's gonna bring all the ES ESPN spent three straight days talking about nothing but Shado Sanders. I See That shit totally shitted on Cam Ward. That That's, this is gonna be my next point is that Cam Ward should be getting a lot more attention and praise. 'cause he's a really good fucking quarterback and deservedly went number one anyway, it reminded me of Tim Tebow and a lot of teams probably don't want the distraction.


Distraction. It reminded me of what's homeboy the black dude that I've sold a doc on. Michael what? The gay dude or Oh yeah. Michael. Sam. Sam. Oh, Sam, excuse Michael or Yeah, Sam who, who was a much better player than where he was drafted and team they were waiting to kind of see the NFL's position on, all right, what y'all going to do with homeboy that won all these awards. That's clearly good. But Mike come I, I think I ain't hear what y'all said on Friday. That's not fear. No, no. To be clear, you're not saying, you're not saying heat was going okay. I don got clean up for You. Right. Not at all buddy. Yo, my posts, my posts here, I don't play. I I don I don't play cleaning up. We had your back but I, that won't even be there.


Like magic didn't happen anyway. I, I think, I think similarly to the briny conversation, I think you ought have a sports conversation and then you gotta have a societal conversation. I think from a sports standpoint, I think he's tough bro. He's good. I think the shit that I, I don't like that the media is trying to downplay his talent For sure. I think that's a justification on him not being drafted over some societal shit. Yeah. That boy threw for over 4,000 yards. Yeah. They went from a team that had one win to four to nine with a shitty O line. Like what he accomplished in Colorado is outstanding.


And I hate the fact that they try to downplay that a little bit and make him seem talentless or lack like he's lacking in talent. I think that's whack. Why Do they keep highlighting his Arrogant? What Is saying that his arm, his his his his slow release things that you can't necessarily work on that won't get better. What do you say to that? I think that if you put people in the right situations, it's always knocks on talent, right? I think it's always, oh he too short. Oh this guy's this, oh this guy's that, like they used to criticize black quarterbacks period saying that we couldn't read defenses fast enough or we didn't have the mental fortitude and aptitude to play the quarterback position. They would make great quarterbacks cornerbacks and safeties. That was tough. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. So I think the Knox, We don't have to do, they drafted four Colorado receivers.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. One of his Receivers, they drafted all won the Heman. All of the Colorado Won the Heisman fucking trophy. My nigga. Somebody was throwing them the ball For sure, but sometimes His tape is his tape. Sometimes That can work against the, but he's not receiver That your receivers are that good. It is a Possibility and there was a lot of yak going on there but Played behind arguably the worst offensive line in existing college football did When he wasn't hurried or under pressure And they turned that his Completion percentage was almost 80%. Yeah they turned that in. He has a lot of tackles for loss. But dog your line, look what's happening out here. Yeah man, we talking about that to the side. I don't think It is tough to recognize when someone has a focus issue. I don't think it's that tough.


If I'm interviewing you for a gig and I know what this gig is gonna call for in the next two years, like that clip between Cam Ward and Shado where Cam is like, yo, I just want to be a football player dog. All I extra shit, I don't care about it when you Google me, I wanted to say American football player, not rapper. He was like, yeah, you got everything handed to you. You did this, you did it this way, don't worry, I'm trying to do it this way. It just highlighted the difference in attitude for what the next step is gonna call for. They said he had a horrible Giants interview. Who? Sha. So they said that interview was atrocious. Yeah. And I'm a Giants fan so I've seen Dbol have those quarterback meetings and he ain't playing in there.


Yo, draw it up this game. Draw up that scheme. Alright, show me when X is W Alright turn y to he ain't playing. So if you unprepared in that and you and oh and the report is that not only was he unprepared but he had an attitude when he got, when he got called for, When he got called out On it dog. I'm not if that's true 'cause I'm not just putting that on a black man without knowing, but if that's true, yeah. It ain't hard to see why people would be like, you know what, nah. And and with the coaching carousel that's going on now I gotta draft you and have your dad waiting in the tuck that to where every time I lose a game my head coach is under fire because Dionne Sanders is is waiting.


I could see why teams did that is what I saying. Don't you think that was and I still think race is involved. Yeah, It is. I was gonna say don't you think that that actually could, could've preceded him walking in any door? Yes. All of what you just said. Yeah. Didn't he didn't make it, he didn't make it any better for himself though. That's what we saying. I I think all of that could have preceded himself but then you walk in there and be be like, it's what I was told I know was that he pulled a Dion in in one of them interviews. I get it. Where it's like, yo, I'm not even gonna be Available. I'm just talking con I'm just talking about confirmation bias. If you already have an impression based on the marketing campaign that's been done around this kid and you think that he, he thinks his shit doesn't sink and his father's a fucking pain in the ass and you really actually don't wanna do this interview and he says anything that's gonna be that even No words and actions gotta line up.


They don't have to but I think that well when they don't, It is gonna be recognized. The Giants, the last thing the Giants wanted was for Shado to have a fucked up interview with day Will the Giants spent the last 17 months looking at this kid. Yeah. Team's got they best people spending money invested on finding out everything there is to know about your life. So hearing something is one thing you coming in the door smelling like last night, your eyes looking like you didn't get on sleep. I'm not talking about your door now. I'm just saying things that people are looking for that are demanding things outta you for the next, the next level. Yeah. Nah, this is deeper than just rumors. I think. I think, I think we are the race thing Dog. He had part, I'm sorry Ish.


He had party set. And I'm not saying something is wrong with this, but there are people that think something is wrong with this. He had parties set up for the whole weekend of the draft. That's cool. This being black is not a monolith. So if you wanna celebrate that way, cool. But when Cam ward is is get drafted and go tuck in focus, looking at video, getting with receipt to work it looks different is all I'm saying. And he didn't show up and do a small, it wasn't like he showed up and just had a rude interaction. He didn't know the play. He he got it. He had to come in. It would be like if you came in to read a script and you, you hadn't read it and you just said, I'm just going to I'm wing out wing it. Yeah. Yeah. Like that's what he did. And then he got an attitude where he's like, why you read the script?


You know what I mean? It is, It is that level of unpreparedness that's a lot. But do I think that he's gonna eventually start in Cleveland this season? Yes. Do I think that, do I think that trust God at all times? Do I think that he sounds a lot more Humble Since so the the yes. I believe the NFL tried to humble him. Yeah. Yes. I also believe it worked a little bit. Did it work? And he now sounds a little more humble. He does I think. I think when you have, it's a few things. I believe that, I'm sorry. I believe he fell into probably one of the better spots that it was to fall in Cleveland who ended up trading back. Do You think still ends up with him? Do you think that His father cosigns this arrogance?


I think that his father is the best person in the world to prepare him for what is going on right now. The same way I feel about LeBron and bro, I think that, I think that to your question. I I think that because don't you think his father would've told him, yo nigga get your shit together. We not doing that. You represent your family. To answer your question he did. Yes. I crazy. I think it's nuance bro. No, 'cause his father was part of the promise. His father was on interviews saying, I'm gonna make sure that my son does not go to certain teams. He did that in more than one Interview. He did that for two years straight. He's also said, yo, be clear we don't need the NFL we rich already. When you start saying shit like that publicly, then you gotta take what comes with that. You can't now tuck your tail and say yo, they they treating us wrong even though they are treating them wrong.


But a lot of times, alright you don't need us but The Wrongest I warranted cool The Wrongest I if you don't need us, cool. If if it's true what you said then the wrong would be warranted. No. 'cause I still think it's based on If you saying that we don't need the N what do you mean? No, if you say still it's based on the talent in the NFL and I think this kid that's say that a piece. So I think that's just a piece. Yeah, But why say talent we don't need the NF nfl. We rich Already. I'm I'm agree. Yeah, you gotta stay with, but I think that if you drafting a football player that you think can help your organization win, I think then those things should proceed. Some of that stuff I got. Okay, I saw Johnny Manzel dog, I saw what's the other white kid? Baker? Baker Mayfield. Yeah. Nobody questioned their arrogance. Nobody questioned that. These boys were niggas that was unconventional that was flying off the handle that was acting like rock stars.


They senior years in college. Really? I hate we do this, but if they did that, I have to respond to that. If they did that Joe, then He, he has a pull. No I'm One I'm not gonna do that because I hate that we do that and we do that a lot. So I'm not comparing this black band to none of these white people. No, I don't care about them Two in the event that I did that Shado Sanders was not Baker Mayfield or Johnny Manzel in college. He wasn't But not he not, no. He couldn't tie Johnny Manzel shoes in college. Oh, so they were fired like That. That's the argument. Say that. No, Both of 'em was good. I'm I'm Bro. No Johnny Manzel. Y'all better go watch his Your Manzel And he was doing that on crack. Nigga whatever he your man to your Manzel point.


You can't say that. No, he did. He right. He was a, he rode outta bed on every drug from fucking Friday night. What? No sleep. Benadryl not playing with Johnny Manzel for Ish. Wow. To your hung over Look to your Menzel point. Look how it played. Look how it worked out. The F nfl he flamed out who played two years. So now them teams could look at it like all we saw this before, we not, we not risking this again. Shado said and I Love it. Baker bounce back. I wanna say that Jet on drugs bro. I'm not saying on drugs. I'm just saying when you start talking about things in their totality, talk about 'em in totality. Okay, my nigga niggas are drug addict. Fame is a drug. I'm not disagreeing If I'm a organization, if I'm a organization only, that's what I back to focus only.


That's what I'm saying. If I'm a organization and you come in with the big fucking chain, listen bond number nine and Shea is next to you. That's all my hood wanted to know. Yo dog, my hood didn't care about none of this. My hood wanted to know is he fucking shea hin? We knew the answer any, any any high level wasn college and showed them day two. She wasn't there any high level college athlete is arrogant. We figure any high school, high level nigga is arrogant. But that's the point. Go to these a a u tournaments with these high school kids today. These niggas is rock stars. Yeah. But if only if, if it only comes through with him, that might mean his arrogance is so much that even among arrogant people, he's top.


Oh no, he may be my father's Dion. Primetime Neon. Dion Sanders. Dude I was making $7 million something. I was making $5 million in college. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm not disagreeing. I'm saying you gotta take all of the things. I think that what they did you land where you land based on what you did. I'm not defending it. I'm just showing it from two separate perspectives. Would you say that some athletes', parents could be a detriment to your career? Yeah, I know that firsthand. Yeah. I'm not disagreeing with you. What I'm saying is this, football wise, he deserve to be higher than a fifth rankers. Yes. Now, so societal, this shit that y'all been doing could have played a part in that. I think that the powers that be don't wanna see this braggadocious black kid that don't need our money. When you don't need our money, quote unquote it, it's a liability to them.


You can't be controlled as much. You, You, you know when I saw that the arrogance play out, not to change the topic, but the prank. Oh that was Disgusting. Oh did you hum? That's Why I saw the humility. Yeah. A The arrogance came out too 'cause he was like, yo, by time. Well so a couple things happened with it I think. I think all that is true. Right on. So for those that don't know, this white 21-year-old college kid decided to play a prank on Shado before he was drafted by calling and pretending that he was from the New Orleans Saints and saying that he was drafting him. And then he said kinda like, haha, you gonna have to keep waiting. Right. But but he kind of did say like, It is, It is about time. Let's make it, I don't know what people say on a draft call. So I don't wanna compare him to anybody else. 'cause I don't know. I've never heard a draft call before.


But for me I felt like that when I say the arrogance, I meant the world reading. Like he needed to be humbled like, like the people. I feel like that played into the joke too. Like this guy needs to be humble. And again, a lot of people have been been pranked for white guys, black guys. I'm not saying he's the first person, it's not just a race thing, but watching him, watching that go down, I first I thought it was disgusting was I thought was shameful. It was me. Cruel was a better word. Shit was cruel. It was cruel. And I'm like, I feel like people thought that it was going go different because everybody thought that he was the one to do it too. 'cause he needed to be humble and I didn't like that. I actually thought he handled it. Responsibility. Who the fuck's job is that to say we need to humble you. And that's what, that's often what society does to black people and black. Like who the fuck makes you the the humbling authority.


Get the fuck outta my face. Right. I thought more, more should have been done once they found out who the kid Was. Yeah. Agreed. A thousand percent for Those. Don't, and I'm glad because they tried to trace it back to the giants. Fuck outta here. Right. He's the son of the defensive coordinator of the Fal Falcon Fcon of, of the Atlanta Falcons just, And that should and yo they had enough balls to tape it. Yeah. That's This whole and put it out dude. You know That's his whole generation don't count on the internet And the dad. And according to dad, dad had nothing to do with that. Now they said they found his Number, number, number and the laptop that was left open and moved on his own accord. But yeah. What do you Do? What do you do to that kid? I mean, what's, what's the right response is 21 You can't, it's not illegal to do it. Like what do you do to, well, Before I get to what I do to the kid, I gotta see what the organization is doing to me.


'cause that's gonna determine what I do to this kid. Mm. Like if I lose my job behind this true boy when I'm gonna be the defensive coordinator, all right, I'm gonna be on the offense. Right. I'm running some routes, I'm gonna be on the offense. Yeah. But ultimately, I mean some of that onus is on me. I can't get too mad. I left my laptop with confidential shit opening my house now I'm still gonna beat his ass. And hopefully you thought that you ra raised your child better than that to have better moral. He's not 12, he's fucking 21 bro. That's some cruel hearted shit. He had Ole Miss. My dad is with the Falcons. I'm running around like I'm that nigga and I could do what I want. College frat boy maybe drunk white boy.


Shit. Shit ain't funny. But at all that you honor to be bumping in college, shit, go ahead. As opposed to college. In college there's another route to jail for some people. Oh my God. Or Yo, since we talking football, did you see my guy Jalen Hurts? I did From the Philadelphia football Eagles World Champions. I don dunno if y'all know that. Yeah, but just Se we talking about Koon, It, It is a nice comparison. Right. Jaylen hurt the Eagles went to the White House. No big Up Sequan nigga from the Philadelphia champion. What'd you say? The guy we got from the New York Giant I don know is he was a giant. That's all I know. He Y'all so happy y'all got him. So Saquon went to the White House. I'm assuming Sequan went to the White House. Hearst did not.


He said he had a scheduling issue was Getting to the White House. Right. So the Eagles went to the White House. He didn't go. Several Eagle Eagles players didn't go shout out to them for being decent human beings. And I don't give a fuck. Is is Saquon isn't isn't that tradition though to go to the White House? Yes. No, It's tradition. But they Not as of late lot of, not as of Late. A lot of teams have said that they wouldn't go. Some Whole team. We Whole team declined going teams have declined, says Trump. And you know, I'm not going and say Quan explained his reason for going scheduling issues. No, no. Jalen said Didn didn't go for scheduling issues. That's him being polite. Yeah. That's and Respects. Juan said he respects the office. Right. He said I respect the office and Why y making, he golfed with Obama and he golfed like I respect the office so I can golf with anybody who was president.


So he golf tore his ass up. Who as they should have who Tore his ass up? Why everybody Man, Fuck. That's terrible. It is ridiculous man. Some people respect the office, mark, why should I respect the office? So I don't know. Some you shouldn't, but some people respect the office. Some people respect what going to the White House means. That's the same thing Nelly had to say. Nelly said the same thing about the matter. Yeah. I disagree with both of them. I think they're both wrong. I think it's, I understand. Yeah. I think it's wrong. I I don't, I don't think we have to respect the office first of all. I think that's something people say. Right. It sounds good. It's a good PR move. So you, it allows you to justify doing fucked up things and just saying, well I don't respect him, I just respect the office. That's Dismissive. It Is. I maybe that's dismissive, but I don't think so. I, I think with Sequan, I think he wants to be around powerful people.


I think he likes golfing with Trump. I think a whole lot of people like being in those circles and they're justifying it by saying, I respect the office. I don't think it's about the office. I think it's about the power. There's lots of offices they don't go to that they can. So then what if, what if he goes in the, in that situation around Trump and able to probably get in his head and influence or make change chasing foreign policy. I mean change foreign Policy. I think whether we agree with him or disagree with him, that's his right. Yeah, for sure. We think it's goofy shit. But yeah. Everybody didn't grow up like us. You know what I'm saying? So I don't necessarily know. I wouldn't have did it. But I ain't gonna knock him for doing it. I can't say he's wrong for something. And he, I know for a fact he's an avid golfer.


He's really like, he really plays, plays a lot of 'em. Football niggas, they Love it. No, he plays, plays like, but Look, I think, I just think A lot of black men voted for this nigga, man. Yeah. And it's the same logic. That's my issue. I think we can't keep normalizing Trump. And I think going to the White House makes it seem like he's any other president. It's just like when the correspondence go, I say we shouldn't be going to the correspondence dinner. We shouldn be going to the White House. I I'm saying I'm having that critique of everybody that normalizes Trump. That's all I'm saying. It's not about him in particular. So Jalen hurt the quarterback if Hertz can not go there. That's that's a great example. I appreciate it. And I I respect and appreciate him and I, I actually wanna focus more on celebrating him. That's our side of that aisle. You get what I'm saying? Like everybody has their own independent opinions.


Whether it's about Jalen Hurts is surrounded by black people. Yep. Yeah. Probably. And He loves black people From agent on down. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, I, again, I wouldn't have went, came a little different. I wouldn't have went Would you go ice? No. If, if, if Trump invited us Joe, would you go, go where? White House. If Trump invites us to the White House to honor us, I Wouldn't go if the at him but on there invited you Wouldn't went if Obama invited you. Nah. Melon flip. Would y'all go if Obama was there? Yes. Trump? No. Absolutely. How about you? I think I had a little sneaky invite to that big party Obama threw with all the black people. You ain't go I don't think I No sir. I would've went.


But not because I No, nah. 'cause my mom, no, she lose her mind. You care what she Lose her mind. What? That's a good Answer. That's a good reason. No, his mom's, the way you said, how You said she don't play with that. She don't play. I I wouldn't want her like that makes, I did that enough. I don as I got older, I tried to minimize, minimize how I come off and how does she and how she feel about it. I I that start, I, that started to happen when I came up here. How I see how everybody was moving back at one point, I didn't care like man, I I'm, I I am who I am. I do what I want. But then when I see it bother You, you was a little nigga back Then till you out to the JVP you up. Watch your fucking mouth. Flip that nigga. You was a little flippy. You was flippy. Yo I'm just saying. Nah, I wasn't, I meant to tell you though. You, you, you didn't think about changing your name across your social handles to JBP Flip.


Nah, hell shit. Hey yo, you've made that joke. Yeah. Nah nigga Jersey Flip Real like ASAP Fur ASAP Rocky. Seriously? Are you crazy Now he just, nigga I was always because Queen Flip is like whatever you was doing, but, but you even live in Queens anymore because It is like Yeah It is a Whole different, you got them niggas in this. Lets flip, flip my you got, you got them niggas in there saying that they never heard of Flip before this and before that 'cause of what we did on the last part. No nigga, I'm Queen Flip nigga, I'm gonna keep my name. IJBP flip. I wanna get far away from that name. JBP Flip. Damn you just, damn No Jbp five. No, no, no. I'm talking about the JBP flip, not the brand. Now the brand, I'm, I'm, I'm embedded in your Business model says you want to be introduced to as many people as you could possibly be introduced to.


So all of this queen's jargon bullshit you've Given me. No See that that's down. That's downplaying You stuff. That shit in a soft or some If you saying that 'cause it's you nigga, when you went to somebody else, you went as Joe button nigga. When you went to any, any entity, you went as yourself as you supposed to. Same thing with me. I was somebody I have, I have proof to. I can show, I have documentation that can show who I was and when my nothing that billion streams period. If I didn't have that, it's different. Not saying that this haven't leveled me up. It has, it has. I was able to reinvent myself up here and I'm appreciative of it and be taken more serious. And What you're saying is not true about me. Just to correct the record. What do you mean you didn't go to any place? That's Joe button. I Brought me with me everywhere that I went. But that's what you said. I just Said that.


Nah, but there was plenty of phases where I was Joe Button from somewhere else. Mm. There's plenty of phases throughout my career where I was. Well shit, the first phase was, we don't even know that's Joe Bud. We know Pump it up. Got it. Okay. And Then you become Joe Button jam recording artist. Yeah. And then you and then you love Hip Joe button from Loving hip hop and Joe Button from Slaughterhouse. And you, I don't want to downplay. Listen, Listen Ntroduce yourself to enough people to be able to say, Hey I'm Joe Button. And then they know where they know you from so you Yeah. But I want to correct it. 'cause you do that on some ego and pride shit. But we shouldn't sleep on 5 million people listening to you and being new to you and introduced to you. Like that ain't something I have an attitude about. That's something to be grateful. That's goods, that's something to be appreciative of and say Hi yo, this is all the stuff I had going on before this.


You may know me from here, but this is what's cracked with me. Do I come up, do I show up and and come to work? Do I just answer the question? Yes or no? Do I show up and come to work? Yeah. That's all that matters. What I say here, how I believe in myself and how I wanna present myself. It's not insulting to the brand or what's going on. As long as I show up, I work and I and I and I get it done. That's what should matter to you. Says you fuck all that internet shit. That internet shit is is for just playing into something with people. I can say that I have a right to say that and have a right to feel how I feel as long as I'm not disrespecting the brand. Disrespecting you publicly or disrespecting the organization. I agree with that. That's it. Unfortunately, it's my job to dictate Who I don't wanna say it again.


Your job to do that. Niggas laughing This crazy stop. Leave me alone. Leave me fucking with You. You right though. You right. Leave me alone. I don't wanna listen. Listen. 'cause it did come over way and I I was checked about it by some people Who, who I respect yo. That that sounds crazy. And I don't want to come off like that. That wasn't what I meant. It's just something ego going back and forth with my brothers in, in the moment. But I'm extremely appreciative because if I wasn't up here, my rebrand wouldn't have been documented. No one was letting me in the building. Yo, we not letting you in then you'll really be on Chicken Nugget from fries. Yeah, exactly. Yo, we not letting you In here. Here. We not letting you come in here. There's nothing that you can do. I come, yo, I want be invited. No it's not. I remember that's when Ebro was throwing you underneath the tables and all that kicking you in the head. All that shit.


Oh shit. I remember myself. He handled you a little bit. I seen it. Are you crazy? I seen Itto. All right. That's when you went up there. I say E bro picked you up. Nobody's feet dangling and you couldn't really grab him. 'cause your arms is little. Yeah It is cool. I remember, you know your shit was short. You couldn't really reach his throat. It's alright. But, and I appreciate, I appreciate you allowing me to feel. Yo yo, when do I get a iso to talk about the pistol ons? Take it. I mean, should I do it now? I maybe should have waited. I should have done it during PrizePicks. I don't want to call Jerry Jack up. Be clear. At the time, at the time of this recording game Game five has not been played yet.


By the time you're listening to this game, five has been played 'cause it's tonight and I will be outta here by seven 30. But boy did we handle the pistols took care of that. Went down in Detroit. Let 'em know we was a just fine on the road. Hey some niggas play Wall Road three one. Hey Cunningham, honey Bake Ham or Ham from the bos.


Hey they had everybody A big Sean was out. Oh shit, baby face. Right. Niggas was outside so fucking hell nigga. Get the fuck out here. And I love Detroit. I would've loved to go to that game and shout to the no call. I'd have loved to that. I'd have loved to go to that game to say shout out to the no call would be to say shout out to the whole game. Mm. I'm just saying shout to They wrestled the whole game that entire game. And that's why I don't want to hear that shit. Y'all be doing what? I don't want to hear that shit. Yep. Y'all niggas asked for a physical series. Every post, every post game interview AFF got up there and said this is how we want to play. 'cause we could play through it. They can't.


Looking at the game we be losing because they play through it and we just end up crying. Yo, FOW, FOW, FOW, FOW Fow Poetic Justice. The Only person that don't gotta play through it Though. Poetic justice that they lost that game and we foul them niggas good for y'all. Asses good. Y'all was playing. I thought that was the lions we was playing. They was fucking us up. Y'all was, It was a fuck. Both teams was fucking each other up. Now don't do that. And it, both teams have been fucking each other up. No, I think they fucking us up a lot more. They been winning the free throw battle. Jalen Jalen Brunson, who is the fucking NBA clutch player of the year has not taken a free throw in the fourth quarter of the last game.


Or I wanna say the game before, but I wanna fact check that that first. So yeah, I don't want to hear that free throw shit you niggas wanted physical. It is physical. The ref missed it. The NBA said it was a foul. Guess what? Game over. Game over back to time. Back to 34th Street. We go, Boy I hate that shit though. I ain't going, Hey, Back to 33rd. Hate that shit when they come back afterwards and say, yeah, we supposed to call that foul. I Don't like it either. Well Nigga, some us, I don't it. Either of us had something on that. Yo, listen, the fuck you talking about? I take, I'll take it past the Nick game. I didn't think that Denver won that game that they said Denver won. What The what? The AlleyOOP? Yeah. Balls out his answer. You must got the fucking, the sphere cameras.


Nah, they You got a different camera than me. No, they just saw, I saw a fingertip on the ball with the, with the, with the red light. Time fired Red light. The ball's not same. I'm open to being wrong about it. No, it's cool because it may be another angle that, that didn didn't See that. But it's, from what I saw, it looked like his finger was still touching the ball. And if I was a pissed on fan, I would feel a way. Right now I would feel the way. Right. That was be my question. Would you be as open? Of course. I Oh, okay. But I would understand it. I would understand it. They fucking each other up that this is a different type of series. They fucking each other up. I will say that. And that's not where you lost the game. Whatchamacallit. Is getting, he getting more superstar treatment though.


Who? Bronson. He should. Everybody else not getting it As he should. And I think Kade is, but as he should, you know what? They fucking came up now calling Jerry, Jack. They fucking wasn't before they Fucking K up. I wasn't before Brunon initiates The, I am run to that contact and be going, getting a bunch of calls Now. I am. I wasn't before, but now I am. I am now. JJ Answered. That's what I mean. Yeah. Yeah. Ain't answer. That's right. No good. I want it documented that he's not answered. It all has been forwarded voicemail. No, no, no. No voicemail. I know that It is being forwarded. You ain't gotta tell me I called because it would be forwarded.


Oh shit. Yeah. Again, shout to Detroit. Shout to Detroit. Real good season. Bigger staff may even be Coach of the Year. McCade Cunningham Palace to Buckingham. You could bring the Sun Sand Nixon five. What the fuck are they talking about? I saw you wrote That. Yeah. Nixon five. Oh shit. Took me a while. It took me 10 minutes. I'm rusty. It took me a second man. Stupid. Yeah. That's funny. What else we got? What else we got? What else We got the fucking pissed ons. Well, we got the new Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees. We did. Mm. And I, I mean, I'm happy to see who's on this list.


So we have Outkast and Salt and Pepper. Oh, much. Well, I mean there's more I I'll read the whole list. Yeah. Read more. Performer category is bad company. Chubby Checker. Joe Cocker. Cyndi Lauper, Outkast Sound Garden and the White Stripes. Okay. Musical Influence Awards, salt and Pepper. Warren Zevon, musical Excellence Award. Tom Bell, Nick Hopkins, Carol K. Nice. So yeah, I'm Chubby Checkers just getting in there I think. But that was an influence or something before. Maybe it was Performer. Oh, It was Chubby Checker's Performer. He hasn't been in the rock and roll. Wow. Some of this shit is crazy. This is the saying last time.


I rarely be mad at who gets in. I'll just be fascinated by the order and the time it takes with some of these folks to like chubby checkers just in and so and so will be in five years ago. It is wild to me. That's insane. Really Happy. Well, Congratulations. Yeah, For sure. Yeah. Really. I like to see some type of under influence. We was just having that talk before. Definitely were, yeah. So I, I love that one. But yeah, pretty dope. Pretty dope. That's, I have the, the show. I love the induction show. Oh Yeah. Bring Everybody in. They film that. Yeah. Yeah. Televis, right? Yeah. LL one. Crazy. So it usually be like four hours long, but It'd be long as hell. It's fire. Also, before we go any further, I wanna say rest in peace to Phil Robinson.


Phil Robinson, many of you are familiar with from making the band. He was one of the executives as well as a on air personality that you'll see Phil Robinson passed away. Rest in peace. Rest in peace to Phil. Rest in peace. And rest in peace to Dick Barnett. Nick Legend. Shout out to the nick. So rest in peace. Rest in peace to those brothers. I want to go back because we didn't talk about the, we didn't do much music last pod. No we didn't. And I didn't hear much music anyway. But I want to go back and discuss this Young Thug record featuring Future Money on Money. Let's get it.


I think this record's incredible. I know. You know what that means. I'm sorry. I'm Sorry. He, he heard it in the spot. I'm sorry. So, ah, I'm sorry. That's what it means. I'm sorry. You guys Review it worked on them. It worked on them. Yeah. I'm sorry. Well, it worked on them. Don't apologize. Worked on him. Not bad As and and let me tell you, that's halfway true. That's half. That's only half true. Just Half. I was outside a little bit. I did hear this song outside, but I was too occupied at the time to really give it my full attention. So I went about my business. You had the Swishy pants on The next morning. I don't recall the next morning. No travel.


Lube not living like that no more. Congrats. Sounds crazy. Love that for you. No. Now my travel lube bitches that know I used to have it, they looking at me funny now. 'cause it ain't happening no more. See your dog for you. Don't walk into a spot with lube in your pocket. It is crazy. Didn't you say no drawers? It's swishy Pants. That's y'all paying me. I I got on whatever y'all want me to have on at this point. It's like mine. Minecraft. You have on an Army outfit. You Got lube in your pocket. What the fuck You got on nigga? That's poor. I don't have lube in my pocket. Where you got, well where is it? In the car? Okay, It is in a truck.


You don't know if your travel lube partners even working tonight. So when you determine that they working, you go to the car and get it. None of your Fancy bags Have like a little pocket. Then you say yo pull up. It's in one of the fancy bags. Just in a different bag. Okay. All right. Got it. Now you go get the other bag. Lube bag. The lube bag. So you walk back in the strip club with the lube in the bag. In the bag. Not in your pocket. Oh, that's very poor. It makes it very d And it's gonna stay in some of your clothes in the cleaners can't get that out. If you would know, so would you. I wouldn't, don't worry. It is cool. I need somebody like lube Water soluble. It is water soluble Earth. Earth. That's not true. And I, Oh yeah. Shit. It is oil based. This is where I don't, you got the polyurethane loop.


This Thing got the Home Depot. I don't even discuss these types of things with you. Novices. You right. Definitely that. So then the next day I went and listened to this song and was like, oh, slept. It's crept by me. Nobody else here heard this song. I heard it. We talked about it. Yeah, we did. What'd y'all say about it? We said it was cool. It was, it wasn't anything out. This not world. It's not cool. It's it's cool. It's not cool. It's cool. It's not cool. Nothing we haven't heard of before. Before. Yes It is. Yes It is. Okay. Yes. It's not cool you up.


That's the first thing that's different. We not chronicling crimes no more. Actually, I just thought of the coolest way to tell you what I've learned from that trial I went through. Which is I don't want nobody going to do nothing If I gotta be the one to tell you to go spend. That's the difference already. You don't hear that. You don't think so. You don't care. I think this record is a great job of him post-trial is what I want to highlight. Okay. Okay. That's, that's what I'm saying. Okay. Like this, this hook is fire. What he talking is fire. The beat switch is fire. I like the beat in his verse. Love the, I like the beat switch. I like the beat in his verse. And future verse is cool. Future is future. Yeah. So I mean, but Nigga al, boy boy, okay On slip.


I don, I don morning. I don Stop, stop, stop. Stop, stop, stop. He's talking crazy Ice. Come on. Crazy. He's talk, he talking crazier than the thug that we had a hard time hearing. Bam. Go play Dumb, dumb and Dumber. This is the same. Sh It is. It's, this is a great, It is a good song. It is cool. This is D ain't do nothing out worldly. That's all I'm saying. I'm saying it's a bad record.


You think it, It is. Sounds crazy. I'm not saying It is bad. I'm not saying that boy know that shit. This Sounds, I don know what Dumb dumb dumber. That's the record. No, that's hard. No, but That was the first record is hard out with him post trial. It is him Thug and, and Baby. I mean Thug Baby and Future. It's Lil Baby's first single. But that's what I'm saying. Like I'm not saying it's the bad. Yeah. But I don't know if we came in here on that one and gave it up to, to for to the degree of hardness that that record is due. That's what I'm saying. Some of these records are coming out and because of maybe whatever he went through or because of the trial or that stupid ass mask he had on in that GQ interview, some of these shit is just sliding, sliding by.


Like I wanted to rewind and say hold up now. I'm not gonna keep letting these slide by that dumb one. Dumb shit's Hard. That shit is, that shit's crazy. I don't know that I came in here and said none of that. Sometimes it happens though. You come back catch a record like oh shit, this is cool. Nah, nah, I can't. I can't Swishy pants give you mental. No worries. I got that new me coming up for you. It is coming Shit on slip nigga. No I don want you gonna do.


If I telling for and I gotta be the one calling friends, fuck this little bitch Last night. This morning. But I don know the name of what's Her name. I don Fame mother. I don. Nah You gotta come outside. Are you all crazy? I feel weird. All niggas even sitting still like this. Heard. I don't give a fuck brother. You right my brother Twin. Your run through sex.


Hey man, trench hurt me. Swim pool heated. Alright, that's cool. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. You know what I mean? Don't worry about it. It's dope. It goes. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So don't worry. I don't need y'all for music review. You fucking lame asses. Let's see what else. I definitely heard that ever. What else? What else, what else, what else? I ain't put enough respect on Destin Conrad. I didn't put enough respect on this Destin Conrad project. We came in here. We just like, yo, he put some shit out.


No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You didn't just put some shit out. He killed hold up. I didn't hear this so hold up man. Hear what you got. And DESTIN CONRAD, if you familiar, he been on some smooth mid tempo Loverboy type shit. A lot of people didn't know that. He was fucking talking about niggas when they was listening to the songs. That's how smooth those songs were. That Marvin Gaye shit. And I'm telling you like if any of you, any of give it up, It is been an opinion of mine for a while. Mark that the gays might clear the Straits in the verses. And that's growing more and more true in the newer crop.


I give you Kehlani Dustin Conrad Jazzie Jazzy the artist I give you. I could go on, there's a few of 'em out there Surfing. Surfing With Feet. There's a few of them out there. I ain't even getting, I'm just talking about the newer niggas. Oh It is the new ones. Just the newer niggas. Ombre. Oh, R and b you talking about? Yeah. Oh RB for sure. That that, yeah. I'm only talking about RB. Okay. I'm not, I'm not talking about rap. I don, he ain't wrong on RB but on his debut on Destin Conrad's debut, he upped the tempo. Sound like he found Studio 54 at the right gate party and it's fire. I ain't gonna lie to you. Hold up man. All let this rock for a little bit.


Hold up now. We ain't putting proper respect on this. Shout to Destin Conrad. Friend of the show. Yo. Come up in man. Stop playing. Oh no. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Yes sir. Yes sir. Oh, because You know what I'm saying. You can hear what I'm trying to say. It is. All right. This this dog, his whole album kind of got this, this B right here. Wait.


Oh Man. Stop Playing with this boy. Man. This is bitches. Hey, Who was going? That's fine. Don't worry about it. That was fine. See that's fine. Don't worry about see, see the different reaction you got. Don't worry about it. That shit right there was gone. Don't worry about it though. I don worry about, I just here to show people good.


That's all I got so much. Yes Sir. Nice. This hard. Y'all better stop playing with this boy right here.


Chill, chill, chill. So chill man. You said man, you said the gates are clearing out the streets. Chill man. Lil Nas X is not on that right? He wouldn't be on my list. No, we're talking r and b. He's not, he ain't got no slaps for me to put on there on the joint. Mm Yeah, I'm not even, go ahead y'all. I got it. I'm all down. Full crew now. Crew. Go ahead. I'm don't worry about it man. It's cool. It's cool. Don't worry. What was that I playing? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What's what? What's happening right now? That was that. What was that? What was that right there?


That was cute. What was that? What was that? Just playing phone. Just playing. He playing Slap. Oh that was Dustin Conrad again. That sounds three for three right there. Mad at that Love Jones soundtrack. I wasn't mad at that one. Got the horse. Anyway, that Dustin Conrad album is available in your phone and on DSPs. This is not a sleeper nor a asd. I gotta check him out. But that project right there, boy, It is something that, and it's getting nice out buy on there. Let's see here. We wanna talk about this Misa Hilton Invato lawsuit against Mary j Blige. Yeah, I'm just playing some theme music from Mark just in case it comes back Ma, we got it.


Yo, don't worry about it man. We gonna hold it down for you. Cole had to take that. Fuck another song. You gotta let it rock now. Ah, The Wrongest Time. Alright. Whoa, whoa, whoa. You Wrongest Time. What? Oh, where was we at? Where was we at? Where was we at? Quick, Quick Aside in Music, back to the Party, Drake, what would be the next single conversation?


I heard Die Trying Out a lot when I was out In Nashville. The one with the acoustic shit. And granted Guitars, Nashville probably makes more sense but still I could see how that would be the one uptempo more pop Feel Dtic. See That wouldn't work. Yeah, for sure. Well let just see About that buddy. Well It is also the second song up on parties page. So I think the numbers might, that might be Indicators. You know, you know what I saw recently they were talking about somebody's going around asking the top 10 Drake songs from people in the crowd and that's hard. I was surprised that it's like 30 songs. I was surprised that Best I ever had wasn't on the top 10. Like I wouldn't have it on my top 10. Really Personal Top 10.


No, but I could see why it would be on so Top 10 that surprised me When and they had the list and the Hotline Bling was on there. Something from Scorpion was on there. But Best I never Best I ever Had wasn't on there. That is it. Because like It is old Hotline Bling is the top 10 Drake song. It's one of its most successful songs. Yeah. When you start talking that a lot of people just care about the The numbers. The Numbers. Numbers. Got it. Okay. Yeah. Got it. Like I'm one of favorites. Neither one of them are on there on my top 10. Got it. Okay. And Then I'm gonna have some shit on there like Club Paradise, which a lot of folk probably ain't even heard. Gotcha. Because it was a one of the throwaways, he put Out SoundCloud drug. Yeah, yeah. Even though he did drop the care package with it up There. But niggas heard it. Man. I don know what that is. You know if you hear it. No, No he don't.


I bet you didn't hear it. Nah, It is it play it. I don you've heard this Club Paradise. I didn't hear. I don't what album was it on? Freeze. Y'all have heard this? No they haven't. Seriously, nobody in this room has heard this. But they Say that Parks got somebody new. I said damn. Really? Even Rosemary even Lean Ceiling. They said fuck it. Right. They were the first to go. It's nothing personal. It's saving up. New niggas came around, they been waking up this anymore. Hey it was a good time back.


Dunno Okay. Yeah. Chill because that that starts to a whole bunch other shit. I know you before you heard that out. Nope, never heard that before. You've heard that Ish. Okay. I'm like I know he's heard that record. He Was in the club Paradise. You got a lot of, you got away with a lot of shit back in those days boy. And that was his old street name. Yeah, Perry. Perry was the green. Yes. That nigga Old Street name was something with Nectar. What Those guys Nish. If you see your old work when you with your girl, do you act like you don't know them or nah, I Speak.


You speak And if your girl see her old work in front of you, does she speak or she acting like she don't know them? Ooh, I a Long hug. I wouldn't know who her old work is. What She wouldn't tell you pick up and hug. She wouldn't Tell you Spin, spin Bit back. Not we not gonna get to get conversation. Go get the car Nigga. If my Girl speaks to a guy when we out I'm what I'm gonna say who that? Well you're not gonna be there. You, you gonna be getting the car. You're not gonna ask her who that was. So she says hello to somebody. Gives them a hug and doesn't explain who they are. You're okay with that Long hug too. Like we said Pelvis, nobody give somebody a rubbing her back. Niggas always gotta, you don't think dude gonna rub back a Little bit?


But if he do that then he, I see it saying something. A nigga ain't gonna do that. It is just gonna be, he gotta go like he said ain gonna be right there. So he say Until went to the bottom saying I'm saying Chase is so cool that when, when she see her old work and It is going get the car, that's gonna be it. Like she gonna say do that and then It is gonna be going Bitch don't care nigga don't let, don't spit nigga What I'm saying. So you that confident in yourself that yo hey man talk to your friend. I'll be back Aki don't let this nigga influence you To be Fam. If I'm somewhere or my girl or my girl speaks to somebody, she say hi to somebody that fuck you talking about Nigga we moving.


No, no, no. Ain't catch up. What's catch mean? Like While quick they stand and mother some teeth are showing they gonna talk for like six the six minutes maybe. Maybe. Yo the back teeth showing yo can you, It is a hypothetical. No listen, the back teeth start showing. Yeah. Alright. Back teeth just showing He's too What you want me to say? Well he Polish too. He too, what you want Me to say? She not Polish nigga? Yeah, she's not Polish. Watch your fucking mouth. For real. She's not Polish Not Polish. She is Portuguese. He is too. He Portuguese now they start talking that shit around what?


Brazil. Brazil. He's nobody do, he's no nobody. He too cool for school. He's nodo. He Your girl Can't speak to nobody when you with her. She can't. She can't. Of course. No. My wife be, Oh yeah, I mean yeah My wife good but but she gonna tell me who It is automatically. You gonna ask. No she tells me automatically. Well that's something different. I'm not, I do the same thing. I'm not asking no questions If I, I think it's rude To see somebody hug them in front of my wife. Introduce seems what If your girl introduced you as your profession?


You added the hugs And what you mean? Shit, yo, this, This is podcast The Joe podcast. The he knows houses. It is my contractor. Right. This cabinet in the kitchen. He did this, this the nigga. I just went into business with him. This would lose his mind in there. Nigga that more would turn into Red Dawn nigga. Look, he don't, Some people play like that though. You know Better. Some people boy what if she pranking you and do that nigga you probably look just to see your reaction Or what if you say, yo, this is my new boyfriend, Haven't seen you in a long time. Pablo.


This is my new boyfriend Ish. What's new to you? New this relative. Hold on, gimme a second. Yeah, pop. How's your mom? It me there it old, it turned into a lollipop. A Blow. It is old heavy be red. Hey This could go grab a Snickers. They gave, they catching up nigga. Hey it Happen. It don't to who? You, I mean niggas Okay. You just said that your girl could speak to somebody and you don't care who she's speaking to. I like that but I, I just doubt that that's true. She wouldn't come and tell you, oh this is my friend. That's what I'm saying. She just going hug a random nigga and I say If she tells me, she tells me. I'm not asking you up Portuguese Nigga too. That's What you're saying.


I don don't Give a Fuck that is Mr. Portuguese. Nigga. He won the prime Minister. He won Mr. Mr. Olympio over There Olympio. He wanted them niggas. I'm not sure nigga. Mr. Port nigga slap say something me right now nigga. You tell yo take your fat ass come on the car. Not sure Yo. You go standing there or outta shape. A nigga slapping me. How you crazy Little scoot bro. You be, you gonna be standing there in your oversized t-shirt and shit. And he police out. That nigga Got the tank on and He police out here nigga. And he policed out here nigga dig you. He shook your hand man. Firm. Where'd you win? Purchase Shit. Didn't you say something? I talked to your girl right here nigga in Portugal.


Nigga. I know. Yeah. Hold on. I know What, what you gonna do when he say yo is your number change? I'm asking you a hypothetical question because he had the old number. Ask yourself That question. Oh no that wouldn't happen to me. No, she can't speak. Yeah that would happened to me. S not true. Joe did that. What would you do If You overheard him say yo, is your number still the same like you a while out on him? Nothing. Your foot is broke. Nothing. Okay Joe. I'm not scoot back To the done. That's my, that's the end of my question. I'm I'm, I'm cool where I'm at bro. That's The the end of my questions. I don't have them fears. Y'all got I'm good where I'm at. He secure. We all have different fears. Shots fired. That's true. We all have different fears.


He's secure. He's secure in his bag. That's true. Good thing. But don't act like y can't see how nigga watch your fucking mouth nigga act like shout you. You'll stand. Would you stand there and look? Yeah. You Fuck that. Something's wrong with you yo. You'll stand there and look like how? What's your head position? Is it this or this? Y'all a Turkey leg. Hu choke nigga Be like, yo, remember the last time we had them greens, they was different. Right. Ain't not the Same as last time. But he don't, I don't, I don't think she would, he don't give up the energy that he allowed somebody to put. I don't think she would Allow that and we wouldn't be a Turkey leg hut because the owner wouldn't gasoline on the other on competitive businesses, whoever y'all are.


And then they caught him on video shit too. Fantastic nigga. Hell nah. Yo. I do like this old niggas getting caught on video doing shit they wasn't supposed to be doing. Like why we got you in the clearest black and white I ever seen pouring gas. It wasn't black And white nigga, it was color. Oh The one I seen was black and white. It was like the eagle eye from the sky zoomed in. They caught him and all his friends pouring gas. Nigga you can't do that though. Not competing business. 9, 20, 25 bro. Niggas is dumb. That Was, that's it. Niggas just done. I did that was last year was 24, 20, 24. Same. Same shit. All same shit. My last question to is and then we moving on, you Gotta answer yourself too.


You can't I answer everything You answer. You can't just be throwing a question at nigga. Listen why I'm creative enough to think of questions. I don know if You think it somehow I answer 'em. Alright so listen, everything went the way you envisioned it going. Money left and y'all left. Then the next day you See that her follower number went up by one. How Would I by one, how would I See that? Huh? How would I See that? Through Your peripheral. What she told you? What she told You? I don't do none of that bro. He don't care. I'm Not y'all my nigga, I'm just, I'm just telling you. They followed each other the next day. I would Never know. You don't care? I wouldn't know. You don't care? I don't care and I wouldn't know. Okay That please but you, you but but your Ideology that's outta sight, outta mind type.


What About you Big freeze. Exactly. I wouldn't know. Look at her father. I don't know that. All right. Okay. What nigga? Yo, some people don't, some of Do not pay attention to that shit. That's a smooth way to escape. A hypothetical. Alright, I'll play along with in. Come on, come on. I answered. I don follow each other the next day. I don't care. So Then what? I don't care. I don't Know how you found out nigga. Danny told you I don I Don't care. Oh shit. I got called Danny I don't care. And I just found out Danny name ain't Danny. You lying. He's not lying. How do y'all know that? Because he called Me yesterday because I've been eating the shrimp and grits from old spot at least three times out the week. Now we just be talking or oat talk.


Oh That Danny? Yeah. Oh I thought y'all was talking about the other damn Nigga. No your friend Danny. Your ass your friend Danny. That ain't his name. I know that. Wait but watch, you knew Danny's name wasn't Danny? Yeah. Yeah. Why would I know That? It don't even rhyme with Danny Nigga. No, not even a little bit. It ain't even close to Dan. Not even the same letter nigga went old told me that almost dropped my, you can sit there act cool if you want. Yeah. What are you talking about? I said wait what? He said Yeah Danny named me a damn daddy. I said well where Danny came from And he gave me the story nigga Danny was a rapper and that was his rap game and rat name Mc Danny o nigga.


That's how I felt when I found out this nigga name one Ish. It wasn't nothing close to Ish. Yo. Them niggas That whole crew is They, the way they ditch it, yo Danny name is like Ryan or something Mark or some shit nigga ain't a Danny in that shit Anyways. Shout out to Danny Martin. Yeah Shout to Danny. Oh everybody everybody. That's funny. That's funny. Shit. What is wrong with y'all? What's wrong with who? You can't call. Keep calling him Danny as they were of damn man. And he don't rap no more nigga. The second you stop rapping The rap name you Go yo. Nah come on.


For real. The rap me, the rap being too Mature. Y'all nigga stopped. I'm with you Nelly. Nelly named not Nelly. He still Rap. Nigga what? Don't rap nigga. He put a little verse out. Shut up. It is Perform at the inauguration. He yeah there you go. Yo. If you tried to rap Ice Cube named not Ice Cube And damn sure isn't Ish Like what y'all talking about Rap. He just put a song out last week too. He damn niggas is known by what they know. But your name ain't Ice nigga. Oh wait Time Out. I sell The best. No I can't say that. Alright, Wait Danny still raps. I don't know what Danny does bro. Don't we still, If he still raps then I take away everything I'm saying. I don't know what he does. If he a rapping It is cool. I don't know that. You don't know if your best friend Is rapping.


He's not my best friend and I don't know if Danny Raps, I think he's gonna be hurt when he hear hears that. Danny, you better still be rapping nigga. If you are not you not Danny. No you can't go by Danny though. The fuck is wrong with people. You go by Ice. Your name ain't nowhere. The ice we, I didn't start but that wasn't my rap name. We talking about he got that name from a, from as a rap name and It is not rapping no More. Yo you niggas with rapper names? Yo. What's your, what's your ice name? What do you mean what's my ice name? Where my ice name? Where did that come from? From It came from something What? Tell us what nigga? No Go Stand at the li. It came from something. Nevermind we can't have a conversation. Yeah It is like A Tulsa origin Story.


Yeah, exactly. It Is fucked up. That bet is funny too. I know, it's funny. It is definitely bullshit. It is definitely funny. All I'm saying is if you create a rap name for yourself and then stop rapping, you can't be that rap name no more. Is that out of bounds to say? I agree. Yes It is. Sounds stupid. Okay. Like whatever you known for, you just known for. That's it. Nigga nickname, whatever name you known for. Okay, your name is nigga Name is Flip. Alright. But listen to this. You the Only nigga that used your name as a Rapper. Let's try it this way. You used to knock niggas out. I didn't. Your name is Knockout. You got slept If you then go, no, not even.


No. If you then go on a 20 year run your Pacifist of not nobody, No one has been injured. Should you still be called Knockout? I told y'all we went to the game and I met Mark's man and that nigga name was similar to Knockout. I Think it was De Drop or some shit Like that. That because when he hits you you do drop. They called that nigga that and I was about to say a nigga named Knockout that that knocked a lot of niggas out. You might think that nigga still got it in him at some point. Exchange nigga still knock nigga. Nigga got Yeah, Yeah, yeah. K. Danny better spit a verse. He better have a verse in the talk. And now I wanna know Mark Street name.


What was your, I need to know everybody's street name. What was your street name? Mouse. Oh yeah because you squeak by yourself. Oh Shit. Okay. Alright. This nigga's tough. Okay. Nigga turned crazy. He called you the Squeak Sta. Oh Shit. Watch your fucking mouth nigga. Watch your mouth. What was your street name Ish? That wasn't your street name Bro. What's your street name? Lionheart nigga. What? Yeah, I've never heard a Stigma. All you lying, you lie. He proving the point. He lying on his, he on in the streets no more. He never was in the streets. Never called Lion.


How Drew Bet nigga Imma you him bet. Yeah. Yellow Big Road Lion. It was shit. Shit they called Mac Lion. It was tj, which was my nickname. Trevor Jr. That's Like it. And they call me Lion Hard after. Why Did they call you Lion hurt Niggas in the streets. Who's They? Who's they streets? How many they, how many A lot? Alpo Call we or call Nitty right now and say Yo, what was my name before Flip? First of all, I'm not gonna call Webb and Nitty online right now 'cause they wouldn't like that. But I can call him behind the scenes and nigga tell you that my name, they either call me tj, Lil tj or they call me Lionheart. I don't want to hear nothing about T or J. I want to hear somebody say, yo, we used to call that nigga Lionheart. I don't even want to hear that. I wanna hear somebody say, yo, what's up Lionheart word say I can call the ax.


What was my nickname? Call Anybody that's gonna call you Lion. They never, I can call somebody right now and they be like, yo, mouse. Mouse. What up? That's a lot of people still call you Mouse. It's a lot of folks. All right, hold up. Do you know anybody that's gonna address you as Lionheart and Danny? You not Danny no more. Mel, did you have a street name? Jessica Rabbit I guess. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no. Yeah they did. Yeah they did. It was What they called me for like over a fucking decade. They did nothing. Lucky nigga ain't picking up Nigga. Yeah, the Wiz ain't in eyes no more, Nigga. I don Lucky ain't picking up. You look at Up Up the Wiz According nigga. Now you lucky nigga ain't pick up nigga. What's The origin story of Lion?


Because I used to Act crazy So they So you didn't get Tasmania Devil. Alright, what's the next time? No, no. See What It is. Is that when you, it's just somebody that keeps pushing the bounds and, and like I was little so, but I I wasn't afraid to do what I So you were brave? No. He's editing his own Wikipedia page. No I'm not. I'm just, I swear Then call somebody. I don't want to hear you little nigga. Bottom line hearted. Yo. Stop listening to rap. That niggas All lying hard because you just finished getting busy. Just you just cleared something out. Are you, that didn't happen. They chase You outta 77 schools and I still want to hear how they came up with it. Oh shit. Flip that. I, how you cleared this. I never got chased outta school.


Yo. You got a Lion Heart. You got the horse Lion told had to leave out the back door when the niggas was in the, 'cause the Clipp niggas was in the front gonna stab me. But I left but I didn't get chased out the school. I still went, I still went the next day, nigga. All right, we're Moving. Right Man. It is okay. It is. That's your problem. That nigga, that nigga that niggas aint brave. We not, he called me then they called me Little horny too at one point. One tracks Lil Horny. Yeah. All I got y'all fool. South side peddling duck. You crazy. You know, you know a nigga was around Watch your fucking mouth though. Yeah, they was. They was lying harder.


And on top of that you was the lamb. Oh shit. In order nigga. You was the white boy trying to be black. Listen, I in, in order to be around them niggas you had to do something bitch. Yeah. Shut up Back. Fuck is you talk about lying heart. Oh Nigga You were lying. All right. Black Podcaster Joe. I'm telling you. Yeah. The Nigga at, the nigga at the top Who you is the most honest nigga in podcasting. What? Yes. About the things you wanna be honest about? Put the, put the, Not even them. What? No, he he'll tell the truth about the shit he wanna tell the truth about. Oh man. It is just The other shit that Happened. Joseph Anthony button Jr.


The most honest dude in podcasting. Yep. Sorry. Sorry to kill your little Scripts. Yeah. Nigga died. Yeah. Word. Yo. Oh Man, you killing me. Smalls. This nigga right here is different. What else? What else Up there Needs our needs Our undivided attention. Did we want to talk about this Kendrick tour or did we do it already? No, We didn't. We didn't. That shit set setting records already. Mm. Yeah, he's passed M and m's Record, it was nine, made 9 million, 9.1 million in the first night. So it's the highest grossing raptor. Well for Sure. For one night. Yeah. Per no for per date. Okay. So first date.


But this shit is looking amazing. I saw the set list. I can't wait to go. Yeah, I cannot wait. I'm dying bro. I saw the set list. They're weaving it so it's not like, oh it's out. All this one out. He comes out, she, he does like four or five joints. She do joints. He comes back, does joints. They're going like they co headlining. Got you. And he's covering everything. It's a couple records I wish he did on there, but I don't care. Maybe, maybe We'll Change it. Yeah, I hope I would like to see some, some section 80. Love. Love. It's over. I think It is. I think it's over. That might not happen. I think it's over. Yeah. No, no, no knocks in them or no disrespect to them. But isn't that predicated on like the times like nowadays with movies and shit, like the movie will make x, Y, Z at the box office.


That's just because ticket prices are higher than when Eddie Murphy and them was setting records at four A ticket that and you're doing stadiums. Yeah. At four A ticket and filling 'em out. Filling Them out and you're doing and you're doing stadiums. So as opposed to doing arena tours, which like that's like 20 people. 20,000. Beyonce and Taylor Swift and them, They'll probably set the record next time they go out. Yeah, Next time. Yeah. Beyonce's out now it's Like, it's like NFL contracts or some shit because It says the average ticket price is $536 on Probably for the resellers. Kendrick? No, Probably for the resellers I'm sure. Yeah. That's resellers. Yeah, Resellers Average ticket price is like $192. Yeah. It says You John Key people from the concert nigga.


No, I'm reading The box is doing that. It says the average Kendrick Lamar concert ticket price 2025 tours estimated to be around $536. However, the resale tickets can range from 92 to 6 47. So the retail that wasn't counting here, retail coordinator data opening night in Minneapolis grossed over $9.1 million for more than 47,000 fans at an average price of 1 92 70. Like I said, the previous record was Eminem highest grossing rap concert. So just one one night. One night. He's already broke that on night one in Minneapolis. So that's the town when you get to these bigger cities.


Yeah, It is. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. This is a feat. Yeah, for sure. No matter how you knock it, how you look at It is still a fe. The money is money. Absolutely. It is still a feat. And It is a 52 I think songs. Hmm. Total. I can't wait fired 52 songs. That's what they're doing between The Two of them? No, the the set list between him and ssa. It's A total, It is s like My girl's gonna Love it. That's, I'm gonna, You know what I Mean? That's the fire part. 50 songs insane. The Set list is fire, their attendance is fire Luther is still number one. Their collaboration. That's Fire SSA's album Jumped back, back into fucking billboard. Mm.


Salute Like Her old album. Yeah, Yeah. SO s that That's fire. That's ridiculous. Salute. So all things are working for TD right now with the exception of ab Soul tour dates. And I do hope they get to even that together at some point. I Think he'll, I think they'll get something. I hope Anyway. Yeah, those, his last two projects deserve a live performance. They do for sure. Agreed. I I wish they would've done another. I mean I know expecting this now It is completely off the table. But I wouldn't have been mind at an, wouldn't have been mad at another championship tour like how they did with the entire TDE tour. Yeah. And it gave, it gave fans who were there to see a Kendrick, a scissor, the chance to see some of the other acts on the label.


And that was an amazing tour. Yeah. Yeah. We'll see I wouldn't be surprised. There's some popups. Yeah. Here and there. I know. I've heard enough chatter to know that when them, when that tour hits Prudential, What all Ain't no Prudential. Ain't No Prudential BI mean not Prudential. I'm sorry. It is MetLife. Yeah. I'm sorry. I meant MetLife. I met next Week. Yeah, Yeah. Next week. That's gonna be nice. Damn. What am I wearing? Family Trip. Yeah, well trip with you guys. Tell you my mom is asking for like 12 tickets to shows now. I don't know what's going on. Yeah Joey, we need nine tickets to Chris Brown.


Oh, she not out. Got it. Mom. I got You. See I'm, my mom's ain't there yet. She just asked me for two. I could do that. That's cool. Yeah, I Love it. That's cool. Then gimme two for this too. But am I just gimme the list and it's like two of 'em coming up right around her birthday. Cool. There you go. Go, Go. And yeah, that Patti LaBelle that that shit is May 24th at the Barclays. Not when they hit Jersey in September. Yeah. The Barclays is May 24th. So See that shows one. That's Chaka Con, Patti LaBelle, Gladys Knight and Stephanie Mills. Yeah. I'm sending her to the September one, which is Prudential. Got it. What else, what else, what else, what else needs our attention up there? We ran through Marvin Gaye.


We did Shado Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame. What? Who wrote male birth control up there? I did. Let me hear. Hm Shocker. I just thought it out Too. Shocker, shocker. We know who wrote it though. Oh, Let's see here. But you got it. Hold on a second here. Male birth control. I'm on it. Non hormo, non-hormonal male contraceptive implant shows. Promise it lasted at least two years. I'm getting IUDs Kind of. Yeah, yeah, kind of. Yeah. The implant, it's called Atom is a water-based soluble hydrogel pack placed in the sperm ducts preventing sperm from mixing with semen in phase one of the trials.


Adam successfully blocked semen or sperm released for 24 months with no sperm detected in the semen in two participants. Yes. Where's sperm go? Where's the sperm go? Yeah, it just stay in. You probably absorb back into your body. Hmm. So you My my question how what they inject that shit in you. It is, It is a gel. It's inserted via a 10 minute minimally invasive procedure. No serious adverse events have been reported. I get you. And it also received full regulatory approval in phase two clinical trials. Like is shit. No, my shit permanent though. Be No, I'm saying but 10 Thees aren't permanent.


Huh? Vasectomies aren't permanent. If you want 'em to be there, if You want 'em to be there, I mean Yeah, but they're not permanent and they're not a hundred percent either Have reversed. Yeah, they are, they are permanent. How are they not a hundred percent. What's that football player that was on the chest? Antonio Marty. There You go. But that's, that's more on the procedure. That's more like they fucked up. Yeah. Oh the procedure was fucked up. Yeah, You get a vasectomy, you have to get a a, a semen test afterwards and that's how they make sure that it was properly done. And once they test and they say okay, there's zero sperm count in here. They know you good and you can keep checking that. But yeah, if you cut it and it's not cut right or something like that, they, you can still get sperm through There.


Got it. Got It. Is that all we have on male? Yeah. Is that everything? That was it. That that was it? Yeah. It was interesting. Just thought it was interesting 'cause men don't seem to like to take birth control. I don't see why but Huh? I Don't. Did you know that the, did you know that the pill was originally for you guys? What Pill? Mel? We're gonna keep creating black men. There's nothing you could do about it. I have no what pill? Birth control pills Trying to get us on this shit Was made for men. They were think men should get on it. They were originally made for men. Oh. Didn didn't know that. And then when they tested them on men, men complained of headaches and a couple of other symptoms and so then they reversed it, put it, gave it to women and you know, now we, you know, the odd blood poison Your bodies instead, You know?


Yeah. Death or you know, they gave A headache to the headache. Ooh, Ooh. Turn to sender. Good. That's, yeah. Hey yo, real quick. How, How long should you be indebted to a person that glows you up? Life depends on what you mean by Great question. You have to great. You have to understand, I mean explain indebted what that mean. But also what's the glow up? Glow up legitimize you, take you out the streets, put you on, put you on, put you in position to make money, put you in position to make legitimate money or legal money. Just change your whole life At minimum a very healthy length of time. Like Life 20.


What's indebted? Yeah, it depends on, I'm saying indebted. Tell me you gotta just, I mean not justify, you gotta specify what you mean by indebted because I think you can never sever ties with that person. You can't do your own thing. Like what, what's indebted Subjective. But to me, I'm Speaking for what Angela was trying to do for ghosts. I'm speaking for a relationship situation. And on top of that, if you're trying to break up with the person, like just what Angela was trying can't move. Yeah. I think that what Angela Was, she wanted to legitimize ghosts And take and change your life and create a life with you. I think that If a woman does that for a man, it needs to be recognized. Even the most get getting busiest of the men.


Like outside all the dope boy money, illegal money, whatever you wanna put the money at. If a young lady comes and legitimizes him, cleans, cleans him up, cleans the money up, how long should, should he be indebted to Her? I don't think it's a time period. I think that that person should play or you should have a special place in your heart for that person forever. I don't think that the person should be able to hold it over your head forever. But I think that person should be near and dear to you forever And should be able to come to you for Anything. Anytime they need something. Should you be able to, to give them whatever they need, whatever they want in the moment? Do you put, If it's within your power to do so, then yes. That's, That's circumstantial. 'cause I think that Angela and Ghost, let's say they was in a, they were in a relationship for 10 years, right?


And then they broke up and ghost remarried. I don't think Angela could come calling on him whenever she felt like it. If he's in a new marriage or new situation. I think again that she should play like within reason. You know what I mean? I think, I think I would be indebted to her for the rest of my life. But I don't think that she could just call whenever she felt like it. Yeah. I think it depends on what the ask is. It depends on what the ask is Because Even away from relationships, even in like entertainment or business or anything like that, just because you helped put me on, you put me on. I'm always gonna be respect and love. But that doesn't mean like I don't owe you. You can abuse that shit. That's true.


That's true. Yeah. I agree with that. What if man, you don't owe me because you did that. Right? But what if it changes your li what if whatever I did for you now put you on a Strat in different stratosphere. Well it changed your life forever now you super up and if it wasn't for me and my sacrifices or whatever I did, you wouldn't be in that position. So then now if I don't give a fuck, if you not, if you, if I need you at this moment and it's important, I don't want you to think about it. I want you to be, the person wouldn't want you to think about it. They want you to come through for them instantly. Because I was the one that put you in this position because Of the ask. Still depends. It still depends. Got you One that depend on the ask. And two, you should like if you doing something for somebody Yeah.


With the expectation down the line that when I come back they going to return it. It, It is a little, it don't come off as just genuine to me. Because also what what happens in a situation where you give someone an opportunity, right? They blow up and do good but you also make money and do well off. Well you Benefited from that. Do they still owe you a drop of a dime? Whatever you ask. You know everyone won You a and r. You find me rapping and I go on to be Jay-Z, Eminem, Kendrick Drake. You found me at my cousin's cookout, you know what I'm saying? And you had the connections to plug me. But you also made, you might not have made as much money as I did.


I might have made a billion dollars but you made 50 million. A hundred million dollars. So you ate off of my success as well. It was, it was a mutually beneficial situation. Yeah I would, I might not be where I am if it wasn't for flip. But you still ate. Mm. So I would be indebted to you for life because you changed my life, you changed my lineage, you changed my family's life. But I think within reason, your ass can be too big. Pause. Now see in in those examples, usually there's some paperwork involved with the, I discovered I discovered you but I think just putting somebody on. Yeah, I'm with y'all. The ad. The ad. Long as the ass getting too crazy.


What the fuck y'all niggas doing in here bro? What happened? Yeah. Corey, keep your little dusty outta here my nigga. Some shit on the couch bugs and shit. Yeah nigga bedbugs. I back like you ain. Never had bedbugs before. I'm not acting bed bugs. I didn't. You've never Experienced bedbugs? Yes you Did. Why you saying that? So shockingly You bought mattresses from the street. Yeah that's why. That's why because you bought mattresses from fucking drug dealers. You in the streets. That's why Plastic rat Trucks that were kidnapped and stolen And that's where you bought mattresses. So they were not think It is so out of bound. My man he didn't buy of, He didn't buy any stolen Property. One of them might add, You know what I mean? They just fell off the truck. I don't know what there was a store or even not even a hotel, movie, theater motel.


You've been in them. You've been in the joints. You've been in the joints. They had me And you have been in places where they had bedbug numbers. They had bedbugs in the Waldorf Astoria. That don't mean that I personally came in contact with the bed bug. You've opened yourself up to a lawsuit from Waldorf. His story? No, it's doc. It's Documented. I'm just telling You. Right. They gonna document you. They ain't gonna come to you though. Don't worry about it. Stupid yo. Yeah, no nigga. I haven't had no personal interaction with bedbugs. You've Been in the loop. I think they closed the loop down specifically because there was a bed bug problem. If my memory serves me correct. I'm telling you they had been A few years. Yo you niggas is dumb. That don't mean niggas had bad bugs. Yeah. Whatcha talking about I wasn't in that room.


Two was. That's not true. It gotta stop two 19 it gotta stop. It was bed bugs in two 19. You put 'em there too. No didn didn't Brought the little Dusty over. And don't try to act like all your life. You've been fucking the cleanest of girl too. Some of them carried bedbugs around. I believe that to be true. Some of them carry bedbugs around Antoine and L nigga and crab Nigga crabs. Nigga. How times you caught crabs And you travel so you be going to all them spots with bed bugs. Crab. I've never caught crabs in my life. Yes you Did. Fuck yes you did. Yo, you niggas is nuts. You did. We Have, you had nothing. Zero. He wouldn't tell this this rock ass if he did. That's not true. You put the cream on your shit.


Never. The cream. This shit was cooler cream. I Tonight Cool it now slow It down. True. I've never had no venereal disease. Knock on Something. You did. Yo you did. I'm with you Ish. Y'all niggas Caught crabs but no venere diseases. That's it was y crabs before. Right. Did she lying on you? Yeah. No I I know it wasn't. No, 'cause I went, it was freshman year of college and I didn't know I wouldn't even get no yams like that. You Sat on the toilet? Yeah, exactly what it was. Ah. And what's crazy is, and I brought my own toilet seat because I'm A OCD so I, I, excuse me, I brought my own toilet seat from Home Depot. Yeah. And I would walk down the hallway and lay it down on the, on the chrome so that I wouldn't get nothing.


Y'all Had chrome seats at your college? It was Morehouse. It was, it was regular. Like regular. You know what I'm saying? Like the regular tool bowl. It wasn't that metal Shit wasnt. That's Chrome. It's A chrome. It's a jail shit. Huh? They what? They're not porcelain porcelain fan. Oh, okay. Por, I don't know. You talk about jail? Yeah, you talk about tomato. Tomato. Right. Didn't didn't have the button. Did they have the button on the side? No. What's some little white feed sitting? There's nothing wrong there. Like you worked your way out that so No. Well I definitely worked my way out through crabs man. It was the worst. And then one day I started itching and shit. Yeah. Then it got worse. Then it got worse. I heard that shit is real. Then my homie said, well you know It is all you need is dog shampoo.


And I, which sounded right to me 'cause I was a freshman And I said Are you sure? He said you ever seen a dog with crabs? Oh yeah. I wouldn't know if the dog would. Seems like airtight logic in 1996. Holy shit dog with crab dog shampoo was a lot cheaper than crab lights removal. Okay. Yeah, but it didn't work a month later. Easy to see why he round earth. Watch your fucking Around with crab shit. Yo, just get your dog sh get the cat litter shampoo. Yo. So you think because you believe in flat earth you didn't catch no SCDs or crabs or none of that? Well he can't get crabs now because he got the procedure. He Ain't got no, he ain't got no hair. He got the procedure done.


He got yeah lasers. He got his hair laser. So wait, did the dog shampoo work man, pink down, down with bump? No, that shit Ain't work. I didn't get any fleas. Okay, you but still had crash? Yeah, I tried everything that killed a motherfucker. They had the most annoying. Especially when you don't treat it. Yo, what's the shit You had to, can you just shave off your shit? No. Okay. And man, we're moving on now. Another myth We did it. Yo. What you did to get rid of your shit? I never had. What's your shit talking? Yeah. Which, Which thing? Which time? Trigger, trigger. I don't know what you talking about. No, no Shot no cream, No nothing. I have no idea what you talking about. Okay. I have one thing that I've talked about many a times. Yeah, we talked about that. What's that? Treche. Mannos. Woo Tre.


Your what? Reoc. That shit feel kind good though. What's Called trek nose When you pee. That should feel good. It is like a sensation. And I've said that before here too. You said that too. You said that. I won't say it again, but yeah Bobby, we don't wanna get into that. I talk about that on Patreon. Get a ice kit. Y'all look at mouth S. That should just feel like your piss is stressed out like when you pee. Oh, that shit just dude. They do. They start peeing like fucking DJ playing white line Bass Shit Start peeing like the little Kim dance Nigga Shooting out.


So anyways, yeah, that's true. Shout to Kim. So I want to play for you guys this awkward moment in this Bill Belichick interview. Yes. That was where he has his young girlfriend on the side who interrupts when he's asked where they met. So I'm gonna play it and just get you guys' thoughts on this. I have my own, but if you'd like to hear it here it goes. That that's the Jordan was a constant presence during our interview. You have Jordan right over there. Everybody in the world seems to be following this relationship. They've got an opinion about your private life. It's got nothing to do with them, but they're invested in it.


How do you deal with that? Never been too worried about what everybody else thinks. Just try to do what I feel like is best for me and And what's right. How did you guys meet? Not talking about this. No, It is a topic. Neither one of them is comfortable commenting on make sure that that's Only bad. Jordan was A constant presence during our interview. You have Jordan right over there. Everybody in the world seems to be following this relationship. They've got an opinion about your, In this interview. And this interview is with CBS Sunday morning aired on April 27th. This, this, this whole straight voice, direct answer shit might work when you got the Bengals next week, right?


It work at the fucking post game press conference. Not so much on CBS when we starting to get asked for the T. Yeah. And is she right there on the side? I do have a thought about this. Not sharing it immediately. What do any of you guys have to say about this Before? So she wasn't being interviewed. She was awesome. No, she Was. She was on the side. She was producing them. That's what that sound like. I'm always fascinated when the interview subject is so unprepared for a question that is so obviously coming. You're 70. How old is he? 74. No, what? How Old was he Is 73. 73. Her answering the question didn't tell me he was so unprepared for Yeah, he Didn't even get a Chance to, I mean, I'm saying they should have coordinated that.


Like I don't think that's, I think They did. Oh you think he wanted that? No, I think that they were told beforehand what not to broach and the guy broached it anyway. That's what I see. I see. Which made her jump up from the side and say, Hey, we're not answering that. She might know a little more about Bill's health than we do. Mm, that's a good point. Also to where she felt the need to do that on the Patriots. There were a team of people on the side to say, nah, next question. Fuck outta here. Yo. Not just that I'm Bill Belichick, my nigga. People respect me in this industry. I'm him. And the questions that I don't want asked, they don't get asked. Asked. They don't ask Them. Yeah. We Know this person went above and beyond to do some salacious shit in this day and time.


And they checked it. I Didn and not and we're not used to Wait, go ahead. Look at It. I was gonna say, I was just gonna say that's not really a salacious question. It's a honest question. It Is, yes It is In the context. If, if it was discussed ahead of time that we are not getting into this and you still do it, that makes it Salacious. If it wasn't discussed salacious, If it wasn't discussed, it's still salacious. She did it for a headline. Okay. I would, I would just consider that crossing a boundary. But I don't necessarily say that it's a salacious question. If they were, if he was asking direct questions about their sex life, I feel like that's salacious. Or maybe I'm just splitting hairs here. When I, when I worked for C-B-S-I-I with CBS, I just say I work for BET the same company. You know when we do CBS stuff, you would say to somebody, the publicist would say, Hey don't ask me about this thing.


It's not salacious by the way. 'cause the definition of salacious is having or conveying undue or inappropriate interest in sexual matters. That's what I'm saying. It's not salacious. So You're also, salacious is the wrong word, but y'all know what we trying to Yeah. You know what we saying. I still think it's, we cross the mountain. I mean because It is not, It Is still salacious because it's still ties in. So Implication is why you fucking this this why You fucking this Kid, this little girl? And y'all know that that age gap shit has been a big topic of discussion. Exactly. Exactly. And, and I mean it's different if she not there with him and he by himself and you're trying to have like a real nigga moment with him, she's 10 feet away. Right. And that's why I think they say we're not gonna ask, but in my experience what you do is you say, look, I have to ask it, but I won't press you on it.


If you say no comment, I'll move on. See, I think that's foul when they do that. That's super foul. And if and if that's y'all's practice. Yeah, that shits what then we should change the practices. That's why it depends on the question. Some story ain't my business if it's not my business. I don't ask it. But for example, if like it would be, if I interview Shado Sanders tomorrow, I would have to, I would feel compelled to ask him about the prank. And if he said, I don't wanna talk about that prank shit, I'm mad, I would, I say no comment. But if he asked you beforehand to not ask him about the prank, 'cause he don't want to lend his light to some white boy who was trying to be funny, true in his moment of blis that he worked his whole life for. Would you still ask then what would you do? I would make a judgment call based on how important I thought it was to the news cycle in, in this, in this. Oh see that's not fair. Fucked in that specific case.


That's fucked up in that specific case. I, I would put, I would leave it alone because I don't think it's that important to the Shado story. But if Shado said, I don't wanna talk about my draft position, what? You see what I'm saying? Like what am I gonna do? Nah, but Well then well then you shouldn't have 'em on. I I think that's right. There's People that that call here for an interview all the time. And when they send their list, if that's exactly what I wanted to talk about then Sorry buddy, there's no point in you coming up here. I'm not even gonna play with you like That. But you know, a lot of celebrities do. They, they say there's no parameters. And then right before they sit in the chair they go, oh, don't ask me about that thing. When we wouldn't have brought you to your point, we wouldn't have brought you up here if we knew you weren't gonna talk about that thing. That's where it gets a little, a little dicey. And then I gotta make call. Well even then, I think it's on you to say in that moment then we're gonna go a different route.


Right? Yeah. That's, and that's a tough call to make. Yeah. It's a, especially when it's like a headliner or you're about to go live or you got a hour to get this pre-AP Up. You, you just said, yo, I, depending upon how important You think it is to the news cycle. Yeah. So that's what they're doing. They think that these things are important to the news cycle. They click Beatty, they gonna get us a return. And so they bring, they, they broach any, any category possible. Yeah. Yo, we can see yo Bill Belichick comments on relationship with 22-year-old girl and says it's only natural or some Shit. Yeah. You won, you won the day. Yeah. Like that's what you trying, you trying to win the day. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. And so everybody's playing their interest. I'm not mad at either person. Nah, nah, you gotta be mad at the person that's putting winning the day ahead of how you treat people.


That's true. Yes. Yes. I mean I'm, I'm saying in this case, assuming they didn't say don't bring it up. Okay, gotcha. If they said don't bring it up again, leave it alone. It's not, that's not who Bill Belichick is. That's not the story for him. But I just, I don't even think they should And and I'm with what you're saying, but asking that which shorty 10 feet away is kind of nuts. And It's Bill Belichick though. I don't take it that way. It is nuts. I do, again, I'm saying that wasn't discussed ahead of time. You see a couple that has been in the news, whatever. Hey, how'd y'all meet Some People? I don't take it that way. Why do You think it, why do you think that it's nuts that they asked with her sitting 10 feet away? Do you think that it was dismissive of them to ask him the question when she's sitting right there? Is that the part, the issue? I think that if you have Bill Bella, well, well first of all, yeah.


Yeah. She's a woman and she's sitting right there and you, you know what you're doing. You are asking something because there's a 60 year age gap here and you're trying to win the day. I don't think that you should try to win the day at a woman's expense. That's one. Two, if you have Bill Belichick there, I assume that, you know, he's been private for 50 Years. That's the main part. He don't do anything like That. He doesn't do what you're trying to get him to do. Yes. It's different if you got fucking Shay or fucking me or fucking like it's different. We'll come up there. I just, I have a fight. Bill Belichick is not That. And I know that he doesn't do interviews. I know that he's a notar, notoriously private person. So I guess what I'm asking is, that's an interesting point since he doesn't do interviews.


What was the point of this interview? Just like, I wish I Knew. I think David A book. I Think It is a book. He's a book coming out. I think It is a book. Yeah. Okay. So It is a book Promotion press run. It's a press run. Belichick's life has been Football. I understand. I Know like nine 98% I know football. So when you get him up there to now discuss something about his personal life that may be teetering the line of gossip or teetering the line, not, I don won't call it gossip 'cause it's real, but teetering the line of inappropriate shit that he hasn't stood for for the last 50 years. I just think it's nasty. He's in the, he's in the eye of the fucking of a hurricane. That's just It. Hold on. And it's CB s not s espn. So that also changes it like Exactly. Yeah. But you don't normally do these, but he don't normally be here. So if you here's exactly.


You get some different, and that's what I was about. Say I have a problem with because look how we approaching the Bill Belichick topic and look how we approach the, the Shannon Sharp topic, you holding the Bill Bejo, that's Bill Belichick. It is still the same thing as far as the age gap difference in women. And we approaching this with more kid gloves. I completely Agree. And, and well That's a false Parallel. That's a false parallel Me How one person is doing it. Shannon, Shannon wasn't Doing an Interview. Shannon, Shannon accusations against him. Yeah. Like they put that accusations against him. Shannon, Shannon tweet. Shannon's been accused of rape from him and The girl. I Get it. Shannon. What? Shannon's being accused of sexual assault. That's not the same directly To mingle those s Not I'm Not, I I I thought we were looking at the age Difference.


He's simply, we not discussing that. So We don't care about the age. And I do, but that's not the point. I think the point now is sort of like, how are we talking about it with Bill Bells? Because I think if Shannon Shark came on, I'd say the same thing. And if there's no sexual assault allegation, I got it. It, I wouldn't be like, why you dating this girl from Chuck? What's, that's my point. If there's no sexual assault, nothing and It is just a clean conversation, then everybody is doing age gaps. Have at It out There. And I totally understand that. But flip is right. The fact of the matter is, in addition to the sexual assault claims, a huge part of the conversation is the massive age gap between Shannon Sharp and that girl. For sure. And the, the age gap, the massive age gap between these two, those two, those two girls are what, two years?


Fucking apart. They're Five years apart. We're talking about, I don I think it's okay to talk, I think I thought she was 22 today. She's 24. The girl in Shannon Sharp's case since 19 at the time, still both very Got got it, Got it. Got. But I think it's okay for us to talk about it as a society. But the question is, when you get that person in the room, is it our business to press them on it in that room? But To your point, he d this is not ES pn, this is CBS and it would be a little bit more titillating and a little bit more, you know, personal, you know, personal get to know you since you are so private, since we all have known Bill Belichick to be so private. Maybe this is the time where he starts to peel back later. I would ask, I mean like, fuck, he has A book with no context. I would ask. But again, if he said he didn't wanna talk about it, I would, I would leave it alone. And if he told me ahead of time, don't bring it up, I wouldn't bring it up.


Have you ever, have you been in that position where somebody asked you about to bring it up and you still felt that the job and the story was more important than how they felt? No, I I think that's unethical. I I either tell you, what I always say to a person is I have to ask you this. You can say no comment or no now, or, or I concede the point and say I won't ask it if it's something that they persuade me. But I've never like sandbag somebody I say I won't ask just blindside. Yeah. Because I think that's not okay. That's, I think That's wrong. I've been doing that in my interviews where I'll have like pre-discussion with them. I'm like, I'm going to ask you these questions to make sure that they're comfortable. Like that is ethical. I Like that. Yeah. Comfortability. Which you hope is that a person, won't you ask them something that they won't expect you to? Like I remember asking Jada Pinkett Smith about having an open marriage back like 15 years ago and she just wasn't expecting that.


'cause she was coming to talk about the Angela Davis film that she, she ep she produced the Angela Davis documentary. So I asked her 'cause she, I don't think she, her team didn't think to tell me not to ask it. And she gave her great answer that, that made new, you know, that that hit the news cycle. So we won the day. But if she had said, don't ask me nothing about my relationship, I wouldn't have asked her anything about it. You know what I mean? Because I and and you and you find you ain't want Will to come through. No, not that I did not. And you and you find it unethical when that happens and love the album. Huh? You find it unethical when it happens. I think it's unethical to, to take things that aren't people that, that we don't have a right to know or that you haven't talked about. Like Shannon Sharp, for example, has talked about dating young girls. Right. So I would feel more open saying to him, you've mentioned this, why Yeah.


Bill Belichick is now out here moving like Neo. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know anything about That's a good one, right? People Have been putting, he on the beach, he just trying to do what retired people do. Yeah. And because of who he is, they're putting him on page six and National Enquirer and all these magazines and in this light that I don't have to care about whether I'm on C-B-S-E-S, espn. Yeah. I wanna talk about, I wanna talk about your book, But It is, but it's true. But to that point, he is no longer that guy anymore. He is retired, but now he's pushing a book that is, he's not Retired. He's not, he, he's coaching, he's T University of Carolina. Sorry, I just took, he retired from the NF nfl. N nfl. Got It. Okay. Okay. Got it, got it, got it. If I was his publicist, I would've, I would've directed him. When they asked you about the, if, if this happens, just say I've always liked to keep my private life private and I still want to, And that's the other thing.


Where was the po Keep question. Where was the publicist? Why is the girlfriend talking up? Well, That's the other thing. That's why I think it looked bad. The room looked mad at empty Girlfriend is not the publicist. Right. We don't know nothing Know facts, right? Yeah. The Girlfriend in that moment move like the public. She sure Did. She sure did. She did. She Sure she did. She she did. And Might be, I mean, there's a reason we haven't seen him for a million years. Maybe she's kind of the person Pushing. We don't know that she's pushing shits not the caretaker. Yeah. We don't know nothing about the nature of their relationship at all. We don't know if he, if he done handed over some type of lifetime rights or anything that we don't know shit. Or we ever just assume as the public is all right, they fucking and that's it. But that don't have to be the extent of what's going on.


But Do you think that it's fair that people are very curious? Do you think that's fair? Sure. Yeah. People fair to be curious. People Gonna be curious. It is just, it's normal. What's just, It is normal to me. It's just a question of what's our business. I find discussion It is business just because you're curious. Find Make A lot, we know A lot about people's business that we should not be knowing, but that's Because they Put they Business curiosity. Sometimes A lot of people putting their business out there sometimes, like, we don't need to Know this shit. And that's still like people gotta have, I don't know what type of social cues people got. You gotta just know what's your business and what ain't that. Don't say what you should be retaining and what you shouldn't. Right. Or what you should read or not read. But you should know when something ain't your business. Right. I agree. That don't mean that we, I mean blogs on blog. Yeah.


People making millions of millions and millions dollars off of other people's business. That's that's a Fact. That is A fact. But that ain't for, You know what I mean? We feel entitled. That said, I got some judgements. I think shit's gross and weird and I can't, I can't unthink that, but I don't feel the need to. What's Gross and weird about it? It's a real conversation. I think the way I look at girls that age is very much like father daughter. It's where my brain goes. I'm not saying everybody's to look at it that way, but it would be weird for me to date somebody who's the age, who's younger than your children who might be the age of my grand or great grandchildren.


Yeah. For me, that would just gross me out. I'm not saying everyone has to feel that way. I'm not trying to, but I, for me, it's weird. I don't know their relationship. I don know anything about it. But when I see it, it just on, it's just something about it just grosses me out. I think that, I think it's more common than we think. I think that men in their sixties minute, take us outta Here Ish. We outta here now what? Let's go Fuck that PhD shit. No, I just, I just think, I think that, I think that men in their fifties, sixties, seventies be more attracted to these 20-year-old girls than we think. And I think had them give them some money and give them the choice. Little 25-year-old man, I think they would be, I think they would be fucking with these 20 something year old Girls.


They'd be warmer than these 70-year-old SI Think they would be fucking with a lot of these young girls. 70-year-old Head. I heard this 20-year-old. I mean the old Head, this weight is out. They take the dentures out, the old ones, Hey pure gums, Man. I don't care if you Man, These topics be triggering the Fuck outta man. Like that shit when her foot don't go like this nigga, she's upset. Why y'all never just, but why y'all never tell us that? Like why We gotta guess overlearning In real, In real time these topics. She can say it y'all Offensive because you don't have to guess. And also because I'm, I'm a I'm an interloper here. This is a guy, this is guys and I'm just gonna like stand back and let you guys have the jokes and stuff like that.


It's fine Space for you. Huh? You're not an interloper. You inherit these same beliefs when the shoe was on the other foot. Yeah. You come in here all the time and say, shout out to the old chick that's dating shit. I I have not said those words. Those words have never left my mouth. But you, what are you asking me? So Hold on one second. He said were you felt like a way or you were like offended or something? No, I'm not offended. I I just, I just concur with, with Mark. I think that it's really, I think it's gross. If it was the other way around, you did the same thing also. Because when share, when we talked brought up share when we talked about share you big share up. When we talked, when we talked about Cher, you and when we talked about Kise and what's the nigga name? Murray. Murray. You big these things. You said He Was funny.


Oh, he's funny though. Kise Was 40 something years old. Got it. He was in His sixties. It's not the same. You Right. Talk About Cher And with Cher. What she's like in her seventies. Dude is like in his late mid to late thirties. No, No, no. How, how old is He? I think he was in his early thirties and she was in her seventies. Okay. It's a 40 year gap. I'm, I Don't when you're, when you're 19 to tell me where gap is to you're when you're 19 and 20 and 21, 22. That Matters. That's I got. Okay. Because what that, Guess what my granddad was 85 chicks was coming around. It was 40 chicks was coming around. I was 35. Yes. There's a big age about 40.


He's 90. Nigga you about to kick the fucking bucket. But you know what I It is a difference. I think That, but if I roll back 30 years and he's 55 and they're 15, I'm gonna say difference's a difference. You see what I'm saying? Like It is the 40 years don't bother me. 40 wouldn. That's what what they was doing in the forties, fifties. Lemme ask you girl dad something. That's true. Your Daughter, 19 years old, your daughter 19 years old, show up with a 67-year-old. What are, how, what are you guys thinking? I'm upset. What are you going to do? Exactly? I'm Not whatcha You gonna do? I'm not. If it's, I got an even better question. I'm agreeing. What if one of your daughters starts dating one of your fucking friends? Yo, you Please tell Me that have this mean face. I'm agreeing, I'm agreeing with you Speaking with expression. I really wanna know That one.


I think that somebody at 19 years old has not lived life enough to be making a decision where a 45-year-old man or a 50-year-old man or 30 5-year-old engaging with them. Right. I think that if somebody's 60 and somebody's 32 years old, that's a 20, that's a 28, 28 year gap. But the 3-year-old has experienced life more and has a, a bigger ability to practice discernment. Hence when we talked about the Drea shit, when we talked about that boy being 21 years old and we tried to get you to comment on that. You said you didn't see nothing wrong with it because the boy had amassed so much money or was at a certain place financially in his That's not what I said.


That is, that's not what I said. Okay. And I was clear on the fact that personally that would not be something that I would do. I don't understand what a 39-year-old she did say she wouldn't, I said, I don't understand what a 39-year-old woman has in common with a 22-year-old. You did say that. You said you would Never do it. I don't. Exactly. So it's the same thing. I don't understand what a 67-year-old man has in common or 70 whatever has in common with a 24-year-old woman. Let me ask you a question Out, and I use that term very loosely. I'm Beating his ass. Let me, I'm Fuck that talking. I'm not disagreeing with you. I, my daughter coming, my Daughter, All that other talk I'm beating. It's wrong on all Fronts because when you're looking at a, when you think about a guy who's looking at a 24-year-old, not a girl, there's chances are You're not a girl dad.


No. He likes to, I'm not gonna say nothing about it. My Daughter cannot. That's old ass man. My daughter cannot come with one of my friends. No. None of that shit. Nigga, nigga, they ass whooped. Get ragtag all around the house because I know that you know your child, you're 70. You know that they, they, they may could be influenced. And you know how these men who are older may get your child. Like, it's just disgusting on all fronts to me as a father, as a girl dad. And that's just what It is. Would money matter to y'all? Like if, if no, if dude was a billionaire like, or like Smokey Robinson come home and like, look, I'm gonna take care of your daughter. You know what I mean? The true when I die, you go ahead Smoketown. Money, truth, business. That's usually why somebody in her early twenties would be fucking with somebody who's in his seventies. Absolutely. Because the nigga got money. Yeah. I'm That's why it's currency. Her currency is looks and youth, his currency is fucking money.


That's True. But that's not all the way true. Oh good. The fucking Yo listen but now may charming. But in today's society that is happening Seems like a real, he seems like a real charming man Yo. Right. He personality, he's funny. Charisma. He's funny, he's funny. Hey, hey listen. The dog, the mint, some of the men in this room have spoken to the women that were 22, 23, 24. That will willingly tell you I like older. I Don don't want, ain't no young facts Older when fact say older, older than you dad. That is a fact. And It is not just because He's right, They're wealthy.


I hate all these young niggas. That's my bag. That's just the way I float. That's how I'm on It is you don't A psychological point. I think they're both true. I think what Mel's saying is true. I think there's But you don't think about it from a psychological that maybe this young lady might have been missing a father or might have been going through something or That's what mind goes. You don't think about it from that perspective. Maybe. Okay, but you Baby, everything's on on the table. Got it. Maybe I'm not discounted. There are, there are a lot of 'em. It is a lot. It's a lot of, a lot of em. A lot of lot, a lot of women. Way more than people. They Be established Too. Got we was in high school, old head niggas was outside the high school. This is nothing new. And then if you go And you No, no, stop yo 'cause niggas is saying that that ain't funny.


I curse some nigga out the other day. Oh, You right talking my house actually can, we can edit that because I don't want nigga. Look, I was praying on niggas at somebody's high. I never, I was a kid. Yeah, he was a teenager too. I Was a child. But anyway, in, in yesterday year, it was way more common. Like women were getting married at 15. You know what I'm saying? Niggas had 30, 15 kids by the time they was 35 years old. Yeah. Yeah. So that shit is different. Like, like I think that to Joe's point, damn, I just told last week I was outside. Told them, my grandfather told us his mom's passed away in childbirth. But she was 17 and his father was 41. Nigga, my mother's mother passed away in childbirth.


My mother was 13. My nigga like yo. And they had seven, eight kids. She passed away having twins. It would've been eight, nine kids niggas had 11 kids, 13 kids, 15 kids back in the day. So that shit wasn't uncommon to start having kids when you was 15. Yeah. It's Interesting to me how the age gap conversation is such, such a thing today. Like it's a real, It is a thing today. It is put on. It is putting a magnifying Glass. It's a thing today people are watching more than it was. Way more than it was. Yeah. A lot more. A lot of shit was acceptable. It's a thing when they wanted to be a thing where people that they don't necessarily like, yo, that's true too. They look the other way. True. They looked the other way. Huh? When Bill be check ain't done that to nobody.


Yeah man. I don I mean I don't think so. Well he did, he did a lot to me. Paul Spikey Made 20 years miserable. Miserable the fuck You talking about? I he hated the motherfuckers, bro. How rich is he enough? He's Not poor. He got enough poor a lot. He got enough. He rich enough to where if he say I want a 27-year-old girl to take care of me until day I die, he gonna do it. He has the money to Yeah. Got it. Yes. The the narrative on the streets is that she, he, I'm not saying this is true, be very clear. I don't wanna get sued, but I'm just saying please do. The, the street narrative is, It is probably OnlyFans situation or a, you know, a a a sugar babies, some kinda sex work situation. He got turned out. Would that make y'all see this situation any differently?


Would y'all, would, would that matter if that's The case? No, it's no understandable. Now That Makes sense. Fucking talk About nigga she did that probably why she shut that the fuck down. You know she touched that spot. We know what It is. This is for money. This is for pleasure actually. When a man gets older, yo Talk about, And that's one of, and that's one of the differences, Shane, boy. Between Shannon. Between Shannon. I'm sorry man. Yes sir. Between Shannon and, and Bill. Bill. We looking at Shannon. Yes, there's sa here, but we have a problem with where you landed on OnlyFans. I'm our OnlyFans every day. But he didn't meet our OnlyFans says to him, I don't believe that.


I don't believe that Jim shot. I don't believe a second. Get that shit. Fuck that shit lies. You landed on the wrong OnlyFans girl one Right. Two Bill Belichick has been, has 60 years of a football resume. We clowning Shannon because you was just about to hit another stratosphere. Like there's a lot more reasons why we clowning Shannon other than Okay, I'm I'm reading a little bit about this. Nah, Fuck that. Oh, Apparently the girl, her name is Hudson, that's her last name. She's gonna put out a a Jordan Hudson is name. She's gonna put out some type of statement. But she was sending screenshots of him fighting with his publisher about how the media run has been bad because they're focusing on the wrong things in the Book.


Yo, now that, now that's a conversation that should be had and shit. We got your author ass here, y'all authors, y'all go tuck y'all head away for months and months and months putting your heart and soul in the book to deliver the best product in the world. Every single time on the book press runs. They just do the messiest shit in the world and take the little excerpts and devalue your work. And now get everybody to just talk about this. Click baby bullshit click baby bullshit might be more prevalent in author Press run land than It is in hiphop. And Then does this change your opinion of how she's moving or how she is viewed because now she's sticking up for her like, I tired of shit. I'm tired of it. This is not what it's about. The book is about football or whatever the fuck the book is about together.


The book is about my life, my life through football. How now is she being taken advantage of? Or is she sticking up for this old man? She's taking care of this man. Well here's where you what I'm saying I think that's a good Set. She could be take enough For my sugar. Sure. But but here's the other piece of this from, from the author perspective, and this is happens all the time on press runs. This is why his, the publicist wouldn't be helpful to him because the, the publicist that was there on that set is the book publicist, not his personal publicist. The book publicist's job is to promote the book, not to promote Bill Belichick. Yeah. She wants all the things said. Yeah. She don't give a fuck with what they ask. Yeah. The publicist is not gonna intervene in that moment. And with celebrity books, 99.9% of them don't write the book themselves. So a lot of times on the press run as if I'm a author and they wanna, if if they wanna ask me some relat shit and I know I get on New York Times, I may be okay answering it.


But, but Bill Belichick is in a different space 'cause he didn't write the book Nor does he care about being on the New York Times back 'cause I'm rich already. Right. So he's not invested in the, in the book journey. 'cause when you, when you spend three years writing the book you want, you want to sell, you might be like to fuck out here Bill. Yo, if y'all stop selling that book tomorrow, guess what buddy? I don't believe I don. So then What was the point of having the book written? Because they gave him a check and in exchange he has to do a certain number of dates or I might just want my personal memoir to be out. We don't know where his health is. We don't Know all of that shit is, I guess like, yo, I don't necessarily, it's Interesting for somebody 5 million. Okay, fair enough to To to write and ain't read a word of it. Yeah, that's an easy, but still he has, but still the book has to like involve like a significant like his story. And for somebody who is as notoriously private as him, that's just, it's a little contradictory.


You know what I'm saying? But also he was retired at the time that this book was I'm assuming being written and Yeah. Planned to come out. So that may have been his part of his retirement plan, but now he's working again. So Exactly. Well fuck it. We're already Now I shit, now I do press, I gotta do press for it. So I'll do these 10 major outlets and Yeah, I want the people that want know about my life that wanna know about football or how football related and intertwined to my life to read this book. And I think especially because taking a 20 be private year old girl as want that. Yes. Yeah. You can be private and have That book written. I I understand a private person wanting that. Yeah. Like this is how you gonna get it because I'm so private I don't talk. So yeah, let me put this together. For all of y'all who've been wanting and having all these questions and wanting to know about my life and everything, go, here you go.


Don't ask me shit. I'm giving it to you. Leave me alone. I can go back over here and do whatever and don't bring my girlfriend into this. He might really love this girl deeply. Don't bring my girlfriend into this. Now let me, because all the media's gonna do is now slander her name. Her name gonna be in the public. Like don't but Her being on set. I still think Just getting ready to ask that. I was About to say same thing. It's not worthy because most people I interview their girlfriend stay in the green room. The only time I see people on the set is if there's a concern about something I concerned Bullshit up. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like I think she think he can't handle it by himself. He might can't. I think that might be right. And because he don't do this right. Yo funny man, you find you the right OnlyFans girl. They be caring about you yo They Be caring about your wellbeing ain't just about the fucking Amex anymore.


They care about you. That's a lot of niggas bag. The older niggas, what they do is that when they get, when they up, when they get money, they get they go For they pay like they way. Exactly. And they want you to take care of them. They put whatever they writing and, and I want you to take care of me until I go Yeah Tracy Ellis really ruined his age concept. Forget it man. No Bill ain't want that toxic femininity He fucking Terrorist over there. Bill ain't want that. You know what I mean? Bill ain't want that. Tracy s really ruined with it. We can't even talk about him Anyway. Pacino ain't want that Leonardo, they don't want that shit. I don't care. I don come on toxic femininity. Gimme That, that thing you've been like playing with the whole time. A toxic femininity. Where's that fucking ball?


Oh, Shout out To Bill. Shout out to Ashley. Shout to C suck. What? Shout to Jordan. I'm 55 years old, I ain't sucking Nothing. There you go. They go that country bar word. They go that bitch bar You what it You a crazy freak yourself. You think that women no longer want to give head after a certain age? No, I think women of a certain, I think older women. Yes sir. I'm about to answer you. I think older women back in the day don't view heads the same way that 20 year olds View it right now. Right now What you talking about age? I'm talking about? Yeah, I'm talking about women right now. What's age? So why do we keep talking about back in the, I'm talking about right now, 20, 25, 50 5-year-old women don't like to give head according to you.


I didn't say that. They just sounded like he just said it. They they fucked up. Yeah. They should be. They got, they should be cracking. There are, There are women that still older of an older era That look head say they get mad at you back of their head. No, no, no Mel, we can go there. It's women out of an older age. Look, one V one just men. We Not a I'm not versus It is women of an older age that look ahead like it's nasty. I Can't, Nigga head was nasty to us. She can't relate bro. Okay, but she's not 55 though. Read her son. Is It, is it the generation right after Mel or right before Mel Or is it like, is it the cohort of the mid forties forward Mel?


No, I think, I'm trying to get a sense of who right Before us. I'm 49. Okay, So nigga. So that's why you can't relate. It's, It is people older than you. He's saying your cohort is still down with the get down. But it sounds like he's saying the people born in the, in the like The baby boomers. Yeah. Yeah. Listen. 50 not baby boomers. Yeah man. 55-year-old. Even 50. I don't think, I don't think 50 year olds still want to get a like that. The face over. What? What do your friends do your friends do it? Same. So y y'all like that. Are your friends, like are your friends into it? Into it? Oh Jesus Christ. Yes. Yes, yes. Emphatically As a journalist, I just have to ask what are their names? We don't want, want girls that say don't want, where do they live? I don't Want you either.


I don I you get so as soon as niggas coming to, nah, I'm gonna chill. No yo. No. Right. Oh, I talked to her one. No asking. Mel told us her and her girlfriends don't really be discussing sex like that. Exactly. They discuss books and vines. I didn you want she seen. I didn't say listen, We don't have a, We don't have a fucking group chat called MonStar, but we do. What'd y'all discuss? We 50-year-old head. We talking about sex and books. Sex and books. 55-year-old head. Put that, put that in the go. Tuck that head away girl.


You guys are such, You gotta crook in your mouth. What's that? What's that noise? She's got cavities. Stop pushing my head down. Can't you Ain't like the young girls do. Girls younger, not young. Gotta grab my hair. Do that with the old granny dress on. Hey you can tuck their away to twist it away. Put, I don't even need that. Put that moo away. I'm gonna get it tomorrow. Tomorrow they, they, they ain't gotta do this. Don't worry about this. They got leg pressure. Sock all the way to they knees. Bitch I don't wanna see this. I know this group is not talking about the physical Condition of Older women.


I know this Motherfucking group Is not talking. When is the last time half of Y'all saw your dick without moving your fucking bellies out The way You up you up. Watch away. You up. I'm just saying Playing With me. Keep Fucking playing with me. You up a young fly nigga. What you want? You know what the old niggas do? What Do the old niggas Do? They pay, they they they pay the lady. Exactly. Okay. Is that what they do? They pay and that's the point we making. Really Bill Bella, Are they the same motherfuckers that are asking to go 50 50 and what women bring to the table? Those are motherfuckers Money.


Okay. Bill Belichick ain't gotta move for sure. Right. Belichick's fucking money is not every man's money. Not even fucking close to it. I know the majority of the Majority You guys stop trying to trigger Mel Exactly what you talking about. Older women don flexible nigga. Watch the fucking mouth. I didn't say nothing. They do Pilates and shit. Hey Take that. He can take that head by the stole. Turn that over. Take that, take That head and shut something Up. The older lady they say they introduce as head time. Fuck they wanna introduce time, make an appointment. You want some sex? They ask stupid questions like that. No, you want some get to it. Yo, y'all tripping man. There's a lot of women in their forties and fifties.


So the door, what you wanna surprise, you're in Mark. They're about to accuse you Up. They're about accuse You What? Everybody Iso on Mark. Let Mark and Mel do this two team, two tag team. Shit. They do. And then let's hear from people that oppose them. I'm just saying that women in their forties and fifties are still very vibrant and sexually active. A thousand percent. And as somebody married to someone in their forties, you Married so we can't respond properly. You Can't respond. I'm very happy with every part of my sex life. Yeah. Nigga. You know, but I got a lot of homies that feel the same way and I, and I also know homies that married to young girls that just lay there. That's what I'm saying. I I think it's just, I think a lot of It is who you talking about.


And so let me tell, let me ask you guys something. So let me Ask y'all Something since you Feel, since you feel this, since you feel this way about You gotta have a pillow girl nigga. I don want a girl with a pillow on their back. Can you fix this? Want that girl curse shoulder dislocate of shit. Still talking about some head Injuries in the gym, nigga injuries in the gym. Okay. And y'all niggas can barely get off the fucking couch. This is is why I keep this behind me for my lumbar spine. So let me ask y'all this since you feel that way about 50 something year old head.


You guys are gonna trade in your current girls right now for newer models when they get to that age. It's an interesting question. It's a very fucking interesting question. So answer it. Y'all go. That's What y'all coming ahead of time when I said you you I got 20 years is what happens. Yeah, I got a long time. My girl 32 Girl we talking, we already talking about marriage, right? I'm married. You're talking about we did that already. So I Are y'all gonna be trading in your girls younger models When they I'm never dream my girl.


Exactly. I'm marrying that mouth. Fuck that mouth is getting married. Oh my god. I got y'all. You crazy. I saw that trap coming five minutes ago, right? Fell Right into It. Hey, you could put that 50-year-old. You can take that shit and flush that down the toilet. Take it to the bank. Are you crazy? Lock it up. Why Mel get so mad at I'm not, I'm not mad at all. I'm not mad at all. Not even have a mouth point for you can just take your mouth off. Oh shit, I got a headache.


Better run. Get that girl that tub body girl. Shit. Fuck that. Got the Harriet. Not you, not you, not you per se, but get that girl. Yeah, we done with you girl. You couldn't even keep the one you had girl. You guys, you couldn't keep the one you had girl. You and the camera. You and the camera nigga got outta there girl because you, they don't do the tricks. Y'all not licking. What do you know? What do you know? Mr. Married man who's been married for like what, 17 years? Who has not who has not had any sexual experience with anybody else but his wife? What do you know? That's a good means.


A good point. That's a Got it. That's your attorney. Answer that though. My client's a lot Talk I'll my wife, my wife. One mic y'all one mic. My wife age fine as wine nigga. She knows the dude. We have fun and you know, my wife look judged. She's amazing and she knows to do beautiful. I I enjoy, I enjoy my sex. I'm not talking about me and my wife is not in her fifties. Okay. I know that. I know she's not Late thirties. You know what I'm saying? We not. So we not, we don't, we don't speak. They don't, I don't speak the same language but if she get there, I'm gonna work with her. If, when, when, when she there. Why do you think that her, why do think Her are change?


She was doing good right to the end. Stop. Mel is trying to talk. Stop. I'm just trying to out. Why Do you think y'all do that enough up here. That's why do, let's make space for Mel. Why do you think that? Let's give her good space. Why do you take space? Why space is really, that's Important. Why do you think that her abilities are gonna change as she, Her a ability is not gonna change at all. I can't speak to that. Listen, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just rolling with the time. Si. But I can speak about, I, I went in the type gifts and y'all didn't look like y'all was doing too well in the gifts category. Okay. Know, know what I'm saying? It's not my category. So I don you working in the nursing home before. No, they getting, oh my god. They're getting you topping in the nursing homes.


That's how you call crack. They have the and then you out. No chlamydia is really high in nursing homes. It is. He's correct. And a lot of sex happens in nursing homes. Yes. And when I talk and the old men in there, man man, that don't mean it's good sex my nigga. That's Blair the same bitch fucking whole person. You say it's just one, it's just, it's just blanching everybody. Fuck are you talking about? She don't remember she Alzheimer's.


Yeah. Listen though, that's not what's happening man. There's a lot of healthy, good sex happening over 50 and over 60 and over 70. Just want y'all to know that. No, You right. You right. Not from personal experience but from what the people in the nurse home told me. Yeah. You gotta just See that if, if you know a home girl, lemme just say you if you know a, if you know a home girl, if you know a homegirl close to 50. Right. All my homegirl's close to 50. I know we telling jokes but 50 is not old. Nah, Not old. It is not. Now that we there Right. Was only old when yo when we was 30. Like It is only old in regards to like head. Yeah. You Know a bunch outside of that Close to 52 and they can't really, they they move around bouncing around.


Nigga that shit feel like, what's that shit Sky zone nigga just, there's something missing in the department nigga and niggas at Certains we like the face off something missing. Okay. They can't really keep it. If you 50 come over with some books. Yeah. Come over with a mo move. Cut your compression socks. Uber, some food. Uber me some food With some vines around your neck. Yeah. What else you could do? What'd they do? Step on my back stand on my back at 50. You could do that. Do the little cup shit in the back. The cup? Yeah. Acupuncture. Oh, you could do acupuncture together. Cupping. You could do my, you could do my nails. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like shit like that. Yeah. Ooh. I can't wait For y'all to take like comfort shit like manicure together.


Yeah. Watch this young bitch suck my You could look, You could look Right. Ooh, I can't wait to when you 50 we gonna play this tape back. Right. Do you Think? But this conversation is not about us being 50. Yeah, No I'm just saying your perspective is gonna change on, I think you'll be like, I don want no 60-year-old head or 70-year-old Mark. This is not my perspective now. I'm just triggering mail. Oh it sounds okay. I don't believe none of this. I'm just, I don't subscribe to what I'm saying. I'm just gonna keep going until she's Going. She hits a gasket, cries, Blows, gives herself away. I'm not, I'm not. Okay. So then take and this is entertaining.


No, I'm joking. Come on. Stop It. Come on. Stop. You're wrong. Leave alone. Any who? Okay. It, it might, You think you fire on the cu cuing tip? Who me? Yeah. Come on. I'm asking. I don't Talk, I don't talk. My personal business business. Don't watch it. I don I don't talk person Business. It's just a question. I am good. What I, what what I do? I don't talk my personal business gang but Sniper position like I don Laying Down. Yeah. You can't do sniper. How you doing nigga? How you doing nigga? Huh? Yo shit on my face type nigga, you have to be suffocating you bird ass nigga.


Watch your fucking mouth. You free boy. Probably can't a Sniper s That nigga be high as hell. Or the Sniper. That nigga be Alright. Yeah. Anyway. What up, what up, what up, what up? What else we got Man? Can you laugh? Joe? That is an interesting question. Can can we just pull the room Real quick please. I love that because We talk about women and how well they perform here, but how well do y'all perform? How, how would you Assess yourselves? I was going to answer Mel when she was like, what, what, what make you think women can't get busy at 55? Men can't get busy at 55. It is a, it's a decline my nigga for everybody Evolve and that's okay.


Even the Cuney Lingus. I don't Think with that time Shit come throat. Yo. Wait, you can sit back somebody right now nigga. This shit got spots on it nigga. Yo. You got greater tongue man. Yo. You said you fell off with that tongue right There. Lemme see. I said men My nigga Man, nigga you The slipping slide of that shit. Slipping slide get loose more punch to the bowl of juice. Nigga. Fuck outta it. Stick it Out. This. Nah, if your tongue fell off, we gotta, we gotta, we gotta have a ceremony in Newark. We gotta, we gotta have horse and carriages down the street. Nigga if your fell off.


Oh shit man. Oh Yo. Nah, Remember all. So It is just saying that 55 niggas fall off every Before 50. Y'all read an article the other day that said yo niggas before 40 now mo like a huge, a nice percentage of men before 40 years old are experiencing Ed. Ed. Yeah, I heard before 40. Wow. Yeah. Slim Thug the other day was talking. Oh man, he's one of my favorite people to listen to now He's up there With shout to Slim Thug Terrance Howard. Lemme just catch y'all up 'cause I know y'all missed it. Slim Thug saw Meg Thee Stallion kept performing some of his songs.


So he said, I think she likes me. Meg at rolling loud said, I don't, I just like your songs. Slim Thug in his response video started saying, started saying Nah. On second thought, that's too much for me. 'cause Meg is a little 20 something, however old she is. And he said, I can't pop a Viagra every day at my age. So then I was taking aback. I said, well, I Said nigga, but this might be to your point, I'm like, nigga, you need a Viagra every day.


Like you ain't never going to hit him with little, that Natty Oh s around, at no point are You gonna try to just climb a mountain on The Natty tip. But What I just thought it was funny. Some girls you could look at and it just looked like too much of a headache. A long, a long deck. It just looked like a lot. I pack a lot. It is a lot going on. Yeah. Don't come over here with all that hit Hidy hop, hop dancing around. Shit, bitch. I'm kidding. Yeah, no. Holy Shit. All right, great. Great topic you guys. That was a great topic. Sure. Know how to come alive. That's telling you, tell What the streets be saying about that 50-year-old head Yo is you always stretch out like that boy.


Like that's, that's just that, that your I was talking to ice about that. Your go-to position though. He said he pay, he'll be paying for it. Why you gonna pay and work? You don't believe you putting the work at, at a certain agent anymore, but you take that. Oh nah, I don't, I don't think like that. Oh, you put work? Huh? You try your best. Hey honey, you did a little shimmy in the house in the room. It is your freak boy. What else needs our attention? Boy, that was funny. That was a lot of fun you guys. Y'all nuts? Mm All right. We're waiting on you. Tell I didn go from I Don Dunno we missed it. I'll take it upon myself. I just wanna say before we end that recently at the Millennium Tour, B 2K reunited again.


So I want to hit the round of applause real quick. Okay. Talk about getting the most outta Stockham syndrome. Kio talk about being broke. That little saint money ain't spending no more than me. That's all I keep thinking. I only want to bring this up because am Omarion no more than three months ago was on the Breakfast club saying, I do not speak to anybody in B 2K. I do not have a relationship with anybody in B 2K. And I would like to keep it that way. No. Love lost. He said that. Now I was at the last Millennium tour and B 2K was there. And I think they've done this breakup public saying They reunited quite a Few times, at least nine times at this point.


They like the fucking temptations, the bartenders that throw retirement parties. Oh, I'm leaving the game. Guess when the game come back? These niggas done came back about nine fucking Times. Guess when they come back? When they break up with the nigga? There you go. That's the reales shit right there. Yes. Fuck is you talking about? But Amari, I guess when I'm confused is Am Omarion was already on this tour. It is not like he needed the reunion to be on tour. He was on tour. So what? He just had a change of heart. What's the mother nigga's names? Didn't, he Didn't Do some show on the tour where he took the other Off Lopez Fiz. Hey, was it, didn't that happen on the last tour? Yes. I ma out, he kept my man from being on the tour because he fucking with his baby moms and shit like that.


Yeah, he was with April for a minute. It Was a lot going on. I'm just Am Mario. My bad. I Sorry. Sorry sir. My bad. Bump bump. Fuck. Did you talk about They been through so much? They seem like the most dysfunctional, not the most, they seem like one of those dysfunctional people where they, they also have a lot of trauma together and a lot of, and they grew up together and I think in the business and I think they just can't, they can't leave each other alone. And I, and they, The other ones, a lot of 'em can't get no money outside of B 2K. They can't get no money, bro. No. I get Why Fizz and RAs B and, and Jay Boo will want to reunite, but when I, I, when I saw Ion on his last 82 run, he say I'm never coming in like Joe. I'm never getting with these people again. 80 20 sir.


80 20 is crazy. But probably with what you would need to get 'em back in the building. Oh Yeah. What nigga, please. I don, I don't know if I, I don't know if I could get over somebody. Yeah. As close. What Raz did? I mean not what Raz, what Fiz did. I'm good. I couldn't get over that shit. I'm good nigga. Them niggas can get over it if the bills needed to get paid. We see we've seen worse where niggas have been completely fucked. Pause by people in the industry and then run right back on tour with 'em because the bills have to get paid. And maybe what Omar, I thought Mario was up enough on his own tour to not have to do that. But You right, You right. Alright, Well good luck. Good luck to all parties involved. I mean mind my black ass business here. Yeah, that's it.


That's it. That's it. Also, before we go, they did that a hundred day rating thing on Trump says he has the lowest a hundred day approval score in the history of all how many presidents there's been. What do you know? Shocker. Anybody Not at what a wha Wow. Wowsers would've never guessed that. What a th Sayquan. I must have a Yeah man. Four. I love sequan so I ain't gonna, I ain't going to drag him through the mud on this one. Yeah. And I love Nelly so I ain't gonna drag yo. At some point niggas gotta get used to people just having different views and opinions to each, to each his own has to be a thing.


We don't have to agree with everybody. I wouldn't go golfing with the nigga, but I ain't ain't about to slam Sequan for it. And y'all not about to do it neither when he rushed for 2,500 yards next year. Well That's why I'm not talking too much shit. 'cause I'm gonna be on his dick in about six months. Also. I want to double down my Right. Hey, big. Say big say Kwani. Oh my God bro. Fuck outta here. What? What Nigga? I'm about to, I'm about to prove a point that we made earlier nigga. That's why I got the phone wire. Fuck you doing. Also, while We on this, I want to double down. I think the Giants had an amazing draft. The Giants had an amazing day.


Two to show all Olympics. I know we got Cam, cam Skee boat, the running back, the tough, tough guy like him. I like the other O line dude. New York. Huh? Sorry he new Yorkish. Yep. Hello? New York just has an identity though. That's it. He look like One of 'em. Staten Island New York niggas. Yo. Yo yo j I'm on the podcast. Can you, can you tell these niggas he Called his son? No J not Jr. Oh J can you tell these niggas what my, my nicknames was when I was younger? Please. It was two of 'em. It was, it was TJ and his Lionheart. Thank You. We got it. Thanks J. This nigga said my, they didn't call me Lionheart when I was young.


You got it. You text J like no I don That. That nigga will fight anybody. Let's fight. He, He been up here for a few years. Ain't bust a grape in a fruit fight. Nah, that nigga fuck Up. He been up here for A while. Niggas have pressed him, threatened him, swung on him. He ain't, he ain't do nothing. Go listen. I ain't gonna hold you. That nigga been through a whole lot more than a little bit Back in the day J. Back in the day. J think I'm gonna get this nigga I love you a long time ago, like a war story. You saying watch your fuck am I when you talk on me nigga. My neighbor about Yeah Man we all scrap when we was 13. Nigga no Liar, heart they call me. Yeah, It is a funny name. You said you gonna ask Mark what was his street nickname?


Oh yeah. Mark, what Was your street name growing up? I Had a couple Ms and Alien. What? Yeah, Miz was the most common one. Miz. Miz. MIZ. Yeah. Yeah. So, and in urban America there came a moment where, you know you started putting like Miz arc, It is Ms. Arc and so people call it Riz, like, like that. And so it just became Mark became Miz. You know what I mean? Why were you the alien? Yeah, Because I had a big ass head. Oh Yeah, I had a big ass head. I looked like it was alienation in the, oh That's the case then Ice is the mega alien That that nigga Kronos the mother alien.


That nigga stop Big daddy alien. If your is that nigga. That's the final. That nigga was named the cruise shit. The light that brought niggas the be, what was that shit? Head freeze that nigga Independence day. Yeah. Oh my Lord. The light. The light I hate everywhere. Crazy. That's my man. Are y'all gonna go to your daughter's school for career day? I go to wherever they have. I never go to school. I hate that shit. I haven't. I haven't. Yes.


Your Girl dads is so sassy. Why Y'all can't just answer that? No. Yes. I just say yes. If they was to have that, I would go, No. My thing Career day, it's not really my thing nigga. I be at fucking pancakes with dad to, I'm saying if, if your daughter asked you to go Yes, a thousand percent, maybe I would. I love when you give these terrible answers and then whispers In Way to show up. I'm not really good at that. Every time I think I know what he'll say to some shit. He trying to throw like a curl. It's not my thing. I a career. You do shit because you, It is you like to, you like to talk to youth. Youth that inspire the youth and you actually have like a couple careers you could lay out. I think that shit would be dope. You Went to Gilly career day at the robbery Tree Up dancing.


I didn't go to Gilley's Career day. What the fuck Type of shit is that? You went to BestFest nigga go to career day. I didn't go there. BestFest is career day. Yo. It's a dope career Day. I've never spoken at in BestFest. Can you Say spoke? Well I know you didn't speak there. Oh Gotcha. He be walking Into, you didn't do no speaking there. We know that part. They had speakers. He bought The gold package. He was there As a Yeah. Yeah. He was there as a customer. Yeah, as a customer. Custody. Nah. Oh Shit. Yo, yo Yo. John, you know how you gotta do the work to get a Grammy? He was there just making rounds, showing his face Disrespectful.


Would you agree? Grid day? I wouldn't, my daughter Asked me. Yeah, My kid have to really ask hard. I hate, I hates the parents. I hate Why? So my answer was terrible. But your answer is they would have to really ask hard. Well You didn't specify as to why you would go No, I'm A PhD D nigga. Yeah, they gotta ask him Hard. The kid. Oh, I didn't think he meant the kids. He said, I thought he meant to school. My kid really gotta ask at all school. Oh the school. I thought he meant the school. The school. Yeah. If my, if my kid asked me yes kid you about the kid. Yes, but I'm saying they, but it would, it would, my point is I would do it for my kid, but I would hate to do it because the school, like there comes a moment and all y'all have, I'm sure been to this where the parents figure out what you do and then they just get real joke. Like they just start wanting ask for shit, want all this shit.


I, I hate talking to the parents. They want favors, they want hookups. And that's why I don't like the career day. 'cause it's the parents, the kids are fine. That's why I don't read it through my kid's school no more. I Went to my little brother's, something they was doing at their school and went up there and spoke while I was supposed to speak. But I was famous so I just had to walk in there. It was like ah. Didn't know the two years was this came down a few. This was, this is your oldest kid? No. You said you went to your brother. Shit, my little, oh shit. S like the joke rock man. I said my little brothers and this was a few years ago. I wanna say maybe four or five years ago. But they was real appreciative. I've done a bunch of up there in the Bronx. Yeah.


It's not so bad. This you could do it. Yeah man. What Career would you talk about? Would You do do the the the media career or would you do the I build houses, the real estate. Now we getting into the good questions. All other career now we getting into the real guys. What'd you say? Don't bail 'em if I did It. Yeah. Real estate construction. Mm, separate. Separate. Would You wear that's that Ish merch? I don't know. I doubt it. You could be a construction worker When you talk about real estate on other podcasts. Are you talking real estate or is it podcasting? It's both. That was the end. That what I answered.


You. Oh my god. Go. I'm listening. I don, I now have Nothing Know you got Some more shit to say. No I don't. He think you got the gun. Just wait. Yeah. Told him I told him got from early. I'm on peace with him. I got nothing. All right. We got sleepers. Some fucking real estate nigga smack the shit out real estate When you did that podcast though man. Hey you sick of him with that shit. It is real. That shit is like a scam at this point nigga. What's the scam? A podcaster.


You been out the real estate all figure. I'm not you out the game. I'm not out the real. You out the game. I'm not though. You are okay. You ain't did nothing. That's what you think. I'm telling you. No, you're not telling me nothing. You're a podcaster. Yo stop. You are a rapper. I tell to them I am. Alright. That niggas just immature yo. They look like they like kids. They It is they. Huh? It's y'all bro. I can't help you real estate shit nigga. They gonna turn the laptop. Ain't no nothing new went up nigga. You broadcasting that. Fuck you talking about Nigga. Credit score in the bottom now. Who? Bottom You. You can't get the loan.


The refi taken forever. Nigga meet up. You can't, You can't even get the refi pop you up podcaster. Nigga. I seen you on nine podcasts yesterday. No, shut up. No you didn't real estate but it's Okay. Seeds went down. Yeah nigga. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna lie. It is just fly though. That podcast that you doing. Yo, I had a couple of questions but that's fly. Like when you did it didn't Mandy and them move to like Atlanta so that means you took a flight. I was like oh this nigga is moving. You ain't put niggas on nigga I would've flew out there nigga. Oh my god. Condom Them niggas live out there. I would've came out there and flew with some contact nigga introduce you. What are you talking about? Fans You had to fly out there to go in the pod, right? No. Oh they came to you Were shot In Brooklyn.


They came to you that that's it. That's a trick. Yeah. Oh you trying to be funny. Put your little stubby hands back. The Fuck outta here. Alright man, let me see. I am going with, I would've played that Dustin Conrad record, but I'm gonna go a different vibe today just 'cause the weather is breaking. Feeling good, Feeling great. I'm with the best crew in the fucking universe. Who the fuck are they full crew? Who the fuck they think fuck they're dealing with Full crew fully. Oh yeah. All right. Ayra Starr Wizkid kid. This record is called Gimme that.


Hey God.


God. But you make me feel excited, loving only You right?


Brand new music. Ayra Starr Wizkid. That record is called Gimme that Available in your phones and on dsbs, right This very second of five Vibe News Joe Biden. All right man. It's 80 Degrees, which I always call Max B degrees. You Wanna give some of that shit? Don't put it down For you. Oh no. So brand new old music, new old music, old, old, old music. This is Max B. Blow Me A Dub Remix.


I Contemplating to The Bahamas blowing some shit bigger than my baby arms Lady off. So she comes to me for come baby Nancy, come to me for come work.


Got the nigga Buzz Pop at nigga mug. Watch the figure ride. I'm trying to see this nigga die. Die ride. I ain't giving no mercy. Baby need shoes in my niggas. It is thirsty. Thirsty lady. Want the nigga back in fucking fat. Bitch. I keep the extra Mac 10. You find me in the trap on the am in the store right next to them. Jamaican. I'm gonna shake him him take him to the basket while they lay you in Ca. I got a The might seen enough mama in the room screaming beat me up.


My brothers used to beat me up, beat me up. Chop with a he nigga you climb. I'm gonna beat you in a helicopter. I would never stop till the day I die. Even then me as the great one. Me at some real way in the drive through. You hide nigga. I'ma find you must stop behind you don't nigga come close to the wave man. Nigga, I'm man had to do my eight in the state. Man, that's an old chapter in my life. Like to break dance in back and forth. Thinking about will he ever do the, can he go to jail if he didn't really do the and the going line got his energy all up.


Nigga we ball up like that. Push ball nigga trying to take nigga the only got 20 wake up, 40 out.


Tear your face up, shoot from the waist up. Kill my brother. He was 17. Put it in his head. The would never leave. He watching over. He be telling me, max, take time. Rush your bitch. Hit me with the pussy. I'm a fucking ow.


Again, that's new. Old, old, old music. That's Max B. Blow Me A Dub Remix. Free to Boston. I too am playing old, old music. It was the 30 day anniversary of ICE's. Favorite album The infamous the other day. So I am playing. Huh? What'd I say? You said 30 day. 30 years. My bad feels like 30 days old. I'm Playing Right Back at You Out now for your life.


Or you want to get your heat. Whatever. We could die together as long as a mag ass to the essence. I don't give a fuck about my presence. I'm lost in the blocks of hate. You can't wait for the next nigga to step in me fate. I'm looking when I see you, there is no sequel. 24 7 Mac 11 is my people. So why you want little life like this? Because now you bump heads with kids. This lifeless. I live by day only if I survived the last night. Damn right. I ain't trying to fight. We can settle this like some grown men on the concrete floor. My slugs will put a stop to your hardcore ways. Action. I'll grab the ga then.


Ain't no turning back when I stop blasting, pick up the handle ing the shit back. Calm like motion of anger plans. Where got you Got the heart to get busy without your crew? Let's get on nigga. What we gotta do? You me, Right Back at You. You, you. You got the heart to get busy without crew. Let's get it on nigga. We gotta do you Right Back at You.


Out, out, out. Check Out. Fuck where you at kid? This where you from? Because where I'm from niggas pack but the big guns way nigga cut. Get stuck with the three. The sounds up. Then I'm point the finger you want beat, you got a real ice, you really real step to the hill. And I'm gonna test your gun skills because real niggas don't try to. You just a chuck who needs to get drunk to buck. Swing that bullshit this way and I'm gonna make it visit to the bridge of motherfucker.


Stay queen bridge. That's where I'm from. The place of stars going. Brodys get done six blocks in. You might not make it through. What you going do when my blazing at max around my big, what the hell smoking? What the come out face now to We on twist 30 Right Back at You.


Drop chops on his team. Whip jungle. You know what's out here. Thousands of grand surrender. Seal tight. Keep the freshness. That's how we expand surrender. Get engine on the bridge. Boy remember my Dog selling drugs and he struggling. The gang got him bugging. I try to tell him slow down cousin buddy be and niggas getting wet up in the project.


But when no jail short, he's out for his reach back. But is his brain same from the lie? We're smoking now one 18 tie. Wow. A nigga just died last week as he sworn he was going and he's a duck in the street. But it's like that. My pump cracks in. We packed neck. His eyes is wide with the resy monkey on his back. But I'm stressed and he need to be black with a fry pack. Don't even go there because it ain't like that. Slow down baby. He said what you trying to play me? You must be crazy. Pull out the heat and no more. Didn't he sway the shot? Must gave me Doug selling drugs bus stuff. But he ain't crazy.


It is Right Back at You Mobb. Deep Ghost Ray. No. Classic, classic, classic, classic, classic chefs. What they know about that fucking right freeze. They know about fucking rip freeze. They know about that. That's good. That's a dodo Ish. I still can't believe that. It's crazy bro. It going but go ahead. Yeah, I'm going to old music too. I'm playing Mario. Friend of the show Drowning. Never Thought I to you.


The truth I could get used to because even with two playing, I didn, I'm so close to you.


Is Mario Drowning? Drowning without your love Drowning. When you are away from me it feels like I'm under water and I can't swim. Feels like I can't even breathe without you. When you out of town and I'm alone feels like I'm Drowning. Y'all just come home. Just come home. That's it. Home ain't even home. None of the houses I build, It is home. None of them feel like home. It's just doors without you. Doors And the great words of Luther, the house is home. House is not a home. Look even Mel know that one is. Come on, come on. Wake up buddy. Wake up over there. Hey Mel. What you playing for us Today? I am going to play a new single by Leon Thomas and Halle Bailey.


It's called RATHER BE ALONE. And it said Hall Berry unfollowed that Beyonce page. I'd RATHER BE ALONE. RATHER BE ALONE. I RATHER BE ALONE Trying To do this that fucking You are.


I'm thinking all The thoughts.


It is RATHER BE ALONE. Leon Thomas, Holly Bailey. Holly Bailey. Why is that? They put the button where you can't. I just wanna see who produced it. You gotta get out. You got the nine s right? What? I don't This is a Big iPhone. The screen is small. Got the Nine money to make the old people font come up Them drums. Sound like the drums that the fucking white demons and sinners was dancing. Yeah. Yeah it Did. A little bit. Did sound like that. Yeah, that's the bop it had. Yeah, that shit is fired though. We fucking with real singers now Mark, I went with old music too. Feeling some some like a hip hop hit today.


So I went with from reflection Eternals album Just Begun featuring J Electronic and j Cole and most def. Oh yes. I like A, a Lot of pressure on this from the entry. You know I'm so influential because I'm glowing like a kindle. The focus is so essential. Do what you're trying to get into. A steady to flow. Ready to blow. Like snotty tissue. They snitching like Doty rasco and camera like Monty Crystal. The ghetto full of betrayal. Like Yago win. Your fellow neighbor was play or smoking like cigars. Police want that in for the like Portobellos and murdering instrumentals because the rep with the conscious of his killers and monsters.


So we're feeling the honor of still fulfill the promise some and kill him with kindness. Muhammad you more like Ana. All this is probably karma. You Dishon the father was God, almighty. Almighty. We followed the prophets like Islamic. The Dalai Hollow could probably yama the of people. Smile on my face. Tears of a sad clown feeling out a place as I whistle a cab down. If I tip extra, can IHA sig blow my smoke out the window dropping ashes on the bridge. I'm in New York now like Akeem and semi was trying to get the lobby door open from a semi bus. I just wanted to go to the slum and throw my money on the floor like the notorious bomb.


Build a home teacher class, start a revolution. Free mind, heal of body talking evolution. This that black Elohim Anki rap. That fabric rap. I dedicate this to my niggas in New Orleans. Rocking black and gold stocking cap. Shockey hats. I'm in the CO from screaming who thatt on the devil serving gumbo with Ahe Dogg. I'm on another level. We come together like two pieces of metal. We magnetizing the Ghetto. Yeah. Now here's the memo. I'm a rebel without a cause. A better without no flaws and short you straight at you look way better without no draws and sweat out this alcohol bet I'm about to ball and never let up. I just crept up without applause. Fed up with all the frog and let y'all without a, the center of attention.


Mrs. Clever. I'm really, I'm LeBron. Really don't got my mind on this new school of rappers. I really go call Bond and th the boy you know Ima shine. Flo is in Ramadan because couple years ago the game had they pajamas on but now they ain't on my dick. Man. I should throw a condom on. Hey 'cause a nigga come in raw like I ain't got one on and I ain't stopping Noco no please. I just locking low squeeze dog. I'm on our higher level. I'm on top of nose. Please nigga say they sick but when they rock they don't sneeze like that nigga on the block Blackford. Some weeks please. So hold your uploads into the ceremony and yo truly, truly vest Super Africa.


Deborah, master Jim Blacker. I roll hat with the long barrel and a fresh harbor light shining out the black power grid with the black power grip and pure power. Don't power. Push the cellar ceiling up and make the tower tip the Gladwell point. Babylon. All about where it's all about the dollar. And man she's on the line. Shaky. Market the devil at the dance hall. Thirsty for partner. Get off him. There is not a parcel of or a measure of a fortune. More Awesome. The funky four horsemen. And one more with high tech on the score. Once more. Of course you welcome.


Thanks. Appreciation for your participation. Special dedication. Celebration. It's Just Begun. Reflection. Eternal Ty Libman high tech. Most def j Cole and JL lack. Yeah I played that record before. That's a great record check. Cole went crazy on him. Old niggas JLL spoke That one the best. I thought. I think JLL killed that J LX spoke. I think he ate that shit the best. But pause. Pause. Yeah that's crazy. That was wild. Shit's crazy. Cole worked too though. Cole got busy but I think it was JLX for me but deep. Yeah.


Why? Why ain't looking all stupid in the face? Nah, I was just laughing at Ish. See j Cole smoke them old niggas. That's what he said. Oh man, that made me one of here looking for trouble. I can't take Ish opinion on rap too. Seriously. He said something to me that it's a little out of bounds. What's, hear it? What'd he say? I didn't even hear it. I Can't even what was that bad? What'd you say? Hear? Well guess, guess what You say can't even, he remember don't you play within the lines you would've jumped in that for right there then what would've happened then? What would've happened? I don't know. Four niggas smoked. I don sound like four niggas smoked to me. Okay, What you saying that was so crazy per You said fuck he talking to nigga.


Definitely Be that safe. I don Know who the the fuck you think you told. He would've got a couple of them outta that sip boy Andy. He, I think he'd have got most of them outta that sip. 'cause some, you know how you know Joe got His list. No, that's true too. He might put a little extra sauce on. All right. I don't even know if you woulda could have rode that beat like that. Maybe he got, maybe not the world. Never know. The will never know. That's why retirement is beautiful. You ain't gotta do something you did already. You ain't gotta answer nothing. You ain't gotta do nothing you did already. You know what I mean? You ain't clean them up. Huh? You cleaned them up before I cleaned everybody up? No, I cleaned everybody up. You ain't clean up that J that that that Who? No, it was to a couple niggas I didn't clean up. Okay. Most niggas I cleaned up most of the times I appeared. It was like the boogeyman was there. You pulled the boom out Sometimes.


Most of the times I was there it was like the boogeyman was there. But I don't have to do that anymore. Gotcha. You right. I did that already. Right. These guys are crazy. I'm Not saying that but I can, I can't swing back 'cause then it look like I'm playing dirty. Like What would be your swing back? I can't, I love him too much. Can't say nothing too much hypothetically. Yeah. Well what That would be hurtful. Okay. All right. Can't hypothetically hurt your friend but then that causes real feelings. You can't, there's nothing hypothetical about feelings. Okay.


Thank you Corey. Wrongest Wrongest Wrongest Time.


The Wrongest Wrongest. The Wrongest Wrongest. This Song Wrongest? No You gotta let the ho. Alright. Who never heard this song Ice Me Ice? I tell You right now around that shit real quick. I'm like what the fuck are they singing? You've Never heard heard this song before you And it's all acapella Be a music podcast. Thank you. Thank God It is Personality podcast Voice nigga come out. He go crazy. He goes nuts. Mel. I don't know anything. Billy Joel Black. I didn't even know it was Billy Joel until I shaza Fuck with.


But this is a white boy. What that got to do with shit? I don't know That record. Wait and I wasn't knocking. You said you don't know any Billy not Lawn any black song Uptown Girl. You Uptown Girl. You know Uptown Girl. Oh my God. Where Bruce Spring? I don know any Billy Joe. You have to know up. Come on Uptown Girl, you've Heard it in movies. Wein Start the Fire.


You know that High Voice nigga, that's Billy Joel too. You know he do all the parts. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, that's what makes us on You do all the background and percussion. You do everything. You never, you probably heard the drill version. Yeah, for sure. We Yo, yo. King Barm made this.


He shoot him. Yo. Now Little Dirt got a version of this bro. You got jacket? Alright, Keep us in your prayers each and every last one of us. Don't you forget. Not a fucking soul. Please. Until next time, keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do Farewell Adio. Sirva DTA A watch so longer For The Wrongest Time.


Freeze Up bitch. Sing this shit with us man. Fuck This shit. How the fuck you never heard Billy Joe? We had a ride on Freeze. No and got 77,000 songs and a whole memory. Got a lot of songs and took 21 Savage off of the Drake album. Nigga listen to Billy Joel and took you off NBA And off of We didn't ask you that Fo and Flex. Nobody asked you all that. You Got taken off that one too. It is an app you use nigga. Alright man. Y'all the damn it's A long ass song. Yeah, this is back when songs used to be like four minutes.


Yeah. A real song. Oh shit. Alright. Freeze. You know The Temptations right? Freeze. Of course. Ooh Yo. Is anybody doing anything really, really, really fun this week? You know this song. Is anybody doing anything really fun and interesting this week that we can explore exploit in the future for entertainment purposes? Hey anybody? Anybody out there? What y'all doing? Huh? Fight hitting the car wash. Hitting the gas station. I'm going to the fight. Going to the fight. I definitely Gotta go to the car. Wash you up. The birds disrespected my shit. Shit green now. The birds went to wall my shit.


I left my shit. My tree walls gone. That Shit is nigga the poll and got my shit looking. I green. I left West Shit for three days. Intri. That's what that shit came back. I'm gonna drop my shit off tomorrow and pick it up later on. Detail it like it needs all that. Now you get A new spare. I already did that. I already did that. A new vehicle? Yeah. You went and bought a new tire, you went to Poppy or nothing? I went bought a new tire. I don't play around kids being From the deal or for, from Elizabeth. Like from the side shots throw down. Huh? Young bro. You Grown down what you know niggas used to do from Shea Stadium? Nigga? Nigga bought a $40 Chumpy. Yep. $35 tie Again. Congratulations to the Knicks. Go Knicks really ashamed.


Jar Jack didn't get a chance to call us back for the first time since the series started. He didn't call us. He didn't call us back. But he's with us in spirit. Of course. Yes sir. Shout to all the fans out there. Shower. Watch him film yo. All the patrons. All the athletes out there listening this playoff time. Hey Wait minute. Glad we ain't talking about the Lakers. Well I mean do you have anything that you wanna say about the Lakers? What do you think about JJ Reddick playing the starters in in the entire second half? I think the Lakers from one to 12. It's a bad team. It's not a really game. It ain't No choice.


It ain't really, he has a choice 'cause that's a part of coaching. You gotta, you gotta, I mean they Would've lost if he didn't do it. You gotta get, you gotta get, maximize your players. I think that's something that great coaches do. They'll take a nigga that you never heard of and in the playoffs them niggas will get come to life. Listen, JJ Reddick for me is also in the coach of the year discussions. Yes, It is also his first rodeo. So I'm not gonna kill him too much. I think he did a great job getting you all the three C. Maybe y'all overachieve. I thought y'all had a good shot to make the, make these Western conference finals, but fuck do I know. So With everything that's left, what do you have? Who you have coming out to East. You have Oh, conference finals both sides.


Cleveland just smacked Miami by 60 last night. Yeah. Yeah. I looked at that Shit like this smack them other niggas by 55 the other night. So they look like the real deal. It still go Knicks for me. Boston is injured so I'll wait to see how that goes. But we get an injured Celtics team next round. I love their head coach. I love Jason Tatum. I love the black players. I love that they paid black players so shout to them man. We'll see. We'll see what happens. I still gotta Go to state in the western finals man with with OKC. Ooh. Winning. That's my dark horse. It's hard to bet against. I mean OK C's a much better team. Just Deep bro. They deep. Yeah I got, okay C, They got 10, 11 jokers that they could just throw in an interchange.


'em and they all play D and they all could Shoot the three. My heart wants Golden State. If go state is healthy, I think they can give 'em a run but I don't think they gonna stay healthy. Shout out to Evan Mobley our defensive player of the year. Man. Let hit round of applause. Lemme make a round of applause for him. Well deserved. Well deserved. Good defensive. Stop by Draymond the other night. Shout to him. I think he was in the finalist for defensive player of the year. What? Nothing. You good? What you got going on this week? Anything? Nah. Well maybe just working, being outside, getting to it. Alright. In the broadcast man. Don't worry about it. Yo, just get to the, just get to the y'all. Hold it down. Keep each one of us. Positiv Highlighter. Huh? Positivity. Highlight. That's right. Thank you. That's my middle name. That's my middle name.


Keep us in your breath. Lord knows. We need to be there Until the next time y'all hold it down. Have a good week. Enjoy this good weather. Be kind. Be kind. Try that for a change. Yeah. Let that mean shit. Go for a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. That ain't, it ain't about nothing. It is overrated, man. Be kind, be loving. Be warm. Healing health. Happiness and ho. You gotta have a hose.


Daddy. You've never heard of Joe Bud. J-B-P-J-P without the.