
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Okay, now we're recording. What were you saying, Mel? Well, I'm reading a headline. You said Who's Pitch for? I said Who's pitch for, because Who is that? I Don't. Okay. I don't who the Fuck that Music magazine Pitchfork, Apparently.


I just wondered if they are a credible source. They've Been around for a while. Okay. Our whole careers Pitchfork is weird. All right. Suck Dick. People like you. I don, what did I do? I just, I'm starting to, you asked if they were Credible. I'm saying yes. No, you've been, I've been You Right? Yeah. You've been on my ass. Pause. Okay. Yeah, so pause. You've been on my ass. Pause, buddy. That was the most Boston. Pause. Watching Pause, Mr. I was just reading the headline that says, Lil Wayne's, the Carter six album gets 2.9 rating from Pitchfork. The album is criticized for having disposable beats and lack of creative guidance.


Pitchfork is where people like you go to get some culture. Hello? I didn't even know it existed, But what do you think about that? It's, I think the critique sounds a little bit like what you guys were saying up here. So maybe they got their critique from listening to the Joe Biden podcast. Mm. Wouldn't be the first time. Why? It Wouldn't be, wouldn't not be the first time. I'll tell you that. All right. What's up? We here? What's popping? What's up? What type of mood are we in? Come on. I'm just asking. It's fryer. Yes, It is Fryer, whatever that is. I'm in a, I'm usually at home right now.


Mood. Going to the gym. Yeah, exactly. Well, I certainly appreciate you being here. Yes. We feel lucky and blessed. Flip is out in Highly Favored. In Highly Favored Brother. Ice is out. They are both here with us in spirit. Indeed. Salute to them. Suddenly the show is more marketable. Shit. Hey. Hey Bo. Catch this billboard shot. That is a joke. That's a joke. You are an asshole. It is a joke. Scott can't help him. So I can't. I can't. I can't. Alright man. I'm here to have a good time and I'm here for a good time.


Not a long time. Shout to all of y'all out. Here's the weekend, big man. Yeah. Father's Day weekend too. Nick ain't playing Father's Happy Father's Day. Fathers and I'm a Father Antoine. It's Father's Day weekend. It's a big deal in my house. It is a big deal in yours. Put your blistex on my G. Yeah, I'm Chill. I'm so mad that he still uses Blistex too. Wow. He a badie. He's not No, he's he's not. This ain't Baddy shit. That shit, shit. He got is baddy shit. Yeah, that's true. You do got that. That's some that shit trash. He should have outgrown that. No, I used Ago. I used to and then I went back. The old Faithful, the other shit is, is just for sure. You think people are showing out even on the lip balm too. You Got glamor lip.


Glove. Lip. Lemme See your lip balm. You got designer lip balm. My lip balm is in a case that I purchased off Amazon myself. You lucky You got home many B Yeah. This you lucky. This can't be for the show. You lucky. Come on now. The other One, your big ass canister. That's like the size of a credit card. Like the Roses. The rosebud. Yeah, the Rosebud, Sephora. Rosebud he's talking about. But I like the, I like to experiment. I know you do. I don't like the, that blist that. Come on man. Nah, let's excited man. I'm Ignoring him. Yo, You do it too. Yeah, I'm ignoring him. See, that's inexcusable. What for a black man to moisturize his lips the same way the white, you sitting there thinking you found a friend.


I, I'm looking at it like, yeah, all Make race wars over Lip ball. I don't think that's, yo, what's wrong with, I mean, I think that's just a fact. So if Parks used the rosebud shit that you use, He wouldn't use that because he doesn't have the use for it. Well, he don't have lips. His lips are white. I, that mean they don't get Shot. They're not black lips. I don't know what that means. Pardon me? They Lips look about the same. That's working. Now that I'm looking. Don't look at my lip. Well, listen, listen now. We've been trying to tell this one for a little while now, but he always wanna go back to his route.


All this black people in my family somewhere. Hey brother. That's what I said somewhere. We never met him. My brother. I Don Dunno. I don Dunno Crazy. I don dunno stupid. I call him every Thanksgiving. He don't answer somewhere around here. Every Thanksgiving fool, Mel, the streets that I turned on you. Yeah. And so for this entire episode, I just wanna say you got my back arm in arm. Oh, I thought you were gonna shoot at her more. No, not at all. I don't want there to be any confusion. I love that solidarity. Okay, I'm gonna sprinkle some silence in and then ask Mark if he's sure about that and remind him. Yeah. The group chat about our group chat call is Snitch not even dry.


Snitching snitch. Well, he didn't say what the group, what it said. Oh Yeah. We'll get to that. Don't worry about it. No, no, no, no. What's what goes on in the group chat stays in the motherfucking Group chat. Oh. So you're not publicly standing behind Your position, whatever that is. No one. No one. You looking real guilty though? I just want to know. There's no way know who we're Talking about this. This is a look of shock and disgust. Disgust collectively. I you rat on yourself. Wait, my, I wasn't never talking to you. I'm talking to him. That's fair. You raise A great point. Do you stand by your initial I will support Mel through and through. Yes. Only because I never thought that she would publicly say Yeah. That I never, she was, I didn't think she would stand by. Oh, she ain't saying that. Her group chat. She ain't saying that. I know she's not saying that. She ain't whispering that. No.


So yes, I got you back. And if by she rearranges her, she, I don't even know if y'all Talking about, but if by chance she Does. She's not. I'm going, If she does come out, Fuck that White flag. Exactly. Oh man. Oh man. I'm going this guy. Yo. All right man. It's the weekend bird vibe still in effect. Oh, you ain't gotta say word keep. I'm on my glow. Real. I'm on my Memphis shit and I'm done letting y'all shame me out of my appreciation of Big Boogie. I absolutely love Big Boogie. And every time I say it, one of these East Coast niggas start tripping. I don't give a fuck now.


Love It. Like my ex is the way that I, my shit. Is it the way that I glasses met him on set. Okay. By 15 bought me a pack. I be hard. Bitch. Check one, two, two. Check one, two Up out there.


Wherever you might be listening from By getting money out there. Everybody At the car wash everybody on vacation right now. Said he. Where did you hear that song? Whoa, whoa, whoa. Heard that song. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You don't have to. Whoa. That song Shave my Pussy. Looking like Steve Harvey. Let's, let's try it one more time. I'll give you one guess as to where I could have Baby.


Get your ass up. Stand up, bend over. Stop being lazy. See, already you talking to the bitches that just stand there on the phone. He just talking to 'em before the verse even starts. One guest, The ladies, The ladies. Shout all the subgroups out there on Theros out there. It Is an extravagant. Yeah. Make that pussy qui. S that puss locked hurt.


She not friendly. Uhuh. She go home and work. She Up in out there, Sleep there. My body. All the fathers out there. Happy father's dad. Ain't It? Is Auntie, she like, boo you bad boy. You make me Five.


I ain't got no nigga. And no nigga ain't got, if he right here with nigga, Shout everybody at right now. All entrepreneurs out there, all eight listeners up, up, up. Nigga my bitches, my socks and all that Twitter typing. Bitches see me in Ain't do nothing. Watch.


I put some biker short. I'm showing off my al I'm Feeling good. I'm Off. Why not Bitch, I'm from Memphis. What you know about me? Big G-L-O-A-G-L-E. 50,000 New Chanel Shop Spree. And every time I pop out, you know IATE. Hey, hey, I'm that beach hoe. Gee, like me knows why. WR Big C, small nigga Tall.


We got a great show lined up for you today, I'm sure. But first I'm outside again. Bitch, I hate home's giving hurt ank. Keep this applause going for the best crew in the entire universe, right quick.


You get these drops out the way. We got a great show lined up for y'all today. Excuse me. Excuse me, sir. I'm sorry. I have to wake you. You a doctor. What? That Poisoning. Poisoning. Poisoning Parks. What episode is? Oh yeah. And Mel is here. Y'all and Mel, big Mel up in this bitch. Y'all know the vibes. Legend from the six You already know. Stop playing. What episode is this? 834. Welcome to episode 834, the Joe Button podcast.


The eight hundreds are really heating up.


This is brought to you by Powered, by Fueled by PrizePicks PrizePicks game. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, highly favored. Happy to be here, fully dressed. Host your button here with some really amazing people.


The big Melyssa Ford is in the building. Who? Who? Stop playing with a big king Wawa's in the building. That's that Ish right there. There he is. There he is. That is that Ish. That's him four years. During the intro, he still just give us the resting Ish face. Nigga. Say hello. Say hi when I'm souping you up, man. Goddammit. Our good brother. Dark Lamont. Mark Lamont Hill is in the building Parks. King Meyer is here. Paul is here. Corey is here. Erickson is here. I don't know who else is in the room with Erickson Last, but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys are here. Avon and Tanana here by Ram remote Avon. It is quiet over there. I ain't gonna wake it up, but it's a little quiet. I don't like how peaceful, how peaceful that went.


We'll talk about it. We'll talk about it later. How's everybody doing, man? What's up? What's popping? What's popping? I'm Feeling great, man. What happened to your elbow? Oh, Mel, what ad is this today? Better question. Better better way to put it. Yeah. What, what? What's today's ad? Mel, you got tennis elbow. I do. I didn. Do you playing tennis? No. Surprisingly enough. You don't have to play tennis to get tennis elbow. What were you doing that was like this? I don't know. I would like to fucking find out. I would like to find out. But I will say that certain activities are a little difficult right now because of this fucking elbow. I can Imagine. Yeah. So yeah, I got some physical therapy. So this is KT tape. Yeah. This shit is annoying.


It is very annoying. But it's, but You just put it on before you started working. I, so it's like, is that a thing where It's been on for You use it on camera. It's been on for She didn't have this little book bag on before. No, she, the thing on her arm is different. What's that's, I didn't even See that. This Is a posture pal. Oh Yes. Oh, I, I have one though. It's back. I Have one. Well, it's for my Povi. It's for my posture to like, it didn't Do great. It don't, that shit don't work. Yeah. Yes it Does. My posture's still trash. Well, you Gotta use this often. You used It before. I used it before too. It didn't work. Y'all two are 50. However y'all stand and walk. That's, that's it. Absolutely not. That's how It is. You Can remedy it. Yeah, Exactly. I didn't find that to be So, you know, when we look down at our phones, we develop what's called A hunchback.


Th Thoracic kyphosis is the actual name for it. But yes, hunchback Big dog. Did I introduce anybody? You, you did. Okay. What you fucking Asked. So, okay. Thank God no Parks to asked. How long you gotta wear all that though? I wear this like once, you know, every day like for about an hour or twos. A four week run. Probably for about a month. We gotta talk about it. Be seen outside in it. Thoracic Marus For sure. Who the, the fuck is she fooling with that? I'm just, I'm, we look down at our phones and develop this arch of thoracis. What the fuck? Alright. That's funny. Y ladies and gentlemen, where would you guys like to begin?


I'm okay with starting with the Mark Lamont Hill Mace video review. If you want to. Same because I had my phone. I had my phone off. I wouldn say I had some people, some people over. Not the rapper Mace. Right? Yeah. I didn't realize the video was on the web and I wasn't looking at the web that day anyway. But my friend shows me the video and I gotta tell you, I had a laugh for a while and I'm sorry I feel bad that I laughed at your pain, but it was pretty fucking funny. I laughed at a few different pieces. I didn't laugh at the mace piece. I laughed at a couple different other Like, wait, she was tackled. That was funny. But for those that don't know Yeah, nobody Knows what you're Talking about. In January, what happened was, in, in this last episode, which y'all should listen to, we talked about security and need and security and I mentioned matter of factly that I had had security issues before and that I had been pepper sprayed at an event.


These jackals found that hilarious and went on a joke spree. But in the midst of that, the fans decided to go and find this video And they sure Did. And they found it like 30 minutes after. I'm sorry it took that long. Right. And what was crazy, it's always been there. That's what I said. It wasn't like we uncover the Video said, you said No, it's out. It's It's out there. It's, it was all my bookstore webpage. It wasn't like I, it wasn't a hidden, it was there, it's been there for a year and a half. It just didn't matter. So they uncovered the video. They took the minute and a half of, from the moment the woman introduced herself, thanked me for being a member of the community, mentioned that the CIA was after her and, and, and then Pepper sprayed me. And then I'll let y'all take it from here. 'cause I I'm sure the joke Baton iss about to get passed.


But I do have a question though. Off, off that, off that intro is when you put it on your website, how were you like advertising this? Like what was the marketing plan there? This was, this was the Martin Luther King Day symposium at my bookstore. Okay. And so this was like a two hour symposium. This happened at, obviously it was the last question. And so it was just, it's been on the website the whole time. But You could have clipped that out. No, I didn I wanted there to be a living record of this in case something were to ever happen. Later on somebody could say, well what happened? And then people tell their own stories. And honestly for the last year and a half, not one person's ever mentioned it. Yeah, You stopped saying that though, because you mentioned it.


That's one of the funnier things about this to me. So I don't want you to keep taking a sting off of what I Oh, You don't do your Thing. Don't try to come in. Don't just lay it all out. Leave some there. Leave Some there. I find it funny that he was promoting it on his own website. Oh, oh, promoting it. Yeah, he's actually work. I was promoting the event. I mean, again, most people don't get to our two or three of, of a video clearly. 'cause again, nobody has said it. Not one comment in the comments up until yesterday said, sir, It Is a few different ways that I found is funny. One Mark is a genius master manipulator manipulating the algorithm. That's true. And the podcast airwaves. That's true. So miraculously, when he tells a story, he goes home, leaks the video Right.


Of himself As as a pre-written reply. They also happen to find the Denzel Chance pick from outside with Denzel pointing the chance like It is famous. So I'm getting a little sick of Mark's little algorithm game. I like it. Love it. For one. I Love it. But I Love it. It's dope. And on the flip side of that, there is, yo, I laugh with my girlfriend so long. I said babe. Oh she's on my list too. This video has been out for a year and no, none of us found it. Peeped it. This would've been funny last month. It would've been eight months ago. Whatcha talking about nine months ago. That is called Evergreen. Yes. This is funny. That is evergreen. This is funny. Forever. This Video is just hilarious for so many reasons.


You're restrictive. Jeans Nigga, the nigga looked like somebody threw him in some water and he couldn't swim. Yeah, he looked like when my Tahoe died. What? My jeans, I was trying to figure out why he was flailing like that. I'm thinking it might be the jeans. Oh, That nigga looked crazy. Yo. There was none in his way, but a chair and a curtain and that had him Sit to Stumped. Oh, The stage itself was even a little bit funny. Yeah, a little stage. It was at a middle school. It is.


So the niggas telling they was at a middle school, yo, he told the lady, ma'am, ma'am, could you please ma'am? He looking at the security like, yo come ma'am. Yo ma'am ma'am, please ma'am. I'm like, yo, why you telling the lady to stop? It Felt scripted. I'm not gonna lie. It popped a little bit. That pepper spray feels scripted. I'll tell you that. You Took it like a G though. Pause. I I've been pepper sprayed before, but you know You didn't Even go put some water on your face or nothing. Oh, I You sat back down and got back to it? No, no. There, There was a moment. There was a moment where your whole, you know, non-violence kind of mantra left you 'cause you look like your foot Back up. I, I wasn't, I wasn't gonna bring another Up.


Went back a little bit and then you were like, whoop, nope, I wasn't gonna bring it up. Nope. Sometimes To treat this person with compassion, Sometimes you have to kick the weapon away from the person to make sure that you know if there's a gun or you don't want to keep it there. So you kick it away. He Does trade in martial arts, so Yes, we didn't See that. Yes, we didn't see it at that point. Yeah. I, I didn and also It is, you should like, 'cause you would've the same problem right now. I had my, my achilles had been ruptured so I couldn't run. That was also my thought. You Couldn't stand up, you couldn't. Nothing. I, I, if somebody came right now with something, I wanna see you try and get up and run as you Brother Mark, we we're not trying to make sense of you. I forgot where I was. You clearly looking for the logical explanation.


Oh man. Oh my God. I might, I might look a little cooler. Yo, I ain't, I don't know if you would. I might not. It actually might be funnier for this year. I'm gonna try to put my cool damn girl. You just going. Damn girl. It's crazy. After you get pepper Spray, I can see why the pepper spray people updated to Bear Mace. Yeah, For sure. Yeah, for sure. For sure. That shit was Not effective. Yeah, that thing. He ate that shit. Yeah. Yeah, he did. Oh yeah. I ain't feel that when I, I couldn't see shit when I came back. You see Face down there on that stage. I, I don't remember that but I know I couldn't see shit. And then I tried to, I had milk and I do all the things You do. Yeah. Milk shit because, you know, being the Palestine, being in Fergus, I know how to rinse my eyes out. I cleared my eyes out and this took the hoodie off.


Then taking the hoodie off got me, I maced myself. Then I went to make a phone call to call my brother and I forgot there was mace on the phone. So then I mace myself again. So for like an hour and a half I was just stinging the shit out myself was Then this guy takes to x You like Tyler Perry on the low? Oh no, he got poetic. He got poetic on him. Then he takes to x to, to beautifully lay out not only what happened but the steps that were taken afterward as he's working with her family, her and her family for restorative except resolve restorative. This justice, restorative Justice. Ho what's wrong with that man? Mark LeVar you Be you. I did. That's, that's like papa on the beach with the footprints.


Man. Can I read it? Do you mind what happened? Please, please, please. I'm fine. Everyone. The video Nobody asked. The view was cool nigga. No, you didn't ask if I was cool everybody I got like 50 because everybody thought it happened yesterday. Yeah. So everybody was texting me like, yo, what the fuck are you okay. Minister Farhan ministers hit me up like, yo, do you need FOI down There? Did your black effect group chat hit you? Yeah, a lot of 'em did Angela, Ryan and Them. A lot of 'em did. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of 'em did. Okay, I gotta step it up. The video idiot. So The video of me being pepper sprayed is was from January, 2024. At the time the attacker believed that I was part of a conspiracy along with the CIA Mumia Abu Jamal and the president on bu Jamal to cover up traumatic events from her childhood.


Since then, after refusing to press charges, I have worked with her family and community members to enable a restorative process. Through the process, I have learned that she did indeed suffer significant childhood abuse as well as serious mental health challenges that continue to this day instead of criminal prosecution. I have done my best to make sure that she received social and mental health support to help her heal as best as possible. You, you walk the walk was you talk the talk, you walk The walk. What was done, what was done to make sure that she was wrong. Make sure she was wrong. Yeah. You Held accountable for being wrong About you participating in some type of coverup. Did we do the due diligence on that? She no longer thinks that you are part of a CIA conspiracy?


Yeah. Well first 'cause she had sent me this email like, like weeks earlier. It is asking me to help her with this. She was like, you, we never, she basically, I don't know you, but like, can you help me? And when I didn't answer the email, she then said, well if you didn't answer the email, you down with the program. That's what she told the police. He was, I I figured he was down with it. Once she took her meds, she, she realized I wasn't part of a conspiracy along with Joe Biden and Mumia at Bo Jamal to cover up, you know her, what happened to her? She was, it really happened to her. I don't doubt that. I know it happened to her. You know, she was part of an organization in Philadelphia. Not one that I was a part of. Oh, This is a rival cult Century. No, No. I see what's going on. No, no, No, no, no. I wanna be serious just about this part just because I don't, because there's some, there's people involved.


She was part of the MOVE organization. Okay. And in the last two or three months, there have been, or two or three years, there have been some allegations that some of the children in move have been abused and they've come out and talked about it. And what she was trying to get. She knew that I did a, I had written a book and done a podcast with Mia who was covering move before he was incarcerated. So she was like, can you help me tell this story? And when I didn't respond that that triggered her. I didn't know all of this at the time that she's doing this stuff. So I'm like, you know, I I I was just fucked up by it. I I didn't understand what was, what was happening. And so she definitely knows I'm not part of it. Now the police, they've asked me, they kept asking me to come down and prosecute. I was like, no, no, no, I'm not.


I wouldn't show up. And then I finally got ahold of the DA And I said, I will participate in getting her mental health support instead of prosecution. Not in addition to prosecution. And that's what we worked on. Her family called me. Her parents called to apologize. We worked through it. You know what I mean? What was crazy though was after she pepper sprayed me, we had an event the next month with Joanne Reed. She called the, she signed up for that one. She RSVP'd for that one. Oh shit. You showed up? She, yeah. Did she Come in? Oh, I showed up. Did she? No. You showed up Deep. No, I showed up. I had one thing with me. Keeps that to yourself, brother. You got It. My, my scripture. I know, but the point 'cause 'cause what you don't know is when that shit happens, you don't know if they're gonna bring somebody else. You don't know if there's or something else. Or something else. You know, if you're gonna get shot, like I, because now I'm looking around you Joking.


But that shit was, that shit, shit was, Boy, that's a big part of why I left Philly too. Not that, but just the idea that I'm too accessible to people who can mean me harm and I don't know it. Like she could have walked up to me on the street. She was the last question. I actually said No, everybody like, let the sister get her question in. Had I not done that, that could have been outside and it could have been with a knife. Like you just don't show. Yeah, for Sure. For Sure. You just don't know. So that's why Minister Farrakhan had, had, had reached out to me maybe the two weeks before that event and had said, brother, you have a bookstore, right? And I was like, yeah. He was like, and you go there by yourself. And I was like, yeah, I wanna be close to the people. Like, I don't ever want people to feel like they can't reach out to me. They can't ask, they can't shake my hand.


They can't get a hug from my brother. They can't. And he, he was like, you can do all that, but like get security. Do it with security. And that's the same thing. Stack bundles used to say rest in peace. Yeah. Right. You want be able to reach out and speak To show. Yeah. It's a fine line. And not leave. I'm from here. I want to help. I wanna bring awareness. I want to, It Is a fine line. It's what Malcolm said. It is what Malcolm didn't want people search walking into the autobi. You know, like I I I get it. And I'm not comparing myself to Malcolm. I'm just saying like, it's that mentality. Same Mental. Yeah. Yeah. It's the mental, it's the, it's the logic of it, man. But that shit was that shit, that shit. It's, I get the humor of it. Sure. A year and a half later in that moment, I thought I could die terrified because I also, she could had two people with her.


Yeah. I could have been, You know what I mean? I don't, and I didn't have any security. Damn. She ain't have to have nobody with her. She went in her hoodie. She ain't take her hand out the hoodie. Right. Like that's the shit, you know, our brain start thinking about like, yo, you ain't take your hand out your hoodie yet. She coulda came out her hoodie with a three 80 for sure. Some little shit. Yeah. And had a line, a straight line Shot at you. And I couldn't run, especially in them 32 smalls, You know what I mean? Like At least 20 eights, 20 eights. Oh Yeah. I definitely on my batty jeans. But, and, and shout out to my brother Will mega who, who was not security, he was like, tap the Tackler. Yeah. He was in the second row. That was, That was Zaire. Oh, I, I thought he was taken in the second round. Yo, that Zion Word.


That was my frat brother. And he happened to be in the second row and he was like, nigga, when she said CIA because when people start saying I I, he was like, as soon as she said CIAI stood up. It used to be a nigga. It was funny. I watched that video in my barber's chair and he said the same shit. He say, Talk, somebody just talk, talking about the CIA shit get different. You better boogie. They, they, they on some bullshit. Yo man. That's why as soon as said CIAI was like, then I start putting shit together. I was like, oh wait, that's the one that tried to throw a brick through the store last week. The police caught her in the act. She had a brick. It was picking it up and they, and, and they grabbed her and wrote her a ticket. Oh, she got nine lives. Oh yeah. So, so then when she came back the next, then I started putting two and two, then I was like, wait, she said her name.


Oh wait, I'm, I'm gonna need you to back up, ma'am. Yeah, ma'am. I'm gonna need you to stay right there. If we, if we had been on the same level, I would've walked toward her. Right. That's Yeah. To sometimes you gotta close the distance with people sometimes. Yeah. Because if I close the distance, I mean, you gotta do one or two things. You either gotta run or close the distance. Right. Right. And I was like, I I I couldn't run between my achilles and, and and, And the chair. Right. And the gene In the stage. Right. The large stage. My 21 for forever 21 jeans. Yeah. I Well, we're super glad that you're safe. Yeah. I'll joke inside. I'm Glad. Please be careful out there when you are changing the world And she is getting help. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's getting help. She's, she's being supported.


I don't know if if a video of her going around the world Instagram Yeah. Is the best. That's the other reason I didn't want the, I was a little disappointed seeing you Can't really see her face. I didn you lying. Unless you know Her only. Yeah. So if You already know her, you know her. But yeah. The world not gonna be like, oh, you're the chick that, yeah, that's, I was more worried about her getting bombarded with messages yesterday. Like, I didn't know this shit happened. You, I, you just don't know what's going trigger people. You know what I mean? So I wor I worry about her more than me in that situation. 'cause she's been through so much trauma. But, but she's getting help. And again, like, we gotta live this shit. I can't, I can't go around telling niggas like, don't call the police. You know what I mean? And then be out here like Help. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like we gotta we gotta figure out other, other alternatives.


If we gonna live this. Like what the fuck is y'all niggas Laughing at? Yo. I know. Because I, I could just hear the nigga break on, you know, I'm not saying a word. I don and I'm listening. I know you and I agree. I agree. What? You don't agree. Oh, I, before she even before had And you would've said lock her up. Oh, I, I, Here I would've taken the stand on that. Well, I'd have called off of work that day. I'd have called off for work to scene to it. Oh. That she couldn't harm a game. Are you crazy? I'd have said right in that court. What the fuck? Mark. Mark is a better man than me. But we established that long ago.


Oh man. Don't agree. Wait. You agree. Stop it, stop it. Right fucking now. I mean, he, he walks, he talks the talk and he walks the walk. I try. No, I try. We ain't none of us perfect. But I did. I just, I had to do that in that moment again. I, I had every instinct every other person had from the violence to yo I, I hope the police come and lock your ass. I get, I get it. You know what I mean? But if you got alternative, we should use 'em. That's all. Oh man. Where would your beautiful people like to go next? Anywhere in the world is fine with me. Okay. So Kanye West has been bubbling up in this digging trial. That sounds like a pun but carry on. Fair enough.


The name, That's your man. See he's buying you some time. The Other shut Up. Hey, this is a clear, I'm buying you a little time to get it together. There's no podcast world where we would be doing this before that. Yes. Sure. You know what I mean? Get it together Kanye. That nigga's good. He walks the walk and talks the talk. Yeah, for sure. For sure. But no, the idea that there was another in the Diddy trial, it's come up that there's another rapper who brought their significant other, their wife to some freak. Freak off. Freak offs. Freak offs. Yeah. I Hate that we to keep saying that word.


I Know I was trying to find another one. But get to some freak Freak offs. Well he Black King Knights, isn't that what he started to refer to them as? We as Well. Yeah. Black King Knights. Yeah. So, and we skipped over last week when shorty was trying to offer him the Allstar package. I might miss this. What happened? Yes. Because guess he was mad. He was mad at her. I don't fucking know. Get your facts from Google. But she was offering him an all-star package, which was he got to pick three of the top guys that he wanted to see Bang her and she would make it happen. Okay. I just think it's funny 'cause the all star package is popular at Waffle House too. Like them just, them just calling that the Allstar package is diabolical, but whatever, whatever you get a hookah, two bottles Of top shelf.


Yeah. Yeah. Listen, this makes sense. I, listen, I've been trying to figure out who this other rapper was, why I didn't think it was right there in front of me the whole time. Yeah, of course It was Kanye and they said rap icon. Icon allegedly. Right, because they said rap icon. That was the other thing the person said on the stand that it was a rap icon. So that that shrinks. It's a 10000% and icon are two things that the pool and also who's free Out there That we know that was Kanye. It's very much An Occam's razor kind of situation. I, I have spoken to journalism, three people, four people who have said that It is that they've confirmed it independently. That It is Kanye. I, I can't say for certain, but all my sources have said that Re who's been covering this pretty consistently made a video where he didn't say it was Kanye but he he was playing Kanye's music in the background.


Yeah, he was. Oh shit. And his face was flashing up on the video. And to Ray has also told me that he's independently confirmed it with three sources. Okay. So again, we could be overlap. So I don't wanna say it seven now it could be three and a possible. You guys Know a lot of people that were at the freak offs. I know people who know people. That's why I say I wasn't, You know what I mean? So you could have had an invite if you wanted. The only person I know had been to freak offs is in this room. Oh shit. Who could have been? I'm saying yo, you the only person I know. What about say Yeah, I ain't in the freak off. I didn't Know you were talking about Jeff. It's funny. You assumed I meant you didn Didn't. Oh. Oh, Okay. Yo, when he said that's his tick, that's his tail right there. He getting his lips right.


Your poker poker face. That's hilarious. Yo, y'all know they wouldn't invited me to the freak off. Why? Too disruptive. Fuck. Yeah. Narcissism would've kicked it. You would've been like Puff, get Out. This is my shit now. Right. I'm clumsy. It is my shit now. And It is just level to freak shit. There's levels to freak shit. I would've went in seen that they was at a level above where I'm comfortable operating at. Be a few levels. Yeah. They quite a few levels above where like that just Cover swapping is a pretty good Yeah, the testimony. The testimony that he was making the dude come on shorty and then leave it, leave it there and then he's fucking her.


What? Why the other niggas cum is touching him. I can't stay. Yeah, You're doing what with the cu I can't. No, I'm, yeah, I'm cool. That was worse. That wasn't worse than the one chick saying that he would come on her, she would have to go on the bat and take the cum and rub it on his nipples. See that's very different to me. Oh no. Doing it in the privacy of your own Chambers. No, that don't speak to the, oh it sounds like I'm fucking defending this shit. I'm not. But that don't speak to how much come he made her bring from one room to the other. That sounds very different than Joe. A gallon or A gallon or a ounce. It's the same when you take another man's cu and go like this on your Nipples. It's not the same. It's not the same as a nigga unloading on you.


Okay. That I just don't think that's the same. Alright. I'm not mad at anybody that does. It's a temperature thing. Argue from room to dick. Pull up a little bit. You bugging right there. Yo, another man's come touching me. Period. Is It is disgusting equal across the board. It is disgusting. It's whatever you're into. But I do think that it's this. Yeah, I think that's just, it's a Little unsanitary at least. That's interesting. That's true. Stop it. Sex is unsanitary. Huh? Sex is very unsanitary. Sex is unsanitary. I don't, alright, I'm done talking about anything I say. Sounds like I'm, yeah, I'm shutting up this, But I mean, there's nothing wrong with any of this shit. This is the, the, the problem with Diddy ain't got nothing to do with whether he wants come with his nipples or whether that's true.


Whether he wants whether a UPS to bring it or whatever the fuck he got. Don't matter. D ain The problem DH s Right. Yo fucking sickos. But the, the bigger question though is does it matter or why does it matter if It is Kanye, does that change anything for us in terms or, or or for Diddy? No, No. Nothing at all. I, I think we've gotten away from, I'm not fo I'm not following it as closely as other people are, but everything that I keep hearing is about just the wild shit in the, the the the They're sensationalizing extreme. Yeah. The extreme nature of what they were doing. Nobody is really talking about the criminality pieces anymore.


Yes. And so I think that that's a bad thing. I Agree. Because none of that shit is illegal. It might be a little freaky, but That's, that's their shit. Yeah. I wheelhouse but do your thing Fair Dude. Do what You want with his company. Like it's not my business. I still think if that trial ended today, they got him already. Oh yeah. So I've seen, I think a lot of people feel like that I've, which is why they're done talking about the criminality part of it. I've seen two separate things. One was a seen, I think Judge Joe Brown went up there. Star Wrong already what Judge Judy had to say. No, no. Judge Joe Brown talked about it and he said they got him. He said they got him and then there was another judge that had talked about it. But they gave him drastic Judge, Judge Steve Harvey drastically Different sentences.


Judge dread judge. Re sentence what? Judge dread. Judge dread. No, they gave him drastically different sentences. So somebody was like, yo, he Oh yeah, Aaron judge, he does five years. Somebody was like, right now he would do approximately five years. Yeah. And then somebody else said he would do time served. I think it not being funny to add, I'm not ing on joke. Judge Mathis said something similar. He said if it were a state level thing, he would be Mathis. That's Who it was. It wasn't Joe Brown. I kept, imagine Joe Brown. It was, I was, wasn't Joe Brown? Because Joe Brown would say the absolute opposite. He's a piece of human garbage. I was like, I couldn't believe Joe. All, all black judges don't look alike. Man. That was Judge Mathis. I got him confused. Yeah.


But, but yeah, he said it would be like Right. Four or five years. Same Shit. I'm Stupid. Alright. My bad. Oh shit. But, but I, I think the argument is by the letter of the law, he's already guilty. I think what the prosecution is doing, which I don't have any sympathy for Diddy, so it's hard for me to be outraged. Although I still am a little bit about the process of It is they're saying, all right, he violated the law, he broke the law by the letter of the law and now we're gonna pile with all this freaky shit. And I think some of the freaky shit and the homophobia and all the other stuff might make him get a harder sentence more Harsher term. Right, exactly. Which may make either him either negotiate or do whatever.


I think Diddy's guilty based on the law. And I, and I think Diddy should be held accountable. See, I disagree, I think in a blue state, in, in, in 2025 in this climate that we're in to Ish's point, people are gonna be like, it sounds like it's just a bunch of freaky shit. I think it's actually doesn't help their case at all. It probably hurts their case to focus on freaky shit. Most of the world's gonna be like, Hey, it's a Freaky shit. And also it Went and lose sight of the fact that he was doing potentially some illegal shit and Not, I'm not sure if federal jury's as concerned as is as liberal as you might think. Yeah. In a federal case where they're pulling from. It's not like they're pulling from Manhattan. They're not pulling from Williamsburg And shit. I guess I don't, I don't know how that works. You know what I mean? You might be pulling from the middle of the state, you know, I, I don't know Al Albany and shit like that. And also you get black people on the jury, like black people ain't that liberal about sex.


You start saying, and he made me bring, come to the other room and But Do you think that there's a Possibility it could go either way? It could go, no pun intended. It could go either way. There is. Okay. So how long has this been going on for Like a month now. Was it May 5th? It started That. Oh, it's a little over a month. Yeah. I feel like if I'm sitting there as a juror listening to this, I'm becoming desensitized at this point. Listening to just like cu and nipples and you know, all the shit. I'm just be like, okay, we've established this motherfucker's a freak, you know, but at this point I feel, I feel like what you're saying Parks is true. That it might hurt them rather than help them. And we, we, Because It's just continuous.


We are still on the prosecution side. Like we haven't gotten to the defense witnesses yet. You get what I'm saying? That could give more accounts of freaky shit. But I think they gonna start giving more accounts of voluntary actions. Right. 'cause we not really talking about a lot of the shit that the witnesses have been saying on the stand have been a little contradictory. So We'll see. I don't know. And I think they're gonna close out with more abuse too, because I, I I think y'all are right. The freaky shit isn't as universally sort of condemned. Yeah. Condemned. Yeah. But if you end with the abuse, that also becomes, 'cause again, they want you to see Diddy as a bad person. 'cause if Juris cess a bad person, they're gonna wanna put you in jail, You know, know what I mean? So we'll see what happens.


But I, I'm, I do wanna see the Kanye, I wanna see this. I, my sources last night told me that next week there's gonna be some more Kanye stuff coming out on Tuesday and Wednesday in particular. Oh. And I think that's where it's going to get super, super, super, super interesting. You know, that was Kanye, His, his attention seeking as gonna address, he gonna address it Didn't, weren't they both involved in something a, a different accusation with the assistant or something like that? If I recall correctly. I'm not sure. I don't know if Puff's Name was in there. I don know. I think it was. But again, do your, do your Googles? I think so. And that was an accusation. Nothing, I don't think anything was proven in that, but Alright. We got some bad news that we gotta talk about.


It's been two days, but I think we gotta talk about it. Ananda Lewis passed away. Indeed. Rest In peace. Sad. Rest in peace. Really. It is really Sad. Really sad for our generation in particular. She was it for a lot of us. She was like our first, first Crush. Crush first. You know what I mean? She was dope. She was brilliant. She was beautiful. Howard alum, the West coast girl went out to Howard, came, came to, to New York and made a name for herself. Teen Summit was the big thing. Most of us know her for on BET. That was like the place where you learned about issues. And it was like the consciousness of BET. And she was the face of it man. And she was so dope. And over the last 20 years, she's been a staple. And the thing I love about Ananda, and I got to know her in the last five years or so, pretty well is everybody, I ain't never heard a bad story about her.


She's another one of the people. Like, like everybody loved Ananda. She was always so sweet, so generous. She opened doors for people even when she didn't have an open for her. She used whatever resource she had to make sure everybody else was good. And when she was fighting with cancer, which is what she ultimately died from, breast cancer, she always stayed optimistic. She stayed hopeful. You know, I just, you know, I, I admired her as a mother, as a partner, as a as just as a human being. And so, you know, shout out to her, you know, sending love to her, condolences to her family, her, her son, and everybody who loved her. Yo. But she was, yeah. This is a loss for the culture. For sure. For sure. Very, very well said. Like you said, a lot of us, a lot of our first crush, like who didn't Love it under Lewis or was sad when that news came out, I guess you put in the group chat.


Yeah, it was, yeah. I was shocked to See that she was 51, 52. Why? Or 52? Because she was, because she has that image of when we first saw her. Right. And she still looked, she on way out. But yeah, I was like, god damn. We is, we is Old. We old nigga. We are old now. Yeah. You know, rest, rest in peace to totally, totally lost for shout out to the culture. All of that. Fuck that shit was a long time ago. Yeah. Like everything, BET related MTB that we remember, it was a long time ago. S like 30 years ago because the channel was drastically changed from what it used to be. So everything that we remember from BET is we were in our twenties.


Yeah. So Now you, you, you do a lot of work around women's health and of course hot and bothered covers these things. Are there, are there any, is there anything we can learn from this? So Ananda Lewis was very vocal about the fact that she was, she was very hesitant to get mammograms. And so the average age of the woman is supposed to start getting mammograms is 40 years old. And it's an annual screening that you're supposed to get. There are some women, and Ananda was one of them who are fearful of the amount of radiation, you know, that is involved in the screening process.


But the reality of the situation is that when you stand in front of a microwave, you're exposed to radiation. When you put your phone up to your head, you're exposed to radiation. And so by the time she was 47, and also she was of increased risk because I believe that her mom had breast cancer. This is something that I've been told. So she avoided getting them. And when she was about 47 years old during a self-examination, that's when she started to find lumps. Lumps. And so then she went to try to, to get a diagnosis and she found out that she was either in stage two, I wanna say it was stage Yeah. Stage two. Yeah. It was stage two.


Stage two, you know, breast cancer is, is, is, it's a precarious form of cancer. It can really go either way. But most of the medical community feels like this is the point in which you should start doing conventional forms of treatment. Whether that's chemotherapy, radiation, et cetera, et cetera. A combination of the two, whatever the case is. And Ananda did not want to do that. But in addition to that, more importantly actually is the fact that she ran into financial issues when it came to treatments, which really is like an indictment on our healthcare, you know, system.


System for sure. But we all know this, but it's really, really sad to see somebody succumb to cancer based on a myriad of different things. But one of those factors being that she didn't feel like she could afford the treatments. The crazy part is, is if she had done a GoFundMe, she so loved so many people would've donated to that, you know, but then there's pride and you know, not wanting, and part of It was she said she wanted to do homeopathic stuff. She wanted to do natural medicine. She did even in stage four. Yeah, she did. And that's a personal choice. A couple of her girlfriends who Sarah Sidner, who has also been documenting her breast cancer journey, they were talking about it on a, b, c news.


And she read one of her girlfriend's, what's her name? Stephanie Aam. All CNN people. Yeah, Yeah. CNN. So she read her, she read her last text that said, you know, my feeling on this, we all go, these bodies are on loan and must be returned. We come in love and choose to leave with love as well. I love you. My wonderful lifelong bestie of besties. And then alum added, I love my girl, but she was hardheaded. She wanted to do things her way. Hmm. So My advice is just to, if you have the opportunity to go get screenings, mammograms, especially if you are of increased risk, you gotta get them. You just, you have to get them. And also, I understand and appreciate that people want to do things.


You know, they may wanna do things a little bit holistically, but you, you can't really challenge conventional methods at that point. Especially when you have a young child. Especially when you're a single mother and you have primary custody of that kid. The her child is like four or five years old at that point. I feel like a lot of your desires or or wants don't really kind of belong to you. You know, you have to think about your kid first. Mm. That's just my thoughts. Rest in peace. No, you don't. What what?


I mean, I don't know if I want to go, I threw the ball, let go, let's go. Hey, you threw that ball up. She ran into the concessions stand to go eat you. You threw that, you did throw it here. You took two sips tea. This nigga went right to the bathroom. I, I, listen, I don't know that that's true. I just don't, I don know if I'm willing to stand on the ledge. I'm not. I I'm with you though. I agree with you, but I ain't really Well let's go, let's no geekie you, you yo gee nigga, I'm going out on my belief system. Whatever. That is true. And I think you have the right, I think everybody has the right to go out on their own belief system. There's a lot of people that also don't like the, also knowing people that have suffered from cancer.


Like that shit is the, the treatment in that shit is, I understand my mom No fucking joke. I, I've watched my mom go through two different forms of cancer. She survived one and she died from the next one. I, I, I totally understand and I totally understand that sometimes conventional methods don't fucking work because my mom died because things did not work. What I do know is that because I am an of a, of increased risk for colon cancer, because that's what my mother died of. I am so diligent about going to get my colonoscopies. That's good. I literally have one scheduled in a month. Okay. Because I am diligent about that. The question is, is there anything wrong? If you don't wanna do that.


No. No. Nothing's wrong. I am single with no kids and no husband. So if I die, really honestly and Daisy Don't eat no way. Right. I I get it. Shut the Fuck that the shelter got better food. Les and bitch, every day rice, stupid brain coats are off of me. There there are yo different, You bring me on Friday, it's gonna happen. Different, different ideologies with regards to healthcare, specifically cancer. So I've, my aunt just passed away. Y know some people's reports are yo the holistic route is the route.


And then other people lean on conventional medicine. I think, you know, I think people's passion with regards to whatever they subscribe to is their own to have. And as a parent, we definitely wanna put our kids first. But to, to your point, there was no guarantee if she took the conventional route that it would've ended in any different results. You're right there. There's absolutely. You get what I'm saying? There's no, there's no guarantee there is. It also would've been probably brutal parenting through some of those processes. Like that shit is it fucks you up. Yeah. She was left with rock hard place. Yeah, for sure. You know, a, a breast cancer diagnosis that, that shit sucks.


And then she had the misfortune of being diagnosed around the time the pandemic started and so they were really not doing surgeries that were not completely life-threatening at that time. Right. So that might have played another role and factor into, you know, we Arrived and you on finances. Finances might have paid a really, really pivotal role. Yeah. Yeah. I, I do think possibly, I think people should do what they want and I think people will have to live the life they want. And like she said, we all gonna die at some point. Right. So it, it's all about the choices we make. I don't want to say though that yeah, it's no guarantee that you'll survive chemo or radiation or whatever, but at an early stage of cancer, your chances based on all the evidence we have of surviving are much better go, She was Doing this medical route than taking her.


Yes. I think It's also okay to do a little bit of both. Like it's okay to do some of the conventional stuff and holistic stuff, like eat really healthy Yes. And do additional whatever treatments, you know, whether it's cannabinoids or Yeah. Whatever. It's better for you. The First option that she was given was to get a double mastectomy. Yes. And I totally, totally. Both your breast coat going off of those. Yep. And I totally get for some women why that would be horrifying. Why is that? I mean, because first of all, it's, it's a body part that you've had forever and also it's kind of, it's Symbolic. It's symbolic of being a woman. A mental confidence. Yeah, exactly. And so a lot of women have a lot of difficulty afterwards.


Yeah. That's why they do a lot of double mastectomies with plastic surgery at the same time. At the same. Exactly. So when you come outta surgery, you still have breasts. A couple of my home girls did It. Yes. Some people don't have that option, but yeah. That was what she was originally the choice she was presented with and she chose, I don't wanna do that. So Again, make make your choices, you Gotta live with the results. Yeah. And you know, oh, she did a lot of public speaking afterwards and she towards the, you know, later part of it expressed, you know, regret that she had had the attitude of avoiding mammograms. So she started to encourage women to get their yearly mammograms. Mm. So, you know, The last piece of this Mel, that I wanted to ask you about, 'cause you said something that was interesting was you mentioned the child part of it.


Do you feel like our medical choice, our personal medical choices are, do you feel like our our our freedom to exercise those choices change if we ever responsible for somebody else? Listen, People, people have my head whenever I talk about anything that has to do with children. So I'm I Go ahead. Jam yourself up. What? Get jammed. I do. I'll answer. I'll answer for you. Go ahead. I do. Why are you speaking for her? Because I'm, I'm, You can't have babies unless you go that other route. What other route is And become trans. They can have babies. Oh my god. Don't start. Where are We? Yo Yo, where did we get, just go. I'm sorry. Thank you. I I I believe that, I believe that when you have other people depending upon you for survival, I think your choices no longer are just No.


Please Get from get it from their state. Get it out the wheel, nigga. I'm out. Everybody don't got a will. Okay. But we don't know people's situations. I know. I'm just saying that I think, wait minute. I don't think It is, I'm Speaking yo. Trying to cut you off. I know. I don trying it succeeding. I don't think it's fair to say that somebody is making the decision without thinking about their kid when we don't know how they've considered their kid in afterlife. True. But That's an interesting Point. No, but you're, you, you are still saying they considered their kid. Yeah. There you go. So your consideration is based on you. I'm saying I think the kid should be considered, Considered their child in the afterlife. What do you mean by that? Like a in terms of like will, if you Made proper planning for your child, How you planned for your child.


Yes. And in the event that you're not no longer here. That's interesting. So we all agree our child's life would be better if we were there. Yes. Right. I would definitely. So the question then becomes Everybody doesn't agree to that. How about I agree. That's fair. I Agree. I agree to that. Everyone here agrees to that. Well why Don't, that's what I meant. But you're Right. But people that are facing had they have to make fatal or non-fatal decisions. Everybody don't come away with My child's life is better if I'm there. We Had this conversation before and I was totally against Joe in that. And then he kinda won me around to, let's just say you're mentally not well some people could adamantly feel like, yo, I'm being a hindrance to my kid dog.


I'm a danger To my kid watches the news more than me. Some people, people are killing their children. Yo, This week in the Bronx, people Are killing their, their their child's mom this week In the Bronx. That shit was crazy. Yeah. I teared up on that shit. Yeah. I teared up on that shit. So no, everybody don't feel like that. That's true. That's true. Some people feel like, let me get the myself the fuck up outta here. I'm a danger, danger to can live And my family fair. But what if you do? What if it's you, you, me, you know, ev Right. I'm never leaving my kid. Right. So you would never make a medical decision that would make it less likely for you to be Alive? I can't say never. I battle with depression. Okay. I can't say never to that. Right. Depression puts some things on the table that aren't normally on the table.


Right? Mm. That's fair. But at your, at your health, like, I'm trying to get at the ethical question because I I I hear what you're saying. Okay. So, oh, okay. So then we'll take that depression shit outta Here. So I'm saying at the ethical level, of Course we would want to be there, Right? Because that's where it gets tricky for people. 'cause some people are saying, if you have a choice and chemo gives you the take, Ananda, I don't wanna make this about ananda. If, if, if one of us has a, has has a medical issue, and yeah, I don't really wanna do this thing, but I kind of have to 'cause I have a kid. Is that, is that, is it wrong for the person to say the opposite? Like, well, you know, I don't, I just don't wanna do it. I don't, I don't want radiation. I don't believe in radiation. I don't like radiation. I don't Think that's Wrong. Yeah. That's what I'm trying to get. Okay. I Don't think that's wrong either. Also, I think that everybody has the right to decide how they go out and that's their own individual.


Right. And I think that I don, as long as you Don't talking about going out though, I think as long As you made plans for the future of your offspring or whoever you're leaving behind, I think that's also okay. Now, if you just go willy-nilly and leave everybody hanging, that's super fucked up in my opinion. Mm. But if you decide you wanna go the natural route and see what comes of it, at least set your children or whoever is dependent on you up if, If possible. If possible. If You, Right. Yeah. Most people aren't in a position to do that. But to, I'm not talking about financially necessarily. I'm just saying make arrangements for somewhere for them to caretakers, caretaker, my aunt, my best friend is gonna take over. Like seriously though. Some, some sort Arrangement. I'm not disagreeing. I, I, I used to stand on the other side.


I think I I, I'm on Joe's side now 'cause we had an argument about this on, on The podcast. Crack your muff. Yeah. We just had two different Yeah. Perspectives. And, and as he talked, he kind of won me over to that side. Like, well I kind of agree with that a little bit more. And me personally, I, I'm not doing that. Like, I think even in my day-today, life I try, I've modified my life so much to try and think about the future. Like, I'm almost 50 dog and people passing away. So now I'm trying to do certain things that's real to set my daughters up. Like it's, It is different For sure. I can't, I can't that little move my son do where he just come drop whatever he doing and just snuggle up under my arm just to feel me and smell me.


I can't. I can't. It's different. That's different, bro. Yeah. What's up Mel? You been huffing and puffing and making What's up? No, because I'm just just listening to you say that right now about how much that, that you love that and that warms your heart and that you want to have, you want that to continue. That seems to fly in the face of what you're saying about, you know, personal choice. Like, you know, it seems like you're agreeing with me in terms of keeping yourself here for as long as possible for that child. And you know, we're talking about, you know, her preparation towards the end. This was five years. She was diagnosed around the age of 47 and she passed away at 52.


A lot went into these five years and some of these choices she expressed regret about towards the end. And, you know, just with the thought in mind that she had, she has a very young child. I, I Just, I'm speaking to the duality. That life of The both Yeah. The both things could be, Things could be true. I I'm telling you that today. This is how I feel. Yeah. There was a yesterday where that wasn't the case. Okay. And I don't have any idea how tomorrow will play out And Joe, but Joe's talking from right now, I'm physically fit right now I'm in. So it's A privileged position He's speaking from right now. Yes. These circumstances could change tomorrow.


And that could potentially, I have my parents, I have my kids. My love life is great. My professional life is great. God is great. Everything is great in my life. There was a time where the opposite is in play and now you have those feelings attached to that and you're outta here. Like, that's a blessing. It Is a blessing to, that's a blessing. You would be, you would be leaving your kid with a village. You know, you'd be leaving your kid with a village. You'd be leaving Your mel when you on that other side of the fence, whoop d Well, When you on that other side of the fence, who cares about that? That's fifth, sixth, and seventh on the list of what takes priority is what I'm saying.


I get it. I overstand listen, you know, we, we can sit here all day and, and you know, quarterback people's choices, but they are in fact just their choices. And we lost a, a cultural icon. A beautiful woman, you know. True indeed. Who's a and nobody, like you said Mark. Nobody had anything bad to say about her. And it's just, it's, it's really sad. So, you know, rest in peace to Ananda Lewis. I just Fuck cancer and let me re Yeah. Fuck that. That's, that's, and let me reinforce that. My message is for everyone to stay on top of their health. Indeed. Yes Indeed. In all forms. Yes, yes, yes. Guys, gals, everybody. Yes. Like it.


Whatever's going on, the screenings. If you just stay on top of it on some hypochondriac shit, then hopefully you'll catch some shit early enough to do something about it. And you'll die. You can die Being stubborn. I think we can say that. Or Scared you can die being scared because a lot of, a lot of people not staying on top of their health is fear. Fear based in a lot of cases. I'm scared of the doctor. I'm scared of needles. It Ties, it ties in with the stubbornness though. True. You know what I'm saying? Because you're not going to the doctor outta your own fear all time. But you being stubborn. I told Cory that all the time. Remember when we used argued about the, the prostate thing, Corey, like, I'm not letting nobody do that to me. And I'm like, you could end up dying. 'cause you don't want Dr.


Schneiderman, Man, you had a finger in your ass before get out Exactly Right. Without a copay. Actually maybe it was. Oh man. You're like, I remember that with Clark that I saw it at all. It will never leave me saying, yo, if I had a choice, I was on my Brooklyn shit on some no doctor. No doctor. And then when I'm going through it, man, all I wanted to do was Go back in time and make a different Decision and then go to a doctor and make a different decision. Yeah. I mean, My uncle Bobby, they told, Hey, if you don't go to the doctor, you're outta here. He said, fuck y'all, I'm leaving, I'm out. That's, that's what Uncle Bobby did too. I'm gone. Yeah. From prostate cancer. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. But I mean, Clark Kent is a perfect example of somebody you know Of, of one side of the coin.


One side of the coin. But he discovered that he had colon cancer in stage four stage colon cancer. When you discover it in stage one, stage two, even stage three is a treatable form of cancer. Once it hits stage four, it's kind of a foregone conclusion. And it's just putting it off, putting it off, putting it off. That's just not the attitude that we should have at this particular age. Especially if you have loved ones that you wanna stick around for. So my last message is really just to, you know, get the screenings that you can get. You know, get your mammograms every single year. Go get checkups. Get checkups, get your simple as that. Yeah. Prostate exam after 40, you know, colonoscopies after 45.


Unless you're of increased risk, you know, I Still gotta go get that done. Colonoscopy. Colonoscopy. Lemme tell You something, I got somebody. Good for you. Dog's easy. The drugs are, She's gentle too. Skinny fingers, dog. I'm Joking, I'm joking. Yeah, it's, It's, oh, a girl. Forget it. It's easy, bro. You don't even, that shit is like, It's, you go to sleep, You go monthly. How many times you can never be too short. How many times you gonna give it down? It's Once every five years. This is it. Oh, well, not for me. Your Rest in peace to Ananda Lewis are thoughts and prayers to family, friends and fans. Recipes to Brian Wilson too. The Beach Boys. Yes. You get a rap with being super corny myself, I I also was like, I'm not listening to No Beach Boys.


I love him. And then at like 20 I put on pet sounds and I was like, oh, that's, oh my bad, my bad. He was fire production wise. Vocal harmonies. Absolutely amazing. And the father of two of Wilson, members of Wilson Phillips card. Yes, this is true. This is true. Yes. Absolutely. Legend. Hey Mark, Look at you with your little facts. Yeah. We love Wilson Phillips up here. Yeah, man, I fucking love Wilson Phillips. The harms were genetic. Yo, they went down the line. Yeah. He was a, a a, a misunderstood artist. He kind of went crazy, quote unquote apparently put sand in his whole house and did a, took 20 years to finish a album.


He got like super A-D-H-D-I guess is how he would describe it today. But he was incredible at what he did. And modern music would probably not be the same without his contribution. Facts. Rest in peace. He's probably riding on a beach in this video. Gotta do it. Can't just mention the goats and not go to I'm sorry man. Oh, oh, Allow this. I thought you were gonna play. God, God knows. Would I be without you or something? But this will work. Listen man. Mic check. Mic check.


No, they singing along out they see the vibes And say goodbye. Are Things are Cory's walking.


Corey was in jail when they before when they didn't let him have tablets and radios. So he don't know who Casey Kaso is. Z 100. None of that wade may ever heard. Wilson Phillips. Corey was a criminal early on in life and got rehabilitated later. Thank God. Thank God, thank God. Thank God. This guy's crazy. Oh man. Anyways, I think it's about that time. Joe. Mel, you did a good job. Thank you. You did a good, you did. I was older. You Nia Mia. Male girl. Girl.


Nia girl child. Good girl. Holy shit. Ah. So it's about that time, right? We're coming back to you. An hour three though. An hour. Three hour for sure, Pat. Yeah. Yeah. But we can, we can find the remix somewhere. Yeah, for sure. Yeah.


Now it's time for our favorite part of the show. PrizePicks. PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash with millions of members. PrizePicks is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really easy and simple to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with prize PrizePicks. All right, Joe and Ish picks of the week. These picks was fucking Ish up earlier. So let's see if he, how he did OB topping more than four and a half rebounds. These lions, they getting they so much money. That shit a little rough. Angel Reese for more than 11 points says Ish not Joe Halliburton for more than six and a half field goals made TJ MCC McConnell for more than seven and a half points. This ain't one of my favorite Ish tickets. Ooh man, this ain't, this ain't one of my favorite Ish tickets. Hey, heat, heat our advice at your own risk. Listen, if you download the app right this second and use promo code J-J-B-B-P, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat for the people in the back. If you download the app right this second and use promo code JBP, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


We'll get to the Pacers a little later who have they've, they've convinced me, they've shocked the world. They've convinced me I got the Pacers as a much better team than Thunder. And they I think so too. They should win it. I'm, I'm sick of seeing the thunder too. Young. Young. I'm a Pacers fan too Young bright's too Light. Pacer's too deep. Like I'm sick. It's The Pacers time, man. Yeah, Let let 'em get it. Let 'em get it. Fuck it. Yeah. But we'll get to that in a little bit. Let's, let's cover some music shit. The Grammys have announced two new categories. One being best album cover. I like that. I like it too. I just don't know how I feel. Well I Love it for the photographers and the designers. Exactly. Yeah.


I don't know how I feel as an artist if I win best album cover and don't even get nominated for the music part of That. Yeah. I wonder if the artist gets a, a trophy or if that's just the photographer, the artists themselves. No, it the crazy part, The artists would have to give one. I would think so. Right. They Would have to. I would think so. Both Artists. Yeah, sure. The recording artists and the the the artists. The visual artists. Yeah. The crazy shit is going be, because it's the Grammys, it covers so many different genres of music. Oh yeah. Somebody gonna be tight. Oh yeah. You know what I'm saying? It might be some funny eclectic shit with just a water drop. She just beat everybody else.


Nigga's gonna be mad as Hell. Well right this second, all the talk is about Sabrina Carpenter's album cover. We'll get to that in a second too. I want to hear you guys' thoughts on the other category that they added, which is best traditional country album. Yeah, I'm a little torn. They've split It. I hate it. They've split the country. Come On. It feels racist. A little bit racist As fuck. Thank you. But it also gives an opportunity for someone to win an award that maybe wouldn't have because of the inherent racism within country music. You know what I'm saying? Well, Okay. Who, who dictates what's traditional country versus countries like saying agreed traditional hip hop. They're Splitting the country award album into traditional and contemporary. Right. And people really feel like the only reason why this is done is Beyonce because of Beyonce and Lil Na X before And Lil Na, right?


Yeah. Traditional Shi Booze and the other black girl that's fired up And the dude, the dude that you went and saw was his name Ka Brown. No, but Kane Brown is traditional. It'd be like eight oh eights and shit in there. I don't know if I don I don't know. Yeah, he, he He tough. But no, I just think It is the more black people coming into the genre. Yeah. We putting a little spice and a little umph in it and they tight. But again, I think that's whack. I think that you gotta embrace the evolution of whatever the music is. You can't pigeonhole it. Yeah. Because again, that's like saying one of Kanye Dark Twisted Fantasy is not hip hop. Well they have segmented hiphop, they have melodic hip Hop. I think all our shit is, I agree.


I think that segmenting up genres like that we've seen it happen with rock and rock is barely exists as a genre because they segmented it up so much. Got Gotcha. And I think some people aren't even thinking about the race angle, although I think it's racist. Lana Delray also has a pop album coming out. I mean a country album coming out and, and they don't want everything to get Lumped In lumped into like country and and lose the traditional country sound With the recording Academy chief Executive said is country music has evolved in a major way over the past decade with traditional country experiencing a massive resurgence growing in popularity and volume. Traditional country has a timeless, distinct sound that's inspired generations of musicians throughout the years. It's an important part of the country music story and deserves to be celebrated and recognized with intention.


So There's A little part of me that gets that, But There's a big part of it just feels like it's a Confederate flag. Why Fuck out? It's definitely both because that was very well written. No, it was the publicist fly shit. They Heard it very, very well written to Justify White, white power. That's it. Yo like I, although the, the, the head of The Grammy boards is not white. I don't, I don't think. Yeah. And I don't think he actually cares about that. I that's, I think that's that publicist, yo they got the white power email, right? Yeah, It could. That's my, Whoever the head of the board is. You don't wanna lose Nashville. No, that is True. That's a fact. Yeah. Na Nashville is Very powerful and country music makes a shit ton of money. It does, it does.


It makes a shit ton of money. Like a lot of bread. Yeah. Two things could be true. I get it. And it could be racist. Yeah, yeah, For sure. That's What I think. I totally understand it. And again, there could be some, some benefits. 'cause again, people that would probably get excluded on the fact that they're black or doing something hip hoppy or whatever country contemporary can still get an award in their genre. So I'm, it's not all bad I don't think. Although the, the new award, there's a way that the other one gets word down. Like I got the Real country album. Yeah, for sure. Real Country award. You got the, you got the, The DEI one Whites was looking at that, that farm system that the Blacks had going in country. He was like, oh fuck this, Fuck That. A lot of young talent, talent g them great whites got on Instagram and TikTok Seeing what some of these 15, 16-year-old blacks were doing.


They stopped just looking at Mason Ramsey s like, oh shit, we gotta have a meeting y'all. Right. I think it's also gonna add like some ageism shit too though. Because I have a feeling that a lot of, of the traditional country is gonna be old people and a lot of the contemporary will be contemporary will be young people. That's good point. That's kind of a weird thing too. That's a good point. That's interesting. I'm thinking now like how I would feel if they did that with reggae. You know like, like, 'cause like imagine like when dancehall became a craze. If all the roots reggae people were like, nah, that ain't reggae. This is, That's something else I'm sure that Did happen. But some of them old head niggas that, like some of my workers, they don't like that shit. They look at that shit like they, my, some of my older workers that are, Do you, have you ever hired a citizen think about racist?


Right. No, No. I'm telling you Because it don't mean to be No, A lot of my, my, my, a lot of my workers, they older people from the Caribbean like Guyana and Jamaica and shit like that. They look at can't be allegations. Thank you. Look, they look at Sean Paul and them like that shit ain't that. They be listening to Bernie Spear, Gregory Isaac and all of that shit. Like they don't look at that shit like that's traditional. You let you let 'em keep the Walkman while they working. So he so Kind. Got a record player Walking. You idiot Yo. Nah, them niggas Don't wanna that shit. What a bus. So It is the same. Yeah. Yeah. Ain that sharp Paul. Y'all let's get get busy.


You better get busy with Yeah man war. Some of my workers, Some of my workers are from The islands. Okay. I believe you bro. I'm repeating what you said anyways. And they're Not gonna air none these awards. No way. That's the other funny part. The traditional country, they, they Put all this shit maybe No, no air. That traditional country, traditional air country, that traditional country award is, That's Main Street. That's, that's prime Time. What's the rate? Family calls up. Sorry buddy. That's getting, we'll see listen Grammys, I'm just waiting for y'all to follow suit and add the podcast award word.


I don't care about these awards. I don't care about none of these shits. Then they gonna water that down too. Great. It'll be one. And then flash the camera to me. Gilly. Charlemagne. Yo you an idiot by Norie niggas that matter Fucking Charlemagne. Who else, who else, who else Rogan will be in there. Theo Vokes might show up. You know what I mean? The podcast award when they add It is gonna be where smoke is happening. That Boy that's gonna be, we gonna bring it back to the source awards. We gonna bring it back to yo, you don't Want Jersey got something to say.


Yo, You don't want your Cohost all in your videos dancing all in your billboard. Charlotte, did you say all on your billboard? Yeah, she did. Wow. I put you on a billboard if I thought you could make an impact. Oh shit. You are so shady. You're so fucking shady. You're like a, you're such a piece of shit. I love you sometimes. Any who? I love you too. I love you too Mel. And I'm talking shit out there for the mal hide. I'm kidding. I know how she could, she could make an impact. But that's against the law too. You can't, you can't say pesky hr, title ix title fucking rights.


Title ix ninex. Oh shit. S right. Okay. I'm sure there's something else going on. Yo Marcus, I'm sure there's something else going on in music. What else is going on? Do we Have any deep analysis of Kendrick doing the fucking Toronto show and the whole crowd getting a standing ovation? Yeah. Yeah. Asking for an encore whole crowd in Toronto singing the shit word for word. Damn. I, I'm not surprised. I'm not Surprised. No, No. Kendrick's popular Right? He's kind of a thing. Yeah Like and a lot of people don't internalize that shit like other people. Yeah, it's true. Motherfuckers be mad like yo you like yeah do. Yeah. Like everybody ain't looking at that shit like that.


And Drake will do the same thing in LA right? Possibly. I imagine. Yeah. Yeah. We let it play. So y'all gonna understand what was happening. Hey Yeah. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Huh? That's Audio or video? Video. Oh Yeah, There they go.


That's the, there they go. They getting loud down. Listen no I gotta get to point. Yeah let it go. Let it go. Let it go about I got a wig. KYZ around certified level boy certified Go And It Is that the most impactful disc line of all time? It is one of 'em. It is up dear. Hmm.


Trying to strike a chord and it's probably a minor. It's up dear. I'm trying to think what's I Don dunno if any other like that shit is rings out in Maybe one 'em hit 'em up lines stadiums, but no Single line that hit 'em up hits that hard Shoot first. First of all, that's why I fucked your bitch you fat motherfucker. That's Why I fucked your Bitch. He wasn't rapping. That's what I'm saying. Like bar, I thought push this whole you are hiding a child thing was pretty impactful. That's pretty good. But It is not gonna get an audience to respond way. Not even as close. Not even no way. Not even The same Ballpark. Is anything gonna take over either that hard? Yes. Well this hard. No, that's what I'm saying. What's the name? The opening fuck Jerseys. Niggas like that shit. Yeah, but when It ain't a bar other than Bar.


Yeah. You been in the smart enough. Nah. Smart enough. Nah, smart Enough A little bit. Yeah it did. It did four albums in 10 years. Nigga I could divide. That's one of mean. Let's say two. Two them shits With one more. Nothing is as sudden and impact. That's what I'm Saying Sam. None of those, none of those lines are gonna have an audience of people. Not an audience. A stadium of people across the world screaming that shit. The Grammys, they screamed that shit. Yeah. And that's crazy. 'cause ho Super Bowl got some crazy lines, You know what I'm saying? Like the Grammys, they screamed that shit. This record was number one for mad Long. Yeah. I mean there's no other disc record that's gonna go in that category. Maybe outside of back to back. And I don't know if back to back went number one.


I don I don't think it did. If it went number one it didn't stay there on the charts for half a year. Wasn't That the Macarena and shit? Alright, So I'll go with Yes. This is the most impactful dis line maybe of all time. It's a few though. In that one song. Yeah. Is it now that because that W-W-W-W-W. Everybody's gonna say that. That's another one. Yeah. Do you now think this is because I, we had a debate a while back kind of on camera. Off camera. I was saying this was the biggest this song ever. You said I was a prisoner of the moment. You still feel That way? No. Didn didn't say that. I I think that, I think that you said that But I I didn't say that. Not as Eloquently. No, no. He, he said he very just don't remember said, I believe that hit him up is the best. That's What you said to me that you said hit him up. It still take yeah.


You still think that? Yeah. It, it, it depend on what perspective you looking from. It is hard to argue with if you looking from a commercial perspective. Yeah. This song is it, I remember what hit him up did I was in my bed and, and, and my roommate called me. I wasn't, we wasn't even speaking. He said, yo, wake up. Yo, you got Here this shit definitely rush. Like Yo Revolutionize the discount. And the first, that was the first like hiphop Wasn't Where time. Yes. Hiphop wasn't where It is today. He didn't tour. We didn't have an internet. Yeah, you ain't have an internet. You ain't have all of these vehicles that would get that shit out there. My nigga. He's talking about nigga got sickle cell. He was going crazy. Nobody did that back then. Yeah, No. I mean it, that nigga took It somewhere that nobody ever did And it was a relative hit. You know what I mean? It wasn't this kind of hit, But it also lasted the test of time because people will make memes out of the first line.


You know, like first, first of all fuck your bitch and the click you people use that shit for everything. What was it? I would actually like to hear a Melyssa Ford rendition karaoke version of up What? First of all, first of all, First of all, first all, And the click you're in, You are in your group, You and your friends. Oh man. Oh shit. Eddie's doing it again tonight. Hmm. Eddie's doing it again today. Hey Toronto again? I think so. Right? It is double headers. I was shocked. I was shocked. Not, not, I wasn't shocked, but I paused for a second when I read that he had 25 police car escort take him there and immediately after the show, take me back to the airport.


I'm flying home. Smart man. I'm Going home. So he's not there again Today. I'm not. Oh, it's not? No, he, no, he is there. Oh. But he went home after the first show. He did not stay. Oh well I'm Not mad ready? I'm not mad at that. No. I think place here. Yeah, he's Out here. I'm Not mad at he came to New York. It is time to go minutes, be back on the play 45 minutes away, head back Out. That's superstar shit there, boy. Yeah. And I, that's superstar shit. And not for nothing. That's just a testament too, to the power that this boy got in Canada. Yeah. That nigga Drake is like the president of Canada, my nigga. So I'm not even gonna take no risks or nobody doing no dumb shit. I'm not having the, the the, the I'm ready to hate. I'll throw some hate out there. Concierge nigga or the, or the or the nigga bringing the food and room service doing some stupid shit.


I'm not, where Do we get that from? That Drake is the president of Canada. It's a joke. I mean It's, but it's not a joke. It's not a joke. But It is a joke. You don't think that Drake has been the biggest art artist in Canada history. But That's different than, I think that's very different than being the president of Canada. He could push a no no, but in terms of He can't make some things happen in that city if he wanted to. Yes. This is what I'm saying. You're right. Yes, you're right. I'm not negating that. I'm Not sure that he would even, I'm Not sure that He would do it. The bigger, yeah, the bigger fear would be someone doing it on their own volition. What I'm saying is Right. That's that part. That's true. What this concert showed you in Canada is there's more to Canada Not disagreeing with that. But there still don't take away the fact that there are stupid little motherfuckers that'll push a button thinking that they doing something for you.


Y'all not gonna be able to smell Kendrick's cologne. Not even in the elevator. Once he get off, y'all not gonna be able to get near him. I mean, who's shocked by this? Let me ask you this, who's Shocked by him announcing two back to back dates out there. That little idiot dude doing all he can to threaten thing. Who's shocked by how Kendrick is moving? Nobody. No, but you just still said he is taking precaution and had a 25 car convoy bringing him back and forth. So he not he don't share the same sentiment as you. 'cause if he shared the same sentiment as you, he would've stayed in a, a Toronto hotel somewhere. Or Canada Hotel. I don know what talking not Hi, jetted it outta there. Yeah. I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, It is, It is bigger than Kendrick at that point. What you talking about?


That's possible. That's possible. Nobody is allowing that to happen. I'm Not Disagreeing. He's outta there. You can't get near him. Cool. I think he's saying proof, the proof of Drake's power is the fact that he's taking it To series. The fact that the, the company did that. Fuck, let's say it's not Kendrick's team, let's say it's not Live Nation. Let's say it's td, let's say whoever It is, somebody is acknowledging that something could potentially happen. So they took a different approach to this particular tour. I don't Yes, you're right. Okay. I'm not gonna put that on Drake. No, because this is a big broadcast. No, I'm not saying him. We are saying that a fool could think that they standing up for they hometown. Right. And do some stupid shit. We see it all the time.


Somebody could be like, yo, I'm representing Nobody's negating this stuff that you saw. Yeah. So, but you saying that You think it It's, I'm speaking Overstating Itm. No, I don't. Oh, you, you recognize a threat. Yeah, that's What I'm saying. I'm speaking to the ability to move a certain way once you do This is un really heard of in touring circles. Yeah. Yeah. The the, the magnitude of this song and this beef is unheard of. True. The shit that they, they, they, they put the country in a fucking No niggas got shot by people really died with pocket biggie. Yeah. Niggas died by and hit 'em up. True. I'm talking about they put the country and on pause, the magnitude, the battle. Yes. Magnitude. The beef. No.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Battle. I just wanna highlight that this is not normal activity for a tour to fly back home when you have a, I think that flies. I think that's super fly. Oh, beef Fly. They went and tore up New whole king That place The Chinese spots. They Really, they really came up stupid. Oh. What New Old King might wanted Real Attraction for sure. Shit. Like A tourist attraction. No, ain't no like, yeah, It is a tourist attraction like Game Of Thrones. Are you Talking about a Chinese restaurant in Toronto? Yes. Yes. Yeah. That was songs. This video of video. Got it. Kids in there just acting a fool. Listen, I'm happy for them man. And again, recognize that this is over a year later that we had this conversation.


What a victory. Last boy. Yeah. Damn near a year. Damn. Near year. No, Over a Year. No, it was like June May or June. No, the, not like US anniversary passed. Yeah, It was, yeah, it was like Memorial Day weekend or something like that. Somewhere around there. May, June. Yeah. So, but even, even to that, did we think that he wasn't gonna sell out them stadiums? The average concert goer is some lily white person that could give a fuck about that shit. I wanna see the music. I wanna hear the music. I wanna see the show. That Stadium was packed. Like that video was filmed from the rafters. I could believe It. Shoot. Yeah. Insane. I Could believe that. I I I wouldn't have doubted it. That shit is impressive. Yeah. Listen, shout to Kendrick man. Yeah. Shout to Kendrick. Super impressive.


He still on the run. Shout to Toronto Word. Shout to the people that had a chance to see what that was like. Especially out there. That had to be a moment. Yeah. Shout to Drake, man. I don't want to under, under sell his participation in the most entertaining beef of all time. Yeah, that's true. Y'all playing around now like us. It is cool, but it's some other heat. I Remember pushing DT with a man whipping two Mazdas Grocery shopping and Royal Plaza. Me and Lils broke first. Fuck that now. Shit nigga. The most me and say, oh my God, I'm nigga, I'm nigga Mr. Gucci and Prada. Alright man.


That's the shit that dropped today, right? Yeah. Easily. The worst song I ever heard. It's Was in my life. The worst Drake I ever heard in my life. What was that? A Single homeboy I ever heard in my life. Single EP Bulldog, Him and Smiley. Some Nights I want cut because the city's been hot. Lava Waterloo Road. Me and said, oh shit girl, that's, and they calling me that because Yeah, I can't. Yeah, that's bad. I Can't, y'all, I'm sorry. That's bad. I'm sorry. When Ice Man drops, if it's some shit on there, I'll play this. This. No, no, no, no, no.


And no. I thought it was interesting they canceled that Ana stream or pushed it back rather. Yeah. I don't know what the, I don't know what the impetus was on That. What he was supposed to go, well preview the album right? Or something. I don't know. They said that something was supposed to premier. What Was the stream of SD Dre sap. Oh. Oh, it was a video. Video premiere. It is a director video. Got it. Okay. Who knows? Anyway. Yeah, It is Pushback. Y'all See that Sabrina Carpenter album cover? I did. I did. I Was about to up. Oh, it's interesting. But why is it interesting? It's Provocative. I provocative. It is interesting. But get the people CI see everybody trying to figure out the meaning behind it.


She's on her knees getting her hair pulled by bed, right? That's the Yeah, She's on her knees With a ribbon on. Yeah, she's got a black bow. I mean, I don't know if that's a part of the deciphering. Okay. She's getting her hair pulled by a man. Right. Who you don't see. She's in the kind of what would be seen as like an oral sex kind of position. Oh, a Submissive. Yeah. Submissive position. Yeah. She's on her knees. Her head is up to like his, his pelvis. The album name is Man's Best Friend. Right. Oh, she's getting into her freaky bag. Okay. I mean it's a big jump from Espresso. Indeed. I guess the pushback is what that people that, because I've seen pushback on her tour stuff because she does some racy outfits stripping her clothes off thing and parents are taking their kids to these shows and they think that that's inappropriate.


I think, I think that remember Christina Aara Ara? Yeah. Said basically when she first dropped, you had to do everything that the label wanted you to do. Right. Right. So you gotta put out this what a girl, you gotta do all of that shit. That Was a good to me. Don't shut Up man. You know, we done did that before, but yo, But when the Real You comes out your album, your next album, once you prove to be successful, they give you a little bit more leeway. This might be the Real her. Well these are also both these are, so we're talking about came from Child Star Disney or Nickelodeon. So your first couple projects, the labels want you to still do the Innocent Girl bullshit and you wanna talk about giving blowjob.


This is, this is weird. So I'm on her page and I, I'm, I'm a extremely passive fan. I like some of her music. I don't rush out to go hear it, buy an album, whatever. So a lot of people are debating in the comments whether or not this was a use of irony and sarcasm because apparently she has been very vocal about the concept of Decentering men. You know? And so this definitely is completely opposite to that type of rhetoric. So I Dope. Well, we don't know that because we haven't heard the album. Yeah, That's dope. Yeah. We, we don't know it.


So she's, She could, she could very well be doing just that when you hear the music. Yeah. And I, and I think that's The album cover makes a whole bunch of sense. Yes. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. So because she's got people up in fucking arms in her comments. But there's also why They suck a dick. I, I know. Why do people be up in arms about shit? Y'all suck Dick and Behind. It's not the trigger trigger warning anybody that has yet to suck a dick. That's not no, it's no trigger. They, y'all love sucking dick and get their hair A little bit and the crazy shit. Yes. That's your Bag. And the crazy shit is people be stone cold freaks behind closed doors and will critique the other freaks in public. That shit is nuts to me. That shit is insane to me.


BI Think part of It is report. I don't think that that's what's happening here. No, I don't know. We took it a Yeah, I went on a tangent. Yeah, I'm just saying. But even if it's not what's happening, I think it's dope. It's a conversation piece to go look at my album cover. Yeah. And I hopefully Buy my shit to hear what I'm talking about. I think a lot of artists, artists go through this, You know what I mean? First, I mean, I think y'all right. I mean the Disney thing I think is part of it. People first saw her as a Disney person and even though she's 26 now, it's like At what point do you stop looking at, you know, praying proper and innocent. That's not who I am. And then I think artists want people to be, we want artists to be who we want them to be. Remember when that's the way love goes came out that video, which People lost their fucking shit. Yeah. Nigga. And J-Lo was in that joint too.


I know. Anyway, Getty behind me. I can't sit on this couch, man. It is a horny ass couch. I know, but like, no, but people were didn't love that. And by the time Janet got to the velvet rope, that whole stretch where Janet was embracing her own sexuality, sexuality, niggas was not happy. That's true. Some people, people didn't like Beyonce does things too sexual at some point. It is like, we want shit people to be what we want them to be sometimes. And as a parent, you taking your parent, your kids to these concerts. I get it. That's different. Janet was riding the nigga on the, You know what I mean? Right. I get it. I'm just Saying, oh boy, stop. Not get the fuck off as a parenting kid. A concert in some concerts, kids Shouldn't kid should not be Yeah. If you, if you gonna the concert based on the first three album. The album, But if you a concert based on your friend your kids, you Are bad.


That's your bad. That's true. Agreed. Because that's what Britney Spears like, people like their this stretch. And then the next album is this thing. So you, I'm bringing you the concept thinking about these three. That is true. And then your date, your fourth album. You you riding date. Wait, we got Some Mel Shade coming. Go ahead baby. It's not Shade baby. Hit me one more time. She's dressed up like the naughty school girl. We could see the direction she was about to go in and it was fuck Nickelodeon. Fuck Disney. I'm that bitch. And you about to see it. Like, come On now. And, and, and as a parent, if, if you are only as a parent, if you're only familiar with the first few projects, right? That's what your daughters are idolizing. And then you go take your daughters and you spend this money and she coming out Christina Aguilera with Red Man in the water on her knees.


Like you like what the fuck? Yeah. Concerts is is one of the, one of the topics where I just don't want to hear none of that parent shit. Send your kids to the R Wave concert or some PG 13. Shit that's safe. Let Disney me on ice. Let artists be artists. But the Harper Saprina was the department Harper, she was Pg thirteen's Mark. I comprehend that. Yeah. For most artists, there was a time where you could bring your kids to this show. You could bring your kid to the earlier Prince show. You could bring your kid to the earlier Tina Turner show, the earlier Madonna show. Then when Prince got into his erotic phase, maybe you should leave your kid home. When Madonna gonna justify my love. Maybe it's not for your fucking kid to wearing Cols on her shirt. No, I'm gonna, there are kid friendly concerts and, And also Sabrina was sort, was leaning heavily into like, you know, that whole Betty Boop kind of thing.


That pinup girl. Yeah. This is a foregone fucking conclusion that she's trying to shed the innocent look and you know, kind of spread her wings into becoming a woman and examining what that means to her. And it's gonna take different forms and shapes. Thank you. The older that she fucking gets, especially you, you could see her leaning into it from her per performances on award shows. Right. Dog. There are people out there that have a different type of relationship with their kids. There's porn stars, there's people out there. If you want to do that with your kid, cool. Normal kids. Sit your fucking ass home for the show that starts at 9 30, 10. Sorry. Everything ain't gotta be kid friendly. That's True. True. Agreed. Agreed.


That's true. Agreed. So yeah. Yeah. Let's Sabrina get in that fucking bag. Thank you Cory. But now because of this album cover and because of, you know, what people like the Frenzy is causing, I'm, I actually now very interested to hear what the songs are gonna be about. So I guess it worked. Mission fucking accomplished. Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of them kids whose parents are outraged, they're gonna sneak and get the album anyway. They're absolutely going to maybe even more. And all the parents who are outraged, you gotta remember we were listening to two live crew. We were listening to Adina Howard and there, I'm sure that there's like a white version of what I'm saying. Yeah, there is. Yeah. Madonna, Right? Madonna, okay. Yeah, sure Prince. There's a whole like, we gotta remember that at one point we were a kid, we were sneaking to listen to the shit our parents would not have agreed with us listening to.


So Yeah. Yeah. No that's real. It's just, it's a rite of passage. I just hate that we that some, somewhere along the lines we begin to treat music differently than movies. Like movie are gonna, the movie will let you know when a kid ain't supposed to be there and if the kid tried to sneak in the movie, gonna do their best to get they little ass outta there without a parent. Yeah. Like there's some artist that just ain't for your kid to show up Here. I think it's more the disappointment. I think you're right about everything you just said. Take that to the millennium tour. But that, that be the shit though. Sometimes that be the disappointment. It is like my kid could go to the, the bow Wow. Show up until this point. My kid could go to the such and such show up until this point and now they've changed and now I'm mad.


Like You Right. Don't bring 'em to the show. But like, I think that's why people are outraged. I think they just mad that they can't do that thing that they could do. I could depend on Sabrina before I could depend on Brittany before now I ain't got nothing. Everything being kid friendly is what ruined part of my experience. Watching the Yin Yang twins perform at BET Awards. That shit was hilarious. They wait till I show you this, wait till I show you this, but they still said skeet, skeet, skeet, skeet. I was like, yeah, till I still show this And the stupid kids today, they don't know that that ain't had a song go they kids when that song came out. Ooh, Wait Till you see my dick. It was pandemonium in the clubs. Now look what y'all made the ying twist do. Wait, I show you. So you wanted Them to say, wait till you see my dick on BET I'm an adult.


I'm an adult. What do you think I wanted them to say? They Could have just blocked out Dick And bitch. Right. Where do you see my dick? And they had, and they had the, the delay song. They had it Delay it. That's the song your kids will impeach you with when you talk about their music. They be like, wait, y'all was in the club dancing. Where do you see my dick? So the Sweat drip down my ball. Fuck That. That's really a bad clean. That's a bad clean. There's such thing as a bad clean version. What's a good clean for that? How do you clean up? Where do you see my dick? What would you do as a, as a artist? Sh Where do you see my, I like that. Or they or they do like the moans like Sound, Sound effects. Okay. So you wouldn't change the bar Sound effects or noise?


You can't Hit him with the Oh Well I mean I wasn't, you know, Whatcha Talking about she Might not have did the Voice Talking. Got you, got you, Got you. I mean, you know What else is there in music? What else is happening in music? Pretty Quiet Release week. I don't think I caught much of anything. I want to enter a new line into the worst bar that Hove ever spit. Okay. Okay. Not that I was ever doing a segment on that before. Now I don't know what the worst Hove line is today. I got a few But, but as an adult, I'm listening to Addicted to the Game the other day.


Mm. And that beat is Keep calling my Name. Yeah. I love that song. Love that song. And I hear Hove say in my dope brain now, I guess I'm more like a bitch with a belly, but her ass is tight. I got hair in contact. We gotta we gotta break this, break this down. I got Contact. What's the problem? I get it. What's the problem? I'll get it. It's, it's a weird bar for a dude to say For a, I'm like a bitch with a belly, but her ass is tight. I need Ass, maybe I need context. What happens before, what happens after? That's what I said. Okay.


That ain't the greatest bar for a man to be spitting With some oil. My belly has been replaced with other forms of starvation. I guess it's just the need to be heard. I need niggas to say, I can't believe your words. I'm just an addict. Addicted to music. Thought sporadic. I gotta un confusing Sort of like a rubs cubi. Every album of color when I fuck like bitch with a belly, but a ass is Right. Right. So Same. So I need to hear How Y don't understand me still, I never enjoy my success, but my family will.


No, no, no, No, no. He's Not getting this one. Break that for Ish. You don't Get it. I get it. I just don't think it's like A, a gif and a curse. Like, yo shorty got a little fpa but her ass is fat. You understand what I'm saying? Like it's like, eh, So you like that? That's A horrible Lie. That is a horrible lie. Afua Got that good Shit up under there. I'm not saying the sentiment is wrong, I'm saying a rapper saying that. I'm like a bitch with a belly. But a ass is right. Get some more bitch with a belly. But a ass is right. No nigga. Nah, I, I'm not I hear you. The way you spit it at first, that might be one of the worst Jay-Z lines I've ever heard.


It's all great. It is not a good line. It is not. No, it's Okay. He said it fly. He said it fly. But It is not bad enough for me to come to the show with it, but, but it's not his best work. What do you think Is the worst you had? You said you had a Couple, I mean, it's just for me, it'd be the corny lines or shit that don't make sense. Like what's the joint? Is it already, where does he say I'm half man, half mammal. Oh yeah. When he was, That's worse. That's 10 times worse than that. Right? Like you can't say you half man mam. And he sung that right? And he was singing It. Is that already home? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Nah, that, that, that, yes. That bothers me a lot. Horrible. Horrible. Yeah, it's pretty bad. I went back and listened to that jail electronic album and I still, it was, It is Not Good.


What? Not good. What? Written Testimony. That's The one You Are Outta Your Mind. That's the one with him and Jay-Z. Yeah, Jay-Z went crazy on That album. The electronic, his album. But yes, Jay-Z went crazy on that album. JI what? Yeah. Mark. You Could wat Oh yeah. Y'all Don't like that Album. You could get your pitch higher and Higher on that album. Yeah. I'm about to be Mariah. I think I remember, I remember liking it at the time, but I went back, I was like, I Just do it all the time. Okay. I love that album. Makes sense. I'm a jail, jail electronic. I love jail. Electronic Is, yeah. He's among my greats. I Just don't think of That was Very, I should say Really? Yeah. Okay. Y'all fucking me up with that. I'm, I'm shocked. I like jail electronica a lot. That's why I'm surprised. Like, Yo, you know the era where you have to say that It is over?


Y'all don't have to say it. I do. I like, y'all might be stuck in whatever year that was happening in. Y'all don't have to qualify That word. I'm gonna say Jay Electronica is on my list of artists. You Like him for other reasons? 'cause it's Cold Nation shit. Shit. No, I, I he, there's almost no jail. Electronic Conversant I think is whack. Well, There aren't a lot of those. Let me ask you, there aren't a lot of jail electronic conversions. I think that's, I think rap. So y'all niggas would all me. I don't, I don't hate him. Why would you hate him? He don't rap. No, I think he Can rap. He about to. He could definitely Rap. He, I said he don't rap. He means, I said he don't rap. I didn't say he can't rap. Got it. Do do you think he held his own on that album? Yes. I hate the production. It is really my main thing.


And a lot of it was him. Respectfully. No, I, I think I would've liked some, some of the sonically some stuff I didn't like. Even the way it was mixed. Some a little bit. Yeah. But I thought he rapped his ass off. I mean, I, I wouldn't do an album with HOV for my debut album. HOV held his own. But no, I thought Jay, I thought Jay Morgan. I thought there some verses where he got the best of them. Well, we'll have to take your word for it because I heard that album. No one heard it. I heard It and March Heard it. It was nominated for Grammy Bugged. Lot of people heard it. What does that mean? The the album The only nigga that listened to it. That doesn't mean that a lot of people are at Least five people listen to it. You should you Way more. No, It is a great album. And you got more work coming. I know for a fact. Just talk to me and say I I know for a fact. I know I'm sure buddy.


I know. I'll be excited to hear some new Jay Electronic. That album just was not it for me. I'll Be excited. Hear some new Cardi. I'd be excited if a new Big L verse drive like, wow, what Are y'all talking? That's a big difference. Nos not We Got a new s Slick Rick album today. Well up. I wanna have my fan One Album. Album. Yeah. Bitch. There's a new Slick Rick album. It's part of the mass appeal rollout thing. Which a big el album is coming on that I'm curious to see what that's gonna be. It, it, it sounded really dope. There's a couple records are a little housey, which I didn't love. And it's really short. It's only like 27 minutes long. Oh Yeah. It's, It is pretty dope. It's nice to hear just like Ricking And I'd rather be 2025 Storytelling Still.


Yeah. There's a record for you on there. Actually. It's called Landlord. Oh shoot. Nas is on here. Yeah, NA is on there. Q-Tip did a beat I think on there. That's dope though. Oh, I'm Aisha's gonna like landlord. I might be asleep. I'm Gonna listen to this. You rapping about putting people out? Kind of. He's rapping about the, the trials and tribulations of being a landlord. That's funny. It's not my bag to put the people out either. I know, I know. They can pay the, they could pay the red height. Take a niggas the straw fuck outta here. Which I, which I cut off after 20, 20, 25 minutes. I cut that shit off. Oh shit. 30 maybe. Alright, we got JLL Slick Rick. What else?


Ski root damage. Total time capsule going right now. Let's do it. Who else? The nicest move You Right. That's Redhead King. Pin Drop Souls. That's funny. Son. Intelligent Hoodlums got one coming, nigga Said Redhead Kingpin. Oh my Lord. That's Funny Nigga Rap. There was a Deluxe Wayne album that I'm not pressing play on. Can't be no Worse. Yes it could. It could, It could. It could be more songs from that session. I was hoping there was Some remixes of, because some of those songs would be better just with better production. Well Nicki hopped on Welcome to No she did. That's true. That's true.


I didn't hear it yet. I heard she got talk about it. She got Busy. She got busy. She took a, she sounded great. She took a couple shots. I ain't listening to no rap shit. I don't care Today. RB drop. Huh? A RB drop Chris, Chris Brown dropped a single. Yeah, actually I'm gonna play it as a sleeper. Okay. Nothing else. That really Amari drop something just songs. Songs Dropped fucking Kehlani dropped something Kehlani drop. I probably play that. That Was, yeah that was my number two. Well Yeah, nobody asked you for your number two. Nobody asked you what you was playing nigga. Yeah. Number two, when did somebody announce, because I Thought you would've played the Number two sleeper.


I thought you would've played the Chris Brown song on the segment. So I have to, You can't pinpoint nothing. I'm about to ever do good. I'm not predictable in that manner. Okay, cool. You don't know what song I'm getting to nigga. Okay. Jia fucking L And Sabrina Claudio dropped last week. Didn didn't notice that Album. Is she still racist? I forgave her. Oh, okay. Listen, y'all still been letting Doja Cat Rock. I'm letting Sabrina Claudio rock. Same. If it's fire, it's fine. Yeah. I can't help it. Fuck it. I hate that Fucking morals have made their way into music.


Why? I do hate it though. Like why do we know who's a racist? Good question. Why Do We on social media, why do we know who's, because They outed themselves. What do you mean this Is everybody didn't out themselves. It is a long Yeah well tweets they kind of out. If You write a tweet, if you write a post on your Instagram, if you write some shit for the world to see it, you gave it to the world. Do somebody want to tell me Where's Sweetie at? That's a good question. She must've, she must've got wiped up or something. That's what Sergeant did. Damn. Well that's, I'm just saying that when people disappear for a long time, male or female, Sweetie.


Ice Spice. It's a few people. Where the fuck they went? Their whole little sub genre is a little light. I won't say nothing about Mariah. Scientists having one of my favorite songs out right now. That shit is fine. And talking about it nowhere during the That Shit T Awards and why that could have happened. No comment. Huh? But it's funny. We know. We know. I don't know why. You know why? I don't know why. I have no idea why I know that that song is fire enough for her to, to have done a couple interviews. What's the song Called? I don't know but it's fire. It's a Dope song. Yeah. Burning Blue. Burning Blue. It's dope. Okay. I played that song. That song song is fire.


All the girlies are playing this shit. This shit is fire. But Young Thug kept dragging her around everywhere to I don with a mask. The things that hiphop is allowing. Lemme See that Wass a folk little mask. Oh my God. That nigga said you are not going to do an interview over here. Holy shit. Now this song is all the way you get the point.


Yeah, that's hard. You get the point. That sounds great. That song is Fire Mariah Scientists. I hope you allowed to do an interview at some point. Gotta be careful. Who Else was looking fun at the BET awards? On my, on my second viewing Fucking oh they, they tear Erica Min ass up for rolling up on Bow. Wow. Like that. What'd she say? She just popped up on him while he was like doing a, a interview Or while he was working? Yeah, he was working. She popped up on him, said surprise and are you proud of me? But she was real happy and giddy. But the internet was frying up because of some abuse shit that I ain't touching. What? I ain't touching it plan anytime. Somebody a abuse somebody out there.


They want me to go. No, They No. Sorry. What else happened? Funny Moneybag. Yo was going viral. 'cause his picture at the BET awards. What'd he do? He Looks like he's had a quite a bit of bro talk. No, he got a lot of shit done. He looks like he got a lot, a lot done. And I guess people are just now noticing it wasn't the most, the picture didn't favor him the best. Oh okay. Could have been bad lighting, You know. No, he got a lot of shit done. No, it's definitely not bad lighting. He got it done. Whatever they saying he got done, he went and got it done.


Niggas is so secretive about the shit, nigga. We got eyes. We remember when you came out and we're looking at you now. How Would you guys, what would, what do you think the response would be if somebody came out and said, yeah, you know, I got a little bit of brotox here, my here and I got my eyes pulled up here. Absolutely nothing. You would get clowned for a Week? No. It depends on, it depends on nigga Funk. Flex recorded himself putting cups and lipo sticks in his ass. We clowned him for a week and everybody went on with their life. It depends on your image though. Some of these people's images are of this What? I can't kill you if I got my body done. I, yeah. Make this make sense for me. What can't I do if I got my body done like I'm A thug nigga.


Da da. You getting your eyebrows twerked or Your the thug niggas is the ones that's getting their body done. I, I don't know that. I'm just saying. I'm telling you. So that's why a nigga would want to keep it secretive. Why Is vanity seen as like a feminine trait? Yeah. No, but you, It shouldn't be. But I don't know what he got done or allegedly got done. But if a man went out and started getting his, He's at to, he is, he didn't get the height right. Cheek bones and all that shit change. Well Isn't that vanity? It takes away from some of your is a rumble. How, How You can't be like a vain thug. You can't bust your gun if you got your cheekbones lifted. I feel like that would be beneficial if you bro bust your, you know, like get your shit. That wasn't me. Yo, somebody else Get mugshot will be t you know what I'm saying?


Or that crazy. Yeah, Yeah. It is hard to be a thug with like Yeah that kind of vein. Unless you're a pimp, that's like the o that's the one space where you're supposed to be vain. You get your hair done, you get your nails right. You know what I mean? But you can't do that as like a regular like gangster nigga. You Can't walk. Come on, Look at all the things you get Can't do. I don understand that's The problem. And the idea of masculinity. That's it. Get lip Then your Lips injected. Can't lip. I can't believe you on this side of this. Why? Because your A is laser. I'm Not Gooch. Alright, so let, let's, let's be clear with That was medical. No, not just that one. I'm not, I'm not just that was it medical? No, I'm not a thug.


That's number one. I don't portray myself to be that To me voice man. All right. Anyway. Number two, my old James, if Some, if somebody got they ass done, It is not getting they face or some nigga you got hair removed from your body. That's not getting some fucking lipo lip shit. I will agree with with this with It is we're not seeing his ass. What are you talking about? We're his ass. There's a difference. It's not Even remotely closed. You getting hair removed off your body. Your Ass, your ass. So that's not, and you shave your Balls nigga. What's the Difference? That's not your ass. Again, It is all about sort of what we think men do and men don't usually Their Well there's a reason Why you Kind of, that goes against your, I'm not saying it's wrong with saying We fighting.


I think, I think one y'all niggas don't know the niggas that's shaving they ass. Hopefully y'all don't know the niggas that shaving they asses. And I think niggas is out here, male escaping and grooming themselves way more than we talk about. Manscaping Is different than Your Ass. That's who Us. We're telling you You're wrong. But it's Okay. I'm not saying it should be wrong. I'm just saying niggas do make a distinction. It's your ass nigga. I don't care when you get, You not getting your as you getting your balls, you getting all of that shit done at the same time. It's just not, we made jokes about it, about the ads 'cause it's funny. But that's what comes Into that. You got, you got the bundle, you got, you got Allstar, You got the daddy makeover, The Allstar package for sure you got the Allstar, the Allstar package.


Sometimes you can't go all natural. Sometimes you gotta get some medical intervention. That's What You thinking. Mel, Go ahead. Ma'am. I I just have a question. So for, for all of you. Oh, so when you manscape the front, why are you doing that? What's your personal reasons for it? I have an idea, but I don't have a dicking ball. So. So the woman that you're with or male, if you're, you know, five Months, easy, easier Access. They don't want that. All that. Trust me. I know we don't. So we appreciate manscaping. So I don Fucking like that. Shut up anyway. You right. I am. Anyways. So you Amy. Yeah. So that's the point in making it easy access. Sure. And hygiene. Hygiene And hi and hygiene.


Got it. And Hygiene. Okay. So If my ass is in the mix, then maybe I want to cater to it. Yeah. Oh I feel I in The mix of the shit that you're doing then. Right. You need treat it, treat it. Right. So you should, you must have been the first nigga in Line. I don't do none of that. Oh, okay. I don't do none of that. The shit that you do, You don't know what I do. First of all, I don no, I know there's no action in life. It is that part of the show that made me say to myself, you know what, it make this go smoother. So all I could do is assume what you do. God, You, It's okay. You got it. I, yo I don't k change. I know we, you couldn't possibly.


But anyway, It is all About that. Good. Are there, would you do anything else? Nah, I'm not a fan. Is There anything else that you Do Once you take it there? I'm not Now. You might take it further. Like would You get nothing? Nothing. No. Would you do any other plastic surgery? No. Not just on your ass, but anywhere? No, no Botox, none of that Really. I think, I think growing aging, I mean growing old is a part of life. Would you, what about Hair? Hair? Would you do hair stuff or anything like that? It depends on, I would try the holistic route first. They could have taken the hair from your ass that you've lasered away. So recklessly Pass That thing up And then I'm looking at his legs.


Hair is hell. Like how does that work when you hit the spin move? Yo, my what? What the fuck is the spin? Are we back on c I Don't know what's happening right now. Oh shit. Sorry. Now what is this? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I, I hit something. I thought that was the breaking news noise. It was you all, you lucky flipping. I'm Sorry. That's all I got For you. Okay. Hairy legs continue. Yeah, I'm just saying when he hit the spin move it looked like a whole different person. What's the spin move? Some shit you be doing. I don't, It sounds like you don't remember. Yeah, I don't know what the Fuck that is, But It is like, all right, you got it big dog. Anyway, you got it. No, that's Not I I Not your thing. Yeah, I ain't Was there any procedures that you would do Mark?


I would definitely do a hair procedure. Okay. For sure. Okay. For sure. If I like at some point I'm gonna need it. Okay. Sooner than later. And I'm, I'm all for it. I have no shame about that. Yeah. I would do calf implants. I was about To ask would anybody do the calf implant implants? I would Absolutely do c That's perfect for You. My wife wouldn't let me because Like, wait, do you wanna get taller or you want beef? Your cat, Your cal wife Boys be doing a, he wants to get away smoothly. The c is gonna be An issue with your gene tightness. That's gonna, they Gotten bigger since I've been on the show. Look, see Yo dog. Why? What's, what's the purpose behind? Because white boys do that. I never heard no black person saying that. Like the White boys watch you trying say No. The white boys in Miami and LA Dog, he's Trolling.


That's the thing For the white boys Along with. Right. Because niggas the ones getting their ass cleaned Shaven. I've never heard of a black person saying that they wanted to get their calves done. Never. That's some white boy shit in like Miami and the spots where they be Bodybuilding and shit like that. Usually if their calves are deficient, it also is Miami shit for the surfboard white boys with the dongs Because the Versace house had lots of that shit. I wouldn't know the Versace nothing about that. But that, Fuck that. That's what makes it weird. You did that without the invite. I'm hairy and down there is for hygienic purposes my nigga. I don't know what Though. What's the hygienic about?


You Dooo call up. I about say what is happening on your ass cheeks. You Need to, you sweat in the summertime. You be mad. It, I'm not hairy. So that's what I'm saying. I don, I'm not hairy Nigga. What? When the last time you sweat you'll do nothing active. When are You sweating? The Jamaicans do your lifting. You sweat all the Winston, Trevor. Yo. Are you stupid? Yo, What's wrong with you man? Any, what would I do? I would do something. I can't think of what It is, but I would do something. Yeah. I had no shame about it. Would it be a, would it, would it be something super vain? Like a muscle or an enlargement or would it be like something more like cosmetic s like Yeah, like, like would it be something function?


You know what I mean? Something actually, lemme ask you. An Enlargement is cosmetic. Yeah. And it might be functional though depending on like for example, not, not talking about you, but just sexually, some people get penile enlargements not because part of It is cosmetic, but part of It is just a functionality to it. Like you please your partner more. If, if I had, whereas my calves would just be because I wouldn't be able to wear shorts. Yeah. If I, if I, if I had a teeny meat, I'll do it. I would, I think I, I think, I think that that's part of like Mel talked about breast, breast implants. Sure. A lot of women feel more feminine with that. If I had a little meat, I'd be in the line my nigga. So you holding Sign me up. You, you holding? I'm Cool. Is it pack? I'm Cool. It is said I got big meat and ale ass.


I'm ready for summer. Oh shit. His meat wasn't big enough to make him say, you know what, I don't need to be cleaned back here. Do meat sauce nigga. Keep making improvements. Fuck that. Do your meat. Oh my God. If your dick is big enough, you don't need to do that shit. I, I It's All right dog. I'm 49. Everybody, It's your World. I'm 49. It's your world. Everybody got an all star package. Yeah. That's cool. It's cool. Stick to the rivers and the lakes, You know what I mean? 49. Where your dick shrink when you turn? 49. Why you keep saying no, I'm telling you nigga that my dick has been sufficient for 49 years. Sufficient.


Tell Audience. Sufficient. You heard him? Sufficient. That's the word. Sufficient. The woman said to me, it sufficient. Yeah. You not, yo, you're not holding my boy. Hey, you told me it was sufficient. Hey big dog. Yo, you're not holding my boy to you. You got it. Okay. Sufficient. Sammy over here. You got it. It is sufficient. I ain't gonna say that anyway. Parks, would you do anything? I'm confident in myself. I'm good. I'm good. Maybe I, I guess a calf would be okay, but it's, no, no, I'm cool. That's it. I would do the laser rod. I mean you did Invisalign. See that's the thing. Sometimes like we normalize certain cosmetic things. That's true. That's true.


Yeah. I guess I, I guess I already am. I think about LASIK too. I might be lasik. Oh That's interesting. That's another functional one that's, I put the wrong contacts in last pod and I like went home with a headache and I was miserable all day. And I was like, when I got home I looked, I was like, oh, I had the wrong shit here. They're that far. The whole day. They're that far apart. They're not even that far apart. But it's enough. It'll make your day bad. Would y'all do the fake muscles? Like some, I've seen rappers have like the fake abs. The fake biceps fake pecs. Nah, I'm packing too much for that. Fuck It. I'm mad Sufficient nigga. You know how sufficient I am. I don't need no fake muscles.


Sufficient. Who the fuck he would fucking Jo? Jojo? Yo, Joe. Joe. I know what that Means. I know what that means. I'm getting out the way He said ESMO twins and, and you were referred to as insufficient. Oh I would be Really? You right After the ax. Someone said that was sufficient. Right? Sufficient is Crazy. That nigga was sufficient. Oh my God. Anyway. Melyssa Ford, anything for you? Yeah. Hmm. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know right now. I might maybe in five years feel like I wanna get Botox or something, but then I'm just like eh, what if I really hate it and what I had was better.


So that's why I always err on the side of caution. Just say fuck it. But it's Temporary. Right. If It worked right. Filler chicks be looking fucking crazy. They be looking crazy. See that Botox is different. It's temporary. Right. It'll go away or something. No filler because they gotta keep coming back Filler. You gotta get that shit removed outta your face. The facelift should be looking crazy. Yeah. Depending on, it's the expensive one. Brad Pitt got a facelift. His shit is fucking gorgeous. Demi Moore's facelift is fucking dope. Kim Chris Jenner just got something done. I don't really know what's happening there because they do so much alteration to all their videos and shit like that. It's a couple actresses in our community. They shit, they walk, they look incredulous all the Time now.


All communities. Some of the shit that people would be saying is fly. It ain't fly to me. Yeah. It it, It is too much and you can't undo it. Yeah. Yeah. I don, I would get lipo too. That's the other thing I would definitely like if I couldn't burn a stomach at some point, I would definitely You do that before Ozempic. Yeah. Yeah I'd be right. Doctor real Ozempic might make that nigga disappear. Might go into like some portal somewhere. Black mirror. Yeah. Dog matter. I Read an article somewhere that the one of the side effects of ozempic that's been happening in the male community is it's making people's shit bigger. Oh really? They're you mean their dick? Correct. Got it. You get a little more dick outta the action.


Thank God I'm sufficient. Yo. You come in here 40 pounds lighter Next month. I even though he did some bullshit, I feel like they should put that in the advertising. Oh that's not like shit off the show. What Is their dick really getting bigger or are they just, their body's getting smaller, smaller, smaller. So now they can actually smaller And can, it's like tripping the tree. So you bushes so the tree looks Bigger. It It is. It's scientific that when men lose stomach they get their meat back. I'm Oh that shit justling up in there. What side is this? That ain't even something you research when you sufficient. How do I Get my, why do you even know all this shit nigga? God damn. And you did lose Mad weight just now. I'm I'm gonna spare you. You got it. My I don spare. You don't spare me.


Got it. Hey somebody tell me my dick ain't sufficient. I'm gonna just go shave them hairs. That's right there. That was my answer to the male question earlier. Why nigga, You know what I mean? So the projection so the bush Tree look bigger. The Dick pinks look better. Yeah. Yeah. Don't play. Oh shit. Yo. Some of the All right we at the part the pod where I'm just about to start rambling. Shit that's on my mind. Some, some of these make sure I Take notes. Some Of these medical commercials out there are fooling me with their new style with the background music. Oh yeah. They taking black hits And putting new And with new white voices on it and it's hypnotizing.


Gimme the song nigga. I'm in the crib cleaning up. They talking about some real love. Oh yeah. I'm searching for some lying now. Looked up. Was so white people walking on the water? Yeah. Psoriasis medicine. Yes. No, that's what they doing. And they took CT Penton keep on walkin Crystal Waters. They taking black classics and putting them on these medical commercials. The fuck wipe on your masters. Be careful. Be careful out there. That's it. Niggas will Repurpose your shit and sell it to Pfizer. That's Fuck. Nah, that's fucking crazy. Did you See that company Hypnosis that was buying all 'em catalogs Sony button bought the shit back?


No, it's Crazy. I don dunno why I just thought of that. I guess in the licensing conversation. Yeah. So all that shit, people sold their shit for however, however many millions of dollars and then shit ends up right back with Sony anyway. Right. Mm. Wow. That was crazy. Are we gonna talk about Air India and the survivor? Yeah. Oh Soul Survivor. C 11 a expect price hikes Work. Oh yeah. Well only if it's by like a door. 'cause that's where there was an emergency door right there at 11 A. No, you just talking about that. No, It'll just be price hikes for 11 a. It ain't gotta be by a door. Yeah. People are superstitious enough to 11 Is already a lucky number. Got it. Okay.


Yeah. Nah, I thought the price hike would come with that. The emergency exit door. Let's get to homeboy. Wait, we call it, we call it Ghetto first class. But that's how he survived. He survived because he was by the emergency exit door. So when shit went awry, he jumped out the plane. Wait, he didn't stop to assist the other passengers. None of us are gonna do that. Oh, I don't even pretend I am. Well, I mean Assistant. Well you gotta, He opened the door. I just kind of look away when they ask that question because I don't you Oh no, they, they'll, oh you supposed to. No, they'll say you Have to say, you Have to say it. You have to verbally say yes. You cannot. I, I'm be skating by, but I also haven't been down there in a long time. I Lie and say of course I would help them first.


Wow. First after me. Well I think, well I think consumption is just an obvious lie. It is helping. If I open the door, that's The point. That's that's What And get outta their way. 12 help y'all. It is far down there. Fuck what? I'll Let you know if I'm making it work crazy. Well that's what the help was. You know he opened the door. It's just nobody followed him. Yeah. Nobody was able to because They were jammed up between 12 being 13. Terrible big fool was in 16 eight child that That's The thoughts and prayers to everybody that lost their family members and their No, That's tough. Homeboy's brother was on the plane. Who? The survivor. The dude. The survivor? Yeah. Oh Got it. His brother was on the plane.


Thoughts and prayers for sure. For everybody who lost to life. Over 200 people. It's Been so much plane shit in this last 365 Make me not wanna travel Word. I think that's their plan. It is to scare everybody outta travel And, and to stay on. If This was episode of 24, that's what we would be happening. And the crazy part was they showed the plane dog, it was in the air for 30 seconds. It didn't even reach, you know, full altitude. Yeah. The super, super high altitudes. It came right back down and everybody still lost their lives. That, that's, imagine If I'm the survivor dude and I'm in that type of horrifying experience and jump off and survive. Don't crowd me. Like I saw the video. I think it was human reaction to crowd him Get off me.


My man had his arm around him walking him. People was feeling, yo dog don't touch me. Right. He said he called his dad told his dad that the plane crashed. Like, and my, your brother was on that plane. You know what I'm saying? So That's incredible. I think, I think it's just human nature to, to surround him. Like, yo, you're the only person to get off the plane for sure. You, you good. You you know that. And the fact that he walked, yeah, he was walking after that just happened. The adrenaline, how you walking fuck around could move a car. But again, thoughts and prayers. It's crazy. 200 and it was a big, the big joints it was 240 people minus him. 2 39. When you survive a crash like that, does that make you Survivor's guilt?


No. No, no. I don't care about that. I wouldn't have none of that. Would that make you extra cautious or would that make you feel like you could do whatever you want? Like you playing with house money now? I don't know If I would take flights anymore. See that's what I wonder. Like, or would you go the other extreme like I'm good Become a pilot. Yeah, like you get a, a plane crash once in a lifetime. The odds are so infinite testimony that you're getting two that you might be like, fuck it. I'll just That's True. Yeah. Got it out the way. Yeah. Yeah. But if you survive the first one and get caught by a second one, you're adult though. Yeah. You, Yeah. Yeah. I'm not even about to play that game. I survived one. I'm biking it City Like It is Train. Yeah. Nah, sorry, sorry buddy.


You might start feeling invincible. Yeah. Yeah. I would be walking around Mode. You might start feeling In invincible. That'd be me. I'd be on God mode everywhere. Like after after playing I would be walking around Like I was extra sufficient. Sufficient at his fucking Super Sufficient. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. Talk about quick thinking. Hmm. Like only he thought to jump And with the bravery to be like, fuck it, I'm jumping like that ain't necessarily promise to do you the best. You're right. I mean listen, every time I picture something happening and me having to bust a move, I get caught at the door. Jumping out of the airplane as it's going down is fucking crazy.


I don't know if it if it it hit or if he jumped when it was mid air, but I know he got out that bitch in a timely fashion. I wouldn't be able to open that door. I don't even listen when the lady telling you how to open that Door. I don't even know how to open door. I be at my damn. Yeah I be, listen She be saying important shit up here. Yeah. And and I know you travel a lot but every plane is made differently and so please listen to everybody. Yo. Is it wifi? Yeah. You right Samantha. You got it. You got it. Word out nigga. Hey, When they start serving The food, Oh pardon me? Just trying to tell you how to save your life in the event that something goes wrong, You worried about some fucking Zinfandel. I'm trying to save your life. Right. I'm good.


Let's see what else is going on here. Let's see. Speed and Ashton race. I don't fucking care about that Niggas Racing. Joe, you got something on the board and I wonder what you thought about it. You said Mount Rushmore of power trip jobs. Mount Rushmore of of power, power trip jobs. Police. I saw this as I was running around's. George Washington Please. I saw this as I was just perusing the net. Thought it was an interesting talk. I wanted to ask yo you guys' opinions. TSA is on that list. DMV is on that list. Bouncer at the club. The bouncer club. The club bouncer is like a Lincoln.


He's like Abe Lincoln, you know. Yeah. IRS agent. Them niggas, if you're getting audited they they ignorant. But the club nigga got it. The club nigga and the police. Yeah. Police officer. See police ain't on it for, to me you make the Rushmore, it has to be a gap between how much, how cocky you should be and how cocky you are. Alright nigga. I agree. That's why I don't count my nigga. To me it's like the person that Chipotle it be Sam to be managing the fucking the chicken extra crying up the street and the cops is just kicking it and they double parked and you can't get by and they be like, so yo, we, so that's some bullshit Reggie Miller was doing. You are like yo my nigga. That's true. Fuck is you doing? People gotta go home. Bitch Kicking, don't kicking yo. You know we got pulled over yesterday. Who? So my driver really, who has never been pulled over while I work.


He Drives 12 miles an hour, nigga I was gonna say. And he only got one speeding ticket in his whole fucking life. But anyway, we got pulled over. I forgot how it feel almost. Was it inspection? No, he was speeding. Oh. He was doing 37 in the 25 in Englewood. Trying to make my, he doing Black and A white trying to make my barber appointment. That's what And it was a black officer that pulled us over. I'm in the back with my window raised. So and so took longer than I expected for him to find his paperwork. So we was there for a second. You rolled The window down And said no I did not. I about say He didn't just say that Joe with Me pump. I didn't roll the window down. I don't do that shit With the police. I don't do that well anymore anyway, So keep Going.


When I, when I was unlicensed I start singing pop he 10 minutes, I just need 10 minutes off. Anyway, He kept us there for about 15 minutes and then he came back to the car and he said here and so was shitting bricks. 'cause you know him, he's scared of death. A speeding ticket. And he gave him a warning. Yeah. This is a written warning. Black guy saw up another black guy and when he did that I said man I rolled the window down. Thank you. I said Thank you so much man. And he said, and I just shook his hand and I'm like yo, that that unsaid black shit Man, Fuck that. You don't know if I was your driver.


I'd have been like, nigga, if you did that 10 minutes ago, I wouldn't had his goddamn warning. I don't know what. So I would've rolled over that. I'm draft like Joe. I don't think my driver knows I'm famous. Really Joe, shut up. I'm deadass. It is not possible. I don't think. Well it's not possible. He don't keep that in mind as he drives. He don't. I met him by the way. Nice guy. I met him a few days Ago. He sweetheart. Super. Yeah. Amazing guy. He's too earnest. Like he, he follows the rules and put all that shit. That's yeah. He is A good be hood African Man dog. I'll be seeing him in the hood be like so hey buddy. Like yo, just a nice guy. But I roll up with her down to keep my four points, two points. Yo. Look, look Anyway, shout to the black cop Englewood that pulled us over. That was, that was salute.


That's fine. Good looking out. Good looking out. That's, I interrupted our story. Who you talking about? Mount Rushmore of internal jobs, Power Trip jobs. Yeah. Bodyguard, I mean bouncers at the club. TSA Fast food team leader, supervisor. Those beat the motherfuckers. I'm with you. I with the motherfucker checking your shit. That's why I don't go to Walmart now. But down south The door. You like yo fan. Oh the guy At the door to receipt check Costco. That's a good one. I cursed a out in Costco one time. Why? Down down. They don't have a right to do that. They, that's against the law for them to really to check your receipt. Mandate. To check your receipt against You can't make me do that. What can't make you do that? Can't make me do that. Can make you do that To see if you might've stolen something that is against, from what I heard, it's against the law.


They cannot do that. Oh I can, I'm learning something new but I cursed the people out in Costco one time. This lady. 'cause yo, she was all in my shit like yeah ma'am you don't know what P 1268 ZYX mean on the receipt. Right. You tell em it's why lotion for my ass ain't Cart full of shit. She just let him mosey out and I lost it. Mm mm I lost it like yo, why you ain't do that shit on their account? Why you ain't fucking so even You even you go through things like that My nigga you a couple shades darker than me. My nigga like You ain't the most, they treat you like that. You ain't the most motherfucking Afrocentric yo. But nah, I lost it straight. Lost it. I Don't even stop for them no more At Costco's.


I think that you got to, I think you don't. It's membership. It's membership. Membership. It's a membership. What, what do They do if you keep going They could take your membership. Oh I see what you're saying. You saying like what I'm saying got Walmart is a public place. Like I don't gotta succumb to that. But if you are a member of this particular, They can take your membership. They still can't legally keep you there. But they can take. Yeah. So, But nah, I lost it. Y'all playing around at them fucking white places. The nigga at Best Buy tackle you down to the ground. They will. You try to get by him. He he gonna pull out a nice lawsuit. They Yep. Lawsuit Because Best Buy niggas going in there still stealing DVDs, putting them niggas coal out of business. He had a lot of pressure on it.


Yo. You get looked like bitch ass nigga What nigga that nigga be watching us steal CDs nigga do it then It is like a game at the exit Nigga like the Wire because Best Buy got the double double sliding door. Our exit injured nigga, nigga was stupid. No, The niggas, oh shit. The the, The, the security nigga at the club has the least reason to be who he is. Yeah. Right. The, the very least reason to be who he is. Right. And that'd be the, oh and that's the other person. The the the per the sales person at a really, really high-end exclusive store. Mm Oh yeah bro.


For Sure. Like you can't buy nothing in here yourself. But you treating me like shit bro. I just read an article about Snoop follow Me around. Yep. It says about who? Snoop said Snoop bought some high-end car dealership so he goes in there on some incognito. Shit the manager told this nigga like three or four times. I don't think we have anything in here for you. And at this point Snoop owned it. Yes, he's the new owner again. I don't know how true It is. He's the new owner. He's sitting there waiting for the, he's waiting for the region. Look I I'm, he's waiting for the regional manager to come. Let's check our Googles. Yeah introduce him. He don't Give a fuck neither. He keep going. Googles Bro, your Voice is too strong to keep My nigga.


You'll be like yo, I don't care About the facts. Check your Googles tell your story they gonna fuck you talk about. Yeah but there are facts out there for them to find. Okay. You will blatantly say yo, I don't know this shit after. No I'm right. Ah, He, he is right. He is Right. You text Snoop. Nah bitch Snoop Yo. So they said Car car dealership manager kicks out Snoop Dogg. Shane ain't kick him out. But she was real, real rude to the nigga like Yo, I don't think we have anything for you here. I think you would be better served if you went up the street I could give you to sending them to some cheaper dealerships. And the nigga was in there for mad long waiting on the regional manager to come to introduce him as the new owner.


And that lady was mad, rude for mad long. And then they said Snoop talked to the whole staff and he was staring at the lady like, yo we gonna treat everybody the same. Like this visual thing that y'all doing is not applicable. And to Mark's point, motherfucker's been Neman. Marcus be talking to you like you broke motherfucker. You in here can't buy this shit In Neiman Marcus. No they make some money in Neman Marcus. But to Mark's point and depending on if you're part-time or not, no I got some Neiman Marcus people's I want no problems. And your your, your girl told me to tell you how again In Neiman? No it's this older, it's this older white lady that loves Joe. She sells you cologne. See you think I'm trying to be funny Porsche, her name is not Porsche.


Oh The same lady. 'cause I talked to her, she quit Bloomingdale's. Well How do you know everybody in every fucking store? You talking about Porsche, She quit Bloomingdale's. Yeah. I don think you're talking about Pia not there anymore. I text short Name. Yeah. This nigga's amazing. Sure. Everyone in Jersey, literally I call him anytime. Be like yo I need to, he'd be like, he don't just be like, go to the sleep, go to the store, make a right. Ask for this guy with a green hat on his name. You just know. I know what he got on yo. But talk to her. Nice. She just went through some shit with her kids. I like what the fuck you did this to me two weeks ago? It is stupid. Yo nigga, you ain't just doing it be two weeks ago. Two Supply. Yo. You're welcome my nigga. I'm just trying Thank you. Just trying to help my brother man. We moved on from the Snoop segment though. Yeah, it's a question.


It's a Questionable no need to continue to research. Sorry, I was just Interested just No, we moved on here. All we need you for this next segment. I'm In here. I'm here. CIA Chow. Cia. What is our next segment? Motherfucker Is stupid. Yo. Yo Joseph, did Mark change his number? I was hitting him and getting green. Nigga who the fuck Are you? But Thank you for handling some of my fielding some of these calls for me man. Oh shit. That's hilarious. You virtual assistant. Yo. You don't got the nigga number saved. No, I don. Oh man, that is hell. You try to scroll up to see the context. He's like who the fuck Is this? See he too famous.


That's hilarious. It must be Pete. Yeah, I think that's Pete. Who's Pete? You know Pete? I don't know why you don't got Pete. Save. Who the fuck is Pete? Okay. Simmer down. Anyway, I Don't question you about the content of your in your phone though. I would love To. You do. You do Though. I would love to. It's Cool though. You do. That's I would absolutely love to. It's All right. You just did that the other day. But it's cool how quickly we Should that person is still, Still was Still asking for you to visit. Oh, gotcha. It is. Don't get me crazy recording.


He like, alright, what else is important? I don't have too much. Antonio Brown supposedly wanted for attempted murder for that shit that happened outside of that wrestling match or whatever he was doing. No, They tried to rob him. They tried to rob him. So the story is Gotcha Or, or was reported. I don't know what happened and what didn't happen. And I'm not gonna just take media. I don't know what happened. Right. Yeah, I know he got in a scuffle. First report was they was trying to rob him and he let something loose. Apparently he went in, he said he didn't get arrested. They let him right out after he told his side of the story. But I'm getting that all from tweets.


I don't know the facts of this. True. It's hard to follow the facts of anything Antonio Brown related. Right. Or just, just, just in immediate period. That's True too. So according to the Washington Post, police in Miami-Dade County are actively seeking Brown in connection to a may shooting incident in a celebrity boxing match. A judge signed off on the arrest warrant Wednesday officially charging brown with attempted murder with a firearm. The alleged incident took place just after midnight on May 16th in Miami's little Haiti neighborhood. Brown was reportedly detained at the time but was released a few hours later per the warrant. Brown must post a $10,000 bond and will be required to serve house arrest if taken into custody.


That's it. That's how they handle attempting out there. Yeah. Niggas am I it's excuse Florida. Florida House arrest. It is Florida And a drug program put on Stay in the house, nigga. Yeah. Just a little time out, out. Stay your ground. If you could prove that them niggas tried to rob you, stay on your ground, they let 'em go. You not shooting a gun in New York or New Jersey and going home. You're not possessing a gun. Yeah. Word. You could have that shit. You not going home. Yeah. Nah, that's not true. If you, if you're licensed out here, True New Jersey. It's just so hard to be licensed. You're right. And New Jersey just came out with the, that's Where they catch, can sell shit for having something that's that not licensed.


But if you are licensed, you get rights that regular people don't get. That's True. I'm trying my best to get, I don't think you could carry in New York. You can't. You can't. It would, there's a lot of It is a very small number of people like carry, like carry on your person. It's a, a very hard stipulations here. Gotcha. Yeah. Like, because Jersey is getting more, a little more lenient. They're Fighting for it now. And I'm hoping, 'cause I, I wanna be able to carry in This state Jersey getting lenient. You got the girl's address right. I don't think you can open carry though. Yeah, they got spin back on that bitch. I Told you I was riding up the street. That nigga. Oh yeah. I forgot you're working with the family ReSTOR Justice that Yes, Restorative Justice. Justice. Thought I had some mace. I rolled up on that nigga the other day. That nigga, You keep telling that story. It wasn't going in the way you wanted it to.


I didn't want, I was saying it's up to my man. Yeah, I know. Yeah. All right. You know what I'm Saying? I rolled up on that nigga. That nigga look like all I do is he pop the truck. It would've been too late. No it wouldn't have. I was on you. But anyway. It's all right. Fair. Maybe with the Mexicans you had, that's about the only reason I was by myself. You was by Yourself. I swear on everything. I was by myself. I swear on everything you were. Think about it. I was by By Myself. Think about it nigga. Think of who was in the car with You. Nobody was in the car with me. Oh, They was the short Mexicans. I was by myself. You wasn't think About it a bugging. I'll tell you after the thing. It was a dude but it was, it was. Yeah. You was not Alright anyway. You forgot you had a whole person sitting soul Getting, he don't consider his workers as people.


Mr. Ish was Mexican. I don Ish. I don't even have a Mexican work on on payroll right now. Marcus lying me. Okay. This is crazy. He said I ain't nobody in my car Mr. Ish. This Guy fool son. Oh man. I got a question for y'all that don't have anything to do with anything at all. Sure. It's the best. Should we as a people stop going to airports as if we just rolled out of bed? Yes. Yes she is. Yes. Yes. No. Yo dog. It's a level of decor. I knew this very unserious topic with Division. No listen. I think, I think we as people, I'd love to hear both sides Should go outside presentable.


Wherever you're going. Like presentable. You don't have to be dripped in lace. I just think you should look decent. Like wherever you're going. I think when you go into fucking Target or Walmart or something and people be having that wild shit on. I think that's crazy my nigga. Because you don't, you could put on some t-shirt and some jeans. There's definitely a weight Five, 5:00 AM flight how you feel The same same, you know, you're going on a 5:00 AM flight so the night before Sit sit your sweatpants off. Yeah. You could still have a respectable set of That's what we talking about. Yeah. What's non respectable? Maybe. Maybe we got different Now. I seen motherfuckers with the head wraps. I mean not the head wrap stuff. Pajamas, bunny slippers. No, the the bonnets. Bonnets my nigga. I seen people get on a plane. What's wrong? Bonnet at the airport.


That's, that's what I'm saying. I think for me, nobody else, I just think that's Ghetto. Yeah. Like I, my mother used to tell me, what'd You think with James Fucking asshole? Hey, I fucking hate you. Your lemme just tell you what your wig decisions are starting to get me in trouble.


So are you doing this shit like a river? Yes. Like my mentions is like, yo dog, yo nigga, nigga, you just gonna let her keep doing That shit. And yo they be mad because I'm like, I don't notice that. Like I'm Working. Yo my nigga you One of the most in tune Dig niggas to femininity And girl shit and shoes. How y don't know. That's a bad Wig. Yeah. I don look at male like that. I don't know that. Listen, keep the pressure on his fucking comments. I'm trying to get a raise. Okay. So just, Okay. Yo dog, I promise you I don't be knowing. Wait. A good wig is related to a raise. That's what they're, that's why they're on you about it. No, no. I don't pay you Mel, on you Read this wrong Mel. I don't pay you and they on me.


Okay. Yo dog. That's your fault. I'll be like, yo dog. I don't know that I normally don't notice me. The last episode I noticed. Okay, well but in general I said what was going on last wrong? That shit except last. How did get, I didn see it until I got home. How did We get here? Why are we talking about This right now? We're here. I'm surprised by your airport tech with some of your weak selections. As a matter of fact, if No dead ass, because she's saying she agree with this As a matter, as a matter of Fact, she saying if she feel like that about the airport, then bitch, how we feel about our job people, how do we feel about coming to work? It is 200 People at the airport tops.


7 million people here. There's more on gang. Hello? That's bad. Okay. Early enough flight. I'm not putting a wig on. How about that one Bandana and ball cap. Shut up Corey. You don't even have a fucking mic. Think Corey should go home. Nah man. What? Talking? I say you shut a certain way. Mic. Nah, hold up one second now. Now. Shit. He said bonnets. I was basically talking about tie. That's racist. Yeah, that's racist too. He would That how He never heard none of none of this shit.


These are all pretty hot topics before the bonnet thing for black women, white Women. We are bonnets nigga. Alright, I'm out here. I'm out here. Yeah, I I'm just talking about tacky period bull pour me some waterproof motherfuckers be coming on the airport looking crazy, Crazy. I I I'm never gonna get dressed up for the flight. I like wearing sweats. Me personally, I like wearing sweats. That's why I do sweats. I do the, I find my oldest dirtiest sneakers, them, them drawers right there as matter of fact. Literally. And for me, part of it, part of It is the less, the more dressed down you are, the more people are Incognito. Yeah. People that's, nah, that nigga wouldn't wear that. Mm. Part part of It is that, and and part of It is I just don't want to No, I, and I don't care what people think.


Dog. I like putting my hoodie on my head when I'm sleeping on an airplane. So I try to wear hoodie at all times. But you wearing a fresh new, clean, fancy looking hoodie. No. Nah. You wearing it after bro. I could Go in there with a, a Nike, a Nike sweatsuit on. I can go in there with a Nike sweatsuit on it. Don't, That was a shot. I got It. It was not a shot. It was a shot. It was not a shot. I could go in there with whatever on. It was a shot. I don't be, I feel you on that type of time. I just think that, I think whenever you leave outside your door, you're supposed to be at least presentable. Mm. Again, you don't gotta have fucking Armani on. You could just be presentable. I think we all agree presentable. I think the question is what constitute presentable. It is presentable for us.


When You show up in like, you know, pajamas and fucking bunny slippers and shit like that, it's, you're not in bed. I'm not mad at people to do that though. Yeah. Like I, it's not a thing to me. Here's the thing is you can literally take those bunny slippers, put them in your bag, and when you get on the plane, knock yourself Out. That's not true. Dude. Your bunny slippers take up way too much room Shit. Seriously. They Squishable. Yeah, but they take, they're fluffy. They take up like, put a pillow in you, your bunny slip slippers take up a lot of room. Okay. But, but what's, what's your issue with somebody who wants to come in with the bunny slippers in the airport? It's, It's not necessarily, And maybe that's extreme. The pajama pants. Yeah. Right. We're just talking about etiquette and being presentable. Yes. And there's a way to be really super comfortable by wearing sweats rather than looking like you are about to crawl into bed.


And especially if it's like a 10:00 AM flight. I agree. Like it's kind of ridiculous. Like this is a part of the day in which you would normally be Clothed. Do you do, does your opinion change for a red eye? Same? No, not really. It's the same. No, it's the same. I just took a red eye back from LA to here and I made sure that I had very comfortable loose fitting clothes on so that I could recline into my bed. Yeah. I think it's a wide, again, you don't gotta be fly. You could have a white t-shirt on and some basketball shorts bro, and some sneakers and be on an airplane. If I'm on a red eye from New York to LA or vice versa. I'm definitely not mad at some plaid pajama pants that somebody has on effects. Not, I wouldn't do it 'cause I'm wearing sweats no matter what.


I'm wearing sweats. I'm sweat day, I'm wearing sweats for night sleep. Not sleep. See, Irony. I'm not even talking. 'cause pajama pants, that's a loose interpretation as well. I'm talking about, you can look neat, my nigga with pajama pants on. You can have some sneakers, pajama pants with a hoodie and look neat. And Uggs put out 20 million kicks that you could wear to the airport down. You what I'm saying? And not look like You could have on a hoodie with pajama pants and sneakers or Uggs or flip flops and be neat. I'm talking about the people that come to the airport looking, bro, I'm, I see people with plastic bags, they shit falling out the bag. Damn. Like it, it gets, it gets Accepted. Yeah. I'm him. It gets egregious. I'm think you'd be talking About Yeah, it gets egregious.


I Think that's crazy. Why are you at the airport with a plastic bag? Because sometimes I'm doing a lot, like for example, I'm flying to Houston next week and you have a for Juneteenth and you have a Garbage bag With you. No, I'm saying I'm flying in, in and out the same day. Right. So duffle Bag, sometimes I bring the duffle, but sometimes It is like, I Know you got a nice duffle, I have a decent duffle, I Have a decent duff or like a little, you know, carry on. I don have a decent duffle, but sometimes like, I'm not traveling with a DLE already. Yeah, I know. Because, because I got my book bag and I, I can't have two things that I don't, I don't feel like yes you Can, yes, you can Carry on in a personal item. Yep. You can sometimes, but it depends on which, what flight, what airline. And sometimes I don't want it, I don't want to have it on spirit Checked. That's where I don't wanna to. Yeah. And sometimes I'm on spirit because I'm with the people.


So long stop. Alright. You got it. If it's the same Way. No, That's true. Okay. Mark. Mark Garvey. Yeah, mark Garvey. I ain't gonna ReSTOR please. I would rather do spirit than have to spend the night there sometimes if I wanna get back home, it's more like that. So since I'm in a situation where I'm just, I'm like, I'm gonna just bring this and I wanna change. I'm just bringing the, the bag from the store I've shopped at to the airport. So now I gotta suit stuffed into a bag or I got my sweatpants stuffed into a Barnes and Noble bag and I'm that nigga and it's, and It is tearing through the bag and somehow I'm carrying it through like this and I look crazy, You know what I mean? And I'm wrinkled and I might have Chipotle sauce on, on, on my top of my t-shirt and I don't give a fuck. Cory told me the other day when Cory looked in my car. Your car is home. You still got that Pink, the pink car. I never had a pink car in my life.


The Hot red, cherry red Car, the Barbie, John. It Was a rental, as you well know. Is that car going? It was a rental. You asshole. But are you still in it? And it's not. Anyway, Cory looked at my car withy eyes. You know I, because I don't litter so if I'm drinking the, I throw the water. So you literally, he Littered in the backseat Up my car and then I cleaned my car out at, at a point Corey said, yo dog, you don't gotta live like this. Like, yo, you don't have to live like this. I'm, I pass that to you, my brother. You walking through the airport looking like, Mr. Yo, yo gotta live like that fear. I, I'm, I'm, I'm comfortable. See that's funny. I expect It is car to look like that. You said you did or did not? I haven't seen it. Oh, You would not? I would expect his car to look. I would not, no I wouldn't. 'cause he's so neat and together in every other area.


When you asked me to get them bottles out your car that day and the first thing you said was don't say shit about my car. So I wasn't never gonna say no air 'cause I don't, do you know what I mean? Yeah. Okay. But when I opened the door I was, I was like, are you and potentially other member of the cast like living it out, this motherfucker I, shit, I put A, I put a lot of smut on niggas that are not on time. Mm mm That's interesting. I put A lot of smut on people that are, I think The thing that's interesting. I think all of those things tie, I think it's really good. If you didn't have time to be on time here, then It is safe to assume there's other areas you didn't have time. Lot of disorder. I would agree with that. Like Cleaning a car. No, I agree with that. Oh, that's interesting. I agree with that. You know, somebody comes to like detail the cars like here while we're, I get my, He got a again Don't Winston, you know, flip called me, I give and asked for the portable car wash nigga to come pull up on your crew.


He's Doing my car right now. Nah, my man, I really, yes, I got a homeboy that do it. Yes, right now. Send me his info. I would do, Ill send it to You. Right. Yeah. My man. Do it. Get your call off. Will he, will he get the snow off Now? Shut the fuck up. Yes. Yes. He'll get the snow on. So tell tell him He can can go right. You know, tell him It is right in the front. Hell yeah. Yeah. Got rid of that old car washer. Right. Hey, the old nigga, he wasn't doing it right. Nigga scrape wasn't right. You know what I mean? Got rid of him. Wasn't sufficient x that zero shit sufficient. Oh shit. What did Shannon Sharp.


Oh. What did Shannon Sharp say about Nick Minaj? What did Shannon Sharp say about Nick Mosh n joke? Shannon Sharp apologizes to Nicki Miz Minaj after Distra. Nick, Nick Dis him on a song and said that he said something. I don't know what he said, but Nick shot at him on the song with Wayne. Pull it up. Pull it up, pull it up, pull it up, pull it up, pull it up, pull it up. Let's hear it. I got no, I wanna hear it. Oh, the distract. I don't wanna read a distract. I want to hear it. That I can do. Okay, where did you go? It's on Lil Wayne's band from NO. Okay. Okay. Sorry. I'm I'm sorry. I'm just, we don't get on hip hop from you or Pitchfork even how you came in. It turned Lil Wayne's on this track. He did a recording.


He has. Alright, here we go. We got some smoke. Oh, she starts her bitch Lunch says she about that action. I until she scream nose before even the walkin the Can we just get the Nick's gone dark then that money now can, if that's what you call a game. She don't like me, you blame her.


Can you blame her? I, the the sw on these indicate her cake for days. I don need a baker one Ana best dressed. They won't go far. Ho ain't don't call me mother. You ho ain't my daughter. Every season in a wind ten four kick city for the wind, we outside smoking indoor bitches. You deaf? I'm signing at the in store. Where is the disc? Make a queen bitch you soul, you better get a seamstress. When I dead them, I don double back. Peace bitch. Say you're pushing P Okay, rest in p bitch about to cap your slides or you do a flip flop.


If I the pick of Shannon, you ain't that sharp because you still can't spell the, and the F is for phenomena. Okay man, that's Not a dis I didn't think that was a that I thought, I thought that she was explaining more. That's why I asked to hear it. But yeah, but if I send you a picture of Shannon, you're not sharp. I don't know that that is distancing Shannon Sharp. So what did Shannon Sharp have to say? He said in the la in the latest episode of Sharp's nightcap, blah blah blah. He said he was, Why do we care what Shannon Sharp has to say about a distra? I mean this was literally on fucking billboard. He's But that's another one of those. Yeah, It's probably gonna be on People Magazine and a whole bunch of shit name because It is Shannon Sharp and Nick It, it started because Shannon Sharp a long time ago said Nick who, And He explained that he was talking about Nicki Haley, the, the governor of South Carolina and not Nicki Minaj.


But he said it was a misunderstanding that when he said who he wasn't talking about Nicki Minaj, but Nicki took it as a dis, which is why she did the Shannon not that sharp thing. Got it. Right. I'm going back to my beat. Got it. Can't can't give you them four minutes back, but It's okay. Thanks. And Nikki said something in her Twitter too. She said, if I send a pic of Shannon, you ain't that sharp. Yeah. Nigga, you thought I forgot that Nikki. Who? Shit you did laughing my ass off. Just kidding. Oh, There's gone. There you go. Ochocinco, There's the D. Right. Ochocinco almost caught ariz just by being around your crazy tell self. Mm.


And that's why Shannon was like, look, I don't want no smoke. I don want no problems. He's like, look, it was all start over. I got no problem. He's let's start over problems. Got it, got it. Right now I understand. Yeah. Shannon haw. I'm getting to the, I'm getting that old where somebody gotta explain to me the rest. The rap Distance. The rap distance. I am old. Old. It's all right. Crazy kids. I don't think I have anything else that is that important. Let's see. And boy we got everything on the board. Chow. We did Chow chow.dot dot ellipses. Let me just check my list right here.


Mark Mayes. Mount Rush Moore airport man Lewis Money back Yos. Sabrina Carpenter Grammys. What's up with Dame Dash? I'll say that for Patreon. It's calling you Ella rapper. Yes. There. India Speed. Ashton Ray, who cares? Kendra de Toronto. Antonio Brown. What's up with Sweetie Hove line? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yep. Hit my list too. That is my entire list. So with that being said, let's see what they are sleeping on out there. That this Kehlani song is hard. It's tough. It's Kehlani song is hard. I'm not gonna hold you. Shout to Kehlani. Shout out to Dixon. This record right here is called Folded.


This is fire. It Is. I didn Away All I had to do ask for space. I'm telling you when I told you fall. So can you No matter what you do.


Story. That's the crazy I don if you Brand new music from Kehlani, that record is called Folded available in your phone and on DSPs right This very second Sounded great.


Kalani's on fire man. Kehlani Shout. I'm playing. This is, it's like a rough from off Instagram. Marlon Kraft posted it but I thought it was great so I'm gonna play it. It's called Thin ICE. According to the caption. The caption, yeah. But it was hard. Can't Chase an open wound. All broken heart north, swollen conscious. I don't know where to start. Look it all we tear apart meniscus of our nation's gone since we took our lands. Natives on them long walks. Four tears on the trail. They told them they put ice on something beyond repair but can't deport that despair, that voice in you that feels less and don't know how to care for someone whose predicament you share.


You ever think about how Donald Domos daily, I say this 'cause I'm at this type of age. We start to think about the long game and how I spend my final day. See it sounds simple, but I can't fathom how we choose to spend them hating. Like really hating, killing and destroying families. Chasing pinnacles of prophet than avoiding sanity. This ain't even a world of be a part of for much longer the cruelty. So casual, no doubt of fear of karma. He's hating for the love of it. The joy Roth from destruction, I think to invoke king. But is it possible to love him? The evil love the images to prey upon the innocent. I hope that when I'm 80 that my ambitions dwin in that my chase of power grieves replaced by presence.


Spend days with trees, relieve my inner stresses. I hope to have won through lives that I've enrich and not be chasing, winning blind to what It is. I look outside in the kids's partial, the large, bizarre Sne Marshall, we drink the Kool LA in. It's too late to say, Hey guess I sat on the wrong bar stool or read the wrong article. But I ain't trying to start a few. I still got a particle of hope. We'll see all we have in common and the power we ev vote fuck a single initial vote at the cost of others. Freedom. How can't you see you all them or that you could be them? The two are the same. I'm maneuvered the pain, grateful that I have now to elude some of the shame that's born of helplessness and misguided delusions of fame.


I sit and make the same song. Should I be moving my aim? A lot of famous folks speaking up but not living up. I ain't casting judgment on stone nor giving up before you critique silence. Check on who's living what. This digital space ain't real. This where the symptoms bubble city kid never felt tied to country. I think about leaving these days when they disgust me that I remember what they going through just to stay paradox of my privileges. Parents carried away from their kids in the grand beneath my more morality getting slippery. The ice melting will drown soon enough. I hope we learn to swim better than we learned to bluff. Feel like I'm back stroking through the mud. Yeah, That is cool.


You Can't touch an open Wound though. That is thin ICE. Marlon Craft. I thought it was great. So I played it. I'm going to cb. Okay, new song came out. It's called Holy Blindfold. Alright It is Chris Brown.


Holy Blindfold. That's dope. Pop more of the pop pop bag I feel like. But it's a great record. Shout to Chris Brown. Big mail Mine is called Who Better by Poy. Okay. I wasn't, you came in something a game.


You just, It is crazy How Touching my body. I we It is crazy how That is Povy.


Who Better? Nice little Diddy. That was beautiful. Mark. It's Friday. I'm doing some old new music, some soul stuff. Okay, doing Ena. Okay Bambi, Let's go. Where is Jed? Where the fuck is J At? Good question.


I don, I dear.


Sometimes I I jealous alone Always knew that this day The I run between, I got the wedding invitation.


Bam. I'm happy that he wants to make a family, but y'all get promise I'm gonna run up in the church there. Scream in your name baby. No one can you. No you No could take it from me baby. You ain't go nowhere.


Yes, I deadass. Daylight. Come man. That's what I'm like. What? Oh this was the shit right here. Good show today man. Indeed. Good show. Today. I was gonna read a part, a part of the show, but these people are really long-winded in here. Next. Povi. We haven't done one in a while. Yeah, Wednesday we'll be back. We'll do a few of them on Wednesday. Shout to everybody in a part of the show. T on Patreon. If you are not a Patroni, please sign up right this second. Indeed. Even though some funny shit happened on Patreon the other day. My girl magically was subscribed to some white girl that she had never seen before.


Patreon, you can't put no U2 albums in nigga's phones on on there. They trying some shit out man. Hey, subscribe to all them people. They put in your feed for the free. Yeah, a talk about Patreon soon. Alright man, this was a great child. Oh, keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do Farewell Adio, sirva, dci OTA arvo. So long. Goodbye. Or a simple head nod will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments.


Hey and moments pass. Look at Mark, mark jamming. Like this is the business man. This is the shit. I love this song too. But you just funny how much money this nigga made off this song. I don't, 'cause I wasn't pocket watching, but I'm sure it's a lot. A lot. I'm sure it's a lot. We never heard from him again. He ain't have to. Well no we heard from him Bobby McFerrin. What? Bobby McFaren did Pop. No more pop hits. But he had a string of like independent or what do you call it? Like, like jazz, classical, all kinds of shit. Grammys. He won Grammy lots of Grammys after. Wow. And shout out to his daughter Madison McFaren who is making great music right now. Shut up Mark. Enough of you. That's my sister. Enough of you. Enough of him now. God damnit with that shit. Careful what you asked for man. Sorry.


Facts. Yeah, no, now we cut it off Madison. Since he got restorative justice for Bobby Mc, Farran's daughter. Fuck him. Let's see. Serving, there we go. You always tell, What is everyone doing for Father's Day? Come on, give it to to me before we leave. I have no idea. We'll go see Pops. Whatever my girl prescribed. Wait, what? What? What'd you say? I don't know. Oh, just whatever she do for you. Yeah. Oh.


Saying I gotta, I gotta, I'll be in Chicago on Sunday. By the way. If anybody It is in Chicago. I'll be at Saint in a church. Come unarm me a bear Mace at home. Come with just your spirit and message. Right. Otherwise don't come with no CIA shit. If you really wanna see Jesus bring some Bear Mace. He gonna beat that nigga fast. Hey. Amen. Shit. Oh man. Alright. So It is waiting to talk to wife. You see what's going on? Oh man. Mark is going to speak somewhere.


Of course Parks is going to see his dad for the seventh time. Just this month. This guy every week. He's down there once a month. Mel, will you be spending Father's Day with a dad out there? Huh? With your dad? Hey, well father daddy Probably not but I'm gonna go protest this weekend. Are you? Yes I am. What are you, what are you protesting? It's the no Kings protest that's happening nationwide in defiance of Trump's Trump and the administration and their bullshit. Okay. And also just for everybody out there, if you happen to see cops on horses that are attempting to beat you, well this might be too late.


Go the Other way. Well it might be too late, but beat you on the horse. But some of the things that you can do, You kind of deserve it. Let somebody on a horse, that's not the message we wanna send. I'm just kidding. Y'all cars now. Right? S like right. You can, y'all are interrupting the message. Horses don't going reverse because You saw, you saw the video. You saw the video. Okay, well just a little, little bit of information Now. You know ice is taking away people that they shouldn't. Yes, I know. And you still gonna take your ass out there and protest something. Oh man, we about to lose our sister Child.


Let's see what happens. We gonna be at the next Kendrick show. Lose our girl. Let's see what happens anyways as it relates to horses, you can buy something called Predator P Okay. Huh? Predator P Mel, we done baby. Oh we done? No Joe, I want hear No, no, no. Predator PI wanna, it's not how, how many ads do you wanna do in the same episode? It's something that I learned, it's something that I learned. Mel P on your podcast, what you want pushing P I don pushing p Predator tell they wanna know Predator P go ahead. So horse, You gotta start cutting that thing. But go ahead. Okay. Predator P I don't want The pee Horses do not like the the smell and they will Predator.


P. Yeah ba They the predator pee like coyotes. Wolves bear the scent of their pee will send them wanting to be a weight Bang. They'll also send me away back To bear bears Again. I'm just saying. Okay, You back to bear. Shit. Lemme ask you. So there's, you supposed to hold a wolf pea in where? Well you have it in like a little s spray bottle. The spritz, spritz spritz. And the horse will like Getting no pussy for the rest of the, you get arrested for on a fucking, you'll be fine. She already don't pick up Daisy's shit with just a bad that we think she about to carry around predator pee. The whole point is to deter the horse from wanting to be around you. Hence the cop that's trying to beat you with a stick. Just to be clear, are we sure that that won't get you arrested for assault on, on police anymore Don?


No. You're not spraying The horse because I saw they don't have spray. You spray the ground around you, the horse will watch you back away. Also, horses do not like the smell of eucalyptus. So if you have like eucalyptus on you, I wonder if you'll back That's a little more Pleasant than Yeah. You're eucalyptus urine. I got Some guy piss in a bag. You ain't Gonna bag no niggas have to protest smelling like eucalyptus. Damn. She's fine. But she smells like piss yo. She smell like haws yo. She smell like vic. She smell like haws and coyote piss. Yeah. Before we go, I did want to get our brother Mark Lamont's opinion on Memphis. Bleak saying Fuck that reading shit. That felt like a patriarch topic. But I didn't hear that. I, I I heard he said books aren't that important.


He said books aren't, don't listen to him. That's the point. No, he no he didn't. Whatever he said books don't do, the va don't have the value for him. That that, what was the exact quote? I hope I never hear. He said Fuck that reading shit. Oh yeah, yeah. He, he, yeah. He said he didn't say Fuck that reading shit. But he was saying books don't do it for him. It's not that big a like don't listen to that. Read. Y'all read books, read a lot of them. A lot of get information and preferably from a black bookstore. Preferably uncle bobby's dot com. Yeah. If Mel could do it, I could do it. Mel gonna start cutting us in that ad money she'd be doing five ads per body. You It did not. That's Why is this on my elbow? Why am I putting on You right before, before We start rolling there's new product Predator.


P Mel. It is up. Girl, you have to stop. You don't Predator. P don't, I'm just trying to teach people about some Things. Let teach on your pod. I know it's Not an ad. Don't teach no more up here. It's not an ad. I just, I'm trying to teach people just, you know. So sweatsuits you had on wasn't a pad ad either. Didn didn't say a word about it. You said something But Well you don't have to say a word for things to be ad sometimes. Oh It really they went with my shoes. They went with my nails. Look, my, Some fans said them shoes were like Wale sent them. I'm telling you what the fan said. I don magically you got some feet raised right after Wale leave.


Y'all are straight fucking haters. So I didn. See he shout, she shout out her brother. Was he Arab or Indian? You, you, you literally, you literally tagged him on Instagram. Yeah. But why you being so Nosy for No Mel thinks that When she tagged people on Instagram, I probably, you You can't see. Last time she tagged a nigga on Instagram, it didn't work out the greatest. Oh no. You guys fucked my whole shit up. But Anyw who? Any who? No. His family fucked your whole shit up. Oh shit. You like what normally happens? We don the baddies are insecure. No they're not. The baddies are fine. We good ad money. This selling Kelly, this Happy Father's Day to all the fathers out there man.


Happy father's. Happy Father's Day guys. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that man. Happy father. Follow everybody's, take my dad to get some brunch, some eggs man. Something like that. You right go. Didn't just trash your son for I was trying to take to brunch about to say the same shit. Didn't just say your son was fucked up to take you to brunch for, for Father's Day. Well I asked my dad what he wanted and he said I just wanna go to brunch with my kids. Oh fair enough. And he wants me to fund the Puerto Rico trip. Ah, there we go. There we go. That's not so bad. That's, that's a good balance depending on how many prostitutes you wanna order. But the trip could cost this price, right? Crazy. Yeah, but if you get to come down it's, or it could cost. It's crazy. So I don't know. What I don't understand about wives, yo, if you know, you know what?


Forget it. Please look Gray show you've been driving your husband up a wall all year. What the fuck do you think you doing in Dr? I'm not talking about my dad. I mean other people like dog niggas is going, hell bitches are. So they think we just going out there nigga. Anyway. Yo it's guys great show today. Y'all hold it down. Shout to Ice and flip. Shout to ice and flip and Ice. When they come pick Mel up.