
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy. the show feel good. What's popping? Everything. Who's with the evil man? No, I'm just in a good mood.


I'm in a good mood. Happy to see everybody happy. My good brother Freeze is back with us today. Yes, sir. For free. come on, man. Back it up for free. Miss y'all, man, I'm glad to be back. I missed you too, man. You had left me with these niggas for that Dirk segment, but we'll try to get back into it. Don't worry, I'm a John Stockton, that topic right Back up somehow. Good brother Marcus here with us today. Hey, come on. I look forward to those days too. I look forward to those days too. That's two reasons to feel blessed and highly favored. And the third, I told Mel as, get your fucking ass. Hey, next up.


I believe that's me. I told, Hey, shout to our good sister Mel home. Enjoying the off day. Tried to finagle it into a Friday off somehow. Hey, go ahead and take tomorrow off. Yeah, but how about Friday, girl? Girl. Anyway, my brother flip is here with me, huh? Huh? My brother Flip is here with me today. Yes, yes, yes. My guy. Man. So many reasons to be blessed, man. Thank God. Thank the Lord. Up above a higher power man. And most importantly, man, each one of y'all are here with us today out there. What's up y'all? Hey, what's up? What's up? What's up, dude?


Yeah. Yeah. Mark, what's up? Yeah. Yeah. We got you now, buddy. I'm flying solo. Hey, mark came in and said, Hey, just for my, just for my database, I, gotta see database just for my, yeah. You know, he talk like that. Hey, just for my database, who's off today? And I said, Mel, and he said, no, shucks. And I said, sometimes you gotta go to bed without your blanket, buddy. Mm. Sometimes you go to bed. That ain't no comforter. It's just that It is just that one sheet.


Sometimes you gotta get in the bullpen, find you a corner. That sheet make you wake up every three hours with that, that heated blanket. Sometimes you gotta remove it. Good. See how that political brother act then? Good rocking solo, man. All right. I feel good. All right. I'm just checking. I'm just checking. It is right there. Circling. Look. Oh. Shit. That's crazy. Nigga. It is right. What's wrong with Oh no, he ain't even there no more. 1 1 6 a game. Go. So stupid. Yo one six a game. My man. Don't even circle the optimum. Look at him. Who's You can't at him.


You can't wait to this day talking a hole in market during that. You can't wait. Couldn't. Oh man. I'm in a good mood, man. Happy we all here. Anybody have anything pressing on their heart that they need to share before we get started? Any tension that could disrupt the rest of the workday? Yes. Oh, here we go. Oh Shit. Well you invited it, but I do that at a later date. Hey, look at that first today. Yeah. How's that for growth? Maturity. How's that for fucking maturation? Like This shit though. It is burning them up. It is burning them up inside fire. Hey, I watching you today. Mark too.


Let, why you watching me? Let's see you acting around niggas. I'm real nigga. Nigga. Yeah, we, I know you wasn't Philly with me. You was outside, nigga on Jersey. We was outside and you was cool. Let's see. Yeah, you act nigga. I'm always cool on camera, man. I'm always cool. You one of the niggas, but you be acting crazy. Nah, I'm act crazy, crazy. I, huh? No, she not here nigga. You with us? I'm the same person no matter who we welcome to the trap house nigga. We got him today, y'all. We got in the back trap house. Alright, let's get started Then. If somebody even had a camera at the bar that was an event in itself. It's like what?


You brought a camera to the bar? Okay, what do you like? Well, let's have a photograph then. Hey you guys, we're gonna have a photograph. We're gonna make a photograph Because He's got a camera to the bar. No, he's Got it here. He brought it's Got it with him. I don't know, I think he Brought it from his house or something. Get your ass over here. You guys wanna have a photograph? We're gonna have a photograph together because he got a camera in the bar. He Got it with him. No, he can't be in it. He's gonna take it. No, he can't. He can't be in the photo. He's gotta take the photo. How can he be in it? God damnit, what do you want him to do? Put the fucking camera on a stick.


Don't be an idiot. Hum hum. One of the greatest ever speaker right now you know what I mean? There's some people that might not be familiar. Welcome, welcome. come on. come on. They still coming in. They still coming in. Y'all. Everybody get comfy. Hey, shout wherever you might be listening, bro. Shall We shout the nine to five? Is the entrepreneurs out there? My fellow podcast, the creatives. Now if it goes to the Wire, I will never fall. I got the soul of a fighter walk barefoot over the cold to the fire.


I thought the to would be lighter, but make sure that brunch roll the low tighter. I tell them I'm just looking for some peace of mind. But they say I'm only working with a peace of mind. If I'm gonna do it, it'll be on my own accord. No crush. Swear to God I never caught upon the Lord so much. Wait the corner of the club laughing at the one because they anything I want good light a ton of, but that's going to unleash everything I'm trying to hide underneath all. Then I'd lose. All I've earned On, on DB Was going on out there. I'm the only thing at stake Up all over the world. Up must be time to escape from that. If fuck rhymes might be time to escape rap, why should I be the only nigga to escape from the act?


So a lot since everybody escape. What up, what up out there? Shit. Niggas on I can't dig, Show hold Jersey. Of course. Nothing to prove with no big. I'm depicted. I'm Kia won't move. Don't care. Be you don't like care. Shout out there ain't gonna keep still nigga, all The first listeners out there in the streets pill. Well, if it happens, it happens. I believe free. Just know that they how we built Al core. Nigga that dead you for cheap. Got a great show line up for y'all today. Got a great show line up. I'm Gonna be to do that. Stop them like please chill. Y'all know all I'm about. They keep putting up roadblocks. I keep finding alternate reps. Their success seems likely.


Everybody want to try me Ya for? It can me up. Yeah. I wanna stab the all hip hop fight there. Shout the all hip hop stop. Shout. So Started on some mixtape shit while you was gone for you. So I just wanna keep the vibe going. Pull mother fuck Traditional. I know this jersey, Big Jersey, big Jersey. Big Jersey. Queenland, big Jersey. Let's go Only for so long you can keep me quiet. Flew a model brought in. So you know I'm knee deep to hide but careful. See she be a riot and she don't stab Niggas like Kiki wt fuck rap. Look what they leave me best in peace King. Sound like feces compared shit down.


Can't survive with Geico bars. come on things man. But got some AKs this long in Greg Oin swing. Some of these slugs is for one be thugs. They saw bitch may call 'em summer. These thugs son that nigga guns blast quicker when dope boys are short. Man cash nigga. I'm talking about birds because my ass nigga you in the pursuit of happiness, bum ass nigga. Oh my God, is this is this narcissist of me to do? I don't care. I don don care. I only do this like once a year. It don't matter. Play. But that's the vibe, Man. I'm sorry. He ain. Vocal. His hands rammed on Apollo.


Look. Get the Sandman at the Apollo. Welcome to Doomsday. I'm Kobe in the clutch titan with the club Vanda at the Ate one with invisible men. But y'all know E 40 on him. I just tell him when to go. I ain't the best that done it. Just a record young kid. Oh my God. Big wi some Lord finesse punches. Oh my God. My deep joint. A LeBron don't about it. Eminem sanity with Nas knowledge, but nah, he ain't emo. He more like a rap hero trap. Like Nicholas Cage Zero. They don't like jerseys. They want CJ Dunn and they only love New York on V. We Ready to rock Probably just now on your screen, they told you the revolution will not be televised fan saying joke.


The truth mix tapes the glass ceiling. Then I broke through the roof. I more of a hood star. I never been a nigga to put out 20 tapes with just four. Good pause. Oh my God. It's all right. It is all right. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Listen, I wasn't asking. That guy was pretty good. I wasn't asking. I wasn't asking Mike Sha Mike. See how he got to number three. Mike sha. Mike sha. Mic sha mike check. Yeah, put your blackberries up. Put your black berries up out there. Yeah. Yay. Get the round of applause because God is so glorious. Round of applause. Because God is so good to us. Even Corey the Universe News.


Keep that applause going. Get these drops out the way You icy fish. What episode is this? 7 71. Welcome to episode 7 71. You know what time It is? You know who we be and you know what we here to do. Shout to all the firsts And last time listeners out there, shout to all the baddies and the ugly bitches too. Shout out to the chicks with some ass. Shout out to the chicks that bought some ass. Shout out to the chicks that bought some ass and they corroded their ass. And shout out to the chicks that don't have ass, but talk like they got ass.


This episode is brought to you by Fueled By, powered by PrizePicks. That's the gang. And You already know what the fuck Time It is. Man, y'all know who's here. You know who we be.


I'm you're humble, gracious, grateful and highly favor host Joe Button. Been doing This shit for close to 10 years in February. I gotta figure out how we gonna celebrate. But a celebration is coming. Hopefully everyone's there. Hopefully everyone is there. Got a really amazing cast here to my right. You seen him on Pierce Morgan? Yeah. Yeah. You seen him at Berkeley? come on. come on. Wells. They seeing the man. You seen NYU. You seen him at NYU huh? Giving knowledge. Huh? Letting you know what's good. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Mark Lamont Hill.


Mark, how you feeling man? I feel gr. I'm as you. You got any of that Rich, rich people lotion? I do. I do. This nigga such a bad He. Look. Look, I Got it. I Got it. You made this jog over to the fucking bag, nigga over there to get your ass down. Oh man, this nigga is such appreciate that. I feel great man. God is good. Good to see you. This nigga said I feel ashy now. I I am This. shit crazy. You know Itch don't wear lotion. Is that like a light-skinned thing? Like you don't need to? Yeah, It is. I figured. I mean it's all right. It is not. He should, he should do it. Why? I don't know. What help, what he being lathered being moisturized.


Moisturized smelling better. Fry shit. Getting more It is just crazy. Getting more What's I mean? However you take my brother. Okay. My brother It is us. Stop. Yeah but it could go up. Ow. I'm cool. Hey Fat Joe just said it. That's the problem. Shout to the Yankees guys. It can go all the way up. The Yankees never heard of them. Oh, the Phillies playing. Hold up nigga. Last week we, I should have bet. I been saying oh we got should bet you you wasn't man enough to bet you was talking crazy. Oh, I'm gonna let my dad go to game seven. 'cause that Did you send him to a game? Did you send him to I? hope you sent him to game three. Like I told you, game four Thank you game four.


I told you game four, you was talking real confident. Now you made sure you went to the only game. And you know what? I feel like I jinxed the Yankees. I was talking to all This shit about the Dodgers pitching and we can't hitting not one of them. Not one. We can hitting not one of them. That's crazy. So many batters left on base. Aaron judges not looking. Aaron Judges not at all. It is a mess. Homeboy from the Dodgers are Fred Freeman. I'm sick of him. Yo. See that's my problem with drill rap. Y'all supposed to use your powers for good like kidnapping Fred Freeman and hiding him in the basement of a dark Bronx building rather than have him home. Homer. Three games in a row and a grand slam in game one. Are. you shitting me.


Get the fuck outta here. We should have been kidnapped him. Y'all killing the wrong, you can't say that. Well we not trying to You know what I mean. We're not killing anybody but a kidnapping. Let him go next week. Come on man. Yeah. Free him. Free him. Win the eight o'clock on Delta next week. Yeah. come on man. But shout out to the Yankees. I'm sending my dad to the game four. Good. And hopefully he still enjoys it, man. Fat Joe. We gonna get to that Fat Joe part in a brief second. Brother flip is here. Queen flip, queen flip, queen flip, queen flip. Queen flip is in the building. You know what I mean. Really blessed to have him here today. Appreciate you Queens. Get the money to his right. come on. Y'all know the vibe Man Kicks is gonna always match the hoodie.


The fuck time y'all thought it was, man, you know how many of my niggas robbed fucking clothing trucks. It is that Forrest Greed. You know how many of my niggas robbed the fucking fancy stores and came sold it to the hood for half off. Oh, come on man. Where at It is me? Ain't nothing wrong with a good booster. Every now and again, I ain't gonna hold you. come on, shout out. Even in our old age, king. King Wawa good brother issues here man. Both knees out. Both knees out today. You want Tommy? Huh? Both knees out. You usually, when you have one knee you be cool. But when you have two knees, you coming for blood nigga. So lemme move out your way. He, he he gotta go buy more neo jeans too. He might need more Neo he Century 21. Nigga.


I seen this black couple doing the suspect challenge. Fucking, she ate his ass up. She talking about what is the suspect challenge? Yeah. What is that? The suspect. The suspect challenge is something that couples are doing on TikTok. Okay. Where one of them is running like a perp and the other one is the cop describing what the suspect looks like. So the black the black wife was running and the And the husband? No, the husband was running and the wife said suspect and the Pur only purpose is wearing one of his five jeans. Holy shit. No, you trying to say that's me. To say that's me. That's who he's told.


Wow. I can't believe none of y'all never seen that. I don't have to. It is kind of funny. Would y'all do it? Yeah. Yeah. Fuck. I'll do it. I would do it. I would Love it my girl. It would get me in a real it in trouble. Yeah. It is gonna because I'm gonna say something I shouldn't say silly. Yeah, exactly. Feel it's gonna get hurt. Yeah. I'm gonna treat it like therapy. I get all my shit. Gonna get some shit out. And then It is gonna be a long night. Yeah, A long night. Good brother. Freeze is in the building. Welcome back. Freeze. Welcome back. Needed to, we needed to Thank you my guys. Yeah. Put them think pieces to bed. My guy Ice is back looking good too. Thank. you sir. Looking good. Looking a little different. We get to that. What different about him? He look good. Mm. That beard look a little different.


It look, beard don't look moisturized. No it don't. Look Salt and pepper. Ish like that. It look it look more like Rico. Yeah. It look like nut Nut. It look more like Parly mixed with with lorries. Nigga like what the fuck did you do to your shit? Oh man, that's a nice little job too. What did like the half dime Wa it? Yeah. It is still coming. Little crazy. How Dab just dab? It just dab ice. What the Fuck? that ain't bad. Look at freeze man. I didn. Blast night. Your shit was just too black on some mojo. Jojo. That was a mess. That was some that was No, that was a mess. Yeah, this time was good. The whole black shit was a mess. That was a reason for that. But yo, how you do that?


I I got you. I coach. Good. See you Ice. Glad to be back again man. Thank y'all. You know, holding it down. Yeah. You left us here during but we get to that man. Well you know life was life. Yeah. But we good now. Indeed. That. That's as corny shit about life. It just be life. Right. Yeah man outta nowhere. Off schedule. Off schedule. At least schedule. Book it. You know what I mean? Something something This. shit pop. Shout to my baby. She's home and doing well now. Nice. Good. Good to hear. Good hear. Great deal. And shout out to the rest of our babies so just so ice don't shine in front of us. You know what I mean. Everybody here got a baby. That baby the fuck. Alright. El Myra's finest. Big Parks is in the building.


You know the vibe. Oh, the Levi King himself. Yeah man PO is here. Corey's here. Eric's here. Avon and Tanner are here remotely. And most importantly, each and every one of y'all are here. Do you wash your pumas? No. Them shit's be clean as hell at the bottom. But you wearing shit like Yeah, no, he wearing shit's mad. Nah, he walking water right outside by and he wip his foot. No bullshit. Yeah. This. shit. Don't worry. You walk flat or some shit. Like first day of school walk this nigga shit. Never dirty at the bottom. Thank you sheesh man. All right. come on, let's get right into the proceedings this evening. Right to the important matters. A lot went on this week. It did.


Do you guys think that caviar is white people's version of oxtail? No. No. Nah. Fucked up. Wait, who said that? Am that's a good one. Look, it stumped me a little bit. But in whose idea was it to Milk the fish? Yes. That's weird. That's that's I think that that was a white idea. It Was definitely a white idea. Definitely A white idea for sure. And I think that that came after our fucking oxtail. Revel. Our revelation, what we did with the tail when the white people threw it to the side and then white people couldn't just throw the shit to the side no more. They had to start eating the shit.


They had to sample the eggs. And that's where caviar, there's no other logical reason to eat that ever. It's fish eggs. Right. It don't taste good. I'm not a big fan and I'm not a fan of it. I'm not a fan. It's not, I like it on sushi. I'm not a fan of, I only eat it on sushi. That's I'm not a fan of. I don't like it when they put on the sushi. Oh man. Oh yeah. Yeah. Sushi This. shit crazy. I love that. That niggas nasty, son. Sushi. What do y'all, y'all eat oysters? Yes. No. Absolutely. And clams. If it lives in the ocean, I'll eat it. I ain't no seafood. Like I don't give a fuck. I'll try it. Me too in the, if it's in the ocean, bring it here on the plate. I think caviar's pointless. I know I'm losing culture. Culture It is I'm, I'm losing class points. Look, but that's the fucked up part.


You gotta conform to be classy to eat that bullshit. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Eating fucking fishburn. That niggas is freaky. I know y'all supposed to swallow it but Y one nigga swallow. Yeah. Yeah nigga, come on. That's disgusting man. Y'all, we all eat nasty shit. But like when you eat fried shrimp in the hood, you eating. I don't eat no seafood, nigga. Oh. You don't eat no seafood. Alright. But I'm just saying He only eats french fries and chicken figures. Yeah. Fucking Be clear. Stupid ass. Much better. Stupid ass. I rather eat C He ain't let Gary V trick us into a business meeting at some fancy caviar spot. A caviar spot. Caviar spot. It was a fancy, fancy caviar sushi spot. So they was coming out thinking that I was cultured.


I wasn't Gary v's. So cool. When niggas ain't culture shout to Gary VI did not have a blast in that. Good did you? But but you at the white boy meeting. So do you fuck with the SOS show? I was eating shit. I I, I was eating whatever was there nigga. Millions. But no, that's just the part. That's just the decoration. Saw nigga was Kooning. He cool for the million. Huh? C That nigga just suck. I'm gonna knock you off of that. That's hilarious. Later We gonna talk about Kooning for the million. He trying to clean it up. You saw up? I'm with it. Oh, I'm my bad. Where y'all wanna start? Where y'all wanna start? Wherever you wanna start at. Yeah, whatever lead us. Lead us to the promised Land.


Mr. PrizePicks. Well you said Kon for the millions today. 50 said he not going perform at a Trump rally and they offered him $3 million. He said I'm good swag. I love that. I appreciate that. I absolutely love that. Shout to 50. That's dope for him. And I'm glad that he shared it. See that could have just happened and then he kept it in the tuck. I'm glad that he shared that. But all of that fake discipline and integrity and moral compass shit that the podcasters be talking about. I do assume 50 to have some of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. He's been rich for a long time too. That part too. But he got a number too. For sure. He has a number also. Everyone's Got. it ain't 3 million. It's fuck no it's probably, it ain't 3 million for him. It's probably like 20.


I don't know if he does it for 20. I think it might be more than that. I think it might be more than that. 20 heck that's I'm go do my little for him. One record. How long would you, you said she a winks? 20. I'll do Get Rich Die. Try yo. Don't. hello. I Don't know if he does it for 20. I'm Deadass. He's a lot of money. That's all days. Mixt tape shit too for 20, 24 hour streaming this far. I don't think he'll do it for 20. I don't think so. More like 30, 50. What would y'all do it for? I'll do his album for that. For the 3 million. Nick. For half of the, for the 3 million. You go for 1 million. The 3 million. You wouldn't do it for the 3 million.


You go show up to the Trump rally and give a speech. I'm doing it. Fair enough. This is this. Here's the thing. You end up being CT Michelle. Ice Ice is koon every day. Okay wait. No that's not. Are you throwing shots at at camera though? Why you on the stage? Are you throwing shots at her? No, I'm not throwing shots at nobody for three mil. For three mil. It It is. What's your number to go speak at the Trump? Gimme me. A Trump gotta be lot. My family would disowned me. Word it Got. it gotta be some shit where my family would be like yeah you had to do it. My family won't be, I understand. Might be like 20. Oh for me. No it's not.


It is do is I still don't believe you less or more. It is, you do This shit less. You do This shit for 2 million nigga 3 million. I don Dunno if they walk in. I don don. Anybody in a bag right there. There. Yo. come on. We need you to just stand up here. A million dollars. Give us a speech. Speech shit. In a maga hat. Yo. You ain't gotta say nothing. Not a million. Just throw the hat on and lick your lips and put on on shit. Not a million. And put on, I ain't say a million put on the matching. That's that issue. It is not a million. I not a million. I think five Mark. Alright let's stop talking to him. I was gonna say that five get It is five 1,000,005. I his number five. I trust your number three five. Yeah I think your number, I think his number's lower than That is seven 50.


No, no, no. You Got. it ain't gonna be no seven 50. We did one number. We had a MAGA ail flip a dude. If JR could film. Nah, no, no. JR can you take his shirt off in JR do. No I don't do it no more. If you could watch wrestling in there. No. And you bring some chicken tenders. I do that shit for like 15. 15. What million nigga you do that 15. Nah, nah that's not true. That's not true. I think his numbers is about 50,000. Nah, that's not true. Some chicken. I'm gonna be beef. I'm gonna be beef with my mother. Watch your mother. I'll fry you up. Let you slide. I'll fry you up. 50,000 is some chicken figures talking about there doing ghetto Koran. So you, you wanna shoot at, you wanna sit at me?


Huh? Nigga? What? Your nigga let what your pastor sweat on nigga. You think we at a church nigga you came to pray. But hold on. I'm not, I'm not done. Listen, I'm gonna do it for 15 million. My mother, she was just at the rally nigga over there by Madison Square Garden. You are lying, beefing with Trump supporters nigga. I nigga. Hold on. So lemme ask you a question. So you're saying 15 million is number my my number. So they come to you and say 10, you're saying no I'm not taking this 10 million, I'm staying the phone. You really want people to believe that shit. Yes, I'm gonna be with my mom. My mom's a serious, does anybody believe that Your mother not gonna, I don't believe that. She not gonna be mad no more. She gonna be cool. Nah nigga. What nigga? 10 million. Your mother's going to be in Long Island. Hey yo, rest in. No she's not. Rest in peace. All Westchester. She got her own money. That number one. Number two rest in peace. The king face. She ain't let my man in the house when he had his MAGA hat on. She don't play that shit.


I have to go, I have to get a mo. I have to get some money to, if I'm gonna go at it, I'm gonna go at her man. I'm gonna go mama law nigga. If I'm standing with Trump, that shit will break her heart. Son. Marie will be upset. 10 million make her feel better though. Word. Nah, it wouldn't. 10 million. Hey man, you coming up here with me. Listen, this how I'm gonna do It is lie. I'm keeping temp myself. I'm giving her like two, giving my family and the kids three and I'm having 10. I have to portion it, ask taxes. I don't give a fuck into This shit. That's what got me here in the first. Learn your lesson nigga. Yeah, Oh. Shit. Yeah. Like yo dog. They gotta gimme more than three Mel. Yeah. Got you. It is just hard when that amount of money is staring you in the face.


Exactly. That's all. I'm, I understand what you're saying. That's all. I'm 1.5 is gone from the rip facts, facts. That's, I wouldn't do it for, I wouldn't, I wouldn't. But there's a lot of people that's passionate about, you know, Trump. What's your number Mr. cnn? I I What's your number? Yeah, you go back to work. Your colleagues will be looking at you like this. I cannot be bought nigga. You go here, you get a job, you nigga. Wait, wait. Whatcha talking about you? You go, if you get your job back at CNN nigga, fuck out here. Trump Thank you. He freed me. He'd be on CNN like this. No, now I'd be on Fox. Maybe my number would be, my number would've to be so high that I wouldn't have to explain shit. Because if I took it for 5 million, I still have to explain to the people why I took, if you gimme 50 million, I'm not saying shit.


I get what you're saying. I ain't explaining nothing. JoeGon be like, what happened to Mark? I ain't seen him in a few weeks. Nigga gonna be s like for 50 million. We gonna see you on Fox. Welcome. Alright. So everybody here to sell out. Glad that we quickly established everyone in the world is sell out. Yes. I think everybody I'm looking to sell out, it takes a rich nigga to to to point fun at sellouts. Huh? A nigga that don't sell his soul. Nigga nigga's beef with you right now. Nigga. Slow down. It takes a rich nigga like this not to sell, not you know, to make fun of us. Yeah nigga, we got a number. That's 'cause you don't got a number nigga. You got a number two, you got a number. I don't want wealth to define me, but that's number one. But, but, but my number though, two.


I do have a number. It'd be pretty high. No it's not. Yes, It is. No it's not. I'm tell you, I'm tell you why I'm tell you why number for this. I'm gonna tell you why it's not high for this. 'cause you're not political. So you don't even pay a price for doing it. If somebody said, look, I'm gonna give you five, 10 million right now to do, half my family are Black Panthers and they don't, they don't expect you not to do it though. And other that if I can't say publicly right. What, what, what, what they are some other kind of animals. I I I would effectively, my dad would effectively disown me immediately. Okay. Yeah. So I would never be looked at the same again. Wow. Because of where I got 20 years of building where I'm kind of at with mine. Like in spite of how they kicked my back in on the internet, I turned down big bags for this type of shit.


Every other week I walked away from it and they called. Okay. So it would have to be a high number. What's the number? Ain't y'all got political money? Nine. Close to nine figures. Close to nine figures. Wow. Shit. Close to nine figures. Yeah. And I would have to consider it also, it ends your career. Like Chrisette. Michelle hasn't done a a gig since she For $2,500. Yeah, for 25. That's what she No, no Oh. Shit. But it was a low number. A low It was a short, it was like 30 grand or some shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yo, so fucking, we wasn't gonna start here, but we're here. My man, my man killed Tony went out there and did an entire 12 minute monologue for, for y'all that are unfamiliar Tony Hinchcliffe or Hein Cliff.


I'm not certain how you pronounce his name 'cause I always call him just kill Tony. Same. Yeah. But he did the what Roast was that recently? Brady. The Tom Brady. Brady Roast Brady. Yeah. Tom Brady smoked it over there. Killed Tony has been one of the fastest growing shows. Very successful. He went out there and did like this 12 minute racist kind of racist kind of, not kind of racist monologue. Ain't no kind of that they're clipping up and going and, and just he's, I don't understand Tony, I'm, I'm, I'm so lost. That was a misstep in my opinion. You don't understand him. Yeah, I don't, I don't think, I don't understand. You go first. No, I, I completely understand him doing that. Like that's on brand with what he, what he does.


True. And y'all hired me to come here to do me do what I do to Yeah. To do me. Yeah. He put some extra sauce on it though. He ent he said that the black, he said that. Lemme just give the audience a little bit of what he said without trying to play all EC clips or the 12 minutes. Yeah. He was speaking to the black guy in the front. This was probably off the dome and not a part of his bit. Said he was wearing a lampshade and he had just seen him at the Halloween party last night and that they were carving watermelons. The carving watermelon part of that of course is extremely racist. Yes, of course. Then he went into his bit about migrants and the sick part about It is he started that with, Hey, all my Latinos there made some noise. So he got 'em to clap first. Hey.


So he lined him up and it just started firing off. We welcome you guys, I welcome you guys open arms and by open arms, I mean like this. Which also, Tony is smart enough. I watch enough Tony to know that that was a double entendre and that took open arms to mean something else. Oh, good one. So then he continued with fucking Puerto Rico. Rico, Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico. He said a lot before Puerto Rico. Yeah. He starts talking about, you know, they always having babies. They never pull out. They just, they come the country like they did our country. Yep. They come in, he said a bunch of shit. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they always come in just like they did our country. And then he went into his Puerto Rico being the fucking dirtiest place in the uni.


Shitty island. Shitty island. Full of trash. Yeah. Puerto Rico. He died there too. The crowd was grown at that point. I think that he bombed, I think that entire set bombed. It was a bad, it was just bad all around. Right. And I, I, I watched kill Tony. So this conversation is a little nuanced for me on, if you watch Kill Tony, he's racist, but under the guise of comedy, like comedic racism. And he is brilliant with the racist jokes. Everybody gets it. The, the, you can't say this word.


So write this down. Yeah. Get it. Get it. The trans get it. Everybody get it. Unless you a young beautiful white girl that looks like she is sucking every dick in the dorm. Those are the only people that get that get away with it on Kill Tony. So he does this for me. It was different. Him doing it at this event. A thousand percent audience, doing audience at at Audience Matters at this event. And he started his monologue with, Hey, I'm Tone. Oh, he started with an ad too.


Tony's fucking ass. He started with a MyPillow ad. Yeah, he Did. Wow. He did snuck that in there. That's, Hey, use promo code. Kill Tony for a My Pillow at the front of his monolo pizza of shit genius.


Alright, cool. And then he gets into yo on my show, in my line of work, I typically never come to work and say who I'm politically endorsing, because that's just not what I do. That's not my bag. I'm not into that. But, and then he starts his bit. So for me, he's already making the, creating the sep separatism. If you are able to separate where you are versus where you work, then you know that these jokes are about to hit different and come off different. And it seemed like he was doing temp checks throughout the whole time. He was like, every time he threw one out, he'd be like, all right, that's working. That's not okay. You're warming up, you're loosening up in here. I don't know man. I I do fuck with Tony.


I hated the bit, hated that he went out like that. His apology was, Hey y'all are sensitive. It was a joke. I go to Puerto Rico every year, bro. I didn't see his apology. That's Bad. And it wasn't really an apology. Got black friends, that's Yeah. But all of them, all of them, right, right wing political pundit dudes have been on air. Like, hey, we don't support that joke. We don't, we don't, that joke is not indicative of our beliefs. Yada, yada yada. Some of 'em was defending that nigga. Well the, the black dudes were defending him. It's just comedic rhetoric. I I i they wasn't all apologetic. Some of them niggas were standing with him like, yo, y'all are sensitive. It was a joke and get over it.


The way niggas came for Trump is amazing, bro. It's crazy. And again, the people that I saw were black people defending him. Yep. So nah, everybody wasn't apologetic, but I just think it was in poor taste. I think two weeks before the election, it just showed how kind of tone deaf they are. I don't, I this to the mass tone that part, but to, to their base. They weren't tone deaf because their base, that fan base put that shit to iTunes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Crazy. They loop, they looped it up. Yo. So I just think that, and that's the problem. Yeah, true. That's the problem. A thousand percent. I think that the rest of the world that's caping for them. I sent that shit immediately to Verne. Huh? What your man talking about? Huh?


You Puerto Rican. Right. Oh, okay. But Cape, they still cape I I'm lost bro. I don't understand. Donald Trump could spit in a little kid's face on Fifth Avenue and somebody is gonna come out and be like I'm saying, but the kid should have never did that. Like, it don't make no sense to me at this point. It's like cult behavior. It is, I'm lost. That's exactly what It is. It's a cult. And It is weird that the people who are gonna catch the most hell from the cult are the ones the most committed to it. That's, that's the crazy shit to me. Like if white men are like, I don't give a fuck what he said. I'm like, cool, you a white man, This shit gonna help you. But I don't understand why we doing that. you know what I mean? That is, It is just wild. It's just wild to me. But the funny thing is, I think strategically it makes sense. Like they know that when they say some racist shit, we get mad.


Which, and then they go, they're so sensitive and then they go out and vote more. So the pe those of us who get mad might not do the the right thing, but they know that their base is gonna go out and vote so that they can defend his right to do that shit. So it might not even, it might not even fail for him. That's, that's the crazy part. Yeah. We'll see. Damn. You. right? We'll see. Yeah. It is, yeah, we'll see Yeah man, I don't know. We say crazy shit all the time. Tell us, you never fucked a Puerto Rican without telling us you never fucked a Puerto Rican. Shh. Yeah, he's that too. That's disgusting. Why would you want do, why would you even want to take yourself of the off of the fuck a Puerto Rican list? Even if you felt like that? That's a list. That's like fucking global entry.


Especially a Bronx. That's like Fuck that shit in New York too Man. He did. Wow. Why would you take yourself off the, I want to fuck a New York Puerto Rican list Plug Tony, whatever. Come on. Shit's nasty now. I agree. Here's what I have for you gentlemen. Do you think that we should redo some of the racism rules? Wait what you mean? Please, please elaborate. This guy's brain is different. Go ahead please tell me what you mean.


Should it be racist to say black people like chicken? Because That is racist but it's also, it's also true. True. Should it be racist to say that Spanish people, you better careful You going On the line nigga You. right. Deal on the answer. All right, I'll speak for myself. Martha cleans better than me kill you.


You a man. You're a man nigga. You a woman. Is that racist? No. That's kind of racist. So if I say the worst drivers are typically Yeah. Yeah. That shouldn't be racist. Is that racist? That shouldn't be racist. Now audience, if you're audience, if you're confused out there, we came up with this bit just to troll. Mark Lamont trying to fucking torture me right now. Mark Lamont losing my fucking mind over here. His PhDs and what's that other shit he got Bachelors. Yeah. Doctorates. All that The fuck out? Yeah. Mark, what do you think about about this all? Fuck each and every one of you. I hate nigga he'll die.


I know I he short circuit Oh Shit squirming in the little couch. But I will say no that's stupid man. No you can't change the bruise man. You can't. Of course they true everything. Racism is always a little bit true. That's, that's what makes a stereotype of stereotype. It's like chicken figure. Like they lightly you, they're lightly dipped in truth. Right. So yeah, black people dance but it don't mean that every nigga dance. You know what I mean. Black people love chicken but we don't like obsess about chicken. It is like they take This shit too far. Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. You see what them niggas did when Popeyes had the sandwich? You nigga nigga line nigga they block traffic. Huh? Them nigga line for Popeyes chicken sandwich.


Nigga that was different. That sandwich niggas the cool nigga. That's racist for you to say that was the niggas you down. I looked at Brooklyn, it was no shit. You a nigga and a cool you. His nigga It is different because the sandwich was good as shit. Look at you nigga first sandwich. The sandwich was good as shit. Delicious. Alright, so here's my question for y'all. That was mad because I thought about this recently. If the sandwich was so good, why is it gone? They stepped on it. It was cost. Yeah, that's exactly what they did. They on it. Yeah. I thought about that just two weeks ago. They on work. I did. Did TheARTI especially. Yeah they stepped on the work. Yeah. Oh Shit. Speaking of sorry, sorry. This has nothing to do with what we're talking about. We talk about chicken sandwiches and It is good to get off the race topic anyway.


Round of applause. McDonald's has settled their milkshake machine scam bullshit. No they did. Well they do. They settled. They settled the scam for the people unfamiliar with the scam. The producers of the McDonald's milkshake machine have a clause in the contract or had a clause in the contract that said they are the only people that are allowed to fix their machines. So that's why. So So when the machines broke they were running a fucking eight and nine figure scam on fixing these machines.


Wow. This contract is decades and decades old. Genius. So they, so McDonald's they went to court and whatever the name of that fancy board is determined that McDonald's is now allowed to not only fix their own machines but outsource how those machines are fixed. Wow. That is my fucking time man. The McFlurry milkshake machine. The ice cream prices right in time with that E coli. Yeah. Right in time. Let's cover that up real quick. Nice milkshakes for everybody. Look yeah you don't want, you don't want a Quarter Pounder. You want a milkshake? Milkshakes and Sac Burger. The burger the, as soon as the burger. The chicken Mac. Yeah the chicken Mac. Yeah. As soon as that Ecola breakout the Chicken Mac and Kaiac nigga, nigga roll out.


How McDonald's been playing in y'all face for years? It is only the Quarter Pounder. Yeah. Don't make no sense. So what the fuck is the rest of that shit? It's all the same shit. That's not true. Quarter Pounder's, that's not true. The Quarter Pounders likes Quarter Pounder beef, quarter Pounders, different boxes. It is, It is the only one that's real meat. It's the only one that's real meat. That's why Eli. So you said I don't leave that shit with that nigga. That shit ain't no nigga Eli. So the Miami Heat for the first time in the history of the franchise have made a bust, a statue? No, a whole statue. I keep hearing the athletes use the word bust. It was a bust.


It was a bust. And I, my dumb ass didn't know that you could use that word in relation to that. So I like that word bust. It was a bust. Yeah it turned out a bust. A statue. They made a statue, whatever you wanna call it. But it looks like shit. The internet was in a rage. We later found out that D Wade approved said bust slash statue. It's probably too late. And was involved in the entire process of creating said statue. Also the, the maker of this statue made other statues Google 'em.


'cause I don't remember what they were but I don't think those statues was good either. You drew the Ronaldo one, not just that nigga, you been to a restaurant sometimes and the food be smacking then you go back another time. This shit be aka nigga was off day. And I always, I always could tell that's a different chef. That's a different chef. That's what I think too. That a different chef nigga had a argument with his wife that day. Niggas watching a matrix. Nigga, nigga saw Morpheus. That nigga looked crazy. What the fuck? What the wrong with them niggas disgust them. Tony Allen said that it looked like him. It looked like him. It do d Wade did look bad. And, and for, for for them to be known as Dad county for so long. I mean Wade, Wade, Wade County for so long.


Like what a disgrace. What a disgrace. It is crazy. At least with the Kobe statue when it was fucked up, there was some other statues out there that was fucked up for you to be the lone fucked up statue in front of the arena and then have to yo And you know what's funny, the kid, our kids today are more vocal than we were. So you got your kids with you. Your son is looking at you like nigga yo ew That is not pops. Yeah. come on tell me that's not you. That ain't you pops. My son would've roasted me to hell. Yo. That's if that word the statue of me. What are your thoughts on this? Why do you think that they couldn't come up with a bust that looked like D Wade?


Why do you think he was so excited and celebratory? And is it a part of just Plano humility? Yes. Being humble to not interrupt the process of them celebrating you this way? Yes. I, I think I agree with that. I think that, I think when you get a statue made of you so proud and happy and your family celebrate, you're not really worried about what it looks like. I just don't understand how if he was part of the creative process, it being made, how at some point he didn't just mention that this don't look shit like me. He might've seen that shit in a digital image or something. It was like Oh okay. Right. True, true, true. They might have said some shit like, yo, when it dries exactly. That is gonna come like This shit looked like Mark.


Would y'all have interrupted? Yeah, like Mark would they just picked a random black dude. That's what, how And because the statue didn't look the greatest. No it didn't. It wasn't a bad looking statue. It just didn't like D Wade nigga on the statue. Whoever's face was, it wasn't a good looking guy. Whoever it was would all due respect to Tony Allen. But Mark do look like Tony Allen a little bit. I don't look like Tony like with a doctorate Like Smart Tony Allen. Oh that's fucked up. Tony Allen got too many hands for me to be talking About. Shout to Tony Allen. Would y'all, would y'all have interrupted the process for y'all? Yes. Yes. If I'm mean no, but if I'm D Wade, absolutely.


So I can, you would just accept anything with his tongue out nigga. Wow. Jordan. Nah, I That's what you think your tongue out is like Yeah man I'm asking for real like Mike anyway. Right. I think that that It is definitely some humbleness and some humility. Like yo fear, somebody's creating a big ass statue of me to be put in front of a stadium. Like that's an honor in itself. So I think Yoon kind of wanna rock the boat 'cause you sound like some ungrateful ass nigga. But if I'm d Wade, if they named, if they named the street after you and spelled it wrong, would you say something? Yeah, she, what's the difference? That's easy to fix. But if you in the creative process homeboy don't look like me.


Hey Duke don't look like me. Then they start putting the mold the of the statue, the picture over his LeBron AlleyOOP the famous picture like come on yo, you playing with me? Yeah. At that point it's ridiculous. And listen, the Black Panther side of my family would include some racism in this. I was about to say white people often don't know what black people look like. Yo dog. I was gonna say it was a white artist but I ain't wanna be funny white people. I did an interview last night and somebody told me, has anyone ever told you that you look like Kevin Hart? I don't look shit like Kevin Hart and I love Kevin Har. That's my man. I dunno son. I ain't gonna hold you. I mean I'm done.


How Did you, I mean now, now that we get a good look at your profile, I don't, no they do think all black people look same. They think they, they they, they think all black people look like Yeah they, that's fine because I think all white people look a like people. My racist is neighbors and that's fine. That's why don't make statues of white people. That's why I don't make statues of Asians. 'cause it would not look different. Everybody in Hollywood would look the same. But like if you, if my job was to make statues, I would You know what I mean. I would get some help. What? I get white people mixed up. Alright, if they were making a statue of you, what would you want your defining features to be? Is it a basketball statue? A statue of you nigga? A statue. How to break down the excuse nigga a statue. You went to Harvard and said the best you beat Einstein and everybody, all that fly shit I dropped 30 on that nigga.


Yeah I dropped 30 on that nigga. Would you want, would you wanna suit holding books and walking like this? I I would be speaking. Yeah they gotta get your nose. Why am I, you know I don't even set myself up. I'm asking what y'all, what would the defining features of the statue need to look like for you to say okay That is me. Oh my apple, apple on. So that's what they say. It is such a fucking, all jokes aside, that's what they say though. Like if you gotta define the feature it's easy. You know how the dudes in the street in New York be making pictures? Yeah. If you got funny chin or funny mug for nose. I see. Then it's easy to do yo, now that I'm looking around yo with, with all due respect You.


right. No and pause. Oh God some of you niggas got cute noses. Yo. Yo this is why we need mail man. This we know This shit yo. What whatcha doing? Yo some of you not you shit. Not you. You wanna be cool. You wanna be accepted by that's gay. It's not you stop talking about your man knows It is, It is not gay. My entire life the baddest of the bad and some mid when they look me in my eyes. One thing they've always said and I used to didn't get it. You see I can't lie. You have such a beautiful nose That worked on you too didn't it?


It is so watch this ass nigga. Yo how do it come to me because it's you nigga. And then I started looking at niggas nose. They tell me that too. My nose is better than a lot of you niggas. No yo niggas nose be a mess. Don't they gay to say look at his nose. You just looked at your man and stand there. That nigga smell everything nose fine. That nigga could smell. It's a fire. Look that nigga shit is spread out yo. Holy shit yo. Why look at, look at freeze nose yo nigga nose alone.


That nigga could smell one downstairs is cooking. Oh they put a little parsley up in that motherfucker. This lady making chili too much. Ain't the worst. Nah like that. Look at every ugly noses your side. Some of y'all got all noses man. Thank your parents. Oh man, thank your parents. Okay, stupid. That's crazy. So I don't want say too much about it 'cause I bump into D Wade sometimes it ain't his fault. I feel like D Wade Pulse, if he hear you say something on the pod he do, he responds. You might have to square up at the post oak lobby trying to get coffee and that ain't a, that's another fight.


I'm gonna opt to skip nigga six four in shape. Right And way better, percent better than Joseph button. Yeah and and heels and mules and mules. Nigga whip your ass with a Chanel bag. Oh Shit there yo. Yeah. Nah, I'm, I'm cool on that one. Any thoughts on which part? Anything nose part Not that nose shit man. Anything? No. Nah. I shout to D Wade. It is a It is a honor. Shout having shout having a statue in front of greatest player in Miami history, man in history of the heat, eh?


Yeah. Greatest player in Miami. Close. No, no, I agree. Wade County. But yeah, you need to redo my nigga. They need to touch that up in in the summer. He deserves better. Do they have statues redone? Wait, hold up, hold up. Here's a question. Did LeBron, did LeBron play for the heat? Thank? you? He did I didn didn't say he okay. Play for short. What that mean? What that mean play for a short? What? I'm just checking. That's my only question. Y'all not gonna trap me. This nigga crazy. Don't, the greatest player was the same question I had so I'm glad you asked it. I didn't say he was the best player. I said he's the greatest player. That old loophole.


s not, he only got some loophole. Shit. It is, it's not a loophole. What's the difference? The difference is if for example, who's the best player ever who you think is the goat? Just for example, Michael Jordan, bro. Okay. LeBron. So Mike, LeBron, LeBron James, LeBron James, LeBron. Let's say LeBron James. Let's say LeBron James. If LeBron James the same person that's Yeah. I don't get where if LeBron James goes to show if LeBron James goes to the, the Dallas Mavericks right now and plays one season even in his prime and wins the championship. It, is he the greatest maverick ever? No. Right. So the greatest, but he's still better than dunk whiskey. He played one season though. He played four. Oh and Dwayne Wade played those same four got the same championships. And he got one with Shaq before Dwayne. Wade. Before Sam got there.


BB. That's why he's greater. I just want to jump in and tell you that in the first season, LeBron tried to be humble and said, Hey man, you're the greatest heat ever and and I'm gonna defer to you. And they lost. No, that's And then, and then Pat Riley, let me finish. One of the greatest basketball minds ever along with D Wade knocked on LeBron's hotel door in the off season. Hey big bro. Pat Riley said big hilarious. Big bro. Big bro. We gonna need the offense to kind of go through you. You are the golden child. You are the one and I'm awesome but I'm not you.


That happened. That happened. That's why he's a better player than Dwayne Wade. And I think Dwayne Wade would say he's a better player. And We talk about LeBron shit. I was on mad for Alonzo Morning Oh. Shit, Alonzo Mour should 100% have a statue outside. I disagree. He should. I'm not arguing him being, oh he should definitely have statue. He should have a statue. I agree. He should. If we just making statues that don't look like niggas Alonzo Moore. I figured It is Alonzo Moore. That might be who they were shooting for. Alonzo wait right then Alonzo morning, shit. Alonzo Morning, Petey Pablo, Jeff Van Gundy ass around the air like this kicked him off to the side. That's my man too. And that was my team.


And stayed with the organization. Still there? Yep. Still with the organization. Yep. Better skin than all us. Still in that Miami Heat. Nice suits. That Miami Sun. I bumped into him at that little waffle spot over there by fucking whatever hotel that was, that nigga skin was glowing at nine in the morning. I left, I got outta there. Did Alonzo get you out there? Did you fucking right. Alonzo Morning got me out in Miami. Yes, in Miami. Alonzo Morning gets every one of us outta here quickly. Yeah. What say you? Yeah, I'm Chilling bro. I seen the nigga at fucking Paddle. Who? The sexist almost get you outta here nigga. But what happened? What happened? Look all What happened?


What? What Yeah man, what you did. What you did to that nigga? Yeah, nigga is an idiot. Bought the girls' dinner. There you go. There you go. No, you did had, yeah I did. Look what I had to resort to. Yo. He was so mad. Do you know that story that he had to pay for that calamari from some girl? We not gonna repeat it, but he was real mad about it. I gotta hear It is he was real mad about it. We'll talk about it later. Congratulations to Dwayne Wade and his statue and his family. Really huge deal. Even if the statue don't look like you at all. What other players? I think for the heat should have statues out there. You said Alonzo, that's it. Nah, that's not it. So no Shaq either. You Donis Haslam. You have a stature. I was Why? That's what I came to mind.


Na, 20 years pushing it 20 years with one organization has been the OG veteran presence. The the guy that has, you know, clearly they're married to him. When he was ready to be gone from the league, they kept yo 1 million just to be here. 1 million just to be here. How they feel about him? Maybe not by his stats. He'll definitely be an exec. He should. Yeah, he should. I love statue respectfully. Exactly. He don't deserve a statue though. Respectfully. We, I appreciate all that bro. Tim Hardaway, you argument much better argument for Tim Hardaway. Well I was going Tim Glen Rice It is, It is Stop, relax, relax. Oh but you gonna give it to Donis Haslam. 20 years Glen Wright. They traded, they traded the shit out.


With all due respect to Don Haslam the last 10 years, he scored as many points as us on his couch. Oh Shit disrespect. He was a lead. No, no I'm not. With all respect. Oh, Donis, Adonis Haslam is a leader. He's a og. He's the heart and soul of that team. The last five years he was basically like a a a coach. A coach extension. Can any of y'all play no ball at this nigga? Yo dog, we've seen you hoop. You seen you hack? He was doing some simulation. That's not even a hoop. It's a hack. Have any of y'all played ball with him? Like for real, for real? Yes, I have. I have. Is he good at basketball? No. He's one of the best boxer outers I've ever seen in my entire life. Wow. He definitely faint. Praise. He getting low with it too. He does. That's super low. I saw some cook.


Yo yo yo yo. I saw some cook like that of him doing some bullshit. That's all he do. That nigga is the elbow king. Set a king. No, I I I believe it. He's like a you don haslum of no, don't, don't even insult you Donna Haslam. Yo Ish. Yo. Y'all shame in my ballgame. I I see you look. Suspect two things. I only got two, I only got two pieces of evidence. You was over there at the refrigerator doing some dribble shit that didn't look like looking like he had, I thought you had a seizure. Scoliosis, Oh, Shit. I was reaching for my first aid kit. Shit, that nigga scoliosis came out bro. It didn't. And when I saw you in that jersey and I know you were uncomfortable, won't let it be a one v one. I remember that one V 1 0 1. Me and Mark right now.


Oh, go ahead. You said y you said Y you said come on now. You said y'all two V one, you don't look, fuck these niggas, you don't look comfortable in basket. Like I only, I mean the jersey changed things a little bit because it was, it wasn't a comfortable jersey. But when I seen you in that commercial combined with the moves of the refrigerator, you look like somebody who goes to basketball games. You know what I mean. Buys tickets hangs out. But you don't look like you actually go on the court. That's all I'm saying. Aki, you said you broke your wrist shooting jump shots, right? Missing jump shots. Missing jump shots on purpose. Intentionally No. Where your kpac. Where your kpac, I understand how did a nigga play but I also had prior damage in the same exact wrist from injuring it across that little tiny frail boy's face.


I don't remember a few months prior to I thought you broke your fingers. Now my wrist was a little jammed up. I had the guy come in here and everything when I beat up the little poor, innocent, frail, fragile boy, that's nowhere to be found. So it wasn't just shooting, it was a combination. That was last winter one. Yeah, it was a little head fracture. That's one career ending. Interesting. Two, I'm letting y'all know that your podcast banner is affecting my ego. Okay. Our benter. What? What that, what's wrong with our benter? What's that mean? It means that I bet any amount I take that I bet any you didn't even finish the sentence.


I take that I bet any amount that y'all brothers want to bet that I can be either one of y'all. One-On-one. You are out of hell any day. I'm confident you anytime any court, any outfit, any kicks, I don, I don't feel like Mark and Ish should be able to speak to me the way that they're speaking to me. So whenever fucking deprive deprived guy and and fucking what was his name? ENN? Yeah. Whenever you're any court, lemme tell you what's going happen. Indoor outdoor, double rim chain net regular that name the place and lemme tell you what's gonna happen next weekend.


Score gonna be seven three next weekend game 11 and gonna start hacking and it's gonna end up being a wrestling match. Don't matter game. The nigga said one on one. That's it Nigga damn Game of game 11. Nah, I don't, I don't fuck with that nigga. But he call y niggas out. Po Poms play. He call y niggas out do you play. He call y'all niggas out nigga. I actually Rick this two nigga, y'all niggas was p ponging off each other with the jokes. The nigga called y niggas out. What's up? You accepted his cool whenever. Stay out of it. Light-skinned whenever nigga can I get my stack. You keep trying to bet me more money. Can I get my stack do old man yo. Why Y ain't owe him about getting my stack? Who owe you a stack Joe? Get that nigga his money nigga. All y'all niggas was cheering for him. Nah, moms out when I owe him money.


That's crazy. Yo. This is Joe button from the Joe button podcast. Can I speak to Bucks the Allion please. Oh man This is my brother. This is Him Buck. I'm live on air. So please don't say anything to incriminate yourself really quick. If you have a moment Thank you for the warning. Listen to this. Our good brother Ish and Mark Lamont Hill are clowning my basketball game and how to clothes look on me. Just everything about my basketball at time. They clown in my scoliosis, my awkwardness, everything about my ball game. Which made me say to them I have any amount of money that neither one of them could beat me in any one-on-one game.


They both took that bet. Anxiously They Were, I called you my, my good friend of over 20 years. Yes sir. To say can you just quickly tell them what happened Last time every nigga from the hood came through the porch where there happened to be a hoop in the yard and said one-on-one Joe button. What's up? I got a ball to come. Can you just tell him please. Yeah. It might even be footage somewhere in the archives too. So countless of people have challenged Joe. Hey Ball right on the Let Land Let 'em talk. I am And then it winds up always ending up in the yard for a one-on-one battle Joe has.


I don't think you never took a L with none of these tattoos, But I'm telling them I always, they like six years old I was undefeated in the yard. Anytime this conversation came up, I got two questions. One, when the last time you've been in that yard? Mm, it's been a little while. Buck, I ain't even talking to you. Oh you talking to Buck? It's my man Buck It is good. When the last time y'all been in that yard? Oh It is been a long time man. I Would like for you to put a date on it. Gimme a guesstimation. 20 years. Nah, not that long. Don't be maybe like 15. This Was was Obama president. No damn. W Nigga you come with some shit.


Did Clinton 20 years ago you letting niggas play with yo, let him talk. Clinton was the president. Let him answer you How good he is. Was that roughly, what was that like? Maybe 10 joints. Maybe? I No, 10. 10. It is pre pod 10. Nigga you I used to pull up to the yard for this. However, why you doing that instead of nigga you used accepting your challenge man. Not just that. Yo. Next weekend nigga there enough talking. Say next weekend, say less you skip Boston College nigga you speaking. Hey you skip the fuck you doing. We just get to it. Alright. That's I'm saying yo because I'm offended that these two niggas get to talk to me like this. I hon honestly and Buck, when you say the yard, oh man, did it end up in the yard like in a wrestling match in the grass.


They say, he's saying all this guy did. Is that what happened? You play boys. Well nah, you don't only you don't only foul don't tell. It gets you, You don't only foul. You know it gets what? Yo you know what's funny about this buck? The more questions we ask, Hey now I'm talking about that's at least familiar with me a little bit. And I'm may end with this Buck. I don't think, I don't think Ish gets to six Oh. Shit. I don't think I don game 11. I can't wait. Game 11 I. hope y'all serious. Ish don't get to six points. God damn. Mm. Watch nigga better watch. They fucking don't let this podcast shit fool.


You seen you play basketball. Don't let This shit trash. I'm telling you. So I You are a kaka bro. I bet you don't make six. We could double down. I bet you don't make I get my first. Of course. Alright. Of course. And then we can bet it right back. Yeah, for sure. Game 11. You saying he don't get six. He don't get six. Joe don't even play basketball. It is sound like this gonna happen. I Played basketball. I haven't played in a long time. You see his plate, you can't get off the couch neither could you stop. It is stop it. You act like you in the supreme shape nigga. I'm 100% more athletic than you. You're not going down. Aint anything It is going down. We we could jump right there. This athletic oh one watch.


Fucking it. I play basketball daily nigga. I play basketball daily. Jump off. This was the hoop at a point man. Ask Him all, Hey nigga, nigga, I really hopeful. I love you and I'll keep you posted. Me too, my brother. Alright. No doubt. You are the peace. Peace. Oh I can't wait to see I. hope niggas really playing. Y'all gotta play now. Gonna play. He's never gonna play too much shit. Why not? You would never play me. Why would not? Because ego confidence and self-esteem thing man or something that I'm all very, very would be a whole different man.


You wouldn't even walk in pad with a sexist. Same. You wouldn even walk in costume. You wouldn't walk nowhere the same nigga, your confidence would be shattered. Damn. That nigga joke got me. That nigga plays like the uncle that was just bigger than they anybody. I Playboy And the and can he play? He's athletic. No. You, you Donald Trump in these answers. Yeah. Or no? He play ball. He can play ball. Okay. On a one to 10 of average people, not NBA people, regular people. Like what is he? Six. Okay. Yeah, I'm comfortable. That's, I I had you at four but six is five. And what, are you in shape? No, not shape. Shape at this moment. Not shape. I don't care about shape at this moment. Seven, eight in basketball? Yeah. And what are you six five next weekend.


Can I record it? Mm yeah sure. Yeah that's it. That's, that's it. We not gonna do the, we're not gonna do the Joe button shit though. Like if you fall, you gonna tell Parks to cut it out. Mm. You talking crazy. I played basketball a casual. I played basketball. You don't understand. I woke up and went to sleep playing basketball. He put you on Tell tell it to them. Listen. Say that. You tell it to them Newark niggas that believe whatever you talking about. I. gotta see it nigga. Show me, show me. That's fine. I Got it and I'm free next weekend. Y'all the same way. Y'all hiked it up, hiked it up that turnpike as Yeah. Hike it up to the park nigga. That's fine.


Hike it up to the park. I play inside though. Yeah, you hear him now. I gotta play inside. I gotta play inside. Niggas in forties y'all Mr. 7, 8, 9 on the, on the scale. Gotta play inside. I ruptured my this, I ruptured my Achilles. I I just wanted look, you play outside, outside now. Joelle and bed. How about this Joel and Bed? Bed? Alright, relax. Alright. You Got it. Listen y'all, it's for part of the show. Joel. Bitch. Fuck outta here. Yo against Oak Hill. Alright, so G Man look, he, man, I'm telling Mark that was a punch.


Mark didn't know what you was talking about. We, we took, we took 10 minutes off and then no all that PrizePicks away. That's gang. What? Well first during the break you've been talking crazy like oh no, I recorded you. No, he trying to back me down in the fucking in the kitchen coffee still. Shit. He's sliding all over doing a fucking mashed potato in the kitchen. See? See Nat tried audience, audience during the break. Mark Lamont in the kitchen, huh? Easy money both the time man. Easy money. Both. He tried to put his strong ass fucking Harvard elbow on me. I let him know that fundamental basketball. Ah, ah. So I knocked over all of the Gatorade. But now I don't think Mark gets to six points either. Nigga you jumped a centimeter off the, you can't jump over a phone book Mark.


I jumped way higher than you. You, you do not. I jumped way higher. This sound like we make you don't way I, if I don jump way higher than I lose, I jump. He jumped higher way. He jumped high. Way higher than, don't jump higher than me. I don't know. Can't, I'm telling you, I can't say how. Trust me, yo, you know what, you know, you know. Can you dunk? I could, I I can't and more my kid let tell y'all five could dunk. I couldn't dunk donuts and milk nigga. And I get buckets. Let me tell you what the problem lemme tell you. Talking about donuts dunk hungry. Hell, I'm sure he can dunk back in the day. 12. I seen him dunk probably six, seven years ago. Wait, who's six?


How tall are you? Five 11 nigga. Nigga should be to dunk. Lemme tell y'all the problem with male friendships. Fucking Ben sent his ass nigga. Honestly. And then I'm gonna do PrizePicks. But the problem with male friendships, I wish Mel, I really wish my girl, my sister Mel was here for this part. Me too. God damnit we lack trust in our male friendships, right? Like I trust my mama. So sometimes I'll be saying some nut shit to my mama and my mom. My mama say baby, do you trust me? And I'll say, yeah mama, I do.


And she'll say, then just do what I'm telling you to do. Like I feel like at least one of y'all should be taking my word that y'all are of zero threat to me and inferior to me in every athletic category. So why don't you take my word? Maybe not both of y'all, but one of y'all should believe it. You can't even be this educated and out athletic me. It's not even possible dealing with time consumption. That you could be this intelligent and wise and have so much wisdom and go to the fucking Rucker and beat me. Nigga. Nigga sit rapping for 30 fucking years. Sit down somewhere nigga we can rap on the court like that ain't a You.


think it gonna sit. You can't get your doctorate and be on the court nigga that that's stupid him. He got too many hoodies. That's yeah, you smoke too many stoles consumption nigga It is just time consumption. You got the green with the bank nigga. He say you too coordinated. No, you too. You, you too gorgeous. Nigga. You can't say nothing. You're not coming to no Hoboken Park the fuck with me. Hoboken Park. Two weeks. That's it.


Yo, PrizePicks, PrizePicks, PrizePicks, PrizePicks PrizePicks. I love male ego in podcasting. No, for real. I don't even think y'all agree. I don't even think podcasting could be done without male ego. I'm be a Hoboken park every fucking day for the next two weeks. You going, you going running suicides. Running suicides and shit. Shit. Real like cable guy. Right? Yo, what you just said is the equivalent of the rapper on tour trying to beef. You can't really do it. You on tour, you got all types of Candace Owens debates. We canceled. I I'll let Donald Trump be fucking president before I let you beat me in basketball. I'm not, I'm not talking about shit else for the next two weeks. Fuck what happened. Alright, so PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Super easy and simple to play. All you have to do is select two players across all sports and all New York sports lost the other day. The Yankees, the Knicks, the Giants, horrible, horrible time for us and the Liberty got one off the bullshit ref call. But across all genres to let select two players look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win big. I am going with Justin Jefferson for more than 83 and a half receiving yards. I'm going with Saquon Barkley for more than 67 and a half rush yards. I'm going with Kyron Williams for more than 70 rush yards. And I'm going with, I'm off Drake London now and Jayden Reid and I'm going with Jayden Daniels for more than 50 Rush yards. Okay, that's, that's what they playing. That's Steve. I don't know, I'm never even it. He been doing it though. Listen, he showed them boys the other day. He did. Caleb Williams was bit all his nail polish off. Caleb Williams on the sidelines took every bit of that pink nail polish off. Don't forget to download the app today and use promo code JBP to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. One more game. If you download the app today and use promo code JBB, you get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


How you making me mad now? I don't, I just, you remind of what's, what's that light get pretty boy nigga used to play for the Nuggets. Tall nigga with the pretty eyes thought he was nice. The Nuggets, what was his name? Aaron Williams or some shit he played for the Nets too. Light-skinned nigga with the hazel eyes and the muscles. I think it was Aaron Williams. Y'all don't know what I'm talking about. I think I do. But. yeah, they play Pound Forward pretty odd nigga. I ain't wasn't looking nigga eyes, but we need some woman energy in here bro. Man. Yeah, I don't know about nigga. Mel not here. Every, every, if I get some here, if I get some in here in trouble, if I get some in here, you get in trouble. Exactly. Do we really need some more? I get some in here with with a text.


I get. I'll get some in here. Get some real energy. Hey they, they just left last night. That shit kryptonite nigga. Relax the fuck you talking. They could get here and the drop of a dive and then you'll be gathering your briefcases. Yeah. Hold I. gotta go I gotta go for me to get outta here. Oh, oh my god. I Can you edit that out please? Don't nigga sit right here. Does anybody here want to talk about Andrew Reese? Shaq on Andrew Reese's podcast? Yes please. That shit was crazy. It was crazy. Yes. It was fucking crazy. Please, please expound. Elaborate. So it's really disappointing because I love Shaq. Shaq had Angel Reese on his podcast or no, he on her was on, he went on her.


That's all the background, right? He's on her podcast and he's talking about, he's being playful talking about marketing ideas, you know, and he was like, you know, if you would wear those short shorts that y'all wore that you wore while and out, your sales would go through the roof. Right? That's the basic gist of it, right? Yeah. And she's trying to cut 'em off and I almost wish we could play it because like, you gotta hear the discomfort. She tries to like end the conversation, change conversation. He says it again and she's kinda like, like chill. Basically the vibe is like chill. I'm just saying she said chill multiple times. Yeah, she said chill multiple times. So for me, That is, it was just creepy to me and weird.


Like, and I'm not saying Shaq had bad intentions. Maybe he didn't, I don't know what's in Shaq's brain. He seems like a good dude every time I've seen him. He's a great dude, but he's two damn old for that shit. Angel Reese is 22. She's young. Young, she's young. Young, young. I got kids older than Angel Reese. Angel Reese is 22 years old. Shaq is in, he's old older than me. He's in his fifties. You can't be talking to no young girl about her short shorts in which, especially when she's uncomfortable. And I'm not talking about if you, if It is a different situation, but she's uncomfortable and you too old for that shit. It felt creepy. And I think a lot of old heads should look at that video and realize that that's how we look when we be trying to holler at girls that's that's younger than our kids.


I saw a lot of young girls tweeting and shit was like, I hate when older dudes talk to me. It makes me feel like they, it was a whole bunch of 'em was just like, yo, somebody gets it. Like I hate that shit. Like bro, go talk to somebody else. Like Right. You lost me at the end of, at the last part of your statement though, which was when older dudes try to holler at a younger girl, He not saying he did, I'm just saying that's what, but that's what we're talking about right this second. Yeah. I'm not saying he was trying to holler at her. This is someone that you invited on your podcast. This is someone who on air referred to you as a sister. Yes. So why is it the old guy talking to me in a creepy way trying to hollow or in a way that's making me uncomfortable versus an older athlete who is probably the one of the best at branding and marketing and doing the best, doing commercials.


Arguably the best, right? Yeah, 100%. Why is it not that person giving me a great business idea? You can give that idea. I'm just asking a question. I'm not, you, you, you can give that in a I don't have a horse in this. You can give that in a different way, but I think it's important to read the room too. She was uncomfortable. That part is, she was not okay with, I'm not saying I don't think Shaq was trying to holler at her. I think he looks at her as a little sister and intrigues her as a mentor and she looks at him as a mentor. But if your mentor is suddenly talking about your little ass shorts, that shit is weird. And that's, that's where my problem kick in at right there because, and y'all know I am super Angel Reese Hive. Like I don't even speak on something if she's not in a, in a proper light. I won't even talk about it. Good. I coulda used you last week. Yeah, yeah. But with all that being said, one of her biggest critiques about everybody else is that she's being sexualized.


What do you expect to happen? Not saying it's right or anything, but you don't see a lot of the other WNBA stars claim that they're being sexualized. You also don't see them the way she presents herself. Yeah, people can, there's a correlation there. You can't argue about being hypersexualized by society. If you wear things that are basically like, wow, look at me in a sexual way. I disagree. I think there is a correlation. However, if I am 22 years old and I'm wearing short shorts, I should, I shouldn't be shocked that there's memes about me.


I shouldn't be shocked that there's 28-year-old men saying, yo angel reeds blah, blah blah blah blah. That's all fair game because that's what you're signing up for. And there's nothing wrong with women being sexual and showing their bodies. They have a right to do that without being mistreated. We not talking about I know, I'm just establishing that later on. People don't say, well what about, I agree but a 50 plus year old man doing some creepy shit is not fair game. Just 'cause I'm wearing short shorts. It ain't just the short shorts or, or whatever. This ain't no one time thing I'm saying whatever. That's my point. No, no. She be outside and she, she wears shit. 22-year-old wear. She makes sure to show off my shit. Yes. But what I'm saying is if so people gonna comment on that, not just that sort of 50-year-old man now is supposed to be blind.


No, he's supposed to remember that he's a 52-year-old man. But he did that by not sexualizing her and in turn giving her a grand business idea. Oh, I, and a few days later I wish I knew the other young lady's name, the athlete girl. She signed a, when her sexy pictures went out a few days later she announced a brand deal. The j the girl Jada. This kinda reminds me of the Theca deal. Yes. I think her name is Jada. It kinda reminds me of that. And she got a deal for the, for the fora for the gym clothes. Yeah. So what, what would be the difference? Hey, it's the same thing we got on. I wanna say that's Bill Maher's ass. Yeah, that's just about to say We on Hawk. We got Bill Mar's ass for the Hawk tour Girl when he sounded like a creepy old man saying he is, you should start a podcast and transfer your audience and do something with your notoriety.


Not even a month later she took his advice. It is her number was, and she has, she has one of the top performing podcasts in the country. So nothing wrong with giving advice. He he, he sounded to people including, I, I can't say what Angel thought, but I know how she responded. She responded like she was uncomfortable. And the people watching mic, let me hear you mic like, like ice was saying, a lot of the women watching were like, oh, I know how that feels. I feel uncomfortable when that happens. We gotta take into consideration that what we're doing, regardless of our intentions is making people uncomfortable. That has to matter. It's like when somebody say some racist shit, it's like, I didn't mean it to be racist. Yeah. But if we all felt like, yo, that was some racist shit. You, we might wanna think about that. See where, where I shoot Shaq some bell in this though. Kind of go, the word uncomfortable has turned into like Yeah, yeah.


It has Uncomfortable is a very, very over It is serious. I shoot Shaq Bell because he kind of, all right, look, if you constantly gonna be out here showing off, wearing the short shit showing off, Hey, dunk in it. Yeah. Make some money off that shit. Make some money off of it. That's now, once she responded and showed that she was visually uncomfortable with that, I would've left it alone. True. Right. True. Agree. At that point I've, I would've left that alone. I'm not mad at him saying that though. It is like, yo dog. It's like when somebody tell you if you gonna be out here shaking in your ass and show yo go get paid. He, he probably looked at it as an og that even if you tell you uncomfortable, I'm just telling you what I'm telling you. But you, why I'm not trying to make you uncomfortable and no why mad at the internet, the internet react without considering people's lineups.


Like Shaq roster. Don't say to me that he gotta be on air trying to bag or make Angel Reese uncomfortable. I think he's trying don't, like, I don't think he's trying. I that's, I'm agreeing about everything I say, but he should be able to recognize that and pivot that. That's all I'm, that's all I'm saying. Sometimes I won't. That's all. Wait, wait. Stop. Sometime the older niggas, when they telling you something, they don't give a fuck how they make you feel. It's just from the area they come from. And that's a problem. That's the problem. That's not the intent. It's like, yo, I chill ma I'm trying to tell you something. You should do this. Can you imagine this? They're just trying. I'm with 'em a little bit. Good advice is good advice. It or not, That is true. But I have to ask first off, who, who are you to just volunteer this advice?


I didn't need that. Don't matter. Asked me somebody that I, and that's, that's her mentor asked me and That is my answer. I'm Shaquille o fucking Neil. True. And if I'm looking at you like little sis, right? Because I'm agreeing with everything I said. I think Shaq had great intentions, but if I'm looking at you like little sis, no little sister wants to imagine big bro looking at my ass in the booty shorts, boom. That's gonna make me feel uncomfortable. There's no trust. I think, oh man, I hear what you're saying. Ish then, then stop calling me little sis. Hey then, and let me stop calling you big bro. 'cause if I'm giving you sound advice and you think I'm imagining you and your fucking booty shorts dunking the ball, then we not having the same conversation. Hey, you know where else this gets tricky.


She's Reebok signed to Reebok, Shaq and AI are like VP legend. So now basically giving her fun. Yeah, but now you don't, you you can't in today's society, you can't be sitting here making folks uncomfortable and they work for you damn near you. You, you, you opening up yourself to some other shit now. I mean, there's a legal piece to it. You're a hundred percent right everybody out, everybody in society today, honestly y'all are right, should have comfort. But this, and it's also, it's a way to, it's also a way to do it, Joe. Look at it like this. Look at it like this. Right? Think about it like this. Think about it like this. If Shaq were having that same conversation with one of Kobe's daughters, right? You think he would've said it that same way? He wouldn't have a conversation like that with Kobe's daughters.


Nor and nor would he have said it the same way Kobe's daughters are not podcasters and they're not out there posting in I'm saying in the same and the thing that sexualizing themselves like she's doing. No, I'm I'm saying, I'm saying my point was under the same circumstances, there are people who, he would've treated differently in that way in the same way that if one of my daughters was up here, none of y'all would've been like, yeah, them little ass shorts. Y'all would've what you might've said to my daughter. Right? I would imagine you would say, you would say, you would say what? You would say, yo, all y'all young girl, all y'all kids out there dressing all crazy and stuff, why don't you, why don't you use that, those same outfits to make some money. Right? That's different than I saw you them little ass shorts, girl. It's, it's, it's the energy. It's not the advice that I'm criticizing. But that could also go to It is that could also also speak to their level of comfort.


True. If I talk to you like that and we, we fly like that. I might say it that way, but a lot of times the problem is old men become predators in that way. But, but I'm, I'm not A lot of OGs got the little sis and they little sis, they get a little drinks and next thing you know they try and hit. You know what I'm saying? A lot of times that happens or people pretend to be o old heads to they till this time they hit. I'm not gonna disagree with that, but I'm gonna keep this in context. We don't know that. We don't know Shaquille o O'Neill to have a history of that. He don't, and this is Shaquille O'Neal we're talking about, but that's my point. I don't feel good. Also, also all of that you said is speculative because we do not know that under the same exact pretenses, he would not give that advice to Kobe's daughter if all things were alike.


If Kobe's daughter was running around, rest in peace to rest in peace Mamba. If Kobe's daughter is running around in a certain manner, present herself in a certain manner and has a podcast to discuss all things culture and lifestyle related, then yeah, hey, I might give that advice. Hey, if I have your daughter on and she's doing all of those things, I could believe that I'm giving great advice to my man's daughter who I love. I think you would, don't you say it like that. I wouldn't be looking at it like I'm trying to do some creepy shit with Mark's daughter. Even that even sounds creepy, man. Exactly. But that's my point. It's, it's the It is not the advice, it's the delivery. And at that moment he didn't sound like big bro. He's sounded like just a, just just a regular nigga talking to a young girl.


And that's the point. I don't, lemme be clear, I don't think Shaq had, see see that's true. To never speak to him again. I don't think Shaq had bad intentions. I think sometimes two things happen. One, you get too comfortable and two, sometimes we don't realize how old we are. We forget literally how old we are. We've been hollering at 20 year olds. Our whole life's at 25 30. And then when we get too old to holler at 20 year olds or 25 year olds, we still talk like we young and we not young, we too old for that shit. Niggas still think they can don't. That's what I'm saying. I don't think Shaq had a bad intention at all. I just like, I don't think so. Just Shaq just pay attention. Read the room. That's all I'm saying. That's true. I think we can all agree on the read the room aspect of that thousand percent. Yeah, for sure. Definitely. If she's uncomfortable then pick, leave it alone. That's it. That that's it. It's no point in trying to rationalize your thinking in that moment.


She's uncomfortable pivot. That's your little sister. You don't wanna be uncomfortable. You could Reword too. You know what I'm saying? My bad. Yeah. Didn't mean it like that. Well you say it like this. Yeah, yeah. That's all I'm saying. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, I don't have nothing. No, I'm just saying. No, it's funny. I nigga hit the nail on the head. You talking about this basketball shit, we talking about this basketball shit. Niggas is old and we really do forget how old, like I'll see nowadays, this is funny. Like a lady might be 51, 52 guessing, right? You'll just see a OA older lady, you know she 50 something. Yeah. Like damn, she a good looking older woman realize nigga you three years behind bitch, we was in high school together. Right? No You right there.


We don't and we look good. So we don't look at ourselves like we them old niggas dog. We right there, we older This. shit. So lemme ask you a question. What's, what's the youngest age if we, I know we not single, right, but if we, but just in terms of age appropriateness for our age, if we was trying to holler what's the cutoff? That's what I'm asking to fuck or to date. That's a great question. Either, either or two. Y'all want me to jump off the first? That be two numbers. You go first I go 26 to to, to be intimate with for me would probably be, if she real fine 28, 27, Mike could get it done too. I wouldn't tell nobody.


I wouldn't tell right date red flag to date 36 and up for me, 35 bucks, 36 and up for me. Really? For sure I'm my day. I don't have the time to listen to what the young bitch tattoos say. Yeah, I don't, I still talk to some of 'em. It's It is a migraine to date for me. I think a 34-year-old with her head on. Right. I would date them to pop said 34 with a portfolio. No, she don't even gotta have no bread. She just gotta have a a You know what I mean. Like be a a a well grounded woman to pop late twenties if you five you get it.


You know what's funny? Well I I don't want to deprive y'all or y'all chance to answer Parks playing Apple Watch. I don't have Apple Watch. Oh, your Rolex Oh. Yeah. you Apple watch. I'm not in the gym. Yo, you used to be Apple watch game. I did, but I'm not in the gym no more. He said Apple watch I'D for you ice and flipped. Also answer before I move on to date. This is a really like a little dude cast did. It really is 43rd, 31 to date to pop 25. How old are you? How old are you? I'm 40, 41. Okay. Oh 3 6 4 41 Now flip is 37.


Yes. 26 for me to pop. Maybe 25 maybe might be 24. No, no, no. They, they get annoying at 37 to pop. They get annoying. They get annoying. They get annoying nigga. And to to, to be in a relationship with probably 31. 31. Yeah. My numbers would probably be around I 25 Ish to pop and probably 30, but 30 Ish should be in a relationship. You know the hill I'm dying on in my relationship is Lord. I say it's okay. It's is okay. We all get in trouble. We have, We have understanding and this is a bold move, but it's an old nigga move.


I'm dying on the hill of yo dog. I don't want to hear no more about women because with or without you, I'm not running in the field to just be captain. Fuck everybody. That's not where my goals are single that, yeah, just single It is not about you. It's about me. That ain't what what what I'm trying to do. That ain't what I'm focused on. And it ain't nothing about that. Like, and this is another one that gets tricky. I could spot the girl that physically Yeah, maybe I would do something with, but I don't have the wherewithal or the energy to pursue that or deal with what comes with after I Fuck that girl.


It ain't about you yo it ain't about you. I don't want to talk about girls no more. I don't talk to me about girls when there's a real reason to talk to me about girls. Now granted, I've given a real reason. Enough granted. That's what the problem comes. Now granted don't go on my phone, I'm just saying that's what a problem comes be. The piece that you wanna see Be Whatever, Some Toxic Poetry, Toxic Poetry be the piece We wanna see. I think it's also honest. It's true. I I don't believe that the men that the women say that they are looking for, if they have to deal with a 24 7 Hawkeye, I don't believe there's a man that you're going to not find something to anger you.


If you are, if you have your man under constant exposure and scrutiny, you'll see that your man says hi to the male lady in the morning in a way different that that, that you would like him to think. You are looking, you'll see that hey fucking who Yo dog. You think that come with an insecurity attached? Yes. No peace. Little bit. I think that, I think it could be yes a little bit. Some insecurity. I think every person's individual history has to play a part in that upbringing. Parents, how you were raised, siblings, attention you've received, whether you've had, whether you've not had, I think a lot of variables come into play with how somebody handles a certain, a certain response.


Bro, I dated a girl that got mad with the way I talked to waitresses. Same. I just think, I think all of that shit is immaturity. I'm just ordering burgers. Like Yeah, but then they'll say to you, but then they'll say to you, there's a difference between insecurity, insecure and territorial. Is it? No. No, there isn't. That's the same. Yeah. It's It's not true. There's a difference. Sometimes it's insecurity, sometimes it's us. Like I had a situation. You Yeah, like I had a, I had a a girl, this is my twenties where I was, I mean I was, she was like, why you staring at Alicia Keys so hard? I was like, she fine. I was, we were watching the Grammys. She was before TV Nigga on tv. Oh no. Oh yeah. No, I not arguing about nothing on, on on tv.


That was the last, that was our last week together. Yeah. That was because it was like, it was like, I can't do nothing about that. They ain't got shit to do with me. That had nothing to do with, see, that'd be my thing. Like a lot of times that's insecurity. Nobody has anything to do with that. And and even to your point when you saying it's a whole bunch of stuff that they've endured or went through in their life, fam, if you're not willing to heal those things, I can't take on that. Right. I just can't. That's easier said than done. Yeah. I can't, facts, I cannot. If you love somebody then you volunteer to be on their healing journey with them. But, so let me ask you, let me ask you this. So you responsible for how long that journey takes? Responsible? No. Responsible to stay responsible. No. Still not even responsible to stay invested in Yes.


Responsible. No, but you don't owe to nobody to stay. You have Yeah. That's, that's your choice. But you have a a certain responsibility to invest in your, you have decided to invest in your partner. So whatever your partner is troubled with or having a hard time, that's a part of getting over. That's a part of the journey now. That's right. All right, cool. So You, right, but you also, but you also are serious. That's a lot. A lot of us. That's a good talk. But hold on. But wait, a lot of us are insecure too. True. Men are insecure. We got our own, when niggas start going through women's phones, that's security on that nigga's part. Some, some of us can mask it more. Some of us have, some of us can mask it better and some of us, you know, use little tricks and trays to cover it up.


But a lot of niggas is insecure as well. It wasn't even gender. If you, you walk by your girl phone or you walk by you the phone, you may even look, you not hoping to see anything. You make it just be looking. But it may cross your mind like, yo, she's sometimes it does. Like at this point, I don't care what my girl has seen in my phone and trust me, she has seen everything in the phone. Shit that I don't even know about. Yeah. You've seen enough to now know that I ain't fucking nobody. Right. She might not like your interactions. She may not like what she's seeing in there, but she could tell the type of time I'm on by looking at how the, the correspondence goes here. And that's what I'm saying, like part of that shit is us, some of It is people's insecurities and pain all it's all true.


And sometimes like they know us better than we know ourselves or sometimes we've given them reasons. That's what I mean. Like you've done, like you said, your girl's seen shit in your phone. She's seen it all. So yeah, she might say this nigga might still be up to it or something. So now I'm gonna keep checking. I think that's nuts. Some people do that, bro. I I'm not, I'm not because they been, because they is and you not going nowhere. You know? So you've seen me do from A to Z and you not going nowhere, then what the fuck are we gonna keep arguing over me reciting the alphabets for if you know, no matter what you find, you not going nowhere. You basically setting us up for turmoil and more drama and more, but you know what they think.


Well my response to That is yeah, that may be all well and good, but you're treating me like I won't go nowhere. You playing with me now, me not going nowhere is my decision. Sure. But the things that I choose to stay and leave for are different. But what you not gonna do is wave that little bus ticket in my face. No, nobody's saying that. And play with me in a way that I won't. We don't know. That's not our decision to make. But actually I just told my girl, I said, yo, all the shit that you have caught me doing, like I want you to know I made the decision as a man before I did it and said, nah, my girl is not leaving me because I text such and such this or because you saw me and such and such go bowling.


Like you kind of the same way they know us, we know them. Right. I I think we had that, we did have that important convers. I I know what the lable offenses are for sure. For my partner now. Yes. And that's where I align with some of what you're saying is if it's not on the lable offenses, stop then don't migraine me to death, but I'm not stop meeting my process, but I'm not gonna try to remove her Right. To have a voice and ex and be expressive. Not at all. I want her to feel comfortable enough to be expressive with me when that's not what nigga was saying. But that's not what saying when Barton is getting my dick hard and she doing the bend over, lift my shit up in the air. Like come on. All right, go ahead. Go ahead. All right. You Got it. I think sometimes I, I think sometimes what what what's happening It is like, It is like when police circle a a block where they know people selling drugs.


Right. They're not gonna lock nobody up. Right. And they know you selling drugs but they like just don't disrespect us. We, we just trying to patrol the area to keep things limited. True. It's It is cops that we know that'll be like, yo dog not tonight. And that's kind of what's happening and you say pack it up and I'm going home. And what you describing sounds like that to me. Like, I'm not leaving you for This shit she said. But like I, you know like just chill. Like I'm seeing This shit in the text. I'm seeing this It is like managing This shit because they're hoping, I'm not saying it's right. I'm saying they're hoping that they could limit our behaviors if we can. You know, if they, if if we notice somebody's always watching, but what if it's the other way around? Right. What if she was, what if that was her response?


Yo, I know you ain't going to leave me because some nigga, I'm cool with some nigga that's saying that, oh you got a nice body or I'm cool with some nigga that like to come around me or I'm cool with an employee that I go out with to lunch. Like what if it was the other way around? It's girl It is girls that do that. I know. I'm just, I'm not accepting that. Yeah. But that the shit I do. Listen, hey hypocrite here stop hypocrisy the shit I do play around. My wife can't do it. Are you serious at all? I'm not accepting it. He dead ass. He said that all hell at all. I'm, I'm not with it. Me Trevor Robinson Jr. I stand on this hill alone. I'm not with it. I believe in double standards and I believe to be a, a self-proclaimed hypocrite, I don't like it. I feel different. Her, her tolerance level is better than mine and that's why I respect her master manipulator.


Yo, you said you a master manipulator and narcissist. You can't say that stupid. That's what It is it all the time. But you can't say that part. Her tolerance is so much better than mine. No, she, no, that's listen listen my wi listen, she would see something niggas girls be smart. Listen, but here Joe, listen, she would, we can't, yo we can't take half This shit. We don don't put our girl through. She would see something and hold it down for mad long. But we don't pick a girl that's gonna put us through what we put them through. But listen, niggas can't hear. I gotta say we could also like not do shit. Right. Hold on Mark. Chill. Fuck you. You should listen. She not even here today. Damn word. Nah, he, he got Mark.


You don't do shit. No. Honest to God. He told me, I asked him the same thing probably he don't this, this is what I, no this is what I tell you. This is what I tell you. I see through that political shit. I know the political way to do the versus that I be doing. So, so We gonna talk. This is the real talk. Real talk. Real talk. He's the wizard master of the words. Sorry, I I don't you be showing your intelligence sometimes to bitches that don't need to see it. Facts. Yes you do. And you know what to do. Facts. And you know what the effect that it has facts. That's a fact. You smart niggas are getting it off. come on dog. And on top of that, you teaching your son to speak Spanish first nigga as an English nigga. You, how do we know all those tricks as an English nigga, as a nigga that speak English? You speak Spanish. I watched, lemme lemme ask you this. Can you be held responsible for the things that you just casually and normally doing and how somebody's affected by?


Yeah. Huh? Unfortunately. Yeah. Fuck out. Yes, yes, yes. Fuck our answer. Yes my answer. Yes. That's my answer too. That's all I'm saying. Like we can make choice so you dumb you dumb down around pretty chicks. Me me hear you nigga. I don don. I don't see pretty women. I don't don't see you don. don. This is, I'm joking, I'm joking with Yeah but you, you've you crock of shit. Oh he It is, tell me how, tell me how he been waiting to get that He ain. Like that basketball shit. He still mad about that shit. But I'm only talking about in this conversation and I'm getting that from the way he presented that question.


I agree with Mark here. Not on, I don't see pretty women. Damn. I'm joking. What the fuck is he talking about? Right. But yes, I present myself around pretty women in a way That is not so desirable and I turn off my bag. Yes, that's what I'm saying. You maybe don't turn your bag off. And I think that you are responsible for what comes your way when you don't turn your bag off. This shit on autopilot. He can't turn This shit off. You have to turn that off sometimes though. You gotta turn it off. You have to turn it off. Sometimes. He walking off when I went to fucking girls love RBI ain't say a word to nobody. What'd that matter? It was to your question that you asked Mark. It doesn't matter 'cause the way somebody walks in a room, the way they, they present themselves speaks before they ever open they fucking mouth.


And the fact that you are, nigga you talking to me right now, you please me. Please continue. I'm gonna get another T-shirt and say this is me on it. Joke. I don't think much of you talk damn when you walk in a room, when you walk in a room. The fact that you go over there to the corner and you don't say somebody say to nothing to nobody. That shit is saying something serious. Wonder you talking to me Is wonder he's right about that. All part of Joel's it could be 70 dimes over there. The fact that you walk in and you ignore the 70 dimes on all the other sharks is over there in they face. That speaks No, but, but, but, but there's another step right now af after they, you do that mysterious shit, they walk over to, to talk to you Thank, you mark and then you double down or you press up on it Thank you mark, that's you double down to do what Thank you or, but if he walked, you double down and do what Thank you.


Mark, what do you double down and do? I'm mad when they walk over and talk to you. Don't, you don't engage, engage. Mad, mad drive. That's me too mad. That's me too short. Mad. I don't want to talk. Maybe this new joke. I'm not, I ain't been out with the Joe. I'm not exchanging a phone number. You, right? No, I'm not dm. When you send a dm, oh my god, it was so great meeting you. I'm leaving it on Brad. Yes, exactly. Lemme tell you what the therapist told me when me and shorty went therapy. No, he's moving a goalpost. No I'm not. Yes you are. I hate when you do that. You always say that when you in your ass beat. I, I'm, I'm winning this. I don't see it. I do. Why do you think I'm moving to goal post fam? Because nobody said nothing about when they engage in you in conversation. You said Mark did. Mark, no, you Mark continued your scenario. You are naming, hold on, lemme talk.


You are naming things that we carry with us. So yes, you are right to the therapist's point. He said he dumb his down. You said you dumbed down how you walk in a room. You don't go over there and you don't speak to no girls. And I and I cop we advanced it with you. Skip that. Cool. We, we are advancing it with you. Yes. We come in like that. Your point is they see that and it's still attractive. Okay, cool. In the next steps to that, our borders closed. Right. We carry different, we saying our borders closed. Mine is closed from the rip. Keep going. Mine too, dog. If I engage with somebody that's out of politeness and kindness, that don't mean I'm trying to fuck you. I'm being polite. Somebody, me and Marcus saying that we not so kind.


Right. It depends on how you engage too. Ish and that could be me and Marcus saying we not so kind. That could be bad. What? It's the whole I'm engaging 'cause I'm polite and kind. You like to talk? I do. You get to having a conversation with her. Yo, lemme tell you something. Hold on. Let let freeze talk. Now you get to having a conversation with her. Yo, you start exchanging your favorite author. Y y'all niggas is podcasting right now, nigga. We all know if we want fuck something, they fucked. What y'all talking about? I'm tired of y'all sitting up here acting like y'all niggas is the fucking Boy Scouts nigga. When I meet a girl and she engages with me and I wanna fuck her, she's fucked. Ish. Yeah, but you choose not to. Exactly. Ish. The point is, it's up to us to not wanna fuck them. Ish and the girl wanna fuck you Joe.


It's nothing you can do to, to calm that down. Except you don't have to engage. You ain't gotta engage. I'm saying flip. Let me give it to him because we, that's what I'm saying, are saying the same thing, the same way that you say, and I've said to my girl plenty of times, Hey Ma, stop talking about me about this. You know, if I wanted to fuck she'd be fucked. She's, yeah. The flip side of that coin is when you don't want to fuck, that's abundantly clear as well. True. Me and Mark on that side of the coin, no matter how attractive our walk-in was to shorty True. I'm sure with a million chicks in that girls love karaoke shit that would've loved to fucking go home. Guess what? I'm sitting here like this. I'm drinking my drink, I'm walking out, I'm going home to bed. Right man. Not talking to nobody, not doing nothing. Came in, told the story about a girl.


You go in and get the, I came in here and told the story about a girl that was literally damn near sitting in my lap in the spot and she was pretty nigga, I ain't pop, I don't want pop you. She was also annoying. So now what is your profile when the girl is not so annoying, not so unattractive, all the way in your lane business up, network up. Are you, are you pulling out your Hey, I'm attractive bag? My answer is yes versus what I do, which is bitch get the fuck away from me no matter how much I might want to do something to you. That's the side me and mark on. Bro. I'm not being rude to nobody, period. Oh, see that's one. That's one. And number two, I am you talking to me.


Yo one, you not rude to everybody. That's a lie. And then number two, and it's not really rude. It is cold. And not and not, and not just that. Sometimes the rude is to the real batty. The real batty. You gonna keep trying to use my No, I'm not, no, no, no. Sometimes the rudeness to the real batty It is eternal. It is, It is, that's why you walk out the door and if you get that DM later, you don't answer it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And, and that's, that's, that's, that's how I move. Now your Ian Dunlap just came here two weeks ago and, and said, yo, I said to mouse, I don't know. I said to Joe, I don't know how you do it. He said, yo, we went out, we went to pagoda, we sat at the bar, it happened. And you, man, that was impressive.


I don't know how you do it. That takes discipline. That takes a certain type of backbone. Yo, I seen him, I seen, I seen him ignore yo niggas that out with me know how, how I, I have too. I forgot about that shit at the ball when they was looking. I'm like, yo Joe. And he was like, he looked straight. I seen him do that. Niggas that go out with me like for real. I seen, you know, I don't play them games. I seen that. you right, you right about that. I Got it. If I'm willing to play the game for me, that mean I'm willing to have the fight with my girl about you. And ain't and ain't a lot of y'all. And yo listen. But at the same time, like I said earlier, our women have better tolerance level than us. No, I I need y'all to hear this because my wife would see something and hold it down and play it cool for mad weeks and bring it up outta nowhere.


That's tolerance. That's patience. Not me. I see. He said, yo, what the fuck nigga the whole house. Everybody cutting downstairs, JR Nico Prince, let's go family meeting. I can't. So that's what I'm saying. And also when I realized that how tolerance, tolerance level is strong and makes me think about myself. Like, damn I gotta do a little better. Or I I I don't wanna present this. 'cause I know that if she did this, I wouldn't like it. That's all I would That is a percent. That's all I was saying. But that's in I agree with you. That's, that's a revelation. That's that's me. Right. But at the same, but that means not be a hypocrite. Right. I but I am a hypocrite because I still feel like, I still feel like I, I listen, I'm No, no, don't, we ain't the same. I'm loyal to the Hold on. Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. I'm loyal to the cause.


I'm loyal to the content. I'm gonna do whatever It is to make it entertaining. You and I are not in the same field. But at the same time, we can't con we can't help. I can't. Hmm. I don't wanna say this because I got in trouble for this bitch. Who? My wife. You nigga never her. No. You always, you always never her. I, I can't because I'm kind of responsible, but I I can't be held responsible for her feelings. I, but I am. But no, I'm not. Whatever she feels is internally. No, I, I am, but I'm not. That's what I'm saying. You is man. You are, you can make, not everyone are making. 'cause you have to be one with yourself to understand that, yo, I know what this is and I know what he's doing. I know if like, you see this, it's coming.


He's coming home every night and things are, I'm not sleeping over. I'm not doing anything. I'm not having sex with anybody else. So you have to understand that whatever I do, and if you do hear something outside on this podcast, it's pure performative. I put myself out there. Yeah. I That is I I I've been having don't even do that. A lot of, he he subscribes to. Yeah. I subscribed. Got But then, but then, but listen, listen. Totally d clear instructions. Initially I signed up for the joke podcast. I fine Thank. you do not embarrass me. Motherfucker a free listen. Initially, initially, you know, initially she was fine. She was fine with it. But then when you come on a big broadcast now people initially she's like all if it wasn't getting back to her this morning.


Yeah. She's like, yo, I hear about it. I hear you arguing about you ain't do this. Cool. I believe you 'cause you was home this time. Now it's a bigger broadcast. Yo, your husband said this. And she said to me the other day, you think, 'cause I don't watch the show, I don't hear what's be going on in, on Patreon. I laughed because, but it came outta nowhere, nigga. All right nigga. I said something like weeks ago, but my argument was I'm loyal to the, to the, to the cause. See, I'll, I'll say, I'll say this in closing, Got it. 'cause we do need to move on. Yeah. And I feel all of that. Our wives and girls have more tolerance for sure than we do. I feel that and understand that point. And mine, I argue the exact opposite in mine. I ar argue I'm pretty tolerable with a lot of shit.


True. I'm not gonna hold you. I have unconventional You do non-traditional. You do. You're right. Views. You do. That's true. So when she says, Hey, would you like it if I did such and such and such and such and such? It's not a valid argument for you. I say, she says, no you wouldn't. No you wouldn't like that. You would do X, Y, Z. I say, how do you know that? Have you ever come to me and said or presented some of the things that I've presented you with? She says, no. I said, then don't tell me what I'm okay with and what I'm not okay with until you try me. And she said, well, I don't wanna do those things that you wanna do. Alright, well that's then let's keep the conversation where It is.


This thing is good. This thing is I'm It is I'm, are you, I've dated You, right? Strips. I've dated bartenders, I've dated the OnlyFans. I've dated girls that had husbands, I've dated girls that had families. I've dated women that have lied to me for years. I've dated girls that left me and cheated with a nigga with more money cheated with a nigga with a bigger dick cheated over here. I over the other one and the unconventional things You know what I mean. So I mean, I'm experienced enough to where you not this, you not about to present me with something that's outta my wheelhouse. And I'd like us to both feel comfortable coming to say whatever we into now I'm with updating our relationship rules.


Just 'cause you was who you was when we met. Don't mean that that's who you are today. So let's, let's hit update. Let's hit the update button. But y'all just gotta had that conversation. Yeah. Some niggas update on they end and Yeah. Yeah. And that's found, that's forget to push reset on the other corner. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm not with that. I'm not with that. I'm not with that baby. If you listen, I love you. I know you're listening music. Let's do it. Yeah, let's do it man. Get to some music, man. Happy to have big freeze back for the music. I'm happy to be back and I'm happy to be back and hey, something good. Dropped it. Did you good over there? Allergies? Oh yes. s that season. Do do it.


That'll do it. Bullshit. I'm sorry, what is it that black people look polling What you just call it Polling nigga poll. I don't know. Poll nigga. Stupid. What poll is polling yo in the air? Oh man. But. yeah, Tyler Tyler dropped this new album Chromakopia On Monday, which I love. I loved it. Love it absolutely loved dropping on Monday. Love it. Yeah. Nice to wake up on a good Monday morning. Have some new tunes. Did y'all get a chance to listen to it? I have no, A couple times. Yeah. I've listened quite a few times. I I love this album one time. Just once whole thing. Yeah. So I don't, I don't want to down. Okay. No, I just wanna make sure you heard the whole album, man.


I've heard it once. Okay. I like some of it. I love some of it. I don't like some of it. Overall I think it's a really good project. Yeah. Overall this, this is a great project for me. It starts off, I like the production. I saw, I, I saw a lot of people complaining about the production, but for me this felt like Tyler stepping out of the usual beats that he usually rap on. And I Feel Go ahead. I appreciate That. I feel like it was kind of a throwback at the beginning. Like he got in his like punk odd future kind of bag with like the distorted base, you know, aggressive kinda sound. And then he got into his more Igor esque bag with the alternative r and b, Pharrell Spacey shit later.


I, I, which I loved. I enjoyed This shit. Tag, tag me in when you're ready to kill the production. I ain't killing the production. I Like the production for the most part except for the, I don there's a couple that I'll wait for y'all finish it. Yeah. There's a couple that I was like, eh, but overall I'm just speaking overall as a project end to end. Pause. Yeah. I'm was pleased with the production. I liked this. Felt like Tyler trying to step out. Yes, I agree with that. Even though he's a, I mean he's a star. So it felt like a, a more commercial step out really. Like Yeah. Even the, even the the sexy Red Gorilla Wayne record. It doesn't feel like typical Tyler. I feel like it feels like, ah, future Tyler a little bit, a little chaotic, a little punk kind of.


I'm just talking about going out collabing with these people on these, this, this type of a song. Got, it just, this is not, it felt like a commercial commercial show. It felt like Tyler trying to be Khaled. It felt to me like Tyler complaining about everything that he won on Thehy versus Khaled argument To me. This the album or just that song? No, because that there's No other, the album. The album. It sounded like him, Pharrell and Jerry Carmichael had a mushroom party. That's what the production sounded like. I Love it album for him. I understand the story, I understand the storytelling. It did sound like he was maturing. And I don't have nothing negative to say. I love who Tyler is as a person. I feel like he's becoming like the odd future version of me somehow than just like some of his takes and his stance on hip hop.


So I love that. And I feel like he's already served me with the, what was the album? Kick Capri? Fuck. Drama. Drama. Yeah. The drama album caught me for your loss. Igor. Some of the older, I like, I like my Tyler hard p pause. Like I like hard rapping. Hip hop influenced me Tyler. Once he started getting into his Jaden Smith production bag, count me out. See, I, I appreciated it. I'm just the opposite. Like I'm, I heard those records and I was like, Oh, Shit. This is something, again, I'm not flowers super, super, super versed in Tyler. Like I don't go to all of the projects or anything. But I just appreciated it was something different than the same type of, like you said, the distorted beat.


Like Yeah. It wasn't that. No, he, he tried something different and he made great concept records. And that's what I was gonna say. For me, it sounds like, and I only listen to it once, it, it sounds like it's an album. I will go back to when I'm in a, when I wanna a vibe. It's not an album. I will go back to when I wanna listen to hip hop for sure. They got some of that on there for me though. Pretty good. It's like two or three. I Really love the Hey Jane, I killed dude Judge Judy segment. That's That that run was my favorite run. Yeah. That, that Conceptual Journey. Debating abortion with his self as the girl was incredible to me. That beat on a killer. I don't know how you'd like this. It was a, it was like a four song story in there somewhere, darling. I all like all of that shit.


That sound like a drum beat that you would be into Round and round. I gotta work. I gotta eat. If they see you on top of me, I gotta leave. Which I killed you. Your natural state is threaten. But I heard to point that I pointed at myself and self-esteem. What you mean? No out this was one of the joints that I heard before the album came out. I think this was like in that teaser or something. Yeah, It Might been. Yeah. So that was, I loved that joint. I came on here and said it. I love that. But the rest of the album, I feel like he, that was some trick marketing that he did. The rest of the, I I'm not Miss me with the Pharrell, with all of the happy Pharrell shit. I'm cool.


I'm, I'm cool on that production. I enjoyed This shit. I Love it. I was sitting there with the ugly face with some of This shit. Like, God damn, you ugly anyway. Hey, somebody like it. Hey, a few people, right? No, not that I know of. Good answer. Good answer sir. No, he, he smoked that. He smoked that answer. Trip me up But. yeah. Overall I'm very pleased with the Tyler album. Me too. Very, very pleased. This might be three, four songs on here out of 14 that I'm cool on hearing. And that's a percentage I I'll live with any day. For Sure. For sure. I like the Childish Gambino guest vocals and the Daniel Caesar guest vocals. He's, I like all that shit. Yeah.


Unpopular opinion. Some of these niggas could list the features. Oh, I, I completely agree. I hate the lack of crediting. Yeah. I hate the lack of crediting. Like Travis Scott for me is probably the only one that could not list them. I don't ever wanna see no credits. Never, never. I wanna know who's, what am I hearing? I wanna know Yeah. Who, who's on this thing. Yeah. Like don't surprise me. Right. You gotta have me guessing whose voice this is. Especially As I get older and I don't know everybody voice the same way like I used to be. I need, I need names. Yeah. Yeah. But shout to Tyler. Congratulations. See, he's doing numbers. He's doing great. He has white fan base. Yeah, he does. They gonna, they gonna support. What level of superstardom does Tyler fall in in in hip hop terms?


Where do you put him? There was a gentleman from Billboard a few weeks ago to say that the new age Big three, if you're not counting the big three was Travis Future and the Ye dude, maybe I'd have to find it to say who it was. But he was being creative and figuring out who, well maybe he said Uzi Travis and the Yeep dude. I think you could put Tyler in the Uzi Travis. That realm. That realm. I think he's a, or a minus. I guess he's, he's a star. He's a star. Everyone knows his face. Everyone knows his voice. He sells records. He gets critical acclaim. He, he's all the things, But he's a tier below.


He's not Drake or Kendrick Lamar. Right. Is he the other one? Is he Future Different Bag Future's a little bit more Pop. Pop. Is he Travis? Is he the other one? He said he is Cole Drake. Yeah. is he cold? Is he Uzi? He's Ozy for sure. Uzi. Uzi. He's Uzi for sure. Although I think Uzi does sell more typically first week vibes. I can be wrong about that. He's, he's cold. Correct me if I'm wrong. I've said that before and every I got killed for it. He's who? I wasn't even gonna come do this, but y'all mentioned it. He's who people say Cole is to me Far. That's a very Different, I'm just talking in terms, especially before when Cole was doing all his own production and all of this, it was, oh this with no features.


Tyler has done that. Sure. It, it's been the things that we give Cole a credit for. Tyler has done literally all of those at at the same, or maybe if not a notch higher level. I think he's a better producer than Cole. He can't Rap better than Cole. He can't rap Better than Cole. He can't remotely rap better than Cole. Not in the same planet. But he makes better music. He makes more interesting records too. I think Tyler would be offended at us saying that they can't rap with I agree with Cole. I agree with it. Most people offended. But I do think it would be offensive to him. Yeah. Maybe He, I don't think Tyler, I don't think he feels like that at all. It is hard. He might not, but It is hard to, to to say just given the output that Cole has done just to feature run alone. He showed at every avenue that I can rap and do anything and still be good at it.


I give Tyler points that I, I can't give cold though. What Originality? Star crew. Star crew. Yeah. All, all of them as a Exact A and r. He's up There. He, he's got up there. He's got Frank Ocean in his That's already already a W. Yeah. I give him Star Crew. I also give Tyler, I saw the shift in how rap videos were directed when he hit the scene. For sure. That was that Yonkers video. 20 10, 20 11, whatever. That was the nasty shit with the road shit. Yeah. Yonkers. Yeah. Yonkers. Yeah. Once that video hit, videos changed. Yeah. I can't give that one to Cole. And even the Videos from this were incredible.


Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I can't give that one to Cole. Those are the two. I'll say wholeheartedly. I think Pure Rapp and Cole has some piece. Yeah that was my whole thing. Yeah. Album. Discography. Album. Album. I think he probably Tyler has a better discography And I give Tyler more heart than Cole. I feel like Cole agrees with a lot of the Tyler takes. Won't say but Tyler says it. Yeah. Cole won't. For sure. That's real. All of this sounds unfair to Cole because we should be talking about the Tyler project. I don't know how we got the Cole, but I give those three to Tyler and the sliders over Cole. I do. Cole gonna have to do something to fix that heart slider. I know Cole fans don't want to hear that.


But it's something that him and his think tank should be at least. Or or they just don't care about that slider. If I just keep these other ones up over here, I know I ain't gotta work on my rebounding game. I, I spoke the J in the heart of the beef. Did you speak the cold niggas care. I hear you. Rappers care. I'm a rapper so I mean I know rappers care. I hear you rappers. You can tell us they don't care. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. It's okay to say it. Listen, I know with black men, It is a thing. I don't give a fuck yo aging is no, no. Identifying the things that you do give a fuck about. Hey yo, I care about that. What you just said. So in Cole and Aging could be like, I really don't give a fuck what they think about this.


Just this part right here. Long as I take care of everything else. If that's my knock, I could live with that. If you were right. His last record don't sound like that. What last record Where he apologize. We just came out, we explained all This shit today. The the last record Instagram record. Yeah. That one. If you were correct, that record don't sound like that. That record sound like I'm talking to somebody. I care what he think. I want him to know our relationship is cool. I'm not trying to sit here and give a fuck. I'm not gonna let the fans trick me into this because they all saying the fickle ass fans out here yelling. You don't have no heart. You don't have no heart. You need to do X, Y, Z. Yeah but that's where people back, that's where people, that's what I'm saying. But that's where I wanna stay right there. That's where people sleep on the power of the fans. Because if the fans could change dude's brain that you care about, then you care.


Then you care about the fan participation in whatever y'all have going on. Maybe the the fans thinking can't change you but like me, hey I don't give a fuck what no fans say. The second that a fan say something that affect one of y'all. I'm care now I'm in. It's no different. I don't think Tyler gives a fuck about what anybody thinks. He don't. And that's One of his strengths. Yeah. He's been that from day one or Weaknessess depending on how you wanna look at it. I agree. Because I think that he's not really trying to appeal to he's doing what he feels like. Yeah. He didn't care about what him HBO producer said when he was like, stand there and let this nigga kick it to you. He farted. That's how he Responded. I nigga ordered some shrimp or broccoli then and ripped ass and walked outta he far and bounce.


That was the smoothest way to dub some gay dick coming your way. Hey yo. Lemme get a shrimp of broccoli. $2 extra shrimp Take. Take a whiff of this Sauce. Some tart sauce. Yo y'all gonna be racist. Oh my God. How can niggas not like Chinese food? Hell don understand. It is good. Good shrimp and broccoli. I know Uber the other day just appreciating all the different culture. I ordered some Thai shit. Nice. I ordered some Chinese food. Some motherfucking, what's the other shit I be order. Oh man. Thank God for the other cultures. It is just food for sure. Facts. Big facts. It's like a fat ass.


I was about to say that's some real fat man shit nigga. Yeah, but I took my Pepsi and my blood, blood, blood pressure pills and my cholesterol pills. I gotta take pills now. Like you, you still using your little birth control pill packet thing that you carry around the Monday through Friday in case your old ass forget when you gotta take your pills. So what's today? What's today Ice? Was you here? It is, It is got the birth control packet pills that his daily pills is in. But he left it here so he wasn't taking a daily pill. I got two of 'em. I got one of But Smoss anyway For black seed oil, Weapon pills, Yeah Man little Tote garlic pills. Did anything else happen to music that needs our attention? I wanna say Slut Styler again, but in close it.


I love the Monday drop. I love everything about this project And a surprise drop for me. The Eastsiders, which is a tra D and Goldie loe. That Album's tough. Wow. Or ep, I guess. Ep. Yeah. It is good. Yeah. Yeah. Oh that's what's up. Yeah, I'll check it out. It's their first project since 2001 I wanna say. Wow. Oh that's what's up man. It is I, I like Hey Snoop, I see what you're doing over there with Death row. Yeah, I see it. Yep. And I'm not mad at it all. We done got a dog pound album. Yep. We got a East Siders album putting my People on. I respect him and Dre got the, the missionary album coming pause applicable. I'm just gonna pause it. It is a lot of old heads putting out good music now. Yeah. And and for a while when the old head put out that record it was gonna be trash.


Now I actually think it's 50 50 because we old heads. And that might, that might just be what It is. That's why that might be what It is because the kids are gonna call This Shit trash. I want some old head music. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like I hated the era when all our favorite artists Stop making music. Yeah. They just gotta update. Like for me it's like the balance though between still sounding like the people we wanted to hear but making new music. Like new types of music. I'll give you an example. Like Rakim, Rakim made a seven album. Was it like a EP or something? Like maybe like what, six months ago? Yeah. And I was, that Was him showcasing himself more as producer. As a producer. Producer. Yeah. Yeah. But it didn't sound like 2024 production. If you showcasing yourself as a producer then the production shouldn't sound like it could have been on.


Yeah. But it sounds the 18th letter, It sounds, it sounds like the sub genre of kind of underground rap. Yeah. In 2024 It just, it didn't sound fresh I guess it just didn't sound fresh to me. And the raps to me felt still more, I, I had le more lesser issue with the production and more with the raps. Okay. But then when I, when I see like comment in in P Rock. P Rock. Yeah. Or obviously Nas is doing something all the time. Yeah. Killer Mike still putting out music. You, he is a little bit younger than, you know what I mean? I'm, I'm excited about all these young, all these young guys making really, really good music. So P Rock, you still owe me an apology nigga? I ain't forget that's it for what? Some shit he said Got it.


Okay. Also friend, friend of the show Har show Harington Lloyd Banks announced his Halloween. Halloween havoc. Father is coming out ready for that. I love a good seasonal album. Let's go. And I'm here to tell y'all it's in my phone. It's in Monto, it's in my phone. It talk. My nigga sent me a text early in. I Love it Lloyd Banks. I love the old niggas that wake up early in the morning. Now you get a text from Wale somebody 7:00 AM These rappers heads be fucked up. Yeah. Banks sent me some shit. I'm very excited about it. I love a good series and I love some old nigga rap for me. Like from people that appreciate rap.


So it's joints on there. You can't play nothing yet. But it's joints on there. I I got, I got one I wanna play bad. Same bad but I respect them. Nah, you mentioned that the old head rap niggas texting early. These niggas texting about video games at seven in the morning. Oh they won't. They won't text me yo. What's up with D? You wanna jump on 2K? No nigga, I have girls that like me. Nah, I know I'm offending the gamers. Yeah, yeah. Don't offend us. Some of us jump on the 2K at seven in the morning. No, well not seven in the morning. A little later on in the day. I think there should be a study to show nigga need to go jump on something else. The gamer dudes don't get like a whole lot of fuck like today.


Yeah. Oh okay. I would just like to study to show. I understand. That's all I get you. When do you have the time? You know the women are gamers too now. Some fire now. There are some fire ones. Some fire. Get clear what you're talking about. Some fire ones. Shout to the nerdy girls. You ever try to fuck one of 'em? I did a good one too in DC. She was good. My girl listening. I'm joking 'cause I argued that I wasn't trying to Fuck that girl. Why the fuck would you say because just an argument's sake here. Have you ever had dialogue with one of the gamer girls that was like away from gaming? Yeah I was in there confiding in the gamer bitch.


Yeah. man. My dad just had surgery, had cancer. It ain't work. Had to get the shit out. Your little trauma don't work over here big dog. You gotta get a different bag. Yo. Your trauma bond ain't broke up But you wanna talk about NMA right? Yeah. That strip club they mind. They mine somewhere else nigga. Well one ego man look, trauma bond is not my bag anymore. You guys hit the update on our relationship and please stop talking about 2010 Joe button one and two. Don't you know this bitch had me on the fucking game of forums telling my dad's health business. Bitch had the headphones on. Shit. The little nerdy geek nigga starts talking. Your dad about to die.


Oh Shit, Oh Shit. She was on the shit and she would have to game her headphones on. Oh my God. And I'm on the live on and my dad man It is health, yada yada yada. Holy shit she did on purpose. That's one of them things where when your girl find out about it, boy did she have a blast with that one. You dumb ass bitch ass dumb thirsty as you don't even know who you talking to. You thirsty. Thirsty. Oh. Shit bucket nigga. Yeah, that shit do something to my soul. When she called me thirsty and have a point like I was thirsty. That was crazy on the gamer for him. I ain't spoke to that girl since she was fired though. You know exactly who It is.


Right. Exactly. You still follow? Yeah, he might. No I that's it. I know who I'm talking to. Probably. I don't know what that Portuguese woman thinking. I know who I'm talking to. She know who I am nigga. Mm. Yo do y'all partners know who y'all are? My girl knows who's honest. Honestly. I hate to partner us out. No, but yes, my girl knows who I'm like for real. The real you. We have talks. Yes. The real you. She knows. She knows the real you. She knows y'all. Yeah. Like seriously not lying 'cause we partner. No, no, no. The real Do you like y'all like that? Yes. I like it. Yeah. Necessary. It's necessary. I Love it for op to be totally honest. To have. I don't like it to have good Hey flip.


Fuck you talking about? I hate that shit. Shit. I hate that shit. Nah, hate shit. That shit makes it easier. No shit. Depends. Not really. I don't like it. No nigga, you niggas is just content with what you know and comfortable with how life is going, which is great. But you been in a relationship for mad long. Yes. Like you've been in a relationship since I was young. So So that means that in life I'm growing, I'm grow every day. So like when somebody, if when you with new money, with new lifestyle, you grow. So how? But when somebody knows the core of you, they could, I don't want nobody just know, read through all my bullshit. I don't. I wanna get some bullshit off.


I'm gonna say this right. God forbid you and your wife ever break up. We are not putting that on the universe. But if you met somebody new, you would be a whole different person than how you end into, into that relationship of like you might be way more open. You might be way more because again now you are adult. So the stuff that your wife had to get used to. Right. Listen, listen, lemme just say this. It feels good to know that somebody's there with you or was there with you when you had nothing. Nothing. So we can't, I'm not saying that, but when you not, but period. When you grow, when you grow and there's somebody that can remind you of your humble beginnings or where you came from.


Sometimes I don't want to hear that shit, but sometimes we need to hear that shit. But nigga need and one or two different things. I need to hear it but I don't want to hear. Yeah. He tells you all the time But. yeah. I don't want to need and more You. right. We need to hear it to keep us levelheaded and keep us humbled. I don't, I don't want to hear that shit. And she be right. Shit. Don't be wrong yo nigga. Hey yo, you had nothing nigga. I was dead. Ain't on top that. Don't forget this. She got the precise date. I have to go research. Oh damn. She's correct. I don't want to hear that shit. I'm up nigga. My life is good don. That old school shit we was laying on couches on the floor. Nigga, who the fuck would they hear that? But it's true. So that nigga be front. Hold on Joe. Gimme a second. Somebody, somebody loves you. That's a good record.


Yeah. You right? Nah match. What you, you played the right record. I saying like the match what was going on we got But that's what I'm talking about, bro. That's, that's it. You know what It is like. I get it. It's uncomfortable when they call you on your shit. And believe me, I had my shit too. Just not in this relationship nigga. You play 'cause you play your cards right. I watch you. What? What was some of your shit? I just, I You play your cards right? You play your cards right. This is what I, you let her lead, you let her run every day. Hey GI don't let her run every day. What? You see this, you, you say this for through two. You met my wife for two minutes, nigga, I didn't watch your moves. What, what was my moves? Go ahead, move that fridge out your homeboy. Move that fridge out my office please. I should made my wife move the, I should made my wife. I should made my wife move the fridge. See now you throw, now you throwing man shit. No, but she, because you remember, Hey, your homeboy a yo wear that mask when y'all walk in here.


And on top of that, don't talk too loud. All yeah. All right. Yeah. I didn't make a lift of refrigerator and I didn't give her covid. Yeah, that's yeah. What that called. No, no, no. So I'm 45. My twenties and thirties was filled with reckless shit. Fordham. Yeah. Like spending 10,000 in strip clubs, like educated ham wasn't that educated. I was probably the same place that y'all was with the same people. Oh. So do you think we stupid That is the truth comes That was fucked up. That's cool. I wasn't educated. I was with y'all. No, I'm just saying like, I, I wasn't at the, the book club and shit, you know what I'm saying? But as I got older, I just didn't wanna do that anymore.


So in this relationship, true. I, it's not that I had to become somebody new for my wife and we've known each other for a long time and she watched me grow. You know, we grew together in certain way. So she knows me front to back. But I also am different in this situation. You know what I mean. That's what experience. Right. Like, you know. Yeah. And I made it and I'm tired. I was tired of This shit. But when I stopped doing all the wild shit, I didn't ha I didn't need somebody to make me have to do the wash. Like my, if my wife pick my, my wife got my password. I know. And all shit. I could imagine. Yeah. But I, I got no shav in that. 'cause there's nothing in here that I ain't got shit to worry about. And there's something that feels good about not having shit to worry about. Yeah. Yo, I'm gonna keep it real. You preached that same shit to me when I met You. right. That could make it true. And it's true. And not believe you. But nigga I'm not on the same wavelength wave.


We not on the same wave. But what I'm saying is salute. Salute nigga, you. Yes, yes. Nigga. Yeah. I'm not saying like I'm vulnerable. Shit. Hit my, hit my password. Yeah. Go through. There's nothing to hide and nigga, but you might feel different in 10 years is all I'm saying. I, I feel different now. I feel different now. I feel different now. Because you all gonna feel different every day when you around people that's setting good examples. You gonna feel different and you gonna look within yourself like, damn, at the same time, I'm loyal to the soil nigga. I'm loyal to the content. I'm loyal to what I'm trying to produce. So that's where the line becomes blurry because if she was with it before and then now other people are seeing it and questioning it like, oh you on this big shit and you this nigga, now she has to revisit or just see like, let me look at this a little bit more.


I don't like that. But, but that's something I don't want. Yeah. But that's, that's, and Joe understands better than me 'cause he's a lot more known than me. But like, when you're in a relationship where the world knows who you are. True. It, it completely changes how the relationship works. So like I was talking, I was saying earlier like, I'm watching Alicia Keys on the Grammys at 25 or whatever and on Rock. No I wasn't. I didn't even get that far. Yeah. You know that nigga listening, she killed the bob. You know that nigga listening we talking about before them? Yeah. This, this is decades ago. Right. But the point is gonna text Joe. Yo. Yo, I tell that nigga. So I heard that's what you said. Yeah. Shout out to Swizz. Love you brother.


It's It is not, it's different when you're just watching on tv, but now you are in those places where you could see those people. No, I get it. I get so, so now when your wife sees you talking about how find somebody who's on this show knowing that you might bump into them. It is a game. No, I'm, I'm with that. That shit changes everything. But a lot of times you don't realize that till you in that mix. The level of just in closing for me and the level, you know, the flip side, the process of changing in real time, nigga It is just not easy. Nigga. Yeah. Nigga. Act like you could just wake up and change. I'm changing in real time. These things happen in real time. So you have to, I have to adjust, but I don't like it. I'm not gonna be like y'all niggas to sound cool for the internet. I don't like that shit. I don't, I gotta change. I don't like that somebody know me from back in the days. I don't like that. I Love it, but I don't like it.


There's real, I Love it 'cause I accept it and, and I'm grateful for it, but I don't like it. I'm like, damn, I can't front, I can't go outside and stunt nigga like, yo nigga, where you got that from? I can't stunt. Right? Because you're not tired yet. That's saying I guess about the 70,000 I got with you, like, nigga, you bought two watches, nigga and you and you bought that bullshit ass car, nigga I look stupid. Shit. She, you know, mad shit about me. I feel that she just, she hold it down. Look, It is with great sadness. Yes. And extreme disappointment that I report this next story, which is rest in peace DJ Clark Kent.


This pains me deeply as I'm sure it does many of you guys out there. We have lost a core member. A core member of not only New York hip hop, but hip hop as a whole dj, producer, a and r Sneakerhead, just confidant to so many of us man. So many of us. But we've, we've our good brother, Clark Kent's long lasting battle with colon cancer.


It was colon cancer, right? Has, has, has come to an end and, and he has gone home. Prayer starts and condolences to his family, friends and fans all over the world. Anybody who has a heavy heart out there, just as a hip hop head, just as a hip hop head man. I feel like with the loss of Clark, Mr. C, may he rest in peace. Totally unrelated. I was in the strip club the other night having a blast and he got into his beat king set. And I forgot we lost beat King. Yeah. Like we just keep losing people, people that meant a lot to me.


People that I love dearly Clark has been gone, gone with this battle for a little while. And, and some people knew behind the scenes that did not lessen the effect that it had once that news was delivered. So Clark Kent, I love you. I cannot Thank you enough for what you did for hip hop, for culture, for music enthusiasts, and for a young aspiring rapper like me. Like that. That's like, it's just a few of those figures out there. And Clark Kent was one of them. If you haven't had the pleasure of meeting him, I can't begin to describe his importance to you.


It's almost a travesty that we have spoken about so many other hip hop related stories. IE this puff Diddy, Dirk, all of this bullshit. And we don't stop to celebrate the people who like talk about keeping it Brooklyn. Like I, I know that that's just a phrase and you gotta know it to know it. But Clark kept it Brooklyn, man, that nigga kept it tall. He kept it thorough. Just the living embodiment of integral Clark. This loss as You already know, affects me deeply, pains me to have to even share this news.


And I miss you and I love you. And and that's what I have. That's what I have for DJ Clark. Hint, Legend, rest in peace. Rest in peace. Rest. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. Okay. Yep. Go Ahead. Go ahead. Yeah, yeah. Cue it up. Sure. Cue it up. Yeah. It's not right.


Okay. I Reloaded. I pain in the ass. Relax Nigga. The number one question nigga Also, not just Clark man, my, my heart. My heart goes out to anybody out there that's fighting a silent health battle. Word. Word, word, word. That's true. I think there's many, I think there's many of y'all that we don't know. That we don't acknowledge.


And that has to be difficult. I know Solange recently came out with something that she's been battling silently, giving strength and support to all the people who may be battling something on their own. I totally understand the rationale behind not wanting to be dictated by your health conditions. I get it. And not wanting people's treatment of you to change or differ. So shut out to anybody out there that's just having their own private silent battle with something health related. I love you and my prayers go out to you as well now Nigga.


Yeah. Yeah. Yo, the style in the cap sweater number one question is D, game against nigga Pillow to your face. Shoot your daughter in the calf muscle. Fuck a tussle. Nigga played it. Sprinkle coke on the floor. Make it later. Y'all punk run up scared. So s go Y squeezed off on him. Clark We on what's your name? Who shot your per do I ain't paid them trying to push 700 Ain made them yet.


And bracelets nigga Is about to get mad enough of that. Jay-Z is about to get mad right there. Jay-Z was about to take his tempered ass somewhere else. No he wasn't that that, that's that. That's where big take off on it. That's right where Big take off on it. Brooklyn, all this is cool. Crazy. Think a little fuck three wishes.


Blame my road to Riches from 62. I'm sorry. Chop at He ain. Up up now. Nice guy. Up now back with the pistols. Blazing hot like Cage. Need a big holding work at the days end with New York place outside. Get him outta there. Fuck it. Ride. Keep your hands high. Shit gets steep. Here comes the leave the keys to your s right. Chill homie. The Bitch in the Stoney told me Yo holding more so me before I blaze the place to hit six shots just in case. Yeah. I don know. Yeah.


I Listening to that again, I don't Know, I don't think that rest in peace JI don't think hold clean big on that. Yeah, I don't kill hold that I used to say, I don't hear that as that wasn't enough. I think he left and had a long talk with Dame that day and then went on to be the better greatest rapper ever, ever alive. But, and shout to Clint Clark. Clark Kent for his description of the difference between Big and Ho and there's nobody more, more qualified, credited and qualified to do that. He says that Hove is the by far superior mc for sure. And that big was by far the superior rapper as in big could take a line that just wasn't the greatest line at all and have the whole world think that it was the flyest shit in the world versus Hove just being lyrically leaps and bounds better than everybody.


I'm I'm nobody to challenge Clark on that word. So shout out to him. The rest is just conversation. Fought about that. Watched him on the next one though. No big took off on the next one. No, no. I'm talking about the next song Love it Dough. I'm talking about the, the next time they appear together. Who it was Lavu. I don't wanna talk about that. Love, love the dough. Yeah, I don't wanna talk about song. That's what I was trying. It was Love, it was Levels definitely came back. Let me go to Big verse. It was levels I think I agree with y'all but let me just check. Let me just check. I think I agree. Just be sure I agree with y'all but let me Check one. We know the whole popping Magnums chicken bag so Exactly.


Nevermind. Yeah that's Brooklyn. Find his get back. Yeah. Yeah that's what I'm saying. IO learned his lesson. They rap, they wrapped together again. Nah, just them two. Just them two. Just them two tracks. That was Brooklyn. Find his get back. That's what I'm saying. He can't came back. I hate, I don't like that Biggie performing. I probably Man Magnum take a bag, something. Get off his dick. That's what I'm saying. Hope went crazy on love though. Alright, what else is in music? Anything else? Music related? Meg announced that she has clap. come on. come on. All right. Can we hear the announcement first? I'm excited about it. It's an, it's a documentary she has that's premiering on Prime video.


What? Yo, I have Prime. I'm checking this out. This is exactly why I have Prime right here. come on. Fucking I hate this nigga's the worst. I'm checking this out so I know you watching this. come on now. What the fuck is wrong with this nigga? Yeah, he's the worst. He got that Bernie Sanders shit on. That's why you getting crazy. Stop man. Bernie Sanders. That's the Bernie Sanders Balenciaga joint. Oh It is? Yeah That is the Bernie logo. Yeah. Yeah. It is okay. Oh, I'll take it. I'll fuck with Bernie. What you here? Her doc is October 31st. She said to this day people tries to write their, write her story rewrite history and spread misinformation.


So she's giving you everything Now she's gonna tell it herself for her horse's mouth. We It is good. We heard it the horse mouth. What you did there. come on, come on. Wow. Wrap brain. Boy we heard it already stall. You think she would tell us something different? Ice me Meg about to make $10 million off this. Do shout to shout to her. Shout to me. She deserve it. Meg, Desiree, somebody, she deserve it. Yeah. Yeah. There's a whole industry making money off that trial, off everything that happened. She should be a part of that conversation too. And she deserves to have a voice heard whether we agree or disagree, we should listen to her. Damn. Let her DoAll ain't gonna lie. Your Cape went all the way back here. That shit is nigga without you girl.


My life is like, what the fuck nigga? What? Because I said Megan should be able to tell her story. Oh, you say about Tory nigga he just, he should be able to tell her story too. Okay. All he doing that right now speaking of he got 15 minutes. Speaking of that, no, speaking of he just bought charges or Yes. Against his counsel because come to find out his counsel had already had prior engagements with the Roc Nation people. So it's a conflict of interest in his words. We, we got, we gotta find out what's true about that. You know, the what the, the standard is for a conflict. 'cause sometimes you wanna have interactions with people. It doesn't necessarily meet the legal standard. But if It is, he should be able to get whatever he deserves. I don't want anybody to get an unfair trial. Even though I think he's guilty.


I want him to get a fair trial. I want him to have a fair process. Everybody deserves a fair process. No, I agree with that. Yeah. You heard Chick say five and four. That was my next question. Have you heard Chick Tape? Four? This is Tory Lane's mix tape series. Nah. don, don Fuck to hold, play, play Playboy. Nah. Listen Very alone. That prom. Oh yeah. That's another one. You know what I my for the night, that'd be my for the night. Here's what I'll tell you. The bulk of rap I like, I like his music. I feel like I'm missing the joke. But, but I, I say this, he could rap. I think he's skilled. I just, I'm just not interested. Okay. Got it and after everything happened I just, I I decided not to, not to support that.


Mm. That's all I think that Meg deserves to have her voice heard. She doesn't need be silenced one and, and contrary to what they might think out there, I do think Tori needs to take a page out of the good old so surf handbook, which is when you go to jail, nigga just do the time and shut the fuck up. We ain't heard a peep outta Surf Mama Surf. I got that video coming your way. Love you. When all sir all surf do is go and then just go sit down and do the time saying fuck we can see your all my can you my nigga, your head, your hand fix and then go sit down and do his time.


Blank man, keep it flat like this. Tory go to jail and every other month got a fucking story. A single going on nigga you ain't got but four more years. Not even. It's a long ass time though. Are you crazy? What he don't got? Nah, He ain't doing, he Tory won't be in jail another four years and he get the, he get the and and they may deport him. Oh. They stopped making Pro Tools over there. No But. yeah. He ain't gotta be in the United States. Yeah, that, that don't mean nothing to make no money. He ain won't be in America. Yo. You America got him in the jail. All he Got it is just for more nigga talk about niggas talk about Tom like his minutes. Yeah. Yo nigga just, just long fucking time quick. Yeah. Little eight. I talk about time, like the people that break the laws should be concerned about how much time certain acts give you.


I speak about time like somebody that moves in a manner to which I don't want to do a day. That's how I speak. You know, I'm with you about it, you know, I'm with you there. I'm just saying people be talking about dumb dumb was about like shoot each other then cue up boys to men. It is so hard to say goodbye to yesterday. The end of the world. Be down there. Yeah. I'll be down there if my security is in the car and I'm Chilling and they, oh my god, bitch, I can't believe that. I go, I'll be a waffle house. I'll be back at the end of this kerfuffle. That's all I'm saying. But. yeah, Tori Enough. And this new reasoning of the show that's titled Reasonable Doubt.


Doubt got the girl that has ties to, they said it's loosely based on her that I don't give a fuck what they say. That ain't flying in front of a judge. You got your mind and you just try. He tried it last year. No, you got your mind. He made the same claim last year. And this is per the, and this is per the attorney that he's speaking about his attorney. That I agree. She got off that case like three days before or something like that. That jammed him up a little bit. But you still had the chance to go and fight your trial. So Yes. Do I believe certain shit is connected? Yes. On the flip side, do I think you have a hard time getting a judge to release you based off that? Yeah, I do. I don't, I don't see it. Yeah, he ain't getting it. I don't, he he asked for a release.


I know he asked for a refund. See going new trial? Yeah, he he on new trial. Yeah. I ain't mad. I don't, I'm not mad. Yeah. You out your mind. You keep asking you talking about your don't sit still. You crazy nigga. Anything that could get me back 18 months, two days, six days. Yeah. I'm going for, I ain't mad at him for that. There's plenty of programs now that don't nobody wanna poke the garbage around the park. I want to come home. No, I'm talking about the good, all of the good behavioral programs that exist quick. He been talking about all of the good behavioral programs that exist in jail to shorten your sentence. I know there's plenty of shit things that he can do today. I don't think he sees another four years in jail.


If nothing happened. He don't see another four years in jail. What you think he gonna do? How much? He only been locked up a year. Yeah, that's what I was about to say. He gonna do like three of that more than year. Because you don't get, so you gonna do the the, you gotta show me that. I think he's been locked up year. What was his sentence? He's been more than a year. What was his 10? 10 but like four to 10. Oh, 10. 10 flat. 10. Oh. Why you think he getting on four? You do a certain amount of percentage of your time. He doing state time though. He not doing fed time. Yeah. Flat. You get out in four years. 3, 3, 4 years. I don't think he's sniffing anywhere close to the 10 is what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Nowhere near it. Let me see what the sentence is. Yeah. Go go through you a little Harvard shit nigga. He was to instant 10 years in prison in August of 2023.


But he's been, was he on bail? Oh yeah. 'cause he was out so yeah it was there. August. Chicks tape six chicks, tape Six, Playboy two. There we go. He was sentenced. Oh he was sentenced to 10 years without the possibility of parole. That's what I thought. He's gonna do 10. Never. Okay. Never. If that's his sentence. I ain't know he was no parole. It is without the, that's what I thought. That's like I know y'all getting four from, he didn't get a, if you get a five to 10, you get out in five. Bet me. Sure. That sound like you beating me in 1 0 1. Man, notorious. I got more confidence in there. You wearing the sweater to park? No. Tell me what your park gear like headband, knee pads, elbow pads, shooting sleeve leg brace.


You old niggas. I had G pads strip shoes. I'm telling you this dope shoes. I these wear shrimp shoes. Back in the day that nigga said I couldn't afford This shit. I had jump sos the to the park when I was 13 for sure. Yeah I used to do that. You strip shoes? Yeah, I had jump sos nigga. Oh, you niggas were spoiled? Yeah, the jump. So that was like the Jones of people that couldn't afford shrimp shoes. Yeah, but I, I mean it worked. Shit was two on off. Not The's. Why I got the jump sos. My mother said you, I kick you in the strength out. Get the fuck outta here. Jump Souls is 50. Here's a hypothetical and just entertain me for a second. If I dunk on you then, then I will give you my salary for a year. Which salary from what? Anyone? You want dead ass pick one Anyone.


You pardon? Yeah, he partner. Chill. Don't do that or my children. You will not dunk on me. Mark. You got a family that loves you and so do you. And if you try to dunk on me, you gonna hurt me. You gonna, you gonna be short to work moving in the chair with you. Why nigga that's told you you think I'm gonna let you dunk on me in front of cameras But if I tried it, if I tried it, you would hurt me. Yes. You know how fucking disrespectful It is to try to dunk with a nigga. The fuck wrong with you? Yes. Yeah. I will hurt you nigga. I'm telling you. right. The Fuck that nigga you gonna try to y if you try, first of all it ain't gonna happen but like come on man. If you tried to fucking dunk on me, legs coming. Right B. Right. First of all, you're not that athletic.


This nigga, that nigga dunk on you son. That's it. It is over. I won't come back to the show. Yes. Fuck I'll fuck Joe button up if he tries duck. No mistake about shit. Yo. That's funny. All right. Holy shit. They get up like yo, yo. Yeah I know that foul on me. I know he from checkup, checkup the ball up top. But do you see how he's even created his narrative that he has? He wants the audience to believe that he has the capacity to dunk on somebody in 2024. You gonna dunk on me off the Burt or you gonna come from the the foul line yo nigga, I just saw you open that bottle doing that fake dribble shit.


Yo, that nigga swimming, that nigga's doing a brush stroke. Right. That's the fuck you can't dunk on nobody. So my algorithms got the algorithm in and showed me some white boys playing basement ball. It was a low rim. Okay. In a basement with just gym mats. Yo. When I tell you all of them was Sean camp fucking each other up. Yo. Every day dunking on each other. They was. I was like yo, this is aggressive right up your alley but not a bad idea.


I've been trying to get, then I seen Rim, the eight foot rim shit going then I seen black people doing the trampoline shit. Yeah. I don't like them shit. I hate them shits. Yeah, I don't fuck with them. But if you put us on eight foot court, you eight foot rims nigga that's it. But then eight foot quarter dunk. I don't think I could dunk on you on a 10 foot rim today. Fuck you can't dunk on a, I don't think you can grab the rim. I don't think you can dunk on a 10 foot court without a basketball. Stop there. That's what I'm trying to tell You. right Mark, stop it. Yo. What? Go in the park everybody. This is crazy. That is not crazy. Two weeks bro. That's enough nigga. Two weeks, weeks you take, you can't grab the rim. Talking about about I don't think right now. Right now. Cigarettes, alcohol, blood pressure pills. Something in here.


This nigga. Why? What you about to jump, jump in the mules. The ceiling is nine. Yo. Can I see you touch the ceiling? The ceiling is nine. It is too much tall. Can I see you just we Oh Shit. Oh he got your flat hand on the seal flat hand. That nigga talk quick, flat hand. I'm old enough to know I need to stretch before I do any athletic activity. Yo, you can touch the seal on your flat hand. He should. He's fucking seven feet tall. Why you keep saying it like he's tall? Why you won't it's room to stretch. Get up nigga. I stretch for 30 minutes. I'm an athlete. I stretched for 30 minutes. Oh this nigga took off his, he took off his jacket. You letting these niggas talk a little crazy. Nigga show it's a lot of talk. No show show nigga. Nigga It is a get a, we can go to the court right now.


It is a ceiling. Right. It ain't no fucking court. I didn't say let's have a contest nigga. Play basketball. Act like the sealer. Say call lay black. Put your ball, put your ball right into the ceiling. Yo. Act like yo, the sealer said call lay black yo. I'm smack This shit outta the ceiling right now. All that raping Joe ain't touch shit. Dude, I I was gonna point that out. I'm not gonna do it if you're not gonna do it. Nick. If you not gonna try in your Easter, Easter sweater, I ain't gonna try it nigga. My but in the second you say I'm down, I'm gonna do this in two seconds. This is nothing to me. That should be and I can do it too. It's not that I can't, I don't think you can Mom, you can't. I don't think you can. I don't think you can. Mel ain't here. Let's see where niggas really fall in the half.


Athletic. That shit high. Shit hot. What I'm saying ain't you up? Lemme see. I could do that off the vert. That shit high. I could put my palm on this ceiling off the nigga about to go through this table. Yo do it. If It is easy to do it, it was easy. That's nine feet right? Probably so. I don't know if it's nine. No it's not nine. It's probably 10. It might be tired. It might. That's higher. 10. That's 10. Oh Shit. This is alright. I'm putting my ego away. Put your ego away. I'm put my ego away. Cody got know Kobe like this competition shit. Yeah. Oh, Shit, Oh, Shit.


See his, I'm Done. If he was down to do that, I'd smoke him real quick. Yo up nigga and ain't a leaping contest. Although I jump behind you. I'm telling you. Oh then show me. I'm gonna show you on the court. We just gonna play and I'm gonna win. That's the bet. That's that's the contest. Can you beat your Basketball? So you backing out the, you backing out the basketball game? Yeah, that's what he doing right now. Never, never, never, never, never. All never. I'm ready to go. What's the official measurement? E This shit ain't straight. Almost set. Yeah. Say that's like 10 feet Almost 10 feet. He might even can't clap bored. Oh. Shit. Wow. Yo You think it be disrespectful. I'm gonna put my ego away for a second. Can't be. This is my problem with y'all. These new kids, this generation I I saw on me real quick with Halloween coming up, I figured out what my problem was first of all.


Before I get to that, can we slam? Can we just totally trash your good Platonic homegirl That is being cool with your girl and like trying to like invite her to all of this bullshit. Fucking worse. Like what the fuck? I'm in the strip club. Here come Maddy, you coming? Hey here come Maddy. Hey wanna go to a haunted house tomorrow? Said that amongst a whole bunch of girls. Here go all little girls. Ooh, haunted house. Haunted out. Haunted house. I'm in my head thinking man I do love a good haunted house. Here go Maddy. Yeah, girls trip. Girls. Girls Only.


Then she tried to flip it on me. She said what? She can't go with just the girls? No, never. No, never can she just go with the girls. So I said I was gonna come ask the pod. What y'all think when y'all hear the term with the girls? Insert any activity. Anything you want is the whole girls the ho going too. They part of the girls. I say which girls? Because that's like when you go to jail and become a better criminal. I'm saying Oh. Shit. That's hilarious. Yo, I'm not gonna use this segment to kick women's back in.


What I will do is say you pussy ass, whatever this generation babies is called have ruined haunted houses. Fa haunted houses fabric. Bring back the haunted houses where somebody died. Yeah. No for real. Bring back the haunted house. Where in the it come with a trailer and the trailer says in 1913, these six white boys came in here. Yo five of 'em killed they selves. Wait, bring back to haunted house where we had to sign a release. Yes, Os was the one. Yes. I've been to a few. The big one in Pennsylvania back in the day where Brandon came back and said, yo, I seen Ghost in there for real.


I was like, all right nigga you tripping. There was another one in Long Island with Huntsville. Amityville, Amityville. One of them shits the haunted houses today. You go in there, them niggas called their friends with some goblin masks to jump out at every turn, jump and say ah, bang on bang on the shit. And and it's all about capitalism now. So darn Als today gonna take you in there for 90 seconds. Walk you out. Alright, bye. Enjoy your day. Bring back This shit. The the white boy shits where you drive two hours to South Jersey. Yeah and and It is a whole compound. A plant a plantation. It is a compound of shit. You could really die out here. No, they got the shit. They hired some niggas who should not, they didn't take an application.


They didn't check the resume. Some of them niggas is really there to stab some of the people here. They didn't wanna threw This shit off. Yeah I went with one of 'em shit to my girl. One of 'em here like six, seven years ago. Them niggas was getting close. Like they really wanted to strangle me. I'm looking for that. Not this little fake punk nigga haunted out shit that y'all got going on. All of the Christopher Street niggas is practicing Michael Jackson thriller all week, all week. Every year they want to. Yo yo, where can I go for a thrill? What's wrong with you y'all? Where can I go to live on the edge a little bit is all I'm asking. They used to go to This shit out in pa. That shit was in the middle of a cornfield.


That's the one. Yeah you used to drop and it was literally that's the one you don't, ain't no lights in. You Oh, Shit, We are here. It is just a big ass cornfield and yeah they was on your influencer Haunted houses now. Nah, they horrible. Yeah, the influencer heart haunted house. That's That's where we, that's where we're at. Oh that's, I wonder the one in Connecticut, one you clan member met me at the say hey fill your name in Ray here. Make sure you check this little box. Are you black? I was like, I don't know about this but I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna check it out and sign this one here that say we not liable for anything that happens to you. Oh. yeah you inside. Yeah. One day We gonna talk about how fast we are to sign that one. The one that says hey when you die here we are not liable for none of that shit.


You talking about all us niggas that went skydiving understand it. I was watching y'all when y'all filled out page four on the iPad when we went skydiving that page four or five. Hey if the latch break and you hamburger helper on the cement, you and your family for the next forever, generations can't do nothing. Okay. Sign it right there and jump out of a plane. Yep. We got a bow ourselves man. That's the end my rant. And then the niggas will be the one to complain about it afterwards though. When something happen. Mm yo they ain't do nothing. That nigga you signed it. That's the end of my rant.


Bring back real nigga haunted houses and let me know where they at. I'll pull up. I'm pulling up. Can't do that shit no more. What is everybody's Halloween plans here? Trick-or-treating with the kids haunted houses. So you are letting your kids eat candy for strangers? Yes. Okay. Yep. You nigga. You know I don't fuck with no Halloween. What's your problem? Just trying to get to know you better man. That's all. I'm trying to ask it away man. That's what We talk about. I'm gonna haunted houses plural. Yeah. Going to Queens going one to Queens. Yeah, I'm a filming. Those are seasonal jobs. Yeah I'm gonna film it and then I'm going to the other one.


That's cool. I know, I know. That's cool. That's cool. That's cool nigga trying to go get a gig nigga. Hey that's seasonal buddy. I come on back home, come on back home. I'm gonna take it full time soon nigga. Yeah you talking about nigga, wow you want build on it out? Hey this winter you, you wanna see around your TV screen nigga mad as shit. I This shit. No I don't want no beef. Beef. I love you. I came, It is not no beef. I came here press you today. Yes. It is ain't not no beef. What's beef about? Can I ask? No, no here we go. No, no, no, no, no. This nigga, he trying to get to know y'all better Joe. Joe just means we don't really have a beef.


We don't have no beef. Yeah he is just a fan of wrestling so he gonna be the heel at all times. Ah. It's not a real beef. True. He just gonna always be the But I told, I told this nigga, I told, you know improper improv start tomorrow. I try to, I told the nigga yo I gotta go prepare for improper improv niggas. I don't care about that threat. Yeah. He said I don't care about that. Yeah I don't care about that. I don't give Fuck that. I still You do. Yeah. Nah, you gonna kill that shit. Nah, you right. Nah, I'm not doing it nigga. Fuck you nigga. I ain't gonna do it but still see I'm gonna do it but chill man. Do you feel any pressure from dropping so close to Mel's Newport? I don't feel any pressure at all.


I'm, I'm supporting Mel too. I'm gonna promote her on show. Me too. Shout to Mel. Yeah, shout to to bothered. you know what I mean? Heart ball support. Shout episode one this week. Improper improv episode one tomorrow. Now both of y'all gonna kill it man. Yeah, I think so. Don't kill it too much. Just come on. I can't, I can't wait till they till I want, I wanna slaughter it. Nigga you ain't got no choice. You got no choice my man. I love you. I love you. I love you too man. We here to work. Anything else super important. Nigga said I work at Macy's. You'd be a great Santa Claus. I was going the today racist.


come on. I no but no one's funny. Every haunted house I've been to recently got the little short, fat, funny looking, quirky nigga to come out and say all the guys over here fell out the forms. Yo. Hey all of the nigga that dead fly nigga. That's part of a program nigga to bring certain people to you be like, yo, that niggas is a little, you can't say that. They got a little quirky from life goes on going on. That's part of a program to involve everyone and give them a job. He never fucked Winnie. Right. That's, I hate that. I I think he did quirky. Yeah Kevin not quirky. I'm think about one years you mix two. Don't think about Quirky's the one that I didn't mean to button down the ner.


Yeah. I'm thinking about one years. I think Kevin fucked, het fuck up. He ain't fucked. Nobody win. He fucked. Winning the bond got they got, he fucked. Winning in the bond. Hey 10. I want to hear that in the timestamp gang figures out if Kevin from one of years ever fuck Winnie. Alright, what else? What else? What else? I got my hornet house rant out of the way. Let me see if I got anything else. McDonald's yada. Alright. Internet. Internet. I got another rant for you guys. One of these clippers out there have put out the clip of me speaking when J Cole featured with Dirk and did that whole holy healthy shit.


And I was like I don't want to hear none of that shit with this health, health. Get j Cole away from Dirk so Dirk can get back to killing. That's what I said. The internet people have chopped that clip up with my new commentary about what Dirk is going through and said look at Joe. And he said he wants Jake Gold to get away from Dirk because Dirk needs to be killing again. And now he's so mad at Dirk for doing all the killing. Joe is a Democrat crack yo. Hey y'all niggas proved to be the dumbest niggas on earth. Every time I throw the ball your way it never fails. So internet, I'm here to tell y'all that I prefer to be, say it with me a hypocrite rather than come on losing street cred right now.


Losing street cred right now. Complicit. come on internet. come on saying complicit a murderer. Yo, I don't think yo, I rarely agree with you on anything but I watched that exchange legend and I was like yo, you are a hundred percent right. Good shit, thanks. I don't be a hundred percent right all the time but the end of that, yeah y'all, y'all had it fucked up. I also want to reiterate that I, I don't condone niggas living they raps like where I come from. You could lie in the rap nowadays, you nigga say I'm gonna kill your whole squad and family and then y'all go and do it and then put a and didn't rap about squad.


We just got this nigga whole family over there. It was Thursday about three 30. Yeah. Yeah. I think they should, I think y'all should stop doing that. And they get mad when, see that's the part that keep pissing me off. Get 'em freeze. I'm watching everybody say, oh it's the blogger's fault. It's the blogger's fault. That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. But go ahead dumb. And I'm like, wait, excuse me. Yeah. Y'all sitting there doing the fed's work. No dummy. Y'all rappers are doing the fed work. That's both true though. Nah. Yeah. As bloggers can see it, the Fed can see it. Bring back bro. Bring back poetic lyrics. Yeah. What I saying bring back rocket record You think it took, put it in code where people can't understand You think it took one little blogger in his house somewhere from Kansas to go put This shit together for the Fed.


Say Oh Shit. That's what was going on. We got, instead of nigga saying caught him at the stoplight right there by the corner store on 13th Street. Hey, I'm a dirt fan. Fuckers We talk. They all know I listen to this nigga music all the time. He does. I fuck with all of that shit. Yeah, I've been saying for months baby longer than months, maybe a year or so. Is it me or does it seem like this nigga is trying to tell y'all, hey I got my get back right in mad verses. Yeah, that's wild To me it's, it's like, it's like I'm I'm dying for y'all to know because, 'cause again, internet comments and shit you got, everybody keeps saying every time Dirk opened his mouth it was oh, slide Fon slide FV slide Fon. So his way I gotta let y'all know, Hey I did that.


Yeah I got something done already. To me, That is why this is the dumbest era in hiphop history. It is no it ain It ain't just hiphop, it ain't just hip hop. Well, You right. You right, you right It is, it's beyond hip hop intersection, all that shit. It is beyond hiphop. This is this whole social media world we live in where niggas are literally living for the the the bots. Yeah. Yeah. But what I'm saying is we can't feed it. So I mean the solution to all don This shit, the solution to all This shit is don't kill people. Right. s that baseline, that's the baseline fundamental that's been happening forever. So no, I'm not gonna sit here. That's solution. That's still the solution though. But we still want say Right. Don't, don't kill people, don't kill people. Right.


Do wanna say that. But if you do kill people, maybe you shouldn't go talking about the people you just killed and what you did. But my my indicting detailing what you did. I just don't like to see the exploitation. At the same time You know what I mean. I I know too many cats That is locked up for things they did, but also things they said. And if I'm I I just give you classic example. I think I said my man AR app. Right. Whatever, whatever did or didn't do. That ain't for me to say. You friends with ar Yeah. From Philly. Yeah. Yeah. Was a good guy. Area avenue, like five blocks from me. The ar ab is responsible for whatever choices he makes.


But if I'm on, if if ar ad was sitting right here or whoever and they were saying some wild shit, I'd be like, yo, can we edit that? Yeah. That's the difference. Other people are like, yo, let's put that out. Let's clip that out, let's clip it, clip it should go, that should go, that'll go. And all I'm saying is let's not do that. Especially if you, especially if you are outside to this, to this culture especially, nobody should do it. But I, it looks even more predatory when certain people get these dickheads on. I'm not calling a ab dickhead, that's my brother I didn hear that part. But I'm talking about these other young cats who I don't know from these other cities. Okay. And they come on and they say wild shit and they, and and they, and these kids are doing it for clout, which is dumb. Again, they're the problem. Okay. I'm not saying they're not the problem, but I'm saying It is, I don't think it's wrong to also say bloggers.


Y'all need to stop This shit too because you're creating the thing that they, that they feed off. These people are addicted to to clout. All right. But hold on. The fans eating This shit up. So if I, if I, let's say I'm a blogger and I'm interviewing these niggas, there's a reason why this interview with this commentary is doing what it's doing. Yeah. Because the fans are eating it up. And if I don't ask you these questions, it's another nigga that's going to do that. You don't, you sound like yo, you sound like Adam and that that was Adam's point. I'm not trying, I'm not sound. That was Adam's whole point though. Look, do everybody want to hear it And if I don't ask it, other people gonna ask it. Yeah. But Adam failed even doing that. I'm so we shouldn't, he's the outlier. He failed doing exactly what, you know what I'm saying?


But I I just don't look at that as valid. I don't look at it as, as like saying 'cause if that, that was the old a mantra, yo, if I don't sell the scag, somebody else gonna sell it to. That's what I was going with. I say you like a crack dealer. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like somebody gonna buy it. It it, I, I disagree. I think that, I think both, both parties have a responsibility. Yo I think that both parties have a responsibility in which to just be smarter in these CI circumstances. My nigga. You bro, you can't, you can't. I market This shit if there's no market for it, there's a market for it. If the, so, so this is gonna fall. If there marketing murder it should not be a thing. Right. But It is so, so murder consumption shouldn't be a thing. Same reason why all these shouldn't going around be a thing. It is going to be thing.


We saycause we want it. Yeah. But we can say This shit all we want. It's the same reason why the music do what it do. Why these niggas make it. It ain't just marketing. We buy it and listen to This shit. I'm telling y'all I do it. That's true. But I'm a fan of, I love to hear when you niggas talk about killing each other yet I don't want y'all to kill each other and, and I used to love that shit too. Actually kill each each other Makes that makes zero sense what I just said. Listen to what I said. No, no I heard you. I love to hear you niggas talk about killing each other, but I don't want you to kill each other because we don't want blood on our hands. We don't wanna feel responsible for creating a market that that makes that shit happen. I'm with you. But I'm saying there are things that we say right now have a market that we would say we shouldn't, shouldn't have a market. For example, there are people out there who are child pornographers, right? Yes. There's a market for it. Correct. There's a huge market for it. Correct. It's a disgusting, terrible thing.


But we wouldn't say, well if niggas would stop wanting to buy it, they would stop making it. We say no this is so fucked up. Sure. That we don't want people to do it even though there's a market for it. I'm saying killing each other is so fucked up. Absolutely. That we so that's what I'm saying. I don't wanna just blame the audience for wanting it. I want to jump in to say back back to Parks saying can we bring back poetic bars? I would like people to start being creative in how they describe killing people versus detailing actual murder plots that are happening. One, yeah and two Dirk aside because again, he'll have his day and I don't know that they have a smoking gun case against him.


So I don't want to add to whatever's going on with him. Yeah. However, the video I seen of them dudes in LA shooting at a gas station at 3:00 PM or broad daylight. Hey pop culture and hip hop to the side. I'm saying as a nigga that gets gas, I don't want those people around in the tank by my car. I don't, yo, I don't, I think that would be unfair for the person with a family that's just pulling up to a gas station to refuel and go get their kid from school or some shit. No, some get some shits for their kid. Some idiot. Right at three o'clock start shooting at the fucking gas tank. I think That is bullshit. When the DC sniper shoot was going on.


Say what you say about him. Anytime he did that at a gas station, boy was I mad bro. I was mad. And that's records and that shouldn't happen to just people trying to get gas. And that's the, and that's the point to I don't want to You know what I mean. Bring up last week po But that's part of the point like yo dog, you have to have some level of humanity and decency. Even if you killing somebody, kill the right motherfucker my nigga. You putting 70 other motherfuckers lives in danger. Other people's kids in danger. Niggas wives in danger. Like that shit is just reckless man. Well It is don't kill. I'm saying but if you do, if you are Yeah man, niggas is going kill you. Gotta be careful with our shit. Fuck yeah. If somebody listening right now. True, true, true, true. No I'm not saying it like that. That's contemplated got shit on their mind.


Precise. Yeah. Wanna be responsible. This is how it's designed though. That's it. It's designed like that. It is, it's designed for the murder shit. All that shit. Criminal shit. You going outside and talking to the gangsters or, or niggas is killing niggas. The the fucking algorithm and the views skyrocket. It's designed that way. Niggas know that. So when niggas see that and they get them attention, they're gonna keep doing it because guess what a lot of us are attention, guess what attention they got now. Niggas don't think about that in the moment. They cos Yeah I know niggas don't think about that in the moment. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, but listen, when there's some places down south where getting gas is dangerous now. Yeah. Like when I go to South Carolina, I don't feel the tank. I don't stop at that corner.


What is, what is a checko, whatever that corner gas station is with the mad pumps all This shit with 12 pumps. Fam. I'm not stopping there, yo. Hey I'm looking at the renter car. Say don't bring it back without it full bitch. I pay the taking that shit, I'm driving right by it. Oh no, no, no. Whatever. That is pre prepaid that shit, they always got a airport now they gotta always got a gas station right by the airport. And the airports don't be in there in the slums. So go ahead. You gonna pay an extra couple dollars up? Yes, I drove to Columbia Airport with my mom sleep in the front seat trying to do the right thing. Got out.


Gotta be what? The the flight is six. So you talking four 30 now walk in Oh. Shit. Nope, Oh. Shit. That's different. I'm out. Or I noticed or I noticed one time like a that I was filling the tank up with my ring and it was a Cherokee, a old 97 Cherokee. Ah, those square shit. 10 on the other side looking at me like wait you deadass? Yeah like, oh wait, I'm, it was in that moment where I realized Oh Shit, I slipped, I bugged out. He said yo pull off nigga yo, go ahead on for your business now. You ain't supposed to be at this Chevron Chevron.


Nah in the Midwest too. Yo. Be careful at the gas stations. No, in the Midwest. I talk, my nigga's in Cleveland shout, shout happen. I don't come with no air and lie. I don't lie. Didn't tell you that. Well maybe he didn't tell me that. Oh that was for story purposes, but oh did I see the nigga in the Cherokee? The look on his face, like in my head it was, oh nigga just not gonna do nothing. Joe Button hurry up. Yo, I'ma spear you pump it up was a little g Got it Got it. So hurry up and pump it. But you got about four minutes to get on the, get the fuck out this Chevron. Facts. Facts. You will be laid out at Chevron. I keep seeing these streamers and the niggas that's getting all the 30 and $40 million buying their Ferrari and pulling them up to the Chevron and lining them up and lining them up right there.


And I, I wanna help y'all. I I want y'all to stunt and flex but I'm wanna pull, pull off nigga. Your brains will be all over pump nine. They not playing at Chevron. They're not. They're not. I told you dog shout again. No disrespect. Shout to everybody in Cleveland. The niggas told me, yo, when you in Cleveland don't go to the gas stations after dusk. I don't even know what dusk is when. come on. What time is That? is it four Wanna get gray outside? Yeah. Niggas no it does it it's a murky area. Yeah, when it's gray outside. Dusk, keep your monkey ass. Go on on the other side nigga go get some gas.


They rob out play around in Chevron. They rob you at the Atlanta gas stations nigga. The Atlanta gas stations, Atlanta robbed Atlanta gas stations ain't no joke. And everybody they're robbing you. Everybody Got it. They carjacking your shit. And a ya'all means to be at the Atlanta Gas. Yeah, that's, you get tricked. Yo. Oh Shit. She need help meet me up the block. Nah, why you want me to come here to come come? Nah, they fucking book you nigga Dick in the dirt season. Nigga that knock you off. I yo. Oh man yo. I don't have much else here. That's actually a lie. I have Amber Rose. Beyonce wants to be her.


Hey come on man. Did she really steal a speech? No. No. And Amber apologized like she, she apologized said she was just trolling but I didn't care. My brain was having too much fun with Amber Rose thinking that Beyonce wanted to be Amber Rose one day I wrote it anyway. You can't walk it back. 'cause my brain is already at Amber Rose thinking that Beyonce wants to be Amber Rose for a minute. Amber Rose, I love you now I feel about you. Shout out to Amber Rose. I'm trying tell you. Beyonce woke up tomorrow. Look, look, look. Go ahead. Philly's finest. No. Give us expound. Have you met Amber? Like being from Philly? I've known Amber since I knew Amber when she was in high school. That's predatory. I was a, I was a teacher. That's more predatory my nigga. You can't teach Amber Rose nigga.


No. You a freaky, freaky teacher. He said I knew math too. Oh my God. Spanish. Oh. Even worse. She wasn't in my class but I didn't, I'm more than yo niggas gotta watch him. Yo, you Got it You. right. Niggas gotta watch you away with a lot of, that's why he I taught her. Taught her what? Well you taught her nigga Brian May Knight said he taught him too. Say he tos some tape too in That little ski. So I know Amber for a long time. She's good people. You said that good sister? I like Amber a lot. Actually clean it up. No big up. You know I don't agree with her on the Trump shit. We talked about the Trump shit before you. I gonna kick a back in about it but I I don't agree with her. You spoke to her about it? I think she, yeah, yeah. Oh, on the phone DM text either text.


Oh okay. Okay. You what That. is that weird? It's not weird but we just No, it's lining you up. We just, she's Does she still call you Mr. Hill? Hold on, don't listen to this nigga. This nigga gonna help you. She calls you Mr. Hill. No, I don't actually think she, I don't even think she remembers me from back then. But you remember her? You just talking to her some cool shit. I students, I remember my students, I met her at VH one when I had a VH one show. When she had a VH one show. That's when we became cool. So you just talked to her on some cool shit like, yo Amber, what up? Hey that Trump shit. Ha do your thing. I know you got the bag for that Salou. I see you next time. Nah, I was more like, you know, chill. You know why you doing the Trump thing? She was, I was trying to interview her about it. We started building on it. That's all Vibe there Lincoln and Build You. right. You was in the crib dm but the message, whoa, you was in the crib student.


That's crazy. What was Shaq say that was 20? Can't dm. Oh man. Oh my God. Freak boy. Alright, what else? What else, what else, what else? Shout to Amber Rose. Don't feel love you Amber Rose. Good. Here's what I have for you guys. Should Chris Rock have put Tony Rock in any movies? Absolutely. Absolutely. I think you should Didn Didn't Necessarily agree with the way that Tony described the Situation. I didn't either. That's where I have a little bit of An issue. And, and a and a said that Eddie Murphy stood in that too and that was incorrect. Yeah, because Charlie, everything Charlie Murphy's in man movies, Charlie Murphy's in Harlem Knight, all types of shit.


How close are Chris and Tony Rock? Supposedly they tight, they tight according to who But, but Regardless of That it matters. It does, but not according to Tony Rock. Tony Rock said that when some of this stuff was going on, him and Ed him and Chris wasn't speaking on some often shit. So what I'm saying, so if I'm not, even if we don't rock like that, other than just having the same last name and being brothers, I'm not necessarily, we might not rock that way. Here's the thing though to me. Do you have siblings? Me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got four. Got it. Fuck no, you said four. Like my sister died. My sister died. Oh, I'm sorry. Assholes. My bad. T worry about that. No, no, don't give a fuck. I mean I give her the kid she died. I. didn take first.


Man. What the fuck boy, yo nigga, let's get mail back in, nigga. You wild. No, the rest rest in peace. But. yeah, I I have put my family on This shit didn't always work out. You know what I mean, but you always give them that chance. To me in the ch in the case of Chris Rock, he's in the industry where there's a lot of untalented. Like there's a whole lot of extras. I mean Charlie Murphy, a lot of his roles was not walk on roles and Har not Oh Shit, he's just standing there. We, until we knew who Charlie Murphy was, only when you go back and watch the movie, you realize, oh, that was Charlie Murphy. Tony coulda got some of them. He coulda got the, the the part, you know, in Blank Man with John Sally standing there, you know, all of that. Those kind things where you, you got like one line in a movie like that could've went to Tony. Right. Tony Rock is talented. Don't rest the peace to Charlie Murphy.


I think that that's unfair to Charlie Murphy. Let me, let me tell you something. I I think to say that about Tony Rock is unfair to Charlie Murphy. You bring up Harlem Nights. I, Charlie Murphy may have just been standing there granted, but at some point in his career, Charlie Murphy was known as Charlie Murphy. True for sure. Yes. He was Eddie's brother. But he had developed a niche where people are establishing me for hitting a home run at the plate myself. He was going on tour. I'm asking you, what is Tony Rock's moment comparable to that? He doesn't have one. However, how do we, that's a terrible example. That's that's a bad example too. Why? Because y'all bring it up. Because all This shit. Because all This shit Charlie Murphy did was before he hit the home run Car Knights was 20 years before Charlie. Before Charlie. He hit the home run.


Exactly. So those things, he still put 'em on. So those things could have led up to him getting the plate. That's what I'm saying, the pitch over the plate. Right. Not just that, not just that I'm not gonna shit on, on Tony Rock. I'm not gonna shit on Tony Rock. Like Tony Rock ain't been on tour for the last 10 years doing comedy on his own tour. He talented. That nigga's funny. But my thing is too, Tony Rock is already an established comedian. Chris Rock is an established comedian. They, they're not on the same level nowhere near. But to give my brother a role, 'cause Tony Rock attributed it to money and said, yo, my brother can't compartmentalize between the money and the family. And so he'll be like, yo dog Martin was a bigger role. Of course I don't want the Martin Lawrence role, but you could give me the role over here.


Right. That's, you get what I'm saying. I agree with him on that. But in the event that I don't, what role have you procured on your own? None bro. That's, I need you. That's, and that's why I'm bringing up to Charlie Murphy Point. We have to, but Charlie Murphy didn't do. We can't say we want to help each other. We want to help blacks. We want help do this, we wanna help do that and then say, yo, you ain't never do it on your own, so I'm not gonna help you. That's a part of helping somebody. But a lot of times you don't know relationship. Do you have siblings? No, but that's a part of helping somebody. All right, let me, let me, as a person who has a sibling, well siblings who's tried to help siblings in the past. I'll give y'all a quick story. I guess it's like oh 4 0 5 or something. My brother was on 1 0 6 and Park when they was doing a freestyle Friday show.


And I think seven weeks was Champion. He did six weeks while he's getting some notoriety up. I made a call to a couple people, yo, y'all want to talk to little bro? I was trying to get him, get him put on somewhere. He ran late for the meeting. Had too many people with my bunch of shit. So I was like, you know what, you just not ready yet. Mind you, I put my name on the line to get you this meeting. So now they looking at me like, yo, where your man at? What's up? I said, I won't do that again. Just something that I took from it. You just wasn't ready to prioritize what you wanted. So we don't know. I'm just giving you that example. We don't know that in the Chris Rock situation that he might've way back.


I'm just giving you an example. He might have had tried, Tony gave an example on the podcast. That podcast Chris might have a Reason, and this is where my issue came up, is he, Chris said he, he, they were doing I think comedy Cell or something like that and Tony pulled up. Chris said, yo put you in the movie. He said, all right, great. He's on tour. Well, while they weren't, while he said, while they weren't on the, The greatest of terms. Yeah. Okay. But then Tony was on tour or whatever, but he is like, I'll, I'll come back, whatever. And then he started getting calls like, yo, we're on set. Where are you? And he is like, well Chris never called me. That's not Chris's job to individually call each extra in the movie. Like he should have, someone should have been handling this expecting your brother who is a superstar is doing you a lookout expecting him.


It depends. That's, that depends. Nah on, I don't wanna feel like my brother is any less my brother because I don't put him in a movie. I don't wanna feel like that. That's true. But also, but also you don't know their relationship though. Lot of times niggas, I'm not trying to assume it. No, when, when niggas is younger, they don't, they don't fuck with each other. Just 'cause you, you get up. I, I could do you that favor, but I'm not as, I'm not gonna be obligated to do it or be as enthused to do it because our relationship wasn't solid. We missed a sibling rivalry that happens as children when niggas grow up harboring that issue. I think you got a duty if if he's there's no duty nigga, if He ain, I got a duty when, when mama die. Yeah. I disagree if he's qualified duty.


'cause your mom would tell you, make sure you take care of your brother. When I got And what if your brother was a piece of shit to you your whole life. What if he mistreated you as a kid? What if he did that? What if he disrespected mama love and you had to watch Mama Cry and shit like that. Now all all of that you up you still gotta put him on. No, no, no. All no all of That is is is exactly is I'm agreeing with you. Obviously if he's a murderer you shouldn't do it right. No, no. I didn. Yeah I'm just, I'm just saying like there's a lot that there's a lot of fucked up things a person could do to disqualify him for it. But I'm saying if we starting from just zero and my brother does the same thing I'm doing and he's qua and he's relatively qualified, I'm, I'm putting him on. What if his brother act like he was always better than him. Like certain things where I don't want This shit around me. Y'all, I got you. I'ma put bro. Why, why we just keep going to the most negative things?


Yeah. Throw bad Shit. I told you that we don't. Yeah, Like why we always gotta do that. We always gotta make up this hypothetical situation where the nigga is just a scum of the earth piece of shit. Nigga. That'll make you a sc I, Tony Rock is a real good dude. Tony is a real, and We gonna talk about this. When Will Smith smacked my brother, my, my same brother that didn't put me on no movies and my same brother stood tall. That nigga wanted to fuck Will Smith up and was telling him, yo dog, when I see you as up He ain just made a point the same He ain't to say shit, shit don't matter when I see you's up. Right. That I respected that all you stealing gonna be in the movies, nigga. come on. come on. What? Because he say he gonna fuck him up. Like come on, stop. No, I'm saying he stood tall for him. He ain't have to. What you talking about man? The same nigga. You just gave a scenario why I can't be in your movie Qua saying you a quasi star.


I can't be in your movie but if somebody smack you, I'm coming to bat for you. It Always, we put these hypotheticals on Tony, we don't know that about. No. True, true, true. Yeah. All all I know. That's why I'm talking about factual shit Stands up off what he did say on the podcast. And to me that was a point where it's like, I could see why that didn't work out. Like yo, if you're Sitting around waiting for your superstar brother to call you personally to tell you when to show up on set, I'm gonna put you on a I don't but what's, how's he supposed to know when know Call the producer or director or, but That's s not like the my brother. I think communication got dropped. It's not like the ball got dropped. 'cause as an actor, I'm not calling the producer say, Hey there's a movie window. I come this, call him you Agent someone, someone else should be Handling this. That's what I'm saying. Somebody dropped the ball there and it might be that they thought Chris was gonna contact me.


I don't wanna speculate. I'm just saying there's a lot of things that could have happened. But at the core, if you are my brother, if you are my brother and we're relatively talented, you should get a shot, bro. That's all. I'm hungry. That's it. That's it. I don't give a fuck what nobody saying. How could you argue that and be against the LeBron? Relatively talented. I'm not sure how how could, when we get the Hoboken Park, I'm not against LeBron James, I'm I you he can beat you. I'm not against, I'll take that. But LeBron, I said LeBron James is not an NBA player. That's the difference, bro. I said LeBron James, based on what my father has done in this league, the money that my father has generated in this league and other areas, you absolutely fucking right. He deserves to be in the BA What what discography tells you that Tony Rock is is ready for the big leagues in terms of movies.


He's been on tour for 10, 15 years. But it's not that don't necessarily about but hold on. It's not big leagues. That's my point is I'm not saying he should have took Bernie Max's spot in head of state. Yes. I'm saying he could have played the nigga selling hotdog on the corner. He coulda had an extra role. You mean like a second round 55th pick? Yeah. I don't have a problem with that. No. My criticism of Ronnie. No, no, no. Here's the difference. Criticism. That's not the same. My criticism of Brony was not, I don't hear the difference. I don't think it's good for Bronny. That was my point. I don't think Bronys going to do well. If you told me that Tony Rock's gonna do a part that's gonna fuck up his career, I would say yeah Chris don't put 'em on. Tony Rock has been in movies. Tony Rock has been in movies. Yeah. And TV shows. He's a he can act. I mean super freak Zeke that What is that? I don't know.


That was, yeah, you a freak. Is that like some why? You know Kevin Hart, Zeke Har, Tony Rock, Megan Good. They had a Allstar cast in the fucking, the Steve Har. There were all stars doing a lot of work in that sentence. But. yeah. I don't know what you're talking That's that's, that's a very generous You are correct. Yeah, you are correct. But super. What happened when in, what's the shit with Steve Harvey book? Like a man, like a man Tony Rock has been in movies. Tony Rock again is not some bum ass nigga that you just picking up off the street. That nigga just accomplished. Comedian. I'll stop here 'cause I don't wanna make my argument sound like that's what I'm trying to say about Tony Rock. 'cause I am not, I'm not trying to say that about Tony Rock. I fuck with, I fuck with the rocks.


Yeah. Period. Joe, Tony, I also fuck with brothers. Not all the way fucking with they brother. The way they brother Exactly. Think they should Joe, if your brother could rap, not as good as you. But I got a younger brother rap now. Is he professional? How good is he? You asking the wrong nigga though? Okay. You asking. Okay. You asking the wrong nigga good luck with your shit. Like my whole thing is this. Right? My my whole thing is in our culture, we remember when wasn't up so fucked up in our culture. We remember when we weren't up, it was a time when everybody's not up. That's what I'm saying. Nobody walked into a fucking million dollars yesterday. So Chris Rock tells about when Eddie Murphy came in and, and put 'em on Chris Rock was the mailman in fucking boomerang.


So my thing is, you gotta start somewhere with smaller roles. Why not put my brother in a smaller role? Again, I'm not saying make him my co-star 'cause he, he compared himself to Martin Lawrence. No, you can't be in the role that Martin Lawrence is playing. No, it's crazy because he's fucking Martin Lawrence. But I can also have a role as a funny nigga, write me in some little shit, a funny nigga, the hotdog nigga, whatever the case may be to get my sag credits up and all of the rules. That's true. Or you, so you have the role as the nigga That's mad that didn't make the flick. I already lemme ask you a question. Play brother number two. Lemme this, hold on. Yeah, yeah. Now if I do do that, use my phone call or get you in a role as an extra and you don't show.


That's it. And now they looking at me, yo, where's your man? We had you supposed, your man supposed to be here, da da da da da. You might say, all right, you know what, fool me once. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not doing that. And if that, and if that happened, I ain't got no issue with it. True. But you gotta get a shot. You gotta give him a shot. That's, that's, well he, he gave him a shot. So if, I'd love to hear, so was he, was he saying this as he, that he was disgruntled by telling the story? When he was telling the story? He didn't sound disgruntled. He didn't sound disgruntled. But in my opinion, He ain he a professional. So you might not gonna get up there and shit on your, your superstar brother. Nah. And kick his back in. But he also said like, yo, I would've, I would've liked to have gotten some roles. Well, that's honest, honest and vulnerable of him.


So I appreciate that. He ain. He didn't have to, she none of that shit. Yeah, he sat up there. So it didn't sound like he was shitting on his brother or No, he sound like he was being a professional. Ari Spears was giving the interview and Ari Spears started asking him, wanna question, make sure I was, say if, if it sounded like the other way, Ari, Ari, whatever, you know, white as hell. I don't fuck with my brother if he did that in the interview. Yeah. Like, yo Dog, I mean, Ari Spears another nigga with a ugly nose. How you put Ari Spear's nose in your mental Rolodex? Because I have eyes and I saw that interview and said, look at this, and you finger without, look at that nigga nostrils and you, and you kept it. Nigga's Yes, nigga. Yeah. Wow. What's up? You Got it. This I had it. You had Aaron.


I I, my final question, Mel, come back. Mel. Mel, I ain't gonna hold you a lot of chemistry. Lot of, no, it's not Mel. Mel It is not Mel Niggas Got it along a little better than I anticipated. We miss you man. We miss you that first. That's facts that we miss you, but also facts. Yo, this this crew right here. I it geed it went really well. No, stop. It is terrible. I did a horrible job, man. I don't know. This is like, this is that crew, but welcome. come on. The fuck is wrong with you, idiot. Yo, lastly my final question to my distinguished cast. Yo, do we make anything of just hilarious not being back on the Breakfast Club yet?


Yo timestamp man, we serving him to you. I did him look crazy back to y'all. No. Yes. Was wasn't she pregnant? Yeah, she's on maternity leave. Yeah, she had a baby. She's on maternity leave. Oh. So and then she had a baby. How, how long ago do we, how long like the baby think The baby's three, not three years old. Yo man, what the fuck is wrong with you baby? And pre-K. Now she still ain't come back to work. You're just saying that because there, there's a poll going out there that they said they preferred the young ladies on there now. No, I thought this for a while because I'm a fan of just hilarious.


Me too. And they thought that she was such a great addition to that amazing show and then she left with the baby, baby seven. That baby's at the party. Yo, you good? So, and then they brought the new young lady in there who's doing great. So now's killing it. It's the thing. But I've been wanting to ask like, where is just hilarious? I don't think that's home Nigga Outta bounds to Ask Home. I mean, I think she should get all the maternity leave she wants. I saw her do some interviews lately and I think she's starting to hit the road again for comedy. I, that's what made me ask. Yeah. Yeah, she is. You can tell me how he got some hella ymi in the twenties and thirties. What do you mean? I, I'm just that nigga deserve for Halloween. What you been, you know that nigga is a panda bear.


You nigga play boy. Just, I just said she deserves him at the homecoming. Like BMF, like BM F with the food trucks outside. This nigga It. It's mo he pull up to the homecoming. Yeah. When you went down undergrad with that knowledge. Morehouse Yeah, man. Oh, see, that was entendre. Hey, we gonna get some more to the house. Oh man. What I was gonna say is, again, I, I'm a just hilarious fan. I like Lauren, Charles, I'm a fan of both of 'em and I think they both dope in sports. Try and keep up in sports. Oh Shit, damn. You don't lose your job to the backup. You don't lose your job to the back.


Not for lose, but you also don't lose your job to injury. Wait, you don't wait, wait. What? Wait, wait, wait. Don't, That is don't lose your job to the backup in sports. You do. I mean to injury. Sorry. To injury. Like if, like if I'm out and somebody's filling in, they don't, you don't, they don't come back on now. You don't start no more. They give you a shot to get your job, to keep the job Drew. That we tell you never happens. But when it does happen, that's the story. It's like, yo, he lost his job during injury. Shit. Tell, tell, tell Dak dad, Dak. That's whole with Tony Romo. What are y'all talking about? Yeah, it happens. I'm saying it of a lot. I'm, I'm not saying it doesn't happen. I'm saying don tell Julius Randall that it does. Well no, they traded Julius Randall. No, he was injured. They trade on for multiple seasons in a row when the team need him.


And then they said, all right, you keep being injured. We can't do this no more. Yeah, that's different than a backup taking your spot because you were injured and turned out the backup in your starting spot was actually Julian Randall out 40 games. Right? And he, he, he rehabs he comes back and he's now healthy. It's his spot to reclaim. Now you can compete for it the next season. Tell that to OJ and Newbie. They traded him. No, they, the Knicks traded for him and kept him same position as Julius paid him the max, but, and then shipped Julius, who's been there for five, six years, that's came back. He still ain't, I mean he never got healthy. They both played in January. They both was playing in January. Then he got hurt and then they decided to keep og And it don't, man, I'm just telling y'all, there are some instances, few.


I'm not, I'm not saying there aren't, there aren't exceptions. What I'm saying is, in general, historically we've said that's the rule. Like if you have a job and I'm, I don don think Russell Wilson's gonna go back to that bench, I'll tell you that much. But, but he's also a marginal starter now. It's not like he's a guy who's who, who people think of as a go-to guy. And it might have just beat him out. He didn't lose his job To the injury. To the injury. And what I'm saying, I'm saying, and I'm not comparing pregnancy to an injury. I'm just saying when you're outta work for an excused reason, You know what I mean. Sure. You you don't just come back and oh, you lost your job. Shouldn't have been pregnant. Right. You could question the fit or find a way to make it both work. But I would hate to see anything happen to Jess based on the fact that she left to have a baby and that chemistry Right. Hit the road. She's opening for Martin on his tour. Yeah. She's dope. Like they both dope. This could be a Yeah, maybe there's a world where she quit.


Yeah. This could be a, a whole place where we don't know. We don't know. We don't know. And I'm sure that contract was was was nice and yeah. Tidy I. hope so tidy. Hopefully I hope So shout out. Shout out to Jess. Hilarious. Shout out to Jess and and the new young lady. Lauren. Lauren. Shout out to Lauren too. Lauren shout. They both dope. They got different strengths but they both dope. Okay, I'm going to end this broadcast, but not before I play this fetcher clip so we could just hear what was going on. Now y Y'all on queue up. Sleepers. Get you sleepers.


What's up? We were doomed. Let's Go. We were doomed. Tried to told you So. Do I see you Judge? I see you. I love Fat Joe. But Okay. It's different over here. Yeah. Dodge Bronx. Oh Lord. New York City. This is what Fat Joe did before the Yankee game. While we were down oh two. This is the Bronx's response to the Dodgers bringing out Ice Cube. The game before Himself.


I got a hundred run from New A hundred clips Hits we from the home of A Oh honey, hits From New. He say we from the home of the terrorists. I thorough ISTs From New. And this is, man, I could see the, this Moses ain't even, he got say blow nothing. What? And I was just about to find off. Now Mac his back. I think I'd much rather find him. But, and everybody took crazy outta eight pitch. We going hit it out the block every time we hit. You know Stan Lee. True. Homie got the Holy Shook saying, no, Joe, go let him loose on me. Two story. You bringing the team back. Even the dodger was forced to leave. Just fucking, You're fucking Kidding me.


Shouting the Dodgers out. Wow, man. Is that the moment where your soul left your body and knew Yankees was toast? I mean I, once I saw how many runners we were leaving on, on base, I was like, okay. It was a lot. It was a lot. Run of zero hits. It was a lot. I had a lot of them on my prospects. It was a lot. And yeah, shout to the Yankees. I don't know if I'm rooting for them to win tonight or lose so my dad could see a celebration. What I told you last week, gentlemen. Sweet. Right? That means you gonna lose the night. You gonna win the night and then lose on the fifth. I want your dad to have a great night. Shout out to your father and then you'll, you'll lose, you know the game five.


It'll be can't go out. Sweet Bill. Yeah, gentlemen. Sweet. You get, you get your one. Just respect. I'm rooting for the Yankees. Show some pride, man. Do it for George. Yeah. Do it for George. Man. Show a little little bit of any of them. Any of them. Oh, Shit. Dead ass. Any of them. My sources say there that they've given up though. All jokes aside, I talked to somebody in the locker room. They, they, Candace? Nah, they defeated. Why y'all defeated fault The Candace Owens defeated. No, no, no. It was the Yankees gave up dead ass. It was, it was a, it was a, a beat writer. He, he said, we asked what the energy was like. He said totally done. Judge was going through the motions with his answers to our questions. No feeling win one game rings hollow after a performance like that.


Well Judge can make contact one and two. A lot of this is bad managing by Boone. And I think the life was sucked out of him in that, in that game. One loss. Yeah, that game. One loss. Hurt. Hurt. And that's New York teams in general because y'all are front runners and you like character and heart. Once you take the soul outta y'all, one good punch to the mouth. It's a rap. And that's what happened in game one, which I told you was gonna happen. And then it happened again in game two. You know it's, it's It is over. I mean yeah. But it was a good season. Shout out to the Yankees. Real good season disrespect. I do think we'll be back. I have no respect for New York sports. It was really difficult watching the Knicks Cavs game the other night for me.


I just cannot get used to this cat. What they call this nigga, the big cat, big perb, big bodega, big me out. Whatever they calling him. I cannot get big me Out used To this. Wow. Mind you, I've watched the Knicks every time they played Cleveland, just manhandle them on the boards. Mm. So this was the first time where we looked afraid of Evan Mobley word. And I wasn't, I'm not used to that. I'm not used to that at all. I hope that we gel and get it together, man. Y'all cooked us last year on the boards. Now y'all don't look like the same team at all. Kat just, he shot nine shots against Cleveland dancing out round out there by the fucking three point line Mobley and what's my man name that used to play for the Nest?


The big tall dude with the Afro. Got that Supermax. He's on Cleveland at the other big boy jumping as Jared. Jared, Jared, Evan, jar Yeah man. Them niggas did whatever the fuck they wanted to do. Man. Shout to the Knicks. Hopefully y'all get it together. And the Giants, I won't even get into it. Yeah, yeah. I was gonna say that was a good, good game. I was just waiting. I liked that Game. I was good. Cam Ward's waiting. Cam Ward. Let's draft Him. You're not gonna be there Cam Ward. Let's draft Him. You're not gonna be there. I just want you We two and we two and six. Yeah. The Panthers are gonna be there nigga. It's a lot of bad teams. There's A lot of bad teams. It is crazy. Yeah. There's not the way Dallas, we fuck around. Be getting a nice little draft.


We'll get the top five pick. I don't think there's five. Love that. Worse teams than us. I love That is when New York fans talking about what drafting they gonna get when we eight. Who in terms of record? Carolina. Carolina. New England. New England. Yes. The Chargers. No, the Chargers are all right. I don't know. They record The Raiders. That's, I was, the Raiders are pretty bad. The Jet, the The Jets are bad. Saint Are pretty bad. The Dolphins and the Jets are pretty bad. The bigs, the Browns are bad. Brown. The Bess are not gonna have a worse record. US Tennessee is bad. They only got one win. It's bad. Two and six. You probably, That niggas a tankers. There's a lot of teams down there and that two three win. But I also don't have Cam Ward being the first quarterback off the board.


Although right now you guys technically would be the fourth pick. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Top five. And we're in the Cam Ward race, But Cam Ward and Shado are going off one and two probably. Well Shado kind Black. So Im a Giants fan. We don't draft black quarterback. T It is Shado. I don't don, I'm not a football guy like that. It's Shado a solid NFL prospect. Yes. It's real. Yes it's real. It's not, it's not hype. Okay. It's good to know. He looking, he looking like the prototypical black quarterback today. Okay. Which is, I could do it with my arm. I could do it with my legs. That's what's up. Good decision making. He he looking tough. Alright. I'm taking it back to the old school. Taking it back to me.


Losing my virgin. No, no not me. Losing my virginity. Me learning how to fuck my baby Mom's had that motherfucking little stereo over there. Used to play some shit. I've told this story before. You know Time It is, I'm going with Joy Lick. Okay. This was, oh Man nigga, this record changed. This record changed my entire sex life at 17, 18 years old. My baby mama played this. Oh my gosh.


And don't Actually, that's too freaky for a pod. I'm changing it. Same vibe. Alfonzo. Hunter man. Talk to him.


She's not afraid. She me. After working hard, all soon as I get her, she knows what to do.


Pulls me in and takes per the softness of she's one.


Alright. That is brand old music. Brand old music from Alfonzo. Hunter. That record is going weekend thing. Available in your phones and on dps right this second. Actually I don't know that that's true. I didn't check that. These old niggas be snatching, snatching This shit off. Hey, check it yourself. That's Alfonzo with a z. We can thing y'all Hold it down Irv. All right. What we got? What we got? I really love this album.


This gorilla's album just recently came out. We talked about it previously, but I feel like this one record, I haven't really heard it as much. 'cause it's buried deeper down the album. This record is called Letter Cook. Off of glorious Letter. COOK Let me cook. Never gave a damn. I ain't never gave no food. No. Fell out with them holes. We ain't never made getting no fuck back for everything I ever lost. I'm on the mission. Let's go. We turned the whole house into a booth. We in the kitchen. Ooh.


LET. HER. COOK. Woo. Big low come through. Frying shit. Hey LET, HER, COOK. Okay. Too much Kick out B bitch. Oh God. LET, HER, COOK. All this sauce. I'm trying shit. Woo. Let me cook. Biglow come through. Shut shit down. I'm bringing hoes out. Run up on This. shit you want. I'm swinging. Bows out. If them hoes ain't bad is glow, then put them hoes out. Put em got my ankles on your nigga shoulder. Hurt them toes out. Let's get As got look fat now these hoes look mad. Okay. Head and got look better. I don't even think that Ma Uhuh bitch talking like she gang. She don't really want no am we as, oh these hoes Couldn walk. Marly need your bitches sound. Oh kind bitch, I ain't gonna cry. No hun. I ain't gonna cry no rape either hoe. I got my own cake.


You ain't gonna make me wait either. My nigga ever cheat on me. I bet we break Easy bitch O Nigga. Still my nigga Betty can't leave me. Hoe never gave a damn. I ain't never gave no fuck no. Fell out with them hoes. We ain't never made getting no fuck back for everything I ever lost. I'm on the mission. Let's go. We turned the whole house into a booth. We in the kitchen. Ooh, LET, HER, COOK. Woo. Big little come through. Frying shit. Hey LET, HER, COOK. Okay. Too much cake out B bitch. Oh God. LET, HER, COOK. All this sauce. I'm trying shit. Woo. Let cook early Bird. Get the worm. Gimme head out. Want your sperm.


Can't teach. He talk the game. No deep bitch Tim, let 'em learn. No, they hate to see me win. Play that us. Let it burn. Hold on. Wait a fucking minute. Huh? Let me talk my sheet. I I can't let up phony bitch. I'm finna drop again. Gave you ho the recipe I did. Can't get this sauce again. Gave them hoes a head start this time. So bitch never gave a damn. I ain't never gave no no. Fell out with them hoes. We ain't never made getting up fuck back for everything I ever lost. I'm on mission. Let's go. We turned the whole house into a booth. We in kitchen. Oh, LET, HER, COOK. Woo. Big low come through frying sheet. Hey LET, HER, COOK. Okay. Too much cake out B bitch.


Oh God. LET, HER, COOK all these sauce. I'm trying she woo. Let me cook. And That is letter cook by Illa off of glorious. I'm playing new old music. This is a Clark Kent joint. How We Roll cannabis. Ooh This yeah, Let's go.


I never freestyle for free without charging niggas a fee. And the cost of a brain cell just decipher with me. I'm the type of mc the rock for the glory. I don't give a fuck if you ignore me. Your can me freestyle, spit it with infinite ammunition for anybody trying to go the distance. I promise less kilometers to have you continent. I'm baric with the and you lyrics to separate your body from your spirit. This is niggas doing shows shit because I'll be in the crowd if ain't control. Wild nigga.


Nigga know nothing about this Joe. Nigga Savage snatch microphone. Women who get into the Smithsonian have phony cubic you what I do to cruise like you. How many niggas in my career I ran through coming after y'all master y'all with the shotgun. Like the front seater. You must be asking for some sort of a smash.


Yo. When this game out swore he was the nicest dude in the universe by the way. He was good. Nobody nice. He was crowning. He was bugging out in America. MCs can't see me 'cause I'm too quick for the human retina to register. Third verse, humbled up on your cool quake long sleeves and the speed that would confuse Keanu Reed. So ask yourself, who am I? I'm the illest mc that you ever seen in your fucking life. I hop into the back seat of the says 9 9 9 9 kind.


Whether they signed with many lies, more lies than the million pair of Idina. More lies than the Bible quoted from Jesus. More lies than the African Her zebras niggas. The aint fucking with the cannabis sativa. This is for all doing shit ain't control. That's How, We, Roll Cannabis Produced shit By DJ Clark Kent. Rest in peace and Thank. you Going back to that album, you miss you man. Word I. gotta let that album rock again. Clark. Kent told me I was nice in all y'all niggas too. Just so y'all know. I know he is not here so you can't confirm. But he said it. I'll tell you. We take your word. I ain't like the rest of you niggas that keep posting the pictures.


I had real life talks with the man. He told me I was better than y'all. He did all of y'all. But go ahead. We'll just go into my joint. I'm going back to Big Jersey more, Joe. Let's go turn it up. 10 minutes. What? You calm little calm down. Oh that's what we doing, idiot. Yo. Who else from Jersey? The artist. Nigga Young. He said you're not an artist. Song is Soul. On Fire You.


We some We on Seen You Show you all.


That is Soul. On Fire by the artist with a dollar side. SDS. Yeah. Her name is the artist. Tough Fuck with it. Prince's name was the artist. Her name is the artist as well. And Prince. There you go. Oh, Mel's not here. Yeah, Yeah man. I wanted to hear Mel Sleeper the day I did Mel, we love you girl. We love you off. Enjoy your day off. Enjoy your day off. Have a slice. Have a blast. I'm going out tonight. You outside Going out tonight.


Girls love karaoke. Doing They Oh you bringing it back? They doing, They doing. Girls love Halloween. Oh. The girls do love Halloween. And I love the girls love Halloween. Hell y'all tonight. They doing tonight. They doing Girls Love Halloween now. Now who dressing up like a pumpkin now? Last week. Oh wow. I got there early and left early. Some of the money niggas was looking at me like a punk. Not tonight. Not tonight. Niggas throwing money in there. I said some of the money niggas was looking at me like, oh I needed a nap. They was looking at me like I was sleepy.


You you ain't, you ain't a rock. You ain't, I Got it. I Got it. You ain't like that shit though. No, no, No. Gonna learn on tonight though. E what's up? What you doing? What you doing tonight? Which is tomorrow now you cool? They doing Girls love Halloween tomorrow night. You said that's tomorrow night. Which is tonight? Because this comes out tomorrow. Yeah. I already hit the people I need to hit. Let 'em know a few Blancos mean. Tommy and Orozco. Yeah man. Girls do love Halloween. They they do. They love H do. We could talk tonight. Yeah, I might. Yeah, I might wanna come see some. Yeah, I'm gonna have to see some costumes.


I'm big on costumes. I see some ghosts and some You. know what I mean? Yeah. Ka cats and Yeah. Yeah. I'm head on. I'm head out. Val Velma. Nah. It is a little social event that they, that they do in the city. Man. I mean they doing it at the right time because we all love Halloween. We all do. And we love, like you said, that they love Halloween. We're very festive. Yeah. Normally girls Love it a karaoke, tricking and treating this week is Girls Love all We gotta get the spirit Halloween. Yeah. It's a costume party. Gotta wear a costume. Costume is like a fucking what? What's the, what's that word? It's a license to when you wanna fuck more aphrodisiac. Right. That's what aphrodisiac mean when you wanna fuck more.


No, it's things that make you, yeah. Right. Same ball for come on educator. That's an you want an aphrodisia. you right. Sat back like nah, I'm cool. I don't on what costume, what costumes. You know what I mean. I'm gonna go with my girl. I'm bringing my girl too. That's you go there you go. There you go. I'm bringing my girl yo. When my girl shut the fuck up and stop bitching about bitches. Yo. She's funny. Why you? You ever remember that? Your girl actually like It is like, yo, you not that bad. Well you're not doing this if you just shut the fuck up. Sometimes I can live with This shit.


Yo, the night you bring your girl out is also the night that all the girls you want to fuck come out. Like I'm bringing my girl because I was just there last week. I kept it cool and I kept be, I kept be peeing. I kept it peeing. Watch this week. Watch. Watch what happened. Now what y'all think Halloween is such a good time. It is definitely 10 feet. Definitely 10. 10 feet At least nine and a half and a half. At least nine and a half. Alright man. Okay. Oh come on man. I'm ending with number three. Y'all know what time It is. I love y'all. I know y'all It is giving midnight release. I don't know.


I don't know. Flip four more hours. Man. You go home. It is cool. Yo. Hey just gimme four, four hours. Hours of your time. Maybe five. And you can go home quality right now. Mark worked it out in his contract. He's gonna get out here in 10 minutes. I need about four, four more here thing. Wait, look here. He ain a thing. Thing. It don't need to be a thing. You could just be, I'm just choosing not to engage. We you got, I show you better than I can tell you. We in yo, we in there. I show. Listen, you need a ride? No, no I'm good.


I'm good. I show you better. My contract got a driver so I just back. Yeah, he got a driver in his contract. You got should negotiated that. Yeah. Nah, I'm trying. I'm trying man. I read already. Yo yo fucking with you is one of my favorite things in the fourth quarter. Yo. The fourth quarter ain't even the fourth quarter. If I can't fuck with flip yo. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we love being there or we need to be there until next time I bid. You would do fa well Adio, Riva, dci, OTA a so long bye or simple head. No. We'll suffice You know what I mean. Check this stuff. Some niggas pain I thinks To gain and it happens So naturally you think it's preordained straightly your brain escape from that ball of chain.


If five's in it for the long hall of fame weight. Yo remember life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. And lastly, I'm I get even a find a balance. Oh no. Do you hear how nice that nigga was? Can't tell if I'm trying to get even or find a balance. Get it. If you find a balance, it's even, come On, I'm much close up front post Love it. So so but yet he Parks Let day bars know nigga warn Balling. Tell him I feel of ice as it's forming in my veins chasing. I hide so much that we both yo. And lastly the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel in a close minded women want you to teach some things.


Grab you with Tylenol, you might Need it. What? I could be on top of the world a desire to fall because what's the point of dreaming big if you've acquired it though. But lyricism is back a healthy spearhead. If we order yells make money year ahead. I skipped the club line and don't get turned around. The girls come at a high volume. I don't turn them down. That was broke. That was broke. That nigga was talking like that. That was painless. That nigga was high volume. That's why I keep saying turn it down. They want want you to rap volume. They don't want you to rap now. Like you ain't even do the science volume. Turn it. come on That Is what you think I was light.


come on man. come on man. Like shout tape. Rock Like the way I offset. Don't get confused by the Bentleys and the corvets got stories from my hood. Daddy rival those War bet Jersey City come to I amount two. My only beef. They don't hold account resent me. But I'm cool with it. They handed before I do. Alright. Anybody got any interest in plans for the rest of the week? Halloween plans. Halloween plans, weekend plans, anything cool that we need To share? Nah. Improper old nigga. Shit. Season two improper improv today. And I'll be at ice Love Halloween too Yo.


Oh, you can't come out because you and your shorty but who? What? IIII Have to do something. If you want to check out Girls Love Halloween man. Do you see the trailer for This? shit. The teaser Amani. I know Amani it. I don't need to. You see the teaser? That's right. Don't need I'm sold the name. I'm sitting there watching the fucking trail on my phone. Here go my stupid as my stupid ass girl. I'm like yo, I knew that camera was coming my way. She said Yeah, I know. I could tell by your pose sitting there trying to hide your thumb. Nigga you sitting there trying to hide your thumb and look cool in front of the bitches. Nigga. Yo, I cried laughing for 40 minutes. Yo, sometimes your girl know you.


Yeah, sometimes your girl know you. Hey, I saw The camera. I did try to hit my, I tried to hit my You. know what I mean. God came me yay. Think I was hoping for Nolo. Try to quit smoking more. Just met a gone world. Oh. So how can we end up pressing each other when our bond started out with us judging each other, like yeah, we just fucking each other but nobody getting full while we bluffing. Each upper. Got one girl is too much history with another that's never had too much misery with another that'll guzzle shots till she literally sick. And another that only text me to say, gimme some business. I swear. How could you ever say Joe with salt? What if I tell you my problem? You think of showing up?


I keep quiet on my end. My quality of life. Pretty high end. Also, while we end, I wanna let y'all know Joel in bed is scheduled to not play tonight. Wow. He didn't play the other night either, but all, no, I still turn on ESPN and see if I see Ish and Mark. Fucking holding hands. Niggas can't go to The game. No, not at all. So lemme see you at ESPN again nigga. Talking to hold Mark. I'm next year.


I'm grown up. I'm grown up next year. Alright, well Mark, leave. Stay here. Flip J-B-P-J-B-P play with you B without the JBP. Try to do some s slick shit. I love you.