
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show. Much better now. Whew. All right. Mic check. 1, 2, 1, 2. The greatest in the world. Shout out to wherever you are watching from. Some of y'all are looking on big screen TVs. Shout out to those of you watching us on Smart TVs. Shout out to those of you watching us on dumb TVs.


Hello? Yeah. Some of y'all out there in the trucks with the iPads. I see y'all in salute. Oh yeah. Salute to y'all too. Some of y'all got the LEDs around your screen. Some of y'all is watching from the spa right now. Yo the niggas that watch in opulence, I appreciate that. Should be looking fly nigga at the fireplace. Yeah. I'm like, oh, okay. I see what you're watch. Watch this shit. Listen, this is a premium broadcast and these used to be premium couches. This is a premium location that we record from Premium real estate. That is not CGI behind you. Premium video quality. Premium audio quality. Oh yeah.


Premium. Come on bars. Gimme a bag, man. On premium light filtering. Honestly, honestly, the cameras come on man. We see you other part. Come here. Check out the Cam set up facts. Y'all know what y'all trying to sneak the pics? Yeah. Yeah. Yo. you know what it is? With the Cam set up, they come over to me and E and Lolo Yo. What's that shit you be using? And you And y'all let them rock. Yeah, don don't be liking that shit. We, we stood here and watched the nigga go. He walked right. He walked right and recorded the whole set right in front of Me and you. Yeah. You remember that time. That's true. Listen, the outdoor furniture is premium. I didn't, we didn't, we didn't skip a beat. Indoor furniture. We didn't skip a beat. Ish the artwork, the art, the figurines. Oh. Oh yeah. Well the artwork on Cam. We didn't skip a beat.


Now off Cam. I am gonna level up soon. I am dumb shit right there. Those I'm get, I mean, listen, there was a lot going on. Ain't nothing wrong with that. That's not bad. But I've been in the fancy ji bougie. Come on. Hey. And they saved my, they saved me. They put me in the system. Got count. Hey, hold up now. Put you on the new hold up now. They, they stored the card. I, I heard you. Yeah, I heard you in that fancy sheet spot too. Fucking around with Corey fancy sheets Cory, because we was broke together and he's so proud of me be sending me shit that he think I should be up on.


So he sent me some fucking fancy sheep store fret and I hit it. I just hit the link. I never heard of a fret. Yeah. My whole life I've been the fret. So. I. Click on the link on the fray. Go ahead. The fray. I've been all that shit and I look and I'm just scrolling and the prices of some of the, the sheet sets were unlike anything I had ever seen before. Mm. So then Curiosity kills the cat. Who's cat? Me, me. I go Google the fucking fret store. Madison ass 60 Seconds something.


It is telling you anything I need to tell you Shirley, but Stupid Cat Wake up Saturday morning. Want to jump around feeling frisky. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they seen the fucking truck pull up And. it was like we gotta a big, wasn't nobody or mad as an ad but me that morning I walked right inside me and Charlie. They stupid asses. Howdy. Take a look. What was the thread count? That's some JLo sheets. On what? On what? They couldn't even tell, they wouldn't even tell me. Really? Hell no. They wouldn't tell me shit up, up in that motherfucker. That's Jennifer Lopez thing. She said that. She said this one is the lower. She said, oh shit.


This one is the lower. Oh shit. This one is this one. 2200 and this is the lower 2200. What threat count $2,000 for the sheets. Y'all have a nice, not including the shams, not including nothing really, but just the sheet. A fitted sheet and a fucking Yeah. And a flat. Yeah. Yeah, nigga. So now my girl looking at me like I'm broke. So, I gotta step it up. Now Step take me away from here. I got it. Oh well where the high thread count at? Oh, oh right there. That shit looked like where the oracle was set up in the movie. That shit had special spotlight music playing wood shelves. I touch that. Like, ooh, when 'em price of Right women came out.


Oh my lord. Then they had robes and pajamas in there. I was like Yo. Hey, hey check this out again. Lemme get a card. Thank you very much. Buy nothing. No, I didn't buy a thing. My ego to have me buy some You had to buy? Yeah. You bought, I bought. So hold you. This would've bought play like something because y'all know what I'm prepping for. Yo So. I didn't want, I wasn't buying that until I was closer to my day. I ain't putting $4,000 sheets in where I'm at. Where I ain't doing. I had to bitches sitting in the closet. I'm putting them on. First day I pour that fan out, I went in there. 'cause I tried to act like Big Dick Darryl on the mattress.


I'm not on the mattress. So when the sheets hit so cool, I walk outta there. Discipline at my age, discipline at this big age of mine. My mom sent me to Bloomingdale's for some towels. I go into Bloomingdale's up the escalator, make a left. The towel section's right there. No what's to the left of it. You guessed it. Betting shit. Big ass sign the oracle again Fred. And then my towel lady was taking a while. So I walked my ass over down there to fret touch the little blanket, man, gimme this fucking blanket. I bought the blanket. I bought the blanket and the duvet. I didn't buy the sheets. I hate Duvets didn't buy don don't do 'em either. But that fret one I hate. Duvets looked alike.


You need the, I should have it and try it before I make up. Before I make up my, I hate dova, hate debate. Covers are a motherfucking book. I hate them. Shit. I've had all of them. The ones with the string, the ones with the buttons. That shit. The ones that tried to sew it in there. I got kind of nice at it though. Now. Now I understand. Now I get it. The way that they look in the store and the way that they look, the way that they look completely different. Completely different. You gotta get your fluff game up. The way they look at the crib versus how they look at the LA is not to say, I ain't gonna lie. That is a fact. You are not lying dog. That shit is a whole different ball. But the F threat one I was talking to you look like this might be a simpler functionality. So I'll, when it's time, I'll report back with motherfucker. They gonna think it's an ad now.


Lemme tell you fans out there Fred, don't give a fuck about this part. All them niggas down on Madison, abb. I try to Yo looking for a safe. They don't give a fuck you your button. That's cool. This is 30 stacks good for you. You shut the money then. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true. How's everybody doing? Well, feeling great Man. I'm good now. I was a little fucked up last po. I was telling y'all my back was hurting and shit. So I says it got bad. So I'm like, you know what, lemme go call my doctor. Go to the doctor yesterday. Insurance is the best. Go to the doctor privilege explaining to them what's going on. And you know niggas, we get the Googling that first we can't help ourselves cancer. So it wasn't that bad.


You can't Google Yo, spinal diabetes, everything. I looked said some shit sciatica. And I'm like, all right, let me stop reading. I go to the doctor, they check me Yo, you got sciatica your nerve. So they give you a prescription. Here come the doctor. I got something else that could help you. And this one will help you immediately. See That's the doctor shit. So I'm like, well what's this? Where's Michael Keaton? The The roll thing? Steroid injection? Mm. Immediate. I'm like, oh yeah, That's, Oh cool. I was in pain bro. I was dealing about to cry. Yeah. I say it 'cause Awful. I'm like, all right, cool. He said, nah, that's not where it go though. No it does not. What you mean doc? Your sciatica runs all the way down. Did you turn around Posterior buddy?


Why? you know where sciatica run? Why you lift your leg up like that? You a freak. Exactly. Because I know where your S why you know where the sciatica is? I be knowing stuff. That Nigga said turn around, drop 'em for me. Oh wait, dropping Gimme 50. Wait, You know what Doc? It don't even hurt that bad. Now am I. Shit all right. you know I could, I could. He's like, come on, I got shot in my ass. Man. Damn Man. That shit, I, you know last When I got shot of my ass is When. I got burnt. Ah. I'm saying you know they had, they had, it was two of them. You can take it in your hand and that shit set it on fire. You can take it in ass. Whatever. Well pause. Okay. I just asked y'all if I needed to get my shades.


You know what I'm talking about though Joe. you know. you know what I'm Talking about. I never got a shot in my ass for nothing. I never even had a clo Nigga When. you have the claps nigga. They give you a needle in your ass. I never got the, I took a pill. Oh, you took a pill? Yeah. I ain't get no claps. Y'all niggas A clap brothers. All of Clap brothers. Clap Brothers Brother Valenti. Yeah. That's like the Wright brothers That you just on the ground. Nah, that shit, that shit, that shit burned. Nigga's like a spot. And you know what's so crazy? Everything You've said so far has been, I always wanted to get this out but I never told, 'cause I'm gonna get myself in trouble. But there was times where I was getting burnt and I would go to my godmother multiple times in her kitchen.


She gimme a shot in my ass. Give you a shot of what? A shot. Wait, what's the shot? She had the medicine Yo Your godmother medicine on deck. I told her what? Yeah, it's a fact. Yo net and I need that. I go right to Camia Heights. Ah, Yo. That's what's up. She ha you watch your mouth. I'm asking Yo. Speaking of burden, I had my first encounter with that bear base this weekend. Oh. I Gotta tell you that shit is effective. I was Not caught. That shit is effective. So I was driving upstate to my man's funeral and shit. My man said me Yo we're over here. Ah. Ah. I get there. It's let out time from the club. Cool. I'm out there dapping everybody up. Ah, ah.


All of a sudden you hear there go that bitch right there. Oh no. Come do something. Boom, boom. Car door slams my, my baby's smart man. She grabs my arm, pulls me away. All I hear is sound like a fucking shot vac back Then I turned around that a mushroom cloud. My man was right next to me. He got hit, he got in the car with me. My sinuses cleared out from him. Just being in the car. Yes. Shit, bro. That whole, it was probably a hundred, 150 people out there throwing up. Nothing was about to happen after that. This whole party is over. Burn. Took the fight outta It. Yeah. Everyone's throwing up everyone. Oh my God. It was, it was wild. Wow. That shit different. That shit's effective.


Jesus. You had To put milk on your face. I didn't, it didn't get me my man. He, he had to sit there. The sink contact from Basic, He had to, His face is milk. Yo supposed to just be Yo. And why you playing this? Because y'all was burning because You keep getting burned. Y'all was burning burn. How many times Did you get burnt? A couple of times my life. I got burnt. This is a family broadcast. We started with this. I mean you gotta clean your system. You gotta clean your body. You have to. Yeah. 'cause sometimes listen, When, you be in the moment you be, you know how it go When. you take a chance. It's like Russian roulette take a chance nigga. You got, you Got it When. you about to burn pussy. Feel a little creamier. It's like cream a pussy. Yeah. Tell so About it.


Nah, for real. It's like the mushroom soup. Sad. What's a cream of onion? What's that? Campbell shit. Cream mushroom. When the pussy about to fuck you up? This scream Scream a pussy. This may be reckless but burnt pussy be good. Alright. Oh Joe. Joe, you know What I'm, I've never been burned flipped Joe. I've only ever had Treche Osis that's being burned. No, that's the Prestep being burned Re niggas Because I ain't finished. Once you start telling me I had it, I ran out the doctor's office. So, I got outta there. I thought you Said When. you You said hey, email me where I gotta pick up the shit at the pills, nigga. That shit is embarrassing though. Yeah, it is. Because people start looking at you like I be thinking the doctors and shit was best all gotta go to the ker checker.


They judging me. Get your shit. That's when they used to put, they used to put the tube in your shit. I never got the Q up. I promise you all week and start. Sorry. I promise y'all we can start. We, we do not have to live like this. It's the summertime. Apologize. It's the summertime. I mean That's When. you get birth the most And niggas Man you very good Boy, boy. Great. What the, this chill Ish. You just happen to be lucky nigga. You, if you Yo, if you niggas is out there burning, y'all should cut this off. Cut this off. And makeup for makeup At this, at this age? Yes. Your Life together nigga. Yo. If You, if you are pissed this morning, had a little tension.


That little, that little little little cayenne pepper Had a little Oomph to It. you know, you know we all Woke up here a little Fizzle. Hey all. Hey Niggas said hey, real niggas out there. Yeah. That little extra fizzle, you know what I mean? And feel kind of good. But it opened nothing. If When, you went to piss this morning piss it did not shoot out in its normal trajectory. In a normal line. It don't always Be the straightest. you know what I mean? If it Had a little spray all over the place. Yeah. Cut this broadcast off. Wash your dick and called the bitch that gave it to you last night. Is That what happens? What one don't start. It sprays different. I Don't know that don't, don't start with your elitist shit.


He's right now. You, you stand like this Ish and that shit will go this way. A little stick stick tone. Fuck. It's a barricade. don don't know And. it feel kind of good too. It feel like a little That that stretch him. My nose and shit feel all right. I don. I, I miss, I missed it. When. I got cured. Nigga Zema in they dick. What's wrong? Yo is When you take, took your morning piss, it had a little oomph and you had to put that arm on the wall and just get a lean. If you had to tilt your waist back to make sure that you wasn't spraying on some shit, Yo cut the broadcast off, Throw the magazines away because those Are ruined. And change your life around now.


We ain't just talking to the niggas out there. Let's get, let's get to the hot pussies. Oh, don don't know if they, how they feel. don don't know if, if the feelings the same man Talk to the hot pussies out there. I Will not do any such motherfucking thing. Whoa. My pussy's never had a cold. Okay. I can't go to the doctor. How Damn your shit been man. Healthy. Should been healthy as hell. She's sweating And shit looking. I'm green around the fucking gills. Listening to you guys talk about shit green Around. That Sounds gross. This conversation Sounds disgusting. That sounds like, That sounds like a, sounds like a yeast infection. I'm around. Yeah, you got, you got glasses? Yeah.


It sound like I'm, if I'm doing that, I'll get my glasses. I say yeah. Let me get some glasses Joe. Oh. Oh, fucking exempt Eby over here. Alright, I'll start. Let's get it please. I will start please. Let's start. Yeah. Where's my thing? I'm a jiggy thing. You got some inspiration for to it? No, just some niggas impersonating Trump getting shot. Oh, the white boy. You can take my ears, but you cannot take my liberty. They want to cut off my ears like the Taliban. But what they don't know is my ears can grow back like SpongeBob bugging by the way. Hit me with your best shot. Why don't you? Because if that's the best you got, you're a loser. You're such a loser.


You missed so bigly by the way. You had a big opportunity. You could have made my head blow up on tv. But you didn't do that, did you? Now my ear is going to grow back bigger and better. It will have better hearing. I will hear like an owl. Oh yeah, what I said was true.


But back to what I was saying about if you had what I said was true. If you had to rank them from least funny to funniest assassination. Oh shit. Yo easy. Number one for real. He'd be out. He'd be talking shit like when it happened, he'd be doing like a rally. He'd be out. My opponent's gay. I walked in, I saw him, I said, wow, this guy's gay. The shooter would be coming out. He'd be like, sit down, you are gay. You gay get hit. He'd definitely make a funny noise into the, like he'd get hit like, ah, he'd fall funny When, you alright?


Alright. So happy to be here with y'all today, man. Make some noise for yourself out there. There I always for the ladies. Always for the ladies out there. And you say New York City, It's so funny.


Alright, It has All the fellas outside. Got away from the family. I saw y'all niggas tweeting to me last week. Everybody at the mechanic at the car wash in the bathroom. Hiding in the car, hiding at the supermarket. We with you My brother. We with you Care. Everybody listening to this with they partner. Don't laugh too hard. Don't get jammed up in a beautiful week. And it. Hey, That's what else, All the players out there, all the young niggas out there, the scam out there.


Yummy old nigga. They ain't call you for this male, they call you. Hey, let's Keep that applause going for the best cast in the entire universe. Come on man. Keep that applause going. Let me hit these drops. Come on. Lemme hit these drops. Let's keep that applause going out there.


Flip and Mel. Mel Mel. Shout out to the first and last time. Listeners, shout out to whoever's listening wherever you are listening. We are so happy to be here. So blessed, blessed, blessed and highly favored. Welcome to episode 742. 7 42 of the JBPI Am Your highly favored, blessed, grateful, optimistic, mystic. Compassionate, passionate, fresh from the Bergdorf Sleepover sale. That was good. That was good Fox. Yeah, it looked like that.


It listen, it's hot outside. Gotta get TLC shit back. Oh shit. Oh, oh, oh. Parks is my man. You different. You different. Alright. Shit. You got that off. Mental note. Oh man. What, what was I doing just now? Episode 7.2, yada, yada, yada yada. I meet, listen, tell I Right. The beautiful, the intelligent Melyssa Ford is in the building. Hootie hoo to her. Right. Big flip Dumbo's Finest. Welcome, welcome. Queen Flip Queen. Flip the building. Queen Flip in the building to his right issues here.


Carolina Blue Kick Hot. His nigga the block used bicycle roller skate since I was six. Got the best of him. Finally found a hoodie short set that, that's, that Ish does not produce big libraries in the building. Come on, stop playing with him. Oh shit. Stop playing with him. Ain't a play. He ain't booked. Booked to go see yet. Stop playing. You. You knew Balanced out nigga. Stop playing with him. He knew. Balanced out. He got the whole, I never seen a nigga. Nah, he looked fly. He didn't Young nigga the socks though. He still uses droopy socks. Yeah. Yeah. He didn't, whole outfit was fresh. But the socks shit. Got a new balanced socks to mow the lawn joint. Yeah. Them, yeah, them socks. Shit that the mow suck.


Why you skip the socks? Yo bro. You look good. You look good. They freeze. Dumb shits was in the bottom of the couch somewhere. Shit in the bottom dresser to his right. Dedicated fucking goofy ball. The greatest, Elizabeth's finest. Big freeze is in the building. Big freeze. Killing his socks. He did it right. And none other than last. But certainly not least, let's get it big, big Myra's fine. It's big Parks in the buildings up. Big Parks in the building. Let's, let's, let's go.


Happy to be here. Who's the other side of the pillow? Man? Amani is on the side. Scared of Trump. Corey is here. Scared of the young girl. Big PO is here. Jersey PO is here. Ericson is here. What up? How's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling? What up? What it look like? Feeling the good. What it look like? What up? Y'all ready to work? Y'all ready to work, man. How's everybody's weekend? Mine was real quiet actually. I, I, I stayed in the indoors all weekend. It was too fucking hot. Can't move around after you got shot in the ass. You know I Had a little, didn't want your ass to start sweating and heat up a little bit. Yo. I ain't gonna Fuck. That was my, I'm like, Yo. I hope, because I know you had got, you know, you had a little bruise. I'm like, what if my, Well nobody would see it.


Who? Nigga. I would feel it. When. I sit. I wanna sit down and feel my ass hurting. When. I. Sit False Again. Yikes. Yeah. I was just like, But it worked Out. That shit worked though. I can't even fart. So. I ain't at a doc. I got a good night's sleep yesterday for the first time in like a week. I ain't do too much. Friday night. Stepped out, threw a lot of money in the air. Saturday I ran with E and Mel to Nice Angie's Barbecue. Shout Angie Martinez. Love you friend of the show. I used the plus one. Yeah. Oh shit. Yeah, because I didn't even know about Angie's barbecue until Mel told me that morning.


And Mel don't text me on no Saturday morning. So, Hey, what are you doing? Yeah, Mel come to barbecue with me. Mel. Yeah. That just me. Yeah. I need a Let's ride. I need a, I need a ride, nigga. What's up? Oh shit. So now I hit Angie like, Hey, I didn't get the fancy invite this year that I normally get. And then she said some shit and made me feel better. And we ran over there. So we, we ran over there. Man, really good times. Shout out to all the Patronis and podcast fans that Mel myself and E bumped into over there. Cheryl used to. You stood out. You were hilarious. Shout Cheryl. But yeah, a lot of performances. I'm old. So. I forgot that they even do performances at Angie.


Shit. All of the artists established up and coming. Their teams, the influencers. The sweetie Performed Sweetie. Remy Capella. Honey, honey, baby. Shout out to Honey. Baby don don't know because I didn't see any of them. Yeah, We could, I didn't see neither one of them. Didn't they outside or something? They was over there with people. Oh, okay. People was there. Got it. It was very peopley. I So you stayed away from it. It was, what the fuck we did, we stayed in the V-I-V-I-P section. The VIVI. And we being nice right now. Read between the lines. I, we saying people was there, but the commoners.


Yeah. You can't be real now. Mel. Shut up. Mel. Stop talking now. Shut up. Say the other. I'm gonna put my fucking glasses on. Say The other one. No, come on. Join me. No. Join. Say the other one. What it is. Come on. Who? No, they will kill me. It's okay. Was it the bro? No. No. It the pores, The nor Niggas starts with a P. Oh, come on Mel. Come on. Pop. Peasants. The poppers. Oh shit. Oh shit. Shit. Pop Mel. And don't look at me Mel. You said do not look at me. Don't look at me. It's, it's all Mr. you know, bedroom over here. I feel like Imani was most the people. No. I didn. And we need to talk about that. No, no.


We do need to talk about that. Yes. Imani still wants to look grounded. Right? He is, but He is grounded up. Ammani is in there taking demos. I would've been with Imani Taking demo. Fire Sticks flyers. Fire Sticks Are giving vocal lessons. He's talking to the publicist. The a and r, the label. No, use Your diaphragm. Yeah. He trying to be, he, he's still trying to be in the music business. But me and Mel are bougie. Trying, Trying to get somebody publishing. So the mix, the mix was like, ugh. So no, I don't know who was on the stage. When Ma de Dawn came over to me, mad, excited talking about Yo. You missed my performance. I said yeah, you and everybody else. I'm not seeing none of y'all. Mm.


Because don don't know how to lie too. Now don don't know how to lie. Yeah, Yeah. Shout to Ma de Dawn. She said so September on the 30th of this, the month. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Shout out. Shout out. Guess she was Effective. There you go. She's at sob. See and I don't even know how to communicate with new arts. She like Yeah man. So B'S the 30th. It this month you gonna come after your tickets. Excuse me. It's okay. I, I'm sure I'll be able to get in Sobs. Like I should be in Hall of Fame in sbs. You should. You should. Facts. Hey, the day that my face walking up to the door in BS can't get in, let me know. So. I can shake shit up too. Nigga.


Lemme know So I can shake shit up. That somebody Don baby, everybody else we So. I shout to Fresher. So fresh up there. Okay. Okay. Who else shout the Heineken. So we saw up there Remy again. Who else? Who else there? A lot of people up there seen. My guy DB Was out there running around. you know DB don't miss. Oh, HOV Hobe. Miss Arm Day. Ho. Hey Hobe, you ain't miss Arm day. Ho. Oh, oh. I be going Mova still going. No, I still going. Mova at some point in Jersey City, he was hova. I feel like he, he wasn't. And then there was Hova. Rest in peace. Hova Rest in peace. Rest In peace. Hova. Well I ain't never calling HOV db. He ain't miss an arm day yet. Any walking around in there with the sleeveless with a cutoff. I saw him Yo. You muscle niggas Yo. The niggas getting annoyed.


Hove my man. But you muscle niggas that ain't skipped arm day and y'all on creatine and all this other shit. Get sleeves with your fucking shirt nigga ho. Come on. Come on man. They could Be at tight sleeves. Yeah, but you still see the muscle sleeve Sleeves. Sleeves with goat. Yeah. Tight sleeves. Niggas be, If Ho is around, I feel like we good. I feel like me and Ho could take at least six people. I feel like that. Okay. Damn. It wasn't important to the bond. I'm just saying. No Doubt. I'm done with you. Take, take more than six. I think we get a few niggas. I'm just saying. 'cause he, he, he ain't, he ain't by himself in there. Oh no. That nigga, nigga on Ola. Yeah. Nevermind. Anyway.


How was, how was, how was Mel's, you know, behavior at the barbecue. Behavior Mel, what can I say about my sister mad? The one that we love tremendously. Don't worry. Mel Melodies out there. Melodies from heaven. This is not a dog pal on Mel at me. That T Tre actually Tre, actually we bonded. Anytime me and Mel go out outside of this thing, we bond Luther. I feel like we get a little bit closer. Agreed. So I. Now understand and ha and have a lot of grace for why Mel don't come on here and talk and like, give her real thoughts and opinions and share and why She takes a long time answering questions. Why she's, why she meanders like I am a audience.


I am super clear. I have no misunderstandings as to why Melyssa Ford takes her time amongst us. That's what I can say. Okay. That's, that's what I can say without spilling tea. This nigga is worse than me on the map. Oh, hey, I can't lie to you. This little Miss Mama is worse than me on the mouth. P Oh, I can see it. It's bad. Women are, women are bad. It's when they get their bad women will. And she not ugly. So she, she can't, it's say the things that she'd be saying, they would get her out the game again.


It's to be like, girl, girl. I bumped into one of my favorite segments when I'm out with Mel. What's the name of this segment? Memory Lane on black music Culture hits. The last one was Ha the last one. It was Ha Oh my god, you guys, the very first time that I heard juvenile. Ha Oh my god. I laughed for 90 minutes straight. So this time it was while we were bonding, while the Merlo was in the time, it was, oh my God, you guys When I got the call.


She was giving me a little bit of her videography and some of the And it you guys, When I tell you When I got the call. When I got the call to do Hush When. I got the call to do Yin yang twins. Shush. Oh, shush. Oh no. When. I got the call to do what was it? Hush. Yeah. Or it was hush or shush by the yin yang twins. What? Me and Amani are like, wait, you mean the wig, the whisper whisper whisper song. Whisper the whisper song. You mean the whisper song? Girl, don't touch me man. Call that shit. Hush. Shush, shush, shush, shush.


A library. She Is such a fucking goofy. Yo say wake up man. That's funny. It's all right. It's all, that's all I'm sharing. That's all I'm sharing. don don't have no more. Everything else. I'm taking it to the grave. Okay. I'm taking it to the grave. But we had a really good time. Really good time. S came out. Shout out to s Shout to s came out. Fuck with us for a little bit. Listen. No, no, no. Point in meandering around here. Woo Trump. Yeah, that was because That happened while we was out. Yeah. That happened while we was out. I, I do wanna say rest in peace to, before we go any further to Jacoby Jones. Yeah. I wanna say rest in peace to Richard Simmons. I wanna say rest in peace to Dr.


Ruth. That one hurt my family to its core. That one I thought was a lie. When I. Read it. Dr. Ruth. I mean she, she, yeah, She, we fucked with Dr. Ruth coming up. Yes, we did Richard Simmons too, but Dr. Ruth. Yeah. It was a lot. My mom was really hurt. Like a black person died. Yeah. That was heartbreaking. My mom was fucked up when, when Dr. Roof died. Rest in peace to Dr. Roof. Joe Bryant. Joe Bryant, rest in peace to him as well. Shannon Doherty. Shannon Doherty. Yeah. That one hurt me as well as a huge fan of Charmed and 9 0 2 1. Oh Shelley Duval from The Shining. What about my favorite movie ever? Right. The Shining is your favorite movie Ever. Absolutely. That's it. A great, it's a great movie. The Kid from Elf, Benji Gregory Oh.


wow. Damn. It was a lot this weekend. Wow. Someone passed assassination. Yeah. The gentleman, the Five, the former fire was Corey Compe, excuse me, comparator. He was the one who passed away at the Trump assassination attempt. Well that we will get into rest in peace to all of those people. Prayer thoughts and condolences to their fans, family and friends. Of course. Alright. Trump attempted assassination. That is my intro to this because I have very radical views and I would like to remain off of blogs and socials.


You know, that's gonna be impossible. Well now if I let y'all talk, that's, that's five of y'all. When Imani come, that'll be six. I won't come sit over there with you. You want the shade again? Right. There was an attempted Trump assassination on that was Saturday. Saturday. Saturday. Yeah. Trump got shot in his ear. They caught the dude, Timothy Woods, I think is his name. Year old. 20-year-old. This is out in Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. This is a red state, right? Or was it blue last time? No, it's red. It's a, this is a red state. Timothy Woods they're saying was a Trump supporter. I think we took Pennsylvania.


It's a Pennsylvania, it's Yeah, we a swing Pennsylvania. He was registered as a Republican. He was registered as a Republican. They dug up some old shit that says he was a Trump guy through and through. They interviewed his neighbors. They also have him in a Black Rock commercial. I saw that. Really? Yeah. They have Timothy Woods in a Black Rock commercial. He went up there with some fancy rifle on a building that didn't look too far from where Trump was at. Yeah. It's crazy that that even could happen. Didn't look too high either. They watched him climb up there. See there's reports that say the cop seen it, civilians saw it.


Onlooker saw it. Everybody screamed. Hey, this nigga right here is bugging. He's got a gun, he's climbing up here. He's up to something. And we know What Happened from there. So that's my intro. Take it away. It's somebody more responsible than me. So, Okay. Alright. Oh, Don, go ahead. You go ahead. How Potato When I When I When I first heard the report. you know, I like a lot of people was like, all right, this is staged. Yeah's the first thing I immediately said, like, this is stage. How does this happen? Like you got Secret Service everywhere. And like you said, you hear the reports of them. Like there were people, Hey we saw the guy climbing. We tried to warn him, this looks like a ploy.


And I've, I've watched 24, I've watched all these shows where Scandal, all of this shit House the cards. Yeah. When we need to pull 24 Is the one that ruined me. I can't see stuff like this. Having seen all the 24 like I Agree. Because they did this. They yeah, literally they did this exactly And. it didn't go the way they telling us it went. But don don't wanna be the guy that's getting my shit from 20 fours when the show up. But that tanks you a little bit and watching it, you know, you see this stuff play out. So, I didn't, don Don't believe nothing ever About anything. Exactly. But a presidential or a presidential candidate assassination attempt happening in 2024 just seems like this can't happen. you know, I did see some, some gentlemen who previously worked in Secret Service Agency and stuff, and they were like, he froze like the, the, the, the sniper that saw him froze.


'cause in that moment they say you have a fight or flight mentality. He said one of 'em is also freeze. You froze because in today, if it was just somebody climbing up there, what if he wasn't armed and you just shot an unarmed man? That type of news. So it's like, I don't really know what to do in the moment, but I, I, I disagree with all that. That bullshit. Yeah. I disagree because you're, because you're a sniper, you're a trained professional. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So this is your job. Yeah. You train for this moment right here. So my take off the bat was, oh this is fake. This is, you know, let him do something else that just makes him look like the superhero. Even the picture afterwards. Crazy. Even the way the Secret Service rushed him afterwards looked weird to me. Hmm. Normally they get you down immediately. They move arms, they moving like this. Put his arm up.


Yeah. Yeah. This looked like, let's capture this moment. This is gonna be a, his poster going forward now. Oh, absolutely. It's iconic photo. Yes. Immediately this literally fight, fight something. Then I heard the report that he wasn't hit. It was the teleprompter shit. Yeah. But then I jumped to the other side where I'm like, alright, somebody did really lose their life. Exactly. Thousand. So once that part happens, don don't want to downplay that. Now I felt well and one or two responsible to injured as well. This well Is all fake. Well also nothing. Nothing. If they staged all that shit, the likely like it, the shot was so close that the margin for error is a little bit hard to believe at that stage.


you know what I'm saying? If someone sneezed or fucking had it butched, it's over Fam. Somebody climbed up a building, set up a Rifle in a small town where there's probably not too much in the And that's true. Wait, No. With the people saying, look, look, Look. Exactly. They had the cops moving the people away from where all it Should be. They said a cop went up there to check 'em and dude pointed the rifle at 'em at the end and he walked away. Booked. Walked. Yeah. Look and all of that happened. But the trained assassin niggas that are the secret service that sat on the building froze. What? Freezing. You had seconds. Damn near a minute. If a, if a, if that's true. You had more than ample time at that point.


These niggas be on walkie talkies radios. I remember who the fuck was the president? Somebody was the president at? Take Us back to Reagan. Man. No. A school that I was going to at the time. Ah bro. Them niggas come out a week in advance. Yes. Like that. They don't, they take that shit seriously, bro. Like they canvas the whole area. Dog. It be niggas in the stands that be secret service that'll have the shirts on. They like that shit is real. They be everywhere. Them niggas be in the bushes. That don't happen. don don't even think they have one sniper. The Secret Service niggas be having niggas in multiple positions. Of course ready for some shit like this. Yeah. Like that shit ain't don don't wanna be insensitive 'cause somebody lost their life. I just don't look at that shit.


Like that shit is real. But see the other, the other way I looked at it, I'm sorry, is it might not have been planned. I think they saw it happening and some people were ordered to turn, turn, stand down. Yeah. Look the other way that could Happen too. A, a report came in with the head sniper that, that shot, he stated that he was waiting for the queue from the higher ups to give him the queue to shoot. He said he told him a report came in where he said, I'm the guy in the picture. I was waiting for I guess the, okay, the okay to, I told him that there's a guy with a rifle. I was waiting for the okay. And I got nothing. So He said it was about eight sh eight shots too late. How many shots did he get off? It was quite, It was a few. It was a bunch. Yeah. It was like five or six. Really?


More than five. It was a bunch. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it sounded like popcorn. That's the other thing. It sounded mad weird. What I, and when my first, I'm sorry. Flip one of my first thoughts about, I don't, I, I don't know about white people's mix, but a lot of y'all just didn't know how to duck. That was my very first thought. Like if somebody is letting loose Ground, I know that. Back up on that one. Be careful. Yeah, yeah. Back up from that one. But I just would've thought that the people behind him would know how to duck a little better. I'm not with the conspiracy, the theory dudes that's highlighting that one white girl that they saying ducked ahead of time and then popped back up and then got on the phone while they were shooting.


I'm not into all that. I'm talking about most of them behind him as a whole. Just didn't seem to, maybe they never heard X stop dropping rope. Niggas crazy. I, that was just weird to me. 'cause I feel like a lot of 'em Republican niggas are NRA gun rights people. They are. So they ain't been in them situations either though. Oh, you don't know what they do in them situations. Yeah. And like you said, them shots sounded differently and again, that secret service reaction did not look like a typical reaction. It did. Not even a little bit. I mean it Looked different though. Ever, ever since JFK was assassinated, the Secret Service has developed protocol where like Ish said, they go out way in advance.


Of course they assess every single kind of vulnerability bro. And threat. And the number one thing they look at is rooftops rooftop Windows. Like To look at the situation and say that secret service missed all of this. That just doesn't make any sense to me. Now there was another, hold on. There was just another thing that I thought. I'm like this 20-year-old kid who we know absolutely nothing about. And apparently he has a rifle and apparently, you know, from what I've read, he was about a football field and a half away. Where does a 20-year-old end up becoming like an expert marksman. Why? Whereby a hair. He misses Trump's head and gets his ear. Oh not, You know what I mean?


Rural Pennsylvania, that's all they do is shoot guns to Okay. So I. Guess a little bit more information has a little bit more information has to come out about this guy because No, because he Got, they say he got the gun from his dad. They said his dad trained him. They said that he was part of the gun rifle team is gun. I didn't even know there was gun teams either. No, that shit's kind of normal. We Up in rural, rural in the rural areas, bro. My little cousins down south, we used to shoot, be shooting squirrels. They 16 and 17 and be shooting squirrels with 22 rifles. Slow down your And they're teenage years. I don want us to have like assassination bomb. No, no, no. I want us to cover all of this. My question to y'all is if there's a rifle team, right? Like for us, for us in high school, there was a basketball team and you get uprooted to college and you get uprooted.


What, what is the uproot for people on the gun team? I'm asking, it Could be as simple as they just wanna be better hunters. Yeah. And there's competitions and shit out there too. Yeah. There is shooting competitions. They could, they could up Someone being very good at shooting is not a farfetched thing. Yeah. Lemme Just say that. I'm not saying that. Yeah. So is there not up group, but there might be another upside is Olympic's Olympic shooting and shit. He's Right. But there could be another side to that too, is recruitment. That's what I'm getting at. That's true. Okay. You're really good. That's, I'm getting at, let's get you and train you over. If you telling me, if you're telling me that there's a rifle team, then I'm telling you that that's, there's a recruitment somewhere. I believe that a hundred percent. Yeah. I wouldn't be smart 20 years old. I don't give a fuck. If your dad gave you the gun, you've been practicing shooting and you on the gun team to, to a shot at that distance is going to require a lot of hours.


And you're pretty accurate and that, and you're pretty accurate. But that just goes to my point because now as a 20-year-old, but When, you shooting at that distance, you gotta take into account win the win wind velocity, all of that shit. It is not just, you got up there and start shooting, nigga you had to plot video. Yeah, it's not now that, now that, that's my radical thought. Okay. By the way, that's not that radical. My, my radical thought is that yeah, he was the gunman, but who did he work for? I felt what, what, hold up flip. What company is behind this? I see a lot of people going with the staged theory, but loss of life got people off of that thinking.


I just think that that was the wrong word. That doesn't get me off that Neither does, neither me. Not Staged but arranged. Yes, yes, yes. Planned staged sounds like this is fake. Yes. That's the implication. That's where I'm at. But this is arranged. I got this as organized. I have this as, and unfortunately I've seen enough. 24 in that world, loss of life is just looked at as casual as a casual collateral. That's, hey we, we we, they, they actually killed, we killed two people. How many people died? One, one died. One died plus the diamond.


And then a couple of other people were Injured, couple people were injured. If that is our, our casualty war from us attempting to blow a former president's head off on television. I feel like whoever's backing this will take that. Or if we're taking it from the other angle, if that's gonna help us win this election by making you look like a superhero invincible man, we'll take also We'll take it. See now that's the part I'm conflicted about. Why? Why? Because ever since the debate he's, he's been off, there is no reason for exactly Trump to orchestrate this type of fake assassination. He was all the way up. Wait, every metric everywhere said this guy's up we're predicting him to win and we're waiting for his opponent to fall off and their party don't even have anybody to take his place.


Yeah, but there's still, they talking about Kamala taking his place. Yeah. Why would that person, sometimes When you're up you hit the gas. Exactly. And there's six months left in the election and there's people who are still up and down, up and down and decide, you know, it's four months now. Four months, sorry. But there's people who decide up until the very minute that they walk into the poll booth who they're going to vote for. you know? So this was just literally like a sealed deal kind of situation. And in all honesty, I've been doing like a little bit of research. I the arrangement ca, you know, has more legs to me. When, I hear that Trump is really, really good friends with Bolsonaro. He's the former president of Brazil.


And when he was on the campaign trail, he was attacked by a lone wolf attacker. So there was an assassination attempt on his life. I Remember that. Yeah. And so from what I understand, it just, it is just crazy convenient that they seemed to have met up like a week before all of this had happened. And Bolsonaro that literally sealed the deal for Bolsonaro. He won the election after this by a landslide. Now he's like the former president because he's being investigated for wild corruption. I also can, I'm sorry, I also can't get over If this is a Trump plan then the actual shooter don't end up dead to me. No.


Fuck that. Of course he does. So he can't Speak. Yeah, you do. Whatcha talking? He's a loose end at that point. You gotta, you take side, you got, that's the first person go. You have to tie up the loose end because now it dies with him. You never saw a shooter with Marky Mark. Yeah, I saw that. You gonna tie up every single loose and not only you going to tie up all of loose ends. Yes. And Not only that, look at what we stopped talking about. Okay. I believe those to be real bullets that went to Trump. Yes, for sure. I don't believe those to be BB guns. I don't believe that either. If it's a Trump plan, I don't see himself writing a dope shooter. Get close to my head in the script. Hey, if It's a Trump plan, he could, he could WWE e that shit. The bullet might not even touch them in WWE e you hit somebody, they dropped down, they blade So I stop bleeding.


He went down and hide the blood himself Blade something could have Happened. That's what I'm, I don't that If it's a Plan though. I'm just saying if Might it just sounds a lot more feasible that the nigga that got his ass kicked at the debate and they looking for a hey them niggas are gonna win We nothing. we need a hail Mary right now. The hail Mary seemed like take him out. Shoot him. That's how, that's what I was saying. That sound like it make more sense than this other cock maybe Shit. We'll and we'll go get somebody that's a stark Trump supporter to make it look like it wasn't somebody Yo No. They was gonna blow his head off on TV in front of us. Yes. Like if you subscribe to my, my thing, I believed that. I believed it was almost lights out. If he didn't look and start talking thems if he did that little head turn, they showed it saved his as the migrants.


The migrants saved. The migrants saved his death. But imagine what they were planning to do. That's not a 20-year-old plan. And he Ain't do that by that kid. Ain't go by Himself. No, I ain't, that's the part that I Can't roll with. Lemme ask you a question. Give it to me. The dude supposedly is a proficient shooter. Y'all said he let off more than five shots. So you think all five shots missed? Well no. Maybe the one I think that the proficient shooters first shot was dead on until a homie moved his head a certain way. And now I think it's frantic time for shooter. Now you so now, now just trying to, yeah, now he just trying to, I think his first one was dead on by the grace of God.


Yeah. Like this. You terrible. That's just what I think. I believe I, I can't about it. I haven't seen any reconstructions of the way that, you know, from the shooter to the podium and everybody behind. But I'd be really interested to know where the former fire chief, where his seat was during this whole thing. 'cause I haven't really seen footage of that. It's almost like they're burying that. It's like, okay, somebody died. So it was real. But we don't know where he was at. But we don't know anything about where he was sitting. There's load. We didn't, we Don't well shot. Hit him. Exactly. Yeah. And then the other thing is, notice what we're not talking about anymore. We're not talking about the fact that Trump was convicted on all charges in his last trial. We're not talking about the fact that the Supreme Court, you know, ruled that he's immunity.


He dismissed the immunity. Exactly. They just dismissed, dismissed dismiss the, the January 6th trial. Like we're not talking about any of that because we're focused on this. And that to me was another purpose for this happening. That's good point. And and gives more legs to this being an arrangement In some fashion it looks, this Can't happen without somebody signing off On it. It looked fact, no matter what side did it, in 24, the nigga that is tasked with the assassination don't never set up in plain view in the public. No. Surrounded by fans. They be in a building small window. The table wasn't. What's Also interesting about it too, too to me is that I think that they said it was an AR style rifle.


Which would be the, that wouldn't be the rifle. That's Not, that's not rifle of a Snip sniper rifle. Yeah, That's not, that's not a sniper rifle. It's not a sniper rifle Shit. He came close enough Supposedly If That would've been the Fucking, no You don't think that was a bullet? Do y'all remember when Trump was president? Can you ask me? I don't think he got hit in his ear with a bullet. Absolutely not. If you had to ask me. No. So what do you think? You think he believed himself Or was it the glass one? It could have been anything. Could have been somebody scratch him. What I'm saying is, y'all remember the picture Polls lends me to what you saying because even if he wanted to take that photo op damn secret service, They not supposed To let Him. This happened before when he was the president of the United States, something had happened where a dude jumped up and did some bullshit and a loud noise went off.


my nigga, they remember they tackle daddy nigga. Yeah, I remember. And covered him up. I remember they not gonna let him stand up and fight. He's still exposed. What are we talking about? It could be multiple shoots if we got a sniper out there, his face sticking out the nigga's arms, you chicken food. The nigga who had the dude who had to put his arm up to block Trump face, he pulled back a little bit. Exactly. He did. He did pull back. We need, need to get this shot. I need a hand. We need To get this shot. Trump Was also like, let Get my shoe. We need to get this shot. Move. Don't have your hand blocking. We have a photographer here. Come on dog. Shot Shot. Good shot too. I thought Silva took that shit. That was a, that was a great Photograph. And how quickly did merch start to come out? Saturday Night He's sang fight like come on, we've rehearsed this my nigga.


What are we talking about? This narcissistic nigga gonna be sticking his head through the thinging saying, fight, fight. Come on dog. You just had somebody we smarter than that. Your brains up Smarter I don. I don't believe none of it smarter than that. My heart goes out to That lost injured And the family that, and the family that wrote the post about, hey, my dad was a hero. He jumped in front of me and my mom when shots started going out. Like who knows where that bullet would've been if he hadn't done that. My dad died a hero. Like I'm with all that and I feel that and my heart goes out. Sure did. But yeah, this is The wife. The wife refused to take Biden's phone call. She wasn't Talking. Trump ain't, Trump ain't stopped by to visit the family of dude that died to nothing.


He just been on the go straight to Milwaukee, straight to the RC straight to road. He was golfing the next day. Straight to golfing. Yeah, they Was reporting like he was still gonna show up at the UFC fight that night. They was like Yo, he's not stopping. That's crazy. Wild times we're living in right now. Very Too enough Shit. Buckle up. Yeah, We ain't nothing. Buckle up buddy. They tried to knock him off about, this is about this way. Wild. You thought the last four years was wild Shit. Class eight Is Is real. Yeah. But that trump, them Trump years. I thought about that the other day. I'm like, damn, maybe the cops just stopped killing people all of a sudden. They don't really hear about it every week like we did for four years.


No, they just waiting. Y'all gonna learn. I don't really understand black people that support Trump. Nah, no. don don't be understanding I don some of my niggas. That's hood niggas Because they getting money. Trump, Trump. I'm talking about street niggas, right? Bonafide street niggas. He's talking about potentially giving granting immunity to all blanket immunity. Action. Blanket Immunity to cops. Blanket Immunity should scare anybody. But niggas when they start getting they heads knocked off, I don't want to hear shit. I don't wanna hear nothing. All the black people that's talking about voting for him and all of that shit, I don't want to hear Yo police brutality and all that goofy shit. 'cause y'all sat here and said Yo. Oh, Not only that but not only that, there's like a written amendment in that project 2025 thing.


It is. That is crazy. That is making it so that it will be that peaceful pro protesting will be made to be illegal and the National Guard can get called out and You can be fucking shot. And guess what? There will be no repercussions to law enforcement. Yeah Man. Trump had the National Guard on speed dial last time. Boy. Yeah. So now we done passed some new legislation. Y'all gonna learn. Y'all gonna learn. He going, he waving them checks in front of people. He waving a better tax whatever in front of people. But y'all are gonna, Even that part the funny part with that right? When, you start talking about taxes and how they affect the common man. None of these tax laws going to benefit niggas that's talking about it. Nope. What are we talking about?


I think most of these people don't make no fucking money. So whatever tax benefits that Trump implements, it ain't gonna be, it's gonna be beneficial to you. It's, I think Trump got a lot of the, I ain't gonna Trump. It's not a lot of use. That's not true. It's more not used than use Way more. we know that part. No, It's not even close to a lot of use. When. you start talking percentage base. No, I'm just saying When. you saying percentage base. A lot of the people that I hear that be Trump, Trump, Trump my nigga, you don't even make no bread. He gonna do better for the taxes. I see a lot of niggas outside. I think Trump got us with the jail reforms and freeing niggas bro. I think that's what you know And the stimulus checks. Yeah And Which was really money stimulus checks. Yeah. A lot of niggas they high like that.


That Yo dog. you know that's what fucked the economy up. Right. Amber Rose got on the, We'll get to Amber Rose. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We'll get to Amber Rose. All I know about politics is that black people need to hold their vote hostage and then negotiate with America. Which is what I, which is what Ice Cube tried to do. That's all I know and got killed for. That's exactly what Ice Cube was trying to say. Yo, I want to hear y'all, both of y'all break down. How fuck everybody else? How will y'all benefit black people? Abe? Some. Some. That's not why Cube got killed. Cube got killed for Sitting with Trump. Ultimately people thinking that he might've had ulterior motives when he got behind the, the closed door. Same way Kanye got killed when he first met with Trump. When we didn't know nothing about nothing.


They tied ice cubes, ties to his business partner who was a rep for You gotta Google it yourself 'cause don don't remember but But I'm just saying what? Presenting the whole, as long as we can remember black people have been taught to just follow Democrat. When. I first learned about voting. My first time voting, it was literally, I don't even know the rest of the people on this slate. Walk in there and press Democrat. Democrat. That's what all down, All the way down. That's what they taught Me when Dukakis was up there. Fumbling. You don't know this shit. I'm looking at the TV like, nah nah Mike. Nah Mike looking shaky. Dukakis. So yeah, cus couldn't do it for me. So that's what started to happen though is is basically what you're saying. A lot of people were saying wait, What year Du was like 80.


He 88? No. 90 something. 92. No, I feel like he was 88. He was against Bush. Mike was Cus Yeah. That's funny. Yo one of my homegirls, she black. She was a Oh a Republican. No, no. She look at you, look at that expanding rebrand. Oh, a black friend, She's a Republican. She owns a Republican consultant agency. There we go. Get back on, get back on bread. That's why I mentioned the black Yo. She used to be like dog, we all voting Democrat so they know they don't gotta earn your vote. You understand what I'm saying? you know who the Democrats be sucking dick.


They suck the Hispanics dick 'cause they don't know them. They swing. The Hispanics could go Republican, they could go Democrat. So they'll be in North Newark giving them niggas anything they want. They know they already got our vote. So it's like the chick that you know You can fuck whenever you feel like it. You don't gotta spill her flowers. You got it in the bag. You don't gotta court her. You got it Like Yo, I'm gonna call you at three 30 or open the door. And that's how, that's how we are for the Democrats. Right? Nigga I Thats serious. This shit he compare shit to is so crazy. There's always fucking or money. I get it. I got it. When you first said it Nigga, they don't have to court us. They're doing it to all the black people who have audience. They are stepping to them trying to negotiate to get them the influence to black vote. Please don't ask me how I know.


But that's happening out there. I could see It. They stepping The niggas. Listen, lemme tell you something, that Amber Rose bag is a big one for the people out there that are shitting on Amber Rose. And, and trust me, I'm about to do the same in about three minutes. But, but I understand me too that she got a really, really, really big bag to totally disregard her organizing slut walks for women's rights. That's what was so crazy To me though bro. That's the craziest part. That is the craziest no bigger than that. That's the the hypocritical piece. Even on the Republican behalf. You good country southern values. This Nigga's wife was a penthouse centerfold. Yeah, You did that too. Well date this Fucking Michelle Obama for wearing a sleeveless dress.


But she classy a pussy. Been in penthouse. What are we talking about fam? Amber, who's Been penthouse? Donald Trump's wife. Oh I thought Amber, I about be that penthouse. Yeah. Newstands husband. Fuck you talking about. Go ahead. That is true. That is yeah. Top one. But what I'm saying is like Amber wrote no disrespect to Amber Rose Yo, you organized something called the slut walk. She did. So for all of these middle Americans that hold, hold so true to they values. This is a direct contradiction to what y'all proposed values are. Allegedly. Or Amber, you sell out Or y'all don't give a fuck about that. Them really not y'all values.


Y'all just picking a team to pick a team and y'all using this as the justification. No. You took a bag. Somebody said not Her. No, you talking, talking about the Republican party. Oh, you know what I'm saying? Like get the fuck outta here dog. don don't want to hear that Dog. They snatching women's reproductive rights and Amber is up there. Lemme tell you what she said. I heard the old, I heard. Yep. I got a clip they had, they ran it all day. Niggas are still fuck Amber. I mean I don't want you to get this pod talk confused. Niggas are still not, niggas are still nigga not niggas are beat that right wing ass to their ground. And I hate, Hey nigga, she looked amazing up up there too. Oh my nigga are knock her socks on. She came from Turks before this speech. Oh my Lord. If I'm Trump, you coming right over to the golf. You coming golfing.


You are coming golfing. Little Miss Mama. You gonna be Mar Largo? No, Amber still look good. I'm about to shit on her. But don't, don't sleep. She did per Don don't sleep. Amber looks good. She's beautiful. That is a fine little. She's a Republican, hypocrite Republican girl. And if she show up right now, I won't say nothing I'm saying at all. I don't want to seem phony. Fight The power. You know if she show up right now, you got one. Right. You be Republican. I ain't gonna say nothing. I'm saying you'd be Republican. Right? I wouldn't be Republican 'cause I have more discipline and integrity and more of a backbone than people out there. There's no number that they could offer me to switch sides. There's no number. They go offer me shit. The niggas that even go on they little platforms and say how they feel for free, I think that's wrong.


I think it's all wrong. I ain't gonna hold you. Now let me find Amber's ingham thing of Ma jiggy. This nigga is nuts. This niggas black, people that go on they platforms and say I am endorsing such and such candidate with no return, no negotiation, no conversation to be had. I think that's wrong. Is what I'm saying. Why? I understand what you said. I I got it. Why Isn't that integrity, the integrity that you speak of. Mm. Not being, not being paid. The integrity I speak of is not giving anybody what they want. Holding your vote, trying to form some type of unified front with enough people to make a difference. And then speaking to the people that America's all about negotiation. It is. I I learned that in my, in my forties Negotiation and litigation.


Yes, absolutely. That is it To just continue. So no, I'm never for free telling you what I'm about to do. The same people that's trying to pay me to influence people to tell 'em What I'm about do. But some people would say that their I their integrity dictates that money can't buy them. Yeah. That they, I can't be bought. This is, this is my true feelings based on my moral assessment. But those people are wrong. I'm saying that. I, I think I'm saying I think those people are wrong. Okay. I'm saying we need enough of those people to go get together in the clubhouse. Like fucking they was doing in, in Harlem in the Farrakhan days and talk. But Brown. But we don't need to, we don't need to disclose nothing. But if you A shepherd and you know that the masses are lost and you feel like you have more information than them, then it could be your responsibility to appropriately guide them for free.


If that's how you Feel, then the two need to run a currently. That's possible. That's possible. I Agree with that. Then the two need to run a currently. 'cause I'm not gonna say that that's wrong either. Yeah, agree. But two things need to happen at once. Okay. You were play for onto Amber. Amber Rose. Who? Everybody up here. Maybe Sam's Mel would still fuck. Well I don't fuck women. So you know there's that. But she's beautiful. Eh? No, there's no eh, there's no no. Be respectful Joe. We just don't know be she Said she telling, telling you Believe her. She's telling outta you. Believe women. We believe Her. We believe her. I believe her. There you go. Play A clip. You helped me out a lot. I believe her. No way. She can get flipped. She, she don't want to stop.


She don't want to and she then it can't happen. It cannot happen. I don don't care if I don't give a fuck how many fucking special Martin come out. Don't matter. It don't matter. Don don't don't want get how many Lechy Martine. It don't matter. That's what I'm saying. It don't lead the So you saw she don't want it no matter how many Lechy Martin, you Saw another side Of her matter. No, no, no, no. So play the clip? No, no. I The clip. Yeah. Play the clip. Find a little clip Niggas Find a little clip. There We go. Yep. Man, you gotta stop drinking around niggas here, I Didn do anything. I realized Donald Trump and his supporters don't care if you're black, white, gay or straight and all love Talk. She look good though. Let her talk. She look good up you. She Did. And I love you. You sell out. But I do love you.


And a gender traitor. She Look good. And that's when it hit me. These are my people. This is where I belong. That's hate man. I ain't gonna lie. you know what that's like. That's like when I'm watching like a B or C or D movie and I see a actor say like one quick line and I let go of my acting dreams years ago. And I say I could have said that. I coulda did that. I coulda said that. Definitely I ain't, I I might have coulda said that for 10 mil, 12 mil and they got 10, 12 mil. I Could have been the UPS nigga to just walk in and be like, good afternoon ladies. Drop the box on the table. My god. Yeah you some muscles Get on out here.


I gotta went out there and said, you know what, you know When I realized I belong with y'all. I realized It wasn't a complicated script that they gave her Trump supporters Do. Do not care if you are black, white, gay, or straight. That's what she said. She said it the Trump supporters. They paid her for the script. Yeah. Yeah. Read this. They will make you say it too. Nigga you took the bag, read this you and don't come back to work a lot. If you go out there and do that, do not come back to work. I can't look at you to same. Let me tell you something. And if you made that money, he wouldn't come back to work. I was about to say the bag that they would have to give me to get Up there and say that 20 million.


Yeah, we, we lost them y'all. Yeah we did. We lost them to the game. God, you can't be bought. You said you can't be born at all. No. No. I can never talk to my dad again. Flip. That's what you saying. Priceless to no moral. I got it. I got it. You got a number that they could give you to go say that? Yeah, absolutely. What Flip got a number? Seven K. Nah, seven K. He'll let go of the street. Yo Trump Web, web. I love you. Call me. Hold on. So what I mean listen the number, it's not seven K, gimme a number probably 10 10 K no 10 million. Nigga you'll get up there for 10 million. Yeah, I'm not getting up there for 10 million. Mel. No, no number. No. If I didn pay you, you'll go up there.


Yeah, for the other side. We got 'em. Listen, hey, like whichever besides you don't believe in. Mm. Could they give you a number to the You can go up there and rock? No, the chicken. There's chicken up there. I'm gonna fuck you up. They got barbecue sauce in. you know what didn didn't even see it. It's White Lady Jerk Chicken though. Ain't the same Rast. They got the box up there. Hold. That's what's wrong with her being bought. Man, she got the bag. Let gonna do what she wanna do. I'm not mad at her. Yeah, let do her thing. That's what I told y'all. I'm not mad hypo, I'm not mad at the rappers now. Man, sell out. No she's not. I'm not mad at the rappers, bro. I'm not. I hold myself to something high. I ain't gonna hold you. Me too.


I just talking at 50 Sensitive. Because you and I are very cool. So for you to Yeah, but that's not about being sensitive. You're not being sensitive. No, but if you're not, Let it play you black. Why My father is white though. Okay. But to me, to me your mother's is, but that's not about you. It's about me. It's about me. When. I feel like saying what the fuck I wanna say. You can't check me on that. And if you go and check me, they check me. I know Jocelyn. I ain't gonna lie. I Checked you. I'm checking you now you not because I don't give a fuck about How. y I don't give a fuck. You can. Same thing about A white person. This is the fight. She shoulda let air. That's you, you, you know what's your problem? Here we go. Problem is that. You really wanna be a whiter Jocelyn be right.


Yo and the music. Let's just get down to the point. Jocelyn. No, No, no, no, no, no. Shut up teacher. No professor, Let's Get no professor. The Your problem is that you really don't even wanna be black. Woo. She's conflicted with her blackness. Ooh. See When I was growing up. I chose to be black. I was born in Puerto Rico, a Spanish-speaking place. So I'm a black Hispanic. But Amber, she don't know how to behave in black places or in white places. She feel like she got a cater to each of them. But I damn sure know that she doesn't cater to nothing Black. Hey, Hey When, you right, you're right. What you want me to say now? Niggas will still fuck pop the brakes off of Amber Rose.


Look at you objectifying women. What's the word? Objectifying Women. Look at you talking about Fuck shit. I'm objectifying amber, not women. It's a lot of skinny bitches out there that this don't apply to from me. But she's a woman. Well, The skinny hey skinny girls. I'm not talking to y'all. I'm not objectifying y'all. Please don't feel included in nothing. I'm saying well leave him alone. That's Objectifying. Listen. Saying You were fuck somebody who's objectifying. No. Look, he read that on the internet. Listen, Don't don't Talk about me. You wouldn't fuck Amber Rose. No I would not. Oh shit. Because he's a happily married man. Thank you man. Single. You wanna fuck Amber Rose. Who? Me? Yes. You. You who? You nigga you ain't no out. I don't want I I'm married single. Would you fuck Amber Rose, go single. I cannot see go. I can't see myself being Go.


I can't see myself being single. I answer. I know I can't see myself being single. If you were though, I can't see myself being single. All right. But, but what if You, can we see it for you? Well you blind And single nigga. Are you fucking Amber Rose? Are you fucking Amber Rose? Absolutely. Yes. All right. So Go fuck her twice. We got em twice. If my girl think I ain't gonna be home no time soon. Hey. Oh hey. Hey. That's what, Hey real niggas out there. Hey you were supposed to be home. Your girl is blowing that phone up. But shorty in the bed ass tooted and booty looking. Right. You just fucked it asleep. But before you get home you gotta hit some of that ass before Tyler. Come on now. Wake up Mama. You don't wash already. You gotta out the the see Looking right in there man.


Little Five minute. Come on washcloth still. Whoa. Watch, Watch it over the sink nigga. Alright Amber Rose, you will sell out but you is fine still. Yeah. And come up here and tell us about why you did that. you know, come talk to us. Ambers a friend of the show Post election's. A friend of the show. She's a friend of the show. Post-election. Come up here. I don't want to interrupt your bag 'cause I know you getting a big one, but you, you, the election, you boy or you a sell out. How much You think that cost? What? For her, for the RRNC was the bag. And she was talking the other day. She's been talking like she's been a part of the, the big plans like me and the PrizePicks.


She talking like she a part of something to come in the future. That's when they get you that right Yo. Hey, hey it worked on me. They, I'll tell you Yo, I'm telling you in another 12 months it's on. They the head of hey black people will be home. They'll give the head of creator equity type. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shit. That hurt. That hurt niggas Dumb ass up. We don't have you in the politics in the White House. You like, Hey don, don't understand black people talking for talking for Trump. Speaking for Trump. Just, I don't understand it. But it's not for me to understand. Let ask you, I Is a question. If you were possibly no, if you were possibly facing some charges that could send you away for talk a all time and they come to you.


They meaning Trump ask me to endorse Donald Trump. When I do it. Ask you endorse. Yeah. That's why, that's why I'm saying like a lot of the rappers I see that I know are facing some shit. I'm not mad at That. That jail reform shit got us Damn Niggas. Fuck fuck jail reform. I'm talking done anything for jail. I don't even talk about jail reform. I'm talking about the people that were facing some shit. And he pardoned me because he let them niggas come, come home. He let them niggas come home. He aint Kodak Black Gonna slide on ply. He changed a lot of like the, the laws pertaining to that. Niggas that was getting 30 years based off of drug charges. They gave some of that a lot of that time back. Read it. Google it. I had to say my ain't None of my niggas home. My nigga still got life. you know they home or not. Check, check on me Last time you wrote them niggas check on them.


I spoke to them jpeg not too long ago. All right, well check Google. What You talking about? Nigga Said nigga lying. I don know lying, lying. Niggas lie that they speak to they mans that have been incarcerated for a long time. No, no, not saying you. Okay. I don't lie. I send the money and don't talk. We heard about that. I'm not writing a note. I'm, oh no, I I'm not sending a care. You hang Up on nigga you got The tablets now saying hello. If you text me, I'll text back. Well Niggas call you on three way. You hang up Ain free to wave. That's my nigga surf. Nigga like hello? Niggas got the tablet. Get the little GTL. You good now. That shit is like fucking texting your home free Surf man. Yeah, Yeah. Free surf. But until then, you stay here and work Yo y Free Yo.


I I ain't gonna lie. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I ain't gonna lie my shit. I heard what you Hey Imani. You heard Me? Hey until he do you stay right In this. I heard, I heard what you say on spaces man. What I'm trying to get another year nigga is not, you know I, I wait, I do want another year outta UML. Mm. I want another year outta your l. You may get another year outta mail outta me. It's a little bit different. you know what I'm saying? Damn. Yeah. Two ago you said y'all was a package. Said I said y'all was a team. Look at her response. What nigga they highlighted that shit they put on 4K. Her faces. What that guy with she, she was like this what that guy do.


How you nigga I'm not damn no I'm not getting fired with nigga. She was like, no I didn't even know that she was doing that. Be I can't see it. I know she's looking winking at them niggas. Mel's The best. Mel's the best. Amber Rose, we love you and water sell out. Yeah, water sell out. You're not the only sellout out there though. No other niggas sold out for the free. Hey, at least she got a bag out of it. Chain. Do you should support her though because she made a decision. Women's rights. You should support her. She made her decision. I should. No I don't Support her. Oh wait, hold on. I mean she, she de as a woman, she made a decision to put herself first.


She's not putting herself first. Chill out So. I feel like she should be supported by another woman like yoga head girl, get your bag and salute. No flip. Oh chill out nigga cake man. Take your off that. I'm talking to Mel nigga. Who? I'm for her. Who's her? I'm on her ass. Mel. I'm caping for male. Stop interfering. You are fucking Batman for male nigga. I'm give a fuck we Robb talking about you two one nigga. You a thirsty old nigga that's capable for her mind, your fucking business. Who I'm thirsty for, for Melyssa right now. Not thirsty. Melyssa Melyssa. Not me. Your business. Not business. Not in real life. You not thirsty. Not thirst. Get don't get nigga said me You can at With me nigga you do something.


I'm trying. You gonna beat me in the point you're gonna win. I don't wanna have this mental debate with You can. She's not feeling well. So I can get her for once. Talking about You. can god damn nigga Remember this? That's what I'm gonna tell you. Remember this and I'm gonna blast your fucking ass the next time you do what I just did. You the king of it. Yo, So, I would blast. Right? That's my job As You can. Don't blast that as now you threaten man with violence. I feel unsafe here nigga. I think my time is up. No, no. Not to. Come on. On. You can't leave to Paul. No, for real. I'm gonna pay you. Stop. Ask what you want. What your short thumbs are all. So you saying that I'm wrong. Alright, so she sold Mel so you're not support him.


No, not at all. Not At all. So look in the camera. Say fuck that bitch. Fuck me up bitch. Look in the camera right now and say fuck that bitch. I'm on lifetime. Do I have to be profane about it? Yeah, Save that. Yeah. No you don't have to. Okay. I think you're a sellout and I don't agree with a single thing that you said. And I think that money, you know, just kind bitch Gimme a socials. No, I don't need to. I think that was gross what she did. Yeah, I actually So they give you 20 million, you're not doing it. No I'm Not. No I'm not. I'm You answered that already. That's true. That's true. No, I'm not. I am not. I'm not. I like what Joy Reed had to say because I have what Joy Reed had to say right here. Yeah. The professional potter. I am and Then. we can move on to something fun.


Do we care about the race president? Do we care about what his running mate? Yeah. Who? Trump. Trump. Who's his running mate? JD N. Young dude from Ohio. There was apparently a op at one point. No, he's they got an hour worth of footage of him dissing the shit out of Donald Trump. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't talk Yeah, that that's, that's position talk. It's Ironic that they're able to recruit this young woman who you know, and she's a, you know, she's a racially envious. I don't want to say she's black because she has said she's not So. I don't wanna say this black woman, this woman who is of whatever race that she has claimed. She said she's not black, but they brought somebody whose whole career is based in black culture.


She used to be on a show on BET. That's the reason most people know who she is. No it's not. She dated one of the most prominent African American rappers in the business in the history of hip hop. you know, so her whole culture came from black culture. Even though she says she's not a black person herself. And the fact that she is now the person they're using to try to recruit young people of color and to say that this is the person who is the endorser of Donald Trump, who you should trust when she won't even claim the culture that brought her to the table. I'm dubious that this will work. I don't know anyone who takes their political cues from Amber Rose. That's what I'm saying. But just in case you do, you might wanna duplicate doing your own research because she might not have done it thoroughly.


Who's gonna follow, I ain't gonna lie. My favorite type of read Read if you were wondering out, there is a polite read that is my favorite type of read. And if you're wondering, my greatest reader of all time is shorty pops off scandal. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, nobody, Papa Pope. That's it. Who's gonna know? Nobody read better than him in the world? In the world. He go curse. Do you think that Amber was the right person that they should have gotten to? I guess. I think lot of people I don think sleep with Amber Rose. So you think us niggas wanna fuck Then. we going to go vote for Trump. Oh, don don't know. Come on. I'm not taking my political cues from Amber Rose. I, she. So what we talking, she looked good up there, man.


Might she Beautiful. But come on, don don't know how she, she got that off. Yeah. don don't think they got the pulse on the culture of who ends. There we go. Influential and who not. don. Don't care. Amber, you got a slide on Cher? What's Cher? Cher? Cher the white lady. Oh yes. She took Cher took her nigga. She took homeboy. So now, now she running up in there to the RCI gotta say So. I can't be on him. Say it then. Oh, then you put, you fired. Can we mute it out? What's the point in saying something if we gotta mute it out? You doing that capitalist shit? No. You being a Republican right now? I'm not. Alright. All I'm gonna chill. I wanna say something, you know, shout out to Amber Road, but you know.


Okay. Okay. All right. Well enough finger point. Yeah, that says it all. That's all for that is the end of our political segment. Hopefully we did not offend anybody out there if we did. Oh, well thank you. All right. Where do y'all want to go from here? Anywhere in the world. Did you hear that they finally removed the judge in the YSL trial? I heard that. Yes. Reassigned anyone? Yeah. Yes. Wrap it up for that. Wrap it up for that. Lot of malpractice. Yeah, he was wild. He was doing a lot of bullshit ice. They heard the motions and they agreed and they got the judge out there. So long overdue. If you asked me that judge was bugging.


Yeah, a lot of bullshit. Read it. How long has this boy been on trial? It feels like a year more than that. It might be than it's been more than a year. Yo. That's crazy. And Every day you gotta show up to jail. New suits, they, you know what I'm saying? And it's a lot of bullshit going on in there. But I'm happy that they got their motion granted. Especially after the judge tried to get fly with the lawyer while he presented the corrupt, Hey dog, you meeting with witnesses, you influencing them, you negotiating with him back to the negotiation. Yeah. Back to America. That told that, that that one right there told you everything though. No, because the judge was only, oh, judge's only concern was hey, how you know? Yeah. Yeah. But That's it. Like Yo. Wait, no, I'm demanding you. I'm willing to threaten you with jail time if you don't tell me how you found that out.


'cause nobody's supposed to know that. But the dope shit was that Monday, all of the lawyers that didn't have nothing to do with the case showed up and stood tall with the lawyer that was getting mis, you know what I mean? Mishandled like that's the remember strength in numbers While we're on mistrial shit. Do you wanna talk about Alec Baldwin? We didn't talk about it on the pod last time. Tried to Have at it. I was wrong. Y'all white power wins again. Okay. They let a murderer back on the streets Thug To The people. My prayers go out to Shorty's family and her husband, who I'm sure has not gotten a great night of sleep since her passing and They pay.


Yeah. My question with the Alec Baldwin shit is, do y'all, not y'all, but will people look at him the same way they looked at oj. OJ went through the court, OJ went through the court process was acquitted, but they still Call Murder even in his death. Oh, you call him a murderer. Well, there's no matter what. Well There's two differences. The main difference is that, that OJ was acquitted and in this particular situation the charges were, charges were dismissed with prejudice. The main difference is Alec Baldwin pulled the fucking trigger that killed the person. But it was know, we know you did this, But it wasn't an intention. OJ we know one. we know you pulled the trigger and killed somebody. Got it. One, it's speculation. I agree. We don't know What Happened that night, but yet this man, even after his death is still being labeled a murderer.


And this one ain't. Well Listen, one is a black man that is accused of killing two white people. So there We go. One is a black man accused of two killing two white people, one of which he was intimate with. And and there was, And there was a, an affair. A huge, but there was also a huge history of domestic violence. And there's a history of the domestic violence. That is true. I don't remember that Part. But yeah, one Of them had the gun in his hand squeeze the trigger. And a life is no longer here. Yeah. Let's stick To the fact Why. That's why the White crime. But what that person is, that person's story in court is the story that they're sticking to. I'm not talking I on a movie set, I didn't mean that that was an accident. That stick, I'm not talking about about nothing with court. I'm talking about the way people are treating Will will treat these two after the court proceedings.


But I don't think it could. Nobody's gonna them same. Won't. It won't be the same. I Nobody's gonna treat them the same. All. Okay. I Think 'cause 'cause it's an accident. Looks And it D completely different. And one comes from a family of success. There's mad Baldwins that that done one. I know Simpson, James, Alex, Steven. I know one Simpson outside of Bart With a Marge Homer. Yeah. you know a couple little niggas. Yeah, I know. Yeah. But let, but do you, do you feel, 'cause you did say that lock him up before. Do you feel like even if it's an accident, you still deserve to go to jail even if it's an accident? Because if I go outside and kill somebody by accident, I'm gonna jail manslaughter. Yeah, it's True. Manslaughter. I get it. Even though you, if I'm on a movie set and I kill somebody by asking, I'm Going to jail. We are gonna go to jail.


But I'm saying do you believe that you should Be driving and hit somebody and they can charge your ass with Vehicular manslaughter. Vehicular manslaughter And You can still put slap homicide and You can go to jail and You can put Slaps out. But now I'm saying this as somebody watching, as somebody not involved. If I'm Alec Baldwin, boy am I thrilled and relieved that in this accident the jury or the judge saw this the way I saw it. Like, hey, I didn't mean this. I didn't know about this. I'm not responsible for this. Well that's not exactly What Happened this. They fucked up with the evidence. What Happened. They presented some bullets that were not presented to his team as evidence. So it was a mistrial basically. No, no. The charge, when the charges are dismissed with prejudice, it means that the case can't be filed.


Can't Be the case. Cannot Bet. Done. That's why he was crying. 'cause he was just like, oh, he doesn't have to keep going back to this shit. See I feel like all this shit is written like Na said. Everything is written already. Nah, shout to na. I just wanna let the people know that Joe, Joe percentage of not holding himself accountable has now decreased at 75%. He just said that he was wrong. And I'm proud of you. They were saying that you, I know there's this ongoing narrative that I never say when I'm wrong. Yes. And I think y'all are wrong. I think, well, hold on. I think those people are Wrong. You at 75%, they had you at 80%. Nigga let's keep it at 75. I'm your lawyer today. He has admitted that he was wrong. You stutter. I was wrong. Yes, you got him. You guys did it.


The one thing dropped him five whole Percent, 7%. The one, the one Admit I can drop him a Whole 5% I. don, I don't do math like you. You, I can't do like 79.3%. I can't do that. Yo listen here, hear from the horse's mouth and mine. I be wrong a lot. Well the only problem with that is I be right a Lot. They say When you wrong. You don't come and admit that you're wrong. And you don't say that I was wrong. That's the thing that people have against you. They said Joe never says I was wrong or come back and clean it up. They said You can. Well listen, the largest room I've ever been in is the Room, For. Growth. That's fine. I've never been in the room. Yeah, You can.


Yeah. You good. So please Allow me to get better to grow, to evolve, to learn and to become a better human. That's what I strive to do each and every day to God. RINs me, breath in my lungs, man. Honestly, Yo, Listen real quick. One thing I learned this weekend is that women who haven't had sex in a long time are extremely strong. Huh? Yeah, extremely strong. No matter they, for her, they backed up. This girl lift me up, she lift me up over, lift me up. I'm heavy. And you know she, she lift me up like Lex Luga like this. Fuck outta here. I swear to God I got the pictures. I'll show y'all later. Oh, Chyna Not Chyna.


No. And I asked her, how long have you had sex? Haven't you had sex? She said about two and a half years. I put it together. No disrespect, I did offer her some solutions because that's just too strong. I know like you know When. I was younger. They would call niggas being backed up. Backed up. Niggas had strength. Women that's backed up too. Have strength. We got 'em. No. Okay ma'am, Lemme just go to my Top list. That's point me. That's crazy. That's, Let's see here. Let's see, let's see, let's see. Skip leaves. FS one. It is reported that Skip Bayless is leaving Fs one after whatever his final episode will be.


And they will announce that in the near future. This comes as a shock. He was with the company for eight years. He was the man in those streets who was, Shannon was over there responsible with organizing the show and hiring talent. And the show did not last a year without Shannon Sharp. Mm. Crazy. I see a lot of people out there celebrating Skip's dismissal. He'll be back. I thought he was real good. I don't, I don't have anything negative to say about Skip. I don't. Nah. Me either. Skip, skip ushered in debate style Shit. Broadcast. Yeah. Broadcast Sports inspired it for me.


And and and rap from Cole Pizza to First Take. Skip was instrumental in bringing Stephen a back after ESPN fired him and ultimately Stephen a building his cache to be able to do the exact same thing. Each one teach one, you only keep what you have by giving it away. So I mean Yes. Skip was a dick. Yes. Skip said a lot of dickhead things. Yes. Skip only thrived with black people around him, yada yada yada. Whatever you wanna say. But I have the utmost respect for Skip Bayless and all he's done in the broadcasting space. I do. You got to. But he'll be back. Just because he is leaving there don't mean he's retiring.


Don don't know that he needs to or wants to. And don don't think like Skip, we don't know how many fucking shares he got in a company. That's true. Skip left there to get the big, big 30,000,032 And that. That's contract one. That was contract one. It's contract one. So I mean I Could see him going building his own podcast situation somewhere. Nah, me, I don't think he look into it no more. Really? If I'm just looking at him and watching him when he is talking to Lil Wayne, talking to Richard Sherman talking to Fuck. He don't look like Yo after you do it. Pour enough out there. When. you put enough shows together. When, you work with enough talent. You done been to every company that's paying real dollars and you leave and you have your dollars and you're 60 close to 70 years old.


That's true. He is. He's old. So this departure you think is a retirement. I don't know, maybe he will find something to do behind the scenes. Maybe Parks is right and he does do another show. But if I'm watching him over the last year, he don't look like his heart is as into it as it once was. It looks Like. But it could be the situation that made him feel that way. That's true. I think that When, you watch him, he just hasn't found the chemistry with any of the new people that he bought on like that. Him and Shannon thing was damn near. Like they, they probably was rocking for a month and clicked. you know what I'm saying? The shit that him and Steven a used to have that shit was like organic. I think that with When you watch him with all of the new people he bought, nobody has really clicked with him. Agreed.


And I think that the landscape has changed tremendously. Like in in sports. He used to be one of the only shows in town. So now it's 50 shows to watch. I think he'll take a job as a commentator somewhere, maybe in an NBA or something like that. But I don't think he'll be in the forefront with his own show. What, what Makes Pat McAfee show so good? Man he'll never be a NBA comic talks Like what's his style? What makes it, is his style different? Does he use, It's not dissimilar from what makes this show so good. Honestly. It's one guy who's willing to make bold takes and people around him that they have great chemistry. They're all funny. They have bold takes as well. It's, it feels organic. It feels like you're hanging out in a room with a bunch of dudes talking about sports Batman. If he built his own fucking audience, what most of the black podcasters out there don't wanna do.


'cause they just bag hunting and chasing checks. Pat McAfee built his own shit. Got it. And then negotiated. It's so backwards when they do the reverse, which is, hey, I'm gonna negotiate for a future show to be determined. Well then you have no leverage then you're not negotiating for nothing. You take it. Then when they come back and say, this is it. This is a hard line, take it or leave it, then that's the end of the conversation. Got you. I never like when that goes like that. Nah. I'm coming in with some leverage and support to hopefully make this conversation go the right way. That's Pat Macie did shout to him. What else? What else, what else, what else? What else do we add? Me, me and Parks got a chance to listen to the Eminem album. Yeah. And I Love it. Wanna start?


I love it. It feels, I, I think I mentioned this briefly, but it feels refreshing to hear the shit that he's talking about on this album. Like anti Cancel culture, shit, all that shit. It felt good. It felt good to hear him have fun with the music. It seems like everything since recovery has been very serious or thematic, which is cool. But I liked and I think a lot of people that helped him rise to fame. Like all the silly shit I And. it was a lot of that. It was, it was a lot of that. Couple things. This album made me fully understand like, like you said, the anti cancel culture shit. I look at m when he does this as like raps Dave Chappelle.


I'm not bad at that. Whereas Chappelle gets up and his comedy and I'm, I'm really, my real message is free speech. True. And in that message of free speech, I'm gonna talk about you feeling this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In that message of free speech. I'm gonna show you by talking about the things you say I probably shouldn't or can't talk about. He made a dance Song for Christopher Ree. Yeah. And made it dance about it and everything's That's funny. That was hilarious. And. it had the sound. That's Funny. But also I listened to it in order because I did see his post about this is a conceptual album. Listen to it in order. And I understand what he meant. Where it's, it's Slim Shady getting his shit off. And then it's Eminem or Marshall or whatever, kind of fighting back like that Guilty conscience two record love that really breaks it down.


It's a conversation between Slim and em. And he's like, Yo bro, that shit is corny that you're doing. Yeah, but you made me, I took you to fame by doing this. Like who are you now to shit on me because you felt like you grew up and you need me. So now I understand the process of The Death of Slim Shady. I get where he is going. One record, I'm gonna say, and I know y'all gonna kill me. Whatever y'all, there's a record on there called Temporary. Ah, here we go. The Record is What's your shirt say again? Dedicated. Dedicated. Get Your Shit Off the record is a song that he's literally talking to his daughter How to proceed when he leaves here.


That's fine. It's, it's deep. So why we gonna kill you? Because you know, super Dad changed. Yeah. Yeah. That, that, that's what I meant. But I was driving in the car. I listened to the album. I was on a road trip for about two hours. I played it. I had the damn lyrics on the screen. So, I could, eh, I could multitask. Right? I got the Lasik eyes. They good. Oh, you pulled over and start crying? Nah, but I did cry, I believe. No bullshit. Like he got audio clips and shit of his daughter when she was little playing throughout the song. And he's really like saying, I know this pain you're feeling is temporary. You're gonna be okay. Like, he literally saying, play this after I die. I don't know how to talk to you now listen to this then And it just, it sneaks in the album.


You, you not ready for that record. So some dads out there, somebody hit me, was like, Yo, I wanna know your thoughts about two particular songs. I was like, I already know. 'cause I heard it and there's another one on there. But that one is deep. But he really, really smoked the album. I have it as I look at EM'S career as pre recovery. Post recovery. Okay. I might add a third layer, but go Ahead, go ahead. What's the third one? Post Marshall Mathers. That little section in there was different from the first two albums and the EP before The albums. Oh, I don't even, I I've started that pretty much Slim Shady lp. I mean I know he did Infinite and all that before. No, I'm not talking about anything. I'm talking about the Slim Shady ep. A lot of which was on the lp, but a lot of which was not. It wasn't. But That was the shit that really got him hot.


Yeah. Anyway. And he, he addresses that. Like where he says it was one of entendre said as soon as I started, as soon as I didn't give a fuck, I started to celibate. Yeah. Which was to play on words, but meaning the record Just not Give a Fuck was the one that really took him up to that next level. Absolutely. Yeah. But this is the second, this is number two for me in his post recovery albums. Right After Recovery. Well, Yeah. So it's number three then. Okay. Forgot after Music to be Murdered by. Which is still amazing. But he really laid, laid it out how y'all know me for this, but I don't want to do this anymore. So I'm gonna give it to you. Even the, even the sup brand new dance Superman record.


He says that record was made in 2004, supposed to go on Encore. Mm. And you wouldn't let me put it out talking to M So now I'm putting it out. Mm. So I Miss that one. Yeah, it's it's a line in there where he, that's a record that was supposed to be on Encore. You wouldn't let me do it. So I'm putting it there. Yeah. I put the show on the road trip too with my wife. I was like, don don't know if she's gonna like this. She's a social worker. She works in schools. It is very sensitive shit on there. It is. It's, she's sitting there cracking up the whole time. And I tried to put on another album after that and she was like, this is just not entertaining. I was like, but you like all the foul shit over there that you kill me about making jokes about Yo. Here's The truth man. And she was like, yeah, but he makes it fun. Here's The truth. A lot of people like that fucked up comedy style. Yes. Even if they don't, if it is not politically correct to admit today.


They like that shit. You like offensive comedy. You like offensive jokes. We all like it. So when he's doing it and anybody could get it. you know he talked about little people. He talked about fat people. Like he went deaf people. He talked about everybody in these songs. Yeah. Everybody that you not supposed to mention, he's bought the R word back. Yeah. In full. Like, like I want to counter at how many times he used that word on the album. But yeah, I gotta give it to him man. MM really spoke the album and I like his concept And. it makes me wanna see where he goes next after this. Now, now that you killed off this character, are you telling us you did that? Because now you wanna make more mature music? Well bring it back man. You think So I think Bring it back.


The resurrection? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Bring it back. Bring It back. But yes, So I just wanted to because we, I didn't get to touch on the album when it first dropped. Like I said, I only heard, I didn't even listen to it that Friday when we recorded So I. Love it. Yeah. I love It. Shouts to everybody on there for sure. They features was, I wasn't mad at the features. That Jelly Roll record is crazy. It Is out to my man. White gold. Yeah. So that's Well we could go from that. No, no Nigga you don't talk nothing. Sorry. Ain't nobody else say nothing. Yeah. Well guess why. Hey listen, don't try to just segue. It's our turn to shine down. Rock out. If y'all heard it, You I I was, I was let nigga go. What's let get it. We gave a 25 minutes.


He tried to get in and I heard that. Eh, nah nigga My bad Cooking. You was cooking. Hey daddy, I apologize. That's enough. My Bad The fuck. Take it away. Yeah, please. Oh, I don't have nothing I don I don. I don't have nothing. It is tough to feel like Ish flip and Mel like I'm normally involved in some of the music topics. I think you would like this shit. So to not be able to get involved and just have to sit here and listen to you two niggas fucking Glo eight or whatever the word Glo Glo. I think you would like this shit. I know it's, I I get it. But I will eventually listen to this. Yeah, I will. It's just entertaining I.


think that said. Yeah. I haven't yet. I ain't thought about it yet. Telling that you two dudes went on road trips. If I went on one, I would have heard it also. Mm. But maybe my life is little than you guys is Maybe It Could be. Maybe don don't I I ain't the lit I didn do, I didn't do a lit test. I'm not the lit. I am gonna listen to this. But I mean, What, what, that's what I'm saying. What what is the, but why do you seem reluctant to listen to, you know, when's the last album Hit you? Because it's never been a, you know, in my younger years, I couldn't imagine a day where I didn't run to an Eminem project except for I'm excluding him. Dissing me. What was that? Kamikaze? Whatever that was. Yeah. Kam excluding that, but Right. A Eminem project.


You rush to it. I I know where he stands as an mc. I know what he does. I didn't feel that urgency with, with with this having nothing to do with him or the music. Just And. It has nothing to do with him dissing you neither. No, Not at all. I'm over there. Okay. See, I had, I was With, you know, I'm over There. Honestly, I was with you until Music to Be Murdered by album. 'cause I didn't go into, I didn't rush to hear that. I didn't know what to expect from that album. But that album was so good that When I hear he's dropping again. I'm like, okay, if you coming off of that, I have to see what you do. Like I really wanted to hear this album. I was mad. I couldn't hear it in enough time to come in and talk about it at our last Part. See, I don't care about none of this slim shady shit.


But I think you'll don Don't care about the, the fucking Jennifer Anson, whoever he is, disin fucking Nick Storm, Nick Fury, whoever he is. Dis shout Nick Charles, Nick Storm. I was with him. Whoever the, whoever the fuck he's dis But that's how he came up though. We Superman It like And we listened to So you, he made it make sense. You feel like you Too old to be listening To that. Not see, not for me, for me, slim Shady helped me to live and stay alive and deal with depression. Right? Yes. So back then, that's what he did for me. Yes. I was never into the, he caught one with it. S back. I like that shit. That was back. I Like that Back back. I like that one. But other than that, That I've listened to this because of that Stupid ass Houdini single.


I was like, I gotta see where, what, what is the point of this? It fits The album now. It does. It fits the album now. So now I'm hearing it where they placed it in the album. I get even that. I get it. I'm gonna check out the M album. But I felt good that I have outgrown the urgency I can of having to rush to it. Fucking That's and hip hop. Who gives you that urgency? Jay Wayne. There's plenty of people. There's a lot people. I mean, you talking about top people, would you, you rush through a Jay album, right. And Harvey? I am Wayne too. Okay. Drake, I'm rushing to. Drake. Drake. Drake. Kendrick. I Album Kendrick Future. Future. May rush to it twice. Paul? Yeah. Future this year. Okay. Future.


Yeah. Yeah. Some name. Nicky Cole. I'm rushing to Nicki. There's some names in there that if they drop, I'm rushing to the album. What about Cardi? Yeah, yeah, Absolutely. I would absolutely rush. Never get another Cardi album again. And you've been standing on that? I am standing on it. And They talked about that in the office. When. I went, went up there, Said, but now Cardi got some dropping with my man Rob, big Rob on Friday. Saw that. That's gonna be crazy. But that's what Cardi ISS about to be now just a single artist. You're not getting none of that shit. I mean, you was right too. About what about Atlantic wanting to put out an album. You was right. See, you be right sometimes about them wanting to put out, we don't Care about none. That shit. I ain't spoke to nobody at Atlantic. I'm just be on a hunch. So you done went and got some information from somewhere? I just lemme, I'm sure somebody involved wants Cardi to put out an album.


What? Of course they do. I'm sure Offset want Cardi to put out an album. Hey fellas out there, boyfriends. Y'all know that feeling right? When, you want your bitch to get a job? You in the house, you bitch won't leave. She just in there on top of you. On top of everything. Not giving you space. Let's cuddle. No. Yeah. No. Get off my arm. My arm. Sleep. Move, go. Ain't you got an album? Do Don't you got a single? You got a tour? Yeah. Ooh, yeah. Woo. Give Us real elbow Room. Big Tour. Tour. Let's see, what else do I have on my little note? Ingham Ma Jiggy Trump assassination. Amber Speaks. Oh wait, well, since we leaving that I just, because this, this kind of fit that topic.


I wanted to get you guys thoughts on Andre 3000 versus LL Cool J And. it fits because to me, LL Cool J addressed Andre three thousand's comments of not really having nothing to rap about. And he was like, you know, I can rap, but what am I supposed to rap about? Prostate exams and stuff. So he was making a joke on it and LL Cool J went on there and he was just like, oh, LL went on there. And he's like, Yo, when it's in you, You can rap about anything. He's like, there's people that are of our age that are still rapping. It Don't, you ain't gotta rap about a prostate exam or something. Like, You can rap And it. When I'm listening to M's album, that's kind of, it took me to that conversation because it's like m is what, 48, 49, 50 years old somewhere.


And it's not about even just rapping. Hey look, I can rap. Look how good I am. But I could still, Although he's done that for a decade plus. Yes he has. And I, that, that turned me off. Same. I didn't want to hear that. I don't want to hear how We know You can rap your ass off. Right. Can you talk about something though? Right. So I wanted to get y'all thoughts on the Andre 3000 versus, and, and Andre 3000 replied to ll He was saying that, well, yes I can rap, but anything I do, I want it to be new. I want to have new flows, new styles. I don't want to just go. And basically he's like, it's just not in me anymore to rap. So I think he doesn't wanna do the same shit, which I, I I stand by and fucking like, no, I'm not gonna come out there unless I can do something amazing and push the envelope. But see, I'm gonna come out there and just Andre around then What, what does that do?


Well get why, why don don't like it? I'm conflicted with this. Why? I don't like it. I'm gonna tell you I don't like it because we ain't never got an album from you Andre. That's so, there is something You can do. That's ka, It ain't ka Give us a album. Rap You about the flu album. No, he talking about Speaker Is an album. Give Us that an outcast. Any of Any of those albums with some singing slaps on there, you just shit on. And they, that's just to be the greatest album ever. That's not True. Why is the I love Below not a Andre 3000 album. Here we go. I'm asking and I'm, I'm not gonna argue with 'em. I'm just asking to Shit on what Considered because that was packaged as an Outkast album. So 'cause the name on it says something different. Yes, yes. Put your own album out that stands completely separate away from anybody else.


That's Marketing. Feel like It does. I don't care about the I don, I'm talking about the music. I don't care about the marketing. But If you're talking about the Stand Away, he has a solo album. Yes. Stand Away from Big Boy. He didn. No, he did not Win Ran. He ran away from him. The Flu album was the only time he stood away from Big Boy. No, tell me, tell Me, please Inform Me. And that soundtrack album that didn't do The Greatest Idle Wow. So I won't talk about that one. That's a soundtrack album. And that was not all him. Yeah, that was okay. So yes, again, Outkast, I, I'm not knocking him, I'm just saying show me You can do it without being next to Big Boy. You have not done that. How many songs outside of feature verses would you, how many songs on that? Like 16. 16. Somewhere Around there. A bunch. It was album. There's a full A full, it's an album.


There's no like Skirt around. This one is a full album. It's just a double album. Big Boy had his own Joint, had his own single shit. Fucking Andre had his own joint. So I went in there to buy it because I like Big Boy. I still bought the Andre album is what I'm saying. That's marketing. Cool. I want you to stand away from Big Boy and drop a solo album. Let it say Andre 3000 on the cover, whatever you call it. Whatever picture you want. Your songs just you. But, and until you do that to me, you have not dropped solo. Solo. I get said it's about you said it's about the music. Yeah. You don't care about the marketing. You take My point. Yeah. So if you don't care about the marketing, then it don't matter if it says Ice, Ish, Parks and Crew, if each one of us gave 16 separate songs of music.


Exactly. Then it should be about the music and what my 16 songs represented musically. Correct. I don't give a fuck how you packaged it up and sold it to packaging. Packaging matters though. No, not musically. Packaging does matter. And that's, you said but packaging not to my ears. No, but to you does Again, I want, I just wanna see you stand away from, he Just said this, lemme lemme ask you a question I ask real quick. I Just wanna see it. Show me You can do it one time and then I'm So you Can't relate when he says that he wants to have a new style and new flow because you're not running to hear a L album. 'cause ll I actually am ll LLS dropping a new album. I can't wait to hear. I'm a little excited to hear. So you all gonna run hear ll has Been talking about an album for he Can rap I didn Say that, but And it and the singer Have been alright. Would his flow change What you mean ll Is Yes.


What about it what You mean? I'm asking you like, do you think that his flow would change? Do you think it'd be Don don't know What to I have zero expectations. Okay. You no expectations. But you've earned that with me that oh has Yes, 100% the subject matter. You've earned that with me and I want hear what you rapping about at this point in your life. The funny shit that in the morning listening to y'all talk, the fact that he can and I, and please I would love and Andre 3000 solo project just Marketed As Such. And real quick, real quick before you finish, come here. I'm sorry, but I don't think I'm saying the same thing I said about Lauren. I don't care about You can have the sing songy shit on. I just wanna see you do it solo. But go ahead. That's it For me. Maybe the fact that he did it on a double album like makes defeat that much tougher.


Like you put him next to one of the best rappers in the universe who's rapping on his album and now you do whatever you doing. And I'm speaking as somebody that rap during that time the rappers heard that three K left Earth Yep. And changed the Game. He, He proved any, any doubt or any question that people had when the rappers heard, he said, oh, okay. That's the difference. That's what we was trying to figure out what the difference was really why he, he proved it. He separated himself. Phenomenal project. My thing is, if you feel like that about hip hop, then go learn how to play the flute. True. Yeah. That's a good point. Yeah.


But but again, even with the flute, this is step one for him That's learning how to go through the flute. He could really Be doing it though. You ever killed a raccoon? Hey, I'm not Mad at that. Me neither. But I heard a raccoon die before you heard him perform the flute album. Okay. You heard a raccoon die with that's the Performing was different. The performing was different. I'm with you there. That was that. He ain't had to Do that. You ever hit a deer with a car and hit a noise? They make seriously, You can't say that. Yes, You can, You can niggas hit deer every day. Yeah, but I don't hear the noise they make Nigga. Yeah. Boom, boom. you know how I knew that flute down was bullshit. It wasn't even a customized flute, it was just like a regular little Barnes and Nobles flute. Yo Bad different Recorder. That's recorder right.


That's the, the flute they give you at DoubleTree When. you get to penthouse. Hey here nigga, here's a whistle. The sex kid Cardi. Yeah. That's who that flu was. I don't want any of that shit. I should Bad Man. I agree with LL and and three K to leave this, try that. And I'm conflicted as a retired rapper. LL is saying what? Like fans be saying to me, Yo, I just wanna hear it. I know You can do it. That's what I say. I know it's in you. I know it's in your blood. Give it to me. That's true. So you can't refute that three stacks is saying Yeah, but I don't want to No, no. What's not what he's saying and that Actually he cops Ell and said, it ain't in me like that no more. Yeah. That's why I'm so, once he said that, I'm like, you got, you can't say nothing to that no more.


Sure. Because lls point was, if it's in you, you should still be able to do it no matter what. And three K is like, yeah, you're right. Now what do you say to the person that says, but it ain't in me no more then then that conversation is over. I used to ask you that. I've asked You that up here. I just said you that he didn't want to. Yeah, no, but I've asked you like Yo as a poet because rapping is poetry. So as a poet, if that's your thing and that's your Release, you gotta want to do it. How do you not write? You have to want to do it. You said podcast place. I just said on bad view that I be jealous of these niggas that are, that started in the nineties and you're still dropping albums. I'm looking at you saying, how do you still have it in you? If I still had it in me, there would be plenty months where I call y'all to say, y'all hold it down for the month.


If it was in me Like that. Because you would have to go over there and you Just, you know, I gotta go get the H Out. Yeah, You gotta, I gotta get it out. I can't live without, Hey hold on, just gimme three weeks. Gimme, gimme something, gimme some time. I need to go over there and and fill myself up. I, but I'm not, that's not where I am. Guess. And looking at three stacks, that ain't where he is. I guess that's What saying, I guess what we don't understand is When, you guys are so talented at it. Like what, what Ha What Happened to the motivation. What, what, what makes you lose it? you know what I mean? That's because think it should be easy to do it. It should be easy. Yeah. But you grow to Go into the studio and, and Yeah. But it's too easy. And if you really believe in yourself and if you really confident then you don't wanna box your talent into a hit song or a not hit song or a music box.


Like three. Like three stacks. Say Yo I'm in the future, whatever the next thing is. I'm trying to, I'm on it. I really related to that as somebody who never had the support and always had to be in the future. So. I can't go take whatever time it take to go make a album right now. Music, I know how y'all consume music. I know how they pay out for music and a lot of y'all create music. Yeah, I know that already. If I'm stopping that I'm missing the buck, I'm missing the ball, I'm missing whatever the next thing is, I'm missing the tech. I'm missing the next social. Whatever's coming. I'm missing it. And not just that So I can't, Hey, Flip not just that. What else does Andre 3000 really have to prove? Like what does he have to gain from putting out the album True than, than people like me who just say, I just You do.


Yeah. I just wanna Hear it. That's the other thing. People already him, one of the best rappers in the world. He's hit every check mark of success. Selfish that You can hit as a rapper. That's true. I got a diamond project, you know what I mean? People don't have that. Most of 'em, I got Grammys, I have billboard charting. I'm legendary. I'm regarded by whoever you ask as one of the greatest ever. My group is regarded as one of the greatest groups ever. True. So. I did it on a group side too. I put my city on the map. I came up to New York and told y'all about us when nobody would even listen. He's done everything to do as a rapper. Got it. So I. I when he said, it's not in me no more to even want it. Forget the want. It ain't even in me.


I, I, I, I underst respect. Yeah, you have to respect that. As fans. As fans we'll never understand. No, because we selfish. We not. Yeah. We're selfish. Same thing About hip fans. They don't give a fuck about none of that. I still, I see people say today they want everything Joe's work for and achieve to fail Yo so they could get that music back. Yo. I thought of an eight over the weekend though. Oh Shit. I did think of a eight. It is just the get following steps. I'm not never going to call Park. And then I went on Park Store, I seen Amani at Park's House trying to record something to SLV show, you know, trying I. don know Let's go, Let's Go. That's it. I'm saying trying. He don't drop nothing. Oh shit. We ain't, we ain't heard nothing. He's scared. Shook the death to my GoFundMe. I don't know what he doing. Oh, he might be over there just practicing When.


I go there ain't gonna be for practice. He ain't gonna be play play. Somebody's gonna get hit. When I step in there, 79 bars. No somebody of ears, no ears getting hit. No hook unless Ty Dolla called me Now Todd D called me. I'm gonna try to come back sexy like I did with no love Lost. I am. I'm telling y'all. But other than that, yeah. Bar him to death. It's coming 2027. Who Going hit are people? Are you? But so you're not afraid that, huh? You Better stay off them roofs. Ta stop that. It's Roof. Wait, hold off for a minute, don. Don't understand. Elaborate. Donald Trump found. Yeah. Talking about Donald Trump. What you mean You trying to hit somebody? You can get killed. That's what he's saying. Stay off the roof. That's what he's saying. You try to hit somebody You can possibly get killed.


Oh, he Thinks you're only good for a ear. Mm. That's what he's telling you. Stay off the roof bro. Don't even climb on the roof. Yeah, don't, He didn't have Blink shit. Stop I don don't do that. It's my son. I'm not playing with him because he know better than the shit. But try round me up. Try to round me up as he should. I ain't fall Apart. Do you, do you think that, are you, are you one of those people that afraid if you put something out and may not land or you don't think like that? Oh, I don't care about my money came from my podcasting. It could not land, But no, a lot. But a lot of people do feel that way. Fuck Fucking rich already now. No, I'm just saying. Hey, hey. Y You can take, Hey, kill the song. Hey kill it. Oh, he came back for that.


Yes, But we say that had a blast dude. Sorry. No music is different. When, you depending it for your livelihood now. Come on, let's find the right chorus. You got Got it. Have to drop today Please. So, shit. Too Late. It's too late. Apologize. That would be funny to hear you go there. A fuck I wouldn't give a fuck When. you gave A fuck. You were putting 72 bar versus on songs. Imagine if He ain't gave a fuck and went in there telling the real truth. Oh shit, Tina. Now that's the thing. I have no idea what I'd be rapping about. I Have an idea. Yeah. Life lifetime idea. Your lifestyle. I'm gonna tell you how to, I tell you how To go. My my baby moms would get it.


I'm Flip would've got it. I'm gonna to Smell would've got it. He won't get it Though, right? No, I'ma talk. Exactly. Because you know he gonna, He got in the past. Pause. Why You look at out. That's my man today. We aint got, I'm just Saying that he Choosing nigga This is how it would go. I'm no, you and Mel really grind my gears. Y'all would've been in a verse over a shot. A beat Joe would've started off real light. I would like that in about She Says you light you about 16, 18 bars in there. It'd have just made a hard left Bomb Already gave you ice bars, nigga. I would've got you. He already gave, you Know So I Know gave ice bars too. He gave It. That happened already. Yeah. I wouldn't give ice bars today. So only me, male. Your girl baby mom.


If you got bars already, you can't get, I'm not giving you huge bars. Like I'm not giving you bars from Opulence. Like if I'm giving you bars now I look down on you like, Oh shit nigga, you gimme bars. I'm coming to your crib, nigga I'm coming to your fucking house. Nigga is Assholes. There's a lot of rhyme schemes with Flip. Oh man. Yo bro. And you record that at Smoke too. He better record that. Sure. EQ on that shit too. Holy Shit. We got Cam and Mac. Verse J Prince. Yeah. Yeah. Yo And I have 50 verses Omar.


Oh shit. Oh yeah. So Either one of those that y'all want get into, we can't. I understand what Cam Mac is saying. Same, Same, Same. A lot of us from New York, we don't respect, you know, big homies even though we have our own, I never liked the word big homie, but I understand what they're saying as being a New York native. you know, just 'cause you respected in your city, that doesn't mean we gonna have the, I mean, we respect you, but your rules doesn't apply to us. So. I understand what they're saying. And I do feel, I do feel like When, you have a young guy like Shakur, instead of fighting his battles or trying to go against everyone that's commenting on him, you should be talking to him on how to, or teaching him how to get better. Cam absolutely bodied that point.


Yeah. Like whatever you was doing on camera with NBA young boy, why was Shakur Stevenson seated next to you? Like, if you are an og you have to behave like an OG at all times. So that's including that time. So if you're not gonna be it, then don't come over here and think you about to do that. Now I love Mace saying like, who is he? Who, what's, what's happening? May, may it what's happening right now? They both worded it and they were they, it still seemed respectful. Yes. They didn't get out pocket. Yes, it weren. They didn't get out pocket. They, they seemed like they was just telling The truth. I mean, Kim always got this way about calling niggas by they first names. But you know, like I, that's his thing. But it wasn't disrespectful. And, and I was telling you outside on the balcony that you feel the same way, have the same sentiments about when it comes to niggas claiming that or coming off as OGs.


Like you don't believe in Big Ho. Not, not OGs, big homies. I'm saying that I'm the big homie. So I should be respected no matter where they from. That Don't, not, not for me. There's the time of the place for that shit too that don't work for me. I grew up in the house where I fought with my older brother. Like what we talking, what we talking about? Yeah, no, I agree. And Right. Like there's just a difference between Big homie and og. Yeah. I did the OG part. Like the OGs is niggas that's older than you, more experienced. They've been around and they teaching you, they keep you away from danger. They fucking, they, they, they, they are valuable in your life. Yes. They not ushering you to some bullshit. And if you love them enough, hopefully you won't usher them into some bullshit.


Right. Like it's a give and take relationship. I love that. Yes. All of that extra big homie. You niggas is tougher. You got more niggas. Y'all killers miss me with that. Somebody would've to kill me first. Sorry, I'm just that stubborn or rebellious or whatever you wanna call it. I think everybody should, whenever you get a chance, Yo Gotti has a song called Big Homie Rules. And he really breaks this entire conversation down. Like, y'all call yourselves big homies, but you a big homie not going send you out here on a crash out mission dummy. Mission dummy mission. They're not gonna do that. They're not gonna do that. That is not big Homies gonna put you in position to not have to do that. Like I'm, yeah, I'm, I'm, my goal is I made it outta that and to now protect you from going through that as well.


Like, I'm not sending you out here to go risk your life for a hundred years or go get killed. Do do you just because Do you feel like some people's reputation forced them to have this braggadocious way about them? So no matter who they come across, they they say or do whatever they want? Nah, I just think some people have been living a certain way for so long that that's all they know at this point. And, and like got it. Like May, may summed it up, it was just like, you know, sometimes people don't understand that the times have changed. Like it, I just social media commentary alone. Anytime Prince family and them come up in Houston, you get people who's not from Houston, like Yo, who the fuck are these dude? Why are y'all looking at them like the boogieman? Like not saying that they aren't respected and shouldn't be respected.


I don't, I'm not from Houston, but it don't necessarily translates outside of where you are. Like you think you have to be globally and worldwide respected because of where you're from. And there's people that say Yo, okay, that was over there, but over here that don't matter. I Also think bigger than that, there's a time and a place like someone commenting on a sports show about a sports event should not draw fucking threats of violence or whatever the fuck that was. Yeah. Like come on Man. And that's the other part, the threat and crazy talk came from dude first from Shakur. Yeah, that's true. Like he did that. Okay. Oh, you brought it here. Cool. We'll address you that way now. And now your man's wanna step in and hey, no he don't worry about him.


Now I'm taking on talk to him man. don. Don't know how I feel about that. Shout to Cam. Shout to me. Yeah, shout to Yes. Yes. Shout. Shout to Jay Prince. Shout To Everybody. Don't threaten anybody online. Yeah, that's what I got for you. I didn't know if y'all needed Joe button to say that. But don't threaten anybody online dear. There's that good thing I was gonna call you Mel on Sunday. Oh yeah. I was gonna call you on Sunday for a few reasons, but one of the reasons being because You wanted to continue the party. No, that looks like I'm trying to beat so I'm not gonna do that. But like we have a blast on Saturday and then I hit you Sunday. Yo WYD.


That looks crazy. You know, power dynamics. We work together. I can't but you, but you on. But you on my mind. Okay. And then the picture went out of me, you and Angie. And my hand was on the steel rod on back of your chair and the fans was like, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe. Don't you do it? No, You were very much Big brother. Of course. Very much Big brother. Of course it almost knocked Mel's head off her shoulders when some dude walked up to the bathroom. He sure The fuck did Don Do it. Firm Reprimanding firm. Firm reprimanding. Very good. We just, me and Ammani just have a three hour talk with Mel Ford about Qs dos and don'ts around strange men.


And me and Imani sitting right there with Big S shout to us and here comes some two niggas tomorrow. God got A peace all bad. I'm gotta pee. Gotta pee. Here come Doy one. Would you like me to walk? You guess what Mel said, you guess him. Yes. Yes. So from VIP now two dudes that I ain't at all. V-I-P-V-I-V-I. The big VIP vi IP. The dudes is over by our table talking for like 10 minutes now they walking Mel to the bathroom. Me s and e is like Yo dog. It's this big. So she get back. I have a firm little quick reprimand. Good job. And Mel When you out with big dad, big dog. Don't ever do that again.


Good job. Don't have a dance. She had to, I had to pee. I really had to pee. She just be repeating shit. She just is a fucking is is a fucking a blonde. I really had to pee Bad. I really did not think that you wanted to walk me through that Crowd. I would've never walked you through that crowd. Look. But Amani would've walked you through the crowd. I've seen him go to a crowded Starbucks from Gate 79. He would've 100% walked you to the bathroom. I seen you put your foot in his mouth. You think he wouldn't have walked you to a bathroom? Yeah. Also true facts. What the fuck is you talking about? You got that nigga by us. Don't have no niggas by us when we out don't have no by me don. Don't know Amani still want to communicate with artists. Don't have nobody by me when we out.


But anyway, I almost called you Sunday because Sunday was a beautiful day out. I didn't have anything to do. So I pulled up my I Pick app and I just took a a, a quick glance at what was out and I just picked some shit to go see 'cause just the act of going to the movies, I like doing that. So I picked some shit called Long Legs. Mm Some Spider. I've never heard of it. Some spider shit. I never heard of it. It's a horrible movie. I never saw, I never saw a commercial for it. I never, I never had anything with Long Legs. I've, however heard good things about it. Nicholas Cage All Star lineup. All Star lineup. don don't know who who's in it. The director apparently is the son of the actor who played Norman Bates.


The director has, he's made a few films in the horror genre that has made a name. It's building his name. So then I went on YouTube, I checked some YouTube reviews and all the reviews was like Yo, I ain't gonna hold you Long Legs might be a classic. And then I went and checked the rating. It was rated R, unlike some of the newer horror movies that are rated PG 13. So now they've sold me. It's Norman Bates's son. It is rated R. And the YouTube reviews are saying it's classic. If we didn't have a slice the day before, I was calling Mel Ford to say, Hey do you wanna run with me to the movies? I know you are a movie buff. I would've loved to but, but I didn't because Power Dynamics, sure. We work together. So I go by myself.


So I go by myself. But you know, I bought two seats anyway. So I go by myself. I sit there, it is a 4 45 show. So I'm awake. I watch Long Legs and not a bad movie. Mm. That's my review. Okay. It's not a bad movie. It's not the horror Horror classic. They were making it out to be. That's my problem. But it is not a bad movie. And quite the plot twist at the end. I did stay to the end. I stayed awake the whole time. But I do wish you'd have came with me. I would've loved to. I wanted to see it. I saw The reviews for that. Next time, next time I'm calling. One thing you won't sue. I won't. Alright. I swear to God one thing that stood out is that's My girl fuck.


And this is why You can Fired before shit like that. That right there is why I'm fine. Fire away. Go ahead. No, I was just saying one thing that stood out, they kept Win Circle. They're pushing. Hey hold on. Gotta wait For Sir. We gotta wait for Surf. I'm not firing you before Surf. Come on. You crazy. So what surf come? You think that I'm gonna wait till Surf Winter come two more years? I ain't telling you. I'm not telling you when Surf coming home. You crazy And. it ain't no more battle rap. Who says that? The battle rappers and Caffeine and Smack. They're not doing that. They right now they're trying to set up Hit Man versus mooc. Oh that. Oh yeah, They're, it's over that what you mean? It's over that. If that's what they doing, it's over.


It is over As far as what the matchup, all of it that matchup is a good matchup for There's no money for you. Battle rapping niggas. Hey, hear it from me. It's over Nigga. You just said that. You put hey, You put Yo UPS. Oh man, Walmart Yo. You just said WW Yo. Yo. Ralph's Yo. What is Ralph's? You just said that. You said market. Well you don't know Ralph's Supermarket in la. I guess Yo Aint just in LA You just said put up 150,000 for Lux versus Daylight. Luxe Versus Daylight. You said that. Yeah. I got 200 for Lux s Daylight. Okay, you just Said that. I know what that looked like on the back end. Hey Lux Daylight. I'm ready. What'd you say? Yeah. So you said that you'll do that but then so Battle Rapper is Not there.


Mo Hitman is not bringing that. That's not the same. You Don't, I I don't, I don't agree Hitman. Oh, I wasn't asking Hit Mo sells out and Hitman sell out. It's over. don don't. But you keep saying it's over. don don't understand. Totally over. I hate When. you do that. Give me some explanation Behind it. Mo Mo and Hitman is not Lux and Daylight. That's more box orders now, now that, now that rum Nitty verse Lux has happened. There is no more anticipated battle than Lux and Daylight in the world. You can't think of it. I agree with you. But I also think that Mo could say like it sells Hitman. Hol sells tickets, but he sells tickets. We Just Hitman and mooc. Sorry, We just watched Hitman fucking get obliterated by fucking easy to block captain. He sold a lot of tickets, but he did get obliterated.


He gonna get mad at me for saying that. But he did. Don don't think he did. MOOC Sells tickets. But performance wise, sometimes people are left like, damn, why you ain't knock him out like Shara on some Shakur. But his last match, I mean he did good against Geechee Gotti. I mean I don, I know his last match was something else, but he did great. Again, Geechee Gotti in New York. Geechee Gotti is current primetime box office. So MOOC's Box office makes sense there. Hitman Holler is old box office with MOOC's old box office. Good point. So do you, are you saying that they, people are Watching? It's gonna be, I'm not shitting on the battle. People are going to watch it. But is that they like la Hell no. Are you saying that they have to, they have to build a supporting card around them in order for it to sell?


They should. I think it'll sell anyway. But they should. Okay. That's right. Okay. They should have a pretty good under card. It's the Difference between Between Chaco and Tank. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Tank is in Vegas. Yes with Everybody. The creme di la creme in the crowd. Shakur is Big Jersey of course, no disrespect, but Shakur's not selling out. But every card hit Man was on. And You doing Mo and Hitman after Luxe and Nitty. But every card hit man was on, sold out every card that he headlined sold out. Are you on? Alright, so you only talking about the backend then? No, but you talking about About in the, in the venue. You Talking about Hitman versus Easy. Wait all of them is gonna, these are gonna sell out. But I'm talking about, We talking about getting butts in seats.


That's what I'm talking about. And pay-per-view buyers. I'm not talking about that. It's too many niggas out there that can get asses in seats. I'm talking about when Smack goes to approach exclusive vodka, I'm talking about when Smack goes to approach Cadillac. Okay. And say they gonna sell out the venue, but the extra dollars to make battle rap go around. I don't see it on. So you don't see a return and hit man. And Mo Didn't say that. You keep putting words in my mouth. I just wanna make sure it'll be a return. It just won't be the return that Daylight and Lux could bring potentially. Got it. Okay. It's just, it just levels. That's all. And I ain't mad at them. Them two niggas is dumb niggas and they both probably get mad at me now. I'm sorry. And I love y'all and I'm gonna love y'all no matter what y'all say about me bad over the internet.


I gotta say that sometimes. Some of you niggas I'm gonna love no matter how much y'all kick my back and the rest of y'all niggas eat Dick. Y'all know where it is with Me and you, Man. This is why they say you instigated me to do what I did. 'cause look How y. Look how your Responses is. I have nothing to do with that. But limited liability. You ran to somebody's house on a weekend, on a Saturday, a fan to put hands on them. I have hired everyone here as an independent contractor. So liability is on yourself for the moves that you make outside this podcast. So, I don't wanna be with you. Do I want you to do that? No. Do I think you should do that? No. Do I think it's the most valuable use of your time? Absolutely not.


But am I gonna try to talk you off legs? No. Have have at it surf be home. So Yeah, you must have had a conversation with Surf. I didn't. Yeah, he will be home. I should Didn didn't. He will be home soon. And you know that's, And surf would be way worse, right? Flip is gonna go to somebody house with his son with a camera on and fuck. Hey nigga come outside. Surf in the daytime is going to Make soup. Nevermind. Thank you. Yeah. Surf shouldn't be allowed outside at day when surf come home. I'm not letting him out at daytime. I'm gonna talk to his mom. I don't care. I, yes, I don't have that power, but I talk to his mama a lot. Can't. Hey, all that daytime shit is over for that. Come on right here.


Shout the surface right here. There. It's gonna be right in between me and Mel or no, I'm gonna be in between. No, no, no. Let him get the chair, the flip chair. Let him get the chair. It was the other guy's chair. Hey look, hey. No, no, I'm there. I support surf. You Gotta still work here With surf coat. No, I said are you crazy? Never. I'm up to pay. I'm up to pay. I will do improper and I'll be fine. No, I'm not talking improper. I'm, that's what I'll Do and give, give you that and Ill you y'all later. And on top of that, my numbers will be I, Oh numbers. Here we go. I have a, I have a tweet. I have a tweet from Melyssa Ford that I want to read. I thought it was pretty interesting and compelling. The tweet says, and I quote something, I don't see women discuss very much girl friendship.


Breakups often hurt way more than romantic breakups. I'm experiencing a purge at the moment and my heart is broken with a heartbroken emoji. Aw, Sorry. I'm gonna run to the baseline three pointer spot now and pass the Mel. Well that Song Shut Up that sh song. Oh, shook, Shook the game. You're never gonna let me live that down. I just have it with having like an introspective moment where I just realized that the, I love hard. I love extremely hard. I love my friends extremely hard.


And so my expectation is reciprocation and When I discover that I am not being loved in the same way. Then that's a very painful feeling. you know, especially with somebody that you would give the keys to your house, shirt off your back, your last $5. That's just, that's how I operate in friendship. And I just had to assess a couple of friendships over the last like couple of weeks and just, it just, it, I will no longer put out the effort. That's just the assessment that I came to And. it just hurt because I felt like, you know, you just feel, it just feels like, you know, you just have, you just have to deal with feelings of being like betrayed and unwanted, you know, and unloved by people that you felt those things for.


That's it. Mel, can I, can I comment freely or should I be sensitive? Yes. Which one? Yes. To what? Sensitive. Oh Damn it. Fuck. Okay. Ah, because my comment may come off as insensitive. So Yeah, so then no. Okay, but can I, can I make a a assumption Because You know No, Just no You can, You can make a comment, you know, related to the topic and if you've ever experienced this because I don. Alright, So. I'll do that while he thinks of a way to No, that's okay. No, I was told no behind the scenes. What am I saying to you? Is there not unconditional love in these friendships?


Like what has to happen for that type of turmoil that exists between you and somebody that you say you love like that When you know that Like, I let Ish back in my life with open arms. Whoa, Yo Reword that. I always wondered how you two came back together. We love each other and we missed each other and we bagged mad bitches together. Okay, we've been to mad, you know how much shit, what he was gonna do, be mad at me for life and die. I mean, 7, 7, 8 years. That's a really long time, man. What hell been brain man. It'd been fucked that nigga forever. I believe that too. You would've Absolutely. Yeah. But you let you give time. Time and then you hold yourself accountable for whatever the fuck he was mad at don.


Don't fucking know. It wasn't even important. But, and then you hope that cooler heads prevail. But we love each other and we wasn't, we not beefing about nothing and boy we could both fuck out nigga. Like, you know what I mean? That's the end. So is what do girls you fight About? Hold on. So is she, it was you was it was you that needed to be accountable in this situation with Joe? Oh, that's not what I was saying. She's Reversing it. It sounds And When you reverse it like that. You open the door for me To come in. I'm absolutely not opening the door for you whatsoever. He looking For an open door. I trying speaking directly, trying to there bad. But I don't think that that's trouble making. I'm not, I'm asking A legit question and you, my girl, I had hold, hold myself accountable. I don't remember his role in it.


Okay. Was it like a Don do Ma Please stop. No, I'm just, I'm I'm gonna jump in. I'm curious to know was it like in a, I'm sorry and it's like, okay, I'm sorry too. Kind of sit God I don man, what you sorry about something control me. It was only me. Huh? And your story bitch. It don't matter. My point is, whatever was going on, we found our way back to one another before he got this job to bitches fucking audience out there. Yeah. Hard girl. Yeah. Nah, fuck the audience. Yeah nigga. We bit piece it up. But When you find that somebody is not willing to go to the lengths that you are to keep the friendship on track or get it back on track. Then you are like, you're wasting your breath and your time and your energy and you just call a spade a spade and say all season over done and walk Away.


It's The, the realization hit you. Like Yo, you start to question it. Like, were we ever even friends? Like I might have been a friend to you, but That's a two way Street. I'm, I'm, I'm fighting for my friendships. If we are in an argument and let's just say I feel like you did something to me, I'm still gonna communicate how it made me feel, et cetera, et cetera, so that we can meet in the middle of the carpet, I'm going to do that. But if you don't reach out to me, you don't, you don't exert any effort or initiative. Take any initiative to speak to me and try to clear the air or figure out how I'm feeling and, and, and share what you're feeling so that we can come to some, you know, you know, just agreement and as to how to move forward. If there's no planning then I'm just gonna take it as like, fuck me, you don't give a shit.


Alright. So you've been friend ghosted. I would say that, yeah. I would, I would say I would, I would say that, yeah, to a certain extent. Maybe doesn't, Doesn't feel good. No. Doesn't Feel good. No it doesn't. So yeah, just, yeah, That was it. The friend breakup hurts more than a relationship breakup. Yeah. A lot of times that was more I felt In that relationship. I felt the same way. When, I got suspended and you motherfuckers didn't defend me. I can, I could relate. Well I could relate this, I could relate ice and motherfuckers didn't say nothing. So, I understand man. you know, like yeah, co ghosts, coworker, ghost Cogo, We coworker ghost.


Who we supposed to say Yo Flip can't come back. We not coming in something else. Something else. I just wanna know. I'm just wanna know what that goes to me. But I'm fine with it. you know I'm saying they pulled last time around here that move. If he ain't coming, we ain't coming. All right. Bye. All of you niggas get out. Fuck out. I got more friends. Why Do you do God? They tried to scar me for life. Little secret. Me. It Was another, it was another secret meeting of our little pocket watching segment on Patreon where y'all bleeped out all the guesses that I made of the, how much y'all make a month. Where I was a little too accurate. Somebody decided to beep those out. I ain't know until the Patreon hit. Who beeped Them out? don don't know. It seems like there was a secret meeting. Yeah. you know I had nigga I gonna beep it out. I Had no, oh, I didn't know I wanted my answers to remain.


I wanted my answers to stay in there. I had a token Parks. Yeah. I had you niggas dead to right. Y'all better bleep it out. You didn't say nothing About me. Yeah, he he never say nothing about you. 'cause y'all niggas got this friendly rival. I'm tired of this shit. Not for Real. Not a friendly rivalry. Yeah. Y'all niggas is this a rivalry, brother rivalries rival brothers. You don't never see you get that nigga because he, he got the, he got, he got the nuke and you got the nuke. So it's like both of y'all doing this. So it's a standoff. Yeah. And sometimes you let the, sometimes you let this get his shit. How about we don't have nus and we not pointing at each other. I So I got eight. What? What is it? Nine Glocks. What do, what do you prefer? I don't even own a gun. Alright. Street nigga.


Whatever. Whatever y'all got. Y'all got something. It, it's so great. Why do you want niggas to be at war? Lemme just say, lemme just say at, I don't want you to be at war. Okay. It's entertaining as a, a fan of the P to watch this in real time. I watch how sometimes nigga you got the nigga dead, the rights and I see him for the like he calculates how he's gonna go at you. It's calculated and then he'll wait for the right moment. The Only time issue's ever right. Is when I'm wrong. No that's not. And then he's doing some og I'm older than you. I love you and I care about you Yo. I think you bugging out with this. So he'd be right. Other than that He be, he Don't be right. When, I ain't wrong. No, He be right most of the time. And then the only time it's really, really, really competitive is when the monopoly board come out.


But I done whipped his ass so bad in that that that don't ever happen no more. You free tonight nigga. I'm still here. Fuck is you talking about nigga? It's me. you know nigga beat. you know what nigga you know what time. I don't have nothing to do tonight. I got some money on. I have nothing to do tonight. Oh. Oh Lord. But you still owe Stop Yo. Stop Yo. You owed me money for the last Monopoly game. Stop. Leave me alone. We Ain't back. Oh. But I'm ready to bet. And Corey got Paid my money for that game And Ice money if that's the case. You ain't wanting a wild dude. I didn't. It lost and sauce. That's the bottom line. No it Ain't. I didn't. You haven't won in a long time. I'm getting Jumped. The fact you talking about you getting Jumped ice. That's not been our monopoly game for however many years. What? That he was getting jumped? No, whoever's up gotta face the board. Yeah. So why is he crying's, so why is he crying right now?


He call it getting jumped because, because He Skinned. Who cried? I said calls it. No, he said I'm crying. Oh yeah, yeah. Nah, you call it getting jumped because it's like if I'm battling the board but then somebody come do some bullshit. That just nigga The nigga bought the big dragon out and bro fly on my shit. When is me This fucking crying? Anytime Monopoly happens, he started talking about me and Corey as a team. Then he don't wanna build Cory house like he do mad for shit. Real life. Real in real life. I don't believe it. But that's funny. That's funny. You threaten a a nigga house. Finish Corey fucking house where the Trump areas is at. Nigga you threaten where Trumpsters is at.


That's funny sir. I was going to something head, I was going to something. Hey bring these niggas in. Hey we got guest, we got guests, we have none of 'em. Walk in man. Ain't stopping nothing for these niggas. Let them walk in. We go Yeah, Yeah. Let's see. Pound first. Nigga we got EYL Jordan don't kiss my cohost nigga. Jordan beat your fucking ass down. Huh? You try to kiss Mel kiss me nigga. I can't Get, Don't kiss Mel me, Me Nigga.


The guests always want to come and fucking kiss on Mel. Kiss on us nigga. Damn Nigga the Guests We using the podcast to come shoot at Bell. We have Well they don't shoot at nobody. They involved. No I'm, I'm they involved in general. Detroit girl made them get up your Instagram post recently. I seen that one too. Oh you did that too? Which one? Which one? The beach. The beach? Nah, nah, nah nah nah. I seen it. I Got a girl. I got a wife. Man don Don't do that. Well that's not meant wife. That's what I No disrespect last time you had me up here. No disrespect how the group is. Troy. You claiming your wife claiming his wife now. Whoa. I love one. Niggas claim their wives. Alright we have very special guests here, Troy and Rashad from Earn. Your Leisure.


Your fame clapping up for these Gentlemen Teaching financial literacy to anybody that wants to learn it out there. Really huge successful in Best Fed shit going on. If you know, you know, if you don't, hopefully you'll be there. That's this August. Mad brand partnerships, ambassadors. Like I've never seen this. God. Come on, come on, stop playing. They got EYL in the schools now. These niggas done scam with Mayor Adams. I knew it called Adams. Hey Yo, we need to get into Bronx Schools. I saw you niggas Got special. We got a special migrant program Y garbage initiative.


Right. You motherfucker Now we got them now. I promise y'all, I promise y'all that. This y'all are here for a friendly Thank you. We appreciate interview. No, We appreciate that because I Don't have hold up flip because don don't have no time for that bitch. Shit that Rashad did last time he was here and felt like the Fox. He yeah. Yeah. He learned, he learned fast Learner boy. Last time Rash was here, he felt like I was a little aggressive in my questioning. I felt like that was friendly fire. This is an entertainment show I have to entertain, but y'all are my man. I'm never gonna let it let it get too murky for y'all. Yeah. And then Rashad left here, got on his Insta Live. I hate when guests go to their socials when they leave here, got on his Insta Live and said, yeah, Joe don don't know what's up.


That's my man. I mean he's always looked out but something's going on with him that day. Something was going on with him that day. So lemme tell the audience. Rashad don't know me well enough to guess my fucking temperament. I was perfectly fine that day in a great mood, but this time we will have a friendlier vibe. Gentlemen, appreciate it. How how are y'all doing? Welcome back. You're Doing great man. And I love y'all. Don't don't let it let the audience say I Don love you. I think that's what the, the, the post led with like we love each other. It led with that. But then y'all kick my bag in. Now you Troy. Don't do it because you got a wife that declare that's your bag. He don't do it. That's your bag though, Rashad. I know, that's why I love it. I love it. Lemme Just say that I start with then I have never called Rashad and said, Hey man, that was some funny shit you pulled right Yo.


We always have good relationship man. Yeah. That's my god. My god I made PC and the death. That's so fat. That's a fat. How much more money did y'all make this year than last year? Oh man. Off of Invest Fest or just, just in general? Period. Oh man. Yeah for It. I have to ask the financial literacy guys how their financial literacy. Yeah, it's a valid question. Improve their life from year to year. And we got a pocket watch up here. Oh yeah, you got on your Hampton shorts, you got a pocket watch a little bit. You got Diamonds on your wrist. I never seen them Jordans. I told you Fancy watches Sneak never seen the new Michael Kors. They dropped Michael. Who fix it up?


Don't do that. Fix it, fix it. That's not Mike. Nah. Who that man. Come on man. How your brothers been man? Good man. We doing great Man. How y'all man? Congratulations on everything man. Y'all No, don't try to get our defensive. Don't try that shit. We great. Nah, we happy to see y'all. For real. We really happy. See, I'm happy to see y'all. I'm happy every time y'all, y'all come up here like this is great. Tell me what's new outside of the shit that I can't talk about. You said Y'all, y'all niggas have had a year more. What's up with You? can? That's all that's all. Yo. You you said I ain't talking about it.


What's up with you man? Yo, what's up? Are y'all mu Up? What's up? Are y'all Yo? We Good man. Talk like a human. I I'm trying to get a word out bro. We got, we got the curriculum in the Bronx. That's big for us. Congrats. Congrats. Official. It's official. Yeah. Did not Be, It's It's ready to fuck your house. Teach them how to build houses and shit. Man in the Bronx. Build a house for this curriculum. Nah, it's official. It was, it was launched in 12 schools in the Bronx. Gotcha. So shout out to Sophia Davis, who's the superintendent of District 11. So we piloted it there with the attempt of like, all right, once we get it there and it's up and running, we know the kinks.


Let's get it throughout the entire county of the Bronx and then let's get it citywide statewide. Yeah. And then eventually statewide. Hopefully, you know, we've been to to Washington a few times. Maybe this is something that now becomes fair. Federally mandated now. Now how do we paid from that? How do you pay? How do we pay? How do you get paid? How do we get paid from that? Like helping the kids Who? You, you, You, us. I ain't trying to help Kids. Oh, So. I mean it, it depends, right? A lot of times fuck them kids. Districts will pay for it or the city might pay for it. Or you might have corporate come in and say, you know what, this is a great initiative. We want the kids to have it for free. That's fire. And so we're in the talks of doing that right now And Invest Fest in August. Of course. Is it coming? We got the, we got the JBP section.


When is it? August 23rd to August 25th in Atlanta. That's when my fantasy football draft is. Here we go. Oh, is it in Atlanta? It's in Atlanta again. Is it? Oh shit. It lines up again. Ah, perfect, perfect, perfect. Lines up. What do you know? It'll be your what? Do you know? you Know your whole birthday week? Do you know we'll have a whole thing For you? No, my birthday week I'm gonna fuck outta Atlanta. I'm getting outta Atlanta for my birthday week. All right. So we got you there. We got you there. I ain't make up my mind yet. Damn, damn lot change since the last song we said. Damn. Oh yeah. Yeah, a lot. Actually I'm Probably gonna be in Atlanta that weekend. Alright, so we got you. Don't do that flip. I don't trust you. Niggas don don't trust you niggas. I Ain't, I Love Atlanta so They ain't really treat me like Joe button when Steve Harvey was around.


See, don't do that. See, don't do that. Stop. The first person you walked into was me. Stop. He got, he, he was sitting in the front row. He was sitting Ahead of me. No audience. I'm lying on them. He was sitting ahead of me. Okay. Okay. I am lying on them. I'm fat. No, they didn't do that. They didn't get Hollywood until after Steve Harvey finished. When Steve Harvey finished. I was like, Yo, what's up? Y'all wanna go get a bite to eat? He was like, nah, we gotta do this business. Walk around where the businesses is with Steve Harvey. you know you want to come, you're more than welcome to join me. We not gonna know you. What'd you say? We not gonna know you this guy. The fuck no. The difference. No, no, no. This is where, this is where we hit our intersection at. I, y'all know this about me. don don't do the cameras and y'all, it's a lot of y'all had that shit laced up with the press.


Shout out to different influencers, different people that were up and coming. It was a lot of, it was a lot going on in there. My introvert asked Yo, you remember when the dude from London came up to you? No, it was Backstage. So he backstage, right. And this dude comes up and he's like, Yo, I just a big fan, da da da. you know I'm from London so Joe's like, what does that to do with me? That's Joe. You said nothing. That's Joe. That's 1000% Joe right there. Like Yo. That's not facts. I'm just trying, that's not facts. He trying to network man. The fans come up to you. Oh my god. It's fucking Crystal's birthday. Would you take a picture? Well who the fuck is Crystal and why do I care about her birthday?


But shout out to the nigga from London. I guess I didn't give a fuck about that. All that prerequisite shit don't work on me. I don't want to talk to you. You made it very clear. You Made it very clear. Did I take a picture with him? No, My nigga. Yeah, That that's, that's Nasty bro. That's nasty. I've, I've done that so long that Joe Button fans They know, Know that about me. They say it to us and when they see me in the street like Yo is it, is it okay, I Think I'm in Nordstrom yesterday and nigga came up to me and was like, Yo, So, I feel like if you lie about who you are, you lie about what you attract. True. So they approach So. I wanna be very clear and who I am, what I like, what I'm down to do. I'm not sitting there taking no pictures. You niggas come out, start babbling the phone around, hand it to your cousin who never worked a phone before.


Now you stand there, you take 21 picks. I agreed to one pick. Get the fuck outta here. Sorry. Sorry. I'm not down for that. I'm Not. She's right. That passed on to us like they swear we don't know you Yo yesterday because of you Yo dog. I know you. I'm bro. That's not me bro. That's not me. So you not taking pics? No, I take them. I'm just saying is they think we are like him. Approachable. Yeah. So they'll be like Yo, I know y'all don't fuck with that. No that's not, we don't, that's not us. That's him. You take pics flip. No. Why not? I don't Like it because we not YI feel the same way. I feel the same way. He feels they love pictures. I take, I take you gotta Yo y'all niggas you going, y'all gonna get the picture no matter what. I forgot where y'all was from Row at Snuck little pick bro was like, y'all niggas don't care if niggas is a kid.


Yo y'all, what's wrong with you ain't matching Jean outfits had a nigga tape him with. Oh man Yo, y'all don't give fuck Troy could you do that? We did do that. That that's Nasty nigga. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Overexaggerated we exaggerated the Was sitting court side shout out to everybody that got us there. We was at the game. We was like, Yo was brony. I mean it's just a pick something light. The matching jean outfits. That was not playing though. That's crazy that you Remembered that matching outfits on a I ain't, we did have Deta on but it wasn't no matching, Matching Jean outfit. That's crazy. Made the, what was the Rashad shit that really grinded my gears.


It was one that Troy didn't do. Rasha, you'll be the one. What did Rashad do? Did he say hate me now? Oh this is how fucking Alpo and them felt. What did he say? Al alcohol. What did he say? you know he did not say that. He did not say that's the one I know how to who far. That's what the fuck. No that's not fair. Yo. He said That. But you said the biggest room you've ever sat in is the what? The Room. For. Growth. The Room. For Growth. Don't try to reverse my man. That was last year. That's Last year. Troy. That niggas taking, He ain't saying heaven with Pop. Nah, that was actually, that's when he was in Vegas. He said this house must to be our Tupac fell.


I said Rashad read that comment and said never Rashad. Yeah Man. That's in peace. Yo, rest in peace. The pot. How important do y'all feel like, I'm joking around but seriously, how important do y'all feel like the aesthetic is to what it is that y'all do? I mean it's very important. That's what, that's what got us to where we at. And we just have fun with it. We just ourselves. So we don't try to take things too serious. Like you gotta understand like we wasn't, it's not like we was groomed to be in this position. Like we're not rappers, we're not athletes. So anything that we get we grateful for and we don't like try to act like we not grateful. We try to act like, oh we too cool for the moment. Like if we end it somewhere and we meet somebody that we really like, I met Nas I told him like, Yo you my favorite rapper. Like, I'm not gonna be like, oh, Fanned out.


Yeah, for sure. I'm not that. 'cause that's that's true. Like I'm saying. So you have fanned out moments. You Of Course we, we had dinner with Nas. I told him like, When I was 11. You're the first person I actually wanted to be. Oh, both of y'all was fanned out. Of course It means a lot to us man. Okay. I Respect, I respect fan out honesty. I never, of course It's not even about y'all been fan out. It's not. Did he enjoy his dinner after that? We spoke for like five hours, Bro. We spoke for like six hours. It's crazy. He's the coolest. Nah, shout out to, but it's not about being fanned out, it's just about just like, you come from an industry, right? So you, you, you get positioned and groomed on how to act, how not to act like how to interact with people. We come from Outside A cell phone.


Oh right. We come from a cell phone. Right. So we don't, we don't have any gatekeepers. We don't have any mentors. We don't have any like a and r. So everything that we do is just really authentic. So I feel like having fun with it is just part of it. Like, you know what I'm saying? Having fun with it. Not, not really caring, not taking too serious. Like that's something I can do. Lemme ask you a question though. Do you feel like, because some niggas, I'm not saying y'all 'cause I, I fuck with y'all, but some niggas you could tell that they just got money, right? Because they don't know how to either dress the part, play the part, or they overplay a part. These niggas dress the part, they look good. Yeah. Yeah. Do you, do you feel like, have you ever overplayed the part? Like have you ever said something That would that made you like a nigga?


That really great question in our position wouldn't really say this because you just said Yo. We just having fun. So that means that whatever comes to your mind, you're gonna say it. You didn't, you wasn't Or did you ever catch yourself in the fanboy moment? Yeah, during work, like you're here for some work shit with somebody whose statuses, there we go. And you catch yourself on some, just On some shit that niggas may look at. Like I was thinking Like When I followed fucking Prince around that min lap Minneapolis airport. When he came out, I was going on a plane, he was coming out. I'm following you for the next mile nigga. Him and Memphis bleak following 'em both. But yeah. One that I don, I don't think So I feel like, like, you know, like what Jay says, like you was who you was before you got here. Like we are living in bottom me of that. Like, so it's fine.


I would throw this microphone at Nah, seriously. Like, so when, even Now, like, wait, What, when, when, when Ish was like Yo bro those js like that's something we've been, I've been doing my whole life, right? Dressing, like that's something we've been doing our whole lives. The fact that we resonate is because we look like the the average dude that you would hang out with, right? We are not coming in a bow tie. No disrespect around you that does that. We're not suited and booted. People have heard that message. They've seen that for so long. It's like, that's not the way to get through to an audience. Like our audience resonates with us. 'cause they feel familiar. They're like, Yo, these, these are my niggas. Like I Fuck these dudes. What, what are y'all doing differently? 'cause you said that's not what resonates, what are y'all doing differently from other people that may be in the same field that you think helps you to resonate?


I mean, we just ourselves, like we didn't come in, we ain't do lifestyle marketing showing people like Lamborghinis or private jets or like, you know what I mean? Like we ain't tried to get an audience. We just provided information and people started to actually make money from the information that they, that they were receiving from us. And they gravitated towards that. So that's how we always been like, we always just been ourselves. So, I feel like we didn't, we not trying to play a role. A lot of people get in and they internet marketers so they, they try to like get a online persona. Like our name is our real name. Like we don't have like, you know, a name that we made up or a persona that we made up or we don't have to show you our lifestyle. Like, it's just easy. It's easy to be yourself.


It's hard to kind of live through a character. It's memory is so much better than mine, right? My memory is really bad. But the more Rashad talks, I remember where we be going wrong now. Rashad is so buttoned up, like he's so perfect on his answers. We don't want to hear that shit up here. We don't want to hear that shit. When can we see imperfection from you? I feel Like he was throwing some shots in that shit. Oh no. That's the rashard gonna shoot at you niggas in a subtle way.


Yeah. Rashard Where do, where can we see imperfection from y'all? I mean, you, you see it all the time. You, you criticize me for saying I, I'm similar to, I remind myself of Tupac like Right. That could be considered an imperfection, Right? That's true. Yeah. So we don't try to be perfect, especially me. He's, he's actually more conservative than I am as far as like his outward persona. Like me, I do all kinds of shit. Like don don't do just dumb shit. But I'm not afraid to push the limits. I get criticized taking fashion too serious doing, you know. But at the end of the day, who cares? Like, you know what I'm saying? If I like it, if I like what I got on, I might comment. I might comment that I like Y'all criticized, I by the, We living out all shit in real time Fly.


I think, I think that's the thing that, To your first question, I was gonna jump in, but I was letting them cook I think that for the people that saw them when they first started and now you see 'em today, I think it's a megaphone almost to what possibilities are, excuse me, to what possibilities are available to the people that are following You. if you are a young black person, they from Yonkers. If you are a young black person from the inner city and you saw these dudes when they first started on this quest and now you see 'cause Rashad is way louder than Troy. So Rashad gonna show you his car. Rashad gonna show you this Rashad going to take the helicopter from where the fuck was you at?


Take The helicopter from the fashion week Was fourth. The 35th. No, that was me. No, I'm saying France. Yeah. So he taking the helicopter from fucking Fashion week to the south of France. I saw them six years ago, five years ago, whatever the case may be. So I'm showing, I mean they are showing me that this is a potential reality for me coming from where we come from. And I think that that's Fuck talking about. I didn't show you that to a different watch fucking mouth up here. 17-year-old asshole Yo You. Right? Like we lived out our imperfections, right? So when we started, it's a cell phone. Who starts with that? People watched us grow and so they feel part of that journey.


So even like for Invest Fest, right? People will like, hey Yo the sound or you know, the thing that's, we living out these imperfections, but we get to correct 'em in real time. That's funny. And so when we do it, it's like, oh, it, it becomes habit. It's like, oh, they make mistakes but they're in front of 'em. They're gonna correct 'em. They're gonna make sure the experience is best for us. And that's not, I mean from the day one it was like Yo, we don't even know how to record. The audio's not great. All right, well let's fix it. They stick it with us. 'cause the value add is so great. Have y'all, have y'all addressed the sound complaints? Yeah, For sure. Of course. We, we that's yeah we may adjustment. We gonna put carpet down. We didn't have carpet last year. The rooms are smaller. We could actually have made that room smaller. It was a lot of like dead space. So this is what you've seen is what's happening in real time. You gotta realize like you don't, I don't know the people that do Roland Lyle.


I never met the person that does Coachella, right? I, I know who does Essence Fest. But 99% of the population will never know him if he walked down the street. They actually know us in real time. Like we putting on the biggest financial event in the world. So in four years this is funded out of our own pocket. We not working with Live Nation, we not working with anybody. So we gonna make mistakes. Why Not? Because we independent and they haven't come to us with a offer that makes sense. What offer would make sense for them to come to you With something that we can't do? Right? So we went through the, we went through every the whole process aspect of it. So we know how to market. We, we know how to put the money up. we know how to get the talent. So it's like you telling us we could, we could put money up but we could put all money up.


Sure. We could help you get talent. We could. We could get our own talent. We could help you market it. we know how to market. Yeah, we can get you the venue. We got our own venue. Would y'all have a tour? We've done it. A world tour. I Tour we on a world Tour. Would you, would you tour consistently like 30 dates? Like Yeah, I mean we thought about it but you know, that's Because I would think that's where a Live Nation's value and I Don, I don't want disrespect Live Nation, but I'm just saying that Not neither. You gotta Have some level of understanding, right? This is not something that is really looked at like you should like hate on. Yeah it is like, damn, this has never really been done in real time and we actually are telling you how we're doing it and you're seen us succeed.


You're seeing us fail, you're seeing trials A it's like a reality show. Yeah. So it's like you Said All of the information that we're providing. Yeah, but that's bullshit. I ain't see y'all fail. No, I'm saying no not see us fail. Not fail. But I'm saying you're seeing us do it. Like you said, every week you hear that something about investment, we're doing this in real time and Self-Correct? Yeah. Like as things you know come up. Yeah, Absolutely. Or maybe Not fail, but you, you You can mistake You make mistake. Mistake. Who's Headlining this year? 50 cent. 50. Okay. Shout to 50. Curtis Jackson himself in the flesh. Well I mean the last time I was there it was like it was Tyler Perry and Steve Harvey. So besides 50, is there anybody else? That's Shannon. Shannon Sharp's gonna be there. Shannon Sharp. Okay. But this year, I mean it's not just about the big names 'cause we got Steve Harvey, we got Steven A. Smith, but we got a lot of initiatives.


So like Lauren London, we doing something really dope with her. We're giving away $25,000 to a woman led business and she's gonna lead a whole panel on women's health and wellness. The marathon team, we got Black Sam, we got Adam coming, we got jp and they going not only do a panel, but we doing a hundred thousand dollars pitch competition in the name of Nip. We can never put Nipsey's name on something if his family wasn't there with it. So it's like, you know, working with Black Sam, talking to him like every other day. So we got Don Peebles coming, billionaire real estate developer and he's going have a lending, if you're trying to get a loan to start a business or, or buy a home. We got a home buying workshop. We gonna teach people the steps on buying a home. We got a whole three Date.


I ain't get no check, huh? Say I ain't get no check. You don't come on the show man. We invite you on the show. Y'all gonna teach people about that. That's crazy, Right? Yeah. That's crazy. Ish. I'm waiting man. I'm Playing. I'm playing. We invited him to plenty of shows. He has not made one date, but we got Got, we got booking, we got Artificial Intelligence. We talking about, we were talking about not inviting him. We Was trying to get on market Monday. He was just like, Yo, I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come. That's very different from Booking him. Nah, he's My, you know what book me, ask Steve. But yeah, we got a whole, we got a whole track full of artificial intelligence, So, I, big names. We've been blessed to have big names and we have big names. Again, like I said, 50 don't really speak too much.


It's like on this level. Sure. But it's not just about the big names, it's about really impacting somebody's life and changing somebody's life. You get a hundred thousand dollars to start your business. What? That's gonna change somebody's life. You learn about artificial intelligence from root to, you know, being an expert over the course of a weekend. I change somebody's life funding, actually get funding to buy a home that's gonna change somebody's life. That's true. So what we doing is impactful in real time. So don don't want it to just get lost in the glitz and glam. Like this is actually real, real solutions to problems as opposed to just talking about the problem. I'm not gonna bring up everything that I told you guys off mic that I'm not gonna bring up.


All I need from y'all is Yo Joe, you was right. Tell that nigga he's right. If he's right gang, that's all I need. Was You right? You never said you was wrong though, But you never said he was right. I always told Joe he was right. I told you Joe, you was right. There You go. No, but you're Right. But you never said you was wrong. But that's true. That's different from saying somebody's right Joe. You were right. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think what you were speaking about that comes with it. I agree. I agree with that. That comes with it. Agree. I how you deal with it, how you manage it, how you respond to it, how or not respond to it. That will determine the outcome of it. Right? Like if you pay no attention to it, but you're aware of it, you See what happens.


Ain't lie I spoke to Rashad and I'm not gonna talk about it. Yeah, but I but you, you two brothers are cool under pressure. That's what I was, that's, that's the end of that. That's the end of that. You two niggas, boy y'all don't play. I mean, you know, it is what it is man. You Going do man. What you gonna do comes with it. What, I guess what I'm saying is what is next in the empire you guys are building because it looks huge from the outside looking in pause. I mean it's just about Like how do you scale at this point where y'all are global Expansion global that's important. Like, you know, When, you see a company, like I said this is another thing, like you seeing this happen in real time.


So it has to be a different level of appreciation because we didn't watch BET, we didn't watch the inner makings of BET happen. We just saw it grow, right? We didn't watch the, like you watching the inner makings of a media company grow education company, grow events, company grow in real time and we're still accessible. And that's important because it's a certain level of blueprint that we're providing for other people. Just like we are learning from your blueprint. Like you might do something and I'm like, oh that makes a lot of sense. We going do this. you know what I You mean might nigga go. So yeah, so global, global expansion. Yeah. West Africa for sure. Ghana, we, we went to Ghana a few times. Mm. So we got big plans for Ghana, Nigeria, the UK's a big market.


Canada is a, is one of our biggest markets is shout out to Toronto, shout out to the whole crew out there. And then on the education side as well, like, you know, we got curriculum, imagine what school will look like if everybody's learning this stuff in ninth grade, 10th grade. Like what I mean like a lot of people don't learn 30 years old, 40 years old. So if we can actually impact children at the, the earliest age, the most vulnerable people. If you think about it, children's, the most vulnerable people in the population. Especially if you're poor now we we having a different conversation as opposed to, you know, always trying to play catch up and clean our credit up at 35 years old. Yeah. And that's, that's not just a domestic issue, right? That's an international thing. And so like when we talking about we doing this in real time, yes there comes experience and people get to watch it, but critique comes with that.


And so we're super intentional about that. It's just not Yo we're going to the south of France, philia, nah, there's business there. Anywhere there's business, we feel like we should be there and we feel like we representing not just us, but a community that's following us. Sure. And so when we go, they wanna know why we were there and they wanna know what we learned. And so what's different about this moment is that for years, especially like what he just said, we watched own, when we watched, you know Tyler Perry, we didn't get to experience it on a day to day. This time it's happening in real time, but on the other end we're giving the information out in real time. And so as soon as we learn, we're giving it back. As soon as we learn, we give it back. We going to Ghana, here's what we learn. Here's what could happen in Ghana. Yo, we was in London, we was in Toronto, Yo. Here's what's happening there.


Here's how You can get involved. Whereas before this, it was like Yo, good luck. You going over there if you got family right, we're going on there. There this business happening in there. True. Here's some of the people you should be connect with. Here's what You can actually actually apply. Here's what You can take from America and bring here. It's, it is a whole information system now that changed the game And And it is ownership. Like just pushing the narrative of ownership. Like I said, we just get so comfortable in not owning anything. We don't question anything like, and shout out to BET, you know, great relationship with those guys. But the biggest night in culture, BE t's not owned by black people like festivals. Like all of these hip hop festivals, nobody that's black is running a hip hop festival. Shout out to Broccoli City. But we just get so used to just being talent that we don't even think about it.


That's weird. Like, you know what I'm saying? Shout out to Dean. That's one thing that he always said. Like we the only coach that just feels so comfortable having somebody else control our culture. So for us it's about ownership, it's about doing things and, and like I said, not just for us, but empowering other people and let them do things and partnering and doing stuff like that. So that's very important for us because it's like if we just are always going to be talent and never going to even question that somebody else is always running it and somebody else is always making the most money. Somebody else is always on top. And we just always gonna be fine with that. Like that's the issue. And it's happening like it's happening like as we travel, we're starting to see there's more people in ownership. There's two sided to the coin though. They're like, we're at a point where we don't wanna talk 'cause we don't wanna lose what we have.


And there's the other side is like, they never had a platform to talk. And so when we talk about spreading this thing internationally, it's like yeah, any leisure has worked great domestically, but Yo, there's, there's millionaires and billionaires that are in Nigeria right now, Tom, who that need to inspire, you know, their country, this Ghana, South Africa, Kenya, all these places. And I'm talking about Africa specifically. 'cause for us, like we're looking at that is the future When. you talking about the the population of, of the world and the amount of resources right, that are there. It's important that those people have those stories that are told authentically from where they're at. But to inspire where they're from as well. That's the reality show I had in mind for you brothers. Like I want to see y'all teach this in Dubai.


Like to one of niggas in the, I can't say it. I wanna see you go to one of Stop it, stop it. No, no. Dubai. They not playing with they're not playing the niggas go over there. Hey your money nigga, not fucking ass. Why would you say that to them? Dubai niggas don't play. They not playing with the niggas. Can y'all speak to me about we all, we all know where the state of the economy is. Yes. Can y'all speak to me about where y'all see that going in the next one to four years? I mean, it's going to get extremely harder Scare people. Let's go. I mean it's, it is reality. Like you look at artificial intelligence. They say AI is gonna take 200 million jobs over the course of the next 10 years globally.


200 million. That's a lot of people. I Think that's the short number. I think it's gonna be more than that. Yeah. So I mean. And then if you look at how much it felt like the riches getting richer. I was talking to a contract that he was saying that he never saw people pay this much cash. And it's like, so money is is in flow. It's just, if you don't have access to it, you don't have any access at all. So it's gonna be like either you're gonna be super wealthy or you're going to be damn near destitute. The middle class. Exactly. The middle class is disappearing. Yeah. It's over. It's it's, it's damn near gone. It's over. Yeah. That's a Fact. Sure. Yeah. State of the economy is gonna be, yeah, it's gonna be dire like in the next 10 years we gonna be seeing some shit that we seen on movies.


Y'all think that brick shit is about to have real effect. What? It's not just bricks that you, you look at alley Up to the guys. What You look at, you look at the whole global landscape. Bricks is part of it. But I feel like, you know, every country is getting pushed towards right wing agendas. Anti-immigration. This is happening in Europe. This happened in South America. This is happening in America. If you really pay attention and everybody's kind of on the same accord. And what it is, is, is empowering a growing minority. 'cause even like the magnet, that's a minority, right? But now it's empowering the minority and really subjecting the majority. And that's, that's dangerous because if you have a select few people in power, select few people with money and then the vast majority of the people you just keep entertained with nonsense and just barely surviving.


That's a recipe for disaster. Eventually. So I feel like if you don't, if you don't really get it over this next five years, it's gonna be hard. It's gonna be extremely hard to catch up. 'cause the way technology is moving, like we got, this is damn near magic. If you ai, like that's damn near magic. you know what I mean? Like You can really, it could actually, You can train it to think for you. So before you even f sentence that chat GT's already telling you, which you think it would Think. My mom tells me every day that that little AI shit on her phone is her best friend. That shit scary. She don't ask nothing, ain't you Don't ask nobody nothing. If it ain't that little AI thing, It ain't gonna be a catch up. Like I I, I spoke to some execs at some of these companies, Nvidia Meta, there is no catch up.


Like we need to learn this now. So like education is the only solution for it. Either we're gonna be investing in it or we're gonna be creating it. Because if you look at the past five to 10 years, the amount of millionaires that's been created in America has been at all time high. New York has the highest number of millionaires, right? Yeah. In the country. But you gotta figure out, if we became millionaires then the people who already had wealth, let's say the Mark Zuckerbergs of the world. Yeah, super wealth Elon we're talking about not billions, but like at a certain point, like Elon could get to a trillion. Not just that You can, sorry, but that gap, right? So somebody who's now a trillionaire, think about this. Somebody who's walking, who's worth a trillion dollars and the person who's just trying to get a job, right? There is, there is no barrier to, so the AI thing, yes it's gonna take over and I I think yeah, you low ball a little bit.


200,000, it could be 300, 500,000 million. But the jobs that it replaces, we have to figure out how can we implement it so that we are creating what it replaces. I I don't think You can, We can, no, we can if we're on, if we understand the technology, right? So there's diff different, different aspects of AI that we can be in it, right? Whether it's from an engineering, whether it's a robotics, whether it's from large language models, there's different aspects. But we gotta understand, wait, what is that right? How do we become an engineer in that space? So we're not just saying like we're using it. We've used technology for so long, Instagram isn't what it is without us MySpace wasn't what it was without us. Facebook wasn't was without us. But, but if we create it now we're on the ownership side of it and now we're Benefit.


It's still a minority stake. I think that with, with the emergence of artificial intelligence, you gonna now take where something needed a hundred people physically to get it done. Now it could be reduced to three, right? It's hard to replace those 97 jobs again. You get what I'm saying? Because the industries are are ra if you look at real estate, just from a commercial standpoint, niggas is working at home, mad shit is working at home. Mad, mad people working remotely. The stuff that it took to get one task done, they're getting robots to build houses. Now we saw this before. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? The assembly line. Yeah. We saw what it did. That's why with the motor industry and, but the assembly line produced jobs not reduce jobs.


It took jobs too. It took a lot of jobs. That's What I'm saying. It took a whole lot of jobs. We've seen this happen before. That's it. It it was like when somebody was explaining to me, think of it like this, right? When somebody used to go to the mail office, right? And then you'd have to wait five days to get information and then a email was created. Don't you still get mail? The emails weigh more efficient though, right? So jobs were taken. You've Been to a post office lately? Yes. That shit look like a ghost town. But people still work there. Right? But but the amount of people are smaller. The amount Sally ain't got but another four months. Yeah. Amount. What I'm Telling you Now look, but here's the thing, right? So now you got Gmail, so somebody has to run behind that and do the prompts with Gmail, they have to do the organizing, they have to make sure that that runs of efficiently. So jobs are gonna be created, but we just gotta make sure that we're not just the person that's using the email.


We're on the other side of it. Is what I'm saying. We could agree to Disagree. Okay. I think that in the next 10 years, most people will be on public assistance in some Way, shape, or form. And that's, and that's a, that's So it's not gonna be, I'm not knocking, I'm not, I'm not with necessities. Like we talked about the millionaires in New York, a million dollars today aint a million dollars that it wasn't get The niggas an issue. No, I'm just saying like, dog is a million dollars in New York City. You ain't popping. No I'm not. That shit is different. Is coming home with 30 and 40 and 50 grand. you know what I'm saying? I know, but I mean it, it is all relative. And I think that, that's what I'm saying. I think that the, the people now the government is gonna be able to say, Yo, I'm gonna give you I a stipend for food.


I'm gonna give you a stipend for housing. But now you gotta do what we tell you to do. You gotta play ball by our rules or you lose that I think that's What we have. So what you, what you're referring to is the zombie comedy economy is real. Where they saying millions of people are gonna be jobless, getting government as assistance just to stay home. Just so you don't just go in the streets and just start killing people. You they'll keep you entertained on a certain level. Yep. And that's gonna be more cost effective than even trying to get somebody a job because there's no job to be had. That's a fact. You ain't, you ain't, you ain't wasting resources just being outside. Yeah. It's A fact. Before y'all go, I want to get y'all thoughts on the Trump assassination attempt.


What's your question? Is It your thoughts on it that I I just want your thoughts. Was it staged, deranged? No. Your, we just want your thoughts. Did you think about it? We don't care about staged deranged, we don't care about none of that. We think that, what are your thoughts? Nah, any, any thoughts? Nah, it's interesting to see somebody on the roof for three minutes. Get up, get back down, get up, get back down. And people like screaming like Yo, he got a, he got a rifle, he is on the roof and nothing happens to him. That's pretty legendary. Kind of like situation To take Place for sure. So it's interesting times that we in man, but who knows man at the end of the day it is, it is one of these things, if he staged it, it was a, a hell of a marketing campaign because I think that that just sealed the deal for him as far as the president.


As long as he don't just completely fall apart, I don't see him losing. So, and if he didn't stage it, hey kudos to him for having the, the, the presence of mind to get up and have the black power fist. Like, you know, that's something that if it was staged great Ku Him, kudos him. But if it if shot Off, If it, if it was a That's a fact though. You thinking about it, if you're 78 years old, if you get grazed by a bullet, you nine times outta 10 are gonna be so frantic that you're not even gonna realize what's actually happening. That's why people are saying like, is this real? Because like who in their right mind is gonna get hit by a bullet and then your first response is to put the fist up and stand up and grab your hat And all of that.


Bob Mar got, Bob Mar got shot in the performing the same night. Bob Marley was 25 years old. This is 78-year-old. Is he 25? Bob Marley wasn't a rich man that Been rich entire, entire life Got shot. He Got shot. Bob Marley from Trenchtown the trenches. He was in his twenties at the very least, his thirties. Not a billionaire he was in with that environment. He wasn't a billionaire. Far removed. Never been around that environment. 78 years old at a political rally. I think it's two different things, but yeah. Hey, You talking about niggas getting shot and, and having a zeal to go back up there and stand up. I mean got, if if I, and I honestly I see your point, but I'm just saying it is a possibility of getting shot and still being happy in the moment that At, at that age you shot me and, and we busy trying to wipe this shit up right Here.


That's why I said, I said if it was real you didn't say that. Kudos to him for having the peace of mind. I don know if it was real Or not. You said that though. You said that The first thing he says was like getting my hat or getting my shoes. I mean it's unfortunate. I think the fact that somebody lost their lives is unfortunate. I agree that I think that other people were in that. That makes it unfortunate. Does it look interesting? Does it look suspicious? It does but that's just the, the world that we live in, right? Like something like that could happen. It's like wait, was that real? We At the point now where you question Everything I tell people like this and we said this the other day, man, whether he's the president or whether he's not the president, whether it's Biden or it is Trump, we still gotta educate ourselves and get to money, get that Spanky like we ha like it don't matter.


Like you know what I'm saying? Like he in the past four years has there been a policy that has changed the way that you've done business? I can see how you niggas make money son. Nah, it's just real shit. You going right back to you niggas. We talking about Trump assassination but it's real. I lied. I think that shit is fly. It's real. I'm stick a Lesson. I mean it's like because I Gotta see how you niggas do it. Yes. It has been policies that have changed the way I've gone about business. You fucking right. What policy when they stopped the abortion in Texas, Nigga is crazy. That changed your business. All you That changed your business model. This is Crazy. Talk to me. Trip to Houston, man. No more To Houston. You're a resident. She got, she got spooky That my Nigga you married.


I aint shit was a thing. What's the over under that that Trump that's crazy. Wins the election. The over under that Trump wins the election. Well that's just the thing. Minus my brain is not there because if y'all started trying to take him out six months ahead of time, then I imagine more attempts. Y'all can't have side talks while we're talking. I imagine more attempts on way before it's time to pick a winner On both sides. No, just Trump's side. Just Trump side attempt At Killing him. Killing, killing him. Nah, they ain't gonna, they they can't do that again. Yeah, that's over. That's over with. We Thought they couldn't do this the first time. I hear you. Secret service. So you talking don don't believe that. I think they, they 100% could do it again.


The job that Secret Service did, they missed 'cause he had the the migrant sign up, they gonna remove the migrant sign and just let him stand there. Not him stand and then they going then they gonna get him. I can't see That. He gotta move the right he got he he gotta move. Right, right. And listen, as much as I disagree with a lot, most of the things that Trump stands for, I don't want nobody to die. Trump gotta Do his next speech. Like Lil Kim So, I don't want nobody to die. I don't, I don't want Trump to die. That's crazy. Crazy. All I telling you, just gotta keep moving. Alright, so we got Invest Fest, we got into the school curriculum. Shit, I wanna make sure we get to everything. What up? We got into the fashion. We got into the captions Pac, we got into, well we can't get into that but you know what I mean.


Respect their Wishes. Yeah. No, I mean that's not that you crossed gone cross lines. See What, Happened. Shout to everybody. There you go. Shout there. Is there, is there anything that I am forgetting to ask? And is Rashad gonna kick my back in after this Interview is open? I guess. And lemme just tell you both. This is y'all very last time here without us being invited to your platform during the year. You've been invited. This is your last time here. Okay? I'm telling y'all that I'm Not, I'm not sure what You, I ain't been to marking Monday. I ain't been to fucking Titty Tuesdays. I ain't been to nothing. You can invite niggas up. You gotta invite us Ty. All right. You came, you came on Earn, Your Leisure, right?


We did an episode with you Nigga. That was in 2016. That was last year. That was last year. That was last year. That's crazy. We did it right here. What the fuck is wrong with you? Oh that don't count. We, I want to come to y'all Shit established. Don't come up here. We told you, we asked you to Speak on, we asked you to speak on stage Yo. What's wrong with you? Madison Square Garden. We invited you. That's a Fact. That's true too. Ish. Ish has been invited multiple times. This is also true. Melyssa, You've been invited to our show. Blackout. I think you Don't invite Mel to nothing nigga. Yeah nigga. We don't invite Mel. We Don't allow that nigga. Yeah, not your shit don't talk. We got don't nothing nigga. Don't you Yo. Who invited? Don't invited me to market Mondays Ian. He didn't did happen.


That's a legend. Did you invite me to Mark Monday? I still did. You invite me to Market Monday? So I. So maybe it's a legend. So I. Ian didn't invite you. don Don't know what nobody did. Ake I'm just asking. I'm just asking. Did we are inviting you to invest What Y'all, what y'all, I mean if y'all interested any, any of y'all. If y'all interested to come on, that's it. I want to come to that dinner that y'all do with the bitches in Atlanta after Fest. Shit is over. Yeah, I want to come to the dinner. Crazy son. They invited me to that last time but I ain't have to. It wasn't right. Shit.


This year invite me to the bitches dinner. Are you, are you coming to Atlanta? You gonna be in the fest? Yeah. Don don't do that. We wanna go to dinner nigga. I'm gonna my fancy football shit this time I'll bring an outfit. Foot the dinner with the bitches that y'all host every year after y'all get away from Steve Harvey and them. You know the one I'm talking about ladies, you know the what I'm talking about. Gotcha ladies. Yeah, I'm not coming for the ladies. No you going for the bitches? Yeah, I'm big difference. You going For the Magnificent. Any last questions for Troy or Rashad? Ah Man, get your tickets to Invest Fest. Oh shit. Yo bro. Lemme get shit off Yo. Get Shit off. Get your tickets To invest Man. We got, we got 50.


I said we sat down 50 queens. Man, I'm gonna come Down. I'll do that three hour conversation. He's gonna have a good one. We got 50. We got Steve Harvey, we got Shannon Sharp, we got Lauren London, we got Marathon, we got everybody. So Amber. Amber. No we don't Have Amber. We might have Trump. We Might have Trump though. You never know. Hey Junior. Junior. Only son. Nigga Don't be like academics. Yo. I'm gonna interview with Trump. It'll be, it'll be the son Yo. That's What. Happened. Yeah. He interviewed Donald Trump Jr. He Went to Mar Largo. That was like two, that was like a month ago. Right? Mar Largo. Lar. Shout to act number one. I'm one on the complex media list. That's a Fact. That's a fact number.


Tell you Number two. This two. Number two, top two. Not one. These niggas know my body. Fuck you talking about you EYL. Ladies and gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen. EYL. Congrats y'all love. No Matter what the internet says, this door is always open for YouTube. Gentlemen, y'all have my utmost respect, love and support. And again, I say this all the time, it's just important to show that work ethic and hard work can be rewarded. I feel like you two brothers are a shining example of that. And it Fire. Appreciate That And salute. Salute Love With the bitches though. If you come. I ain't even know that didn't existed. my nigga do them niggas act different. Like When you go Out there when they jewelry is on.


Yeah. Yeah. They just go shit When. I ain't gonna lie. Me and Corey was waiting outside that big ass arena for more than I like to on the walking. Oh shit. Yeah. Hey, hey I remember nigga. That's true. I remember nigga. Right. That's What. Happened Yo. Come on man. It's crazy. We was out there for about 25 Shorty at the party, shorty at the ticket booth. And. it was a hot day. Nigga was hot. Was was hot. Shorty at the ticket Booth start out. What's your name when the pump it up don't work. We stuck there nigga. Pump it up. No, I don't see that. I don't see bump it up. But I mean after 30 minutes we were accommodated.


30 minutes we were accommodated. I'll be back out there Steve Harvey if you listening salute Steve. I'm talking Steve Harvey. I, I'll be more interested in Steve Harvey's stylist. That's my man. Ellie, You know him Ellie. I would like to continue to get to know him. That nigga don't. Nah, he's next. He's next up. I can't afford him nigga. He's next up. I can't afford him. I'm trying to get to, Hey man you could got a nice picture. I'm testing the dms trying to get a discount. I'm Sending John get discounted. He don't. Not yet. He Special with the clothes. Yeah, he's special. He don't play. They told me that same thing about Cardi style and he showed up to the BET Red carpet looking like a bag of shit.


Don't worry about. Sure. Rashad make Make some noise. No IG lives. No IG lives. I got You. I got you. I Got you. Say right now. You had a good time. Oh shit. Gonna say Say right now. You had good time. I had a great time. Alright, there we go. There we go. There we go. That's peace. A fool. That's Peace. That's Peace. Appreciate y'all. No doubt. All right, we are back with the normal crew that works here. Shout out to Troy Rashad. Ian Dunlap the whole Earn Your. Leisure. The guys shut the gang. Them niggas will sell water to a well boy. They will. They know how to talk. Well dumb as some smooth talking niggas right there.


Boy. You gotta be careful around them. They had them niggas in the car dealership. You be fucked up. Yeah, You gotta be careful around them. Shout out. Shout out to those brothers. What else? What else? What else? What else does a Kendrick Lamar not like us. Video game. Yeah. Smack the owl around Smack. Yeah. When. you get to beat up an owl. Hilarious. Looks like the little Nintendo game. Eight big game. Hey cool marketing. Yeah, cool Marketing a fan made it. I'm not gonna a fan made. Fan made Ain't a real good game. He put his, it's not a game I'm gonna play but I didn I played it. You know, just outta curiosity. And did you beat the shit out of the Owl? Did you win? There's nothing to win, you just wanna run it.


Even the funny part says the the high score is 69 so try to beat 69. Oh shit. Did you beat 69? No I didn't get 2 69. Freaky ass boy. Yes, Myself and a lot of people that I talked to that played this shit kept getting stuck at 21. Same. Yeah When. you just couldn't pass 21. I couldn't either. I saw some screenshots. When I I tweeted. I'm like alright. Nobody I know has made it past 21. The people start showing me they made it 22, 26, whatever, whatever. But it's just some cool fan shit that's keeping people engaged. The song is back number one again. Probably not because of the video game. No, I'm just, I'm just saying like this is growing, this isn't going anywhere. It's not going Which was our point. Facts. This is what we said from the rip. This song is not going anywhere for a while. Any thoughts on Little Wayne on stage saying they not like us holding up.


He said they don't like Us. They don't like us while holding the OVO chain. Any thoughts on that one? I don. I don't know what the fuck that meant. Yeah, don don't know. don don't want to read between the lines. 'cause it could be pro, could be con It can go either way. So. I have no idea what that one It could. It could really go either way with them. Yo you so pussy. It's not pussy. I really just don't s know what he meant by it. It's pussy. Your pussy is Okay. How so please What you think it mean? Not about that I'm calling you pussy because what does it say that we don't know what it means. Well he didn't come Tell. Tell me what that part says. Okay. Okay. You are Lil Wayne. You are the biggest rapper in the world. And if you wanted to make your declaration of OBO, you hit a stage, held the chain up and said they don't like us.


Was that the most powerful of That's all I'm saying. No. No, not at all. That's I'm, if you wanted to make a statement, you would've made a clear, concise, it was a very weak statement. Concise. It could be pur, it could be purposely cryptic. It could be. But now you take what comes along with Oh absolutely. Being purposely cryptic, which is the niggas like myself that don't necessarily believe you all the way in on OVO. We said that though. We and you're saying that now after like the, the winner's been declared now in Wayne's defense. He might have just found out that they battled. I Really all jokes aside. No, seriously, That's the truth. Wayne might not have no idea that they battled. And in that case, I take it back, he might have just heard that, Hey hold up now. What Happened, what y'all doing? Am they ain't, what's going on? What they don't like us Wayne's shocked like Wayne, they don't like us.


Funny shit is That's really believable. Y'all Did what you did Aubrey. Yeah. Wayne thought 21 Savage was a group. Wayne ain't pay attention To. He don't know nothing that's going on at all. Nothing. He don't care at all. He just had Skip Bailey's house with his wife with skipping his wife. He don't, he he know what's going on. Wayne be chilling. Like Shout Duane. Just know that Joe Button does not believe that that is a firm endorsement of your OVO. Standing So I. Don't no sorry Unbothered. I like It. Yeah, I've been around too long for that one. He may get known when he don't fuck with something or somebody. He would jump right out. So yeah. I'm with you. Getting away from the Drake News. There's an interview going, I mean we got sleepers. I got a sleepers right here.


What they sleeping on, Joe? That's a good attempt. Left it left it there. Right there. That shit's still sitting by the Ribs. Looks like with Jam High LOBs. It didn't Come down yet. Just in case. I gotta make sure I'm leaving the deal just in case. All you don't want to slam it down home. All right, we out. We out. We Out. Well you going to sleep? Not until we talk about college. 25 I. don have To talk about college. College 25 NCAA college football. 2025 on Man College. 25. We've been waiting for this game for since 2010. No, Since. Since 14. Since 2014. That shit come on man.


Used be crazy. Back in the day this people were rating down. Who don't know. This ain't what a game Con told since Atari sit down. You are o on nigga. Back in the day. What's the last game console you bought? Dreamcast, PlayStation. Which one? Bs one Neo. OG think I think three. The Old one. Matter of fact, I got a four. Oh that's the old one. I have A four. But did you play it? I played, I had bought a Final Fantasy. Oh, Okay. Shit, I Used to be my shit back. I didn't know you Nerd I didn that Ish. But his own special customized final Fantasy with Man White Girls You can choose from The Moon Yo.


That's hilarious. Shit. Yo, go ahead. Nah, just, just shout to the, the sports gaming community. Like yes. We've been really, really waiting for this ever since, you know, ed Oban and them sued the NCAA back in, I think it was like oh nine and, and really just fucked it up. I, that's bad. Fucked it up from a fan's perspective. Like they sued them both. Yeah. 'cause he did what he was supposed to did. He did both of them. The Oban brothers, They thought they was trying to be slick. Well, well they were, they got away with it for a few years because they didn't have, they didn't have a deal to use their name, image, or likeness in the game 'cause they wasn't allowed to get those deals. You had the deals with the schools and the NCAA to actually go ahead and put the teams in the game. So you would have quarterback number 15 from Florida Gators who look like Tebow, but they don't say Tebow on the back, but you know who that is.


Same stats, same everything. So they, they ended up suing them like Yo, you're using us just without saying it's us and one. So we went a long time with no college games and this shit has lived up to every bit of expectation. Yo, I played the, the game comes out Friday. But if you by the deluxe, you were able to start playing Monday at four o'clock and my phone been on fire from niggas all across the country who's been rocking since four o'clock yesterday. Like we was counting down. Muslims showed up. It wasn't Rap Niggas is out there rushing to play this game. Rap Niggas is Muslims. That's true. Rap niggas. That's not Muslims. It ain't just Muslims. I'm saying okay, five percenters. But nah, nah, it was just something, it felt good.


Like I, I immediately ran on there. I Hey all y'all out there Rutgers, come get the smoke. I'm running with Rutgers. I know. Keep your jokes. We good over here. But it, it is just a, it was a happy moment to see us get You better be Ray Rice, Rutgers. No, this is current. They got you. You get the recruit, you get the they real players. Yes. Okay, cool. Yes, I might, I might. I'm might hop on. They have real players. They, they because now the players can get paid. Right. Oh shit. Before we get to sleepers, really quick question, hopefully really quick answers. Is there anybody here that believes Team USA will not bring back the gold? No. After that six point win over Australia the other day? No, no, no. They, they have to bring back the Gold. I don't know that they bring back the gold. Yeah. I Tell my I, don know they have to bring back the gold Joe.


They've caught me out my mind my whole life. That ain't gonna move me off my position. I don't know that they bring back the gold. That's not a guaranteed with the way that some of them teams look. I said it before. What? What? Happened. Australia's nice. Canada's nice. Yeah they Team. It's some nice ass teams with NBA players and if them niggas show up like they wanna sleep on somebody one day, I don't know that they bring 'em back To gold. That's why I say because I don't think they're gonna sleep on anybody. Especially after What Happened last outing. Not just that. Even if y'all start bullshitting, it's somebody on them benches that's going to start kicking in the gear from a player's perspective, not even the coaches. Okay, but are y'all American? I am, yes. So y'all biased team, Team U look real talk team. I'm not American. Everything team. USA men's basketball is embarrassed after last time.


That's really what this is now. Now your pride is on the line and you ain't, they took that shit as a joke last time and you got smoked. So now it's like oh. That's why LeBron said that immediately afterwards. Okay. Nope. I'm going to get no more of that bullshit. We getting our stars. Did you, you look at, look at the last men's team. It was a joke that they even and you ain't, you ain't telling me all the people When. I picked starting five. Alright so you On add roll? No I don't do any of that stuff. Half Adderall, I don't do any of that stuff bro. No. Did you watch somebody take Adderall? No baby. It was in the air. Why do you ask? Got secondhand, secondhand smoke. I'm gonna fuck the rest of y'all up for ice being on Adderall. Fuck I'm Not fam don't put that on me please. I'll just, I don't like that. Me Mel, you and Ish have basically had a pod off because ice has just felt like Podding on some Adderall shit.


Like Wind said nothing. No. Can you stop with Adderall shit though? I Take that. I'm joking you not Adderall Ice, ice doesn't do drugs. Maybe a little Energy drink. Let's, let's Remix it. Four Loco Five add. You want a Four four Logo? No bro, there was topics here that I really wanted to talk about. Red Bulls back Eminem. You do. I mean you doing your, you did your thing Man Mountain do then that's probably, bro We love you Ice don't do that Eminem Mountain Together. No him. He Killed this. I Hey nigga, let the nigga Kill it. If he didn't do that I'd have been on Mel's ass a little bit more. Pause. But we don't Wanna be on male ass all the time. Don't Well other people do. Yeah, me and flipping And it have a blast with ass not No. That's kind of odd. We some crazy shit. We do like that.


No wait me flipping And it don't like that dog. That's our shit. Well fuck Mel you fired. Now we can't talk about on that Joe. Campaign, campaign. Campaign Campaign. Confusing. You Bought Loading up on that guard's. That is a great pick for y'all for the cheek. It is a good pick. That is a very good pickup for the cheek. It's confusing. It is confusing. I'd have took him for what y'all paid him A mill. We got that nigga. A mill sound like A steal. It's a steal. A a guard that could come off the bench, run the team and score. We Wasn't really hurting that guard but I'll take it.


Listen, I guess it's Tom Thito saying I'm trying to strap up to to to the 12th band after What Happened last year create a shot. My question to y'all don don't think I didn't pay enough. I didn't say enough about Jalen Brunson's pay cut. I did not. Yeah, That was true. You did. I didn't say enough about it. Now you got Like When I went Home. It was Fly. That shit wasn't fly to me. When What? It wasn't fly to me. Wait like that. He would take that much of a pay cut. Why? We saw Jason Tatum and what Jason Tatum made Jason Tatum's $16 million translated into 25 that he takes home. Cool. Ja. Jaylen Brunson has come and revived the Knicks, one of the richest franchises in the history of sports.


Okay, Pay me but I wanna win bro. No, some of these niggas really wanna win. If it was your team, you'd be excited. No I wouldn't. What? This is wrong on both fronts. Why? That's my opinion. My opinion ain't wrong. But I Y'all Said y'all sitting here every day in Champion how these white people get rich off of black backs and black dollars. Pay that young black man for reviving your fucking franchise. He didn't demand that himself though. Ish, my take is that Jalen Brunson will walk away with more money because of this. Yeah, I saw what he's eligible for and that's the next, that's not Ed nigga 28. What are you talking about? It's 24 Ish Dog. Some people could see the Long as Ish Listen to me. Got it. But listen to me really quickly. I'm shocked. The deal that he was eligible for was next season.


It's not this season that money would not have come into play right this second. Keep going. So that pushes back a year. When you eligible for your extension. He has a player option on the last year. So he signed a four year deal, I want to say four years. He left the fifth year off the table. He signed a four year deal player option on the fourth. So after the third he's gonna opt out and get every single dime he's owed. His value will be at a all time high because they will have done more winning in the next three years. you know that 'cause they gave away the draft picks. It's rumored that Mikel Bridges now is gonna turn around and do the same exact thing.


I can't applaud Leon Rose enough as the Knicks who have been the franchise where players leverage used us for the leverage or just came near when they were at the fucking end of the career. The end of the road for players that are in their prime to now be taking large substantial pay cuts to play with the Knicks. That money is coming back tenfold on the back end. So you say what I'm telling you is one that's Well He already in he shit he was shooting a commercial yesterday. He was gonna shoot it. He was in a commercial the other day. He was in a comm. I think that he will be in more commercials than we've seen Jalen Brunson who doesn't necessarily have the box off his personality. That's true. He's gonna be in more commercials. That's not as a result of him taking a pay cut.


The two things are equivalent. And the two things could be true. He could have maxed out his deal that he was available to get and still be commercials. He's in the biggest market in the world and he turned a franchise around you saying that like, because he took the money bump. He's getting the commercials. That's not true. I'm applauding the Knicks being a functional organization. Nick caught organization for one and two. I'm applauding anybody that's willing to take that much of a pay cut to play with their friends. 'cause that's the other part. I don, that's not highlighted enough. Well we he can't, we can't afford your friends if you don't take this pay cut. And here's the other thing, we can't afford your friends. Here's the other thing too is he agreed to this shit. It is true. He Agreed to this shit.


He bought in. He He believes it. Now I know some of y'all up here will not take a pay cut to work with your friends. Correct? Hey, They ain't gonna be quiet. No, no. They ain't gotta be quiet. I'm sprinkling this out. See I know that. So y'all may not view the move the way that, what's that big, big man What Happened. I mean if we're talking about like $140 million for four years, I He got 1 0 4 for four years. Okay. And so what was he supposed to get? What? What was the He got more than what was the pay? I thought it was, I'm looking at, I thought I saw one 40. No, That's wrong. He got a four year, 104 million deal. That's wrong. Oh no. Pardon me. Yeah, That's wrong. So it's one 40, right? He got more than 1 0 4.


He'll make due put it that way. Telling Jalen Jalen Brunson, I love, you know the rest of the Knicks. I love you. This is the first season where I'm actively Trying, Ja is 1 56. This is the first season where I'm actively trying to get Nick's season tickets no matter whether I go or not. Hey, somebody up there. MSG Ear. Let's get it together you guys. Somebody talking. I'm buying season tickets. I wouldn't give a fuck. You can go up to I'm, I'm buying season tickets. No, I'm not talking to Spike. So what they said was he left $113 million on a deal table if he would've signed next year. My point was we saw what 62 million a year translated into for Jason Tatum, which was 24 change.


Yeah. New York's taxes are higher than Massachusetts. So his money is gonna translate into maybe 10, 15, 15 million. If that poor guy, good luck. However, will you manage, How will he feed his family? What if That's worth it to him for y'all to go get me the help. 'cause I really want be an NBA champion. Got it. And I want play with my friends and I want to win. And I know what winning will net me in the long run is all I'm saying. Yeah. I'm Playing a long game here. I'll take And taking an extension is gonna get you another long-term contract on the back end. That would not be there if you didn't. Yes, I agree. Listen, I got listen, I got a sleeper for y'all.


I got a sleeper. I have a sleeper for y'all. I told y'all that I was on my phone buying the bounce version of every song that existed from New Orleans. I told y'all that I didn't lie. I have been playing the bounce version of every single song that I have purchased. So you asked for it or you didn't, but here it is. Darnell Jones. Where I want to be. Bounce version you got. Damn right. What do are you shitting me Down? You can come.


This is so ghetto. When I. Love it. Hey Let us hear another one.


I can't believe this shit. Damn You can damn play another one. You said you bought a group of them. Go ahead got dj. Oh shit. Oh shit. It's another one. Amani. Have you ever been to New Orleans? Yes I have. How many times? Like a few Times. What's that? How many times is that? Seven three. No, because what happens up here a lot is when we are not experienced in the That's true culture. That's true. We shit on it. So if you are unaware of what this music does in New Orleans, then I will clear out and let y'all shit on it.


Now We ain't shit on New Orleans, but in the event that you know what it does, just let me play my sleeper. That's who you by Ford. Wait, I don I. don Tell me what Now. What I don need I don I don need you.


Mel check your sleep out for the first time. You good? You need me? Turn it down. I. Don need I. don need I. don need what? He said That would. That would you know I Don I.


don I. don I. don mean to I. don mean to please don't like he don't eat one item. I never let you know. I shoulda figured though. So it was So. I was with tell you the truth, which never did because I usually do what this Don I.


don I Don need you I don. That is brand new old Music That is Jhen Aiko The Worst. She's on tour right this second and Bitches was fighting in Atlanta at the Jena concert. That's a Wild place to Fight Yo. That's almost worse than fighting at the hookah spot. Fighting at the Jena concert As long as no one had the Bear Mac. Yeah man, that is the Ben New Orleans bounce remix of Jhen Aiko New Orleans.


Shout out to y'all. I love y'all and I will be there soon. Shout out to all the women in New New Orleans with fat asses. Yeah. Shout out to all the coffee shops, the independent black owned businesses out there. Come on man. I'll be there soon. I'll be there soon. My favorite city. Yeah, you love New Orleans. I love New Orleans. It is greedy. All right. Hey Mel. Mel. You. if you was in New Orleans, you would feel that a little more. You ever been Many, many Times Like did Lenny Kravitz ever shoot out there? Yeah. What? Oh nevermind. All right. Ice. I'm up. What you got? I'm going Up to Toronto. My my, my guy dropped another one. Ryan. Blaze. Blaze. What up And? it is called The. Chosen. One. Turn up Ryan Blaze.


Usually you wait for ball and then you go in. Go in. Oh. Pray your hands for The Chosen. One get wrapped up by palms. So. I can hold the sun. Trenches is what I overcome. Hold your lungs. Don't hear other rappers because they mostly bumps throwing ones. I sharpen my sword and clean my golden gun. Both of them. I act like I'm chasing my dreams. What it means to live the best life. Don't toast to them. Lazy motherfuckers who don't have sight and lack of ambition. What they missing? Because they half bright. The chick was supposed to cut double meaning them that night and blow into my back pipes. I'm super blessed. God blessed on my futures and in my past life.


Oh, this baseline is groovy. Like Austin Power movies. My talent gonna get me ice. Like Kristi Yama Gucci skating on my future. Rockefeller chain triple axles. Those VB yeses the diamonds, they cannot be detected. A master manifesta promoting peace doesn't mean of when it que and turning the rap handle. My girl didn't seen me die at least a few times mentally. And yet she still left us twice. Me who had to resurrect us? How many times you had to solve your girl problems that were self-inflicted And now you frustrated because you wouldn't listen then out. Love. You drop everything and you show up. And not a single fucking thank you. That's childish. Please just grow up. Yeah, all that self-worth while healing.


And she's still toxic. There's clearly disconnect. I just offer my diagnostics. But you still love them for who they are and not what they do. If I go deeper, she couldn't handle it. Like if I'm fucking too, I just wish we could reconnect or connect again. Don't want to throw on paint on old houses and just pretend again. I gotta be better. Louder. A space for us. Space, space, space, space. Built from the foundation up spot the dark. Like a dalmatian pup. Bro. You saying what? I'm trying to get this money to my figures. They get the paper cuts. This world is truly evil. Why they got hate for us. And when our grandmothers pass, who's gonna pray for us? Pray to the heavens and ancestors, but mostly God.


And keep the faith and better keep praying. Even if no response, don't give a damn about new haters. That's why I hold my nod. I shall remain undefeated. 'cause Jesus on my squad. Remember when he took the cards and fed the multitude? My boss, they will demand your respect. Just like a substitute teacher. Because through our daily words, we can save your reach. You fuck up a rapper's facial features off these facial features. We gotta die to live. But trying for death. Pretty foolish. Don't be so stupid. I'm defining my breath. Perseverance and good endurance. That's strength. How many times I gotta show y'all niggas the rest? How many times I gotta prove y'all?


Excuse me. And that record again is The Chosen. One by Ryan Blades. Shout shouts to Ryan. Blades, bro. Yeah, keep working guy man. Yeah, that's my guy. He wrote, performed, recorded, mixed, mastered, did that whole shit itself in his own studio. Salute That shit's fire. Salute. I've been in LA all summer. I'm staying in la. This is blue and Evidence. Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles and Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles and Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles and Los. Angeles. Los. Angeles. Yeah. Los. Angeles Los Angeles Los Angeles Los. Angeles Los. Angeles is glamorous. Los Angeles it scandalous.


Los Angeles is lavish with very few can manage. So Los Angeles inhabitants say the place is cancerous. Los. Angeles is Angela. Inte gets Ratt because Los Angeles is active. Los Angeles. This master in Los Angeles, they blasting automatic. Saw the man in Los. Angeles. They packing in Los. Angeles. They jacking still Los. Angeles is cracking this Los, Angeles, Los Angeles Los Angeles. Where actresses come to become a stars. Los. Angeles. Well Al let put tags all on the walls. Los Angeles with all the tallest ballers come to ball Los Angeles with champions. A paid not made guy laid by your hot babe. So hot that I got shave.


Make sure that you got shas. Folks get grind by Fan gets shades in the broken by Daves magic. Fuck without the prophylactic. Now we got aids by name rings on every block like a Glock spray. Soon as you reach the top off of Rock King, cops Ray Rock, the high top fade out. We got braids trying to shake the spot. Like dalmatians. That's not sprayed. Los. Angeles got game, but they not playing. You think you fly till you meet a guy. They buy planes. You would drive South central, Los South, central, Los South Central.


Los, Angeles, Los, Angeles. The city was dark. Mama said come in the house. When you wanted to play. Right? Wasn't that much to do with the homies running or running the fade. One hand they told you to put in the work you're coming of age. Summer of the summer they load a hundred the drum letting the hump of the fun of it. Pressure swinging like 70 sack on my back. I had to carry your ton of it. Praying for angels. Throwing yourself in that middle with danger. No one will come with a learning account back in, stacking it outta the class. That was the sum of it. Twenties to fifties, a hundreds s up. Tell them to double the stress we see in the enemy. Spraying that random knowing one. That could have been one of us. Spinning the block, telling your nigga, watch it if you were dumb enough once who put in position to save and serve.


Hey, it Hunter and Honey's looking for answers right in the front of us. Not many when we were coming up. Whoa. Traumatic. I need me a million to pay for the damages. Yeah. Offending the flames. Glory to God. He made me a seed and I planted it from shit to sugar right there. What I could playing the cause they handed us. Kicked that in mind. Stepping on enemy lines. Sin, Los, Angeles, Los Angeles. That's Los Angeles Blue and evidence featuring Nana. I'm going to Isaiah Falls song called Gold On My Teeth featuring.


Click clack. Gold I. don, how you feel? But I feel something going crazy.


The Eyes I. Don, You want to love a baby?


Don't fall in love with me. You want some cover for me? I'm not for selling. You want Gold, On, My Teeth. I be ducking Heat. But Cole, Lindy, she pimp, pimp, pimp. It ain't no change me. Put the girl out the church and told her. Pray with me. Cut down in my who they came to see. Quick, quick, quick. I know you.


It is Gold On, My Teeth Isaiah Falls. And click clack. That's fire. That's fire. Slut. Big mouth. Where we going? Mel? This song is called So Many. Details by Toro e Moy. Okay, Pass the mushrooms.


Hey, I just I don I.


don I don.


I really feel like I need a molly. I love that song. The Good Molly. And this song is from the Molly Days. Oh for sure. Molly Days Tiki. The The torches. Yeah. The good ones though. Not the oh ones. Yeah. Yeah. How does Molly make you feel? Ice? Like this amazing So, Many, Details Toro y Moi a vibe. Yeah. It make you feel like that. Need Some glow sticks. What do you say Mel to the people that say you play the alternative sleepers. 'cause you're removed from culture. Oh shit. Damn. Somebody said that. Did you say anything? I say that's your opinion and fuck you. Yeah. Fuck y'all. No, I say fuck wrong with y'all.


Fuck y'all talking about out there? Yeah. I say that I a ridiculously eclectic, eclectic nigga blend of big music that appeals tics to my cultured fucking ears. Ears. Exactly. And y'all wasn't outside when shush dropped. The Fuck you talking about, nigga? Wait, do you see my, Hey wait, do you see my hush? You see my, it's okay girl. Like Be great. Show today. Jesus. Yeah. Good show today, man. Shout out to the EYL boys. Shout out to those of you just now tuning in. We appreciate you Us Desert Star. Those Of y'all that been there from the start. Everybody enjoying a out there.


We appreciate you top two now. One man. Y'all the vibe Yo. You just don't know So I got you. You want to pick up the phone? I'm the only One that call a spot is You lion ass nigga. Shut up. That's you pick a lion. That's man, Lion is ass on. Only one that call fan the only one that call a spot though. Oh, the spot. I got man spots. So he talking about that one spot. That spot. That's what it is. Hey, on Patreon, I'm gonna ask y'all if y'all, if y'all pass away, would y'all give y'all man's to line permission to line on y'all names Us don. Don't care. I ain't hear more So. I say like where the where the ice like a lie on you depend on what the lie is. I don't give a fuck my answer's no.


I can't lie your Name. No, remember it from When. I Go. Just in case you get confused. Play this part back. No, I always tell the truth if I say Word, the jokes. No, don't lie on my name at all To go mag Sometimes relationships get aggravating, bro was crazy. You I, Yeah. They ain't call you for this Mel? I did Sometime. You ain't do new artist videos. What year was this? Oh, What year was shush? 5 0 4. What year was this? If this was oh five, then I like, I'd already taken in the off ramp Or they didn't call you.


I was a television host at this point. Chances were I was gonna turn it down anyways. You didn't turn down the Dave East video When. you was a podcast host. Okay. All right. Listen, we found it too. Yeah, you was a podcast host in that Dave video. Just Be quiet. He did that video. An old school car. Why you did that video? I'm not answer, I'm not Answering anybody Questions. No, I didn't turn the music down though. Oh, y'all ain't going. We can't blow it up. We can't blow it up. When me and Mel was out, she was a little tipsy. She did get to Sharon with me about some of her old roster.


I ain't gonna lie to Y Yo. We gotta give it up. We got chill old now. Like she fucked with 'em. Niggas at Yo. That nigga that we was talking about Yo. Nah, no, but this is a good pick. This is a good pick of the litter right here. Male rosters all. I ain't gonna lie. Pause. Solid. Yeah. Good young nigga with a future ahead of himself derailed him. Oh shit. Oh, derailed him got him right off. Right off his dean. Yeah. Talk. He's fine. He's, Oh, he just speak to him. Huh? He's, would you play the, Has he got another Role? Don't you have the The stagnant women gonna Travel? Nah, this nigga and The baby mamas Wanna teach you things.


You fuck is a clean cut. Babies. Me not lucky do. Nah, but when Mel talk, when we outside, I just like, we have to stop playing with Mel. We sound like ugly niggas playing with Mel. Nah, She's Her. We sound like ugly ass niggas trying to talk to Mel about like, shit she's Heard now we gotta over, It's over there. I was shocked. She fucked that nigga. The Ankle got Little Ash from Like that nigga the bus. He, he all right though. He fine. Little young nigga took him right off his game. He fucked up. She got him. He gotta be tough being able to fuck whoever you wanna Seven tour, wipe That ankle. It gotta be that. Yeah. Wipe that ankle off here. Leave Me alone so bad. Got lotion in my bag. Look at me Yo.


Listen man, great fog today. Keep us in your prayer. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time. My bid. You would do Farewell. Adio. Cereba. O-A-O-O-O. Your word remixes before ais so long. Goodbye. Go ahead. No man. Y'all holding it down out there. We'll be back same time, same place this weekend. Try to stay alive until the next part. We will do the same. Lastly, the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel and a close minded women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol, you might need it. With that said with hair, Anybody, Any fun plans for the weekend?


Fun. I mean not weekend for the week. Fun plans for the week. Anything. Any plans? Drop Work. Work. Work. Any movies? Drop any indie artist. Drop any Gads. Drop any ops Drop. What's up? What y'all doing? Nah, I'm just working this week, man. Working. I got a couple of things to do. Content. Okay, good. I don't think I have any exciting plans for the week. I don't. Nothing to share. Nothing to report about. Y'all hold it down man. Try to stay alive. We don't wanna see any more assassination attempts for the week. My heart can't take it. My prayers again to those that were injured or lost their life in that. That's for sure.


That's for sure. And you niggas on the news, listen, there's still sharks at the beach. They still running into people with they vehicles. And some young mental health nigga pushed his mom down the stairs to her fatal demise. Rest in peace to her really? Recipe peace. Yeah. In New York? Yeah. Mm. Oel. You be up watching the news with me. I'm gonna call you. I saw that shit. I'm gonna call you girl. I tried to check myself, but I saw that shit. Power dynamics. Don't bring it up. Okay. Don't bring it up. You got It. Hey it go. That's Just Like shout to flip cousin Camille too, while she not here. Still shout out dog. I like Camille. Shout Out to Camille.


She wanted to buy you some. Shout Out to S Shout out to shout to Abu Dhabi. Babe. Shout to Shout. Shout my baby. Shout. Shout to everybody's baby. Okay. That part. Don't try to isolate me boy. Shout to everybody's baby. Shout To Ling. How about that? Fuck you talking about. Peace. Misunderstanding. Peace is on my explore page. I love you rubbing on your head. Your boy head wash. She in the car. I don't like that shit. Bitch. Gimme pounds, son. I had to get outta there. Want me to do that? Because you gotta understand nigga don don't gotta follow y'all niggas, nigga. you know what it is, right? don? Don't got a shot. Let's go Ish. Ish, get that, get that outfit and then that's that Ish. Come on, don't come in here. Rap a new balance. Get that outfit. And that's, that is you Probably got a new balance deal.


All that shit clean. They sent you a package, You'll abandon. That's that issue. If you get a new balance deal. How much money? What? What are you asking for? For New Balance? That's a good question. That's yes, that's That's what they, Yeah. Yeah, That's how it goes. Well How much does he make? That's that Ish. That's how you get to No, but they'll ask you what are you looking For for New Balance? Ain't doing little real estate phone calls. He was doing to get a sales up. Let me see. New Balance call. They wanna put your shit in markets, but that shit Is hot now because of everything. New Balance. New balance is up. That's true. They're, but you don't have any experience in the the field. Okay. I low ball it, man. License deal.


Two years. They don't wanna commit to heavy two years, five mil. Yeah, I do it. I thought so. I got a little jingle. JP Bye you guys.