
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. He tell you on air. Don't start. I thought We on here already. No, we're on now. Oh, we here s not your shit, yo. Shit.


Hi, my injured. Injured Bren. Ask how y'all feeling? Kevin Gates? Good. Good day. My Bravos. What you asking me? Two photos? One for the plug and one for, Yeah. Come on. Kevin Gates. Here you go. Why you I'm not supposed to be here today bro. Why not? Why? Where you supposed to be On vacation? What happened? Oh, what happened? What happened? I have an event coming up this weekend. Sure. They had a change of plans. No, no. I just have an event coming up this weekend. So you know I had to stay back and focus on that priorities. I'm not Mm, promote it. Oh, you'll be in the positivity highlighter. Yes. I got the wound this weekend.


I may not become, I may not be here Friday, but you know I'm here today. I just wanna show moral support. Damn man. Fuck Hype. Big players for You on Friday. Hit that fans flip. Won't be at the next pod. And I'm sad about that. No you're not. No, that's just Point behind the scenes. You just talking shit to me just now. No I wasn't. I said I told You. Hey nigga. Go ahead. Go nigga go. Yeah, you can leave whenever you want. I ain't gonna beef about it. Yes sir. And you have an understanding. Alright, we gotta Understanding. Yeah, but I'm here. Happy to be here. Happy to see you all. It feels good to watch a bunch of old men young and be hurt while I'm over here young and I can kick my legs.


Stretching young. You didn't do anything. You ain't, You right here bro. Young. You ain't young. Huh? You not young. Two more years to 40. That's not young. Listen, I'm gonna hold that. I'm gonna hold onto it. I'm gonna hold onto it. I'm about to get, I'm about to dye my beard. I'm about to get some surgery, lose some weight. I'm about to do something. I need to hold on to that. A BL Maybe you Gonna dye your beard for Real. I am. Shit's too gray. Yo. Like come on. I got a big gray patch like here. Both sides. It, It is not even gray. Right? That's, that's His lawyer. Shit. Yo. Gray. Right? I have big two big gray patches. You right. Shouldn't perfect Means you didn't stress enough.


You like too easy. That means I stress You didn't stress enough. You lived a good life. Are you crazy? No. You right. That's what it means. You Could go down to just the goatee. That's what it means. Oh, I like, I be like one of them. Chris Blowfish. Yeah. I don wanna be with you. Oh, y'all playing. This is how we be here for five hours. I'm leaving at a certain time. What's going on today? Why you leaving early? Nothing. Gotta go rest the leaves ice bad. Going On the bed. The bed. Fucking leg compressions and cryotherapy. Oh, I forgot to break out my little massage gun. Yeah. Yeah. I gonna break that.


I mean, you're dedicated to the work. 'cause while injured I'm twisted. Yeah, I'm twisted still. I mean better than yesterday. Yeah. Yesterday's the Rough one. Second day is the worst. Yeah. Second day you kicked your hand. Nah, my Sunday was bad. I couldn't walk. We went to go for the people aren't unaware. We went to go. We had the bright idea Genius. The genius plan of going to rent a gym on Saturday night at 6:00 PM and play basketball. That was the problem. Yeah. The start time I think was really the big issue. So wait, what would've happened if it would started at 1:00 PM It Would've been better.


You've got, you Would've got hurt. Less injuries night and day. Just fucked up. I don't think so. I don't think so. You would've got hurt with the sun out. I don't think so. Our bodies are ready for bed at six o'clock. We need to get that early. I was falling asleep on the way to the gym. Like I was like, damn, this is normally my nap time. So I think my body was a little Confused. Why are we doing things? And then, and then the closer we got to the gym now, like the closer you get to the bathroom, when you gotta use it, like you start pissing on yourself a little bit. Like You piss on your thigh a little bit. Turtle, start coming out, get the Little yellow stains on your drawers. Just a little sprinkle. Like it's that. The closer we got to the gym, my body was telling myself, your dog, what are you doing?


What are you doing right now? And then we got there. I said, you know what, let me stretch. And during the stretch, Hurt yourself. I said, You stretched. Yeah. Gee. Yeah. I was there early you and during the stretch I'm like this, I'm, I'm tired now I'm tired from little shoot around. And then I grabbed the ball and did a little shoot around And I said, yo, I'm tired. I think I jammed my thumb and shoot around. That's really what my, the most pain is for me. My god. I have so much respect for anybody that's ever played basketball at any level.


Yo, Rudy Fernandez Hernandez, Jose Alvarez. Anybody I ever, Cole thought was Jay Cole Obama. Yeah. Anybody that's ever played ball. Yo. My my, oh my God. Yo. I haven't decided if I need to play more basketball or completely retire. Yo Wanted off one. Think it's better. I think you would've been okay if you had better shoes though. Huh? I think you would've been okay if you had better shoes. Maybe. Yeah. What you was balling in Pumas? Oh yeah. Low top And Jeans. I was Just Jeans, jeans, Shorts And jeans. Shorts is Crazy. The answer. The answer is more. More. I think so. I think the answer Is more. It is more. Yeah. But you but you won't, you'll feel better.


This Is the first time I played com. I played competitive basketball twice in the last 20 years. Oh. Saturday being the second of the Dog. I Line That's not enough. No, it ain't 20 for me, but it's a good eight. That was the first time I probably hooped in like eight years. I thought I had an advantage 'cause it was my second time playing in Five. In five. Right. I was like, I played a few weeks ago. You know I Yeah, no, I got to a point I thought I was gonna have the, the jump too. 'cause I, I shot on Friday. We all thought you were gonna have the jump. But yeah, I, my bike it didn't really turn out that way. It didn't turn that Way at all. I ain't gonna lot though. Pre injuries. That shit felt amazing. It did. Oh. Even gasping for air felt amazing. It did. You know what I'm saying? Like being tired.


All of that shit. Pick left, watch out the bump. All of that shit felt good. Oh. It felt, it was fun. My feet ain't get the memo like None of Body did. My brain is like, yo, I had ke sticking me. I thought that was a little insulting. Nah, keep ice. Ke was The mvp. Shit. Keep Joe's the mvp but keep keep ball keeps in shape more than all Said ke. That's what I'm saying. Keep stay Basketball Iq he Did, he did. Was in great shape. That IQ shit. As you age you start to See that's what matters Important. That's all Matters because our bodies ain't good for shit. That's good for me. I was like, yo, Like cool, I had a good time. That was a great idea. Next time I will do things differently. I have some subs.


Yeah. Yeah. We could, we could've ran threes and news. Fuck them. Sub Some subs there next time. 'cause when I posted the picture of me and Mark looking half dead, laying on the floor like the niggas I know that hoop a little bit. They was hype. Yeah. Hype. Yo. Yeah. Bum ass went out did lemme know next time, lemme know next time I was like, okay, I can get some subs in this thing. Yeah. But I think that's exactly what my 44-year-old ass needed word. Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly what I needed to do at 44 on my sit down on the couch and talk job for the last 10 years. That is, I needed to go out there and run my body around and see the effects of the shit. And boy did I wake up Call Boy did I, I work out.


And I thought that was enough. It's not enough. It's Not enough. It's not work out. It's not enough if you Don't play ball. What they say is when you're young, you, you play ball to get in shape. Right. And when you get older, you have to get in shape to be able to play ball. Because when you, when you hit your forties, like your skill diminishes with your lack of conditioning. So like, you can't shoot if you don't have any legs. Mobility can't shoot because your mobility, The coordination is off just even shooting a jump shot. You're not planting your feet the right way. All of that shit. Yeah. My mechanics were horrible. It was horrible man. I, and you know us. We think we just got, I got it. Niggas think I Picked the ball up. I got That's the funny part is how I was talking before this game. Oh yeah. I, I had the 31-year-old picture of myself That happens every day in here.


Yo, wait, hold on. Hold up for a minute y'all. What'd you say? A little Hate. No, no. Absolutely. Make some time for a little hate. Go ahead. Absolutely Not. You said you think you're 31 every time they come in. No. What he just said, Shit. No, no, no. Thinking that, you know. Oh, I'm She talking about that male macho bravado dumbass top that will get lead with our ego. You guys definitely support each other's delusion up here. Yeah. She has a real version of what we all look like through the, through the, through the female gaze. But she won't ever tell us because our egos are fragile too. And she knows that working with us. Listen, I'm an that's really the Truth. It is. I'm, I'm an interloper here. I'm the only girl.


But It is also reciprocated. How was that? What do you mean? Go ahead. Ho Wham. You saying you were no spring chicken yourself? I've never claimed to be so But the rec But the record is the record. No, I'm saying I think we Can see where Melyssa is five to six days a week on her Instagram page. Mm. Getting her mobility up. Getting her strength and endurance up. Talk about It. No. No. What sport? What sport do you play? Pilates? No. What if you were to play what we just did, what would that be? Volleyball, Softball, volleyball or baseball. You, you are Baseball, Soft softball. You are healthier than us clearly in some areas.


Yes, she is. The reciprocal part is we are much healthier than you in some areas. Oh, please elaborate. I can't Get crazy. All you think I was bored yesterday. A of us are, a lot of us Are relationships. Wait, what did he say? What you just Saying? You think that's what makes you healthy? He say that a lot of us are in committed relationships. Have you heard the statistics about single childless women being No, I have than their counterparts who are higher statistic. I'm very well aware of it. However, men who are in relationships are healthier than their single counterparts.


Okay. That's True. Yes. I was I was gonna say quote the quote the Statistics. No, that's the Yeah, no, that's the, she be ready to go. She got all the with me. Fucking Fuck outta there. I'm outta there. I'm gone. I'm outta there's. I know I'm not flipping. Nope. I'm outta it. I'm out of it too. You crazy. I just feel like a lot of us are in healthy relationships and we're happy. No, but here's my icing on the mel cake and then I'm outta here. There you go. There you go. I, no, I think that some of us would be able to handle your truths about us better than you would be able to handle our truth about. Mm. I would. So just keep that in mind as, as you calling us fragile. And You used the word fragile, but you agree. You used the word fragile.


But you agree. I didn't say that. Our shit is fragile. It's all right. But that's also what I learned out there. I'm fragile alert than I thought. I'm fragile alert than I thought. Yo. You know what I fucking thought of in the following days after we worked out. You know what, I'm so grateful for Advil. You know what, I never, yes, Advil. Ice Knees, Ankles, thumbs. Thumb is one for me. Knees Fucked up. I never thought about just how many times I use my knees in life 'cause I'm blessed to be healthy.


But all that sitting and bending and getting up, they almost killed myself. Trying to take a shit the other day. I almost missed the whole toilet. The sit down be rough was rough. Almost missed. Completely. Sit down thinking I know where shit is. No. And when you get up, you got rock. Rock. You get up. You got, I had to get naked. I had to reach for something to get up the other day. It has been bad. I took like an hour long bath like a bitch. Oh my god. Yeah. S that shit worked too. Epsom is the truth. I didn. I've never had that successful with Ssom before. That shit got my ankle right. You've Never been 40 before.


That's true. 40 different. Epsom. Don't play with 'em. That's what happened with me. My girl tricked me into go doing some shit I never heard of. She see me in a bed dying and crying like a bitch. She says yo, I'm gonna book you some cryotherapy. She got Athlete Kids Ohio therapy. She got athlete kids. So she thinks she gotta step up and some information. Thank you baby for helping me out. It's spot around here. Right. Book it. I don't know what the Fuck that is. That's the Ice bath shit. I don. Oh you didn't? I don't know what It is though. I'm just telling the story. I don't know what that is. But your girl's sake could help you. She love you. She got your best interest. Go ahead and book the shit. Little book therapy. I go in there. I don't know what the fuck I'm doing, but I'm in this bitch and they point me to some little closet and they say, all right, get down to your boxers and put all this stuff on.


I start looking at the little utensils like a resident evil or one of 'em games where you unlock some shit. It is gloves, earmuffs. Wait It is gloves and then mittens for the gloves. Oh shit. It is earmuffs a big ass fucking thick ass Scully some eye shit. Oh shit. It is man. And I'm wait, I'm like wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Oh. You like Mr. Freeze. I like wait, wait. What you doing in there? Like Oh yeah, you just gonna get in this thing. Have you done this before? We just gonna make this negative 175 degrees. Stand there for about three minutes. Any songs you wanna listen to, you Did three minutes. That's all you do. That's The highest. That's not the highest. You got the three minutes. Oh It is not the highest.


Yes. If you got the Three minutes, That's gangster. I got you. I did 2 45. How about Say that's gangster too. I was gonna say That, but there was a four minute option. My step kids do four minutes. Wow. Yeah. Twice a week. Yeah man, the homies that shit, the homies do four minutes. So I go in there. Well I say Chris Brown, that's my new thing now. The MRI people. What'd you wanna hear Chris Brown? What you wanna hear? You got a song you want hear? Throw some Chris Brown. So I get in there. That shit fog right up now. You can't see shit. I'm in there freezing talking about something gy. I don dunno how the shit baby that was the slowest. 2 45 in the world. Baby You can The clock right in front of you.


Clock right in front of you. That's what slow close your eyes. That's what make it worse. I close your eyes On clock. Did we take time for Granted? Yeah we do. Yeah. Three minutes is some shit now if you're doing some shit. Yeah, but I did it. I got outta there. I wanna Thank you guys for coming out. I'm glad everybody came outside it. It was fun As hell. It was fun. Even with the injury. It was fun. It was So fun. Yeah that shit was fire. Like I'm mad I got fucked up. 'cause I'm like yo, we could do this every two weeks, every three Weeks. Shout to the Hebrew Globetrotters. My man that was in the building. Know what I'm saying? Buck. Shout to Buck d. Dig Dirk. Us Buck my guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you Buck. It Was definitely take it easy on it. It was a Great job. Buck could've been Jersey City All American athlete for 25 years now. Five years forever.


25 years now. Yeah. Hey, you know what I realized that Mark is a man. Like even though I feel like he pandas, he's a man's man. Right. Because when his, when his wife came in the building, that nigga turned to Super saying he made sure I said, oh look at Bach. I watch you carefully. Super. What? Super saying Meaning what that mean a power up Super Sand is Dragon Ball Z. Like Goku power up and you just powered up. But I'm watching. Nah, he was dead from The first play. Yeah. Nah, nah, I see it. I'm Telling you. All right. Let me my shit in. Lemme get my shit off man. I know you wanna save him white man. Listen, sorry, I'm sorry. I just saw Mark when I, when I watched, 'cause Mark was, you know, shooting. But he just, to me he went harder nigga.


He said I'm not gonna look like a chump in front of my front of my lady. And she was supporting him and that's how I play anyway. I was talking shit. Corey from the first talking shit. That's what he Telling from the first play. No Fuck that. If he don't call foul, he don't get the ball. I'm like okay. It is real now because Imani gave Joe a foul. He's like, yo, he ain't called. Yeah, he don't get no ball. Fuck that. Imani really tried to hurt Joe. That's who we want. Nahani Joe going at it. I don't know what that was my favorite thing to watch. I don't know what was up with the two niggas. That's suspension. That suspension Joe like, I'ma pay Joe pay you Back Joe. Like he's trying to hurt me. He can't, No Amani. Really. You right. Only got some type of anger pint up about something that I don't know about.


Yeah, he tried to hurt me. He bought brass knuckles. Yo. That nigga one played landed on my foot. Like on purpose. I felt like I was playing against that little dirty white boy that's on Phoenix now from Duke. Gray. Gray Allen. I Felt like I was playing Puerto Rican, gray Allen. He tried to end me out there. God damnit Yo. He was intent. I was like, yo, you wanna switch? He was like, no. Yeah, not, I will not switch. I was like, oh, I had to switch out with him at some point. He was, Joe was giving him buckets All day. Yeah. After, after this fifth bucket, I was like, hey let's switch. He was like, no. Then you switch Then back to that pride, back to that fra. He go, yo, that's another thing. That is one of the moments where your ego has to be like tested on the, when your teammate look at you and be like, yo, you want switch, Switch, switch.


Let's switch. Take this thing. No. Especially when you over there getting cooked. Yeah. No you switch. If you getting, If you're getting cooked, you gotta switch. You gotta switch. You gotta switch. He ain't wanna switch. I was happy. He Ain't gonna let no five points. He gonna not letting you switch five. You might had more than five. No, no. At the point where I asked him to switch, I said switch, I'll take 'em. He was like, nah, I got him. And y'all were like, No You Don don't you Have five 11 nigga, he had eight, Joe had eight points. Yeah. Yeah. He had eight of nine boys. Joe's Seven of them were on the RB singer. Oh no, y'all not gonna do that. Let e wait for E to get here. Okay. I'm be here for Patreon. That's, I'm, I'm saving my, nah, it was so much mean.


We all, you know, it was, it was a lot of fun. We were horrible but it was so much fun. Nah, It was fun. It Was, it was fun. I can't wait till the video comes out so people can roast us. Oh. They Gonna cook us. Oh my Lord. What? I'm not watching as they should. I'm Not watching that. But I appreciate it. I I'm gonna treat myself better Word. I wanted to run the Peloton in the morning with the fucked up Achilles. I tried to work out. Crazy Happening. It was terrible. Yeah. I'm gonna treat myself better. I text the trainer, go. It's time. Are We gonna commit to doing this once a quarter, once a month, once every other month. Oh It is. We'll play better if we play more. The more you, The more you play, you'll start getting your everything back. You'll start to Get your coordination back. Why don't We do different, you know, activities pickle that like encourage, you know, more mobility and different, I'm Not some volleyball.


Volleyball. Pickleball. If that's your sport Sport, What the fuck is pickleball? It's like bad hearing. It is bad. And wiffle ball tennis For old people. If we do volleyball, I'm wearing a mc m pumps and the bump sheets. Indoor. Indoor. Where's at the indoor Morning if we do a volleyball Wearing spans. Oh Man, I'm down for some bowling Bowl before bowling. That's easy one. I'm down Laser tag. I don't know if this is a skydiving bunch. I did that already. Ain machine ball.


I'm not so mad at paintball. I never a Paintball guy. I could do Why Don't you pick the activity so you would be included. Why don't you pick the activity? These are the ones I can definitely do. Paintball volleyball Niggas. Which paintball on the one in pa The one with the, They put us In where we're at. Like outside and We got Yeah. Put us in the forest. Yes. Oh, I'm gotta do that. Yes. I don't do that indoor shit. You gotta be outdoors. Got you. I be ice guy paintball standards. My bad. His levels. Yo. Once you play outside paint outdoor paintball, you don't wanna do that in shit. You got the gun. Okay. You got the gun? Nah, I used they shit. My man and them had the gun. Them shit was three and $400. With all like, like yo, my nigga, once you, once you play tactical, it's like all right, I'm never going.


Shit. You don't want play inside anymore. And I told y'all that somebody at my mom about an escape room in Rochelle. You already know. I haven't done that in a minute. Me Either. Escape rooms was our shit. So Yeah, you used to our shit back. I'm all wig. I'm always down for Skate. I'll follow up on that. That might, that might be a good time. Ball's an easy one though. We should definitely do that. Pool. Pool might Be fun. Pull pool. I wouldn't be mad at like a whole little like bar, bar, bar, bar crawl kind of thing. Dart pool. Dart pool. Get that X's throwing. Yeah, I've done that. But I Could shoot pool. I don't never throw no Ax. I've never done that. I've done XI can't shoot pool. Shoot. And I'm trashing pool. I'm trash. We really sound old. Bing.


We have officially like that whole 10 year anniversary. We sound old as hell. Even though all the games y'all playing last time, many, many 15 years ago. Avalon, that was when I, when I decided to leave my Poconos room and go to the lodge, the, the central meeting area, the game center. I killed all them little white boys that was in there. Nigga. You crazy. Darts. Oh, darts, Darts. Air hockey. What else they had in there? Ping pong P shit. All these little 12-year-old rich white boys. You nice in ping pong? No, but I was better than them shit Though. Gotcha. Oh, bring the kickball back Yo. After Saturday. I'm not saying I'm nice and nothing no more.


Nothing. No nothing. I don't think I'm nice and nothing no more at all. You, You gotta reevaluate. Like Yeah. You can't have your 19 96, 9, 2006 mind. 'cause your body still thinks it's that. Like my body still thinks it's 96 nigga for like burst of speed and then It is over. Then you be like, nigga you can't play no more. Like you, you, I coulda killed Mark ass. His little fast ass was zoom to a spot because he fascinated by and then just be there. Yeah, they won. Niggas shoot the ball. He zooming around and Everybody confidence was fucked up. Yeah. Nobody was shooting no one. Yeah. Oh. I was like, I cameras on. I was scared to shoot at the, Was shoot Up. I bricked the car. I was like, yeah, no, I'm, I'm gonna be trying to just pass. I'm gonna beat my man and pass. That's the's What we were all trying to do.


Yeah. Nigga caught game. Game 11 used to go a lot faster. That Shit took an hour. Way Faster. Way Faster. Game 11 used to be quick but not so much. When can't nobody score. Yeah. Yeah. My man was right under the Basket with it. Who? You? Everybody. I'm just the dog. Every video I saw layup after layup after layup. Niggas DA shooting that shit off. Over the backboard. Yo. It is like, yo, this is Terrible. All right y'all keep going. I'm gonna sign us up at the senior citizen service. Y'all keep it up. Yeah. Work. I'm gonna sign y'all up. All right. We ready to work? We ready to go? We ready to go? Let, ready to go. Let's, let's go. Okay, let's fucking go.


8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1. Shout to wherever you might be listening from. Real Niggas all over the world. Always for the ladies. Always for the ladies it shout.


The first and last time listeners on the subgroup out there. Money. Hey. 30 and up. 30 and up right now. 40 and up right now. 40 up. Hey Shout dollar kids out there. All the college niggas. Listen. All the high schoolers, all the jail going all over the world.


This Is my shit After the neo soul chicks out there. Hey. Alright. What we start with? What we start with here. Y'all figure it out. Y'all got a burst and a bridge to figure it out. Hey, hey. New York City Hall, new Big, Big Jersey. Hey, shout.


What's up, Flip and Mel and Mark. Mark. All right. What episode is this? 8 0 5. Welcome to episode 8 0 5 of the Joe Button podcast.


Brought to you by a few by Power, by PrizePicks Breakfast Gang.


You I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, happy to be here. Fully dressed. Host Joe Button here with some really amazing people. To my right you notify big informal Melyssa Ford is in the building. Who, who? Queen Flip is in the building. Queens get the money. King of wa, king ww big issues in the building. And his walking boot Will, I don't know if your wills anymore with that. Yeah. You're not Wills Lyn. You're not Will. At least I told 'em at least they ain't giving 'em that little bullshit. The the section eight blue little sandal walking boot that they be giving you out. The little glass container thing of ma jiggy. You had That first. You got good coverage. That's that. Yeah. You ain't got the soft, soft little bullshit. K. You got good insurance. You got good insurance right there.


Shit do matter though. Yeah. Nah, it matter. That shit matters. You on your wife? Shit. Oh, wha Big freeze. The freeze ice is in the building. Dr. Mark Lamont Hill is in the building. El Myra's finest Parks is here. You Bo Here. Corey is here. Ericsson is here. Keib and Ian are here. Avon and Tanana here by remote last, but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys are here. You've heard about our weekend. I don I I didn't do shit. That was that was the weekend. That Was it. That was the weekend. Well if that, well I went on the fight was after That. That's right. I did go out to dinner Sunday night. I did go out to dinner and I felt every minute of that. I'm talking about getting out the car, getting into the car, sitting to, Oh yeah.


No, we went to Some steakhouse in Montclair. That shit was like, I, man, I couldn't pick up the fort. My eyes was hurting. Everything was hurting. Lord. Does your wife know just how much pain your body was in? Or did you try to tough it out? I got a pretty high pain threshold 'cause I'm always getting injured from shit. You know what I mean? And so she heard me say that we might try this again. That picture I sent you of us on the ground. She took that picture. Yeah. She didn't send that to commemorate it. She was like, stop nigga, stop. S like, look, this is what y'all look like whenever y'all think about doing this shit again. Look at this picture. Your Wife right Wise. Yeah, exactly. I ain't gonna listen though. We ain't gonna listen. Yeah, I didn't do shit. I, I stayed in bed. I stayed in bed.


I didn't go nowhere. This might be the first weekend ever where I just didn't move. I slept for and was baby free. 12 Girlfriend free sober after that. That's wild. Thatso Salt Bath will do that to you too. Yeah. Lay you out. Yeah. I shot down Orlando for my niece birthday party. Shout to. Oh, nice. Shout. Shout to baby Kylie. You good bro? I've learned, I just love kids man. I just learned that I gotta learn how to swim yo. That it really hit me. Like my daughter is Daddy, let's go. She take off and I'm rolling with her. Come on. All right, come on. Then you get to that little five feet and your toes start to brush up against you five, six, nigga.


So you only be like right here. You start realizing like, all right, if she gone, I'm like, yo D, come back, bro. So that's my plan. I I know I keep saying it. I'm gonna learn how To swim. Yo. If you fuck this, if you wanna take a group class, because I've tried to learn how to swim like four times. You can't mad times You can't be that surprised. A little surprised. Hey, that's racist. I don dunno. How, how many of y'all can swim? Show of hands, who can swim? Oh, I'm just gonna make a draw. Melanin relate. So immigrants can swim. Oh shit. Right? Shit. I meet a lot of Jamaicans, a lot of west in all island Swim. All island. All islands. I know people who swim. Black Americans In nigga. Well you not a D os nigga. I'm not a os but I was born we don't Swim. Yeah, Yeah. No. They threw me back in like six months.


I was, I joined a baby school for swimming. Yep. I almost Your mom did that, Jack? Yeah. Well, Yeah. I almost drowned twice. So that's how I learned how to swim. Oh, that's the other way. Okay. Somebody had the right idea if somebody could have, I'm joking. Just followed through. I almost drowned at Duns River fall in Jamaica. Then I almost drowned in New Jersey at my cousin's pool when I was Younger. Dunn's River. Like the waterfall Thing. Yeah. I almost drowned. Who threw you in that alligator palm? One of them shits. I almost, I drowned. Almost drowned. And helped me three times. I almost drown a Good plan. Alligators drowned. Was drowned in Montego Bay. And then I almost drowned in New Brunswick. That's a lot of times. Yeah.


The lady jumped in and helped me and I was panicking. She's like, oh, calm down. Because I was pulling her down. Oh shit. Never forget. And then I had to learn. I just learned how to Swim each time. Were they able to get all of the infested water from outta your, your brain? Did they move? Mouth. Mouth Your head. Yo, Joe, I'll you up today. You're Injured today. I whoop Your ass. Did they back, did they vacuum some shit? No. It was scary. But you Put a catheter in your Ear. I learned how to swim by default. Mm. And then I'm, I'm down though. Let's do it down. I know, I Know it. He's scared too. He don't know. He don't wanna swim. I told him, I said, Joe, you should go try to learn to swim man. I have to as an adult. It is dope. Have to. And I took you, you took your daughter know to swim. Yes. How that happen? I damned if I know because Kids are like, kids are like dogs.


Wow. No, I took my, I took my daughter to learn. That's crazy. I took my daughter to learn, but she was a little too small. I took her when she was like, six, eight months. That's where you should start. I, My daughter on her back doing all this shit. My Daughter's a lifeguard Me. I'm like, all right. I taught my, I took my daughter to swim lessons. Like for what? For, for till from age six months till about 12. She took swim lessons. She's a lifeguard. She could do all that. I tried to do the lessons. It didn't work. Do you panic when you get in the water? Do you panic? I don, He's 5 6 2 though. I'm, I'm five 10. They Shit only coming like right here. Why? You know what? No, you good? Yeah, I'm straight. I step on your foot Second. Nah, that's cool. You can't swim right? You Can. Yeah, I can swim. I can't, I can't tread and I can't float like That.


That's what I thought was So how do you sw how can you swim and not tread? I don't get that. When I jump off the diving, I could jump off the 30 foot joint. Like in Maplewood they got the high joint 30 When you get in the water and they got Yo Don't play that. Don't Play family Stop. Alright. I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but it's been about 45 minutes of we old. Yeah. At some point we do have to come to work and I speak about things. Can I say something about Angie Stones? Sure. Go ahead.


Angie Stone. First of all, rest in peace. Angie Stone. She's one of those people who, Oh wait, hold on. You about to be serious. At least let the hook go. Oh, sorry. Alright, hold on. Alright. That's all I, alright. Alright. Back to the legend. Yeah. Legendary. Angie Stone, neo soul, legend, all that real. I didn't know her well, but I knew who Well, you know, I knew her to speak. Interviewed a bunch of times. Real good people. One of the few people that when they die, everybody has good things to say and doesn't have to lie or doesn't have to remain silent. But the thing that I want to say about Angie Stone, I think is important is that a lot of people only think about her as a neo soul goddess.


And they forget that she is a hip hop pioneer as much as you know, no rain in this cloud and all the songs that came out. You know, when she made that, that album in 99, which is great. She's part of sequence, you know, and sequin, you know when hip hop is really moving, when we move from disco to hip hop and you start to hear hip hop as a party sound, she's the voice of that. She's the soundtrack. Her and the other two sisters are the voice of that sequin is a hip hop pioneering group. They were the second act sign of Sugar Hill records. They were major hip hop act. And when we do the hip hop commemorations and the 50th anniversary, sometimes we leave out Angie Stone and we leave out or Angie b at the time and we leave out sequence. I'm just saying as we remember her, let's really write her in the history and not just in the r and b. That's it. Got You.


Okay. I agree. That was very well said. Very. Angie Stone. I'm good at the talking job. That's Why you come command The big bucks. I command them, get them. They might sprinkle some silence out there for two seconds. You gonna let him do that? What You gonna let Mark smoke your fucking boots on the an girl nigga? Mark, mark came the He The stand train back planned. Yo, when I Get to the Angie, I'm gonna take it To the losses. No, we have, And how I survived my and Accident happened. And y'all put a stop to that because you did not, did not, You did wanna Shadow the pie.


Not good. I don't think Mark was here when we had a discussion about, you know, the fact that when a loss like this happens, this, you could say that this was before her time. This was a tragic accident. Yeah. Versus somebody that we are aware has like a long running, you know, health issue and then they end up passing away. So the conversation, I was, you know, trying to see if the guys wanted to talk about is the process of loss when it's something like that. And then especially where she was going. Yeah, she's on her way to do something to sing the national anthem. And then that was just really strange how the people at the game handled It was like announcing it like, oh well yeah, like our halftime performer.


I have a problem with that. I have a huge problem with that. I have a big problem with if a artist is about to perform somewhere, you're announcing to that audience. Hey y'all, the act just died. Yes. Insane. It's wild. I think that that's absolutely nuts. I don't know that everybody knows that. That's nuts. Maybe they didn't know a better way to handle that, but I think that was totally the wrong way to handle it. Now if I was a ticket goer, I would be, I would be distraught. I would be asking to see somebody. Yeah. Irie it's Also, oh, go Ahead. No, no. I heard the announcement. It was, it was, she was performing at halftime. The gentleman walked out, he let the crowd know, Hey, can I get a moment? Can everybody stop? And everybody got quiet and he was like, you know, we were supposed to have the legend Angie Stone perform.


A couple people started clapping and he said, unfortunately she passed away in an accident car way here. So everybody was like, like what? Like you could hear a a you don't a good idea. No, I I feel like it would suck the air right out of the room. You Don't. And then he asked for a moment of silence. Everybody gave the moment of silence and they, you know, they clapped and everything and went on. But I personally, I'm not mad at announcing, Hey listen, something just happened and this is why Be, don't nobody have a problem with you announcing something just happened. Right. But not the, You came out there and said she passed away. She passed. Yeah. We don't have no beef with something just happened.


Oh my God. An emergency. Unfortunate It is not your place to get out there and tell these fans that the act has perished. Right. I'm not your place. It's also the age of social Media. So I'm just getting ready to say so I read it on your phone. No, no. What I'm saying is, if I'm in the stands and I tweet, oh my God. They just said Angie Stone died. Now Angie's son or Angie's aunt or Angie's brother who doesn't know they're dead yet, has to read that on Twitter. Well, I don't know if this occurred, if that that person got the information. Like, I don't know if they got it before social media. They could have from, they could have got it from there as a TMZ post go out. Oh, that's fair. That's possible. And then they announced it to the crowd. That's fair. That's fair. Because the news is already out there. Don't want on local authorities. The local authorities not gonna come to the CAA tournament and be like, yo, I thought One of her, I thought her team called.


That's what I assumed. Yeah. But, but either way to the other point, because I think that's a great point. You're right. I I, I pulled that one back. But the, the idea of yo you just sucked the air outta this room. Everybody in this room is now devastated to hear it. They, they hear some people came there just to hear. Don't I? I I believe that. Yeah. That's crazy. The final date. She's just dead. I don't think you do that. I just don't think you do that to people. I don't know what the proper protocol is. I'm, I'm not pretending to know. You don't, you should not put people in that spot. I shit, when we was on the road when we found out Nipsey died. No, what's the dude, the the white dude? Macmillan? No. Paul Walker? No. Y was on tour. Paul Walker? No, no. Dj. DJ Am. Yeah. DJ M And dj.


And y'all was with his man Travis. Travis and him. Yeah. I mean that's a little different. 'cause that was, we just happened to be there for a personal call where we found something out when Nipsey died, we was on our way to a stage. Yeah. Oh wow. And spread and had to perform. And the news had just broke. And we were encountered the entire, we were in Cali. The entire building wasn't really there. Like the whole place was elsewhere. It was a energy in the room that made it a difficult night for everybody. I think we said a prayer at the end we did of some shit. Like it was tough. So I just don't think you put that feeling in people that came to a show for a show. Let them find out.


Just say, Hey, we've had an emergency. There's some unfortunately. Yeah, I agree with that. As a performer, I don't agree with it. Maybe as a consumer you wanna know that as a performer. I don't, I don't agree with that at all. Yeah. And also like with social media, a lot of times reports go out prematurely where the person might not have passed away. And we've seen that happen before where before the family has a chance to make their statement. People are just like, oh, so and so died. And it's just like, no, they're still on life support. Right. But it's not for us to have a discussion about. So I would be really afraid to be the one that announces this to a whole crowd of people before It is, you know, without making sure that the confirmation is really actually the confirmation. Like I would err on the side of caution and say we had a performer, there was an emergency, we apologize and Yeah, that's really, and leave it at that again.


Yeah. We just, we don't know the timing of when they got that timing matters. Because, because when it was officially out, they could have got it then. And then I'm not mad at that because mean nine times outta 10, most of y'all are gonna know. Anyway. The last piece of this for me is also people who were tweeting just wow. Shit. Like people were tweeting. Like the, the truck itself, they were tweet, tweeting, tweet tweeting the, the van that got flipped over Because she was the only person that passed too. She Was the only one that passed. She was the only one that passed. And they were showing these graphic images and y'all out there like, people are human beings. Somebody loves them. And if you're famous or not, it doesn't matter. Like nobody wants to go on Twitter and see the person they love did on their, on their timeline or the, or the van crushed on their timeline.


Like have some decency post a a still picture. Unfortunately You live, you living in yester year. I Know, I know, I Know. You living in yester year buddy. And everybody most a lot today are so desensitized to that shit. Yeah. Where they could look right at that image and Scroll as hard as the image was, that was one of the nicer images as it relates to our entertainers passing. That's True. That's true. That's Sad. It was like the aftermath. I didn't see the actual Yeah. Accident. There's a video going around right now. That's the actual accident. No, not of that. Oh, someone else said, I don't even wanna talk about It. Oh my god. No, no, no, no, no. In the video keeps scroll right past that. I've been trying to avoid it.


I'm not even going on social media bro. Right. That story ended in and of itself. Exactly. And I'm not familiar with the young man rest in peace. And His 5-year-old Daughter, he is a young rapper and his 5-year-old daughter. This is in Texas, Dallas, Texas. I wanna say that this is in Dallas. Like, oh, I can't, Oh yeah, I can't even, yeah. Oh, we got his name. GG do sound. Little Ronnie. Little Ronnie. Yeah. Yeah. And his 5-year-old daughter, Fort Brook, Texas, you know, was, was ambushed at a car wash, rest in peace. Shit. Different Out here. The Angie shit reminds me of just how vulnerable entertainers and performers are that tour and travel and rely on that for their income.


Income. You know what I mean? Like people really put themselves in a dangerous position all day, every day to entertain us. Yeah. S like traveling especially in cars is like the most dangerous shit in the fucking world. And people do it for a living. Yeah. 18 wheeler, boy, god damn. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. For sure. For sure. The roads be scary though. Yeah. Yes. Like the roads are the damn, we at that age now. Yeah. Yeah. My nigga. And it ain't how good you drive. Nah. 'cause the other, that's the other part nigga be on their phone swerving in and outta the lanes.


All shit. That's all it take is one. Somebody not paying attention. Yeah. They teach you that. You gotta drive when you drive. You gotta drive for the other person. Defensive Driving. Defensive driver. Yeah. That's why I be getting mad at my driver. He's he'll spot the worst driver on the road and just stay right by him Going 20 Like, yo, nigga could you get away from this fucking lunatic nigga you don't see him. You could tell when somebody on the road just certain You can tell, you can see it right away. Yeah. Yeah. They done fucking got the little fucking Puerto Rican Honda engine in there. Shit be the loudest. Hell got little 20 miles bop bop bop yo dog. You haven't left the block yet.


Bop, bop, bop. Yeah. Niggas that merge wrong into the fucking Yeah. Nah man. Uhuh, let me cue up out outside. I'm doing it. Yeah, let's, let's get us outta there. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. Damn. Let's get us on outta there bro. Please. It's playing but I don't hear it. You gotta turn it up. Oh shit. Yeah. Oh man. Rest in peace to anybody after they lost somebody recently. Our condolences to Angie Stone. Family of friends, her loved ones.


Alright, where we going? Where we taking this thing? Oscars. Oh, the Oscar. Oscar. Oscar. Oscars. Oscar. Let's do it. Be Oscars, Mel. Yes. Did anybody else watch it? I watched, I watched Absolute, I watched it on Hulu and it died right before Best Picture. Right? No, best, best actress. Midway through. Best actress Before. Best picture. What you mean? It died? Like who went? The fee? The fucking Died. It was over. It's like, oh, your show's ended. It's like, no it hasn't. Yeah. Oh Shit. Yeah. It was, it was, that was A, I'll watch a nice portion of It. Okay. All right. What'd you think? First thing I'll say is it did not seem like a Jesse Collins production at all.


No, I, that was the number one thing that I thought Conan O'Brien did fabulous. As a host. I think so. So he's he's hilarious. Yeah, he was good. He was good. He's really, really good. I will say that I, as much as I champion, like watching the early parts of the Grammys, this was like that for the whole ceremony, which is a lot, Lot you don't care About. Yeah. Like, Yes. Best foreign, short animated movie. Like, congrats, but like Yeah, Like no could have tweeted that. You could Yeah. You coulda you could've put, Could've tweeted that They could make an earlier ceremony for them too. Very, very much. Get some of that stuff out of the way. Yeah. Very much. Like I think they're, the Grammys is maybe too far left of not showing enough and Oscars is too far right.


Of showing Way, showing Way too much. I love all those, maybe It is gonna make because I make film, but like I, I love watching like the documentary, I love watching the Best Far this the, I like every one of them. I like the best Dolly grip. Like all that shit. I, I want, I want every award shown. Every single one. Yeah. The, even the pre-show was long, like family, like the red carpet show, they show you on six different stages on the carpet. So they was so bad that they had to have on the side three separate screens to show when you walk in, you over there on the carpet, you over there on the carpet and then you come up on the main screen. It's like, yo, my nigga s Little too much. Like, yo, we get we we got you. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like It is like, oh, she, she was over there.


They on this screen then they, It is like, yo dog, we got it. Fa I'm cool. Yeah. So, eh, anybody clean up? There's a film called a Nora that really it swept. Yeah. And it was a very, very, very indie film that a lot of people have never watched before. Had never even fucking heard of. And it won all the major categories. Like Best Picture, best Director. Best director. Oh shit. I think it was a screenplay. Editing They Won. Editing that they won. Yeah. And no, sorry, it wasn't, it wasn't screenplay, it was Best Actress, which was huge because everybody favored Demi Moore to win for this movie called The Substance. The Substance Another.


Did you see it? No, not yet. Okay. The Substance and the brutalist. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna are on my list. Adrian Brody, Lemme tell you something. Good bread, good fucking luck. I will never watch The Brutalist. It's three and a half hours fucking long. It's like watching base. We're We're healthier in that area. Good for you. Okay. You tell me how It is. We have more. I have a feeling you're gonna fall asleep at least five times during this movie. Mark my words. Not if It, it's good. I done sat and watched the fucking Infinity War of Endgame King. Okay. Alright. I watched Lord of the Rings. I watched Twilight watch all of the shit That's captivating shit. Listen, y'all just watch it come Back and it's about the architect. Dude. Why is that not captivating?


Okay, listen, tell us Man. Well, we'll check it out. Okay. Y'all just, y'all just check It out. I I'm gonna watch it because I, I like shit like that. I don't know what it's about. That's the hard part for me without, it's about a, It is about an immigrant architect who built a whole bunch of shit and then the wealthy fucking people start treating like shit and took all the shit and stole the shit. That's your balance. Oh yeah, that's what I'm saying. You'll watch the help. I know. I expect it to be slows drawn out. He be root for the wrong guy stories. You shit me. Somebody built it up and then they came and stole it, bro. That's one of the movies where I'm waiting for my girl to leave so I could get into things that I like. Yeah. But listen, I thought Oppenheimer was long and No know whole thing.


There's definitely movies that I can watch that are Heim was great, that are really lengthy pictures. And I really liked Oppenheimer. Another really, really long movie that I completely love is There Will Be Blood, which was another one that kind of swept movie. Amazing movie Jan Davis. Yo, stick around when shit is long though. No, There will be blood with three and a half hours. Outstanding. I'm gonna make y'all motherfuckers eat your words. Okay. Back to the bugging Oscar. Okay. Y'all should watch the Substance. It's a very, very wild movie. It looks great too. It's really, really good shit.


I Gotta watch it, man. Basically the nor shit. That's interesting. It's about a sex worker. It is, It is. It's basically about this young girl. She's a, she's a sex worker in Brighton Beach and she ends up meeting the son of an oligarch. You know Her Paul. And she, they end up getting married and then the family comes down to meet her to try to get this annulled because I will, they will be damned if their son marries a prostitute. So the Father hid it before? No he didn't. He was in Russia, but Gotcha. You know, there's a hitman involved. There's all kinds of shit going on, so, Oh Yeah, I just read the, yeah, this shit sound all right watching This and nor Yeah. Oh Yeah, yeah. Good looks. Yeah. But the substance for me was really, really, I really love that movie because you would never think Demi Moore would actually do a movie like this. And basically what It is, It is like this, this aging starlet, she decides that, you know, she, she gets introduced to this concept of kind of splitting yourself in half and you're like, there's a younger version of you, but you guys have to share time.


I thought It was about Ozempic, It was not about Ozempic, It was about us hooping. Pretty much. Pretty much. But anyway, so the young Angenous, who was the lead in Nora, she actually took the award for best, best actress. And a lot people thought Demi had it locked. So that was kind of surprising. Also, what was kind of disappointing was the tribute to Quincy Jones. Like, it was weird. That's why I say this was not a j Jesse Collins production because the tribute to Quincy Jones would've been so much better. And he, you know, they had Oprah and Whoopi Goldberg come out and talk about it. Queen Lafa. And then Queen Latifah sang, you know, the song from The Wiz down the road down the road.


And I was like, out of all Quincy Jones productions, that's the song you choose. I Thought it because Tied Girl, I mean, tied in Wicked. I, I, I sure I get it. And It's still a Oscar's girl s that part. I listen, you could tell when Jesse Collins produced the Oscars, it looked and felt like it, you know what I'm saying? And I said, and that is a huge com compliment. This was very, I don't wanna say watered down, but it just was very, It is A, It is a different W word, white washed It was white. It was white. When can we get to the kiss? Right.


Okay, So Let's get to the fucking kiss. Okay, so the fuckery, so Adrian Brody ends up winning for best actor for the brutalist. Fast forward 20. So something years. Rewind. Oh, sorry, rewind, sorry, rewind. 20 years ago. What time is The play Circle though? When he won Best actor for the pianist and Halle Berry was on the stage and she was the one who was, you know, presenting him with the award. He got up on the stage and literally swooped her up in this huge unplanned kiss that she was not prepared for and she played it off really well. So fast forward 20 something years, he's won and she decides to recreate the moment and turns To his wife, front of his wife, in front of his wife, walked up to his wife and was like, yo, you know, I gotta do this.


Pardon me real quick. I'm gonna just pay him back And check this out. He did that in front of her husband. So there's that. Oh, will she? Seems to be different. It's a little different, but It is different. Is it though? She's, here's a different, here's A difference. Please tell me how it's different. What Her hu her husband was like where you are. Right. I was about to say, her husband wasn't right there. Right. I'm sorry. The wife was right there. Oh, he was right there. But she turned to him and said, You know, I gotta do this. Right. And didn't really wait for it. Yes. Okay. Well, so he didn't ask for permission and she did. Yeah. So there is, that's, that is a Difference. Yeah. I'm I'm not saying one is better, worse, I'm just saying they're different and, and 'cause I think it's a little, like, I couldn't walk up this, I on stage you could get caught up in the moment, but grabbing somebody and I don't On the carpet. On the carpet, preplanned, preplanned in front of the spouse to me is, is, is, is a tougher sale.


I wouldn't do either. I think you should kiss people with consent. She Would've got sl. That's all I was thinking was like, I don dunno what y'all talking about. My girl was watching. She was like, that would've been her ass. We've fucked that, that whole carpet up. What would, What would you have done? Bros Pimp was a little stronger, I think How Georgina Chapman handles it. She came over And took the gum From him. That is not what he just asked you. He didn't ask you nothing about Georgina hat. He Did not ask that. That was his woman. He Didn't ask. That's not, Are you asking? I'm saying if you are on the carpet with your dude who happens to be an actor, hypothetically old girl walks over, grips him up and gives him a kiss. Turns you says, you know, I'm gonna do this. Right. Gives him a kiss. How do you react?


She would've got slid. Thank you. Thank you. Thank You. Would've sl Sl Thank you Melyssa. Yeah. She would've got slid. Yeah. Didn't See that interaction. She went up to stage to take his gum in her bare hand. Like she's a, she's with it. She's with the shits. Adrian is got that She a lot, but no, no, no. Let's, let's, let's actually say it in a different way. He threw his gum at her. That's true. He could have fucking swallowed it. He really could have, he could've done mad. Different shit. He could've done a lot of different things. And then he got up there and he gave like a six minute fucking, you know, acceptance speech. Told them to shut the fuck up when they started to play the music. And then, oh, I mean I really like Adrian Brody as an actor, but that was, He's the man. He's the man. You crazy. I think all this shit. He's the man. Sounds like he's the man that Flashing.


Yeah, no, he's Yo shorty act Don't, and and I want it back when I Come on, Throw it away. Don't throw it away. It is that, does Ali have a book coming out or something? No Shit. Lu. I was wondering the same thing. Why? Oh, Luke mama. How mama just Say bro knocked. I don't want it to. The mirrors looked amazing. She looked phenomenal. She looked phenomenal. She Beautiful. She's a beautiful woman. That been my whole life. That ain't, that ain't a nothing. That's nothing New. Yeah. Like she should sit down now. She's on a press run For the lube. What? Sit down for the Lube. Do Lus get She she has, she should, she has a company called Respin.


Okay. And it's about, it's basically about health and wellness. But now she's added a component to it for women's sexual health and wellness. So she's, Man we skipping this shit when these chicks turn 50, 51, 52 something clicks something click and, and, and they don't know that we could see it. What do you mean? What's the click? I I follow 'em. Yeah. I I follow 'em. Go ahead. Use your words. It's found though. I'm do it Pussy. Yeah. That, that pussy get to parenting differently. Yes. And because you Yeah, That shit like a woo It shit like a, it's like a wounded cat And because you gauged and experienced and, and you've lived so you know people and you, you just have a different view than you did in your thirties and forties.


I don't want to, it's not, what's the word I'm looking for? I'll sum it up. There's a word that I'm looking for that I, It is, You give less fucks. That ain't what you saying You ran outta fucks to give. That Ain't what he say. Well that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. You give less fucks. There's a way to Give more fucks. There's a way to act. There's a way. There's a way Lot. That's a right there. I didn. Y'all are fucked up. Okay. I think Person should act a certain way at a certain age. No, it's true. Yo It is. And It is a Hollywood clique of them. Yeah, It is. And I'm not, I'm no longer talking about Holly. I don't know a personally to be able to speak about her, but so who's in the clique? But she has that baby powder on her. I agree. Like there's a few people that went to Sephora and picked that up.


The I'm gonna do some fucking, and a lot of it eyeliner. I don't care who It is. I don't care if that the, I don't care if that guy is married. I don't care if that guy's in a long-term relationship. She ain't give a shit that she, I'm beautiful and because I'm beautiful I can do what I want day at my beck and call and I'm on It. Is this Still sounds like salute to Adrian Brody? To me It is. You know, listen, he's the fly. He the man. Okay. But I'm interested to know who's in this clique that you described. I would never man, I was about to say you take that classy please. If you take that Rat poison That ain't I I I would, I would never, I wouldn't even let you.


Yeah. Come on. What's wrong with it? I Can name the sa. Alright, you just tell me off camera. It's fine. Think, think, think more of us Up here. You guys take anything from any of the performances? Doja cat killed Doja. Yeah, I was about to say she Smoked that shit. She got it on and Chick Ray is phenomenal but I wouldn't listened to her albums. They are using her way wrong. What you mean? Her voice is incredible. Yes. Then her albums are like some like dance pop shit. Yeah. Your fault. It's almost like, you know what it's like a star is born with Lady Gaga. Like how she like, she comes out singing like with these kind of, you know, shallow and shit like that. And then when they get their hand, the industry gets their hands on her. They turn into her her into an r and b artist. Yeah. With all the fucking weird wigs and shit like that. Christina. Like a Be No it's pink In the early Stages.


No, no. What It is is pink. Pink started as r and b. Yeah. And then that shit was, I remember them days whack as fuck. And then she comes out being who she really actually is. And that's why she's been a huge success. 'cause she's authentic. Now Did we find out why Ariana Grande is Benjamin Button? Like why? She's like infant izing. I don Know. Like why does she look six now? I Didn't even wanna say nothing 'cause they said she might have, it Might be health issues. It might be Somebody have some health issues. Her and Cynthia Bodied that they did intro. They did. They're because I like their camaraderie too. Yeah. It's fun To watch. You could tell Like it was genuine. Yeah. Like Ariana Grande kissed her hand and was holding like, You know what I mean? It wasn't some studio shit. But I guess you've been working on a, a major motion picture with somebody.


Oh yeah. Y'all might other you might fucking hate other. Y'all might built that up. It didn't show on that stage. No, no, no, no. I'm saying you're absolutely right in what you, what you're saying. They really do seem to like each each other. Yeah. Seem like you can be on a picture with somebody and fucking hate Them. And I like the way that Ariana kind of Pays reverence to her. Do Your thing. Yeah, for sure. I'm her. Do your thing. Yeah. And really gave her The shot because being Arrivo is fucking her. No she is but in not fucking But like It is Her, her is wrong. I was It is super Her Wrongest. I wrong on the wrong S Right, right. Sorry. Switzerland came out. You said Sable. I hate your fucking Emphasis.


You put the emphasis on the wrong sable. Yeah. That's Clever. Hell was a sable. Pretty sure syllable. But you put the emphasis on the wrong. Got it. Okay. It is. Got it. It takes a st thing out when you gotta explain it Joe. It, I missed it. It later. Catch It Later. Zoe Sodano won. They on her ass badly. They on her ass is all I know Zoe. I, Yeah. Yeah, Because they said that she, Because she ain't black, She's black, she and she not Mexican. Those of us. And she not Mexican. One was the race thing and then two, some people was clowning 'cause her husband was up there, you know he took her last name. So some people was finding, making jokes about that. On, on. But Wait, see I didn't, that didn didn't Know that. Now that team missed me.


Yeah. I only noticed this. Her Husband took Her last name. Her last name? Yeah. And she got a lot, She's Got a lot of money. Marco I only noticed is my wife sent it to miss the Ball's on this Lady. Oh, your the wife sent it to you? Yeah. And I was like, I wrote back, I don't know why you sending me this real nigga, but his name was Marco Pogo. Now he's Marco Salano. Marco Pogo. Okay. So she, oh So they both kind of prairie names? Yeah, He had, you know, he had, he had a, he Didn't sound no tougher. He Had to the last name. You know what I'm saying? When you trying to come up here, he had to take the last name. He had to take the last name. He Take that. Yeah. Yeah. The green card goes faster. I don know a lot money. No, no. Green cards go faster with sna a A lot of money plus Snapper.


Exactly. Might take, might might take name might take it. He take her last name. I ain't taking. So Why they mad at this lady? They said she's, she's not black's number one. They said that she played a black roles and she's been downplaying to them. She's been downplaying the roles that she played and they feel like she, you know, 'cause she said she was not apologizing about to the Mexicans and certain things. They just like, we don't like that. Wait, Wait. What's the apology? It Sounds like a headache. I, I am curious 'cause a lot of times you'll have somebody, I mean fucking Angelina Jolie played Cleopatra Nigga Charlton, has it been 17 Black Moses? Yeah. Thank you. But we I mean white Moses. No, I know. Thank you. Moses Is white. I thought Moses White until a certain Madonna is s not chicken Religion.


Wait, wait till you hear about Jesus man. It's gonna fuck your head brass. Because I go back, I don't have headphones on. I go back and listen to a lot of shit. You said I'm listening clearly. No, It is based off of the religion that you, you know, wool hair. Understood. Dude, I didn't understand like brass. I got that. That's not Whitey. I got that as an adult when I got older or as a teenager. Okay. No, They remixed the shit outta him. Yeah, They did. Like Jennifer Lopez played Selena. They was kind of tight too. That Right, exactly. I just think that, well she did a great, she she did a great job. She paid Hom, she filled in. Well she paid her to Selena filled in, nigga. But if you're gonna be mad about something then stay mad about the same fucking thing. Jennifer Lopez is Puerto Rican. She played fuck, she played Mexican.


So what's the issue with, but She paid homage to them. She paid homage to Sel. Who's, Who's saying that the other lady didn't pay homage. She saying I'm not gonna be apologetic for winning a role and, and and doing a role. I did my job. Yeah. What the fuck talking About The beef to me ain't shouldn't be with Zoe. And obviously she's a proud Dominican. People say she doubled down on the Dominican part on the speech too. Like I'm the first Dominican to win this award and hopefully there'll be others and da da and It is like you are also black. Right? There's but Was that the time to make the distinction go into the whole history of Afro-Latina and the black experience? Because look what We, you Have, you have three minutes Mel, listen, You have three minutes Brought. It's Not that you have three One syllables Black.


Wait, hold on one second here. Oh, men need Karen Once let finish. You have three minutes to thank everybody in your fucking life. People who have, you know, contributed to you getting this role. People who have contributed to your fucking career for the last 30 something years. You have. And then you have to say something profound and shit like that, that relates to your family and your culture. You have three minutes to like Do three minutes a long time. Do you know That was like 30 seconds what you just said. Afro-Latina Takes, do you know three seconds. Do you know the ongoing issues between Dominican and black people? Yes, I am. Or even even Afro Latinas and black people. How they say I'm, I'm Dominican and they sort of exclude The better this been going on for Generations, I've had, I've had a girlfriend of mine describe herself as a white Dominican.


Yes. I said, what the fuck is that? Exactly. So like I, that was the first time I'd ever heard the term And a lot before of us are aware of friends with the fucking white. A lot of us are aware of it. So, And when I tell you who the fuck it was, he, he Would be friends with the white Dominican. You will, I would never speak to him again. Yeah. I would Never speak. I witness I A white Dominican around me. Is she legitimately white? No. That's What thing was sitting Her, her complexion is extremely light lighter, but she has very dark features. She had dark hair, dark eyebrows, dark eyes. She listen To Pac? Yes. She live in Dikeman. No, I'm just trying to get, She's a name. Fordham. Oh. She's a name. Like, so like, maybe I should not use the word the term friend. I'll use colleague because we work.


Yeah, You right. Because we Work because we work together. Because every time you say the friend word. Yeah. It's like my man's right. Okay. No. So anyways, She letting it chop a spray today. Call back, Call back, call back, call back, Call back big man. Call the walkin boot nigga Two legs. Nigga. Trust me. I, I under, I understand the struggle but it's just like, how do you really kind of like describe what that and look at who she's talking to Black and We grew up in, I'm talking To a lot of times we grew up in the same neighborhood when you grew up in the same neighborhood. That makes it worse when you grow up in the same neighborhood experience the same struggles. You know, you see this person every day. You see these people every day and they say, yo, they don't identify with you.


I'm not black. I think Dominican. I think it's confusing if you don't mind me interjecting, you can interject when you do nationality ver versus ethnicity. Because you might go up there and say, yo, I'm from Queens. Would it be wrong for people to say but, well what about, hey shit, Haiti or Jamaica. And they Won't have a right to say that. And here's The 'cause my history, I dare him not say he from Haiti when he get up and when, 'cause I, I got, I got people take that personally. He not, I got attacked a lot by I don where not represent my Haitian side a lot. Like that's how people take it. Yo, you always represent Jamaica. You going to Jamaica? What about Haiti? Your mother's Haitian. So people feel It is very sensitive. It was different When you was young too, man. Let the lady get up there and fucking say What you mean. It was different when you was young.


Am I Asian? Just say black. All I wanna do is say, wait Here, here's a good example. Here's a good example. So She gonna be in a Telemundo 9:00 AM news. Hello Telemundo. You wanna rep that Dominican? We could change the course. All this shit. I thought you was black for years. But also she's representing like a Spanish speaking film. You know what I'm saying? She done her thing. Yo like and also so Black people shouldn't have A speech there. No it's not. It has nothing to do with that. What it has to do with, can you imagine if she just said black? Can you imagine how the Dominican community, We didn't say just say Just Afro Latina. We didn't Say just say that either. That would be wrong. Just say Afro-Latina. Okay. And, and I'm, and I'm not getting all heavy on her per se, but I, I understand why people feel a way, especially when these same people sometimes get black roles and they, they trade on blackness when it's convenient.


Oh, like Nina Simone? No. Like Zoe Aldona? No, She played Nina Simone. She played Nina Simone. She played this shit with Ashton Kutcher when Bernie, when Bernie Mac was her dad. Yeah. She was a black girl. Yep. But she hasn't played Nina Simone. That's what I'm saying. I'm Just saying. Wait, Is this the girl that's in Lioness? Yes, yes. Come on. You know the damn lions ain't Dominican. Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. No, got to, well who's Lion say Dominican? What are her Parents? Her mother's Puerto Rican and Dominican. Her father is Dominican, so she's 75% Dominican. The lion is ain't Dominican though, So, so she's Dominican and Puerto Rican, right? Yes. So why do y'all want her to run up there? Y'all? She's black again, Because you, I'm just curious because those are ethnicities.


Dominicans are black and Those, they're not racist, But she's pointing. I get it. I'm not, I'm not, I don't see nothing wrong with this Now. I don't think she's wrong. I think the people criticizing her are wrong. I, I don't Same, same, same. I think that, But that's based of experience that you, that's based of experience, man. Like it's deeper than that. I'm not disagree with you. It is extremely deeper than that. Just to say you are wrong for representing your ethnicity. Yeah, no, it's, It is deep in there. But yeah, mark, it's Just all, all I'm saying is I don't, people can make choices about how they identify. I agree. And I'm not begging nobody to be black if they don't wanna identify as black. I agree. However, if you're getting jobs, for example, no white woman would get a job playing Nina Simone. But they would say Hollywood Does No white woman in 2025. I hope I heard a rumor check this shit Out.


No, but just, lemme lemme, sorry. My point is, they let her get certain jobs, they let certain Latinos get certain jobs because at that moment they identify as black. Mm. Right. And then if you identify as black to get that job and then later on down the road telling you throw the black away. I I see why people feel frustrated. That's all I'm saying. If you don't be black, don't be black. But then don't be, don't be Nina Simone. She got a lot of shit for being Nina Simone though. She got a lot, lot of shit. Yeah. And I think Lot. Yeah, she did apologize for it. It, yeah, It Was. And since and I don't think she should have to. I don't Either. And since then, And that's all It is. Let, if them niggas gave me and you $10 million to play Manto, I'm going to get up that bitch in and I'm about that.


Fuck outta here. What? In theory that sounds good, but No, you wouldn't. I no you wouldn't. Who I believe him. He absolutely fucking would. I think he fucking would do what? Yo, she's an would, she's an actress, my nigga. She's an actress. So a lot of times actresses push themselves to do different roles and to embody certain shit. So Not so you don't have a white man playing being Malcolm X in a film. No, I don't wanna See that. But I, I again, we, he's an actor. What I'm saying is we've embraced that mad times. What's Batman? The the latest Batman, A punk dark, A fucking Robert Paton. We're not doing that. Sissy Robert Patson.


Robert Pattinson, Bell Bitch. Chris Bell played b played Moses like dog. We've had 15 white Moseses. And don't nobody fucking Angelina Jolie might be the whitest chick in America. She played Cleopatra. That ain't the same. But Why is it not? Because, Because a lot of America still thinks Moses is white and Cleopat white. That's different than playing somebody as they black Di And a lot of Americans think Dominican is Dominican and they do not associate them with black. And that's why I gave the Malcolm X example. When you know somebody's black, we would say no. So as we start to identify people by their race, I'm just saying, do we draw a line? But I had a whole other question about, about something different. Did, did coning go too far with the Kendrick joke? The Kendrick Drake group? That was h because a lot, I thought it was hilarious, but some people felt away.


A lot of people They felt away. How'd you feel? Actually, lemme ask you. 'cause you I know as a, as a, I think I think that as a what? As a what? As A Drake's boy as a person's opinion I'd like to know about. There You go. No, I I think that, I think that that's where we are. I think that and that, and I think that that's a part of what Old boy is talking about. Like, yo, this shit is in the mainstream America. It's the Oscars and they ridiculing the stupid motherfucker being a pedophile. And, And for those that don't know, the joke was that Kendrick said, I mean that Conan said we're halfway through, We're halfway through the Oscars. It's about that time when we ref first For Kendrick Lamar to come out and call Drake a pedophile. Pedophile. Right. Which I thought was a fucking hilarious joke. Just as a joke. I thought it was hilarious. He said, I'm lawyered up. Yeah. He said, I'm lawyered up. Yeah. I'm lawyered up that Right.


I laughed For a long time when he said it. Me Too. But I, I also think that Conan O'Brien is borderline like acceptable. No, he is like one of them. He's, he's really good. He's amazing. He's really, really, like I said, acceptable. Really good. Yeah. Oh, alright. Exceptional. Like I view him like that. And part of that for me was even that joke, right? Like before he says I'm lawyered up. You don't really know how to take that. Right. Like it's open to a million different interpretations. Which is why I thought it was, it was great. And we saying Conan O'Brien, but the black dude that wrote the joke has been on Twitter ever since, right? Yes. Defending himself. 'cause people have been on his ass. Yep. Hey, why did you write that joke about Drake?


But he said, I, hey, I wrote jokes the other way when it comes to predators. I got the tweet, I can find it, but who cares? It don't matter. And Honestly, that joke to me is as much about a criticism of Kendrick as It is this a Drake? He's It is like Kendrick is, it's a criticism that Kendrick keep doing this. Yeah. Keep doing it. Like, damn nigga another one. So Didn didn't see, I saw it as a balanced, funny, brilliant joke. It was really Good. I just thought it was a funny joke. I, I, I didn't from from D'S point of view, I'm a little sticker here. My name attached to the word pedophile. Pedophile. Yeah. Which I get. I Get it, I get it. But, well that's, this is what happens when something that happens in hip hop grows to be that big. They took it, all the brands, everybody take it further. It a little Right. They took it, they took it here, they took it further and that's, that's, he didn't wanna do that.


And that's freeze. Hey, tell what what he saying? Freeze. I just said it. What he saying? You missed it. I said It is that for funny. Never got any funny, he took it further freeze. He took it further. Took I didn wanna do, took it all. I didn. He didn't wanna do it, told nah, nah, nah, he's following through. I told Yeah but that, that's homeboy's point. That's his point. Like, yo, my name is being associated with a pedophile in front of the fucking Oscars dog.


Yeah, yeah. Enough. All the biggest fucking advertisers in the world. But had it went the other way, he would've been calling Kendrick a Wifebeater. So I mean, here we go. Oh man. Is it Stacey? Hey Nokia is fighting for his life out there against this pedophile. Hey crazy. Yeah, El have a little slap in the talk. That that shit moving out there, there take it back. I like that shit. That shit moving out there. Take it back. I still like that shit pansies. But it's working for him. Nah, it's moving nigga. Whatever it's working for. I ain't, I ain't no hater nigga.


Man. What you said before? I ain't no hater. Clean it up. What'd I say before? I don't think you liked it. I don't like it now. But it's moving and this could grow. When you look what you, you did It is your key chef. Hey It is crazy. Nah, don't fuck with that song. My joints off that album are deeper. Gimme a hug. The Houston shit crying in Houston, raining Houston, whatever And something for whatever at, But You can identify with those Four songs, Special records. You can identify when something is doing well. Like yo It is doing. I can see why it's doing well. I see why it's moving. But UMG ain't paying for it. So I mean that's coming out of somebody else pocket. It ain't gonna be around long.


You gotta pay for songs to stick around. It don't matter how many of y'all like it. You have to pay for songs to be around. Okay. But I'm, I'm, hey, I like the song. I Don't give a fuck. So a Lotto. So a lotto did in the car, she dancing to it? No, I didn't see what Lotto did in the car nigga. And I did, I did see it. But don't say that to me on end nigga. See what Lotto did in the car Like that. Not like that. I'm just saying like she don't like that representing man. Come On. Listen. They doing what they doing they doing. They doing what they doing And I'm not mad. I'm not mad. Hey everybody that's rocking with some shit, rock with it. I ain't the guy that's gonna try to convince you that a song you like ain't it That It is subjective?


Yeah. Like what you like. I like what I like that's not what I'm going to on the project. But hey, what do you need right now? Salute. That's not what you trying to do. What? Hell no. Oh no. My taste is too weird for me to try to get other people liking what I like and don't like what I don. No. No. That's not the beauty of music. Why? Why is that you trying to shoot shot? Nah, Go ahead. Me. Ah, fucking that's how I Fucked my leg up. Shoot Shots. Yeah. About to say bad, bad time nigga. I'll do what Ammani did to me. I'll come just fucking stomp on that little walking boot you got. I don't want no smoke Brother. You know why you corny? You tried to swag out the walking boot with the Sergio. You are a corny old school nigga.


Why? Just, I just because look, let's stop, stop, stop, stop. Look, that's what I did. Look, you needed something that was gonna fit on top of the walking exactly the right way. Look what you did. What's The right way nigga? Sweat face. You Know the right way. Stop. You look good man. You look like You did it. This guy's nuts. You got it. You look like in 89. Yeah, the gray with the gray. You look like in 89 my nigga. Stupid son. Something's wrong with your brain. Y You ain't got the watch When you made, when you made your first million at 29. How fast did you lose it? Very fast. Come on, get off Me have To watch old some pimp shit, Man. Very fast. Pitchman. What? What's very fast? Like I how many years? Three, four.


Nothing. Think very fast. Dang. It was fastest because the markets fell. So you didn't spend it, it just, it just the way you No, I spent it. Oh, okay. Okay. I spent it Char house every day got save marks And that's, Oh yeah. And that's back when the char house was impressing bitches. And that's back when the char house. Char house every day. Yeah. What your number might be in the fourth? I don't Gonna lie. Your number. My, I meant my bad fives. No, I'm not Fives not five Fives dog. Mm. Will did it. Will was the the man. So were you. He was the man. Oh I'm, my brain was some Else. You was, you was the man nigga. Not to five, never five digits.


Don't listen to him. Dog. Wait five digits or five hundreds? Five digits. Five digits. Oh. Oh. Are you crazy? Five Hundreds. That's why I was like, I was gonna say that to you. Are you crazy? He's somewhere in the thousands. I don't know where, but I think it might be closer to the five then It is the three digits. That's my own belief. I'm not forcing nobody else to think nothing. That's my own shit. Joe. Do you know what 5,000 is? Yes. Antoine 10,000. Yes. That's a Lot. That's a lot. I'm 49 years old. I'm fucking a long time king. What's Wrong? She wasn't doing that every day. Nigga like chill seven times a week. You had to put your dick in the walkin. Yeah.


Boot. You gotta put apple cider on that shit nigga. Apple Cider vinegar. No. What's funny about this? All right, I'm wrong. 3000. You that number doing, say you wrote the calculator. Yeah. At 3000. You gotta pop six women a day for your whole life. Is that true? That don't sound math. That don't sound true to me. I just did the math. Wait Ish. It's three 1800 Would be if you did six a day for one year, it'd be 1,849 years times 365 days. It's 17,885 days divided by 3000. It is 5.96 women a day.


Nah, I Think you don't. Yeah. Something something's wrong with you man. That's not right. One every five Days. Something's wrong with man. It is the opposite. You should have divided where you both. No It is not. Let's check. Damn that nigga's doing It is crazy. It is some sick man. You do. Because again, if you did six a day in one year, you do it. You would've done 1800 already. 365 days. You right. You right. Damn it. Shit. Let's Go. That's how much he been fucking look. Look You right. Yeah. My shit all so 5,000. He's like, wait, I did fuck 5,000 with you. Turns out It is a day you stupid.


Alright, It's time for my favorite part of the show. PrizePicks. Alright. PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really simple and easy to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players. Look at their projected stat line for your chance to win up to 1000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with PrizePicks. All right, who do we got? Who do we got? Who do we got? Who do we got? Who do we got? All right, We got a couple games, the heat and the Cavaliers. The heat. Shout to the Knicks. 19 point comeback the of the night in Miami, which is fucking South Madison Square. I'll take hero in that for more than 18. Alright, we got the Mavs and the bucks. Mavs bucks. Shout to Kyrie prayers. Yeah. Yeah man. Our prayers are with you Kyrie. Man. That was devastating. That's my man. One of my favorite people in the world. Shout to Kyrie. Same. Yeah, just a good man. Good person, good human, great brother. Give me Dame Lillard in that for more than 21. Alright, we have the thunder and the grizzlies And oh thunder. SGA, oh thunder. Gimme gimme. SGA gimme SGA for more than 26. All right. And the kings and the nuggets. Gimme the joker. Gimme the joker for more than nine boards. There we go. Alright. Simple as that. Don't forget to download the app right this second and use promo code JJBB to give $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat if you download the app right this second and use promo code JBP, you get $50 instantly after your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


Alright, before we go any further, I want to shout out to my Ramadan niggas out there. Shout out. I want to shout out to y'all for being strong, being disciplined, getting in that bag. My barber came over the other day, almost fainted. Cutting my hair at the end of the cut was like, yo, it did just like a store. I can get some snacks, anything to fill me up on the ride home. I was like, God damn you going through it this Ramadan. Why you didn't offer him snacks? Why ain't offering the nigga no head? Why you didn't offer him snacks? Why y'all assume I have snacks? You got something to eat your house. You talking about how much season, yo, you really did have a bad month.


Yeah, I let you hold. So you fucked up. I did hold away. You know what It is? Lemme hold Some water now. Some Snacks Ish. I had a bad mouth. Wait, hold up, hold up real quick. Would you let me hold something? Of course I would. It is different from when your little Elizabeth friends wanna hold something. No. And And, and you was on my case. I know It's different when I, when I wanna hold something. It ain't gonna be the same as your little west orange friends. I know. 'cause They might not give it back. You gotta, you When I come pause, I need pause. I need a few. I agree with you niggas on my case about the still wild, the three 50 nigga. Like he, I starting to think my man's struggling a little bit, but then I had to think that it's all part of his plan to to, to, to, to distract us. Is that what It is? Yeah. Because we, you know, we've been, we've been coming at him for the past couple of weeks on here about, you know, him showing out and him not being generous, which he is.


So then now he wants to double down. Like, all right, what's up with that three? On the flip Side you call that He generous To you. You had a good month. Huh? I did have a good month. Yes. How much you made last month? 46. Nice. From the room alone. Hold room. Hold, Hold on. Not including what you gimme hold Up. Let us praise you. Take a compliment. Let us You not including what he gives you. No. So 66. Woo. Well the money No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. 70. No I'm just saying like I made 40. Oh just I made 46 just working hard. What, what? What's your primary source? My primary source.


I can't answer that. Why you don't ask him like you asking the first time? What I asked him how you made that? Yeah, Just working, working hard, filming. How you made that come off a little different than what your primary source. I was trying to be more respectful. Yeah, I mean I camera I just working hard filming and trying to figure it out. You know I I, I put double work in 'cause my plan was to take the whole month off. That's my plan. Ah To go to Trinidad. For Trinidad? Yeah to Trinidad and just handle some business because it's me and him going back and forth playing around. But you know, shit was looking too. Shit Looking too sweet. Good Shit looking good out there. My boy. My boy. I fixed the Whole studio nigga. 46.


That's a good month. See month We made 46. Yeah It is a great, It is great month. Damn. It is not. Stop it. It is a hard work of dedication man. That money is gone anyway. You ain't teach niggas how to do that. Yeah, Yeah. He niggas I No, no. But It is not that I some help and I was just telling Ish, I said yo, one of the accountants charge $500 an hour. Like he even includes email if he responds to an email. He's some crazy shit that I'm learning in real time. Yeah. And Oh you don't say that's actually the I didn Me. I didn't know. I didn't know that. I thought niggas just once you hired, That's literally the debate they was having two weeks ago. Oh, for real verbatim.


Oh they were? Yeah. So when I went I thought that you know, once you hire them they communicate with you. But now they charging him by the email. If they have to respond to you, he's charging, he's on the clock phone call per piece of correspondence. Yeah. So If they pick Up your phone, your phone Call. Yes. You Getting charged for that and They call you on weekends and week. They don't mind. They'll call you at night. Yeah. But you're being charged for that time. Of course. 46. That's great though man. And you got a lot of insurance costs too, I'm sure. Huh? I was just imagining on your sentence the insurance costs a little higher. Yes, yes, yes. Well here's the thing and this is why You have insurance. I do. Hold on, lemme Gimme. He just answer like a nigga who don't I about to respond. He like that's a good idea. No, no, no Insurance.


You like, you like to crack jokes. I'm the crack Stop. Lemme respond please. They was about to cancel my insurance 'cause it was up for a renewal and I didn't pay. I kept pushing it all. Pushing all because I was good with that with them. So there's somebody new there that told me, yo, you gotta pay what you gotta pay over. Your insurance is about to be canceled. Yeah because they, they off the strength earlier the month when I was not doing too good. They said yo. I said I don't got it right now. Can you send it? You know I'm good for it. They sent it. Yeah, I gave it to my landlord. I just totally forgot the room was happening. But you know I paid it. I paid it. Please do bro. I paid, I just want nothing that happened. Like some, some crazy unexpected shit could happen. Like a brawl could break out on set. Somebody get on, somebody get punched in the face, Stop it. You know What I mean? Next thing you know I paid it two days ago.


Okay. Yeah. Solid. That all Damn y. Don't get money up here. Yo. Mel, why did you, you sent me a DM process. They eat, they eating. They eating. You sent me a Dms Up here getting to it. Do you run the hot and bother page? Is that you that runs it? The Instagram. 'cause you sent me a DM about wanting to live in health. So I don't know if you was like talking to me through it. Like it was a video about one black man wanting to live and something. One Of her assistants Was cracking on you. No, it wasn't cracking on me but it was like when I read it I was like damn Mel really want me to get healthy. Like I think it was me That was one of the spaces girl. No it was me. Stop It. That wasn't nobody Stop It. Is she for free The team? Yeah. Yeah. She got a team of Yeah, intern.


Intern. That's how they got intern. Intern. I did that paid intern Move too. I Paid me a gas Trip. Paid intern. The shit paid intern. The shit I Paid me come on gas. Oh yeah. No that was me. That wasn't you? It was me. No it was me. Okay It was me. I promise it was me. I ain't gonna lie away. You pull it off you far away to get the free. The free the free shit. What? What did you tell him? What you promised him? A I'll bring you to the Jamie. I'll bring you up there. I flip did it. He put all them from the networks. Did Mel the network we gonna bring You right on up. Mel. Mel the network Mel be hustling this shit out. She gets it done. You hear me?


Then she make this little stupid face. Look. Look. Then she make this little stupid ass face. Gotta Love it. Gotta Love it. Alright. Saturday night was the fight. Yes sir. Yes. Saturday night was the fight. Javonte Tang Davis versus Lamont Roach Jr. I owe that man an apology. We do. I mean I ain't speaking for y'all. I don't know what anybody else said. I came in here with my bold ass and was like, I would like for Tank to fight somebody that I know because I'm a casual fan. That Was what you said. Yeah. Yeah. So I owe that man an apology. He certainly gained my respect. Really great fight. The, the best fight I've ever seen against Tank. I think he won.


I do too. I think he won. They didn't count. If they count, if they counted a knock down, You gotta count it Can't count it. Why not? It's not the rules. What's the rules? The rule is if, if you take a knee as a result of some other circumstance outside of being punched or hit that forced you to take a knee. It doesn't count as a knockdown. Like an equipment malfunction or something like that. Yeah. It don't count as a knockdown. But he got punched. He Didn't. So when they showed it, they showed the super slow mo. The two punches that he threw missed him Right before that he got hit. But the two no. So he looked at the referee. He looked at the referee and took a knee. He didn't like it wasn't a punch that forced him to take the knee. Do you understand what I'm saying?


And they showed it in super slowmo. But that's open for interpretation is what I'm saying. That's True. But, And there's a lot of AI generated videos with that because they saying that at one point he turned his head and the punch missed. But I didn't, I watched He Got hit. He Got hit bro. They showed The super slow mo and then those two Yeah, I seen him million times. Y'all talking about two different punches. Yeah, I'm talking about the hit before those two check jabs. Right. And then he looked at the ref for a while and then he took the knee. And that's what makes the rule interesting because based on the rule, you you, the fact that you didn't get hit with them two jabs means you can take the knee. Yeah because 'cause the jabs didn't cause you to take the knee And, and but Your point is well taken, which is you could still be dizzy from the punch. It was 30 seconds. It was four punches stone. It was four punches stone. He threw a hardass hook that missed, then he hit him with another like semi hook, then he threw two jabs that missed.


So it's a possibility like when Tank hit Ryan, Ryan with the, that liver shot. Yeah. He punched him. My man took her out three steps back and then was like, whoa. You know what I'm saying? I'm saying I'm not disagreeing with you. I'm just saying it's open to interpretation like Mark said, my thing is I don't think he lost. I'm not hanging my hat on that knee either, by the way. Oh, I think he just lost. Nah, they gave, they gave, I think it was a draw. They, 'cause they gave two of the judges gave Roach the 12th round and that 12th round wasn't really roaches in my opinion. So I think, I think, see I read Tank Could say something Opposite. I've read that Tank got two of the judges gave Tank the 12th and if he didn't get the, those two tho those two judges in 12th, he loses.


See I read it but they said that they gave roaches So we'll check it. Yeah. But we'll check it. Well Tank Tank won the last round. Yeah. To me. And two of the judges won, gave Roach the last round. Those two judges would've gave Tank the last round round. We need, if I'm fact, fact check That we Can check fact check that What we watching in real time is how the audience is. I don't wanna say they're getting tired of Tank, but they, they, you know, they they they, I don wanna say tired 'cause I fuck with Tank, but No Tired is right. I took a nap during them first five rounds. No, they, but They, they, They, they were, I was dozing in and out like they were Booing, they were boo They don't boot Tank, they were booing Tank. They started to boot tank based off his excuse about the grease in his eye and they were booing him. He looked differently than he looked different than we you used to Seeing him. All I got, Regardless of what you think of the outcome, The step or You think it was just a bad night?


I mean I Don I don't wanna take nothing away from Roach. I think that everybody, I'm talking about two separate things. I'm not taking nothing away from Roach. I'm saying the tank that I saw on display that night was not like the tank I've seen in previous fights. That that's what I'm saying. That could be from a bad night. He looked frustrated in areas that I'm not used to seeing him frustrated. And I seen a million clips that say he was beefing with Coach Powell in in the corner. You could tell there could have been a few things going on. I just know that I'm not used to seeing him like that Word. I was just saying, I got the official scorecard up and two of the judges did give Roach the 10th round.


I mean, excuse me, 12th round. See I don't think Roach, He didn't, he didn't win the 12th round. So that's the thing like they saying that they would've gave, and those are the two judges that had to even score had to even fight. So if those two judges give Tank the 12th round, it's unanimous decision. Yeah. I think what I told Corey, we had an argument off camera. I think Tank gets hit a lot. Every fight he fights, he gets hit a lot. What happens is he finds a way in the seventh or eighth round to hit somebody with some clean hard shit that puts him down. And a lot of those fights he be losing on the scorecard. Yeah. Yeah. He'd just be knocking niggas out. So in this particular fight, he couldn't knock Roach out. Roach landed the, I mean went the distance and it was a pretty even fight. I think Tank might have got the edge in my opinion, but it was a real clear fight Tank gets hit a lot.


Tank was doing. If He didn if he didn't lose it, he didn't win it. Yeah. IIII think the draws fine If he didn't lose it, I think the draws fine. He didn't win it too. I'm not mad at the draw. I'm not mad at the draw. Me either. Because I mean, I'm not mad at that. Can we, can we acknowledge how we thought that this would be a, a bum fight? Not on Tank's behalf, but just like we didn't know who the guy was and we were off our seats. We were on the edge like Lux was at my house and you know, I was sitting there like we were like this. Oh Shit, I thought it was a good fight. It Was a real Good fight. I thought it was a and real, Real good fight. Shout to shout out to the, I'm sorry. One of the things I like with Tank, 'cause we criticize people like Shakur, we criticize people when they wanna box. Right. When they strategically box tank kind of gives us what the fans want, which is a brawl.


So then niggas was dissing them when he was brawling with a brawl and he wasn't dominating them. Which, which one do we want? We want a boxing match or you want a brawling match. You get what I'm saying? And I think that he typically brawls, he gets hit a lot. Niggas he hit harder. Those niggas was hitting his shit out. Yeah. He just hit hard. They was taking some hits. Yeah. From round six, seven on that was a match. It was a slow fest. Yeah. That was an absolute great Match. Great, Great fight. I got a problem with how late them fights be starting. Me Too. Me too. Shit. Shit, shit. Real late. I don't stay fight started 1145. Yeah, I be bad. Why did they do that after One? Is that a, is that a business? Because usually the, that wasn't the east. It wasn't No, I I know but usually the, the fights are on the west coast so it starts like around like eight, nine o'clock over there, nigga In get this shit cracking.


Right. We in Brooklyn start this shit at six, get the under going at six so we can see this fight before bedtime. I Agree. That's a good point. Again, all the respect in the world to, to Lamont Roach. But again, them them, them saying Lamont Roach won would've bigger implications than just on boxing. How so? Because Tank is the biggest draw right now, right? Indeed, Yes. Yeah. Like nobody near In any weight class. Nowhere in any weight class. Nowhere near it. And I think he's the, what is it, what did I read this morning?


Now he's the last American fighter, but he's the dominant American fighter. Like a lot of the other fighters have signed deals where they in Abu Dhabi or over here? Wherever. I'm not fact checking right now, but I read something that says Shakur and a bunch of other niggas fuck with just non-American places. So if you're taking it from the biggest draw in America, then nah, hell no Business. You're saying that still might be signed on American soil, business, Business, all business, big business. It is too many. It is too many things that are affected. Yeah. We can't let that Happen. Yeah, no, sorry, I'm with that. I mean we say, we say hey, we say it about other sports.


Yo, it's true. Your fools. I'm gonna let that Happen. I'm with that. That's our brand at that point. I'm not shout the tank man. I I think They announced all night. Yo, we have reached a record for the number of people even allowed in the Barclays tonight. Damn. Wow. They kept saying that they ain't been to Barclays a million times. It was like we're at 19 7, 25. They was packed up in this for boxing For box there too. For a boxing match. So, and, and I don't know another fighter that could put 'em in the stadium like that. What did y'all think about his hair grease excuse for the knee? IIII think he believed it. No, but and that's what the story they showed. Yeah. And Amanda, Amanda, she came out and said that she had this similar situation.


Same thing happened to her. Yeah. I read Yeah. Amanda, Amanda Serrano. Oh yeah. She Said that. Yo, she said it happened to me before. She said that it burns your eyes. So It happened to me before when I was getting to Beijing. Beijing starts Beijing start dripping in your eye. Now it's like that old shit. Oh, when her grease start dripping in your eye. She crazy. Her grease, She ain on top. Shit. It is like You a porn star. Like you, you and you. Hefner would been, you would've been in the Playboy. Man. Never. That probably was your wish as a kid. Never. I can't wait to go there with the, listen, they, the snow bunnies, they charge With all due respect To get in there After watching everybody at the basketball court. What's up? She gonna be on top. She, She Word Respectfully respect niggas, family, myself included.


I said word myself included Niggas family. That's the first thing I said to him. I said, damn son, you can't even, I was like, damn son, you can't even get into your shit no more. What? You said it's a wrap. You gonna be on top. He's like, nah, my hip, I get little rope. I mean little rope. My Sunday was rotate a cuff. That's fucked up. Our our partners deserve better. But nah, Nah, I felt horrible. I felt horrible about school. If if if Lamont, if Lamont, Yeah. You good? Hold up. Fta. Are you cool? Oh no, I'm great. Are are you cool? Sketch Face caught. You making that little stupid face at us. I caught you making that little stupid face at us. Listen, I'm just glad that you know, like the, it's the collective delusion has lifted, the cloud has lifted and now you guys are, you Know, we Leman Yeah, we're in our place.


Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. It's cute. It's cute. It's cute. You were saying, I Said if, if Lamont Roach Jr. Does well in his next fights, man we got a, a new star. You know. Nah, he tough. He's fire tough. I mean he made a statement from DC Start. What's His record? I don't follow boxing much. You Got good record. He got a good record. Okay, so this isn't like a styles mix fight thing where like where like you got one loss. Okay. He was trying to do, he was doing a show the roll. And I, and I See that tank figured out the double jab with the left or whatever he was doing to get past the shoulder roll. People can't do it like Floyd Man, Floyd people can't do it like Floyd's Floyd. Yeah. People can't do it. Like Floyd, that's work.


Yeah. Then that's the other problem. Right. With all due respect, I ain't just going throw the star word around. So loosely true. Like it take a lot outside of boxing. True. To do what Tank has done what Floyd did, what Packy out did what De la did. Tank is that nigga. Yeah. Like when you start getting into the box office aspect, Lamont Roach probably got the boxing You need that other part. Yeah. But he, he's never had an opportunity to do it. So we don't know if you can do it until you get the shot. Do I feel like even at the weigh in and the, and and interviews the, when they at the table and they're doing the interviews face off.


Yeah. The face of all that shit leading up to the fight even kind of lacked, lacked some of the normal flare. That tank. That tank. Tank rings. Yep. Normally I they See that that was, I Yeah, I know you, I know we've been fighting since we was 10 and They both from the same. He like, Yo, your mom is here. Come on, I'm not gonna do that in front of your mom. It's like, we not getting, we not getting this. I ain't trying to kill you. And Lamont is like, they asking him some of the juicy shit yo, in the interview you said Tank wasn't gonna knock you out and you was gonna destroy him. What do you think about that? And he gave theological man answer like, the fuck you want me to say. Right. That, that that's what they asked me. I'm fighting this man. Like how would you like me to answer that? That makes sense.


It's not so box office. That Is what Boxing is for. Yeah. It's not so box office. Nah, but I, but I think not when you friends with somebody Joe. No, I think once you respect the nigga, once you've been in that ring for 12 rounds, that nigga hit hard. He wasn't no slouch, he wasn't no chu. I gotta respect him more. I'm gonna look like a idiot. They started fighting each other dirty. A little nigga. Yeah. They started getting mad At each each other. Tank do that a lot. We in war nigga. They was talking crazy to each other in the race. Yo. What y'all think about the hairstylist coming out? Sit down. Yeah. I's not your time. Sit down somewhere. I think I Just lost a couple thousand dollars. 'cause that's the last time you'll do my hair. You dummy Just to get some fucking clap. You a idiot. You shut the fuck Up. You, you shouldn't had nothing to say. Stupid. I didn't use Grease in. I no, I, I have came out.


Y'all put extra grease in your shit? Yep. My bad. It's my fault. My fault. Hold him down. Crazy, stupid ass to get some clap. Yeah, I Would've just took a different angle. Did y'all like his hair? My bad tank? I apologize. Right. I'll try to use some oil base next time nigga. I Said all like even if he was lying. Right. Yeah. That ain't for you to say shit. To ride on that shit. Support The Lie. Yeah. Yeah. That's your job. That's the, that we need, we need to bring that, bring back people support supporting your life. Mm. It ain't enough of that no more. These bitches got all the gadgets and the tricks and the iPhones and the iCloud linked to they phone and the iPad. No bring back when you need.


Gonna blow a Gasket Over here. You, You one friend to Support The Lie. Yo. Yo. You know what they need to bring back yo. Call right now. Like we don't even get that no more. That was the one Call right now. Call it right now. Yeah. Free. When Joe received a call and they was looking for Michael Paul, he came inside like something's going on my phone. They called me about Michael Paul like I'm about a doctor. Like his shit is tapped. He know what shit tapped. He can't, his shit tapped. They called me, asked me if I was available to do a surgery. I knew they had, I said you joking? I said Yo short because I'll come up here, yo, my thumb A little fucked up.


But I'm nice with the knife. I'm free. I'll come up there and save somebody. John Q bitch. No I owe it to you. Humanity. Yeah, no for real With the humanity to try. Great fight though. Shout out to man. Shout to both of them. Looking forward to the both rematch. Hopefully They get a rematch. Yeah. I don't think he had a rematch clause. He did have a rematch clause he said on Twitter. Really? Because Tank was like, and the re I'm put you for the rematch fast. And then Lamont was like, It is in there already. You got No, they both was like, yo, we we should do it again. But hey Sound. No, no. Lamont said it's in the contract on Twitter already On Twitter because you wanted it in there. So if you want a rematch, take the fucking rematch.


Right. Cool. We'll see. Look, basketball, you know All that's gonna do Cha change, cha change Push The price. That's it's Gonna push the price now everybody gonna wanna see the shit. Yeah, it's gonna push the price. If You gonna be high 90 days And now it's going to command Vegas. Did that fight make you feel differently about what you thought of Tank versus Shakur? Mm, no. No. Who would you have winning in that? I can't answer. It's hard 'cause styles make fights. But I, I told me and Corey had this argument last off camera. I said that, see the way Roach was fighting, they was literally going toe to toe.


Like, yo, Shakur's not gonna do that. Shakur's not trying to get hit. You get what I'm saying? So it's gonna just be a, It is gonna be a style thing. If, if Shakur could hit him and move and hit him and move and hit him and move, he'll beat him in points. If Tank Kala one of them Monster hits that he'd be doing, then he'll knock him out. But Tank could take punches. He got a chin. Yo, he, he take a lot of punches. He, he got a chin. So I think that you never know. 'cause again, it's, it's the style thing. The Newark, New Jersey in me will not allow me to honestly answer that question word. That's my answer. There you go. Free yo. You stupid. Yo. There you go. Free. I Ain't gonna say that. I seen a lot of people giving Tank Slack for coming out with Jim and Juels.


I'm from New York so I can't get into that. I thought it was fly. Why though? Like what is their, This is trying to be funny. What's the Connection? What's the critique? The critique is a lot of people feel like they've never seen Tank look like that. So they saying bad Juju was on them from Jim and Jule's Cam said It is bad energy when you came out. He did say that. Then there's some other comedian niggas that been saying, yo, why the fuck are you got these old young nigga, whatever they were saying. Again, I'm from New York. I can't, I can't rock with it. I was hype. Yeah, exactly. He to see I was hype. I like that song. Yeah. I like, I like CR music Get crunk.


They just gonna keep getting that gem for looking young. Yeah. Like dressing young. The the Chrome heart scarf. Like you can't win. But that's his battle. That's what he Do. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Listen, my New York bias shows in Jim Jones conversation. So I'm leaving it. So I'm leaving it. Man, that album crazy though. It Is really good. It is really Shout the start to finish. Yeah, yeah, yeah It is. Alright, what else we got? What else we got? Why is Paul George on the board? I just wanna understand Oh man, because Paul George last week Ski Mask Hall of Fame. He might, he might, he might be the he done Don't You Wish for the days when all you had to complain about was Tobias Harris contract.


Remember that? And he killing In Detroit. He's doing well. Didn didn't wanna lose the Paul George said, did he stopping in his podcast to focus on winning a championship. Thanks. And I thought that, I thought that was Sentel. I didn but it wasn't, it wasn't. I didn't, he really said that. So, so, so The question for me not to take it off of Paul George, but 'cause I think that's fair is in general, should NBA players be allowed to have podcasts While they're in season? While they're in season? I, I don't like it. Or Even while they're in play. Yeah. Versus the ones that are retired Right now. I'm not a fan of the sports, sports athletes having podcasts during season. I never been a fan of it. I stand with Ice. I almost wanted to say really?


Not if your team is doing bad. I can't see how your conversation with the owner is going in that respect. Jalen Brunson makes it tough for me to have that argument. 'cause him and Josh Hart have a podcast that I want them to stop. But every time we're down by 12 with 30 seconds left, he scores fucking 14 points. Right. So I can't say anything about Jalen Brunson's performance, but would I like that podcast to stop during season? Yeah. But then they got Ja they got Dolan on the, on the next podcast they promoting, which is like a cluster fuck for Knicks fans because Dolan has had strict media rules since he inherited the team from his dad. Yeah. So for him to be sitting with a player and talking is like phenomenal.


It's like, it's almost like the Yankees changing the beard rule. I I think it's dope. I think it gives them something mentally to, to distract their focus. They don't, they work out every day, but they don't work out hard every day. You know what I mean? Like, they watch film, they might do walkthroughs and shit like that, but then they have a, a huge portion of their day that belongs to them. So if these are things that bring their anxiety down, they It is fun. They enjoy doing it. Keep 'em at the clubs. Yeah. And and that part we in New York City, bro, we, we've seen That's true. Beat the, we've seen what New York does to athletes. You know what I'm saying? Saying. So if they could do this, You've seen it for sure. Right? Yeah, you too.


Talk about it. Yeah. You got Oz, we talking about You right now. Talk about it. I have You've seen it For sure. For sure. I've seen it. For sure. For sure. You was one of the niggas that did it. I don't, I don't Who You didn't need to. Anyway, So I think I I I'm for it. I I'm, I'm a guess I'm even what you said is if it takes they focus. Like if, I think if your team is ass, I don't wanna see you focused on nothing else. It's, it's, it's KYLE Murray playing Call of Duty. So, but like, I don't, you could do it and you're, I just don't want to know that you doing that to me. You should be trying to get better. Y'all should be trying to focus on how to turn this team around and try to get some wins out there. If you sitting here kicking it with your homies or whatever on a podcast about, it just seems focus.


It is off they human, bro. So to Joe's point with, with, with Brunson and Josh Ark, they winning. Yeah. But Yeah, but that's the outlier. Oh, that's not true. Draymond Is winning. Draymond is winning too. But, but it, for me, for me it's not about LeBron Is winning. If you're winning, no one complains. If you're losing, people complain. True for me. And and that's ultimately what it, what it comes down to. Right. Of course. As a fan or as a owner. That's the perception of it for me as well as the, the effectiveness of it. The first question is can you pod and be good at this at, at, at your job? And I don't know. Some people can, some people can't. Before podcasts, Paul George was sitting out games before, before podcast existed. He was fucking coming up short in playoffs. At least in a lot of people's minds, the numbers don't really show that.


Whatever. Right. It's a perception of it. So if I have, if I'm the Sixers owner and they're selling tickets for a dollar right now in Philly, they're literally selling tickets for you. You Ain't been down there in a long time Neither. No, I ha I sold all my ticket. I I paid like 200,000 for Just won another date. No I didn't. No he didn't. No, he didn't go. Who said That? No, he didn't go anymore. Yo. He gonna call you when he go again. So if I can't give these tickets away and, and Bead is injured, Paul George ain't playing. And then I go to YouTube to fi to type Paul Georgian to find out when he's gonna play. And instead I got another episode of, of podcast p Yeah. It look, it just looks bad. It's it's bad. Yeah. And It is bad for business. That Paul George contract, I think It is like a five year deal.


Something nuts. It looks nuts as it goes. Mbbi being unavailable is an understatement. They're now talking about getting their money back. His contract. Yeah. Medical early retire. He's unable to play a year from the date that It is. They called me. Yo, You gotta get my money. I don't care about all this. Yeah, I was gonna ask, it's over now. Right. When we gotta go figure out what that bet was When it It is 5,000, five Bucks. Yeah. You just gotta send that. I Give it to You right now if you want it. You have $5,000 cash in them jeans. I was gonna, you'd be able to see him. You'd be to see Serial. I was, I was gonna bring you the kid bring it to you in cash. I man is doing man doing bad. He up four years.


11. Yeah. He must be fucked up. I man doing bad. He, he collects on his beds. Nah, but he usually, Ah, I never seen myself. He's a hungry in his voice on nigga Touch. She got a fever. You good my nigga. You doing shit looking shaky for you. Doggy. I don't know what plan you got. It's Tough out here. But I ain't falling for it, nigga. I'm saying It is tough out here. Niggas brought fake water in here, all type of shit. It is Force water with niggas names on it. It is tough. I don't want, don't always assume I'm doing good. Check on your strong friends. He Make, he making 53 million this year. He's at Career Lows, Joe. Oh, Joe. Yeah Joe. About that, about 40. That shit is nuts. Yo. He, he make a 50, he signed a four year deal for 2 2 11 and change.


Yeah. No, he, he, they sick. He he's, He's killing, he's sick and as a fan He average 16 points a game. As much money as I spend on season tickets. When I, when I actually see it as like you, y'all, y'all are fucking with my money right now. Like I feel disrespected, I feel disrespected to, to watch somebody not play. I mean when we went to the game he was just sitting there Chilling. Chilling. Yeah. He was Chilling. And to See that and then to watch you be on a podcast every day podcast is different than playing basketball. I get that. Clearly we proved that this weekend. But like at, at some point, like, you gotta look like you've given the effort. You know what I'm saying? As, as an owner, I think they should just make a rule. I can't say nothing about Paul George negative ever. 'cause many years ago we was heading in the whip right there.


Right, right, right there by Greenhouse. We was walking in Whip and I was behind him in the lion or he was behind me in the lion. I got respect for him. I got respect for him. Man, how many That, that shit is a cheat gold. Six nine in the line. Decent looking, nice kid, old fresh lineup. It is good contract. I'm in there. Bummy salutation, bummy as hell shooting. I don't care Joe. But I got immense respect for boy George. I can sayt nothing about it. Man. I I have a question. Goddamn, have real Quick. When Luca wiped his sweat on the basketball, yo, that Ref was tight.


Like what? That ref wanted to smack the shit outta Luca. Did She have a right to be mad? What was that? A girl. Oh yeah. IIII Was gone. I didn think, sorry, Bomb me. Did the ref have a right to be upset? Yes. Yes and no. But Luca has a right to do that. The ref has a right to be mad. Stop nigga. It's a million people that work here that can get you a towel or anything to wipe your sweat off. I'm the one handling this ball. You wiping your sweat on the ball. And I gotta handle it right here on the free throw line. Show them niggas be sweaty as fuck. They be wiping it. The yugoslavians all. No. What's Luca? What's Luca? The Hugo. Them niggas. He Something man. He said lu some shit right of they be sweaty. Them, them them.


Dumb dumb. Yo. But again, everybody Jersey be sweaty like they wipe. They j it's the same shit. Black people don't act like that. Black people Don't like that. I was right. He's Slovenian. See he's Slovenian. What The fuck is that? What country? Yugoslavia nigga? Yes. No, no, it's not Yugoslavian. Slovenia Potentially part of the old Yugoslavia Tension. Melania's from there. Yeah. Homie Down. Homie down. Mom, you American though. Enough of that sick shit. You be talking about. She She's question too nigga. She know that side. You, she know that side. Nigga. We just crack jokes. Our mother was whooping her ass as a kid. She knows that's her nigga. She had to walk with the president picture. Remember what we said? I think Red think Reddit found a picture of her.


That shit was funny. It's possible. It's possible. I I posted pictures of me and my mom on did on my base. She mom red it get off the fucking Ass. You held it down though. That was mad funny. Oh Man. Mean you held it down. No, I mean The jokes like, that's what was funny. Oh, She like, she's a Grease boy. Yeah, no, that was hilarious. That was absolutely hilarious. All Right. Yes Sir. Paul George. I think he got the memo. Yeah, he did. Even saying that out loud. All right, we gonna try to do this with Care and Sensitivity. Ah, we gonna try to do this in a manner to where y'all still have time to do what you need to do out there.


We gonna try to do this with the utmost respect for the viewers without too many spoilers. SPOILER ALERT. SPOILER ALERT man. D oh my God. Did they kill the soundtrack? They did. They did. Did they? Absolutely. The soundtrack smoked it. Oh, lemme stop this for a second. Had me singing that shit with Smoke M right there. No, 'cause first they was just doing the instrumental and I caught it and I was like, Oh, they caught that. This is my question to y'all. This is just quick. Which do you prefer? I'm gonna play That in the car. You're Such a honky. Shut your ass Phil. Fucking Collins. He It is, he's he's he's him. Which do y'all prefer?


What they did on Paradise, where they have the angelic white voice coming down to do your favorite known slap like Paradise under a soft bed, bed of music or the trend in the movies where they take the hard rap song hook and slow it all the way down, like the horror movies. Like, I got five on it. Ooh. Like, which one? They did that. I love that they do that a lot now in the movies. But that one in, in part Particular say my name For Candyman. They did That one. Yeah, they doing it now. I'm with that in the new one. Bear with me. 'cause my brain is leaving me in the new one. Not a Marvel movie, but one of them new hero movies that's coming out soon. I think they did Starship like, and they slowed that down and that was absolutely insane.


All right. Y'all know what I'm Talking about. What song from Starship though? Fucking Sarah Lake. The one Hold up. Hold up. Hold up, hold up. The one I just played recently. Oh fuck. Well anyway, I I like I to slowed up shit. Hiphop record. I Like when they do both. I like both. Like how they did with This. I like both. The angelic white voice is underrated. I love me a good angelic white voice. Yeah, no, it's true. Alright, did everybody here see the finale of Paradise Show Guest Year 40 and up right now.


Let's go get your back big man. Hey, Let's Shout the legend Phil Collins too. They played a lot. Y I'm so mad at myself for all the guesses that I did as to who's gonna kill cow Three twice another day for you.


Paradise Light is air right now. Let let the musician get in bed. Is this y rock? No. Borderline, but Yeah. It's a little passive. All right. Very angry at myself for my guests not listening to these Spoilers. I Didn. See it. Go take a break. No, I'm, I'm I'm going to the bathroom. Take a break. Yeah, I'm, I'm like, fuck out six episode y'all. Oh my God. Down Starbucks, take a hike. Fuck Mark. Go to fucking Starbucks. Go grab us some lunch or something.


What a jerk. What a fucking jerk. It's no way anybody could have been Way Fucking wing. It's cliff hanging. It's not true. How It's not possible. It was real easy to say. Oh, the, the guy that they showed us trying to kill him. No. Yeah, but you don't Think that, but you think we thought That they tackled him. He went to prison. My my brain should have came up with that one. Oh, it's the guy that they showed us already. No. Trying to murder this nigga. You would've never thought that. Now why? Because you wouldn't had a backstory as to why he tried to kill him in the first place. To me, that shouldn't have mattered. And I would've thought they killed that guy. I would've thought, yeah. I thought they killed that guy for life. I thought he was locked The Fuck up. Yeah, I thought he was. Which he was. He was locked up. But he got outta there. Yeah, but we don't, we don't, we never even remotely have an inkling that he would get outta there In prison break.


He got outta there. And that hunting show, they get outta there and on tv. The guy gets outta jail on tv. Jail ain't his tough secure. They fucking No. The other guest with the lady. That was, that was a better Guest. That was a good guess. That was a better guest. That was a good, what did y'all think of the finale? Come on, talk to me. Talk to me. What did think Without going too much into detail. I didn't like it Too tough saying I was very underwhelmed. I liked it very underwhelmed. I I, I remember when it first went, when it went off, I looked at the TI was like, damn. That was kind of, how Were you underwhelmed? Because you didn't see the the you didn't know that he would be the killer. We were underwhelmed If I could talk for both of us. I got It is because the fucking show jumped the shark in the first season. Whoa. That's a little, that's aggressive. That's aggressive. What does that mean?


Tell people, people who, dunno what term the shark is. It's a TV term. We've Broke this down at least six times in the Podcast. But what carry but new listeners, if you have not, if you're not familiar with the term, it basically means when a TV series plot line has gone from plausible because there's always, you know, a suspended state of reality. It's from dramatic effect. Yeah. So it goes from being plausible to completely ridiculous. What, what did you think was completely ridiculous about it? And if, if you thought that up to episode seven it's been plausible. Yeah, No. Because That could be deemed as completely ridiculous. No, you're right. And it it that, like I said, that's why I said suspend reality and you know, just kind of understand that the show is a lot of dramatic effect is taken here.


A lot of liberties is taken. So you do that. But then it's like, okay, dudes in fucking jail happens to be in Colorado. Then there's a prison break. And it's just like the timing is so short and for all of these tiny little variables to come into play, he breaks outta fucking prison. Yeah. He happens to get the cop uniform, he got his little tablet. Shit. Then he's walking down the street, you know, checking IDs of people who are in cars and there's hundreds of thousands of cars. But he just happens to buck up on the two people that have clearance to go to Paradise. Come the fuck on. He, No, he was searching for people that To clearance. And then, and then, but the timing, It is just, It is just, I Disagree. He was from the area.


He was working there. Sam, he tried to assassinate him there. Like it was that he, the Area He wasn't from, he wasn't from Colorado working On, He was in the thing. He was one of the creators of Okay, fair. Fair. He helped, he was the manager. He was the engineer. You're right, you're right about That. They locked him up in that jail. Yes. Cool. So when the jail break happens, of course if the world goes awry, the motherfuckers that are in jail are gonna try to break out. That would happen next door. That's a fact. If the world goes awry, he gots out everybody else on some run amuck shit. He's an analytic. He sees the dude down there with a badge, with a uniform, with all of those things. I get out, I kill him. Okay. I mean he, I kill him. I take the knife outta his chest. Now I have a uniform that makes me look unofficial of official and representable at that point.


I totally understand and I see, I see the purpose for it all. But it just to, it just to me. And it wasn't, it wasn't hundreds of thousands of cars. It was, Did you see the aerial shots? I saw, I saw it. Of all those cars, they wind around down, they wind, they winded around wind down the mountain and he's going car by car like, yo, Find someone With, and they're like, yeah, they got us going, blah, blah blah. And that road might have been the road to Promis land. Yeah. I knew he was gonna kill the people. Yeah. Knew that he killed the people. And then only, Only, and then he is coming out of like a, a, a convenience store and just happens to find this woman who's just sitting there. Just, That was one of my favorite parts. That Was one of his favorite parts. Because now the two, you Happen to be in the best spot that you could be of anyone in the world.


Right, Right place, right time. Yeah. And it makes me look that much more representable because it was the librarian and his wife. So now my wife and I are gonna get on and makes it look, You know what I mean? Like more, you won't think nothing about it. Acceptable. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Like it's a husband and wife couple as opposed to just a single man coming on. No, bring the wife in the family. And Then in addition to that, we look at the president's house or the former president's house. He's got guards and sort. So he just happens to know that That's what killed me. He, he just happens to know that he's gonna get past all the secret service agents and get up to this man's bedroom and kill him. Only, Only two. And they was off their guard. Only two.


And they showed you would they, You wouldn't know it In episode one, the guards were addicted to Video games. They played video games every day at 11 O'clock. There holes in the security Whole time every day at 11 o'clock. But how would, he doesn't know that though. How you know he not stalking, watching them? Hmm? He might be stalking the house. Yeah, he's, because he said his watch to exactly 11 o'clock, if you see he was in the bushes. Yeah. His watch said 11 o'clock. As soon as his wife said 11 o'clock, he put his shit into play. So at 11 o'clock they always say that these two stupid motherfuckers killed the security to play we and the fuck. Yes. So he might've been watching the house for a period of time. Because to me what made it less plausible is the daughter gone with the girl.


I'm the daughter should have died. That is my only beef about the finale. The daughter should have been gone when it looked like Jamie text Sinatra and say Yo, it was done. I don't know how. Yeah. I don't know how she survived and Jamie dropped her off and now, nah, She was lying to her the whole shit. I know because she had, the lady was really crazy. Jane, Jamie. Jamie is really nuts. So I'm confused. Would you have popped her Pop Jane? Yeah. Pop Would shoot her or pop the Fuck her? No, no, no. Fuck her if I was Huh? Bill or anybody in there. If you was the guy playing the we in there and worked with James. Yeah. You fuck James Little goofy ass girl. You don't know. She's nuts.


'cause she played the goofy role to the T. Yo niggas have to throw that line in the garbage. We didn't know she was nuts. Sometimes. Sometimes we don't know. Sometimes. Sometimes you don't know too. Only. So sometimes, a lot of times we know, most Times we know they not too. And We just be like a bet dog. That girl was playing goofy very well. She was, when she poisoned that nigga said you said bring the biggest Motherfucker the nut bitches be having a good shit and abusive bitches. Yeah. Y'all keep saying yo, stop playing Twice. The bitches that just gonna throw land, picture you them fire right after Two. They just passionate. They passionate. That's all It is. That's What It is. Okay. Okay. But I was confused about the, when Jane shoots her and then she walks up to Sinatra and she says he was gonna shoot you in the head, I kill you.


And she was like, you have a long road of recovery. Where did she shoot to? Where she didn't look like she shot her in the fucking neck? No, because that's, she's a secret service agent. They don't really miss. So I'm gonna shoot you. Bitch we, I know you ain't gonna die probably to the right of your heart somewhere. That's what it Look like. Yeah. You not gonna die. Okay. You welcome. 'cause he was gonna shoot you in your fucking head. He should. And I need to make it look like you're gonna die. Like I meant to kill you Should have been shot high. Listen, I don't, I don't want, I don't want us to delve Yeah. Too deep into this because I wanna give people a chance to watch it even though we just unpacked everything for the most part. But I wasn't mad at the finale. Me either. I Wasn't at all For a quick, for a quick eight episode run. And You gotta figure that they didn't necessarily know for certain was gonna be A season two gonna Exactly.


That's right. That was big. And I think that again, I'm always looking for the other shit. The overall theme. Yeah. I think that when he sells to tell him like, yo dog, I started getting comfortable here. I thought that we had like a a, a rebirth, a potential for society. And you same rich oligarch motherfuckers put us in prison and started doing the same exact things that y'all fucked up upstairs with. That shit was monumental for me. Him talking, I knew that him talking to homeboy like the little subtle shit. Like, you know when I be watching shit, I'll be looking at the shit away from the action. You're not deep, but go ahead. I Alright. But dog, that, that shit was monumental when he was talking to him. I agree with you. Like y'all did this for Adam. Shit like that.


Like it was, it was, it was big. And and trigger warning. I ain't really like the librarian's suicide jump. Nah, that was kind of flaw. I didn't Love it. I thought it was like some Nah, he should have been shot before then. Like his jump wasn't assertive at all. It Was like no, he wouldn't took that next little chunk of that sky. He did. Sure did. And I don't think he should have jumped. I I wouldn't have shot him if I was them. I'd have shot him. Yeah, If you would them. Hell Yeah. Not in the head, not me. He'd have got shot that you done did much. That's I'm, You Could shoot a nigga without killing him. And he had the weapon in the library. Shoulda have shot. He should have definitely Shot. He had the murder weapon in the glass case in the library. Nigga you could shot. I think he, that's what I'm saying. I don't think he should have shot him. I think that we trying to get outta here. So whatever information that you have is more needed than not.


I wouldn't have shot him. And after he sat there and told you why he did what he did, it's the same journey that Homeboy was on at that point. We bringing down all of rich motherfuckers. It was the same exact journey that Homeboy was on at that point. So why not make him an ally instead of shooting him? I enjoyed the episode. Me too. Me too. I also enjoyed in real life Sterling k Brown's wife doing the, she was doing a watch reaction. Oh real. Oh shit. So I like her. So when Sterling K. Brown, the wife is watching like, yo nigga, that's all you had to that that's what you said to stop her, try to stop her from going to Atlanta.


Like now I'm looking at you funny. Like what if this was the real, what if this was the real deal? Like tell me his real wife. His Real wife. That's funny. Watching what? I'm no practice right now. Tell me how you would get me to not go to Atlanta. 'cause this shit bass. No, that shit was absolutely dope. You know, one thing I like, I like when Cal pressed the blue button. Yeah. To stop all the, you know, to shut the world down. I thought that was dope. I didn't See that coming at all. That's one thing. Oh, he broke the blue shit. Yeah, the, he broke the blue shit and he typed the code in to stop all the nuclear bombs and to shut the world down and set to sets us back 500 years. But I thought that was great. I like that part. Dope. Yeah, me too. And I just chalked this up as one of those shows.


Sometimes you get shows where the finale is before the finale and that's what this was like. Episode seven was their peak kabang. Yeah. Now we just closing this up to get to the Next season into Parks' Point. And If that happens, I remember everybody's reaction after episode seven. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But again, to Parks' Point, they might have had a whole set different episode eight. Yeah. Yeah. And now we gotta renewed, we gotta rewrite episode to, You know what I mean? To, to to open it up for the rest. Oh, we're all still a great show. It is true. It's still a show. Eight episodes. Even if you didn't like the finale, it can't be made. I'm, I'm not knocking the show at all. It's hit the round of applause for Sterling K. Brown, everybody on the staff for Paradise. Really good show.


It is Made by the same guy as this is Us. That makes sense. Dan Fogelman. Dan Fogelman. I see his style, man style. It's a good style. You good boy. It's a good Style. You good Boy that boy is good. Let's bring this right back. Fuck that. Yeah. I ain't mad enough. I ain't mad at all. What else? What else out there is important or unimportant? I said biggie's catalog is going up for sale. It is. And his his 125 million Likeness and all that shit. Wow. The likeness. Yeah. Is this, does this coincide with his mom's passing away? That's what's weird about it to me. Could be. That's what's weird about it. Yeah. Seems it was announced literally I think maybe a day after she passed.


Oh Wow. That's weird. Why? I don't think that's weird. Not weird at all. It kind of, it kind of flows together. It makes sense. The estate is in probate so now we gonna see what we could get. I don't know. Yeah. You know, and kids don't want it. I was about to say, I'm not picking or knowing what his children have. His kids might not have much. Nah, well don't do that. You could have much and still want a hundred million dollars. Facts True. No, I'm just saying. But if you got something then you might not immediately put it up for sale. The very next day you'll evaluate your options and you know what I'm saying, assess what, where your financial situation is. You're not gonna just throw it up for sale to man. Let's say, let's take this off Biggie. Yeah. When you this we know about Let's keep it a buck.


When y'all die, young kids is getting rid of y'all's ass shit A lot of times. That's why You right away, that's Why you put things in place to Prevent that. That that's not true bro. That's not true. It's all contingent upon where you are financially. My kids selling the shit out they condo. Oh, He ain't keeping that shit. Ain't putting shit. Not if they got money. Especially Tre. That nigga ain't beat for money. I don't know if it's, that's where we differ. I don't know if it's a beat for money thing, but That's what y'all saying y'all are. Yo, immediately we gonna throw the, I think Trey, I've known him since he was a kid. Trey don't really be phased by materialistic shit like that. Don't, I don't. It's necessarily a money play. When my grandma died and she gave me whatever she gave me in Campbell soup, it, it made sense and it was a good investment, nigga, gimme the shit.


The fuck outta here. If you don't gimme my seven grand, whatever the fuck it was worth. When was this? My grandma died. I wanna say 2011. What was your financial 2010 somewhere Today. Today. You don't sell it Today. That's my point. Today. Now Today you don't sell today You keep the soup. I add on to that. Yeah. Today you get some more alphabets in the soup. I add on to that. Add a little more noodles. That's what I'm saying. I don dunno if they're doing good today. No, but they do have a pointy issue. Like a, you hear the stories about when a parent pass away, a children sell off their assets. True. It is kitchen doors. This is why, this is why, this is why a lot of people put things in place where they can't sell it. True. And my father put in place some shit like, yo nah, you and your brother no skits.


No, not at all. You can't sell this. It needs to go down. I didn't even know that was possible, but at the time I didn't know it was possible. Have You, evaluat, have you, have you had an evaluation done on your ips? Are you trying to be funny? No. No. That's a real conversation. No, You should. Yeah. How much you sure worth? I said it last week. It is all right though. I was in the ballpark. What is IP? Intellectual property. What do You mean? What, what do you mean? What is it? Look, let's, let's engage in this shit that you All shit The only, the shit you ever came up with. I have no, I haven't had any, I haven't had it evaluated. No, I didn't think that you would because we don't behave that way when, But I As the living.


But, but I'm learning. I'm learning now. You should, You should. It's like, it's like, think of the artists that are selling the catalog. I got it. Right. Like it has to be evaluated. Let me see what my catalog is worth just so I can know. You ain't even have sell And what I earn over The next course of over the next 10, 20, 10, 20 years when it'll be at its peak value. Like See, I'm, I'm mad at that because I think I'm not, 'cause it's not my wheelhouse. I think you could borrow against that catalog as opposed to selling it. And I'm always a fan of that. Mm. I'm always opposed the asset. I'm, I'm always a fan of keeping the asset, borrowing against the asset, generating more wealth with the borrowed money and giving it back.


So now I just have way more assets as opposed to selling the asset. Like if you could sell it for 1 25, I could borrow 50 against it, take the 50 and make it work. I still got the catalog and more shit. And you can Pay back these Services money. I'm always a fan of that. Yeah. That's a level of financial sophistication And a taxation Level. Right. And a desire to grow financially. A lot of these wealthy kids, like, they just wanna spend, they just wanna spend, they just wanna spend the rest of their life spending money. And they like I can think about after though. Yeah, You had your IPS evaluated, right? Yeah. Nigga, it ain't a hard question. Yes. That's slow ass answer, right? Yes. I just think it's dope, man. You gotta Do that for the state planner. No, yeah, I understand.


Yeah. I'm learning. You Got wills and insurance and stuff like that And everybody. I don't No. I have insurance Again, I want to urge, urge everybody get into their estate planning too. Do Everybody. Yeah. Estate planning. What, what's the shit my dad be preaching Your PSA number for the cancer. Shit. What else? What male be preaching health checks. Yo, listen, real screening. The audience up here that listen to this is too smart for me. For my good. And I say that to say to go back around because when I say I'm learning in real time, they have a problem with that. Oh nigga, you Old. I think that that's one of the greatest things. I Think. That's amazing. That's, no, I Think that I'm not, I'm, I'm so comfortable in my skin. You og Hold on. I'm, I'm comfortable in my skin to learn that. A lot of times in my life I I just wasn't into certain things.


No, but No, sometimes Coming up here, I'm sorry, Go ahead. Sometimes your circle exposes you to things that you would've never been exposed To. That's it. My mom was, my mind was only, and I'm not trying to make it about myself. They don't like that neither. My mom was only, I gotta, Holy shit, you Learned that. I gotta get to the Fuck that now. I'll stay on that. Stop. Yeah, go ahead. I gotta get to the bag. I, I came from nothing. I was poor and I don't want to be poor again. So if I can get 15,000 from doing this, if I get 9,000 from doing a a minute, let me see how much I can get in the time. And then, you know, your lifestyle, you start spending more. So coming up here, It is just learning different things about how to navigate through the world of media. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And, and people don't understand that.


Like when you, when you, when you, it's, that's why I understand the story. Sometimes it say like, it's predatory sometimes to give somebody out the hood a big contract. The same thing. Like if you don't have the information, it's not predatory, but it's crazy if it's setting 'em up. If, if I don give it right back, if, if I started YouTube, look at my account and within that year I had nothing. I'm living in my mom's basement, nothing. And then now they, at the end of the year I have 70,000 and it's like, okay, there's something here. So now you're seeing how you could double it without the knowledge or the education. So then you seclude yourself from the rest of the world. I don't know about the podcast as what's my man financial shit. I don't know about that. I just thought about what's My man name that being in Vest Fest every year, the billionaire black dude, Robert, Robert Smith. Smith Rob, Robert Smith.


I seen a clip with him yesterday. He was like, don't y'all know the word Capital, the root word cap is Latin and it means information. I was like, oh shit. He cooking now I did that. We frown upon people loaning this. He was going Crazy. And you know what? And they demonize it. I think we frowned upon people learning in real time or teaching in real time. I think everybody wants to come off as this knowledgeable person. No, I think It is. Wow. I think that the vulnerability is, is is a Strong vulnerability, Bro. Well, to me, but I'm telling you, it's not a vulnerability for you not to know something and openly admit. But how many, how many people say that? But you're being vulnerable to say it in public. How many, how many people say it publicly? They wanna know everything. But I'm just saying, when y'all be talking, I write my notes.


I go home like, Oh yeah, I Vulnerability when I, I love to hear them niggas talk. Like again, certain people, Dame 50 Jay, even Irv rest in peace. A lot of times when the niggas talk, they'll be saying some shit and you'll be like, Yeah, Like flip saying, you, you, you Robert Smith, fucking don peoples, them niggas be talking that shit. You'd be like, oh, okay. Yeah. You know what you're supposed to know. Huh? What does that mean? I disagree. Oh yeah. I totally disagree with that. I don yeah, I totally disagree. I know you. What does that mean? Yo, his mind is so crazy. Like I don It means that the world is designed and there's levels in it, right?


So we look at the NYCHA niggas, the niggas that's in the NYCHA apartment housing in fucking in New York. Like there's certain sectors of the world that they're not gonna allow you to have. I see what you mean. Yeah. I agree with that. Access to Oh yeah. And as you progress and as you get the tools to level up, there will always be levels above you that you have no knowledge on at all. You know what you supposed to know for where you are in that moment in time for what you make for, for all of our pasts, right? Like sometimes in the morning I, I stand on my balcony and I'll stare over at Billionaire's Row and just be like, How?


Like you don't ask yourself how, Not really the how. Right? But it's not for me right now. Like whatev whatever that is for that point of view. Even though it's not far from here. Right. Like I've said before, where, where, where I live, I could step on the balcony and see Spanish Harlem from right here. We can see Spanish Harlem, we probably across from Harlem. Right. But the people over there, as close as It is in proximity, it's a different POV. But billionaires grow always a lot of generational wealth. Like that's pretty much all It is. I I don't, I don't assume that.


I Don't assume that neither. I don't assume that. Not today. Not today. There's people, there's people out There. There's too much tech money today. You know, a lot of them didn't come From money. True. But the majority I would, I would say it could be that the, the majority of the population of billionaires Row is, it's not new money. It is generational wealth. So do You think Sorry, go ahead. I'm, I'm sorry. So when people categorize, they call this right here, the Gold Coast. The Gold Coast, right? So they say all this is new money. They refer to all of us as new money. Like this is new money. And it, the Edgewater Fort Lee, we Hawking area. We've been here for 20 years, 15 minutes away from here.


Niggas didn't know this shit existed. Yeah. Literally 15 minutes away from here. People did not know that this shit existed. This used to be my date spot and people that lived 10, 15 minutes from here didn't know it existed. Rest in peace to the multiplex nigga. Fuck Are you talking about? I used to go, I think that when Joe, see I agree. I disagree. I disagree with Joe when he be like, yo, you need, because I think if you don't put information in your brain Yeah. You become complacent and you don't never scale up Ish. Do you think that It is designed for us to be comfortable in whatever situation that we are in? A thousand percent? Yes. Because it's like you hear the rare story, It is a rarity for someone to say, that's not really rare, but I want to go out and find more information.


So I'm gonna take the steps by spending my last to find it. If I have to lose this apartment or lose my apartment and I seen somebody in nycha, I wanna go out there and find the information. If I have to struggle to find it so I can go to the next level. But a lot of people don't want to take that chance. I don't think it's designed like that. I think complacent and comfortability is just a human Case. But, but why, why don't you think it's designed like that? If you're staying in a project building rent is cheap. You're able to, you get, you get no disrespect to anyone. You're able to get food stamps and then the money that you make from work or on the side, you pocket it and, and could fund your lifestyle that you're trying to show the world. That's comfortability. Sure. I don't have to do that much. I can stay in here.


I, I'm not willing to learn anything. There's a process on how I'm achieving it and I'm getting it. So if you understand what I mean. Yeah. I I I do, I think that growth is uncomfortable. I think people only grow when there's uncomfortability. That's one. So were things designed to keep us in a certain space? Yes. But I don't think that those designs Today a library card is free 'cause you like people give they last. So information is is around you. Free. We got the internet, we look at bitches all day on the gram. We look at our, what you call it, page for you Page. Yeah. All that. The for you page and the all of that shit is based on what you, you spend your time watching.


If you start watching financial shit, it's gonna keep feeding you financial shit. That shit is free a lot of times escaping these traps, it's free. So I don't think that maybe it was designed in yesterday year. The trap was Yes. But today I, I just think motherfuckers be com But the trap is inside your mind. Like you have to have the, you have the have to have the wherewithal to seek that information and also to try to seek different relationships. Like if you're the smartest one in your circle of five, five new, then you need a new fucking circle. So me And Joe stand, me, Joe and Corey stand on total opposites. This is one of our biggest fights. We stand on total opposites. I believe that they believe that people got they foot on your neck. I totally am against that theory.


Right. I believe that if you want to grow and if you want to succeed, you can. I don't believe that nobody can stop you from becoming Robert Smith. I hate when You do that. I do. I hate when you do that though, because I'm, I'm on both sides of That because one on the gate the other. Yeah, but I'm on both sides. You on the gate, are you saying that they stopping you from doing something? No. No, no, no, no, no. See, but that's, you misinterpreting what we be saying. We don't be saying people are stopping us from doing something. We, you never, They just put, they just put certain things in place to prevent you. That I'm awares. Yeah. Of all of the obstacles that are in place, he's right for me versus someone else that don't say it's impossible. I'm not, I'm never preaching to that Message. What, what if somebody putting an obstacle in front of you and this is your dream, right?


If we talk about from the media game, what if it's like you ha you have all the qualifications, the people are interested in you, the person's interested in you to do something, and then somebody who was higher or in the same field that you in put a obstacle in front of you to prevent you from getting that. They just throw a a a monkey wrench. What's my of action? Your, your course of action is to either go somewhere else or find another way through it. But what if the obstacle is, so there's a lot of times you hear people in the media game. It's called blackballing and gatekeeping. Hmm. That is real. Oh yeah. That, that, that is a real thing. Stop. Like You right there, you can have the conversation and this is why they say from a kid, don't share all your information until the deal is signed or don't or whatever that slogan is.


But yep. People put up roadblocks Ish. And then now what do you do? Do you change your course of action? Do you go into a new field? I got two names. Jay-Z and 50 cent. 50 cent got blackballed. Okay. Niggas, the niggas that was black balling him admitted numerous times. Yes. I was blackballing a nigga. Yes. Yes. Purposefully 50 cent is worth a couple hundred million dollars. Yes. So either you gonna circumvent the blackball, you gonna keep trying, you gonna go through it, whatever the case may be. But I believe if you got persistent you could Get around. But 50 cent was blackballed, no disrespect. Shout 50 cent was blackballed not by someone in that office. True. Not by, that's not, Irv was in those offices. Irv told me that direct Irv Was in those offices and had their ear.


Ja ja rule was Scottish fish Flip saying 50 is blackballed and one little corner in one sector. They Oh, I See what you're saying. You know what I'm Saying? Yeah. The, the foot on neck theory that we talking about speaks to systemically abroad. Yes. Not just one aspect of something. Got it. Cool. But at that particular point in time, that was his world. That was the only world that he knew that he could get out. That He wasn't gonna go make TV shows in, In, in 2002. He wasn't gonna go write a book like in, in 2001, 2002, 2003. This is his world. You understand what I'm saying? Like this is the world that I know that could get me out the jungle of queens that I could go to put some food on the table for my family.


And That's back to my point because that was his world and he was a megastar in his world. He gained an access and was privy to things and people and info and resources and networks that other people are not post blackball. And 'cause he's a genius Post blackball. He took That, That wasn't pre blackball. He gained that access after he fought through the Black ball you talking about Mix Tape 50 before Get Rich comes out, He's trying to get a deal. Deal. No, that little music, black Ball is a dot on the piece of Paper now. Major. But he still had to fight through It wasn't a dot then to become a megastar. It wasn't a dot then Joe. That shit was a as major circle major. That major, that major. He was fighting his ass off to get through. If that's the only world you can see True.


I I, I think that he is greater than that and saw more than that. If that's the only world you could see, then yes. That black ball is insurmountable. True. But he still had to Get through that black ball. That's my 'cause He made it in that world. The world where they tried to black ball him in. He didn't go somewhere else. You got the clue to get to the next clue. We gonna do the escape room. Some of them clues you'll get to one early. You can't do that until you figured out the other clues that line up to that clue. We, we know the story. Yeah. The 50 cent story and was listening to the mix tape on the airplane. Yeah. It just landed in his lap. Whatever the case may be. From what I heard, I might be wrong, but dog again, that's just me keep making mix tapes. I ain't say, yo, these niggas is black balling me.


I'm gonna quit. I'm gonna keep doing what I'm doing and doing what I'm doing and doing. I'm doing. I'm gonna be resilient. I'm gonna be persistent. I'm gonna not take no for an answer. But See, I think, I think that's where on, Oh, go ahead. Sorry. No, no. I'm so sorry. No, go ahead bro. You got, you got blackballed from the industry, but then you capture the air of the streets, so Right. So when you capture the air of the streets, the noise from the public, it, it, it, it, It overrides. It Overrides it. And on top of that, not include of getting shot nine time surviving like it, It is, It is so many things that happen in that situation that play ance of All are based in persistence and resiliency. But That's what makes the, to me, the systemic stuff so important to acknowledge because part of It is there's roadblocks and then part of It is figuring out how to get around those roadblocks.


But part of It is if you've been come, if you come up in a system where you don't, you're not even given permission to think about those alternatives as real. That's what makes it difficult. Let just Use, that's one of the biggest things I, I'll use myself. Let learn. Yeah. I'll use myself example then. Like even at this stage in my career or earlier in my career, it was like, get a TV show, get a TV show, host a TV show, host a TV show. And it wasn't until I got lucky and got to a better agency, WME, that they were like, why the fuck do you keep trying to get hired as a TV host? Why don't you make a show? Like, why don't you create a show? But that wasn't something that I even knew was a possibility. So, but, but in that case, it wouldn't have been a lack of persistence. It wasn't like I was afraid to get a show or didn't, I didn't know that that was a thing. I didn't know it was a thing you could do. But other people are taught from day one go make your own shit.


True. You know what I mean? And then I, I meet people like Joe and stuff and it's like, oh wait, why the fuck do you need a tv? Fuck tv? Right? Like, but but all but there are people who are miles ahead of this. Yeah. Who I don't get to meet because I don't have access to that information. Sure. But I think that's life. Yeah. And, but I think it's designed and life for everybody. It is organized. It is organized that way. So some people do know that stuff and other people don't. Mark, would you say when you got black, because you being blackballed from television, right? Still am Would you say when you got black ball from tele, tele from television, that you had no other choice but to pursue other options? I already, I already had four or five other things going. Got it. I still sold books. I still spoke on the street. Yeah. But I, I still can't get on tv.


You know what I mean? That what said, I still, I still, there's a war in the Middle East and I'm one of the leading experts on this topic and I can't, I can't get on TV about It is Complete sidebar. I'm sorry. But I really actually wanted to, like, when we were talking about Oscars, you saw what the documentary was. Yeah. That won. So it was a Palestinian and an Israeli director Yeah. Director who kind of came together and they're winning the Oscar for this documentary. And you know why you all haven't seen it? 'cause it's not distributed anywhere. It's not on Apple tv. It's not on Amazon. It's not on Netflix. With all due respect. That's, that's important. I don't want to take away from where Mark was. He was going somewhere. He was going somewhere. Okay. Put a black wall.


Yeah. Put a pin in that. I'm Sorry. Yeah. But I had other ways to go because I was already far enough along. But if that had happened as if that was my entry point into this business, if that had happened in 2005, I wouldn't be doing anything. I wouldn't know. Me might not have recover. You might No, I'd be teaching public school. Which is which a great thing That depend on the person though, bro. Because sometimes people get that roadblock in front of 'em and say, yo, I'm determined I'm gonna make this regardless. All right, cool. Y'all not letting me get in over here. I'm gonna make y'all want me Over here something. This is the only thing I say in response. Yes, that's true. I just don't want, I think the, the danger of that approach is just that it means that anybody who doesn't get where 50 gets or anybody who doesn't get to this other place, we see it as a, a lack of determination or a failure to persist. And that's my only problem with that.


And we don't look to the system that makes that impossible for most people. 50 cent is a genius. Like Yeah. I don't look at every blind Southern Jim Crow Negro and be like, why don't you be Ray Charles? Right. Like, even if you're decent at the pen, like you have to be so extraordinary to get past some of this stuff. And I don't look at everybody who didn't like why the fuck can you, we just do it Rachel. It's almost, it, it's almost like the idea that the that's what I'm saying. If you don't reach the pinnacle of a, of success as a black person, then you failed. Right. Like that's all we have. It's either or. And it's like I I agree with you. Make 'cause you Have to be such a giant, it's danger, Danger, sentiment to clear it. Yeah. Right. Press perseverance comes with like, no, and it's gonna sound crazy. You, you end up draining yourself out in the long run. Right.


So while we are talking about this and it's good to be, you know, to go out and get it. 'cause I agree with Ish, no one can stop anything. I'm gonna go get it. But when you sit down with yourself, you have to analyze that it's, It is causing a wear and tear on you mentally. Absolutely. And physically, emotionally. Absolutely. Emotionally. Now you're trying to question things. Why is it like that? What did I do wrong? What can I do better? So yeah, it's good to persevere but sometimes you have to take a chance and, and, and that's it. And I leave it at that for me. Oh, don't end it when I'm about to pull up a song the clown did. Nah, you can't do that. I'm about to say, I tell y'all kept going being motivational. I was gonna pull up a song. Can't do that. That was fire though. I got I appreciate that. We appreciate teamwork.


Absolutely fire. You good? You cold? You all right? Yes. I'm, I'm cold. The air in here, they be doing some weird shit. Where they put It on? It was at 68, 5 minutes ago. Yeah. Blood are flowing slow when you get old. Right. I don motherfucker, you telling me you older than Me. You need to keep that elevated. I do. Okay. Somebody get him a fucking footstool up. Ain't no coming. I know you, I'm not even playing with Mel like that no more. Nah, I don't play but I'm not playing with Mel like that no more. I don and you get a salute. You get a salute from me. Thank you. Me too. Like that. What the dedication and shit that you put into your health and your body. I ain't, I ain't trouble.


No, that shit is different. Thank you. I ain't gonna joke with you. Appreciate that. Look, you know Corey, you should do it for different reasons. Nah, you know Corey be on his bullshit muscles. Yeah he do. That nigga was out there. The cardio's different cardio ain't I ain't over there Mr. Squat. Go ahead over there nigga. I was trying to pull Corey up and feel some body. That nigga, that nigga wouldn't. Lemme feel it. Pause, look. Nigga kept backing up, trying to pull a chair from under me. Get over here nigga. You know I need to feel some body. Get your little athletic ass over here. Yo. You a fool. Wait, what did you say? Ice looks disgusting. Feel some body on the post. The ball. You need body on the post. On the post. Oh man. I'm know where I'm going if I don't feel your body.


That's why Imani was trying to kill you. Nigga Imani tried to injure me for good. I don't know what I did to him. I thought that was used. I thought that one of my better mans but ego, he just knows that you're, you're an aggressive basketball player. And then so he is trying to meet your aggress because yo, you really, yo Imani called the offensive foul. He did on screen off ball. And I, and I rode with him too. I was like yep. Well he that I knew you was on off the front. He was fronting me. He was front, he was fronting me. They threw it over the top. I caught, he called, he caught off album on the front. Yo. I never seen such a bitch and kick a basket. What a bitch and pick up ball. Yo. My man got the tattoo of the, of the mic on of his name. Yeah. No he got his whole about that.


He got a whole those type of mic. What was that again? He took s Armani played like a Puerto Rican, the Puerto Ricans that got all the energy and want to come out and run around and hit you and fucking do all that. The money was wilding bro. Yeah. You not invited next time. I ain't gonna lie. He, he, he, he just, yeah, he did good though. Spanish nigga. He a Spanish nigga. The burpees all day. And then my guy Dee did, came over to me in the second game, whispered to me, Syd, yo we need you don't stick him. He's just running around. Save your energy. I said oh that's a good idea. That took Corey. Corey wasn't doing shit. That's why I got Corey the first game. Mark, mark running get mark sticks. Corey the first game so they could double.


Yeah, that's why I was, and I'm like, Corey cut to the basket. I was like Cory's, I ain't going nowhere here. Cory right on the three point line. Like then when I was thinking then when I was sticking Parks, I was in a good mood 'cause we both smokers. It's like all right and then Parks got hurt. It's like, oh now for the young boys, clay Thompson 22-year-old came in 24. 24. The young boy with Jay like water six three from the Indian reservation. Yeah. Good hair. Fuck him. Stocky nigga fuck outta heres. I was like, I'm just gonna keep Foing. Was he? No he was with Ericson. Ericsson band. Shout to, I was watching him in the pregame. He make, he was doing drills and shit. Right. I said, oh you played Juco nigga Ericson other man.


Six, seven jumps Julian. Yeah, Julian. Julian. Yeah. I played. Oh he bought Ringers? Yeah. Yeah. I played NAI, you know next time we do this, the people I invite to be subs are gonna be like people that play basketball. Yeah. Right. Not us. Who had no business out there? Oh no, I don't think, I think we gotta have non-athletic gray hairs. You gotta be all the exclusively Right. You can make a thing outta that. No, we just gotta do it. Like we told Buck, yo, we not doing that. And Buck And Buck was holding. He was holding, He was holding back for sure. All He shot a couple jumpers but, and them shit's hitting net. So We had Point Game, we, I'm out there dying Buck grab a rebound right under the rim. Don't put it up. I said Buck End this fucking game.


Buck End this game. Yo. Enough of that being modest shit. Just put it in Dog Point Game took 30 minutes. It did. Point Game took Bad long. It probably was realistically only six minutes, but it felt like 30 minutes. It was a long ass Time. It was 11 five for like, oh man, The things that they're gonna say about us when, when this is published. Oh they gonna Kill us. Oh my God. They Gonna kill us. It's gonna be Hilarious. See, you know what? They gonna kill me and Mark probably the most. Oh please. Me too. I shirt because I told the most shit you was scoring. I was pregnant. You was, but you were scoring. I was pregnant out there. You scored all the points Don't matter. Nah, it matters. Look at me. How did, how I need to know how how you did because You was talking a lot Of shit. Actually I wasn't talking a lot of shit, but I was responding to you. The reason this It is happened. No, no that's not what happened.


But I let that go. It started with me and Ish saying something and he said, y'all two can't play no ball, let's go play ball. That's how it started. Right. But you was talking a lot of shit about you. You were talking a lot of shit. Lot shit. I just, I didn't start this shit. But It's fine. Yeah. I think that Joe, you could make this a thing, yo. No, honestly I wish, I really wish came like it. It, it was DI would've really been ready to go out there in two weeks. Yeah. I mean I would play against, I'm, I'm ready. I just need Summer breaks. What I did think about was bringing back the kickball tournaments. Yes Me Do. Back in the day, during the summer, I used to wake up at like eight and tweet a park yo, meet here at noon kickball and all the fans would come.


Shit Was lit. That sound ain fun. Shit was lit. Kickball is fun. Kickball is The shit. Hurt yourself playing that now too. You don't have, Definitely don't have kickball. You don't have to beat Kobe Bryant in the kickball. Like you could play at your physicality. My man was training for the marathon. He tore his calf playing fucking, it was either baseball or kickball, softball. One of them shit hit the, hit the base running. But the kickball was only lit when the yins showed up. Hey, hey, hey Yo can you, I'm lying Dumb first kickball games. That's not true. That's not true. You wasn't around for the first one. Them first kickball games. Kickball is fun. Whether the yins or the non yins show up.


Actually my favorite kickball is one of, when one of them fucking six four fucking, I forgot what he was. Niggas would show up and we would pick him on our team. It's like I was looking for him. Every kickball match. Like nigga come outside Dodge Ball means what? Ryan Grant beaming niggas in the head with The Yeah, exactly. Real Athletes. That shit was fun. Yeah. You ever just sit home and think that your days is like meeting women is over? Yes. Long gone. Every day. I just scroll Instagram. That's it. I like looking at 'em though. That's I'm addicted at. See I don see I don't, I don't Even do that no more. I don't do that. No, no. I, I'm done with Instagram. They all liars. I don't care. They all liar. Liar. I don, I'm not trying to talk to you. I'm not getting, yeah, I'm care. I'm just looking. I think means the picture is a lie.


I don't care. I don't care. Hey, she a liar in the club too. Good point. I'm a liar in the club And I don't care. Long as them heels don't, You know what I mean. Toes don't come over the hill. I'm good. That's my turn off. Damn bitch you bear with the blue ass shoes on. Yeah, I come off my feet. I don't like that either. This should be sliding. I don't like that. Fuck off my feet. Just fuck the whole picture up. Dumb ass. You right. This nigga really will zoom in on the feet on anything bad as Hell. Here you go. I do that too though. I do the zoom in. You a feet guy. Yeah. Yeah. This important what? It's important. I don't Even, even knowing they happy feet. Yo. You know what I was Laughing at? I have a memory of all women feet. With respect.


With respect. I was telling my girl, I said, yo man, nah, that met Mark wife. I'm gonna as that nigga to do power watch. Like she's a professor. Mad, smart, mad cool, mad funny, sense of humor. Fucking got along with everybody. I was like, yo, I don't know why. We always make it seem like our girl at home is the ball in chain. Even though they be, they be cool. I never said you was. This was y'all, Y'all we get around all niggas say without saying no. You said y'all say that shit. No, you said shit dog. You said niggas girls is cool.


We talk like we gotta get the fuck away from them. We do. Why do we do that? That's part of that ego. Just, no, I don Pride painting a picture thing. Something. It's something is there. Yo niggas definitely do it though. I think he, mark took a break to go. His wife. He said he had an eye injury. Yeah, he did. Mark ran to the side and got some sugar. No, that nigga Said it made it feel better. Something In my eye. I went there. I said yeah, nigga old age It is. Right. I had a few fake injuries to get. Catch my breath shit. Don't say nothing. Yo. This couch feel like heaven. No, Nigga, I tried, I tried to guard a Monte full court. I yeah, that nigga looked like a jumping bean.


But Y'all playing a full court. No, I, I'm saying I picked like no, no, no. I picked him up. Mark got an ego. Mark got An ego and Mark is My chief. That's what started this. Listen, I'm telling you, He called himself when the touch ball picking Imani up 94 feet up there by the half court line. Yo. The very next play he was was done. He was finished. That was all the rest of the day. Yo, you was finished. I was done for the next five Done. So I was Hollering like, yo, that's All I had. I was like, then you start thinking like, shit in my twenties I can do this every possession. Now I can't do that shit. I can do that one once a day. It's over. Have I do have a bit of bad news to report.


They're reporting that Rafael Sade's brother Dwayne Wiggins. Oh Of Tony. Tony. Tony. Tony. Tony. Tony is receiving hospice. Y'all know Dwayne? Dwayne? Yeah. Yeah. Don't know Dwayne. None of them name was Tony. Right. That was one of the funny things with the group. Right. God. Oh my Shit. This is the, this is the other age shit man. We was young. Our favorites got like killed in gunfire and random shit. Now they die from like health shit. Yeah Bro. We old up There. Damn. Send strength to them to to to Raphaels the deacon. The rest of them. Indeed. Yeah. Boy. Heck I was had in bed last night crisscross Apple talking my, I can't believe I'm gonna die one day.


I'm still not over the concept bro. I just don't want it to hurt. He's right. Nah. You know what I mean? I just don't want it to hurt. Know what I be looking at. I say the same shit my daughter, when I be looking at my daughter, I'd be like damn, it's gotta live. Yeah. I got, it's a, It is a point where I could possibly not be here. I was about say I think The opposite me Up and you got young kids. Yeah. I think Too the kids make you think you gotta live or that you gotta die. Live, live, live. Especially what I, what I saw like with my uncle that passed Interesting when his daughter was 10 months old and he dies. Yeah. Why you think that? Because that's what it means. Cycle of life Tension. It don't mean you gotta live. No, it means you gotta die. No, no, no. Say that. An constant reminder. It means I have to live For focus on your health.


I Have to, I gotta let my daughters know what these niggas Be doing. Unnecessary stress. If I shoot the club up tomorrow and have a beautiful, beautiful child tomorrow at 44 probability says I may not See that child hit 35. Yeah, that's true. I'm not stressing myself with, so now damn, I won't see my child. 30. 30. No, you missing that now. Cool. At 35 You No, I think what you're saying is you wanna be here for as long as you can with your kids. No. And you wanna maximize that time that you are here with though. That's what I just said. But if you got, look, but look, if I got 35 years out here, oh, Quality of life you talking about? Yes. Yes, yes, yes. If I got 35 years out to live now for Yeah. Got it. I understand what you're saying. And, And not, not for nothing. This only been three days.


It, it, it resonated. What has only been the They can't The no, the injury. I'm saying the injury has only been three days. So dog, every morning we got like a routine. So my girl wakes up earlier than me. My girl goes downstairs take a shower. You mu you let your girl wake up before you Go to bed at like two, three o'clock every day you're getting a bed. But anyway. Right. So you go to bed at nine o'clock. I'm doing paperwork at nine o'clock anyway. Yo, listen, let me finish my story. So my girl wakes up. She goes, cooks lunch, my job is to bring my daughter downstairs, start getting a dress. My foot is fucked up. So I couldn't, you know what I'm saying? I couldn't do that. So it was like damn small shit like that that you might take for granted. Now I can't do it. So now me getting injured puts more stress on my girl to have to do all of that shit for my daughter.


And I was like, damn, I, I apologized like 50 times. Yeah. Yo, my bad. I'm sorry you thinking I'm fucking superman bed off My injury. I'm tight. I said I got some breakfast and bed off my injury. I was hype. So Nah, like small shit like that. Yo you just like, yo, you got, you gotta kind of be here for your, your kid. 35. If I get 35, I've given you enough game. I don know you. That's how I feel about my older kids. If my daughter get to 35, both of them, I've given them enough game that I could possibly give them. Atlantic City trip is not worth no coochie. I don't know what that means. It's a joke. You Ain't never seen the meme? No. And they be like, yo, I'm taking my kids around the world.


I understand a little dusty ass sun. Can't take her to Atlantic City and get no g You never seen, I Mean I just shut up when you girl, theres get to talking. Oh. I mean, sometimes when I, when I, when I lay down, I think I'm like, damn one. Damn you shit. No, because I never no, no comment. I think I we don't never Hear that side of the girl that night. That's true. Nah, it ain't worth it. Girl. Don't go. I be thinking that one day I'm not gonna be here. You hear the other side. It is, It is because come On. For all the bitches y'all slid for the lies that you've told for the tricks, the maneuvers. Late night runs. Ask me how many of 'em dad was there for. Ooh, Did I, I didn't.


I Said, you asking me how many of 'em dad was there for? No, I didn't ask you that at all. Oh, okay. I just say when you take it all into account. So you trying to say it's gonna happen back to our children. Well, all up for all of the tricks you've, you've done and at this present point in time and with the universe and the planets aligned, y'all doing great. Like y'all don't think God is spinning at no time? No. Got it. Nope. I don't think like that. I don even know what you talking. You talking about karma. Karma. Yeah. Fuck outta here nigga. Nobody. We going try best. So lemme ask you a question. Gonna try best to prevent. So you think that our daughter's gonna be a Harris?


Fuck that. He Gonna laugh loud. Let him Let him do it. Laugh loud. Yeah. Go play something. That's right. The th It is the thug. Yo. Why would you think niggas and the future Thugs chill out? Why would you think niggas Got my kids at B?


Oh My god. Nobody wants their daughter to deal with a nigga. Like, like I wouldn't want my daughter to deal with a nigga like me. I try to prevent her from dealing with a nigga like me. How y gonna do that? That is a revelation. That's, I don't want to do that. I want because she Deserves better. How you gonna Well I'm, I'm a better father but 'cause you know we do go for men that remind us of our Fathers. Yeah. I don't want that. I don't want that. She not Going, his daughter don't See that side of him. She don't See that, See That? So I tried to avoid who Knows what she's seen. Well She don't See that side of him. I don't know. She knows What she's seen. You'd be surprised the shit that kids See that you think you kept from Them. Cool. But I put, I put the best face on for my children. Right. I believe You. Right. And I'm very upfront and I'm communicative. Yo. I was doing this shit at your age.


Yo. Watch the boys that's trying to even ask you for anything. Watch them niggas. 'cause this is what I was doing. I'm very straight up with her and I let her know. 'cause if, if you participate in that, first of all it's gonna make you look crazy. It's gonna break my heart. Two things I try to do manipulative taxes. You get the Guilt you have to. I definitely tell my Daughter, yo, yo nigga I was getting nigga I made a page on MySpace called Pops on blast. Nigga that shit was all on like the shit I was doing. You was wild. Okay, I got you. Yeah, I was wilding. I don't want that shit my daughter to go through that play fucking music nigga. You but you have your daughter. I'm gonna fuck you up. Wait till you have your daughter. You have twin girls. Nigga shout twin Indian daughters nigga. My papas told me not to Fuck that guy.


He, I still rules that I should have gone. He watch, watch, watch. But I met that nigga in that car and he sold drugs. He be, He gonna be 54. I grew up with all the love from dad but I left with this dude who was in his bag and Papa tried to help but I sucked his dick. Then I went on You can take him to day flip, you can take him to day flip. That was really good on the fly. That freestyle though. That was solid. That's some solid freestyling right there you Nigga.


And he's so ain Fuck talking about, he ain't talking about, I dunno what the fuck he talking about. He get the fuck outta here with that. He ain't talking about my daughter. He is not talking about this one. Sora. He Said whatever the fuck he want me at least let the Hook get to it. You gotta stop. But now for real. What y'all think this Song's about? I don't know. I never heard it before. Kid. Bro. Please. Hey, What'd you say to him? Mad Dog. What'd you say to dad? I made up my Ah, I'm Keeping my baby. She keeping that shit. She Keeping my baby dead ass man. She keeping, I fucking love this song. His great song. That's a slap.


You joining this nigga's slap. That's Classic. You know me in the eighties music as soon as it plays come on now. Some white eighties music. I can't help Myself. I'm I'm going to be the adult in the room for a minute and say that we have created some tension in the room. How y'all seem bothered by this? I don't give, I'm ignoring that shit. Paying me no Music. Irritated He Texas daughter and shit. He ain't paying me no money. I'm not paying that nigga no mind. Okay then We good. Alright. Yeah, we are great. I Promise. I know you looked irritated. I am. Listen, Because he be around my kids. He be around them. They come up in no the they look at him. That Shit don't stop with girls. It don't, Family issues don't stop with girls clean it up. Yeah, no I'm telling you like That shit don't Matter.


But you know what It is. A lot of times dudes be more hype about like, no dude I that I know is that upset about their their their son getting in some wild shit. Crazy. The way they crazy. It depend on wild shit. Got levels. That's true. That's true. Wild shit got levels. But like nobody's like, oh my son's 15 eating pussy. Right. Your son. No, I'm just saying a lot of people don't talk. I'm not saying they right or wrong, son. 15 come home sucking dick then What? I mean it wouldn't bother me. Fathers do You always make it gay? We don't care. Right. He's if he's gay, he's gay. We don't Care. You ain't trying to make us trans. I mean I'm not trans, it's not about Homo homophobic. Yeah. But nobody wants to think about their daughter being out there at 16, 17, 15 doing anything nigga.


So don't think about that. No, but when you fucking highlight and play music and look at me in my eyes like I think it was, I think it was the freestyle. Yeah it was, it was the pop freestyle like that. You so drunk. You I'm joke the shit that you do this, you sell ass for this, for this, for this shit, this for for your joint. The shit you do on this camera, I'm gonna get you. I think it was the sucking his dick. Why? With the feathers, I Mean entertaining. But in all reality we know he don't feel this way in reality, but it's Just No, he might, he might also don't Think so. I don talking about Madonna telling her dad that I don't think so. She wants to keep the baby. It's being reported. And I say that loosely say cheese is reporting. Oh, Anthony Edwards I believe say cheese Don't be wrong a lot.


He one of the ones I be believing. Anthony Edwards allegedly filed a motion claiming that he does not want visitation or custody of his four month old daughter with Aisha Howard. That's Rough. Where does everybody stand? I a lot of niggas feel that way. It just takes a special kind of person to write that shit on paper. Especially when the whole world gonna see it because your kid is gonna See that later too. That you didn't want that. Just do a old school and don't show up. Just, just do it like everybody else. Old man did just, I'll be there in 15. I think he just got some growing up to do And he's gonna change his mind later. I That's dismissive. Okay. Now I'm not saying it's not true, but it's dismissive of the, let's pretend that we talking about a man that's older than him that's that's vocalizing his non parental rights.


That's saying I'm signing over all parental rights to you. I told you I want nothing to do with it. I really don't want anything to do with the child or you, I'm signing over my rights. Like I think it's fucked up. I don't want, I don't wanna say that the person that feels that way has to grow up because it'd be mature men that feel like, I don't think, I don't think that's mature men that's saying that. That's, I don't care what age you are. I think if you, I mean listen, we know how we ain't stupid. We know how babies is made and you put yourself into that. Now you have to deal with that. And if you choose to just walk away, I think that's some immature coward shit. That's my take. Nobody has to agree with that. But I feel differently about parenting. I I think it's bigger than you and, and you made this child, you don't just get to walk away.


Your, the moms ain't just, she's stuck. She got, she can't just say nevermind. I'm cool. Yeah, She could right now. No, the child ain't the child here. I thought she four months, four months old. Four months old. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm thinking four months pregnant. Forgive me. Yeah, no, four months old. Got you. Yeah, she, I mean she had a moment to make that choice. Right. Yeah. She could Still make that choice. Yeah. Even with The child here, she Can make that choice adoption foster, I got you. That's that's y'all. Y'all can No, no, I agree with you that I think It is, it's cowardly. I don't, I don't like the idea of abandoning your kids. I think no matter what the situation is, you gotta be there once the kid is here. You just gotta make that choice. But I agree with you that I don't think it's necessarily immaturity per se. I think just some people are fucked up. Yeah. Some people Just feel that Way. Yeah. And they just fucked up people, You know what I mean? You could, You know what I mean?


Yeah. I don't know. I couldn't anybody Else. My stance is same as ice and last time we talked about this, this was my stance as well. Like we brought up the whole topic of her keeping it knowing he has a track record. He has a track record of doing this. So I don't know. I feel like there was many conversations that should have taken place before this even happens to avoid this shit. Or if she was just looking for a lick, you hit the lick, cool. You are gonna get the money from it. That's all. If that's all you wanted. That's true. It's a win-win. He don't want nothing to do with you or the child.


He just wanna be there financially. You might not just want this nigga, you just want the money now. I don't know. You Text me though. If in month nine he look like me, text me, shoot me a text, I might change my mind. Pop Up over we got hops. I want you to sign off. Hey, Hey text me if that motherfucker started playing a drummer earlier than he is supposed to. I want you sign up paperwork. No, nah I can still come back, develop a relationship. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I can still come back. Lemme know if you jump up that C if He jumping out the walker. If he jumping out the walker. Lemme know if he's Picasso with the crayon. I am gonna come around here, here if he three feet at 18 months, holler at.


Yeah man, he yeah I ain't gonna front, I be thinking about who's up with the dad that wasn't there Will LeBron down at look that he gotta be the sick one. He's some mad as shit. That nigga is sick somewhere Because it don't take much to be a black day. If he had just show up to like one skate party, Shaq dad, like some of y'all kids, he is gonna grow up and dominate. Yo, that's about to sound fucked up. Some of 'em might not make it to that if dad was there. Some of 'em, I'm just saying some of them you hear them talk, they use that shit as like fuel. So some of them niggas might not have became that if dad was there. Yeah, Shaq would've been just fine If the son or the child that I didn't want turn into fucking Serena Williams, guess who come be at the US Open.


Yo, you got them tickets for and I need a plus one yo two tickets and I gotta make up a lie for what I've been doing for 25 years. I gotta woo busy, busy. No, what they do? Nah, I gotta make something up bad. That's when they blame Moms. They blame the moms. Yo, that's, listen how they do be the mom since I do be the Mom. They do be the mom. But if you're trying to reinsert yourself into the kid's life, you can't blame it on mom. The kid loves mom. You gotta, you gotta own it yourself. Yeah. I was in jail Damn traffic. Shit. The hold the whole whole man. I've been trying to drive too. You now 13 years license is fucked up man. I just got right yo and LeBron are just like his pops too. I just Googled it. Nigga. If LeBron is my bad kid, Just like his father, yo, I'm back buddy.


Anthony McLean, I'm back And he played basketball too. Nigga pops. Look, I changed my name to James just going, this'll be Anthony James. Yeah. Oh, I'm talking about LeBron and shit. If it was Byron Russell, shit, I'd have been back. Right. Don't take much. It wouldn't take much for me to come back. The make a whole Father name on LeBron. My fault. My fault. I can't believe Zoe. Zoe's husband. Fuck it. She's a, he's a fucking what a mu. Lemme see what else, what else, what else you think that's Motherish? I think that's Monish. Why would you do that? I just understand why somebody would do that. He Hyphenated his name, No hyphenated. I can understand. Did he hyphen it? Did he just take her name? Yes. No, he hyphenated. Iten. Oh, hyphenated. I respect. I'm fine with hyphenating. You Still A pussy? I wouldn't do it, but I respect It. He's still a pussy. I don't See that. What's wrong with hyphenating Be a man.


Well, The Hyphen part, his name is before So it ends in S Donna. Yeah. I could live with that too. Like I, I think Hyphenating, my personal belief is you just keep your name. I don't own you. You know what I mean? My wife has her name. I got my name. I'm good with that. But if we, but I know people who say as a family, we wanna be able to walk in for women a lot of times. Well your Wife didn't take your name. No, I don't want, I didn't want her to. She neither of us wanted to. Same with mine. Yeah, same. Right. Yeah. And, and also, you know, and then there's the Latin American thing where, you know, you have different names and like naming is different, you know, but no, I don't know. Yeah, it's like, so sometimes like a lot of times kids will take, kids will take like both names of the parents, You know what I mean?


And then, and then as you, as you go down the line, then one name gets knocked off and the next name comes on. So that's a way of acknowledging both parents. So it's not this thing where just like the dad's name takes over everybody's identity. So then What do you do with, what do you do with your male dominance there now? How you feeling about Well he doesn't, he Doesn't save. I save with fight financial abuse sex. Except for after the game the other day. Your son got your last Name off. He hyphenated. We got both of them names his, both of our names and my daughters have same thing. We all, they all hyphenated with their mouth. Gotcha. And I'm good with that, You know what I mean? Like I don't need that. But I know people who say like as a family unit, we all want to have the same last name. Yeah. And I'm okay with that. No HOV hyphenated. Right? I thought that I was gonna bring that up.


I wasn't sure If that's, that's not HOV ho. Wait, so he's, he's he's Carter nose Know Carter, both of them Watch. She doesn't think that's dope. Watch your fucking mouth talking about ho like that you crazy. He Don't be disrespectful like that. Lemme See that shit. You think that Jay-Z is Sean? Sean Carter Knowles Sean. Sean knows Carter Carter. And if so, shout out to him. I think that's dope. Well It is. I think hyphen It is. Mel, would you want your husband to hy Trick? Y'all trying to trick me in the saying something. You see me over here? Well, I hands folded. What is the issue? They're trying to trick us. The I'm about to start twiddling my thumbs. Yeah. No. Got, I wanna hear Your, I wanna hear your stance Mel. Let them get day one V one.


Your question. I would definitely keep my name because my name is my name. It's my stage name. It's my real name. So I would keep No, it could still be your stage name. Yeah. Nah, No. His last name Jay-Z's last name is not hyphenated. Okay. I'm cool with the, I'm, I'm cool with the Hyphenation. But my name would be on the end of the hyphenate and Zoe Sal, Donna's husband doesn't believe in, You said your name would be on the end of the hyphen. Yes. If you got married. Yes. Oh, you don't wanna get married. Hold on, hold that thought. Because Zoe Seldon's husband does not believe in typical gender wars. He stays home and raises their kids because of her, the success of her career.


This is just the role that he Just we of Ana. So The more successful one determines how this last name thing is going. Not necessarily For, for me it's about just what flows better, You know what I mean? And things like that. Like if you name a chesky, another one is Smith. Like Zy Smith might just flow better than, you know what I'm saying? Like that was, that's how I would think about it. To me it's not who got more money or who's more dominant. It's just what was Gonna flow. I think my girl did mention something about trying to preserve her dad's legacy and then I had to have the un uncomfortable talk man. Yeah. I'm daddy like Fuck That is like literally Patriarch Bobs up in heaven. Yeah.


With all due respect, boy, you, you birthed a good one in. But Gimme that legacy. Daddy Got it. Daddy. Daddy got it now. Yo. Scrap Daddy. Daddy got it from here. I Got it from here. No daddy got it Now Mel Ford ain't gonna be on the end or nothing. Daddy. Ford's gonna be crashing on the highway somewhere. Four. If you don't get that four shit outta here. Are you crazy? Lemme see. We bro, and Mel, would you feel okay with your Oh this is Zoe Shit. Yeah, I tried telling y'all What Zoe's the most. She might be the Most successful female actor. She Up there with Julia Robertson. She's big. Yeah, She's, she is an avatar. Avatar C Yeah, she's, She's the fucking action hero. She's like literally Sigourney Weaver passed the fucking baton to her Dominant.


She's big Mel. You said what? Huh? She dominant in a relationship. So says Mel. So are you okay with dude taking your name or would it be y'all? Y'all say separate? Like is he might be be Smith It would definitely, it would definitely be a conversation. It would definitely be a conversation because I feel like the type of man that I would end up wouldn't just, he ain't gonna be in beta. He gonna wanna have a conversation about this. Gotcha. You know? Do You think it's possible be an alpha man? You take your name, you like alpha men? Nope. Yes. You like Alpha men. You can't walk, you can't get up. Alright. The conversation gonna be over you off if you say your thought. Yes, you, yes you do. Come on man. I Don't have a thought.


This Is a broadcast. Alpha, alpha, alpha, alpha, alpha cat. This Is Ish niggas such bullshit. Let's go Ish. Down, Down. So you want these men to be traditional men when it's convenient. Traditional women took the last name of their husbands. Talk About it, nigga. You Are honoring your husband, massaging you, not honoring your father. Who says that though? Me. Him and tradition. Yeah. So tradition and tradition. Me too, nigga. So we, but Patriarchy is tradit. Keep speaking, finish. So now you saying that the patriarchy don't exist when the lady again is the CEO of Xerox. When the lady is Xerox, then the patriarch your feet up like that. Yeah. Look at me. You get what I'm saying? Like, come on the fuck outta here my nigga.


Like, y'all be men or y'all don't. She Got the mors On the men. Don't Motherfucker Come and go with the lady's convenience. But It is, It is it possible to think about things saying, I like tradition, but say some traditions just aren't good anymore. Yeah. When they're convenient for your specific pick And choose and pick. Why does everybody say pick you? You're supposed to pick and choose. I'm Not just Grant, but if you live your life like that, then that's fine. I'm totally with that. Yeah. I am totally with homeboy sitting at home raising those kids and I don't look at him like less of a man at all. Right. If my wife is out here doing 20 million per film, then nigga I'm gonna sit home how you like your eggs, honey. Right? True. Totally. I Don't have a problem with that at all. And that don't take away from my masculinity and I still run my household. Mm.


I've dated women that had way more money than me and I still was the man in that particular Relationship. Low try, nigga. What We do today in society is we, we attach dominance to the, to the finance. Yeah. And, and that's fucked up. So now when the man makes more money, people shun. Oh yo, he treating her like shit. Yo, he treating her like she's subservient. But then when the nigga makes less money, then he automatically becomes subservient and that's accepted. Ooh. So we can't have it both ways. It's bullshit. Right? If it's based on morality and it's based on a stance, let's keep that stance across the board, regardless of who Brings more money. Let's go big Ish. I hear that. I, I guess I, for me, did I say mark smoke, mail, smoke, smoking, Smoking, Smoking on that Ford pack pack.


You talking about Harrison Ford? Listen, not this Ford. The reality of my particular lived experience is that I have bucked tradition. I have lived my life in a way that I have bucked tradition. So I think that I have the bandwidth to yes, pick and choose what I feel like is acceptable to me in terms of what is considered tradition and what is fucking antiquated and rooted in fucking patriarch. Here's anti, here's the thing that I think Isha is right about. I think that women, I can't speak for you personally, but there are women who will say that they don't want tradition in traditional gender roles, but there are moments where they want what they call a benevolent patriarchy. Let's go like, you still want the door held for you. Let's go. No, you still lemme finish.


I'm, I'm not speaking for you on favor. Wait, Wait, Wait. Hold on one second. Here. We a mark. Is that just not manners or being or, or chivalry Tradition. Wait, what, what's the difference? What's the difference between like what is the difference? That's just manners. That's just fucking good manners. No, hold On, hold on, hold on. Manners. Why wouldn't manners also include you holding a door for me? I can, I can and I would, right? But Down, if you and I like Finish lot, but a lot of times, a lot of times there's men who will not let you touch a fucking door. Right? And that's them. That is on them. That is the role that they Want to play. I don't, I don't disagree with you, but let's say hypothetically, I wasn't married and you and I went on a date. Actually, lemme not use me. Let's say you and gentlemen don't Use me. Don't use you.


No. You, you, you, we grown man use You. Okay? So hypothetically you and I go on a date. I suspect that if I didn't open the doors for you, you'll judge me. At the end of the day, you said and, and, and I just let the door close. Or if I didn't pick up the check you cooking right? That, that there would be a thing of yo what kind of dude, what butter In the pan Because there's an expectation of what I'm supposed to do. And so fire or hot too. So what I No, I mean, I mean we just talking. So, but, but when I, so y'all clear out. So, so when I hear you say chivalry, even chivalry is an are are expectations of what manners look like that are gendered because chivalry is me opening the door for you. It's not you opening the door for me. Okay. So I think sometimes when we say we are traditional or we non-traditional to S point, we are picking and choosing.


I'm okay with picking and choosing. Yes. Yes. But I think we have to sometimes be more self-aware about how invested in some of those patriarchal traditions we are, especially when they benefit us. Mark, I fuck with Mark. Let respond. Yo, when Mark let respond. No. Let us tell jokes. Don't respond. Mark Marcus for the men. That's my favorite nigga. Oh yeah. He don't, he don't play with he for the men. All right, go ahead man. Let's Sister Mary Clarence respond. Let's get it. I think that with the ex with the example of opening doors, if somebody walks through a door and lets it fucking slam in your face, It is fucking rude. Regardless of gender facts, regardless of gender. True. That's number one. Number two, I have found myself in southern states and I try, I try the open door, open door for myself and they will not let me because that's their custom.


That is just how they believe. That is how they are raised. And they say you northern girls are like that. You always wanna do shit on your fucking own. And I'm like, maybe that is in fact true because we're so fucking used to it. So It is not, it's not something that I would go back and report to my friends, oh, this motherfucker didn't open the door for me because I wouldn't even be literally thinking about it. So first date, you have no expectation of him paying the bill. Honestly, honestly, If he's asked me to go out with you, Mel, come on. Don't waste the time with lies. Mel's Lying. No, I, because there was a date. No, take a date. No, no. Attacking her. Stop, stop. Flip, stop. There's A date that Mel went on that she came up here and told us she didn't go on a second date because the man didn't do something that he was supposed to do. What was it Traditionally?


What was it? I forgot. Exactly. Okay. So anyways, your argument sucks. Remember? We Remember, but let him finish. Nigga. If you have asked me out on a date, if this is not just us getting together and this was not planned or whatever the case is and we don't have anything romantic going on, then I'm pulling out my credit card at the end of the fucking date and I'm offering to pay fucking half. I do not walk around with the assumption that the man is going to pay just because I'm here. If you have asked me out on a date, yes, I absolutely believe you should pay for it. And if you're dating somebody, say you go on five dates, 10 dates. There's Gonna be times where I get the bill. Okay. That's just, and and if that, is that a progressive way of thinking or is that a traditional way of thinking? I'm asking every listen. And so that's the tradition that I don't believe in.


Mm. That's the tradition that I think can be moved forward in a progressive manner. Interesting. Okay. Now y'all know I support lying in podcasts. You do. You encourage it. So I'm Yeah, I encourage you. I'm, Hold on. Maybe I need to make something clear. That is, if I'm in a relationship, What Is then that the Last, the last statement that I made with Mark. That's, that's the, that's what I was saying in a relationship. Why, why? Fuck. Oh, why would that matter if you're in a relationship? I don know. Why would that matter if you're in a relationship Or not? She blew it. He got her, you blew it. She blew it. Her got Her back into the debate. Why, why would it matter?


Doesn't matter Y'all this that's no that, if that proves market's point, why That proves the point? Because you are now, if you're not in a relationship and you are expecting this man to do certain things predicated on his gender According you, Then it, then it diffuses the whole point that there's a expectation. Yeah. Based on gender for or Not according You, for men to do x Like me and you have always been platonic. We've been out a million times. You've never reached for the check once. I mean, What, what? Nothing. She pointed at him Nothing. I don't know. No, no, no. I She would at both of us. I I just didn't get The joke. Nothing, nothing. Nothing. Nevermind. No, But oh, you said No, no, no. That's, that's, that's a whole other ball of wax though.


I don think I understand Joe's point. And Joe's point is if we friends and we cool. And you saying if we go out to eat, then there are times that you reach for your wallet. Why didn't you reach for your wallet when we went out? Is that what you're saying? Yeah. Like when, when I do it, that is the patriarchal scale and the gender and the expectations. That's what that is. I I don't mind it. I'm not throwing it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's beef as a man, that's what we should do, Period. That's me. So, but that is what they're saying. Yeah. And you're down with that is all we be saying. Olive branch white flag. I don't got it anymore. Yeah. And it's not, it's not a beef thing. 'cause it's not a bad thing because I think men also have that, like it's progressive as I am.


There's certain things that I don't let women do. True. Thousand percent because, and it's patriarchy, right? Percent. You know what I mean? Like I'm, some of it's patriarchy, some of it's expectation. Like I know that if I take a woman on a date, no matter how progressive she knows I am when I was dating, if I don't pay the bill, she's not gonna say, oh that nigga's so progressive. He thinks we have gender equality. He can be like that nigga cheap. She gonna be like that nigga cheap. You know what I mean? So some of It is just how to work's expected It is just how the world works. And so some of it we play into And, and also it's like there's way too many nuances, which is why I am saying all of Branch white flag because there's way too many nuances involved in the conversation. Because the fact of the matter is, is that the longer that you start to see somebody in the courtship progresses and you know, closeness, the closeness starts to develop and stuff like that, then a synergy starts to happen.


Like there's a lot of things are developing where understanding starts to come into play. You know what I'm saying? No, that's True. That's true. In every situation is different. I'm just saying that I think a lot of times we fall into these traditional roles even when we think we don't. And, and we, and we don't. We just don't see it. And, and it's easier even for me to, like, for example, like I don't want to cook so it's easy for me to fall into or better because my wife doesn't, neither of us really cook. Right? But like washing clothes, I don't wanna wash clothes. I fucking hate washing clothes ass. She has no more of a duty to wash clothes than I do. But she does it. She cleans the house 99% times more than I do. And I just let her do it. I just fall into that. And, and that's patriarchy.


Whereas I wouldn't do that about like fixing her car when it's time for a car to get fixed. I just jump in and do it because that's my instinct. And but that's a man. It's just, 'cause I think as a dude I'm supposed to be doing that. Do you think that, see my household is just the opposite. So I wash dishes, I clean, I do all of that shit. I don't think it's patriarchy. I just look at it's two adults. Yeah. That's how I, that's how I envision it. I don't look at it like that's my girl's role. You understand what I'm saying? Like if my girl cleans the kitchen that day, she just cleans the kitchen that day. Yeah. But typically I clean the kitchen 'cause I'm up late so my girl go to sleep. That's my, That's what I, It's not, but it's not a role. But it's not based on my, it's both of y'all realizing this shit has to get done And the other in This house Late and try to clean this kitchen.


Boy, I hit You the frame. Well, But the other, but the other thing is, is that as progress, you know, us trying to be progressive, we're less likely to talk about gender roles and refer to our mates as you know, in the gen. And we refer them as partners now. And when we think of, when we call each other partners, we're really expecta our expectation is this is a partnership. So this is shared responsibilities kind of thing. So it's less of a gender role assignment. And it's just about we, we have decided to cohabitate, we've decided to have a family. So whatever. And wherever the slack is Somebody That's exactly, and I'm just saying I'm more likely to, last thing I'll say is I'm just likely to let some slack go With the washing clothes.


Well, and It is usually very traditional and like, I'm not, like, I'm not going like change the, I'm not gonna let the tire change in slack go, but I'll definitely let some, some draws get, I don't play, I don't play my girl touching garbage. I've been like that with anybody that I've, you cannot, I I'm not cool with that. You not taking a garbage out. You're not like, right. That's what I'm saying. The most you can do, take the bag out right there and tie it. That's it. But you don't touch, like, the sad part about It is shit. No, that's big. And I'm not shut ass tradi traditions. I couldn't say nothing. We would love for tradition to work both ways, but we can't because Sure. Life is evolving every day. Double Standards exist, but Double standards exist. But yep, I do would like, I do want my wife to wash dishes. I do want my wife to do the laundry.


Not because I can't do it because she's better at it than me. Get in that kitchen. Maybe because you got all the practice from doing it All the time. I mean, You never do it. Get in that Kitchen. Don't watch the whites with the colors. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I may wash the white clothes with, with, with, with cold water. You know what I'm saying? I just made just I know. I, I Anime. Yeah, Not anime. No, no, no. I wanna cook. She tell me. You know, just Do your thing. Anime. Everybody made a lot of sense in, in closing that Ford is going in the junk drawer. Shut up. Word. That ain't gonna be nigga. Nigga. I'm Team Ford nigga. You crazy. So what happens? Ford said Nigga, the Hudson River, the Ford nigga.


We we'll see. Ated Ford. You don't get the fuck outta here. Also happy to report the police are saying they have identified all of the suspects in that horrific shooting with a homie and his daughter. Oh good. They have active warrants out get them. Yeah. See, See Quan got paid. Quan got some swaggy. 20, 20 plus a year. Two year extension. 40 something. 40 million, 41 he earned. Don't feel like enough. He earned every do. That's for the run back. You know what I'm thinking of? Basketball number He Running back in the league. I think there Wasn't I think ever by far. Is That okay? Okay. I don't know enough about football Tonight. He was fighting with the Giants to get 13.


I thought it was 15. Yeah. 13. 13 with the Giants. The Giants wouldn't give him 13. No they would 15 million. They would not give him 13 million. They gave Danny Doms 40. And I told y'all that these running backs that are up for renewal next season are gonna change the entire market. And that just Set the standard market Jam. Gibbs B John Robinson, Christian, McCaffrey, Saquon, Barkley, Derrick, Henry. And now, and now that Seon just did that. What are you going to tell a young 20 early twenties Jamir Gibbs? He can't get right. Oh, he's gonna take a, He's a threat out the backfield, catching the ball and running the ball. It's nothing I can't do. What You gotta give him? You gotta give him 18, 16, 17. You gotta give him 18. He's young still while We on football.


How do y'all feel about Deebo to Washington? I don't care. I care. I care. I Know you. I bet you do. Fuck you think I care? Yeah. Why you care? I'm a Cowboy fan. What that mean? Y'all ain't, They're in our conference division. It stopped enough now. He still thinks the Cowboys can win. Yeah. You like me Bro. None of that matters. I still want my team to have a shot at women. No, it makes sense. It makes sense. I'm a fan of the team, so yeah, I'm gonna still root for my team. But you Should, I'm just saying neither outcome would lead to a situation. You, y'all gonna be the last place Deebo wasn't the, you want some, you got some money. You gonna be in the last place. Oh, We Go. I like taking these niggas money up here. I don't know enough about football to bat on it. Oh, okay. I just know the Cowboys ain't shit.


We ain't this year we wasn't sure. I don't like what they do in the Shado. I didn't have that on the board. But I don't like what they do in the either What you mean Or or Cam board even for that matter. He, he seems fine to me. I haven't heard anything about He's qb one on for sure. He is gonna most the board. No, no question. What they do, the Shado is he's too arrogant. He's too, this didn't interview Well we got him dropping the late in the twenties. The gap between him and Cam Ward is bigger than the gap between him and Jackson Dart or whatever those the rest of the quarterbacks are. But below him, they got him dropping. They started to do the mock drafts where his name is just being totally disrespected.


That's a good thing. I don't know what's happening out there. A good thing, but I don't like what's happening with Chador. How how good is he? He good. He's pretty good. Like Do you, do you see, I mean if you're going off what you seen on, on film, he's like, Do do you expect him to be like a, like who, who's this comparable in the NFL today? Like who would be a comparable player? Tua, what's my man name from the, the Falcon Falcon's Very similar plays similar to The Cardinals Pal. Nowhere near, nowhere near. He's not, he's not mobile like that. I like the Tua. Okay. I like the T. He's not mobile like that. Yeah, he's Jewish. Okay. From what I've seen and The way they slander in his name, I don't know if the Giants take him. If he's there. Well y'all ain't gonna take him 'cause he black.


I've heard that they're trying to trade up for Cam. That package that I saw looked absolutely ridiculous to trade up to the first pick. What was it, what was the package Y'all giving away? The house in the car. Oh, you'd Have to go. It was our, our third pick from this year, our second round pick from this year, our second round pick from next year. A player. It was mad shit. Some old Herschel Walker type shit. Some hers walker Shit. A lot going on. And The team Ain't gonna be shit bitch town though. And that's the thing, the team ain't gonna be shit. 'cause you're gonna give up mad shit. And now he gonna be stuck in the same situation with no old line with Danny Hold up. They're all offensive line isn't horrible. And they got my man neighbors. Neighbors is a problem. You put a good quarterback there, you put Cam Ward there, they're, they're gonna be a good football team.


They're gonna be something you have to deal with. And their defense is not, there's pieces, there's pieces. The giants are not that horrible. They're not as bad in bad shape as like the Patriots. Even though they have a lot of cap room, they're not in the worst, worst place in the world. They never, except for the quarterback, Y'all keeping it a buck. They never were, they always had but without, you know what I'm saying? Like, I I, Without the quarterback, I don I, y'all know, I'm not, I don't think Danny Diamond is a bomb like that. I don't think he's horrible. But I don I don't think Think, I think Ken was, I think they Oline was trash. That's why K Sequan kept getting hurt year after year after year. 'cause they, oline wasn't shit. Danny Dimes don't be getting a, a chance to throw the ball and they didn't have a number one.


Malik, NAB is a certified bonafide number one for sure. So we'll see. Cuomo running for mayor is interesting to me, but we, toward the end, we don't have to, we don't have to get into that right this second. And I think he's leading polls. I like it. With all that's gonna win. I think a good majority of New York are still Cuomo fans. Even with how he was outed. I Think the, the country in general is kind of going back, looking at some of the cancellations that happened. Yeah. Okay. And being like maybe, yeah, maybe That was a little, my nigga, how can you justify picking a president that got 30 sexual allegation charges and ousting the governor that had one or two Right.


With no proof. This nigga got convicted. Right. He the president. Right. This dude got accused and he had to step down. Right? Yeah. And, and when he, when they made him step down, his, his ranking was way up there. He was because Post saying he was post covid, he was the Man, he was America's leader. He was post, post covid. He was him. So, And we thought he beat the next presidential Team. Yeah. He, they thought he was gonna run. So I think that, I just think he has a a, a way of talking to the people. He does. He resonates with common common Americans. I think that he does. That's his strength. And I think they've learned a lesson too. I mean you look at Al Franken for example, you know, powerful senator in Minnesota. He stepped away for a very small charge relative to what some of these other Republicans have been accused of.


I'm not defending what Al Franken did. I don't even know what Al Franken did. Exactly. 'cause I don't, I just don't remember. But I do know that I think Democrats have learned a lesson that they're playing by two different rules. Yep. They keep stepping aside. The Republicans be like, yeah, I pulled my dick out. I don't care. I'm running again and you gonna vote for me. And they do. And I jerked it. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, yo, what, what's the charge? Lewdness is when you jerk your dick. Yes. Right. Yes. I don't know. They, they lewd It is, You know what I'm saying? Like, I think just the Democrats are pussies. Yeah. So Andrew Coleman might be the return of some courage for them. You know what I mean? Even though I don't like him, you know, he's a, I I hate Eric Adams so I'll take it. And that part, that's the part too. New Yorkers and by and large I think are nigga Eric Adams versus Mario Cuomo.


It's A land slot. That's a nice fight. That's just a what? That's the tank. You, You know what ain't Tell me More. Cuomo's putting a nigga to sleep in the third round. I don't even think it's close. Well I wasn't talking about really results. Oh, okay. I'm talking about the the personalities. Oh right. Those two personalities on the campaign. Oh my god. York and in the primary too New York and a New York primary because you really get a good primary challenge. Cuomo's a New Yorker B He is, Cuomo is a New Yorker. Like it walks like Talks like it walks like it. Eric Adams, Kansas, Eric Adams not a New Yorker. Fuck He hardcore. I'm talking about Eric Adams got on tv. It is like, hey, fuck Kansas, New York got a spirit about us from Brooklyn. Eric Adams been talking that New York shit for a while.


I don't think that's, he Was a Brooklyn police. I Just think Cuomo has the edge in how he handled the pandemic before they did that shit. Yeah. I just, I just think how he talks and he resonates with the people. Eric Adams from inception, from the day first day niggas was like, eh. Yeah. He was a plurality. Niggas like eh. Yeah. He's somebody that was like, all right, of all these people, he's the least, he's the one we hate the least. Yeah. Whereas Andrew Cuomo people stand up for him want. That's Awesome. And with Eric Adams, he had Puff to at the time Jay, all of them was Pul at the time. Yeah, Angie. All of them was er Steve. Yeah, Steve Ul at the time. Yeah. And still was. I don't know if he has all of that just go around. Well and still was. Eh. He might have Puff, I hit the round of applause. A few quick hits.


Hold F's Defamation suit on Busby and the Jane Doe accuser. Round of applause. Go ho. Go ho. Go ho. We support you and we love you Casey. Anthony has a really weird rebrand going on right now. I guess I'll tell you about it. I dunno what's going on. Talk Patreon. But she's a weirdo. I don't know what future has going on with this little young girl, but it's a constant reminder not to fuck young girls. Is She young that Yes, she's older than Me. She looks older than me. Yeah. She ain't look young. Oh well don't, don't gimme the line. And I'm going based off her behavior. Oh yeah. Mentally young. I, yeah, I'm going back to behavior. Her face didn't look that young.


We got a rest in peace for Skype. There is no more Skype. Skype is officially a rap. Skype used to hold it down. Oh my. Using, you know I'm sad, you know I'm sad. Fucking nasty nigga. Yo Skype, Gmail chat vu, all them shits. Come on now. Gchat was the shit. Oh my god. That was fun when they added that little video feature. It was over. Yeah. What else? What else? What else? I had something else but I don't remember it. I don't remember right now. It's cool. I don't sleepers sleepers sleep. Which get those sleepers.


I'm going in the vault. I'm going in the vault for this one. I don't know if this is available on your phone or on DSPs. This is division One in a Million. Whoa. I don't know if this was a SoundCloud era or what. I don't think it's out though. Shout the division Daniel. What's good Don't you?


And Feeling good.


Hey Brand new old music. That is division, that is their One in a Million division remix. I wish division get back in they bag of remix in the RB records that's already out. Give us a little tape of that. Shout to them. I'm not sure it's available on your phone or in DSPs but shout out to division friends of the show before we continue off of that. Anthony Edwards news that we reported earlier. Anthony Edwards gets a win in court after a judge ruled that Aisha Howard's child support case she filed in California has no jurisdiction.


Anthony claims Aisha lives in Georgia despite her claims that she moved to California before giving birth. He alleges she gave birth to their daughter and filed her case in California in an attempt to get more child support. So small win. Yeah. Seemed again back to what I was just saying. Seemed like she had it for a bag. She had the baby for a bag and he don't want nothing to do with it. So don't get pregnant and try to foul in California. God damnit. No, no foul in Tennessee. Where the fuck I met you at? What the fuck you talking about California? You shit me. She tried it. Yeah. Yeah she tried it. That speaks volumes. Yeah. Alright. What we got man?


I'm playing something off this gym album. Ah this is back in the day off at the church steps. I hate you man. Oh you just heard Mark say he wanted to play back in the day off Jim. The Time I plays for everything. Mark said he wanted to play Friday and Meek, which I played what Lot going on but we not moving Wrongest I Words. The gray e Sturdy The season. You all welcome. You told me you Back in My Bag.


It's like the bottom of some chips. Bon Tom bitch we never laughed. You know we got it on the hip. Love it. We wasn't scamming, we was screaming We so pot. Bottom brick. They was blaming that Miss ipo shit. They shot him in his whip. Shit I'm getting money shit. I got PR on my kick. See that? My jewels like a pool. He says he about to take a dead splash fall lights on the Ps because where I live is always falling face. We getting real money bitch. Every day we walk the doggy shit just left. Say let's Couldn tell you what the TA was that he put money on that Bullhead. I couldn't tell you what the bag was. How Willie was at the table. I tell you how to bag up your Louis or your Birkin. That little nigga get your bag up. The Versace silk Shock Rolly master seat red faced with the bezel. The rolly master B hit the club close of four.


I might rolling out three. I used to buy two for connect and he would throw in half the key nigga Go out the shit fur off like a cause burning made up in the project. Pro paper a nigga I'm a beast. You gonna make your moms a targeter. Take it to the shit, take it to the streets. I really out here like that's a fat you ain't really out here shit. Where at? We really in the mix nigga stir that up. We really taking trips nigga we saw smoke to them, their s like Huh I really got some crashes with me. Some uni bombers. All them niggas know what's going blast the blinky or Pastor Blinky.


They could blast abl every time they watch boys in the hood, them niggas laugh at Ricky this shit is all a joke to them. They treat the S like its eyes all smoke to them. That ht me my name that cause a reaction. Fuck said we really making movies and boys is just acting who ain't playing games in the toy. We ain't strapping. And a guy that watch the phones their boys, they be tapping. Oh these are for black and white or red or blue back to back. The gang is red but the bread is blue side to side H with the trail with the feds and blues. Love you. Blood still rocking. My red chucks though.


I ain't finish with, I sold packs the crack till I was finished with a G pack. Niggas think they step to the spin get 'em. I make them call up to the step. They going spin and get him make that boy a plate like we had dinner with him and cars dropped and we ain't got, we finna get him what's next And if I did burn a bridge then we gonna swim to get him out. And if they catch us in the spot, they let us in with him. See plane landing on the ocean bed Bahamas, if you eating you gotta make sure that your folks is fair. Much changed since I had that test of roaster bread. And tell Ted I rather talk about the Coke instead. We on don't get burned for that butter trying to toast the bread. Pour liquor on the floor when we toast the dead so we can never let it slide. Just like a broken slash wonderful murder.


What the said? Fuck you think I supposed said I been looking for my friends but they mostly dead picture Swayze so I brought them go instead Black Swayze niggas. That was all that is Back in My Bag. Jim Jones at the church Steps. All right I'm going to Maryland. This is six KYLE Blue buddy. And I'm forgetting somebody like Firmament.


That intro is crazy. Is it a hook on there or not? It's just a beat. I need to favor ran that hit like Ali and Frazier but only nigga still buying packs with the flavors. I see you later player. I'm on these capers turning racks into acres. Anita Baker on my playlist. Thankful named after the angel Gabriel. I know you tired of that same old. Same old say aware of the angles. Angles. Anxious, sweetness. Ain't mango Tango more like dj. Oh baby Might be the coldest to hit the Firmament. So waiting, blowing the water and make the current shift.


Old Navy rack hoodies. We used to glow a bit and niggas still bite like my Doberman, I'm over it top gas by the zip I'm finna roll this shit. The older hit like two sticks of old nigga deodorant. Oh shit. Never been my match but for show was lit. The whole kit 86 the Oh Yeah when the sun down don't stop party.


Yeah I'm ready to body shit. I'm ready to body shit. Nobody on my wrist but y'all niggas should know what time It is. I ain't committing homicides and all but that's all right 'cause I'm one of them guys that just be saying something 'cause it rhyme with shit been a long time since I had the nine to five. Shit I'm still about a billion away from where I've been trying to get, I still makes up some of the hangs with the designer shit. I got designer, that designer this I got designer whips, designer crib. It came with a one of one designer bitch. She paid like 20,000 for those. They designer tits. I don't even take it to the club because she keep trying to kiss. Ooh. Ooh shorty don't do that. That's not cool. That's rude. And any suck of shit they said I did is not true. And any nigga that they said with whack It is not blue. And whoever they said can hang with us is not you.


Yeah. You already know this how we do come on The sun goes down Don't stop Party Because it's a celebration bitches take it from the best in the game. Spiting all that hella hating up least to elevate and riches Escalades and ranges on switches. You niggas is on the internet banging from long distance. I'm saying come on with it. Get in the vicinity to visit me. Slippery you all bitch you playing it off endless.


I'm saying you soft. You say you hard but nobody else that you know when you circle say you all say you fall like a tree in the force. No one to notice if I slip no one a Crip because I'm one of the dopest. You ever try to smoke me? Gotta smoke me to the roach clip 'cause I ain't going out like double dating with no bitch party. You couldn't be an mc fly if you was Marty I'll leave you as is and sorry no joke as is and sorry with no joke to go was go Rope Six, KYLE Blue and Buddy Firmament. I think KYLE was third, KYLE was second. That was was third Absolutely Fire. I don't know who the last one was. Third. It was four niggas or three.


Well There's the dude in the hook it No the next to the last nigga. Yeah. Went crazy. That's KYLE. I believe Artist is eviction of love. The song is Play It Off featuring Bryson Tiller. Oh let's see it When I pull you.


Seems You ready girl Love flexed on. I gotta make a few plans so you a so Seems You on.


If you want we can stay. Our friends can't leave. If you want we can just you and me if you want me. Sure. You gotta pull up on me because I want you and I can't play. I That is Eviction of Love and Bryson Tiller Play It Off And I see what you did there Ish went to a man.


Yeah. Trying to get throw niggas off. We ain't falling, ain't working though. Looking for that nigga. That ain't gonna work. We got you figured out. You already know one week ain't gonna throw us off. No you'll be back Mel. Let's, let's go. All right. Mine is called Crocodile Tears by Coltrane and Chase Shakur. So Iberg to be intimidated or Don't say he tell me the truth. Girl say he's about oh you on his comfort so I fuck me.


But you still fantasizing your heart from fall from side Joe Biden As Crocodile Tears by Coltrane and Chase Shakur.


It's gonna always be some Coltrane. Mark gotta rock nigga. Mine is in, in honor of Angie Stone. You know after she left the sequence, she joined Vertical Hold. So I gotta track from Vertical Hold called Seems you're much too busy. Stupid as couches Now they stupid couches now they stupid couches. When your knees fucked up they stupid couches. Got it. Oh shit. What the hell they record this off the vinyl or something? Shit got mad, some techy shit. Mm Nah. I just had a mad space at the beginning. Is it? Yeah, shouldn't be.


Here we go. Seems are much too busy for me and I can't stand. Seems are much too busy these days and I can't hand a S that Fit my, she fit my daughter Fit.


Stand up wear with t-shirt. Damn.


How you feeling?


Hey I mean y'all too young. Y'all too young y'all. No, no. All right ladies and gentlemen, that was a nice midweek pod for they head tops. How's it going? Nice light vibe. Huh? Come on now. What the fuck they talking about? Also, we wanna say rest in peace to Dolly Parton's husband. Yeah, for sure. Carl. I I wanna say his name is. Yeah, can we fact check that really quickly? Gotcha. I don't wanna fuck Dolly.


Parton's husband name bro is his last name. Parton some of y'all with that old, I'm keeping my last name. Shit. Carl. Carl, Dean. Carl Dean. Rest in Peace. They made 60 years. They were married for 60 mm. Yes. Amazing. Could you imagine being with somebody for 60 years? God damn. No. I guess that's the goal, right? Yeah. See you're doing it again. You just did it again. Your wife is cool as hell. Look what he did. I got the Best wife in the world Man. There we go. I just couldn't imagine 60 years To anybody. We won't do that shit. Make it seem like we miserable at home. All I'm happy at home. Shout out to you baby. I love You. There you go. Shout. But why We do that though?


We just do It is nigga shit. But we don't have to do that. Yes we do man. We do all, that's what make us Feel like Young again. We still got so Right. That's all. Oh man. Yo. Speaking of, I know we said rest in peace to Angie Stone. We brought up sequence and all that. We ain't bring up how she took DeAngelo out the game. Ooh. Snatched DeAngelo. Hey bitches couldn't understand it back then had That nigga head in the cloud. Oh my Lord. Shit that Yo, it ain't nothing like a breakup to have you getting a V start jogging. You start running, you won't be in shape. All that breakup take weight off. You like Jimmy Craig. We gotta break that shit down to Patreon man.


I heard some things. What you heard? I just heard that there was plenty of rain in that cloud. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like she could had that nigga when he was doing all this out there now all up now be you drove him crazy. Made that nigga gain all that weight too. Right. Then when dangelo got, he Lost it. I think he lost it over the breakup. That's when he lost it. Yeah. Is that what Happened? That's when he got entitled. Yeah. Yeah. That good. Oh don't do that. He he on some Tiana Taylor shit. Yeah. Nah break. You can't do that. Don't go lose all the weight after I leave nigga. Fuck you talking about.


Alright man. Shout out to Tiana Taylor and fucking Mufa Mufa. Yo. Hey, Hopefully you've enjoyed this broadcast as much as we've enjoyed delivering it to you. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows if you've been listening, you know we need to be there until the next time you wanna call. Let me hear you.


DeAngelo walk in the karaoke. You leaving? Yeah, Until the next time we bid you would do Farewell. Adio, Riva Doci, OTA arvo. So long. Goodbye. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all We have. Lastly, the baddies are insecure. Want to keep they last name hyphenate yours.


That's why they pretend that they against patriarchal fucking designs. The stagnant women want to travel. The badie wouldn't want to travel too. The baddies don't want just sitting at home. They wanna go out and you pick up the tab. Go shopping. What's that little shit you be wearing? America's people. What's that shit Martha's line Free people. People you ask. You know what I mean? The baddies want some of that free people now hopefully. You know what I mean? Stagnant women want to trap in a closed-minded women want you to teach them things. Grab your Tylenol, you might need it. Anybody out there fighting a silent battle? We are with you. Anybody out there going through fucking aches and pains like we are we here for you?


Anybody out there that lost somebody? We with you. Hey. All right man. Yeah man. Let it rock for a little bit. What's up? Anybody doing anything interesting this week that I can exploit for entertainment purposes? Huh? Just work. I heard you in hour one say that you was gonna show us soon. Something might be happening soon. You didn't say nothing else. I learned my motherfucking lesson. You didn't say nothing else. I know I didn't but I read between the lines girl. He said we'll see Hey things going good. Hey he Said we'll send 'em down. Hey Things going good out this bitch. Hey turn it up out there now Y'all see?


Yeah. Y'all gonna see. Show them bitches man. Show Mandy. Y'all are bitches. That's what y'all Are the bitches. That's what I mean. That's what I meant. That's what I meant. Anybody got any weak plans? Anything for the week? Anything for the week. Just woke prayer star brother Ish. Man. Hopefully he does not need surgery for that walk boo word. We working this week. Ain't that many Sergio's in the world nigga. Go ahead and throw some jeans on niggas. I'm trying to be cute. You trying to do that sympathy vote shit with oh girl. Nah. Oh damn. What Happened ishma? Nah, some chick was with ig. I saw crutches. Yeah. Is he okay On my ig. That's how you know he can't sit down. They seen him already on the crutches? Yeah. Where would they see me in the streets? Where you was The streets nigga.


Dog outside. You move around Nigga outside man it's all right. I wasn't, might been my brother at at the Mr. Crutch in the gym. Crutch man. At the hospital. The gym. Oh Didn Didn't even think about that. Oh yeah, niggas notice you're in the hospital. You Right. Oh yeah, the hospital. That's probably where they saw You. Probably hot Speed man was probably right there. Right. Kick me. You go to the hospital. She got the scrubs on too. Yeah, With the Jan on Jody A little daddy. Yeah. Hey yo girl you put that boot on my foot. Don't let my girl see she here. He gonna kill him down in this episode. I did hear you say you was hurt on the Pause. I did hear that. Oh yeah. Oh I did hear you got a little Can I do this? Can I bring you some food? I know you tired of that Portuguese shit. Here take some of this Fried chicken.


Fried chicken. I Love it. No, you gotta turn down that head to just fall in your lap when you're not looking for it. Turn it down. Yo Joe Strong. Stop that nigga Joe. Stop doing that. What? It is true. I don't think our girls recognize that. But you not saying it that way. Shit. Who? Who? Shit. Oh shit nigga you. You talking shit nigga. You, you 17 bitches over to suck my nigga today. I'm still here. You in a seven 20 nigga you can't get this shit when you turn nigga. She right there. Dang. He subjected to I love my baby. She cook good meals. Yeah, better love the meals.


Nigga should be popping up. Well more. You gotta see this nigga sad. Sad as baby leave boy. The old ball and chain huh? Right. The old Ball. And I said on Twitter my baby left. They both crying. Shit. He can't escape. Yeah that's when I tried to go and use the fuck I tried to go make meat. The little shake she be making me. But she be using the the bullet, the nutriment bullet and shit. Bullet. Yeah. But she tried to show me how to use it. Catastrophe It be like that son. Because It is turn on as soon as you put the thing. Yeah turn. That's turn. Its the stupidest thing I ever you put on and turn it not for lefthand and clunky people. So when you gotta turn it off, you gotta push it down and turn it. You just turn it the opposite. Turn off milkshake all over the floor. How?


How? Because when I it unscrewed the Top. Didn't you gotta screw the top before you put the thing in there though? You Think? I don't know that when I don push and turn it was unscrewing tight. Tight. You a bitch if you could work the bullet. No it's though. You know how to work. You trying to girl you trying put negative shit on some regular shit nigga. You a don if you Can't I can't. He a nigga. Your back, you gonna screw this jar as tight. Do it. You can't tighten this shit up nigga. Oh shit. Nigga say you ask your girl to untight the mason jar. I'm saying if he tightened this Shit up it ain't gonna open More. Oh no I can't open. She added different flavors boo. I can't open this Trinidad and swag nigga.


Black power shit nigga Stop. Don't do that because we already in the, what's the newspaper in Jamaica, Jamaican stars some shit. Stop chill now. Enough for Nah I I told him to Stop. That'd be enough for that press. Wait What happened baby one Warren with the music, they got a hold. So Joe Buttons Step kids is the Jamaican superstar. Like wait, whoa buddy. Holy shit. Yeah You right. This podcast is big. We had shut the fuck Up. We Promoting shit. Alright man again, y'all be good out there yo. Daylight savings time is this weekend. Yes It is. It is. You lose a hour daylight saving times this weekend. Shit. Crep back up on us. Y'all hold it down out there man.


Peace, love, health, wealth and prosperity. Man. Stay sucker free and we will be back to you same time, same place this weekend. Let the beat go Ford Damn show is If you didn't, if you didn't believe in all that patriarchy shit, they wouldn't have paid for the cake not to bring the cake back Up. Oh My God. You know you bring the cake up more than anybody else in The fucking room's day. Grand man. I don, You're not talking. You still owe me fucking Uber money. Dismiss but don't dismiss. No you Oh yeah. Dropped off. We no we are not. Not no we squashed that. No we didn't dropped off. I don owe money.


Money left it alone. Uber Left it alone. See why you gotta start some Shit. I'll pay you Uber. But now if you get my a hundred dollars, I was talking about the cake. It basically You, it cancels itself out exactly where. Alright, alright, Alright. Where my mind, listen, look where my mind, where my mind. Hey I just want one day female Mel to come in and say yo, I got you niggas I would leave Earth if patriarchy left Earth. That's that. She's mad down with the patriarchy. That sounds crazy to say this. She's all the way down with shit. Fuck hold sponsorship. That's true. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Lay, I'm gonna let you, that might add more sponsorship. No what male stands, she's just fronting trying to get the fucking women stands for menopause. Pussy sponsors male's image. What she stands for.


She can't say versus what she really is. She can't say who she really is. She can, she can play the motherfucking drop. She can say what she really is. You gotta stop thinking that bro. She can. You think she could be herself better? Give BP J BP double goose Jbp. Oh man. Hey, well we gonna take this away did. Oh my God. Cool. JBP. That's funny son. She she buy that shit yo. That nigga got you Feeling good. That nigga got you in a good mood. Girl. Unison.


That nigga doing this big one. Nigga. Sergio, look at this like Alpo with 'em niggas man broke Alpo. Like what? He was looking for his first, for his first half. Alpo. He like Alpo when he needed a loan. Hey, he got the white T too. Yo. Look at his fresh shit too. This is red white T. Oh my God. All right. Fuck these niggas.