
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy. the show. Come Over here. Triple Cs. Yeah. Don't come over here ice grilling me, nigga. That's not what I'm doing. you know, smile like you did in front of the F Bodega. Nigga you was fucking in the flip. Saw you. I saw the footage. I saw the footage. He made me smile.


Shanice. I was happy to see you too. You do Kind of look like John Cena. I was happy to see you. Oh. Shit. Oh. Shit. Oh, ice. Ice. That was crazy. Oh Shit. What's up man? Nothing man. You letting off. Yeah. The audience doesn't know what y'all talking about. John CNA followed me. No, I said John C. No. So what happened was going back and forth and I said, John CNA followed me and I announced it. And then Well, you know, doing how you did It though. Show them how you did it. No, I looked at my phone. I said, oh Snap, John CNA followed me. I wonder why. No. Duplicate The smile. Yeah. Yeah, the smile. Because you Were smiling for a, it was funny. Yo, y'all, Yo John Cena just followed me. Yo. He asked You if you was fuzzy inside.


Yeah, Of course. Everything's salacious with his You felt warm. Yeah, he said that. And then Corey said, John Cena. Yeah. And I was like, good. That Corey harassing me. It's a pretty big deal. Corey's harassing me. Congratulations. So wrap it up man. Now we happy for you real. I'm not joking with you. I'm not joking with you. I'm chilling today. I don't want no smoke. I don't want no beef. I got no problem with you at all. Yeah, I'm chilling. I'm, I'm in Dusty roadside. You and Imani got me in trouble. I'm gonna fuck y'all niggas up. Boy. We did. I'm gonna fuck y'all up later. Later though. We gonna talk about I hate Him. We got you in trouble. We got you trouble. You can't like say stuff like, you always do that and then leave it. No, it's, I'm leave it too later. I'm gonna leave it till late.


Okay. I'm gonna let it bake. I'm gonna let it, I'm gonna let it bake. He got in a lot of trouble too. He was with me. He was with me outside a different guy. But you know I made my promise. Salute. Yeah. What do you mean He was different? I knew y'all was gonna be outside together. Once I looked over there at the end of the last part and seen shorty with some ass Oh Shit, that'll always let me know who gonna be outside. Y'all did me. Y'all did me dirty in front of my guests too. Who? Y'all. Y'all did. Was that your guest? Yes. we Know that. I had no idea. Did introduce Her. I trying to introduce, I tried to introduce her to you five times. Yo Joe. But you was just Yo Joe. Yo Joe. She even said no, leave him alone. He's, you was trying to see your Joe. I want you to meet my friend. I thought she was here with Vern but alright. Right. We're in a broadcast. This is crazy.


No, I didn't know that. I did not know that. None Of us did. And I wanted to text you like, yo Rich, this is the first, this is the first time you did that to my guests. You've been nice to all my guests. I don. I saw chicken. If I know, if don don't know that this person is with somebody I know then I'm cold. I'm not trying to be friendly. I gotta turn my friendly meter off because Oh, I got you. I Got it when it's on. I Got. it works. I got you. So. I. Turn it off. I Got you. I turned my friendly meter off. Y'all went In on me. And that's why I kept saying y'all, why y'all talking But? yeah. Y'all let me have it. I'm gonna get each and every one of y'all back in a different Way. Audience flip is angry because at the end of one of them episodes, I don. don don't even remember any episodes. Maybe It Is impossible. I'm getting old. It was a Paton.


No, we do a lot of recording. That's what It is. No, no, no. I'm getting old. Dementia kicking. I can't spell no more. I can't. I be, I be forgetting shit that I just thought of a minute ago. It is going, y'all, you've Been that way for a while. Oh, let me call Michael. Paul. It is getting, It is getting bad. Nigga. I tried to spell some simple shit yesterday. I didn't stuck like a fuck. It is scary too. Oh man. Some dumb shit. Nah, you know where that shit hit you When. you start phone numbers, you know, off the top of phone number Out one day. You like, hold up. What the fuck? It fucked me up. Nah, I'll be on the phone with somebody. They'll be telling me something super important and I just zone out And then they, yeah.


So what you think about that? Huh? Yeah. What you say? That's fucked. That's fucked. Nah, it be some mad detailed like you need to It is, oh man, Jesus fucking 44. Shit. Anyway, anyways, It's worse. I'm in a really good mood. He did It just now what? Because he was telling the people audience flip is mad at me. You yo, Yo. So flip his man. At some point, at some point on a pod last week, all of the pod members here got in flip's ass about divulging things that were personal and him not allowing it to be done to him.


And we had a real serious intervention about it. For some reason it seemed like flip learned something about himself in that episode. Which was shocking 'cause niggas had been saying that to him for two years straight. I've been here to watch it. Well I Had a guest here. So then now I'm looking to the side and, and and, and now my guest is like, you do that. And I'm like, ah, well this is all, See, I didn't, if I would've, ah, now I'm ping it together in front of a guest. So they really did that in front of company. They did. All right, listen, we have to start the audience. Don't give a fuck what we talking. She's a silent nigga. Oh. Shit like a lot of us. Think about you. I'm playing. I'm playing Freak boy. Do, do, do do.


Hello. Now check this. That my best friend's best friend is not me Because Well he says that it's his wife and I'm like, oh that's cute. But hey listen, has your wife ever been there for you to listen to you complain about your wife? Hey man, has your wife ever lied to your wife for you?


Have I ever made you cry via words? If she's your best friend, why do I have evidence that could end up forever? You You can break my phone, but you can't break the cloud. Sh Fabulous. Mic check. Mic check, mic check. 1, 2, 1, 2. Man Brooklyn sir.


That's how you know we old. I was there when this dropped. Nigga was old boy. Mike. Check Mike. Check 1, 2, 1, 2 me up and half bro. Show me up and half on. Not really. It just sounds good. It just sounds good. Always For the ladies. Always for the Ladies. Real niggas all over the world. What up? Squeeze. What up? Brooklyn with us Jersey up Chain Uptown. What's good Murder system Twist dis better get out. Anything else? That is out the question. Take the six out. The west Gonna have to patch you up.


Way change I. gotta I let Alay, I slide nices to them. Range. My princesses look like I got an ice tray on my chain. Ain't a nice way to explain. I slice ca of the can nasty on the mic. The dice plays game kid ain't got no prior So. I talking about blow 20 at a time and occasional old. And the rims look like they cover the whole time Up Getting passed. All new flyers. Major league player who bating got black skis. The black pepper got sway retros to the bat. FA, Sorry.


Feeling good. Feeling great. So happy to be here with y'all. Shout to wherever you might be listening from Time to put in like a drink and ask myself what would Pablo do Coming through with a paper place like the barbecue got the haters shaking heads like the Bibles do. Yeah, but it's all for my family. The goal wasn't live middle class and buy camries. I want us all to eat. Even if from my pantry, I guess I'm just more So. I candy. I feel like these young niggas need more eye jammies, more passport stamps, less trips to Miami. Yeah bro, we all need a little culture.


A little time away from bird ass niggas and vultures. I tell you what you need to hear. Not trying to insult you. I'm too old to catch you. I gotta adult. You listen. This shit is getting outta hand like fumbles in football. I humbly put y'all in your fucking place. That's my OCD. I give a bitch a little bit, but it's mostly DI be in that roll Royce knocking, go see D. That's a PR clientele. All I know is buying sell. We had to hustle to eat. It wasn't no Thanksgiving. Pour out a little liquor for homies that ain't living. It is big shit. Baby up in here. Find what you bring to the table, then pull up with cheer. Okay. Alright. That's it. Last one. Last one, last one.


Waking up out there. Up out there. All the entrepreneurs on the nine, five up out. Nigga. So mad at just Blaze when this came out. Oh, I could have killed just blaze when it came. The nerve. The fucking nerve didn't need this.


I needed this. Smell. You can myself. I know these bitches keep them. We on day Breath. Got it. Are y'all good? Y'all ready? You ready? You ready? Ready. You ready? Ready. Ready.


That's right. God dammit. Wake it the fuck up. Such a phenomenal intro for this applause to be so low. God damnit. Fucking AI applause. Nigga. These drops out the way real quick. Let everybody know where we at, what we up. Now shout to all the parents out there listening. Shout out to all the people that said fuck them. Kids out there listening. Huh? Ain't no kids. Fuck them kids. God damnit. Shout to the working class people, the entrepreneurs. Shout out to everybody no matter where you at, no matter who you are listening with.


Shout to you nigga. Listening with your ladies. Hey, hey, hey, Hey, hey. It's a lot of y'all out there. Shout to you, nigga said depressed, listening to this, hoping for an escape, hoping for some type of escape from something. Been there. Hope you find it. There's a light at the end of that tunnel. Let's see. Let's see. Shout to the people with the LEDs behind the TVs that put this on the big screen. Shout to the patrons. Patreon will talk about that shortly.


Welcome to seven 50, episode seven 50 of the Joe Button Podcast. Brought to you by Powered By Fueled by PrizePicks. I'm your most humble, gracious, grateful, highly favored host Joe Button. So happy to be here with y'all today, man. God is good man. He's good. Won't he do it To my right. To my right. Good morning Hootie. Fucking Who? come On. Who fucking who. come on that. You need an intro. That you need an intro. Hootie Fucking who To her, right? Big queen Flip is in the building. You heard next to him. Issues here. Ericson's. Finest Ice is here. Five percenters finest. Parks is here. Myra's finest. Corey is here. Ian is here. Ke is here. Ericsson is here. Pose is here. Imani is here. How's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling? Great.


Summer's dwindling down This Smell like fall outside. Hoodie season is almost Fucking, Oh. I was in my closet. Organizing hoodies. Getting ready. How you organize them by color. Color and by texture. Mine is by color. By color and by textured. Heavy. Heavy, heavy. Over here the big boys. And as we go down, you know, organizing the closet's, almost hoodie easy. I can't wait. Let it be a drop of rain. I go outside in the morning hoping to Smell some rain. Let me Smell some motherfucking rain out here. So, I can put a hoodie on and some pajama pants. Let these niggas know who the fuck the boss is around here. What's up with y'all man? How was y'all week? Good. What's today?


Alright, Got it. So how was y'all weekend? Anybody do anything fun? Weekend was good. Nah, I just took the kids out. I ain't do shit. I Was in the studio. I ain't doing much unplugged from the phone. It was good. Alright. Keeping up our washed reputation. Yeah, absolutely. Shout out to everybody listening wise. Shout out to the lit niggas out there. This day will come for you as well. That is true. This, this day will come. God Willing. God willing. God willing. That's, that's Important. I ended up going, I had to go visit a friend to the hosp in the hospital actually this weekend. It was actually one of my girlfriends that came for pods giving Nicole. She had open heart surgery. Oh. wow. It's the Second one. No, third. Yeah, It is one. Yeah. And she's only like 51 years old. So I. Wanna give a shout out to Nicole and tell her that my prayers are are with her?


She has a village around her. So. I went to see her and she's in great spirit. So thank God. Shout out to Nicole. Yeah, she's doing very well. Okay. you know that's what's up ma, homie. That was it. That was it. That was my weekend. Why Iota? Alright, why Iota? That was it. Pick it up Joe. Alright so man. Key slope. My girl. My girl. Right here. Morning. Hey. Alright, so where would everybody like to begin? What's wrong with Tyrese? That's a, that's a good start. That's we, that's where we can start.


Tyrese is a friend of the show. He is also Patroni. So be careful. A couple of these celebrities are Patronis and they be hitting me as Sean Garrett hit me. Uhoh Uhoh Niggas hit me after the Patreon episodes. So I'm letting y'all know that Tyrese can hear This shit now. And he'll reach out about what he heard. He will. He will. He's hitting me before. I don't know who else he's hit up here. He will be in my dms flip. He'll be in yours Now. You see Bitch dragging niggas down with YOU DON drag me down with you. Yeah. Yeah. Tyree sung the national anthem at the Rams Cowboys game. Cods playing as Marvin Gaye Beard again hair.


But he'd been running around Jack cast still hat he's been running around with the beard because he has a movie that's coming out called 1992. So he's been, he has a beard in that movie. So the Beard, you Marvin Gaye in the movie? No. Marvin Gaye is not in the movie. Rest in Peace. Marvin Gaye's deck. Alright. It. is Robin thick in the movie? No. Robin Thick was in Harlem the other day. Robin Thick was just in Harlem. Were You hanging out with him Where he was at? By Cantina? I'm About to tell, say say Mel's brunch on Sunday. So I can get mad. I was supposed to be there. No, he was in Harlem. No, but I thought it was, you know, he had the bed. I'm like, okay. He got that movie shit. But then he started to sing. He's my man. I like, you know, I rock with him. But you know, Whatever he does.


What's so dig Things times were so much simpler when it was just him on a bus, you Know? But it wasn't Coca-Cola was singing for his Pepsi. Right? Co Coca-Cola. It was, Yes. Yeah. Always. Coca-Cola Tyrese You can sing. Ty. I feel like Tyrese is one of the better singers of his generation. It's a fact. Agreed. And he got all the slaps that he need to be in these singer conversations. And Marvin Gaye families sue you for using a snare from Marvin. That's a game. Why the fuck would you go out there and just try to be Marvin Gaye for the national Anthem. Anthem? you Know it's the preseason. So what? It didn't count. So You can, Yeah, You can risk it all at the preseason. Yeah. All right. Home Depot got him fucked up.


He didn't win that. Yeah, he lost the Home Depot. His case. I have no idea. Home Depot said the economy's down. No, the economy's down. I know, But apparently that's an indicator. And they spoke up and said people ain't buying shit. Oh. I was taking Burberry's down. So that's how I knew Burberry's down 20%. Louis is down 30%. Oh Shit. That your indicator. Oh man. Run that shit. No, I wouldn't burn off the other down. The only nigga there, they happy as hell to see me fuck with oil and gold are doing Burberry when Louis says goes, oh man. Yeah. God damnit I think that Tyrese should stop and I think that something is happening in Tyree's life.


And that's all I'm prepared to say. 'cause I don't want that nigga DMing me should keep going. What if he just method acting or something? Man, he's committed to the role and some of them niggas do that. Oh, performance art. Like male. When did I do any performance art? No, Well never here. But on stage. On stage with Lucky Day. That was performance art. Yeah. It, it def it was, it was a performance Theatrics. I hope, I hope he's doing a, I think Tyrese is fine. I think, you know, just let him something fall. Let let him act like a gay. Let him be, you know, let let him be with a e. Yeah, with a EA. Can you see the Congo?


The Congo Is a nice touch. Let's Go turn up That in the shirt. How did Marvin Gaye die again? Shot his father. Shot. Shot His father. Shot him about the seventies. Was shot. Eighties. Eighties. Oh the eighties 80. What? Man? I was, was Like 1983. Yeah, I was a kid. I remember that. 83 4 I calling Cap. Yeah, I Was a kid. Father shot him. Nigga. No, His father shot him. I'm calling Ka on that year. No, it was the Eighties. No, it was 1983 or 84. It Was 80. Alright, well look it up. Okay, look, you know, four, five. It was the eighties. Well, you older than me. I'm gonna take your word you owe is dirt. 80 April 1st. 1984. 84. Well Let's go park. Look, he's still going.


There we go. Huh? A hat too was a nice touch. Lemme just say this. Marvin Gaye was very in, in inspired a lot of people. People went on record saying how Whitney, when she did her national anthem, that she watched Marvin Gaye. And she wanted to do it like him or outdo. She did an amazing job, you know. And r Kelly, shout out, shout him out at the boxing event when Bernard Hopkins was fighting and he did the step in the name of Love Marvin. Gaye version. So Marvin Gaye inspired a lot. Let Tyree Live, man. Hey, I know we don't. I know y'all Well I know we don't Fuck with r Kelly. Wink. Don't fuck with that Double Wink nigga. Yeah. Hey, I know that he's, we don't fuck with that nigga no more time.


I fuck with him Don. Don't give a fuck. But I seen a clip circulating about three weeks ago. It may have been ai, it might not have been real Singing of r Kelly singing from the jail, killing it. And I almost went and committed a crime. So I almost went to that concert. Yeah. Them niggas in that jail was having a slice. I seen it. You seen it? He bought it. He sound, just sound just like he sounded 20 years ago. Yo. Yo. Yeah. Listen, you old enough time is like, go Kelly, come on. We gotta listen to this music again. It's timeless. I'm sorry. Timeless. I know who the fuck we is. I wake up every Sunday morning now step, Step Side to side. I know. I'm sorry.


Ain't gonna to judge me. Y'all know what I'm playing in my house on Sundays. You true? It's My house. Tyrese. Shut the fuck up. You my man. You. Why you even say that? You my man. But he has to stop. Oh, you Let him come back, Get that song off. We let him get the song off where he was dissing his baby mom over the child support shit. And it was like a Marvin Gaye song. I let him do that. I thought it was fly. You wanna channel Marvin for a song. Cool. But to continue on with the role something is on. Something's fishy about that. Yo yo, You know, you know one thing that stick out you right Now, you read to Tys again? I have not. No, no. I was not asked to read for Tammy. You might be in this particular situation. This You might be Tammy. Yo. What if he's auditioning that? That's what I'm saying. That's, I, that's what I was thinking. I was thinking. It reminds me There was a dude, I mean he was a running joke on Twitter for years.


Dude named DeMar Brown and he kind of resembled Pac. So he ran around 'cause they, this is back when they was making a Pac movie saying like, I should be in the movie 'cause of what I look like. He ain't never getting no rolls or nothing. So it was even more funny 'cause But what if like Tyrese's doing that? I'm just running around. If they might making A Mario, did she do that? I want you to consider me look Mario too. I'm playing the part. DeMar was a nobody. Tyree ain both of them wanting a role though. It's just, I mean, I hope he is doing it for a role because f Ain't got beef for DeMar. Mario DeMars the man I'm saying. But DeMar acting like Pac It is different than Tyrese. Acting like Marvin Gaye Tyrese is a star a a-list celebrity.


But they still have to audition. Yeah. And you might have heard that there was a biopic in the works. I Wanna get on their radar. Wait, Tyrese, a-List celebrity. Absolutely. Fast and the Furious. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You better say talk. I mean, I know when niggas could sing, you talk from the side. Yeah. You can't fuck with that nigga. You fast. Yeah. You ain't sat here Until, okay, now hold on one second. Hold on, hold On, hold on. I want to have this debate as soon as Flip finished cursing somebody out. I'm sorry, go ahead. Because e on the side, my peripheral is seeing him. He has a lot of comments to say, but he can't say it. you know, Tyrese, when it comes to that singing, you can't fuck with him. So keep your comments up. Sit there behind the lights, nigga. You nigga, fuck with that nigga. What you want me to say it for? Lot of laughing for mouth. No, Did Oh, Lot of laughing Mouth. You Can fuck with Tyree and You can sing.


I heard you s singing, you fo Wait. Tyrese is a-list celebrity to the room. Don? Don't think so. Yeah, he's he's in one of the biggest franchise. Yes. But hold on, Turn on niggas too quick. I'm not turning I don. No, we, the, the debate is, is he a-list? So if we're gonna talk about a-list, Tom Cruise is often talked, talked about a-list. He's not Tom Will Smith Cruise. Julia Roberts, Leonardo DiCaprio, Robert De Niro, Al Pacino. These are Kevin Har are these are a Kevin Hall. Kevin Hall. Kevin Har. Yes. These are So I name, a black name and used to get silent. Yeah. Morgan Freeman. Denzel Washington. Okay. Okay. Viola Davis. Yes. This is, you go the, this is the A-list.


Y Y'all are putting Tyrese there. I I'm not putting, I'm not, no, I'm not, you're not putting him there. It is Not. Okay. He's not a B he's not a list. He's not that's not true. It's levels to a-list. No It ain't. Yes. It is a yes. It is Explain. There would have to be Leonardo DiCaprio's A What's Michael B. Jordan. Not a, You're bugging Michael. B Jordan is not a-list. No he's not. Yes he is. He's knocking on the door at least. Yes he is. He'll be there for a second. Again, it's levels in the a like there you get what I'm saying? Like you, you could, you could be nigga A is a, y'all could try to divvy up Viola da Viola Davis is not top a-list. Celebrities. Robert Deera. I'm not certain that Viola Davis is an a-list Actress.


She's an a-list. Actress. Actress. What makes it, okay? What? She's an Alist actress. Yeah. We need to establish what makes An a-list celebrity. What's an A-list? A-list means You can open films. Your name alone opens films. You get top billing. Okay. On the movie Po mo movie poster and all the marketing material. Yes. you right. This is basically like a Yeah, he You can, You can open movies. I don You can You can open movies globally by your name. The S is not that No, he's not. By your definition. No. And and neither are some of the other people. Yeah. It's quite a few people that don't fit that. If that's what a-list means. Just wanted to clear that Out. Even y'all, Even even A $1 billion franchise, you named what we named Fast and Furious.


Tyrese ain't getting Ty billing than that. No. I'm think, but I wouldn't think don don't agree with that alone definition. I think that once you, your name is like a household name, I think you've reached a less celebrity, a-list celebrity status. You understand what I'm saying? Like where the old people know who you are. The young people know who you are. You've transcended all races, all of that stuff. I think that's When. you get that a are we talking Alist? Y'all say Alist actor or Alist Celebrity. Celebrity. No, that actor And that's That is where shit is Different. Ty Tyse would not be considered an a-list actor. Yeah. TAs is a bigger Than celebrity. He's a bigger actor. Any person with an admired and desirable social status. Yeah. But that's just, that's basically, that's pretty a celebrity, a-list. Celebrity. That's celebrity. But that's what they said.


Okay. And a-list actor. Listen, I just wanted to get a gauge of the room because Is the niggas on his A list? I'm, I'm looking at the A list. Is Denzel on there? And and there's people on here that I think Tyrese might be more popular than Name, name a couple. Chris Pratt. Okay. Don don't know if he's more popular. Chris Pratt's pretty popular. Chris Pratt is popular. Yeah. Zel to, to people that are moviegoers. He, yeah, I know Ty. And that's my point. When, you reach, I think the, a-list level, he's probably right. People that may not be going to the movies, they know who you are. People that may not be into cinematography, they know who you are just off of facial recognition.


You get what I'm saying? That's what I look at a, a-list celebrity as. Alright, so a definition here in Hollywood, an a-list celebrity is a major movie star or one of the most bankable actors in the film industry. I think it's that part there. The Yes. Who's generating the most money? Bankable. The Bankable part. And that was what I was trying to say. Yeah. Yeah. But we're speaking about actors and not celebrities because I mean, You can shit on the floor and post it on YouTube and get a billion views and you're qualified as a fucking celebrity in these days. you know what I mean? Like celebrity used to be people who were celebrated because of their talent these days. You could do whatever the fuck and you are. But You can have a billion. Hmm. It's a Little bit hate But. yeah. No, but You can have Mel's, right, because You can I agree with her.


You can have a billion streams and still not be a celebrity because you're not your popular, your notoriety is nowhere. You might be popular in this one particular demo. Right. But you don't go outside. And people, again, across all creeds know who you are. That's, that's my Drake. My mother don't listen to hip hop. My older people don't necessarily lip listen to hip hop music, but they know who Drake is 'cause of son. It says a-list. A-list. Celebrities command. The highest salaries have the greatest. What you're saying, Ish have the greatest public recognition and just their involvement in a project alone can significantly boost its chances of success. Can I ask Everybody here what they feel their gift is?


Sure. What does Everyone here feel like their gift is? I don't care where we start. I feel like my gift is the gift of empathy. That's mine. That's my son. I'm very empathetic. Look at my son right here. And I'm, I I can articulate people's emotions in a, in a layman's, you know way. Alright, so you ain't got no gifts. Alright, flip Energy. Energy is my energy is my gift. Why y'all get This shit off? Maybe it's not a gift up here, but definitely works outta fucking place. Let's go.


Motherfucking man came with A bunch Of trash checked. Let's go. You be pushing the check on everybody else. I don Care who don't look at me typing as long as she checked somebody I'm down. Yeah. Let Contradicting, contradicts an empath. What's yours? Energy. Energy is my gift. It is Ice Diversity. Y'all better take a walk around this goddamn table.


Y'all better fucking walk around the table like you do with me. You can take the Walk around. You can get it. You can get 'em. Fuck that. You get 'em you of. Hey, hey. That was a mighty slow stroll here. That was a strut. Sliming down, slimming down kind of fast, slimming down quickly. I was a strut slim that me slimming down quickly. Slim don don't know what time. Oh no, I'm down at two 15. That's that slimming down fast girl.


Congrats. Okay. Ice Gift I, Oh all description. Alright. Wait, wait, what was it? Diversity, fish Diversity. Yeah. That's just, And everybody is cool. Yeah. Number. That's his gift. It's self-analysis. You can't sit on nobody's gift, right? No. Can't You got a little the gift off don? Don't know. I don't know. I don, come on Don. Don't even know I don I gotta, that's I. Gotta think about that one. Fuck me up I don Dunno bro. Niggas ain't got a G gift Sign. I don Dunno Man. Sorry Parks Facilitating creative environments. Same. I, right? Same. That's fire Parks. Thank you. So That's your gif Musicality.


You didn't say that. That makes sense. So empathy, empathy. Empathy and The ability to articulate for others. You can't articulate for Yourself. She speaks for the people you can't articulate for yourself. Girl, I'm gonna speak for you, okay? Okay. Alright. No I gotta tell you. When I drew that up on the coaching board. I don like it would be a good one. Hey, lemme ask niggas what they feel they gifted. It sounds bland on the paper, but y'all, y'all took it there. I love it. Hey, what else? What else we got? That is much, let's diversify.


Let's diversify right now. What else is there? All right, so Tyrese is done. Why is Drake's Texas ID up there? Is that important? It's just funny. I laughed at it. Why Is that real? What happened? It's real. It is real. He's a Texas resident now. So congrats. I think. Yeah. Congratulations or something. Alright. Is that the only Drake topic we have? He Texas Id. Well That was just, that was just a funny picture. But we He did put the three songs. The three songs, yes. That were in the 100 gigs. They made their way to DSPs quick. Some people said it wasn't him that did it. That's because of Well they saying UMG, right?


Yeah. don Don't think UMG has took the MP threes off the fucking leak and put 'em up. Maybe they did but that sounds crazy. No it don't. They say UMG was trying to make 'em pull 'em down. Well reason why, you know, in the little description. So they put it up there as 100 gigs. Single It is three songs. Says sift through Drake's data dump for three new songs or hear I'm here seem a little slow, you know, slow. They said they were, they said initially they were mad because whatever, whatever he puts out, he gotta clear through them first. Even the content, he had to clear that through them first. And he didn't, he went around them so they were tight. Why would he do that?


I Can't figure out why do what if he knows he has to clear everything through UMG 'cause he got his big money deal over there, then why would you not clear it with them? Like why would you circumvent them and just put it out on your own? Maybe he wants to show that he's going against the ma, the system. Yeah. Who Knows? Maybe that look is, you know, no Way for us to know what he's thinking. Well, yeah, true. Who's on the credits? What do you think? Who released it on the bottom? Right? So it's, it's, it's, it comes up as everything else. Like OV O2. Alright, here I'll read it. 2024 OVO under, under exclusive license to Republic. A division of UMG. That's how his project's released.


Now I'm pretty sure that they work together to get that out. How you pretty sure that? Because I just don't see them taking an MP three and putting it up. That's usually not how shit is delivered. But if he leaked it or somebody else camp leaked it. It wasn't on DSPs initially, right? No, no, it was only there. And then you gotta remember he did put up the, the, the screenshot showing that it was flagged like his post was flagged and had to be removed. So it could be some, it could be some, some truth To it. Oh that's a monkey off his back. He's right.


If you have a back backyard, outdoor area or balcony where your neighbors could see you, do you not go back there naked? No, people do. I'm asking y all No people do. It depends. Yeah, you could be a voyeur or like an exhibitionist and yeah, get off on that. You said you should be on your balcony naked. Oh they gonna see me. Yeah. I keep trying to get them to catch me fucking hard. Get rid of that sleepy pick that leaked. They won't do it. I keep walking out there on rock like, like I go out there and stand like this. Them niggas will not catch me with the flash on So.


I just wanted to ask, you know, like is that something you stop like shy away from? No, I go outside but ass. I'm not, no I don't. I'm not going outside but ass. But it depends on the person I walk by my window. don don't think being how Freaky of you. You know, I don't think anything said a tele lens. What an it pab. Alright, what else? What else? What else? What else? No la no nigga. No, not yet. What's that official lineup of one fest? What's one Fest? Alright, that's Alright. I don't know what one Got It. It is a fest. It's a festival that's taking place in Atlanta in later this year.


I'll get the, so it's October 26th and 27th. Seventh it's gonna be at Piedmont. Piedmont Park in Atlanta. Cardi B Gunna Jill, Scott, Victoria, Monet, earth, wind and Fire are the headliners. Shit. Sexy Red is performing Gorilla. Keisha Cole, Fantasia, Nelly, Ari Lennox. It's, it's a lot. The DJ Mustard and Friends Drama. I need Earth, wind and fires. Fucking health aids Mel drama. I need DJ Drama and Friends. Them niggas. Exactly. No, it says DJ Mustard and Friends too. Yeah. So this is a, there's a lot of a lot of people. A lot. It is like the 15 year anniversary. So we're doing it. And you said it's October, October 26th and 27th at Piedmont Park in Atlanta outside.


I seem to have gotten a lot of flack from my take last podcast about Lotto Lotto versus Doja Cat. That lot of Album's good too. A lotto album. I five the lotto album's good, but I'm getting a lot of internet hate for me saying that I think Lotto would clean Doja Cat apparently that's the minority opinion said that apparently I'm in the minority think, well I get my hip hop info from you So. I should have listened No Ice. I said that. Oh Well I get it from ice too. So I should have listened and Park said that. I said it was close And they, they killed us from Was the only one that, I mean Ice is The only one that said nah. Yeah. At all. I didn't have it called He, yeah.


I, I'm, I'm still stand On it. So now that I, now that I've read what the internet had to say right and rethought about things and listened to my colds, Smell Parks and Ice. Fuck Y'all. I am here to double down in what the fuck I said as if I think any of y'all are more right about this than me. Fuck y'all's opinion. I think Lotto will clean Doja Cat if battle were to occur. Y'all Doja Cat fans is sending me all This shit where she rapping. Great. Cool. What the fuck do that have to do with getting punched in the face? I that's a question for my, my Doja Cat High here.


That's Not where the you you moved the goalposts first. How? Because we said top three rappers and I it was Doja Cat. I mean, excuse me, it was Nicki. You said Lotto. Doja. Cat. I said I had it the other way around and it was, it wasn't the, the battle didn't come into it. You were saying it that Lotto was a better rapper than Doja. Cat not in battle. They're different styles, different flow, different delivery types. So in a battle sense, yeah, I would give it to, to Lato. Okay. That does not make her a better rapper than I guess for me than Doja. Cat For, for me, I see where you say I moved to goalpost, but for me, if we're taking artistry out of it, then I have to pit the rappers against each other.


I know that wasn't our conversation. Right. But for me, I have to now face one against the other. And if I'm facing lotto against Doja Cat for the rap crown, then I think the Doja Cat has a long day in that. In That. Yeah. In a battle. I might, it's not shit. But If you just talking about rapping on songs then, then maybe I should walk it back. Yes, that's what we were that's what I was talking about. Just Rapping. Maybe I'm not certain, I'm not certain, but maybe I'm open To that. But when, when Lotto get in her bag and I want to talk about you or talk to you. Yeah. I Think Lotto will talk about Doja Cat better than Doja Cat. We'll talk about Lotto And that I would agree with. Okay. Okay. I Got it. Alright so fine. I got cleaned up respectfully then.


Oh. wow. Right. Rightfully So I got cleaned up after and we Got a shout out Rhapsody and the Shane noir the world. 'cause we, we weren't really including the, because that's Rappy Rappy rappers in this conversation we're kinda talking about like the girly girl rappers. I gotta Go ahead. Doja Cat rap. And honestly I take Nicki off that girly girl list too. Like Rhapsody and them that that could rap with the dude. I'm reallys level Of rapping y'all. And Nicki says I wanna be judged with the dudes. So I'm talking about the girly girls. Yeah. And she should be like there was a time when, how Can I instigate a lot of Doja Cat beef? Tell me how I feel like You have Not yet. No. Oh okay. Not yet. I gotta go in them fucking racist chat rooms with Doja Cat beef ass nigga. I gotta go in the racist chat rooms.


Which should be nigga, nigga   in. If I go in there and pretend I'm fucking Ted from Wichita, Tommy from Kansas, maybe I can get her. Damn. I want to instigate that somehow. Scott's Crazy. I don't even see that happening. Lotto think shit. I feel Like I can get Lotto to shoot at Doja. Cat. I feel like I can get Lotto to shoot at Doja Cat. I Feel like Lato will shoot at anybody. That's what I'm saying. don don't think it's that much. Yeah, Yeah. Don't shoot, don't shoot at anybody 'cause she so confident And I think Doja Cat, Tucker Tucker little clit away. Don don't Think So I think if Lado starts directly addressing Doja Cat. I think she tucks a little clit away. Doja Cat Doja Cat eyebrow list nigga. Right in the boof.


Nah like a, Like a Marsha Lay some shit to Right on Instagram. I'm Talking shit. I like both of 'em. I like both. I'm talking shit. Shout Them lot. Lot of albums Fire like yo, Who's going to give us our next beat? Fuck all this PC shit you're doing that shit again. Hold on. Hey we need that shit. Us content creators, podcasters, hip hop the record labels. Shit is a mess without the beef. Are we in the twilight zone? Man, Sean will give it to you. Mm Big Sean's gonna give you your next beef Nigga. You got me in the Twilight Zone nigga. He's feeling away. You can see it. I could You keep trying to pump this big Sean shit. I don Fam. I'm You said who's gonna give you your next beef? That's all you has to, you Know what I'm saying man, I'm Now you want hear beef?


Yes. I want a good, I No, I'm just saying because I wanna have beef that we can make money off of. Oh, so you wanna monetize off the beef? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh, you down with that. you know why you sit here like that. You run away from all beef Misca. You run away. You might be a rugged. Nah, I can't say that you run away from beef period. So don't cosign him to you. Don't say it now and get I can't make no money off a big Sean on beef. Why not depend on who he beefing with? No it ain't. But what you trying to do? You need Drake to beef again? No I don Lotto in Doja. Cat do me fine.


And this how he does it. Nick. Nick, Nick and anybody will do me fine. Lemme see. Lemme just start throwing names. Lemme just, lemme just Prepare y'all. Lemme just start willing some beef to fruition. If there's another beef, the first part we'll come and and and touch on it. And then the next one when y'all really want to hear us Patreon Pat. Yo, this next episode is all Patreon? Yeah. Oh. And I'm watching you nigga. For sure. I I wanna be down for sure. I want to be in. You got a Patreon? Mm I Do. You just put everything on your free shit. Don't, don't, don't You do more for your Instagram than you do for your Patreon? I don't do anything for Instagram. don don't do anything for Instagram. Wait, you don't believe that do You? I mean I don't. Do not, not currently. No. You Starting on Instagram this weekend? Huh?


You starting out on Instagram this weekend? Well no I do things for YouTube. Mostly Instagram. I take from YouTube and put it on Instagram. Instagram is not my focal point. You made pretty sure to show off that little steering wheel this weekend. The Lamborghini. Wait, what did he do? What did he do? Lamborghini did lamb? Yeah. Yeah. What about it? Wait, what did he do? I missed something. You was in the Lamborghini this weekend? Yeah I was in the Lamborghini. What about he bought A new car. Congratulations. I didn't Please come on man. Please. You bought, you bought A man. Hey yo. I'm telling you, you the only name I left out on Twitter. I will fuck you up. Go for it. Alright stop. I'm Just congratulating you on your success. No it ain't no success. I'm focusing on YouTube. So back to this though. Like we can't congratulate you for buying a Lamborghini.


I didn't buy lamb Lamborghini. What you get? I didn't buy Lamborghini. It looked like the truck shit. I couldn't bes. Sure, but You Got it. Yours what? Come I don. I didn't buy It. is that looked? It was gray on the inside. So. I. It Wasn't yours? No it wasn't yours? Nah it only minus. Nah Oh Shit wasn't yours? Nah. Yeah I was just just having fun man. And working We we working. Just working. That's it. Anybody here? What YSL Woody had to say on the stand? Yeah we did. If you did I Got it here for you. Like I told you before Y'all, I told you niggas I have lied. I made things up Nice gray suit. I Told you this before. Y'all brought me in this courtroom.


I told y'all And I'm telling you now. You asked me about 2015. I have got my life together. Facts. Y'all trying to put this on my s Y'all trying to put people life in my hands. I don done lied on people. I don't want to be here. Y'all have pressuring me. I'm tired of y'all 'cause y'all know y'all are wrong and y'all black people doing this to us And I understand that. Leave me alone. Let me leave man. Y'all pissing me y'all listen. I don't recall nothing I said to no police. Stop asking me these question. I'm telling you I don't recall. I understand but we're gonna to get through the question. Just continue saying you don't recall.


That's what It is. That's what you want me to say. I want you to answer for just a minute. Objection improperly Instruc. Witness how to testify. I don't think that you were instructing him how to testify. I hope not. I don don't instruct him how to testify other than truthfully. Thank you. Any other objection or was that covered? Alright, go ahead. He said more than that too. Yeah. Yeah He said a lot. Yeah he did. He said a lot more but thing I'm trying To play everything. One thing he said, he said It is he's not snitching because he lied it's finessing. He said if I tell y'all something you go home And get you a but I'm lying.


I just, I finess y'all. I think one thing that stood out to me is that he stated that I only told you guys this lie because I didn't think you guys would take down thug 'cause he's a celebrity. I wanted to get you guys off my back and I didn't think you guys would bother him. So this is why I told you the lies. But We know what this is. we know what's going on. I think you know salute Woody, you know do you're doing the right thing by coming up there and telling the truth and yeah I want to ask what y'all think about him taking the picture with the court reporter. He trying to knock us our slippers on. A lot of us been that a lot of us been in that position. We yeah she with it. A lot of us in that position where He been shooting at her the whole trial. Yeah he probably knocked This shit over it anyway.


Come Home for that. Yeah Listen a lot of us take those chances nigga we be at church or be at, you know a situation where we catch eye with a cougar and you know Nigga he could come home for that. It's compromise at that point. The fact that he put the word pressure in there, all of that shit that matters. Like He ain't playing that nigga up there. He sounds stupid to us or niggas that don don playing that nigga's like y'all, y'all pressuring me. I don't want to be here, blah blah. I'm basically telling y'all whatever y'all want to hear, So I could go to fuck home. And I was under Dures and then they asked him about Murder, didn't asked About the murder with Lucci people and he put that on, I believe it was his cousin that's Dead.


That died. Yeah. Damn. He's a prosecution witness. They fucked up and they gave him and before he answers the question, he yoanna nothing I said could be used against me. Right. She's like, yes I we being me and my cousin that's dead did that. Yeah it was us. We did that. I just told y'all no that was us And they shot up Rich homie car Father Shot Shot. Yep. That was, we did that. For Them to still book Young Thug some type of way just means that they really wanna book Young Thug no matter what happens here. Yeah, yeah. It means that it mean that the legal justice system is bullshit. No it means that we, we was arrogant and we thought we got you and now the case is falling apart and we can't figure out how to get that shit back together.


Even if he is guilty, they still letting the case crumble in their hands. They might have thought that they had a slam dunk. If I'm young Thug I gotta buy YSL Woody a a birthday gift for the rest of his life. And this judge seemed a little more serious than I a judge. No, well he saying he won't do that because Alright. You can't say here But. yeah, exactly. You wouldn't send your op a gift If he gets you up. Is there no circumstance? Yes in the world where you would send your op a gift under These circumstances? No Wait is hold on, hold on. Wait, wait, wait. you know niggas that hit niggas and when a nigga that got hit, he write a statement but then he don't go to court.


A lot of times the nigga that did the hidden paid him off or paid. That's a gift. Y'all appreciate that for you not going to court in putting me in jail. I know that firsthand. Appreciate that. Here hold that, hold that down. 20,000, 30,000 On my Melyssa Ford shit. And I'm trying to brand myself accordingly and I don't want to Talk about any nigga I just saw, I just saw a picture. I saved it too. I just saw a picture of you nigga let, I just saw a picture of you nigga and I saved it. You find that shit nigga? I was like Oh Shit. Look at it. I sent it to my other account too. So I won't lose it. I know the picture you Talking about. I saw it too. Okay. Newark. Newark is now look at it with all these gang members, with all these gangsters.


That's you. Lemme see. Look at this in the middle of the gangsters. Yeah. R it Joe. No, but this is you Diversity, There you go. Yeah. Looking like I've seen nigga send and be in the club and send they ops bottles. But that's being, that's being Funny. That's being might be be facetious. That's being funny. If you really wanna have a Conversation, the bottles were real bottles whether you'd be facetious and the thanks nigga I parched I don, I don't wanna beef no more. This shit is over.


Whatever the case may be. But if you start talking about from a street's perspective, you never supposed to go in there and write no statement. You're never supposed to go, I mean Yeah, You right. You're not supposed to go in there and write no statement for you to even have the ability to recant your statement. So if you went in there and you snitch or you did certain things that they built a case upon, even if I don't go to jail, some other people might go to jail based on your testimony and the shit that they found out later. So no, I'm, that's not congratulatory. But No, but but people were still sensitive. Said That just happened on Dateline. That just happened on the Dateline. I saw where the cops, somebody died and the cops built their whole case around dudes high school ops saying, yo, that nigga was going around high school saying I wanna kill my parents.


Oh, his parents died. He was going around high school saying I wanna kill my parents. And they brought that same nigga back in there a few weeks ago, a few weeks later. He said, no, I had heard that That Cop said I could strangle you. Right. But Look now, so imagine if they, if they built a case based on this particular information and seven people went to jail based on that information, even if the main dude didn't go to jail, had you never went in there and said or did what you did, these seven people might be free. What if Thug sent YF and Luie something I don you think He'd be wrong? I don't know the parameters On it. YF and Luie. I I don't think He would be wrong. Yeah, he chose not to but I'm not street testify or anything pertain. Oh. And they was beefing. They was beefing if th sent him something like They was at war.


Yeah. Like and they, he Do Dude sending send you a gift mean that I don't want to kill you. No, it means salute. Salute. Saying salute, salute that you real nigga. Yeah. 50 50 don't like 50. They just had an interview with 50 going around and he, you know how people feel 50 feel about Preme but he said yo salute Preme took his time like a man, he could have told on a bunch of people. He didn't tell on nobody. He went to jail. He got life and he could have told on Mad Niggas and came home and he didn't. So he saluted him and don don't think 50 cent got love for Preme. I want you just respect The, the integrity of the individual. I want to salute 50 cent for that entire weekend.


New Orleans. Yeah. Look crazy. No Shreveport. It look crazy. Shreveport. Yeah. Sh Sh Shreveport. Sh It Is Louisiana. Louisiana but it's not New Orleans. They made clear Shreveport. This is big for them. He's been putting that on pictures for like five years. Shreveport. Shreveport. Yeah. Look crazy. That looked amazing. Yo. The celebrity basketball game, the comedy show. Like you, you had that. Who's who's of everything in there Joe Talking about that ass, who cares? What what? Talking about Joe talking about, I was talking about like important things that matter. Yeah. Niggas salute niggas that Do dope shit. I saw a lot of my homegirls up there, nigga. Hey I'm sling them from bringing all the bad bitches from around the country.


I did. And putting them under one roof with all the dope boy niggas with real money that could fucking help with the rent for the next year. Yes. Are, you shitting me. Have you seen what was going on in there? Shit was lit. He's right. Let's Go talking about the celeb. Fuck that basketball game. I'm saluting Shit. Bitch was hanging up the phone with me. I'm on FaceTime. Y'all I gotta go 50 in there. Yeah, they was lit up there. Oh damn. The baddies was throwing money. Shut out to 50. I know Parks. I know we back It is coming. We don't get 10 minutes more to talk about these bitches. God damnit. They, he did a thing. They was, the world picks PrizePicks. He had the PrizePicks up there. He had PrizePicks up there, he had the PrizePicks up there.


Gold medals. All that shit. The gold, all that. God damn shout the offense is such a bird. Yo. You think you could've went up there and not spent no money? No. Okay. Alright. That's, oh Whoa, whoa, whoa. You would've spent money. Spent money on what Ass? Anything? I'm not, I'm not saying ass, I'm saying Anything yo. You can't Just be in that, be in that in that Environment period. You can't stay in ass. I'm not talking about ass. No, I'm Gonna spend No Well because you in you're married bro. Listen, If I was single, I wouldn't spend no money in the ass. When The Badies come around, you gonna spend some money on some shit. That ain't gotta be ass. You're not paying for the ass directly. But you know what I mean? I don't Know what Shout out to 50 cent bottles, Shreveport And everything else that was going on up there. Man, God I seen it.


I seen it. God damnit you wanted to be there, did you think? No, I'm never going anywhere where all of the Dope Boys that's all over the country goes to one place. That's how my high school years got ruined. Shit was a Fed Thinking It was a basketball School. It was a Fed convention. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Shit ain't nothing but a Fed Convention. I'm, I'm cool on that. Crazy. Oh yeah they did. They tried to get wallow. What happened? I did see him. I seen him say that but I didn't, I didn't click on that story. An Uber driver or some shit? Yeah, Uber driver. Yeah, he said Uber driver, he was in an Uber and the Uber driver was acting like the car was fucked up. The tire messed I gotta pull over. I gotta pull Over. Oh never that So While I was like, no, no, nah, keep going. And he like, nah.


So he said he kept driving. He said that the dude like, yo, I'm gonna pull over right here at this gas station. I'm gonna pull over on the side. And while I was like, yo, my nigga Wallo got out, your car's still moving. Ain't no reason for you to pull over. Wallo got out and walked to the airport. No, he said he ran to the airport. That nigga said yo, my, my, my sneakers was making music some funny Shit. But he got out where? On the side. Wherever the nigga pulled out at Wallo got out and took off and booked it and booked it. Yeah. Absolutely right. God damn. Shout To Wallo. Shout to Situational awareness. Yes. Shout Wallo. Hey, you better know what time It is. Goddamn no Bullshit. The lineup was happening in real time. The nigga jumped on his phone in real time like, yo, look on at I'm in the field.


He was in the field walking. He just like, yo, the airport right there. That's the Y'all street niggas gotta update that little move that little, that little flat tire car not running move no more. Man They don't. Oh they see the video. They just put a video off the other day. Nigga tapped the nigga The hell Nigga Hit all y'all Nigga was behind. The nigga got the light old school Move just In summer. A video on the internet. Yeah. Old school move bumped the nigga. Boom they wait. A nigga got out when the nigga got out and walked to them all four doors opened up and and robbed him. Get your ass back here. Took a shit. So no they don't gotta update that. That happened to me before. Wallo just a knowledgeable nigga that was up on game.


But that shit still works. That shit happened to me before. When that When I had that brand new Mustang, I was out about two in the morning. Red light. Somebody tapped me, I pulled Sp right through the light word. I'll figure out if it's damaged. I'll check it later nigga. I'll check it out. I got insurance B. No, no. So yeah, shout to Wallow and again nah for nothing. We laughing and joking. That shit could end up in your life being gone. True. I'm glad Wallo posted that to, to give awareness to people. Bring awareness. Absolutely. That are not familiar with that move. Absolutely. And if I call an Uber nigga, don't, the Uber shouldn't break down your car should be able to get from point A to point B. I don't wanna hear an Uber driver tell me I gotta pull over. Nah nah nigga Never that. As long as this motherfucker is rolling you old nigga roll to the police station, pull over there and you know it ain't your hood.


They could tell from your voice that you not from this area. They know It is the line and they know what It is down here this weekend. Yeah. They know what it dumb queens niggas boy. Oh I wish I could tell y'all I can't. Alright. Alright. They Line you up. There you go. Right. And get that type. Just wait for it to slow leak out right behind you. You gonna get out and check that tire at some point and that's gonna be your fucking buffet. Yo. They they was kicking the niggas doors in college Took Queens niggas Baltimore going and Queens niggas was doing they thing before a run flash. I tell you that and run flat. I'm gonna just keep on track.


I'm gonna just keep on track, Keep going. I'll be on a remini. This bitches you crazy yo. That's Funny son. Jesus. Y'all seen that plane that came crashing down from like Brazil or some shit? Yeah, Yeah. Eight doctors died. Eight doctors on the plane Rest in peace or talk about tragedy. Shit that shit looked bad. Rest in peace to everybody lost their lives. That was a horrible horrific incident. Yeah, I didn't mean the song burst So. I'm getting the pics but that was it. It fucked me up for a minute. So you know the, the conspiracy theory people started working as, as soon as the plane went down To find out who was on that manifest. Allegedly those were some of the top cancer researchers in the world allegedly.


And so the plane was supposed to have I think 15 people or 18 people, something like that. And supposedly the eight of them, their gate was wrong. Okay. And so they had to go to a different gate and the basically half of the manifests got mixed up to be on one flight and the other half got mixed up to be on the other flight. So the other people lived and then these eight particular people passed away. Lemme just clear something up real quick 'cause we wanna get this correct. It was 62 people that died in total. The doctors you're talking about was just a group that was Oh gotcha. Among that entire school. YOU. DON. Gotcha. you know, discount the other lives. Exactly. But, and then supposedly it was somebody on the manifest that wasn't supposed to be there. Also So I don't see how in 2024 that could really happen on the airplane.


That's hard to do. That just happened with fucking Idris el elbow on the plane. Really? He talking about the show man You see space. He was like really? I'm like yo, you're idiot. So yo, That's hilarious. I don know how to be serious. I like a good conspiracy theory though. I did not tune into Donald Trump on spaces. I watched it. I did, I listened. It was a mess but whatever. How long was he up there? Couple Hours. Yeah. You listed the whole thing. I did. They couldn't get it. The audio working at first it was crashing. it called It worked. Eventually Called. Huh? They call me now. I'm not in there. He said there was attack on the, That was funny. There was a virus and there was attack.


He said it was a DOS attack. Which is hilarious because if it, those who know know if it's a DOS attack, twitter's not gonna work. You can't just attack spaces. So like he was like dog what are you talking about? Like that that shit will knock your whole server or your whole website. Or maybe it was maybe he found a way to, you know, nigga was just talking man. Huh. Alright. It is time for my favorite Part of the Show again. Come on, come on, come on, come on. You supposed play. Welcome I. gotta zoom on me back. Yo. Prize. You supposed Play welcome back music. Yeah, you supposed to give us some welcome back man. I don't know if that's approved in my contract with PrizePicks.


Start playing some mace. don don't want to just start playing Mace in my contractual agreement. Shout to Mace


PrizePicks number one daily fantasy sports app. You already know the vibes and we bike and we are biking because we are back. You can sign up today and get $50 instantly. When, you play $5, you don't even need to win. Ooh yo PrizePicks. Hey we gotta go to dinner PrizePicks. We got, we gotta go to have a I. gotta get some chicken nuggets with y'all man. Yeah, you do not need to win to receive your $50 bonus. It is guaranteed One Caleb Williams passing yard gets you one win on PrizePicks every week in September. Be careful with that 'cause he is bumming it up in preseasons. He go get sorry he gonna Get a Yard. I hope he does. He got some weapons over There. I hope he does some weapons. That's how my fantasy draft gets fucked every year. Some weapons. That's right. Only one yard gets you an automatic win every football weekend in September. Four week of free Ws. Don't miss the deal on PrizePicks now because it's gone when September ends. Also I've got Patrick Mahomes for more than 4,300 pass yards. I got Aaron Rogers for more than 3,750 pass yards. I got Tyreek Hill for more than 1,376 receiving yards and Saquon Barkley for more than 1050. Oh yeah. I can't wait to do this yards. I can't wait to do the season Season. So it should be a really fun season in football. Sign up for PrizePicks today. Don't forget to use promo code JBP and run your game. Good luck now.


Jonathan Majors. We do. Speaking of PrizePicks, Jonathan Majors Megan, Megan Goodes prize pick. Aw Went on stage at the Hollywood Unlocked slash Zeus Awards. I see You Can go and received an award and he went up there and did a whole bunch of crying and he looked at Megan Good in the audience and she was crying too. You're so in love. We're gonna cry about It. Oh my God. I hate that. Yo, I absolute yo. I hate y'all girls. I'm not talking about nobody. This thought was just inspired. I hate y'all girls that really like the dope boys.


Really like the niggas with some rough around the edges. The scammers niggas live a particular lifestyle, put their gun on a dresser before they beat it down. Y'all like them but because y'all fuck with too many of them and Got it bad now everybody you date gotta be a pastor. I'm seeing a growing community of that. Some of y'all have been out long enough and I've been watching for more than 20 years. I know the nigga that you like versus the nigga that you trying to lay up with. Y'all laying up with these church niggas and y'all like toxic dick cast You right? No you are. It's a you. you right. There's a couple things with he Gardens in his spare time, you Need to see the jalapenos we got in the backyard.


you right. But your pussy wasn't good enough to get the street nigga in shape to get the street nigga to act correctly. So now in your later years we dating fucking the virgins and the pastors and people with no criminal record. The clean guys. Oh brother, I hate y'all. It is a It is the, it's a front, it's a farce. I, I disagree but this is the Ru Russell Wilson Sierra argument again. And a lot of times they grow out of that shit. I was about To say, isn't it possible? Yeah you grow out of that shit. I've done that. It is just, It is no Different. You no longer find that toxic shit attractive. Or sometimes the nigga that been dating the dating the hoes and then you get tired of the hoes because it ain't, I ain't never got nowhere with the hoes.


Let me go get some quality Yo. I ain't gonna lie. I don want to hear no more about Russell Wilson and CI either Y'all U people use that too much as an example of some shit. That's mythology. What street. So you're saying he's the exception to the rules. What street niggas do We know CI to have dealt with outside of future 50 50? That's it. That's But I'm not saying Niggas else. Those are two really Fucking examples else wasn't, I wasn't saying That is future. I wasn't saying street niggas. Huh? don don't know what future is. I wasn't saying street nigga And don don't remember CI 50. It was the, it was the con that happened. I'm not saying street niggas, it was just a contrasting personality. Contrasting person move the word street nigga she appeared at one point to date this type of guy.


True. Russell Wilson is the exact opposite of that type of guy. That's where that argument still makes sense. All of that can be true. Now let me ask you a question. Shoot I think that is one example before y'all start with the bullshit. That is possible however is it also a possibility that you like this particular type of person And got dog, This is what your person is Sack that person's Forcing yourself to go across the tracks. Because like Joe said, you can't stop these niggas from being who they are. You really like this but they won't become faithful. They you ain't have it in them to they done check, check the couple boxes, but not all of them.


Yeah. When you back to that shit again. Are you of the belief that your type can change? Absolutely. Yes. Okay. You can or You can outgrow your type. Absolutely. I think, I think you everything can change. Growth in maturity kind of It is possible leads to change nigga If you sit there and keep going through the same shit at, at some point you are the problem To find insanity. Yeah, you are the problem. I keep dealing With the same type of people over and over and over getting the same result that at Some point I'm gonna say it called maybe it's me to keep dealing with this. All right let me try something different. Oh. Shit, I tried something different and I like this. I would've never known. But When, you tried something different and it don't work. But. yeah that's different. Did you all fucked up in the game? Did you really like it or did you see It's the, yeah. Did you Really like that did or are you forcing yourself to submit to?


So let's something that you don't really like Or let's go is yeah mute up Mel because it's a possibility. Shit articulate for others right now. Oh did you do self evaluat? Say you articulate for others We just shut the fuck up. I'm letting him talk. No, because it's a possibility you might have just outgrew that certain shit. Like shit that we did when we was young. don don't wanna be standing on nobody couch in the club. I'm just saying That is it that? But it could also be, yo, I really ain't happy over here neither. But this the safe nigga. But a lot of women do. A lot of women say that. They say that I was I I went to go get the good nigga 'cause all the street niggas was just bitches out. Women out here that say that nigga real Is not all us street. Not us. All the street niggas is out here having a slice. Alright. Fucking Everything moving Married, having a fucking blast. I'm married When. you bitches come and try to ruin the slice.


Yeah. So now y'all come over there, y'all get that good slice for six to eight months, maybe a year, maybe a little more if you having a real good time and then Oh, oh, oh. The nigga I love did some shit to me. Shut that fuck up. Why Does this, why does This shit apply to the street nigga side of the argument? Not the nigga that chased holes. Thank you That they just appeared. What I'm just saying. These ho was running laps around these niggas too. Yeah. And they couldn't get them to calm down to stop going back to they boyfriends getting dicked by Raheem. He coming back digging it down, digging it down Nigga. So now you Go get So. I can You, You can go get sour too. I can answer you answer him. I can answer. You Answer him. He Waiting as someone that loves hoes.


We all love hoes Still. Or you? We have love. I Love a hoes I don. Me and my girl love hoes. Oh yeah. Get you shit. Old love hos my fault. Get Your shit old. Know what happens. When you love hos and you venture on and get the girl that's cooking with the apron ands got a good job. She helping with your corporate financial know what happens. What you guys have hos on the side. You don't stop. Wacking a fucking hose talk yo. You got ho and at the fuck up nigga please. I'm tired of you with all This shit. You got holes on the side. Hey so they don't keep the street nigga on the side. They start fucking pretending I broke the mic. No that's not That's tell me. Tell me. But with you. I hate ice shut the act had hoes guys.


Damn nigga. Yo. Yo. That nigga y'all have ho Trying to talk. Who Y have ho? I don't no hos. I don't have nothing. Wait, Wait, what was your question? Yo. I said do they have hoes? Why would you ask yo have hoes them everybody yo listen. No. Okay. Everybody in here got hos. don don't know. No they don't. Whoa. Whether we acknowledge them or not then they not my hoes. If they, if I don't acknowledge 'em, I, I couldn't disagree more. I don't have no hoes. I don't have no holes. Acknowledge I. don. They not My hoes break up. They not, they not mine. They not mine today. No, you trying not your shit on us. They not mine. You can my Oh Shit. I don't have holes. Listen. None neither. I don't want you to get defensive. It's not Listen, listen to me.


No, hold on. Time out. Wait, wait real quick. Now I'm gonna listen to you. Everybody in here can raise they voice. I am not getting defensive. I wanna be clear there. I'm not def defend. There's nothing for me to defend. I'm not talking about about you raising. I love When. you raised well you just said I don't want you to get defensive. You and don don't like, I don't like that narrative part that I'm saying anytime. I'm talking back. It is defensive. It is not not, Hey I know that y'all have holes is what I'm saying. I'm saying you don't have to defend that. I'm defending the premise of my argument, which is even if you don't acknowledge your hoes, which I try to do every day of my religion. Nah, come on man. Ain't nobody want me man. Chilling. I do it all the time. I'm not saying none of that. That's that's different. I'm selling y'all. That's different that don don't I.


don saying somebody don't want YOU DON. I don't think It is no don don't think It is being sought after is not make that. Don't make them give your ho. Yeah that's different Joe. That's true. That's true. That just means you in demand. Exactly. Yeah. If you in demand and you have hoes, whether you want to ability to get holes is not having holes, you have to acknowledge you right. Ice. You're exactly right. No you niggas is crazy. YOU. DON crazy. Y'all don't think now y'all don't think there's a such thing as a reserve tank for holes. Yes, That is. But you gotta put the holes in. It is That is my direct question to y'all. Yeah. I hate these niggas. I hate it. Your girl listening. I know mine too. You guys, there is a reserve tank for ho.


If anybody in here break up in the next five minutes, shit going get shaken in five minutes. What the fuck y'all talking about? No. What the I don do your thing man. Don don look around the holy shit. Yo shit gonna get shaken. Yo. This niggas right now that if they break up with they chick, there's going to be somber mood and Luther Vro something sad in there. Be Jeffrey Osborne sags on.


Yes. Today You can cry. Nobody It is on that list. That's not true. That's not true. That's not true. That's not true. That's what fuck are you talking y'all right about. I'm wrong. That's not, I'm saying I'm wrong. Y'all are right. But that's one. But look, look, listen. You can be sad and still at home. You can still be sad. That person and Joe, them girls that went and got past the John Little dusty Tariq still Fucking them. Tariq got 14 inch Dick, they still running back to him too. He just can't, you think That is, he just Can't afford a house in Connecticut. So Megan Good is getting Dicked down by somebody else other than Jonathan Makers. I'm not don don't know anything about Megan Good or Their business. So every situ in every situation when shes gone with the good guy, she has the bad boy.


you know, in her back pocket still fucking her fucking in every situation. That's what you're basically saying. I'm not saying any of that. You are saying that. You not putting that in My mind. No, no. Correct me because that's what it sounds like. You're saying I gotta be in Joe said that the difference in Isis scenario and the male scenario. 'cause Joe said the men, the men and the Isis saying the women are doing the same thing. We not we we not calling her. It's not. Yeah and So I, it's everybody. So Joe said the men got still got holes. And I'm saying the women still got, You're saying the women still have those holes still Got holes. So Don don Dunno that to be true. You said Little dusty TQ is still fucking her. We saying well what I'm saying and it sound like Joe's saying, he said if anybody in here breaks up, then yeah of course niggas can go and Get home in a hurry.


And our girls need to know it. Motherfucker. Hey, hey girlfriends listen up. Yo, yo yo my nigga, nigga fuck up nigga girlfriends and why if I get left, I'm sad. Listen to this sad Nigga So I talking shit talking them Niggas is waiting on them girls pages too. Waiting to see for that nigga to picture to come off Waiting For that nigga picture to come Off. I'm talking shit. That is access To the holes that don't make That person. You know what this is reminding me of? This is reminding me of, and we can move on from this 'cause I'm just talking some shit.


But this is reminding me of our talk that we had at the, at the whole pod. Are you in competition? Even if you're not in competition? This is reminding me of that. I'm saying I think you have hoes. Even if you don't have hoes, the ability to pick up a hole at the drop of a dime, nigga you got 'em whether you wanna acknowledge them or not. That's what I'm saying. The same way the guy that's in that's not in competition is in a competition whether you know it or not. Because somebody is competing with him. He don't have to acknowledge that. That's my final point. I'm open for disagreements. Yeah, but I didn't think it was serious enough for us to fight. It was just funny. No, no, no. That's funny. I And that's all I got. I see you lot nigga. I disagree. Tell your wife right now nigga. What's up? What's up? You getting my nigga?


What's up? you right, now's up. Hey, what's girl girlfriend? You always do shit, say shit and say you joking nigga. You put your, your voice too powerful to be joking. The shit you saying is not a joke nigga. The fuck. Even if nigga got hoes on reserve, you can't say that nigga who the fuck you talking to? Niggas gotta acknowledge that these are our hoes. If, if the bitch is not acknowledged to be our ho, she's just ahoe on reserve. That's looking for any nigga. Alright. As a lit. My final question. No, That's good bitch. Get that nigga Promise. I promise you bitch Me down nigga. I promise you That is my final question. When y'all girls slash wives push up on y'all with these premises about the imaginary holes that nobody has, how do you play that?


Do you say, I don't have, there's no ho I can't get hoes. There's over, I'm you the love of my life. This is where I wanna be for the rest of my life. This not girl that life is over. I wouldn't Even doesn't exist. Are y'all even being accused Of that way now? I wouldn't even, yeah, I wouldn't even insult my girl like that. My girl know that if I happen to break up with My girl that I could go s go go. That is Yeah. Miss fucking G, capital G nigga. What's wrong? Get your call back. Nigga thought you fell off that that trip. When. you spent that 40 KI thought you was off but now you back. Hold up man.


Yeah, It is What's up I don. What's up my man? What's up everybody good? Everybody good here? Flipping, making sure everybody's good here. I don. Possible I made that number up. Mel, you seem bothered by this And and skinny. What size of the fence? You yo Joe. That fucked, bothered and oh, stop it. Okay, Stop. It Is up man. What side of offense are you on This? No disrespect. Like are you on the Yeah. Disagree with Joe. She does. I do. She does. I 1000% disagree. Okay, I wanna hear. And also the conversation was centered around women and you know, them being stigmatized by bad boys and shit like that when it really, I Never said That.


I didn't say nothing about No, I said the conversation was centered around the perspective of women being stigmatized and always wanting the bad boys but then settling for the pastors and shit like that. The conversation did not really include with, without a, you know, with the exception of a brief mention of the fact that men experienced this too when they chase the ho and can't convert them and shit like that. So Absolutely. Honestly I was really kind of left out of the conversation, so I'm Just gonna Say that because the niggas will try to turn the, bring them in the house. don don't wanna be in the house. They wanna roam the streets. I can't Album was looking for a ho. He was left out the conversation. Right. The ho I mean The hoe ended up being a hoe. This Oh Shit the camera.


Yeah, That's it. I love this lady One Beath. I'm just saying they go across the one be heath cliff man. You can me. Let's hear Jonathan Majors. Joe, Jonathan Majors. Oh Man. Oh my God. Me God. So. I love you. Oh, I love you Beyond all limit with all my strength, with all my heart. I love you. I'm supposed to be the toughest strong When. you done carried me so, so, so, so many nights. I paused it for a second. This shit should have hit if he was Kang. Yeah. You know what's so crazy? No, no, no. Hold on. He was gang still because he, because he lost. I about to say he gang like a motherfucker's gang.


No, because he going, he's, and the Oscar goes too. He's trying to get that. He's trying to go cater to the black movies. He's trying to like we we get what he's trying to. No He ain. No he not. That is not. No Y'all listen to the wording back black Love back. Bring it back. Bring it back. Bring it back. Liquid means show Black love nigga. Liquid means rewind. Gunshot means let's go Watch. I love you beyond. I love you beyond all Limit. Nobody talk Tyler Perry movie. You heard nigga? Yeah did sound like a slave. What Tyler Perry movie. You heard saying that he sound like Harry Tub my nigga. Damn. And Mary Peace. Mary Jane loved without a limit.


That nigga sound like what's Nigga. Come on. He's pressing play help Down nigga. I'm pressing play. He Sound like a slave nigga. That's my man. Wow. Keep going. He look Like go ahead. You accept this award like you're trying to free the slave. Yeah. Oh Jem. Oh my heart. I love you Oh. Shit That don't, this don't have nothing to do dog it from around here. Now hey, this don't have nothing to do with, I'm just what? Kind A little bit. But aunt your mama syrup, if you Miss It is, is what's the name. Now We know that you said that. You said that. We Talked about that. Okay. I forgotten. Do your memories really fucked. You good the other day I went and got me some Pearl Miller Day.


Day one Pearl Miller. Hey day one sometimes, sometimes you leave racism alone. Like aunt your mama was fine. I ain't had no problem with aunt. Your mama Uncle Ben Too. Hey, some racism ain't as bad as y'all make it out to be. I bought that Pearl Miller shit a lot of it too. Pearl milling. Huh? Pearl Mill, mill, mill. Whatever It is. I bought it because I know that's Mima Percy Miller fucking No I ain't my master beat John Rob me nigga about Masterpiece sir. Fuck yeah. Okay. Alright. Back to Jonathan Major. Oh Man. I'm supposed to be the toughest strong When you done carried me so, so, so, so many nights. What You doing around here? Massive. But why he say he is supposed to be the toughest and strongest like we've seen him be tough and nigga cre.


Yeah man, nigga booked ass from that Suburban. What the fuck y'all talking about? Boy, that's tough. That that, Hey, Hey, that, that, that nigga was Noah. Noah, Lowes, whatever his name is from that Suburban. Yo. Hey look, the toughest at all It is ain't that white woman grabbing in my body? Lapel. Hey look, I'm trying to, that nigga sound like he is in movie in rare acting form. So you don't think that that's genuine. This nigga look like him Raisin in the sun. I just, I just throw into the kitchen. I had Toin in the, into the he can you just, just go shock Her.


Let me rewind that. No, he cut the tears off and started making a junky jump. Oh nope. Cock you back. I love you. He sound like Ish. What the fuck is this nigga? What up with this nigga? Y'all I love you. He Broke. He ain't got no homies or nothing? No, no. Like family. Yo. His PR team, whoever his PR team is, we gotta sit down with them niggas. Nah, they working fine. They are. They're trying to. They trying to black love though. Through, The Fire. That white lady Through The Fire. Worst Take, Take that. Take the Distinguished panel.


Oh man. Hey, speaking of that, I'm gonna ask you a question after that. Oh please. Yeah. Alright man. My question is just to y'all, how do Y and Male had a question? You had a question? No I didn't. Before this clip played, you were asking Ish or Ice or somebody on that couch if we think that he's being sincere or not. Oh yeah, I was ask. I asked Ish. I mean do you think that he is being Sincere? We all appear in a funny time. Yeah, but I can't speak to his sincerity or his love for the young lady. I just know that shit sounds like a Oscar worthy I think perform. He is a S He could be. He could be. But like you said, he is a trained professional. Princeton, I saw his previous work. Yeah. Oh he got all A's.


Yeah thats what, and that was a set thats yeah, that's, you thought he said lesbians like all that. You seen his previous work as in movies? No or no? No. Oh, the work. The Work. He's sincere. Megan got fired. Yeah that Speech was like 17 minutes. Oh you saying that he got the gold medal for mid, mid. He got gold, Got the gold medal for talking Black. Now he got that 7,000 Pound we he had, he had blacks. So now he got purple haze. Nigga fuck take This shit black to black. Yo. Remember when nigga throw chocolate was lit. Nigga throw chocolate was lit. Said Pep Nigga came out with chocolate Oh Shit Chocolate lit.


Oh Shit Chocolate was nigga, old nigga. And it used to Smell like chocolate. It did. It used to be a lot of fake chocolate though. Exactly. Nigga used Smell. There wasn't, there was niggas wasn't able to get the real chocolate shit. Niggas to spraying make shit. Yeah. Yo, that era Weed where the bags just had like St strawberries and shit. Hey weed Came up man. They did We up Thought the burn the nigga. Yeah. Like You see the packaging they using now. Oh yeah. Niggas are getting Ge, the nigga Machines. The niggas around here is printing that shit out in ge. I can, that's, well I'm not talking about y'all Mel. You think he's sincere? Absolutely. Why? Based on what?


Oh Shit, somebody hopped on the back end again. I'm not, I am not. You I don talking to the Parks. You good? I swear me Parks here. I can see Why. I can see why people would say that looks performative and the fact that he's an actor. So people don't have this ability to say, okay, well is he acting or is he being sincere right now? But I think that he genuinely feels love for Megan. Good for holding him down during like the worst time in his life. No. What The fuck, what size is those heels? Whatever those we, because every time you wear 'em shit you When, you get into a different band. What size is Those? I've never worn these before. By the way. The male is Queen Wedge. Yeah. What? Yeah. What size is those highs? Male ain't gonna play with some wedges at all. They're like, they're like five. That's like a six, five and a half inches.


Okay. Just You should Have asked this mental note. I should ask you. You wore, You see the wedges nigga respect? Yeah. So I think he's being sincere. I do. But you didn't tell me why. You just told me why the people may think he's not sincere. No, I said because I feel like he's, he's talked about it numerous times, like how she's held him down and he's just, and he loves her for it. That's why I think he's being sincere. Oh. So do you see to the fact, can you, have you done research to see how, how much, How can I do research on their relationship? They only let us Know. I mean talking about like pictures and stuff. Do you, does it seem like she's holding him down now? They look extremely happy. You think she So I? You think she's faithful? So what's the name? Coach Dur.


You think he's faithful? Yes. So you take back your statement. When, you said that it was too soon. When he jumped back the callback, did you just take it Back? No, I don't. So, okay, so she like YSL Woody. She holding him down. She's holding him Down. Gotcha. You. Yeah, she's holding him down. And the Michael Ely situation doesn't change your thoughts on the way she's holding him down at all? Nope. Okay. Shout the madox. Nope. Not at all. Put a timetable on a relationship. Pause. Speaking of that Part isn't, according to that forever. I gotta take shot the con. Ask yourself the same question timetable on their relationship. I Think the, His career picks up and he drops her by The second Marvel movie is over.


Maybe before that. You think that Marvel's taking him back? Absolutely. Really? And I think if he does one successful Marvel movie, Then she's outta here Cur curtains close in the F. Yeah. Do you think that you're cynical? No, I think I'm a realist. I gotta, holy shit. Network is falling apart. Literally. Does Anybody, does anybody else think the same way? It is just that it's that this is a Shortlived situation and his, his career picks up and she's outta here. Anybody else think that way? I just think, I don't think it's got nothing to do with the career. don don't think it either. I was playing but I think it's a short-lived relationship.


Okay. don? Don't think it's a real relationship. I think it's a A PR stunt. Yeah. It's a PR relationship For him or her or both? Mutually beneficial. Really? Absolutely. If he gets back to good graces, she's the one who held him down through everything and she's, if he's back a list and she's right there on his arm, what does that do for her? Cachet. That's a great investment to make. If you're her good boy, I don't really, that will pay off. I kind of don't see it. That like being mutually beneficial. I see it being very beneficial for him. For her, not so much. Okay. So you held him down and what DON Don't think the visit, what Is the, hold on, what does that give you?


I'm trying to answer your question. You don't think the visibility that she's being given now has increased tenfold just from being with him? Well how has that served her? Is she being, is she, is she on the phone with Martin Scorsese? We don't know yet. With David Fincher. Are they calling her? No. The last movie she did was Tyler Perry. So Yo, y'all got smoke? No, not at all. I'm just Mel called it. I'm shocked that Mel is even having This cake. Yeah. Now leave Mel alone. Have it Mel called It to black Julia Roberts eight months ago, nine Months ago. No. Wait, wait. Whoa, whoa. Everybody freaked the fuck out and did not understand what I was trying to say. I was talking about her likability factor. That was all. And the fact that she's considered like a sweetheart.


Gotcha. Everybody likes her. That was what I was taught. I wasn't talking about acting talent. I wasn't talking about Alien. I wasn't talking about that. No. Listen. So that was all I was Talking about. So that now this adds to that. That you held this black man down and the time of need when the world turned they back on him. You are gonna get looked at with some reverence. Okay? I'm not shooting at You. She don't stand with that. You get what I'm saying? I'm not Shooting at You can't. I just can't see a single 'cause she benefit because I can't. No, I can't really see an a single example as to where That is actually worked out for a woman ever. Ever. Because Mel been around men. Mel been around Alist, ALIST. It has nothing to do with you Still had her own path, nigga that put some respect. She still, she's speaking from experience. She had her own path. Are you, are you shooting? I'm never. Are you fucking shooting? Never. Because you, you still your own talking.


I seen niggas double back. Nigga you still on your own nigga. You had your own path. And I'm tired of that. Niggas playing around with my sister nigga. Wait, who? She don't need to stand next to them nigga. And be, and and and her cache ain't go up 'cause she Melyssa Ford. She is the cache nigga. And sometimes you gotta clear the cache. That little button you press Cookies outta Here. You gotta get all that shit history of cache Clear that shit out. Parks. It's cash. Actually with that it's cash. Sean Con didn't, she didn't own the record through the Y because how did she sign off on Kanye doing it but not end up liking it? His record that she, that he did, if you understand what I'm saying? The sample. The sample. 'cause she didn't like what he did to the record because Oh that shit been on my mom. I meant to ask you that. Like that means that she didn't own the lyrics.


That means somebody else wrote it. I'm not sure who wrote that song to be honest with you. But Because she said she hates it, she hated Kanye's version. Some samples are clear prior to hearing the final version. Right. That's sometimes. Sometimes that happens and yeah, depending. Yeah, she might not own the publishing. don don't know I don know the details of The case. I just wanted to see the other alternative options. That's all. Yeah, don don't know the details. Do the final. Okay. Can't get That. He's gonna make that a drop. So easy to get the audience to clap. Look who the audience clap for. Nigga Black. You up there crying, Joe Through. The, Fire. Just just so we clear, you know what award show that was, right?


Hollywood Unlocked It Is VER and Zeus Awards. So you saying look what the audience clapped for what you think was in the audience. They clapped for Zeus And I'm a Zeus fan. So I know. I'm surprised you weren't there. Yeah, I ain't know about this. I'm kind of tight but I'm boycotting that award show to Mel for Get Hollywood Unlocked Award. I did. She did A the same award the was awarded. She was The first one to get award. We talked about this. Huh? Because this award was, this award Show was, I'm not the one then This Nigga was done. I'm Boycotting till she get two. Hey, what y'all think Mel Mel reaction would be if a love interest hers get on stage and start singing Through The Fire to her while she in the audience crying.


Just Like Megan. Yeah. She gonna Cry just like Megan. She want Waterworks. Yeah. Megan got a grape street nigga on the side. The fuck y'all talking about? Y'all get on this spot and just be talking. You think You can tell when somebody cheat? You think that like there's a look. Ask that last I I was asking and we can move. It ain't to stump the room. I ain't trying to. I think it depends on the person. Have You guys caught women cheating on you before? What? Real question. Don't I'm not, Don't get offended. Yes. For me, yes. Okay. How Did you, how did you catch them Patterns? The pattern changes. It was a consistent thing.


My male intuition. My male Intuition. My mail intuition. No, because I was having a conversation with my, with a guy friend over the weekend and he was saying that y'all like that women are way sneakier than men. That men are not sneaky at all. And that's, he's dumb. That's a lie. He's Dumb. I thought he was full of shit too. It's a lie. He is dumb. Well why that said a lot of times It is because, well today We know to be otherwise, but niggas wasn't really, a lot of niggas ain't going through your phone looking through all This shit. The niggas want don't want you to get caught. So a lot of times niggas get caught 'cause the woman tells the nigga not telling, I'm getting the side goods. I'm not telling I want you to stay with your man. don don't want y'all to break up.


Why would I go holler at your husband and tell him what's going on behind closed doors? Women are pick up you up. Women pick, pick up the phone and call your girl. Or women will pick up the phone and call the other woman and say, I'm just coming to you as a woman. Whatever the fuck that phrase was. Women are more sneaky than men. That That is true but Successfully sneaky. It's not true. Women are more sneaky than men. But also I allow it have To be You can still catch them. Yeah. It's Pat If You, if you, you, I mean Every, everybody couldn't get caught. You put the iPad in the trunk and you, you know. Yeah. Don't exhibit a behavior with me that you're not able to maintain. You Used to come on at Six Now you coming home at eight 30.


True patterns, nigga. Listen patterns. If the pattern go off and you know, then I notice it. A lot of women tell that's how a lot of niggas get caught. Mm. So it don't necessarily be shit. But niggas be we, we be sloppy too. I think kids super sloppy I think that once you get comfortable you're gonna be sloppy. You think they don't get sloppy too. It's a lot of it's ego too. Yeah. A lot of niggas think my girl ain't gonna never do that. Go. That's it. That's true. A lot of niggas. That's true. My girl, not my baby not. Yep. Anybody. It can happen to anybody. It can happen nigga. But it's the ego you right. So because you're not even thinking she would do it. That's true. You not looking. You not not looking, you not questioning. You just believe in everything because nah, my girl wouldn't do that. No. She went to Miami with Keisha and them for the girls.


Keisha hoe. I know Keisha hoe, but she my girl, my girl, my girl wouldn't get down like that. Mel. Would you consider yourself a good cheater? Yes. In the past When I have cheated. I was very successful at it. Got it. There was no trick. That was just the end of my question. Okay. Yeah. Not I'm proud of disclaim. You said, well man you Said not something I'm proud of. Girl, girl, what else? What else, what else, what else? There is a Wale tour. Yes. It is New York. October 5th I will be there because Wale brings out the earthy ones.


He does, He does. And he's dropping a new album. And I, I can just tell by the, the password for the presale is album eight. Like I see what you're doing. Well hey, I'm coming to that show. Yeah, yeah. I'm coming to that show. I will be there. Huh? I tell you off Mic. What you going with your girl? Oh, I'm gonna tell you something different. Oh. Think I'm going alone. Think You can make some money off of Waley Sean Beef. No, Not like the money. He Not the money I need. Gotcha. If that were the case, I've been here Better Up. Might've been calling. Wally ate it. Y'all nigga heard This shit. Sean said I think it's about you. I wanna instigate some shit.


I do. That shit work too. The Last time I wanna instigate some shit with you. Oh, with me? Me? Yeah. Me. and you Okay right Now? Not really. Did you, did, did you get your new vehicle yet? I was thinking about you this weekend. I didn't, I didn't get anything to While you Were driving around in your Lamborghini. Nah, I was just thinking about, Oh that's why he got the, Lemme get ahead of this. You smart. You copying me now Joe. Oh did you? You trying to battle horses? No, no, No. I didn't fucked up. Oh, you going to Don don't think that's for public broadcast. Oh, Okay. Gotcha. You are you gonna tell me what Is it for?


It is just an ego purchase. Yeah. You can try shit on these roads. Can. Nah. But you was so confident. Like you was so like When I. I listened to you was so sure nigga like I here lock it in. Watch that Curry shoot the three from over there. Yeah, Because I Can fuck You can. Hey you did it in front of us. Same Shit. I don't need that vehicle. I like Park said, I think the roads out here are That would be a thing with or something Like that. I don really drive. It ain't going be a whole bunch of mouths on it. I don't need it. I would rather have but other niggas in my, in my parking area playing With you. Yeah. I feel like, but see so is that my ego or they ego? you know my nigga. But It is my ego to recognize that they playing with me.


Let me, Are they playing with you? Not think they're playing. Think about you. You aren't saying that. They playing with you. Think About wait, hold up a minute. That's a statement though. Why you not Nigga? Why you not thinking about me? Because I had these four. Because I had these four cards before I knew you existed. It is A third one. It is one nigga. You gotta guess what Car It is. It is a cover. That shit been covered for like 18 months. You don't go peak. No, He peaked. He definitely peeked. No I did not. You better not. I peak. You better not. You peek. You should. Yeah. I'm gonna pee. Who's I'm, I'm gonna lift up just by the Wheel bitch. Whatever. Bullet a car fan. I'm a bullet come from under the car and pop Your Little white hand off. Nah, he got a rry up under there.


Who's the who? Who's the lit? You ain't even gotta peak the shape of This shit. That is just letting you know. That's either the Batmobile, MCC Could be Mcclar, right? Yeah, it could be. Could be some other. Who's the littlest neighbor? Ah, that ain't me one. The cars? Yeah. In the car tip. Yeah. Who's the little like what's the little shit reason why I don that nigga don don't like that. don don't like that example because your old neighbor was playing with you who crazy. He wasn't playing. Yes he was. He wasn't. He Wasn't playing. Yes he was. No, I'm talking about what Joe said. Yeah. He wasn't playing like he, That was something different. That nigga, that nigga That ain't make you jump out the window. So Fuck. Because that was his real life. Yeah, he was dead ass. That's When I. That's what I'm saying. These other niggas was playing. No, that nigga was throwing it in your face. Paul like Yeah that nigga. I'm gonna park this One over here.


Look, I'm gonna park these two right here. DON don't know what's in the garage. And I got one Right across and I'm gonna have my 16-year-old daughter fucking just pull out the Cullen in for a drive. Drive to Walgreens, Oh, Shit. Let me tell y'all, school is in session in some areas of the country. Yeah, yeah. There is a hashtag out there that says First day of school and I clicked it. Oh man. Oh Hey, when will we as parents learn how to dress our kids for the first day of school? These young kids out there with legs, stomach, arms, arm, leg, leg, arm, head showing, showing visible.


They wearing lace. Bro. I say it every day in Wawa Ish. Yo, your point of reference has to stop me. No, I Don't because that's like, that's somewhere that I go where it's a lot of people. I don't really, you know that's where it goes Back to touch you. The flag inter Yo That Wawa, Hey listen in the big Wawa, The of diversity. Yeah, exactly. It's the intersection of diversity. There we go. It's like Target. You got 'em like it's all walks of life. Do like Target these kids be in there. It Is not like that. Yes. It is shoot, It is. No it's not. No It's not Ish. No it's not. How you know and how you know you go sometimes, but you be in the hood.


don don't be in the hood. When. I go to Wawa. Yo. You Keep saying oh you be in, you gotta be in the hood to be the Wawa. I didn't Say that. I Said right there. It is the caucus. I said the hood, the Wawa ice goal. So I don't even go to the Wawa in the hood. The W how you know, explain. Explain the Wawa reference. What I'm saying is when When I go to Wawa, it's everybody. 'cause the Wawa by my crib. You spend a lot of Time Wawa. I go three, four times a day. No, but It sounds like you stay there for a little while. No, I'm going three, four times a day. Do some analysis. You got credit W reference for like poor people. I told you People Common These little, no, I'm talking about wealthy young kids. These little kids. So you live in a wealthy area is what you're saying. I'm right there. But these, the kids be coming in there with little ass shorts with like this much cheek hanging out the bottom of the short.


You like, yo, what the fuck? 13, 14-year-old girls dog. We fucked up out here. Like I'm dead ass serious. I'd be like, yo. And I got two daughters. This is some bullshit where we are real quick. You got credit at Wawa, You got the Wawa credit. You do got the Wawa credit card Though. Niggas let me go like, yo. That's why you Nice. What happened to the fucking good old days? Yeah, y'all where you went to school and whatever your mom or parents put you in and then you changed When. you got to School, you, you had This shit rolled up in your book bag. True. They don't do that. No. Now they just going in whatever the fuck they wanna go in. Yeah. Your grandmother is 40. 40. Alright. All right. Look, society is doomed bro. Yo, you could be motherfucking PopPop right now.


I better not be. That's What I'm saying. You could have been PopPop. We talked about it too. For six, seven years. You could have been PopPop Chad, the tray. you know what I mean? So poor baby Man. Hey dad's out there man. Guard your fucking guard, your fucking sons. Did you speak these little hot little girls? Did you speak to them speaking about it? I spoke to him. Have to speak to him some more. Yeah, He need to, Trey not listen. Right? He need a couple talking tools. Try To train. Well my opinion is gonna change if that young lady is not 29. If she's 26, my opinion's gonna change. Crazy. Yeah, mine don't. Mine don't. Ease, don't My Well this conversation is not out yet. Got it. So wait, wait.


That's for our future Patreon, where we discuss the, the models bagging our our Babies. Pride and joy. What else? What else? Sky, Jackson, Skyjack tossing it to our expert, big mouth. Skyjack and her fiance, I believe they were at Universals Studios and they had a little scuffle. Scuffle, thank you very much. And so when law enforcement showed up, they both said, there's nothing to see here. We're fine, we're happy she's pregnant, et cetera. The cops took it upon themselves to go review some security footage.


Saw that there was, Saw that thug. He's talking about Sky by the way. She's what? Oh, Snitch. No, snitch. Snitch. That snitching. I Say Nothing about Sky. Okay. Well she was the initiator of quote unquote aggression because she was physical violence. Yes. Articulated. Articulated for her. Yeah. I am empathically. Yeah. I just wanna like, yeah. Okay. So. I was gonna point out the differences in their height and weight, but I'll just let that go. Why? I'm just gonna let it go. So you Feel like, So anyways, She feel like DV should come with like height and weight Restrictions. I, that's why I didn't even bring it up. But you did bring up That's, I didn't even bring it up. She brought it up. I didn't, I didn't Do it.


Do you feel like, So I'm just gonna wrap it up. So they went ahead and charged her with misdemeanor domestic battery. That poor guy and they arrested her. Come on man. Yes. So I. Hope he is okay. So I. Hope he's surrounded by love. Love. Yeah. Honestly, I hope a circle like, you know, kind of pause. Wrap that brother in warmth man. And wrap Him in warmth. Yeah. Honestly. So Is she home? Yeah, she's home. Good. Yeah, she's home. What, What's your take on it? I mean, my take is always like, don't put your hands on people. Regardless of which angle It is, you know, re's Weight, you're regardless of you're hiding the weight.


Yeah. come on, come on, come on. There we go. But. yeah, But. yeah. No, no, no, no, no. Stand on it. No, no, no. It has nothing to do with her and what she did. Okay. My issue is why did law enforcement decide if two people are standing there saying there's nothing to see here. We're obviously in public and she's fine. I'm fine. And this is him talking. Why go view the take? Well they, how long Well, hold on. So hold on, hold on, hold on. So here's what happened. So he was covering up for her? No. So here's, he was unsafe. So chances are maybe he gave the wink. Yeah. So chances are he's not gonna show up to court, you know, as a victim. And when it comes to domestic violence. Stockton syndrome. When Parks Parks, what he, he's down to jail.


What About, so what if it was the other way around? That is exactly why. What if it was the other? What if it was the other way around and Oh my God, the woman lie and say, no, we are good. We are good. And the cops end up not looking at the footage and she ends up dying because we've seen situations like that Before. You are absolutely right. I am. I I have. Yeah, you are absolutely right. Okay. So in that circle, in that particular circumstance, I would want the cops to look at So. I. I'm just saying cop, Roll back the tape. The cops should look at the footage regardless. The, Okay. Okay. Does anybody else have an opinion on this? Since I stated nobody should put their hands on each other. Anybody else that That was your pc? I'm talking publicly. I've always, but I've always said that no matter, no matter which situation, How tall was the guy?


He's like 6 4, 6 5. And what, what was his weight? What did he weigh? He's like about like 200 pounds. What About his feelings? Poor God. don Don't know. don Don't know. I hope he is all right. Yeah. Be sad. I guess the fact That they also mentioned that she was pregnant, that there was like an emotional component to this. So DV argument. Okay. If you're pregnant, If she's pregnant Or if you're emotional. Well Hey, it was him that said it. Oh, I'm asking you, do you think DV is okay when somebody's pregnant? Like for them to be able to commit dv? I will. I will go back to my original statement of nobody should put hands on each other. That's it. That's right. Don't try to trip me up on semantics. Let's go Mel and I'm with you.


Okay. No matter what, love songs off control your temper. Glad everybody made it out unscathed. Thank God. Yeah that was, that was a hairy situation, huh? Could've been dangerous. Yeah, It coulda got hurt. Poor God. Yeah. You never know what someone's capable of. No. Especially angry. That's true. Hormonal. Hormonal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Coulda got really bad. What else? What else? What else is there? So we, we talked before about Dames shares of Rockefeller records, which owns Reasonable Doubt. Yes. Going up for auction. So now the report comes out at Jay.


Hold. Hold. Put out a little flyer. Yeah, he put, put a little something out and just go ahead and bid the bidders that if you do purchase it, it's coming home. It come. Reasonable Doubt comes back to him in 30, 20, 31, 20, 31 Or 30. Yeah. Yeah. Ho heard the Paul stepped on your shit. Hate it. He like don't even think about it Joe. Oh, don't even think about it. Oh, I was about to be down man, look at you crushing the dream. Nah, you know what he there He heard, he heard that bar you was gonna spit. He didn't want me to come back to the game. That's what it was. He didn't want me to come back to that's what it was, the Bar. Just that bar Like nah, he not getting that. You ain't getting the Rock chain. So Ho is saying all of This shit comes back to him.


So whoever purchases it has about a six year window. Make your money. But even with that six year window, you can't do anything with reasonable doubt because you only own a third. And Hove also own, well you, Well you work in coordination with Hove and, and Bigs and make some money potentially You. if you Have a really good idea, You wanna license it out somewhere or something. No, you already gonna get paid if they, if they using it, you still gonna get your 33% of whatever you are using it for currently. But you're gonna go put your bread up in an auction that starts at 1.2 million. True. To potentially get back a third of whatever the album is doing.


25. You gotta put 250,000 in order to enter. Right. Probably. Yeah. I wanna see who's gonna be dead So no the start. Well yeah, but that's what a fucking a quarter of the bid. Yeah. You probably got a 30 day depending on what their parameters are. I know. In the real estate. Do y'all think This hurts the auction? Yes. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Absolutely. Okay. Just making sure. And that's probably why the lawyer put the statement out. Absolutely. Of course. Yo dog, y'all might as well just let This shit home. Listen, send the little pod. Let This shit come home though. That we did and said a Hold remind. Yeah. Hope got that thing. Flip got where if he hear his name he gonna listen to that shit Because You gotta, yeah you got the name Searcher definitely heard This shit.


Remind Him real quick. You Got that shit Ho. And LeBron It is a good, good week last week. All O You win Again. I'm not going at auction again. You mean I wanted you to go to the auction Man again, nigga. You think he won the first time? Well I don't. He Did. Hey the same way y'all. No I'm not mad at that. But the same energy you got for me on the topic have it for our guest on the topic. Oh I'm with, hey I'm with the joke. He's Pretty tough though. Hey, I lost all, I lost yo.


The president It is tough man. Look, Can't said a word. you know. Well I guess Not here yet. I know he came out. He ain coming though. He came out the black house for you though. Huh? He ain. He ain't keep the presidential shit on. He came out and got dirty. I think you Got busy. You gotta get dirty. I think you got busy at 22. I Got. I'm with you. I think that You do. Hold on, we joke. But let's keep It a buck. You did. What the fuck you supposed to do? Thank you man. I thank you. I'm still gonna get the jokes off. Thank you. Nobody care about that. There we go. And he dusted you up? Yeah. And it gave you little reminders throughout history Sean Probably ass Nigga. Y'all watch How Blow, Hey whatever ASAP Rocky got coming for Drake. Watch how I blow it up Purpose.


Watch how I blow it up. That whole talk they was having just now. I just kept seeing rappers faces floating. Floating in front of me. I'm gonna find some niggas to instigate me before I am. Man I gotta make sure this fourth quarter, get the fourth quarter. It is Crazy. You gotta get get 40. I'm gonna make that ASAP beat. You gonna get 40 a night in the fourth quarter. Something gotta happen. Whatever ASAP got coming for Drake, I'm gassing it. I'm telling you now. Set him some bars. I wish it was somebody else I could gas in a beef outside of Drake. None of the resting shit is fun. That's what he's saying. You niggas can't even gotta get a good beef going if my name ain't in it.


Yeah, you got a point. Hey you got A point. Can't even sell It worked. Got a point. Can't get a fight in Vegas. Let's see here. First day of school, Skyjack being abusive. Wale tour coming for two minutes straight. Yo, Excuse me, my daughter in daycare two minutes straight. I got what I Got it. No it's that's a weird weird mix. Somebody, it was a his topic but I don't remember how I wrote it down. Oh we were talking about, oh It started because I, I had some of the oregano oil that Styles brought out to Styles. Yeah. And that shit is pot Intense. It's real. It's It is besides what's the shit you bring CMOs? Nah, the liquid shit.


The disgusting shit. A tote. A tote that's number one. I'm the list of all time. The Fuck is a tote. It's some organic fucking like Healthy Buckleys. That oil or oregano is strong anyway. That shit is real. But he also brought some sea moss we had, We had an oil of oregano here one time and Ice guy, his macho shit. I'm like yo only take a little bit yo that shit is real. It was ice and po. I'm like yo only take a little bit ice like man, lemme get that shit man. Gimme The drop. Nigga changed my whole droplet Under his tongue. Oh you That still here? That shoved off the balcony yo. Yeah that was bad. That shit burn your fucking lungs out. That was bad. But so we was talking about it and then Styles p and m came and dropped off some black seed oil pills, which is amazing.


Black seed is really good. And he has some sea moss pills, So I. Nate's like, yo, what are the benefits to sea moss? And so we all made a joke. I said yo it has most of the minerals in the world that you could get. It's like 90 something. And then I said if you really wanna know to Imani, 'cause you know Imani is the 69 guy that I didn't I. don know. I Know he said that. I never confirmed it. Got you. Yeah. You said I take his word. I take his word for it too. But I'm like yo, if you take the sea moss you, you probably gonna come for about two minutes. I've been taking Sea moss and I I don for a long time and It's never lasted two minutes.


That's a long time. Yeah. I don I. don know if I wanna come home. The whole sex didn't last two minutes. I love the cup. Crazy as hell. Two minutes. That, that's why I wrote it down. 'cause even if that was true, like would you want to do that For two minutes? It sounds no That is yogurt factor Outta your fucking mind nigga. You say Man, I like that's a yogurt factory. That's gross. What A yogurt factory. Two minutes a come. I've never had yogurt Still. Yeah, but lemme tell you. Yeah, you never Had yogurt in your life. I've Had my yogurt. Alright, Alright. God tasted your come you nasty nigga always got into fuck.


Called you disgust. Hear that. But anyway, expel on. Why you think that's ply? Yeah, I really, yeah. Yo, you would do it. You like piss and come. You would come for two minutes straight if you could. I. don always like pissing for two minutes. You fucking ain't right nigga. Why? Yo. You ever had a better feeling in your life than coming? Yeah. Physically. Oh, no, not. Yeah, I, Mr. Potter not physically. Tell me. Go ahead. Well some of that Molly with the Funny thing. Well that led to coming though. Physically, Physically Hard. Ain't no piss I ever had in my life compared to no nut. If that's the case, I'll be holding my pee all day, every day.


Get that feeling. Niggas just driving around with warrants. Niggas out here killing people over some. Yeah. Cummin is up there with a cold, cold Pepsi yo. Oh yeah. The cold nigga on the hot day with the, with the water drip on the side. Deal with that. Yo. No, you right. So I wouldn't do too minutes trick. But that's, I'm not nothing for two minutes, bro. Yeah. All right. Yo nigga say I'm crazy. Y'all niggas fronting. I, I'm, I'm not. I'm, I'm shocked at all. I'm not shocked that you said that, but I'm shocked that you stood on it Man. Listen, don don't think Sea Moss does that to whites. I guess You got the wrong moss.


We got the wrong moss. I gotta find some different moss. Lake Moss Purple. Oh Man. Now y That shit definitely does. It hits. What do y'all think about men? Nigga get cold. That get cold or cold? It's chilly. No, chilly. That nip like Oh. Shit. It is cold Nigga. Anybody can get cold nigga. Okay, but what do you think about 'em? What do you think about men? Nigga get cold. Toughen up nigga. That not a masculine thing. What you do? Go put a jacket on or something. Oh, I'm cold. Lemme get a sweater up. Yeah Nigga, a shawl Wrong with you. I put a hoodie Kina I'll put my fucking arms in my shirt nigga if I'm cold. Your Arms fit in your shirt. Oh. Shit. Alright. Snuffle Uff.


I mean his arms ain't big. You got a little Beatles. You saw Osa re arms, You know, Big Arms competing lecture shit. Oh Shit. Y'all Okay, Okay, okay. You old man. What you do When? you can, I don't get cold. Yeah, You do get cold Nigga. I'm a man. You Walk up Over there. I'm a man sassy as Hell to turn the Fucking eat on exactly what he does. Attitude too. Exactly What He does. Damnit Playing the fuck. Like Look at the wall Now look at you breaking shit.


Now look at you breaking shit here Man. Talk. That's That Lamborghini money. Lambo flip lamb flip. Stop it. I love, I love when niggas say that. Let me go hit my fake receipt, nigga up. Say less. you know, niggas got that. Niggas gotta hit their fake Receipt. Yo, yo dogs. I need I. gotta send them a receipt. I need an Invoice. my nigga Idiot. Shout To Joe. Joe. Crazy. Y'all are stupid, stupid. Fake receipt nigga. That shit still work, I think for, for your life. You need a fake receipt, dude. Yeah, but I don't think it works. Ah, to who? It works. But it don't To who?


No, it works. It works to, it works still When you over there, When. you need it to it. Okay, I see what you're saying. I got a fake document, nigga. Nah, I got one too. His name Chad. GPT can incriminate yourself. How long you been doing that now? End up Like the, the Backstreet Boys dude. You see where he drew the little loan? Yeah. He drew that shit. Yeah. Yeah, The hotel. He just drew a little this, He got the money, he got the million and he Got it. You talking about on the, on the shit, right? Yeah. Yeah. What was that shit called? Ron Pearlman. The, yeah, Ron Broman. He died too. Rest in peace. Yeah, he died. Scammer, scammer of the century. You say that every time we bring him up too? Lou Pearlman. Yo, he died, you know. Oh, Lou Pearlman. Yeah. Ron Perman.


I Said that's an actor. What? Speaking of shows. There's none on. Tell me, please put me on. I started Lady in The Lake. I started that and don don't know if I'm gonna keep going. What episode did you get to? Well, two one. That first episode was, I was like, don don't know what the don don't know what we got going on here. I think it's pretty, I think it's pretty deep. Is it? I'm gonna keep going. I Guess. I'm, I'm shocked that you felt like that even off the first episode. Where are you? I'm on, well, it's only six out. No, there's five out. I'm on five. Felt like a little pandering show to me, but I'm, maybe I've not given enough pandering To What Yes.


No, keep watching. Okay, cool. At least get to the end of two. Okay. By the, by the end of two. You have a good gist of what's going on. Lady in the Lake. I'm horrible at saying what shows are about, there's a murder there. How about that? How about that? Yo Who, who would've thunk In in any show I'm watching, it's a nigga dead In the first Episode. There's a murder. This show takes place in the sixties, I wanna say. Yeah, back sixties, seventies. It is, It is old school. And the families that are tied to this one is a black girl that comes from the black side of town. And another girl is a Jewish girl who comes from a Jewish, the Jewish side of things.


See, that's where I felt pry It is like, oh, we're the same. That's where I thought they were going with it. That ain't where they, okay, cool. I'll keep going. That ain't where they going. That's what it felt like. Yeah. And, and they start connecting things. That's what I can say. Without, without giving it away. Giving away the show. Gotcha. But It is pretty interesting. And the, and the Jewish lady, the running theme for her all throughout is none of the Jewish people are recognizing her as Jewish. She didn't feel, she doesn't feel Accept, accepted or appreciated. Yeah. She's beefing with the husband. Her son fucking hates her. She's chewing bump somebody Talking crazy to her. Yo. Every son, let me say this in the shows that I like Them sons, The main character's son is always a dick.


Flagrant Always a dick. And let me Ask you, talking about go get in the kitchen, ma. It's like yo white. Yeah, yeah. No, They, they white, right? Yeah. Well this family. Yeah, No, all the shows. No, no, no, No, no, no, no, No. Presumed innocent. The son wasn't, wasn't white. Well he was half, he was Mixed. Who was he talking crazy to? His black mother? Well, no to both his parents. Actually. He was just Disrespectful. I got a brain freeze you right now. But it's not just white. The white kids like the kid be a dick. Kids is Dicks. Soon they hit eight. Eight. I saw a meme the other day because nobody ever wants to admit to having a favorite kid.


Granted. But I did see a meme the other day that said, I'm not saying I have a favorite kid, but there is one that I try my best not to accidentally wake up. Hey, I let that little nigga sleep that long. That's possible. Did you see the joke I sent you? But wait, in the meme, she was taping the kid. The kid was on the other side of the stairs climbing some shit. Oh. None of them. See the joke I sent you. Yo. That's funny. Where the dude, it was a comedian and he was talking about, he's like, yo, this's my darkest joke ever. I did see that ice, that joke was even dark for me. Now I really want hear it.


That shit was, I wanna Hear what you say is too dark for you. Nah, that shit was I play What did you send it to me Instagram? On Instagram? It said Mama. What he just talking about? No ice joke was way too dark. I was like, I was taken aback this show. You put it in a group? No, no, no. I sent it straight to you. Oh me directly. Yo. My dms is lit. Oh. Somebody sent me the I. Yeah. When you miss them. I who? Three days ago I got the, I damnit I wasn't doing nothing. Looking back. Got you in trouble, right? Yeah. Yeah. Huh? You did. I hate when y'all leave me on islands, yo, nigga. Oh.


And this hat nigga hit me back. Oh, look at this. Where is ain't shit. Oh, here you go. Yeah, that nigga weighed it. I was laugh. Alright, here we go. This next joke is so dark. It made my therapist cry. So in 2018, my little brother died. He had a little heroin whoopsy Daisy. See already, man. Yo, this is way too dark. No, let him, I'm gonna let him go. I'm gonna let him go. But anything that starts like That is, I'm, I'm off, I'm off. I'm off. Whoopsy, I'm off. I'm off. I'm off. Let's go. This next joke is so dark.


It made my therapist cry. Way to go ice. No, you need help. So in 2018, my little brother died. He had a little heroin whoopsy Daisy It is funny though. The audience doesn't know what to do. That's the only way. That's funny, dude. It gets real serious. But a month later, my mother grief stricken. She took her life. And I know that's a little TMI and really not that funny. But for my little sister and my big brother and myself, that's like the worst way to find out. You are not the favorite. Oh Shit. That shit is funny, sir. Oh Shit.


I mean, And It's funny. And it was right in line what we were discussing, that comedian is Chance Race in case somebody out there wants to cancel someone. Oh Shit shit. What else? What else? Oh, Oh Shit. Before we, before we go, has anybody here seen the Joe Rogan stand up? No. I I, I watched a little bit. Yes. Somehow that doesn't surprise me. Oh Shit. It was trash. Mm. I I turned it off. You watch the whole thing. Horrible. I saw clips. No, I actually went and cut it on. And how much did you Get into it?


I might have got like 20, 25. And it wasn't, It, it became background noise at that point for me. Wow. Not, not, it just, I, maybe that's not my brand of comedy. I want to say Joe Rogan should have had Tony write some of that shit. But maybe he did. He just went up there with a bunch of shit that You, if you've ever heard his podcast, then he went up there with those talking points about bunch of conspiracy theories and aliens and presidents and Democrats. It is like, I ain't m say about it. You get a big bag from Netflix, you get a big bag. They gimme a bag. I'll go over there and talk about some bullshit too. And we Wouldn't give a fuck that nigga say, oh Joe, you seen Josu and Whack? Huh? Man, It is the big, big, big bags because that one was one of their live stream shows.


Yeah. Like that's a separate bag. Everybody don't get those. So I'm with you. Mm. I'll go up there and say all my shit. It is normal. Bag is a big, big, big, big, big bag. They are all big, big. So imagine the live stream bag. We giving you two to go live. There we go. That's all I wanted to ask. If y'all seen that shit, what were we saying? Oh, well, Post Malone. Yeah, post Malone. Post Malone came out and said that he was drinking heavily to, to cope with the fact that people were labeling him a culture vulture. Oh, posty. Once I was one of them. People initially. Postman, I'm, I fuck with Postman.


I fuck with Postman. I I turned into a fan. But, and when he first dropped the record was White Iverson. you know? I know. I wasn't, I wasn't rolling with that. Just off the title. Shit was five though. It was five. Why? You like Scarface White Iversson? It's the Iversson. Oh. You don't want, you don't like your Scarface White don don't care about Scarface. Iversson is not white. Just Checking neither Scarface. Scarface. Hey, I don't care about that. Y'all know where I stand when it comes to Ai So I. I, I just hated on it from the rip. Never gave dude a shot. And then I think it was like a second or third, second album. Maybe I listen and I was kind of, So if he'd called himself white Kobe, you would've been like, fine with that.


No White Jordan. Yeah. You wouldn't give a fuck. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't care. Fuck that. Do You not like Michael Jordan? Yeah. I, Okay. I I just think that like, I don't hold Michael Jordan today where everybody hold him today. Like I think he's been passed. But some people just refuse to let their grapes be passed. Got it, Michael Jordan job is done. If your son could order a few bumps while you're eating some watermelon, like respect Level. Every time you mention Michael, Michael Jordan and his son, I can't wait for y'all to just see dude new standup yo. 'cause he goes into that. Who's New standup? Kevin Hart It. It's, and It is one of them. It's funny, but Yeah, I I don, I just don't hold like people with, with with your greats that people feel like is number one.


They feel like that number one can never be passed or never be replaced. Okay. I'm not one of them. People I think that with time and as skill evolves and stuff like that, that number one may can be number one for that time, but not currently. Okay. So some people just don't let 'em go. Same thing with the big and Pac argument and the like. I think they've been passed by other people. But that's, that's off topic. Thanks. Yeah. I grew, I, I'm, I'm a fan of Post Malone fucked up that it led you to drinking, but niggas looked at you as a coach of Vulture and I I I the little b tweet popped up Little B of bass.


He didn't curse him. No, he didn't put a curse on him, but he said, he's like, is He a witch doctor? Better. Okay. Better than a witch doctor. That was Great. Now let us do that. Okay, Go. Please Let us just Do that. I'm just learning. Go ahead. So Lil B tweeted Post Malone is slowly turning into a white dude. He's pushing it. Give it a few years. He gonna be full country and hate blacks now minus the hate blacks post Malone did kind of go for a country. So it was spot on. Another basic guy thing that has come true. I don't think Post Malone hates blacks. Even if I don, they did catch him saying   that one time. Do they, they, when Am I speaking out my ass again?


They call Post Malone saying, nigga, no they Didn't. I ain't about to blow it up. That's my man. Now I didn't hear that. I never heard that. No, Google it. Don't, don't take my word. I'm Doing it. Trust me. I'm checking. I Was about to You be trying to push in her. I never heard that. You pulling that out. It's on your phone too. That pose is my man. don don't wanna highlight it. Oh, they, they, they did catch saying the N word in the, in the clip. It's okay. It's okay. You don't have to tense up. He's not our guest. Okay. Shout to post. Aside. Aside from that. Aside from that. Yeah. Aside from that not racist posts. We fuck with normal posts. I fuck, I still fuck with him. His, his album's dropping this Friday.


Check out. Fired. That record was not, that record was not popular. Dream Breaking news. So sorry. Breaking News. Breaking news. We got, We got, we got your, you got your wish. Give it to me. We got a beef record. Oh. Oh yes. This is finally Time to make Wait, wait, wait, Wait. Thumb up man. Life game of chest best. Protect your neck. Aiming guns and all your pigs. You don't pose a threat. Still waiting for me to lose. Don't hold your breath. They took a bite of the zabe. I controlled the rest. Don't blame me. Blame her. She made the mess. And another fucking penny is what I told Clef, trotting the globe with the bro claim dominoes.


We get it done. Where I'm from, it's more constant. Pros Obama name in the discoveries had to plead the fifth. Got a head doctor. What the fuck? I need a therapist. The DOJ was a walk in the park compared to this. You want to hit the winning shot? It's all in the wrist. Alright. I the kicker, we beg to differ. Liquor and glass slippers. I laughed foot up for you. Liquor Shit. I'm done trying to spoil with up man. I having fun. It is a bar mitzvah. Live life. Fuck. It is my manifesto. Riding with my Amazon. Feel like Jeff Bezos. Parks Get your bag. Tucky. Parks Parks. I like you threw the orange shot in there though. Yeah, It's a bar mitzvah Joe.


What's the name, man? Bar mitzvah Bar Miss is the problem. Can't spell Bar Mitzvah without Miss Pros man. Just go do Ghetto, superstar again man. Oh man. You got your wish. Ice. Somebody is dis and Lauren and I got my wish. A hip hop beef is here. You gotta be careful what you wish for. Yeah, you gotta be more specific. I said I want Drake or somebody I can monetize to beef. This is not doing anything for me. Shout out to pr, shout out to the Fujis and I'd like to hear Better Rapper dis Lauren.


For real. I'm not mad if somebody dissing Lauren. Yo. Gas Lotto and Lauren. There you go. You said you want Gasha to dis somebody. Oh please. I support Lotto So. I wouldn't want to see her do that. Wait, what would she, what would she do? I am hoping that she replies, you know, to prize. Yes. On what? Like a ack on a record? Yes. She could reply on a fucking, she could write a post-it note. She could write. She could write on croissant with Jelly. Jelly. She could write on a croissant with jelly and win When. you win this matchup? Of course. No. You Think you would want her to rap that?


That that does that. Don't call for that. Ooh, the blimp in the sky. That'd be right in the shit in air. No, just Get the plane that do This shit. Yeah. Boy. I want her to Reply. I'm going to get my son on prize. I'm not even getting out the bed. If I'm Lauren, what's, what's her Sonna? Zion. Zion. Zion. This Zion, go ahead. So Ley, Go ahead and fucking wrap this up for me real quick. Man. I want her to come. If Y heard Lauren on that NAS album still, I don't know why, why Pros was doing this And, and she was out. They popped out the other day and Local should have run my way. And her breath control was right. She was rapping. Rapping. Oh yeah. Yeah. Was prize not on the Fuji tour?


He, well I think he was tight because the Fuji tour got canceled. Yeah. There's no Fuji tour no more? No, there's been a Fuji tour. Actually let's keep it a buck. He's been in a studio with her keeping it a buck. It was not a Fuji tour, it was Alau Hill tour with those in the Fujis. Okay. That I like. Ooh. That's what that tour was featuring. The fu was Ji. It was the Miseducation of Lauryn Hill. The last one. This one that just got canceled. That was Lauren's tour featuring the Fujis P Prize has been miseducated on Lauren Hill. He needed a cute few lessons. He do. Yeah. That yeah. Yeah. I mean, DON don't side with pros in this, Do you? No, absolutely not. No, No. I know you hate Lauren. I Don't hate Lauren. You hate her punctuality. Well that don't affect me 'cause I ain't buying no tickets that she going to.


He don't think she's a good rapper. I didn't say that. See, see. And that be my problem. I Credit for swinging up. No, I give credit for No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not even swinging up. No. Like That is the, you can't even see yelling at the mountain at the moon. Yeah. Dog howling Pluto. Why Pros did that to the People's Court beat Nigga ruined fucking people's court. We can't even use that shit for homie court no more. I hope she get on there. Take him to Homie court. She get there. We'll never hear from Poz again. Again. Ever again. Don't Think we never gonna hear from PS again. There's some other Things that are going on. The tour Has been canceled And he's got some things going on and It is If she get up there.


Funny how money Chase, eh? Now what if I'm prized? I am tight. I got some shit going on. Restitution pay this tour could have been the get me right before like you fuck you fucking up a lot of shit. So go do your own tour. No, no. Nigga It is the Fujis tour. Yeah, My one. Yeah. I'm with don. Don't want to hear that shit. I'm tired of these niggas that get mad that somebody is moving with they name the way they wanna move with their name and it don't benefit you. I thought it was a Fuji's tour. I didn't know it was a Laury Hill tour featuring the Fujis. That changes a whole lot of shit. It does nigga. I don't wanna go I don. Yeah. Fuck you talking about.


Alright, PS don't do this again. Please Don't do this anymore. I ain't even talking about this and Lauren and Ps my man. Don't rap again. I shouldn't be the bad guy for saying that, but I gotta say it. Y'all won't say it even though y'all thinking it. I'll say it. It is fine. That's my man too Leaked to TMZ apparently. Hm. TMZ dropped it. We okay for? Alright man. Cross fucked me up. Yo. A nigga said battle ain't a battle. If a battle or the battle of a snake doesn't rattle my prop. Pros be outside. He gonna fuck you up. Alright, play around.


Play around if you won. I know, I Oh man. Yo. Oh man. Did y'all, did any of y'all get a chance to catch Big Boy and Black Sam's interview? I saw some of it. I saw clips. I I did watch it. That was, that was great. Shouts to Big Boy. We don't really get to see Black Sam well here. He don't talk much. Like, he's very quiet, private, reserved. So he really gave it up. Like they, he started from basically how they grew up. First household. They lived in him and Nip and he just walked through everything. Big Boy did a real good job of just, you know, throwing a question out there and just letting them cook.


Like, I ain't trying to steer it no way. It was a, it was a, it was a real interview. I learned a couple things out of it. One, one thing that was just, it was real dope to me. Sam is telling a story. When they first started doing the shirts, they didn't have a store. He was like, yo, we was just selling on the, on the street, on the table. We would go buy 'em, get 'em pressed up and then soon as we get set up, like they started getting notoriety there, the police would come fuck with 'em because you outside selling shit. Right? Yeah. They'll snatch 'em up. He was like, yo, we'll go spend 2,500 whatever to get shirts. And soon as we get here and set up, they just snatched all our shit up for the day.


And he said we, him and bro was sitting there on the curb, get got into it with a cop. Like, why y'all keep fucking with us? The cop said, fuck You, if you want to get some money around here, do like every other taxpayer citizen and go lease a go lease a a space. And he was like, when he got up, he looked across the street and he saw the sign that says Store for Lease. And and that was where they put their first t-shirt shop t-shirt shop at. So he was telling a lot of stories that just connected, you know, their lives shit that people didn't know. Like Sam was really getting to it. I didn't know like that. And I, I've heard but to hear him say it, just to see how they came out on the other side of everything. He did get into what happened today.


Nip dod. Yeah, I like he broke down. He broke down where missteps was, what he thinks happened. And I'm not gonna touch any of that. One thing I wanna say I hated I is what this, this Kendrick Drake beef has really kind of like fucked hip hop fandom up all the way across the board. Yes. Like you can't have any type of discussion without it coming in. So they clip up the interview, Sam is talking about after Nip passed, they're trying to find some way we are to have the funeral rep. And he's like, yeah, we reaching out to all these black churches and black pastors and everybody saying no, Nope, not here. Nope not doing it. Nope, nope, nope.


Which was crazy to me. But then he said, and shouts to Karen Sybil, he said Karen reached out and was like, I think we can get the Staples Center. Got LeBron involved, got Roc Nation involved and they were able to get the Staples Center. Hmm. Of course Drake fans with the, they can't let This shit go. Oh, Kendrick loves LA so much. They, they turned this into a Kendrick TDE don't fuck with Nip and his people thing. Like it was a whole nothing. It made no sense. But I just wanted to say, I hate y'all for all of this. Y'all, y'all have really ruined anything. Hip hop. I, I'll be glad when we can get off of that completely Good Luck.


But it's gonna be here for a while. It's, it's just, it's I you annoying. I'm you though bro. I you bro. It's annoying. Like move on. It's over. But I just wanted to say shouts to Big Boy, that was a great interview and shouts to Black Sam for just really sitting there and giving it up the way he did post. Yeah, I'm gonna watch it. I'm gonna watch it. It was good. It's like an hour and a half. Yeah. But Big Boys a goat. Shout the big boy. It was, it was really good. It was really good. I I definitely wanna watch it. I also gotta see Buju. I watched that. I about to say that. Yeah. So I watched Buju. Bonton I Champs and the clips. He went crazy. She was fire And the Clipse, he went crazy. She was, oh man speaking. I'm gonna cut You. Just hearing him speak and go through his life and hearing how, you know, how he put the people first, you know what I mean?


And just breaking down Reggae and Dan Hall. Even when they asked him questions to compare artists, just how solid he stayed and respectful. He stayed to those artists. I listened to it this morning. I listened to it last night like three times. Man. Bju Bonton is is is that dude. And, and I watched Nori and them and it's a full first full interview I watch of theirs and how impressed they were by him and the respect they have for him also spoke volumes to me. you know what I mean? And shout out to Bju man. Like he's, he's, he's, he's him Got it. So about two shows I heard, you know, 36,000 people, reggae artists that did it. you know what I mean? They say like he's one of the top people you know in New York.


So, I wanna see that. I want to hear about that dog. That Afrobeat shit that they asked him about. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They asked him about the Afrobeat stuff started going crazy. He was just basically saying that a lot of people take from reggae and they don't give credit, they don't reach back out to the reggae artists and stuff. He said the same thing about Reggae own. He said, man, It is a big lawsuit going on with one of the producers in Jamaica. And he said that, you know, we have intellectual properties and just because we are small island doesn't mean that we don't have that. We, we came a long way from back in the days. So you using our intellectual property, using our beats and not giving us any credit or going back and reaching out. You're just using it. you know what I mean? And he said Afrobeats, they not, you know, he feel like they don't pay homage.


Basically. That's what I got from that. Well I'm gonna watch it. Both, both interview Shit. That's all he was spitting. I wanted to say shout. Shout to my man, Sergio. Yo, we've been getting, well I can't say we pressed by Jamaicans. Not me, you, Me, because Not not me. I'm gonna tell you. I'm gonna tell you it was because they feel like we didn't do Vibes Justice Justice At all. I'm not as familiar. So my man pulled me. He's like, yo, y'all didn't do that. Right. Like, you don't understand how important he is. What he means. He start breaking shit down. I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna fuck flip up. What did he break down?


He Just, just how, I mean he started naming like Beyonce, like major, major, major artists that have like, he's gotten credits on major records. It's like he is a real big influence in music. Didn't We do an ISO On Flip if we do an ISO and let Flip get his shit off one and two. I could tell y'all why I didn't blow it up. I just Didn't know none of This shit. I mean, I won't tell y'all why I didn't blow it up. Why tell Us. Nah, I'll pass. But No, he one of them. Yeah. I, I was unfamiliar So. I was Whatcha talking about music? Yeah. Yeah, I know. Yeah. It is like the Michael Jackson over there. Yes. Now. Yeah, now.


Yes. Yes. 'cause it used to be, I totally understand that. I Know what you're saying though. I'm with you. It's A big broadcast. I'm with you. I'm with you. This is a really, really, really big broadcast. So I don't ever wanna seem like I'm disrespecting vibes musically. 'cause I'm not. I wanted to get out the way and let Flip get in his bag. But there was a reason for me. I just didn't, I just wasn't familiar at All. It's not just like Jamaicans, it's not just, but I get It. I wanna know, I guess when the, when the, when we get off camera, I would like to know Oh. Shit out. I'm go find a talker to say what I'm trying to do. It is the same. Look, look I tell you Why he's saying what he's saying. It's The same reason. It's the same reason why, Why because somebody was murdered.


Is that what we're saying? Is that the angle that he's going? Somebody died and so you don't want to speak about it and highlight something. 'cause it takes away from the person that lost his life. I wasn't, I can't speak for Him. Oh don don't. That's the only thing I could other, that's the only thing I could think of. you know what I mean? So I get it. A lot of the stuff that they, they were saying, 'cause they did, they hit up Ish. They wrote me, but I read it. They were just saying that a lot of stuff that we didn't mention. But I don't know that shit man. you know, I just know Vibes cartel after he came out, you know a lot of people started bleaching their skin. Man. He know, he, he, he, he led a revolution as far as the, in the new era. Yeah, yeah. you know what I mean? That's what I mean.


And salute the vibes and shout out to him. Man. Think he's dope. Made a lot of great music. I fuck with him. Yeah. He DM me before. Yo No, He d me for jail. I just Got it. You got, you got a little bit Whoopsy. Oh, sorry. You got a little tendency in you bro. What Type of tendency? Whoa. A little, a little groupy This. shit. A little bit. Really little bit. Just a little bit. A sprinkle. A sprinkle. It's not bad. don. Don't, I'm not shooting. Nah, come on. That is shooting. You was just shot nigga not shooting. That's a shotgun. I could never be a groupie nigga. I said Tendency they reach out. Cool. Hey you holler is nobody gotta know that though. That's all I'm saying. Well, little chocolate chips little bit.


Right. You see it little more so. Nah, nah nigga, you sit here and big up while laying and all the niggas you fuck with all the time. I don Big up the show. My man. Yo. This nigga called me. Yo. These niggas want you do it and, and we let You because it's something that they wanted to say on the pop. So You're disrespecting Jamaicans. I'm having Jamaican. I'm I'm claiming again. And you don't highlight it. No, I'm claiming again. I'm back now. And You too nigga. Every, every man you know my man got this, my man got that. My man got you Always highlighting your man's and what and what connection they got into the world. I I highlight my Jamaican friends too. His workers is Jamaican. He highlight them all the time. I can tell you all have vibe cartel shit as we, as long as we cut this off. Oh, I can't do it.


We cut it off. There is another hip hop beef that we've didn't highlight. Oh, This what we got Dude. That dude that punched Rick Ross in the face. What? What do he do? He didn't put his on, he better not be a rapper. What's his name? Yeah, big. It's Rose. That's Rick Ross. Do How you want. Do what you wanna do. Anytime you wanna do it. I'm ready. I'm ready. White boy. On that white boy punch window, mouth dirt. A boy on the grandma you were stumbling out the gate. Searching for the left dj like some ba the demons to conceded to stop.


Department of no Corrections Boy. No Joe don. Don't think we're gonna get there with these two beef records. I don't think we're gonna get to the promised land. Gotta speak guys fucking nuts. Gotta speak to existence. I just To see this crazy Ass I. gotta speak it to existence Man. Get the fuck outta here. That was a lot white boy That punched you in the face. That was a lot of mid, Yeah. Oh man. Oh Shit. Speaking of Scarface, I wanna say rest in peace to Angel Salazar. Oh yeah. Deceased at 68 years old.


you know him name. Sound Familiar? Yeah. Mm. Oh, he's always playing the scar. Super gangster roles. Yeah. Oh. Shit. Yeah. So rest in peace. Rest in peace. Rest in peace to to him also. Rest in peace. To Rest in peace to de smoke and sirs mom. Her name is Jackie Che Ferris. She passed, she passed away at 61 years old. So we send the rest in peace out to her as well. For sure. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. That's horrible. Horrible prayer. Prayers go out to these smoke serves. Entire family word. What else? Olympics Else? What? Olympics. Olympics. They've concluded The, Huh?


No, I was gonna say 65% of the medals were awarded to Team USA. Let's fucking know. That's right. Let's fucking That's fucking amazing. USA You America. Big bad bullies. Big bad bullies. I think right now we can, you Know what I mean? I was In my USA bag. I don't care. Boot. I had Dipset anthem playing. I was, I was in my bag. Yeah, Man. Like, you know what I mean? Team USA. Yeah. That's, that's the, that's the, that's our national anthem because you know, Dipset the American flag shit. Yeah. You missed Wasn't there. You are a nigga ain't Er. Today's a new day.


Damn. You're man. Hey Man, you know what? You want me to do The Olympics? What does everybody here think about the Olympics opening up with the Last Supper and a bunch of gay and transgender people at the table eating a supper? Why Has there been so much like trans and gay And religious connotations to everything to the Olympics? It wasn't what's going on. It wasn't, it wasn't The last supper. Christians were in an uproar and art history. Major majors fucking spoke up and they were like, this was Greek mythology. I forget what like the painting actually is, but it has nothing to do with the Last Supper. What it had to Do with the Olympics. I've been looking at that. It Has to do with, I've been looking at that last supper picture for a long time. That's Who Got It. This looks, it looked Last supper, that Smar.


Were they eating? There was a feast. That's what the, that's what the whole idea of the photo. So spaghetti was there. There was, there was. They were feasting on more than just food. It was Greek mythology. So there's some debauchery going on besides it. Some freaky shit back in the days. Yeah, definitely some freaky shit. you know. Lemme look at This shit. Watch Caligula. You'll fucking understand Calligraphy. Caligula. It's a movie for like freaky movie. It is very freaky From the seventies I wanna say. Yeah. But it still holds up to this day. I've never actually watched it. I gotta watch It. Super freaky. Yeah. Yeah. For all you who are curious. But. yeah. All right. So that was not the last sup. It was not the last supper. That was the last feast. It was just it. I forget what the name photo Was. The girl tried to say was Trans won the gold.


A Late dinner. Yes. Oh, the boxer. Yeah. Money. And he said, she said that she's suing everybody. She's pressing charges That you Said. Careful. I said money. Yeah. And I noticed some chicks is just ugly enough for you to think that they, some chicks be looking duty in The face and be a little bro. Yeah, you still be some bitches got the traps right here. Bitches are strong. Like how we supposed to know man? We won bad medals. That's all bad. That's Right. See what I mean? That's right. I mean, well China tied for gold But they tied. That's The rest of 'em. Yeah. The rest of 'em. The rest of 'em. Tiebreaker. Oh, so Now y Allall are acknowledging the silver and the bronze.


Yeah. China got 40 golds too. Six. That's cool. Good For you. Y'all got 40, Y'all, y'all. Which are y'all? What you representing in, in the Olympics? Wherever that black Irish girl was from Ireland. Ireland. Oh, okay. That's there boy. Oh boy. You see It. Did I what? She's beautiful. It was on y'all ass too. That skin. There Was some final Olympics. What do y'all think about the Olympics? Not letting people praise Jesus or thank God after they win and they edit it out and make 'em think that they're saying something else. Huh? Since you are fucking a Greek mythology major, think of That. Well, I mean they didn't stop them from praising Jesus, but don don't think that they wanted it's RealAge.


Honestly. Praise God was not expecting that. But he's thought he can do anything. Anything is possible in Christ. So yeah. I'm just amazed. Baffled in shock. And this Is The tongue. I don't believe anything this guy says Get here. Yeah. I'm just amazed, baffled and in shock. Oh. Shit. I think just don don't know. Just Is that Greek mythology? No, it's not Greek mythology, but just speculation is That is, this Is a, I got another question. It is a global stage. And so I think that God, God is global. Huh? God is global. God is global. No, but just There's God is mythology. God Is global girl.


No, it's just, what I'm saying is like, there's so many people watching. God Is global. Nah, that got a rock woman girl, God is global. Yo, wait, I, I'm winning Mel a little bit. Like if our brand partners don't want us to mention Jesus, We not gonna mention Them. Because that sounds bad. Because you Know, that sounds, you remember the, you know what, Why, why is it conspiracy Theory? The Olympics said we not gonna let that shit happen. Why did Just believe it automatically? 'cause some dude with a spooky voice in the piano is In the background. The background music. Yeah, exactly. But, but if he, if he has, that's like some real Background Music though.


Has, but if he has a list of, of of, of examples where people are saying, yo, I thank God I want to thank Jesus or God or whatever the case may be. And then on the actual footage, if That is, if it's true. Yeah. I just don't necessarily run to believe everybody on the Internet. The Olympics is not letting go. What? The It is not letting happen. What the Super Bowl did. Remember that fucking commercial, that Jesus commercial they did like, No, that's different. 'cause this is, that's a marathon. Wait, what? Commercial? Whatever. I'm just saying the Jesus commercial. Yeah. What would Jesus do? Yeah. That's Crazy shit. We thought they Still heard that Shit. I thought something was dropping, nigga. I thought I said this is Cocha. Jesus Drawing an Album. Yo w wwjd This kombucha was fire. I'm like, wait, It is about Jesus.


So. I thought something was dropping. That shit be tight. But no, not shout out to everybody. So the Olympics not with none of that. But I still feel like that should let them praise God. Listen, God Is global Mel and I I feel like you're a Heathen. God is global. Oh Nah, nah, I get it. I understand. It has nothing to do with me being a heathen. It has everything to do with the fact that atheist, that I'm not an atheist. That the Olympics is a global stage. And so in order to keep it from becoming religious True. They didn't want to air anybody speaking, speaking about one particular deity. I agree with that. Well listen For It is is the Greek mythology, the fucking, Let's say to do no It is nothing to do with religion. Let's say the Pope ride around in a golf cart, a bulletproof golf cart in Paris. I understand.


He stops Everything nigga. He rides, he rides around in that same carriage in Brazil. He rides around in that same carriage. He rides but has nothing. He In Paris. The niggas trying to knock. It's a, sorry ma'am. It's a bulletproof golf cart. s go off. Go Off. I'm sorry. We let move. We can move on. I'm sorry. Promises I wasn't trying to get us. You right. you right. You don't come out them niggas move for him son for the power. You better. Yeah. What Do you guys, what did you guys think of Team USA's victory. Ste. Steph Wardell Curry's performance.


LeBron winning the MVP. What did you guys think of all of it? I thought it was Think Steph is fucking him. Yo think Steph just turned, turned Chef champions of the world. I think. Yeah, this think Steph turned into West because He was chilling, was Sick. And I think he just was like, all right, night night time. They said put the kids to bed. Let's Focus On, let's go on. They said, they said back in the days 92 dream team that the numbers wouldn't have been that close. I'm just saying that's what they saying. It wouldn't have been that close. The international, the 92 dream team wouldn't have been in the gold Dream team. A bunch of bombs. They Got smoked out there. Not Joke. Fucking Smoked out there Is crazy. I'm not calling them Bombs.


I'm saying bombs. Jordan would've Got smoked. Chris Mo would've still done this thing. Jordan probably put some points up. I'm not gonna say that, but the team yo, the problem is this, in 92 the world wasn't good as good in basketball. That's true. In 2024, The world is, the world is great in basketball. I'm not saying the dream team was bomb. Some of the best players in the NBA, which is the best talent in the world, is international. So now they playing. They ain't playing. The best players are not on team USA all the time. Listen, Larry Bird was at the end of the road like Boyi men with bad back. So it was magic. Magic Johnson was battling some other things.


Yo, Keep going. Yo. No, keep, keep going though. Chris Mullen wasn't doing a whole bunch of nothing. You wouldn't have had to worry about Carl Malone 'cause it was 12 year olds there. Oh, Shit Am. Who Else is on the train? You had to worry about, Hey, hey Carl grabbing Boris. Send 12-year-old Jackie out there, Carl over there on Mon Carl's a fuss. What? Let's let Carl hit the first day of school. Niggas. Yeah. Out they fucking man. Y'all nigga John Stockton, the first stat patter ever. Who else they had? Holy shit. Great White. Yeah. Charles Barkley, David Robinson. David Robinson. They had Patrick. Yo, what they did have, They won a ring when Tim Duncan Got it to What they had was Michael.


Jeff, you're welcome Michael, Jeffrey Jordan. And in the event that shit got thick, I'm giving the best players in the world 60 at my leisure. So imagine what the fuck I'm gonna do. Over here talking, I'm gonna give these niggas 60 to talk About the Ish, why you telling me this? Go? Because y'all saying these niggas were bums and they've lost, they wouldn't have lost. I ain't saying that. I'm saying That. I'm saying I'm just calling 'em bums 'cause I'm on entertainment bro. I don. Even Nigga they wouldn't have lost. I don't Care about The facts. Now I think That Fun to flip to other point, I think that the, this new team might have smoked Jordan and them boots in a, a clash. I think they're to smoke their Boots. Steph Curry came down. Listen and I'm a little bit mad at him 'cause the game was rather close.


Who tight? I was at the edge of my seat. Like, oh, these niggas lose Steph come down whack. And he did the little calm down gesture to the crowd and he on the court with a bunch of niggas that know what that zone is like. So they peeped, he was in that zone and next time down the court, Let let him cook. Pat threw right to him. He threw that little, Hey, when Steph veered to the right, that little arc, three point line and do that little pass like this. Then little, this some bullshit is coming. You can do this. Two picks every booker pass right there. They pass right there. They threw it back. Whack wh alocka flame. Best shooter in the whole white world. Step ward down.


Then they sent two niggas at of it don't matter, fade, falling down, fading away. That shit was a heve. I'm sitting there like, oh this nigga doing a whoa shit. He hit that motherfucker. No, when he, when he get in that zone, he get in that zone. Oh my God. He went crazy. He provided a night of fun for Tyree Halliburton, the white girls, Hey, hey, for Halliburton and them white girls, boy they stuffed it. That party they Wouldn't stop getting, I'm like, damn, They got up in that party. Smurf, that nigga had them white chicks up in there. Tyrese. Halliburton, your name let me know that you want a party van full of white girls. Tyrese, Halliburton. Anyways, yo, that's, do y'all think that LeBron shit got the MVP?


Yes. Yeah. Yes. He was going crazy. I think just consistently throughout the whole Olympics. LeBron has been that, that dude Hey, but Steph we're both, he's been that dude. Yo, if I'm LeBron James and I just won the MVP and I just won the gold medal and I'm walking to my fucking vehicle and there's a little white boy in my way. I'm doll kicking This shit outta the white boy to get the fuck outta my way. I don't know why the internet was in the uproar about LeBron telling the little white boy to get the fuck outta the way as a Olympic gold medalist. Why was that a big deal? Fuck that white boy. I wasn't know nigga. He did. So now it's not the time for your autograph. Now's not the time for the pick move.


If you and my wife, he'd be alright. Huh? If you'd have gotten the popemobile, he'd been right. Right? Yeah. The fuck, me and my wife are walking to our vehicle right now. Get your dirty snotty white ass away from fucking black excellence for a minute. And then he did a dance by the door. I see the entrance. He started dancing by the entrance at the door. That little kid, bro. Squeaky clean bro. So for him to say no, don't do that. He did something. Now I seen the little clips. They, they trying to say, he said the N word. I listened to it. I ain't hear that. So I'm not rolling with that didn't word either. But to LeBron. He said LeBron Got in the car. That kid did something. Oh yeah. No. When LeBron got in the car. No, he said no. He was going inside. Said n he said it. He was going inside said a couple times too.


Yeah. Hard er I'm with LeBron man to his dad. You can't smack him 'cause you might ruin your shooting hand. You don't shoot with your feet. Say soccer. Hey, go ahead and kick that little dusty ass white boy. Right? Mel, come on, say fuck them kids with me. Fuck them kids. Fuck them kids. That's right. Goddammit. Badass kids. What else? What else? Noah allows Noah ice. Somebody gimme That is Oh my god. Don don't hate Noah Can't spell ISO without ice. But you, he annoys you. Nah, it's just he I he has a thing against the NBAI think. I think there's some hate there. Okay. Noah Lau report came out that he, Adidas had invited him to assume Anthony Edwards shoe Released, shoe released that they were doing for Anthony Edwards.


And he's like, y'all inviting me somewhere with a guy who hasn't even been to the finals yet. Yeah. That's hate With his beef with Anthony. Well not with Anthony. His beef is, I am him in track and field. I'm six time medalist. I'm that guy. And to Adidas, y'all are supposed, y'all at least whatever they're pitching to him, we want to put track and field first. If I'm the guy and y'all are saying this, treat me like the guy He is not Usain Bolt. Nah, you ain't bigger than the NBA. That's what I don't think he understands. You just not bigger than the NBA.


Yeah. Facts. The NBA is a global brand. No disrespect to Noah allows, but a lot of us never knew who you were Prior to this prior Olympics until you dissed the NBA. That's what put him on a lot of people's radar. That's why a lot of us, we caught hell for it. We were calling you a hater. We were, we were rooting against you. I was, you won the first goal. African America, you're not a Patriot. Oh I'm, I was. I was Jamaican that day. I was Jamaican when he raced. I told you I'm claiming I have Jamaican sign. Gotcha. Okay. True So I get to pick and choose. You bought the Patriots, got rid of Juju Schmid, whatever his name is. I'm glad we got rid of him First. Plus y'all stealers. It ain't got nothing to do with us. But so yeah, a lot of people just wasn't fucking with you.


You came, it looked like you came outta nowhere hating on the NBA. Why'd you have to even make your statements. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They what makes them the world champions Because you won in the United States. No, because the best players in the world play in the United States. True. And if we win here, We're the best in the world. I really do hope that, that that guy from France gets a shot in the NBA. The guy that quote unquote dunked on bro, the six A dude that was two 70, the Afro looked like a absolute brick out there. I ain't see that. Well yeah, a lot of people are talking about him and his performance and should he get another shot at the league? They're saying that the Cavs might be interested. I I think that dude will won't do the worst in the NBA.


He looked all right. I just kept staring at him like, yo, this this nigga if that nigga, you gotta shoot him Z cousin. I was watching that game like realizing like, yo, you can't fight everybody. Some niggas gotta go down. Yeah, Right. That man even it out a little bit. Pop leg shot. Just drop him leg foot somewhere. You some niggas we just ain't about to Fight. Nigga you shoot that nigga in the foot, that nigga gonna get mad at you. Yeah. Not in the foot. You gotta hit him. That nigga gonna bite at his foot. Yeah. And get mad at your fucking Ass. We getting back to the Olympics. But speaking of big niggas that Durant dancing Gorilla Nigga Sure do look depressed now that last video, he look nobody cares, but He ain't having a slice that Taco Bell anymore.


Yeah. He is at them tables looking depressed. No one to eat no more. He did the little shit. Yeah. Ain't looking happy. Yeah, he didn't look happy in the last video. He didn't look happy. All that Smiley. He, he Did his shit back to our Olympic talk. I think I'm gonna know a loud side in this. I'm not, I know it's not the popular opinion, but if I'm a six time medalist and I'm partnered with a company, I would like that company to invest marketing dollars in me as well. Especially When he's doing some marketing himself. Cool. Getting all This shit. I done made myself hot at the prelims and anytime they put a mic in front of me, I'm doing my part to make myself hot. I beat Covid in less than 24 hours. Yeah, yeah. Six hours.


Put some money behind me. Superman. Yeah. I think that I think that some marketing money should go behind him. Not at the same clip as the basketball money, but you could dump some money over there. Now Noah Lowes came out and say he didn't say none of that shit, the Adidas stuff about Anthony Edwards. He said all of that's Ka. But if he did say that, I don't think he's all the way wrong. So, so he not wrong even there. He not wrong, he not wrong in that. But stay here. If you're Adidas and I'm putting some marketing dollars behind you, but I may not be putting the same amount of marketing dollars behind you that I'm doing Anthony Edwards. But now I want you to go to the Adida led function for one of your other athletes that we do have money behind.


That's also a look for you. If, if Anthony Edwards is there, or if I'm a small podcast and the Joe Button podcast is going to be there, that's also a look for me to go show up for my man Joe that we both get an exposure. But if we're hearing that he says all that information was capped. So then the fact that him not showing up as a result of them not giving them the money. We are having a hypothetical argument. Yeah. So guilty then that means that that was cap two that he didn't re, you know, say fuck To me in our hypothetical argument. I'm with you. Yeah, that's, that's a look Like Steph is on Underarm. Well, every time I won a a a medal gold, bronze or silver, that was also true.


A look. I think that he should go in good faith. I'm gonna put you on the bigger gold He stage though. He should go to that Anthony Edwards shit, just in good faith, let be looking for marketing dollars to be put into your shit. Okay, hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on. Because you hold on. No, because his statement is important here because y'all are arguing something he didn't really say. He said there's a rumor going around that I did not go to Anthony Edwards shoe release because he didn't deserve it. That's not the case. He deserves his shoes. He's an amazing player. The problem was finding time based on my prior engagements. That's cap. Congratulations on becoming an Olympic champion. That's a pc. Alright, that's shade. That's pc. Exactly. The last part is shade and all that. All prior engagement shit is Exact cap.


So, so now hearing that I, I play hockey, I'm on Under Armour. Not that hockey is not a big sport, but under Armour's, biggest endorsee I'm going to assume is Steph Curry. So now if I play hockey and Under Armour says y'all, I want you to go to the Steph Curry function with a Steph Curry is having a celebrity golf outing. You Should go if YOU DON, I'm going, I'm not gonna say y'all, y'all ain't gimme the same. I ain't get a golf outing or why y'all ain't gimme a golf outing? I wanna Stanley Cup three times. And I do believe now hearing that, that he said that, that quote, of course I believe he said that. Wait y'all now if, if Steph never won no rings, hold up, I'm Me and you want me to go to a golf outing and he ain't even been to the finals yet.


No. He should be coming to my golf outing, not me going to his It's ego. Yeah, that's what It is. It is, it speaks to ego. So you might be, but you, the man in your sport, nobody's denying that for the people that are, that know of your sport, that know that you the man in, in that lane, outside of that you not the face of track and field. True. 'cause to the average person who's paying attention to track and field We. talk more about Shakar Richardson than we ever did. You facts nigga We talk more about Hussein Bolt than you and he don't even run no more. I'm talking about current runners like Shakar, Richardson's name come up when we start talking. I was like, Hey, what time is she running?


And all the, even prior to the Olympics, the qualifier shit's before you asking for another reason. No, no, I'm, I'm a supporter. I really am a fan of her. I know you are. I really am a fan. I don't like how they tried to do her. So I'm rolling But. yeah, like I just think he It is ego. Of course you're supposed to think the best of yourself, but you gotta be realistic too at some point. It's Just, if I win six medals, fuck them Anthony ever. Edward sneakers. Yeah. Cool. Fuck him. Guess who not worried about it? Anthony Edwards. And I think he would've to stand in it if that's your decision. Exactly. Not To Adidas though. No, that's what I'm saying. He would've to stand in there. Yeah. You ain't gonna say that to a nigga that's giving you a bag. You want me to go over there? Oh Yeah, yeah. Well they're not So I. don, lemme Get a picture with an let, make sure I get a picture with Anne. Let me, you know what I'm saying? You can play the game. It's a game. Let me make sure I get a picture with him. Yo, who's that?


What? Oh that's Noah low, he's an olympian, da da da da. You gotta play that game and you know what stops you Ego. Yeah, again, it goes back to the ego. No, he should be coming to get a picture from me. I got six. He don't even, he ain't even been to the finals yet. What's my deal versus your deal? Yeah. If I, I ain't gonna lie, I'm, I'm a little bit on no side but I don't wanna drag this out because now it ain't about, y'all are right about money and marketing and all of that. But if We on the world stage for athletes and I got six of 'em and you, you didn't get yours while I'm talking This shit and you never been to the final, you've never been to nigga fuck you, fuck you. I'm me. But you trying to get money Joe and marketing.


That's what you're complaining about. That's what you trying to get nowhere. Right? Tell Adidas Yes, but I'm just talking about athlete to athlete. Oh yeah. I don't have to scu. I'm not, I might not succumb it to your Anthony Edwards. Nothing. Alright, so Sit. So sit your ass home while Adidas keep g. Yo my nigga, if I won a shot put and I'm the man is shot pudding, I throw that motherfucking thing way over there, Then You can talk. I In shot pudding. Not true. I can't talk. Disagree big boy talk when it comes to Adidas. I'm not talking about Adidas. I'm talking about athlete to athlete. Y'all are right. I'm talking about just athlete to athlete. Now if you won anything and shot put then you got the right to look at Anthony Edwards and say fuck you sneaker nigga. You Ain't never win nothing.


Yes. Just Athlete to athlete. Real quick off of this, how do y'all think Ja Morant gets any of his equity back next season from Anthony Edwards? Yeah, he has to go crazy. He gotta yeah. You say yes. Yes. He gotta go Crazy. You Say yes. Yes Because I think he's gonna go crazy. You can say yes. I'm, let me, let me correct myself because I don't think he would be taking it from Anthony Edwards. I think he would just present himself in the conversation with these guys as bro and KD and all of these guys are kind of slowly fading out. It's just a new regime that's gonna be coming in and he's gonna be a part of that new regime. don don't think he's taking it from Anthony Edwards and hey, I think once you let him let, let him go win that golden boy status, you, It's hard to get back.


You gotta kick up. It's hard to get back. You gotta Kick up. It's hard for the league. It's hard to get back. He can go average 30 and 10. don don't know if the league is looking at him as the safe bet to put our Face on him in one year. No, but if he does that for a couple years, let him go win. No, if he do 30 and 10 next year he'll just be ushered in with Anthony as long as he chilled Up. How much y'all wanna bet we get grizzlies versus the 10 wolves for the storyline in the playoffs? I Could see it NBA playoffs. Oh yeah. Marquee matchup. I could see it round one. I could see it. It is gonna be some bull. The The battle the young boys I could see it. Yeah. And I don't know if the US sniffed that men's men's gold in four years.


I don't think they sniff it again in four years. Mm. They had to, they had to jaw, they had to run out there with the best of the best. Oh geez. Who I don't think will still be playing in four years. That's the problem. Guess who else wanna And everybody else Weby and them niggas is gonna get a whole lot better and and I gotta see what team the US And league has been going international for a while. So all the young best players in the NBA are international. A lot of 'em. It's gonna, it's not all of 'em but it's some, a lot of them. A whole lot of them. And as time as it keep in four years it's gonna be a lot more. In eight years It is gonna be a lot more that's happening bro.


I'm telling you, I wonder if Luke could learn how to guard a ham sandwich yet after his performance in the, in the finals A straight orange cone. Yeah and that's what he is. Yeah. You Want international So I. What you talking about? America's gonna be America in the basketball scene. I just don don't think they get gold and and Steve Ker ass outta here they go get a goat and another problem is, See Chris said he not doing it again. I hope not. I think they said sport. Yeah they won't, they won't. They won't let him. They gotta play a different type of ball my nigga. They didn't even give Jason Tatum no cook. It was trash. They got a nigga A DNP Trash. I didn't see the big deal about that. Crazy As hell. I ain't giving giving a result. I ain't got nothing to say about it. I'm playing Kevin Durant, I'm playing both.


I'm gonna give him both some cook If I have Kevin Durant and the game is 40 minutes versus 48, I'm playing Kevin Durant the whole game. And you are going to be Kevin Durant's backup in the event. Something that I decide to give him a break. That's not true. But guess who Coach Button is never given a break. Kevin, Kevin Durant. Kevin Durant, Kevin Durant. don don't know why that was Such a big You can play 'em together. They don't gotta be One forever. No. If I was Tyree Halliburton, I snuffed Jason Tatum. I would snuff him after I'm done with my white girls. Of course. Why? Why?


Because all the fuss was that Yo Jason Tatum got a DNP. So did Tyree Halliburton. Nobody said a word. Nobody gave a fuck. Tally's Halliburton won championship. Yeah So T Hall, That's the conference final Tyrese Halliburton is in first team all NBA. Yeah what you talking about? It's levels To that. If Jason Tatum wasn't a avid podcast listener, I would make the case that maybe he shouldn't have got first team all the game. Gotcha. But I wouldn't do that 'cause that's my man. I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't take it that far. And I love the revealing at the, I loved him and the family. Yeah I love that. I absolutely congratulations to that. I absolutely love that. And you know what else I loved about the Olympics and we can move on. I loved them showing all the Olympians run to their families, their kids, their wives, their husbands.


They showed that. The emotional pieces of that shit. I love that this Nigga sacrificed for four years dog. Like for that one little two week stretch that we take as a light two weeks. These niggas been busting they ass for the better part of four years to win or lose in a span of minutes. You could have shared that weight in two weeks. What? Like if you really got in your bag, you could have hit the hurdles. You could shit weight. you right. You gotta wear one of them. What them shits? The fat sweatsuits or Some shit? Yeah, I got one. You Have one of 'em. Chicks Of course the the real one. The sauna suits not that fake shit. The real one. Where It here? That shit. That shit. Where? In here y'all Joke? Wear it in here. Shit. Did you wear it anywhere?


That shit is annoying. It's A different, I got the the the expensive one Get shit nigga. Did you, did you put it on the house? Did you put it on ly? Nah, I used to wear that shit to run in it. That shit. It'll fuck you up 'cause it could dehydrate you. I would've dropped outta that shit like college. That shit different. I'd have dropped right outta that face. Audience Amani wants y'all to know Janet Jackson is related. Hold up. Stop. We not doing that. Yo did you see you not gonna just skip the Olympics and not congratulate the women's USA team too bro. And that was a better finals than the men. It was Nailed later. Yeah We not just going Hey the men did they? Yeah they almost lost too. come on, clap it up. Clap it up and up They asses handed to 'em.


Hope. Yeah. Woo. That was a good, that was, that was some good basketball though. However you wanna put it. Car that that Chick France. Well Ga Gabby Wilson or whatever. Gabby that That chicken In France, that chick Gabby, that woman she had, they her foot in. They as she did. And her foot was on the line. And that caught that. That made that three or two that big Asia though. Don't, don't play with Asia. Phil. Yeah Asia is dope. That big Asia though. Of course she gonna fucking shoot This shit off the top of the backboard. come on yo. Spin back front of the rim. Perfect on that. And I hate to tell you they couldn't fuck with that Brittany neither. That shit looked unfair out there with her. Yo think her balance a little better.


She done. She don't play without them babes. She don't play. Can you keep them babes outta the bags? She gonna get some bucket. She gonna get some buckets. She'll score now she get some buckets. Yo. I was gonna ask do what you gotta do. Don't shoot me. I was gonna ask this one though. But if, if the Olympics were in Russia, if you Brittany would you go Oh fuck no. Fuck no. Fuck no. There's nothing they could gimme to do. Step back on foot on Russian soil. Yeah. Nothing. I Gotta come win it over here. Never Didn't Rocky fight DOL Laing in Russian. That's a movie man. She was in the prison work Camp. If he die he died. For real? Yeah. You remember Adrian? Adrian, Adrian.


He went home like, yo, I, I got a plan yo. I'm gonna fight this figure. Adrian said, nigga are you crazy? He ain is gonna die. That's exactly what she said. You think you going to be beat me? You think You can beat me? Who? Fuck outta here yo. You ain't like the ending Of Rocky. No. It is still going. The What? The Olympics with the flag with the Tom Cruise shit and all of that with to Nigga. No that shit was dope. I'm done with Tom. They put mad Money into that shit Man. I never wanted to see Tom Cruise. He do look old. That nigga give Old. He still jump off some shit. Can't believe to Cruise Dolo By himself. That shit was fired. How old is Tom Cruise? 60 Something. 61? Yeah. Like It is time.


It is time. Man Can't believe Stop Jumping off shit bro. He trying to catch a lick Botox in your face. Where The fuck is Alec Baldwin at? Hey what the fuck is wrong with you? That That's who I want to see in the Olympic. Hey turn Oh Shit. I said he found him. Nigga. That's Funny. Yo, you He ain didn't even do nothing. That's my Nigga. That's my man. That was fucked up enough for him. No, that was fucked Up. Everybody is saw collateral, right?


Yes, yes. No you never saw Collateral. Jamie Fox Cruise, Jamie Fox, Tom Cruise. Cruise. Jamie Foxx, Tom Cruise in The cab. I didn't see it. Also they cruise movies. It was good. That's DON. Don't fuck with Tom Cruise movies. Damn. Yeah Tom Cruise is a great white You god damn right he is. He's a great white. Put some Spesh on his name. I was watching Jack with a perfect name. I Was watching Jack reach it the other day too. Tom and Cruise. Oh, Shit Maverick. Great White You little. Yeah. Speaking of Cruz, I mean I've never been on a cruise but that little fucking roof. Chris Cruise, they Got it. Not Ruth Chris Rich Carlton. What you my nigga?


I'm telling you. Yo. Are you okay? It's creeping up now. No. Did y'all see the rich, the rich car cruise on the fucking luxury yacht shit for seven days. Some fucking four story shit. I'm Sure some fire. Yep. But I didn't, I Ain't see it. I would do that. I I would that I would Trying to tell you've never done a cruise. And I also saw a rumor, you mentioned Kailyn Clark earlier I saw a rumor that the View tried to offer Kailyn Clark a million dollars to interview her and she turned it down. Mm. They would pay. Why would they pay that much for an interview To Caitlyn Clark? Hmm. Because this going, the number's gonna go crazy. The Advertising darling, if I, if I have an episode with Kaitlyn Clark, then I'm gonna pitch it to my advertiser.


I'm gonna make trillions of dollars. I can give you a million. Oh Okay. True. She is a media Advertising. No she's a money pit. Yeah Darling. So you would want to pay her her fucking the View Ice Cube and me This. shit, anybody should want to pay her. We gonna get that money back. I Know Shannon. I know Shannon got about seven proposals in. He can't wait to get on that couch. No book pause. I would like to hear that. Actually she ain't doing it. No, she Probably won't but I'm sure he, she's not sure they got proposals In. I like the Kailyn Clark with Shannon. Shannon. Yeah. Somebody, Bobby Alt Somebody. Hey Keep keep her with our people. No, she's nuts.


Oh damn. I got another topic that nah, stupid. I'll tell y'all later. I guess the same way I asked y'all. If you think You can tell when somebody's cheating if you look at 'em. Think You can tell if somebody's a slide. No, not nowadays. Yo. You used to could tell I used to have a nice little meter now. Nah, now I, I think it's a little harder. The meter's off the scale nigga. Yeah I think it's a little harder now because I think, I think well it's been like that 'cause I think the shit that used to be indicative of when we was young of a slide changed. Yeah. Today they got PhDs Masters.


you right Though. I'm dead ass Like I married you in the face. You good? No I'm fine. Slide Slide Is a whore. A jump off Pop Easy work Easy. Just Got it A ski. She going right away. A s scally wa Got it. Okay, I understand That. A sizzle, a pop. Thank Youer. A ski a Sr. Urban dictionary over the source over here. Thank you. I appreciate that. Jump off. It is jump off in the run the mouth so much head. That's chocolate. Hmm? That's chocolate milk Yu? No this is coffee. You still hear Yahoo bag? Hmm? You still had you used to drink you right? Yes. That nigga like you Still a U who bag.


You still Do that. Yo. Sit in studio in the middle of the floor drinking you Twice a year. I'll go get some chocolate drink. That really fucked me up. When you strawberry Too, Right? Huh? Used to drink strawberry too Right? Back in the day. Oh you know me from back in the day They used to A child. So, I. Amm telling you So I don't do that no more. So I. You get the Hershey shit. Or you, you used to have ues but you still, you who? Or you stepped it up to the Hershey joint? No, I'm not really a C child. I'm not a milk guy. Little Swissness. Well that's not milk quake. Click With the bunnies. I'm Not a milk guy like that. No more DON. Don't fuck with Milk no more. They Said you who is not milk's. It's not it's chocolate Drink. That's some bullshit man. Very Ice cream dessert. I'm really not like a dessert guy like that.


Even though there was some fucking Terry Masu from Jersey, some Jersey City restaurant. I need to go back and get That shit was good. But other than that Nigga I was in France. Nigga Blue. That's where it's what Blue? The restaurant you get the the Terra massou where they like, like pull the thing off the top and it Nigga gotta do a birthday dinner over. Get the dessert first before the entree come out. I was going great. We can see it's great. Oh You must got a dessert and truck outside Your face on the side. No. Yo. Stop eating them Sweetss. my nigga It too old to Eat them shit. Mother fucking what We're done with our Olympic covers right? I think So. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Congrats to everybody. We won man.


come on. Shots. America Felt Good to be patriotic For a couple days. Robin daughter won a gold. Dennis Rodman's daughter won of gold. Stop keeping up with Dennis Robin. Daughter and What? Soccer, soccer, soccer doing. Come on. Doing tough on soccer. Dennis Rodman said Steve Kirk can coach. I'm I'm I I'm Stevie Doing shit by watching a Nigga. Yeah. Yeah. He don't do shit. You gotta stop Bruh. Luke Walton won how many games when Steve Ker was out, Luke Walton got a fucking LA coaching job off him. Luke Walton coach Says You don't think Luke Walton coach either? You don't either. Don't talk to me about this. What does CD Lamb do? Go look at you sweating.


Shut up CD Lamb. He Gonna sign CD Lamb. Take his little dumb ass home. They gonna sign him. He gonna sign him. Jerry Jones said what? Jerry Jones say, Hey that's not a priority for me. Right Now's not a priority CD Lamb said LOL Michael Parsons retweeted it. Y'all got issues over there, you don't wanna talk about it. We talk about it later. Yeah, I think I'm going to the Colts game versus Texans first game. Oh yeah. Oh Nice. I think I'm going to that game. Colts versus Texans. Yeah. In Texas Or in my people just here to go to the Pittsburgh game. The Cowboys Pittsburgh Game. I think. I think I am gonna go to that game. Why see what's going on? Zaire or Zaire? Oh yeah. Oh. And and and Houston Kicked up last year so they dumb niggas. I know the coach is mad about it.


And they beat up they young quarterback Beat. He was talking crazy. CJ Top like, yo, listen you got outta like a, a arrogant quarterback. When you arrogant, you young. That shit add a little extra flavor yo. And they just went and got somebody opposite. They They got, they got a squad. Yeah, they gonna be tough squad. Let's see if the soft I gotta go. Case one nigga's trying to turn up on Zia. Man I ain't let, I ain't let that happen. You Gonna Be in a box. I ain't letting that happen. I don't know where I'm gonna be at. Somewhere safe. Hopefully somewhere away from danger. So If they turn up, what you Gonna do run out there? Oh and I wanna shout out that dude and I'm done with sports but the dude last Super Bowl that streaked and also bet on a streaker.


Yeah. Is genius. Yeah. How much he bet like He bet 50 grand, one 400 grand. Something like that. Something something crazy. You want a lick? Man fucking that's gangster. That's smooth. Yo I don Dunno If it's gonna happen so fuck it. No them little elbows, that shit ain't matter. Yeah, I take a half a mil, I'll take a couple punches for a half a mil. Absolutely. He bail Right out. Misdemeanor? Yeah that's some flyback. He bet 50,000. But because he talked and they found out about it, he didn't get paid. Oh damn. Wait, wait, Wait. What Should have kept your mouth Shut? What you mean supposed to get paid before they even talk And what you mean if I talk?


Yeah, like he, Because I guess he let, he let it be known that I put the bet and I was the one that did it. So I got paid before that. Mm. That is unfortunate. Now you gotta show me that in terms of conditions. Yeah. What are we talking like yo dog, I, I got paid already. They he supposed to got paid that day. That next day that money supposed to have been in his account that next day put 50,000 on it and it was supposed to return $374,000 And Lady of the Lake and Lady in the Lake Cleo episode four, whatever episode That is, she found out which horse was gonna win and she went to somebody else and said, Hey place this.


I know you need the money. I'll take my 20% you give such and such over here. Sure enough that horse won. But I mean Cleo died so She got the 20% first. Well don don't know 'cause cliffhanger Gotta Stay tuned. Alright, we are done. We are done. I don't think there's anything else. That is near and dear to my heart and my soul. Let me just check Part of the Show lady and to make sure nobody needs our assistance. Assistance. No, but Lady of the Lake is a old school. No, that's M Knight. Shalon. He did a movie Lady in the Water. Lady Lady of the Lake is based on Excalibur.


Look. I think that does sound familiar Actually it does sound Familiar. Not you. You better know what Excalibur Is. I might be having a senior moment. What King Arthur. Arthur X Caliber. The sword was called Excalibur. Ah. And it was a comic book In a Disney movie. I think King Arthur was 77 different movies. Yes. Your man Sean Connery. Richard Ge, Some movie buff. You are. Would you do a movie with Sean Connery? It is yes in a heartbeat. Isn't he dead? I was gonna say isn't he dead? He Is. He, I can't remember he died.


That is my man. Rest in peace. You'll dig him up This shit. I sure will. Sure the Fuck will. Oh my God man. Is there anybody that you wouldn't do a movie with? Because We still not over that Kevin Space This shit, we just let her Out. Oh, get over it. Hmm. I have to think about that. Alright. Can't really think about anybody right now. Lemme see if this, he died at 90, Huh? 90. Well year. He died 20. 2020 during Covid. Alright, who's this am Preach, preach. Am Preach. Trying to preach. Says reading this for the first time. What up? JBP. Family. Let's talk about the importance of emotional discipline in communicational breakdowns.


Alright. Okay. In my opinion, the lack of objectivity and incorporating of one's personal plights and experiences is not conducive to healthy conversation. Not directed at anyone particularly sober or otherwise influenced by Cabernet. Oh. Shit. And let's, and let's talk about how we can listen to each other while taking multiple points of views with love. Of course. Preach. Preach. Drunk. Preach. What the fuck are you talking about? What is preach talking about? Preach. Listening to each other.


Preach is talking about how we're, we're in a pod. We oftentimes, I'm assuming 'cause I can't speak for them, but in the middle of our conversations we may not listen to each other or take each other's perspective into consideration without arguing. That's what makes us number one. I was gonna Say, yeah, that's part of potting. Yeah, That's arguing. That's Part of the entertainment values. What's wrong bro? I'm just, I'm just translate. Yeah. All preach. Fuck off. I'm, I'm reading. I'm reading. I'm reading. Dude right before you. This is from Eric. Eric what Up? Eric says, oh this is long. Oh he might need some help. Let's see. Eric says, my wife gave me herpes Oh Shit and he needs some help. And she says, didn't cheat on me.


Whoa. So I've been with my wife for 12 years. When, I got her. I was very hyped because she was outta my league to be honest. College edu educated, good job, beautiful, all that shit. But like niggas do, that wasn't enough. So. I started cheating and not coming home, drinking, partying. It was rough. She caught me numerous of times and put me and put me out a few. But she kept taking me back. I couldn't understand why someone with so much going on for herself keeps putting up with my shit. Herpes. So. I finally get my shit together, start treating her like the queen as she is. Everything going great. We get married by a house and get pregnant. Perfect. Right. One night she wakes me up outta my sleep and tells me she has someone she, she has someone she needs to tell me.


I think that supposed to be something, something something. Yeah. She's three months pregnant at this time. She tells me she has herpes and she has had it the whole time we've been together. Shit. My first daughter as well. I don't have that shit. I've been with you six years and never had a breakout or any symptoms. Plus I've been tested a few times in those six years due to me cheating. She actually made me get tested each time. Niggas that's fucked up when you're a girl with herpes is making you get tested. But anyway, that's the story. Another time I always came back clear of all STDs, We talk a little bit and she tells me she Got it from a dude that R worded her when she was 20. Shit. She had told me about the R word but not about the herpes.


I go to sleep thinking we'll talk more about it tomorrow. I believed her. I wake up the next morning to go piss and guess the fuck what? Herpes dick bumps all over my shit. Mm. Yeah but that might have been like the Hena version. Yeah. What the fuck? You can finish reading The story man. I'm sorry. I'm sorry man. Fuck. Sure did love Herpes dicks. Herpes dick bumps all over my shit. I lose my shit. Of course. Like bitch you fucked somebody and gave me herpes and you pregnant now. So I'm questioning the paternity. She said it's because she got pregnant that her immune system could no longer block the spreading of the herpes. Yes. That's why she had to tell me, I go get tested and I really have Herpes.


Oh Oh. Shit. Now I start thinking Oh Shit. It all makes sense. She stayed with me because she had to hurt and she didn't think, she didn't think she could get any that she didn't think she could get anyone else or she cheated on me. I stayed because of the baby. And I do feel like that's my karma coming back. It's been six years since then. Nothing was the, nothing's the same. I can't look at her the same And now I feel trapped. Like I can't even get another woman if we divorce. Do you all believe her story? Do you think you could stay with someone after that? I know this is long as hell.


My bad. Hit me if y'all have more questions. Salute Shit. Does anybody have any more questions? No, that's pretty pretty. That was very detailed. If we wa if it wasn't late, we would call e-money. Does anybody ask some help for him? I mean, I mean you Got it. You Got it already wish so just stay. Yeah you can't Catch it again. Just Pass that shit back and Forth. You can a catch and hopefully You can you change your diet to go dormant your system. Somebody else, they say You can get rid of that shit. You can get rid and And my cousin Ma I gotta store UJA Health Store. He got the cure for herpes Got. it didn't Dr. Se cure herpes.


Okay. UJA in Brooklyn on Avenue. His whole little program, my Empire Avenue. He got the cure for herpes. It is a detox fool. It is a bottle and it got blue writing on it. How you know? I went there and asked him about it. You remember all the bottles? Yeah. I did a video on it. The cure for the her jerk. Marvelous. Wa wa Wawa. I'm laughing her. That's rough Bro. That, is that Yeah. That's rough. That's rough. Oh my God. I'll be tight. I don't even know what I would do in that situation. What the fuck is this? Joice? Stay. Stay.


I feel like this is a crime. It Is, It is, This is a crime To disclose. It is a crime. But it was dormant in her system. She's right. It was dormant in her system. And hold on. She knew she had, she knew all right. Who? It was dormant in her system. And when it's dormant you can't detect it all transmitted. Oh you An expert. Yeah I know her. Oh you expert too, huh? A girl told me that she had herpes When. I was younger and I pop. I did with a condom but I still pop. I didn't care she was fired but I was younger. Yeah. I took my chances. I don't get my fuck. She was fine. But still at this stop I was young.


That is When. I was living in Brooklyn. Please Yo, Hold on. Lemme finish nigga. I'm sorry. So if It is do sister, her hormones can cause that when your hormones a different reaction and stuff like that, it can cause an outbreak. So she's right. So she probably started when she got pregnancy in the outbreak and When you have an outbreak and you touch somebody else's skin that causes them to get an operate. So let me Ask you a question. I understand all you saying all of that sounds plausible, all that sounds accurate. But if you know now that you're pregnant and you are starting to experience outbreaks, my man says she was three months pregnant. you right when he woke up to the Nestle Crunch on his dick Oh Shit. Why would she not tell him the same I think that that's what I think she's she's wrong. you know what I'm saying? She's wrong a hundred percent.


She's definitely wrong. She's wrong a hundred percent because not only that but That is a crime though. You can't be, you can't willingly transmit Not only that, you tell him because now you may have passed that to our child. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Children get it. Yes. And Maybe had he known prior to that, I might not have been gnat you. you know what I'm saying? Like he didn't, you took choices away from dude Agreed. Thousand. Yeah. Yeah. You niggas out there that are fucking women with herpes Niggas do all the time Protected or unprotected. I'm not knocking your hustle but during the winter cold that shit, that shit d that No bump on their mouth. No I'm talking about when it get cold and your dick little helmet get that freezing ice.


That little little freezing Crut You get that little winter, you know you get that little winter cross, you know. Disgusting. Everybody, Dick is my dick. Don't no crus nigga. Hey, in the winter time, oh move the shaft back. What You not Sauce, just move the shaft back. That niggas Not size. Move the shaft back to see Crust When. you. Yo. You are disgusting bro. I that nigga freak nasty Son. It's light skinned shit. No it ain't. You out your mind nigga. Ain't nothing light skinned about that Around here. Poor Crusty. Hey just get a baby wipe and wipe This shit off man.


Yeah, that ain't really herpes. That's just a little winter cold. Hey yo ladies, y'all think anything get cold in the winter but your dick on you. You ladies too at night. Listen, the cold coastal line is getting old. You got Herps and We know Every coastal is the herps. True. Oh there you go. One of them, one of It is Herb. Simplest one. It is We know. we know, we Know. I'm just saying but like stop trying to push the cold so shit too much and try and stop popping it too. It's gonna get worse. Oh Alright. I I've seen a couple of them pop it. Mel. Can you, what is, is There, I cannot speak to this at fucking all What? You can't speak to herpes? Not at All. One of your gifts is to articulate. Yeah, yeah. Articulate. You can't speak.


Throw some Path. Okay. What were you gonna ask me? I was gonna ask like can You speak? No. Why me Out Is It, is there like an identifier of a herp dick? Like is there, is there something that You can tell? I have thankfully never Cro come across one. Thank God So I don't know. But she's 1000% wrong. She should have disclosed before they even got married. She should have disclosed before they had sex. Yeah she should have disclosed like in the beginning of their relationship she should have disclosed I That's disgusting. Like that's It is. That's fucking reprehensible. It is. Yeah you niggas out there with that little bit of discoloration at the tip of your shit.


Does like does herpes make your dick drippy? I don't Nigga I don I. don Herp. Like we the fucking herpes pro. I mean I'm just asking. I'm not the company. Don don't the jerk. No just want their act on that. I'll end it. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. Sleeper, sleeper. Sorry for bro. We I bad dog. Sorry. Stay. That sucks. You already there. He should call the police because That is a crime. Yeah, that's a crime man. What he gonna do? Lock his baby mama up. That's his wife. You gonna lock her up? Yep. And she make more money than him. You can't even cheat proper anymore. Oh that's rough. You can't even fight back. Ah, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see.


I am going with an artist by the name of Major. Nine And this record is called Soul Ties. Seeing here staying at your picture with a slight grin. Even though you hate me. I know you'll let me fall again. Them Soul Ties got you stuck again. And I ain't never been in love. I swear to God I want love again. Serious issue though. You need some tissue. You ain't talking to the only nigga that could fix you.


You say I got some growing up to do. I just want to fall with you feeling like I'm star with you Won't touch your horn to blow your flu through. Rainy. Nice. Could turn into some sunny things. Says contemporarily take this paint away. Major Nine to these hoes. But you come babe. And that's only When. you fucking with me. Tell me if you fucking with me pussy ain't nothing to me. I just need some help. We be focused on everybody and everything but ourself. You so hurt and you know how the law and you don't give a fuck. But self-respect won't let you, let give a fuck. I'm I feel like turning off. Fuck the world without a room full of demons. I'm still fighting. I ain't giving off. Tell me if it's real enough and look me in my eyes even though I don know what I'm doing man.


Nigga try and I ain't never tell you lies. I'm two G for that. Them Soul Ties will leave you. Ain't no keeping that. And I ain't never tell you lies. I'm too g for that. Them Soul Ties will leave you. Ain't no keeping that. That's why I'm sitting here staying at them pictures with a slight grin. Even though you hate me. I know you'll lemme fuck again them Soul. Ties got you stuck again. And I ain't never been in love but I, I swear to God I want her love again. Serious. You do some tissue, you hate talking to the only nigga that could fix you. You say I got some growing up to do. I just want with you feeling like I'm start with YOU. DON touch your horn. Blow your turn into some states says temporarily take this pain.


No way. Major Nine to the world but you call me babe and that's only When. you fucking with me. Tell me if you fucking with me pussy ain't nothing to me. I just need some help. We be focused on everybody and everything but ourself. YOU, DON hurt. you know how to law and you don't give a fuck. But self-respect won't let you, let just any nigga go fuck them. Matt. I feel like turning the fuck the world out A Glo room full of demons. I'm still fighting. I ain't giving no tell me if this's real or nothing look me in my eyes even though I don't know what I'm doing. Damn. At least a nigga try and I ain't never tell you lies. I'm too G for that. Them Soul Ties will leave you hard. This ain't no keeping there And I ain't never tell you lies. I'm too G for that.


Them Soul Ties leave you ain't no keeping there. That was Major. Nine. That record is called Soul. Ties. I love the way he cut the beat up in the end. Sound like he wanted to come back and she's not Even though it's called Soul. Ties gotta make a song about him. She left nigga it's over. Yeah. That nigga sound frustrated at the end of that full Time Man. No she going nigga she's outta there. Little Stressed. I'm, I'm going down to Delaware. I played this young lady's music before. Her name is Lehla Samia record is called Proud To Be Your Girl. Hm. Lemme give some volume Here. Yeah let's turn that up. We up. Alright. Way to go right back.


Y'all know what this Proud Never and there's no, you know I love you down Rock YOU DON You.


I hope you feel the same as I. don It is no conversation. You just that no exaggeration.


Just you earned It. When. you come through and you I you feel the same as I do. It is true. YOU. DON deserve.


But When they So y'all, you know Don't be scared. Put And again that record is Proud To Be Your Girl Lehla Samia.


And believe it or not, that's Gotti's artist. That's CMG. Oh for real. Oh. wow. Okay. She's fired. You see jd, Brian, Michael Cox? Yeah I saw all the credits on there. Salute. I'm gonna Rochester, this is 38. Spesh and Method. Man. Speshal Methods. Hey y'all like said protect. We take extra steps. Pigs never with me. The neck It is the my radio. I pray the cops don't expect the death. We like superheroes catching me and my best friends like the X Man call me Professor Y'all is why they arrest Connects these guys calling non recorded lines like they collecting debt.


Told my bitch get your sexy dress. Yes, they put me on the list plus one. You my selected guest. Huh? Rap niggas best vest. My worst night mans waking up bro. I gotta get some. Last week I had to check my ex in the gym doing extra sex. I pray God direct my steps. They say I'm a respected chef 'cause I could spend a Erv and get a square like a etch of sketch In 30 years. Special. This is pressure for no cash with you. Get in this free smoke. There's a tester with no gas, just bars. No I'm in charge. It's a Tesla to call my cigar. If you see stars, It is extra. No AJ Calloway. Y'all ain't even stars You an extra until I call your name.


You don't even talk you Alexa. No use in trying to catch up. I'm next up. Y'all try and drip the most but end up with your water Pro third trimester big meth. Laugh not Dexter. If you thinking reckless, find your body right where I left it. Think I Man B Dexter just accepted to find an exit. Trying to find the leverage. Just don't push me like mail. Mail on Gmail. Still trying to find a message. Hard to describe him. Trying to find a reference. Find a reverend for your confession. But Nee you're trying to find a blessing to see for effort Wutang is not the effort with Speshal. Methods Speshal Methods Speshal Methods the Show before Chasing Bro.


Get some money. It's 30 A Spesh Met the Man. Speshal Methods special. Got a album coming out Friday. That is super dope. Method Man. Think he 25 again. Yo. For real? He probably, I'm going everywhere. Yeah, I've heard him on Mad Shit lately. I'm going to Ombre It's Back. Song is called You Don't Know featuring Alex. Isley.


Same. And I just keep checking for you. Give you my heart and whatever else you want baby. Who you think I be singing to? We could be but your made up. You It is That's Ombre.


You don't know featuring Alex. Isley. Why Big Mouth? My sleeper is called Prototype by Bellah Sons of Sonics. How you It was so You can In Love with the love.


That is Bellah. Prototype. That's fire. That's fire. Right Nigga. Fuck. I like that shit. What happened? You good? What Happened? I was saying about I was We on air. This is live Now. I was just saying that my wife and I, you know It is just, we was having some fun. We like when she get a little mad, it's funny to me. It's just funny. She got mad and she's funny. She don't play. She over, she like she because she's short so she tried to overcompensate with her aggression. It's funny. And I just laugh. She stole off on you? She grabbed me up one time. She like, she tried to do some trick like with her the fingers to put in the, that shit don't want Skinny big, some karate shit. Like she trying to grab my throat.


Like Aaba? Yeah. That she watched him with Steven. I be dying it working. That shit called me on guard. She called me on one time. Yeah. Gave nigga remember this stupid shit. Yeah. You can't say that though. You can, you Can't say that No more. That's a a Move. I know the move. That shit hard. I used to do it to people. They did it to me. But can't call it a bird no more. What we call a Native American bird nigga get it.


That's funny. Huh? Shout to Mel. She, She, when we need you to articulate for others, you just, you just won't do it. She Who do you want me to articulate for? She about to be in the magazine. They returning a king For you Model Edition. Good girl. They returning. Oh wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on, hold On, hold on. Black Jet Black. You about to model for Jet. You looking girl you looking I don Dunno what to say but I, I'ma say this as your brother. 'cause niggas be thinking I'd be, you know, you know you looking magnificent. Thank you. I appreciate that you walked around here. you know I don. No Slow walk brother. I know. If you trying to look like It was a slow walk today Too. I don't know if you trying to look 25 or whatever, but you, you, you pulling it off. I promise. I'm Not trying to do, she normally tries not to get off of the couch normally.


Yes. That, that last time she did the walk around it was super fast. You you correct. But as of late, she just let our shit go. You got the sundress episode where you was getting up off the couch doing the Janet Jackson polls grabbing your own. I mean, respectfully. Today we got a slow, Slow, can I say something? Slow stroll Now PE And flip is right. You looking? Yeah, everybody I wanted to say this. Please do not charge this to my personal business thing 'cause It is not a personal business. You're looking please. I have a bet to the end of the year not to bring 'em. Anybody who's bet with somebody bet me $10,000 that watch the show. Holy shit. I have a personal bet. But here's the thing. I notice every time Mel come up here, she has new jewelry on and you know this isn't new.


I know, but just my mind just be going all over the place. Damn Mel get into it. No, no, no. This isn't new. This isn't new. Nothing's New. I'm just saying but whatever. Let me just think what I want. I'm big You up. She getting into it. Thank you. Thank you. Young niggas is tricking on her. She can. Something is new about you. Something she With the scammers. We think It is here. Hey, you came to work. It is not cold in here. I'm trying to figure something. Is Is she right through that shit nigga with the light? Isn't that against the law to wear a white beat without a bra? It, It worked. It is not against the law. Oh okay. Put This shit on. It is against the Law to say some of that shit. You saying lie.


I did not Know that that's what she was doing. Nah, don don't even know what I. don know what got on beat me. Please. Down. You're not dressed like this because of our guests. No, I can't just wanna look Nice. You Could and that's saying that I don't look nice Other times.


Mel I'll snitch on you. Blow this whole shit up. Something though. What something Is it here? I can't quite put my finger on It. Wait, I had braids last episode. Oh, so that might be it. It could be that. Yeah it could. It could be that I. think that might be it On the wing zone.


Might be the jeans, maybe the wedges, maybe the hair complexion, complexion. I can't quite something. She gonna be upbeat. I was tan, I was you Know, outside tanning this weekend. It was nice Weekend. And the JBTV community gonna loop up you walking around the table in slow motion. Hey, hey mic check. 1, 2, 1, 2. Hopefully y'all enjoyed this episode as much as we enjoyed delivering it to you. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time. I You farewell Adio Sirva head Goes Neo beat trade songs and the verses 20 songs.


Yes. Yes, yes, yes. Neo's Pin is involved too. Yeah, it's tight. It's tight. It's still tight. I think Neo wins with it's close. I think Neo wins. It ain't, it ain't no layup though. I think Neo wins but it's close. Neo wins. It's not easy. It ain't, it ain't, it's not easy. Yeah, it ain't the easiest to draw. It ain't as easy as they saying. I don't know what Trey does to get this outta here though. Hey, play your worst song when this come on nigga. Just take the L. I'm taking the L against this. What can Trey play against This shit. Something off invented X Something off and ready. Invented sex. Ain't bad. Invented sex. Great.


Oh Yeah. Cool. What you got winning this or invented sex? I like invented sex over this one. Okay, Mike shake. Mike Shake. Alright. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. And last, but certainly not least, the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel in a close minded women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol, you might need it again. Congratulations to all the Olympic medalists.


Made the round of applause for y'all as well. Thoughts and prayers. Go out to sir and d. Smoke. Y'all holding down man. Have a great week. We'll be back. Same time, same place this weekend. That little wrinkle under This shit is a slap.


But you know how toxic you gotta be to make this record. What? Your chick is mad as a fucking shoe This shit. You're sitting there This shit. Yo, your dick is on rock. You grabbed a pen and paper somehow too. I wanna fuck you when you're mad. That's dismissive. That's horrible. Hey, Anybody doing anything fun this week? Anything fun this week? Anything fun this week? Filming.


Alright man, we gone y'all hold it down. Peace, love, health. Wealth and prosperity, man. Amazing. Amazing. In that sexy love. Just come on, right? Sexy love. JBP. JBP. Where would you be without the.