
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show talk. That shit over here just gone. You, you what up YI was trying to make a blasting tiktoks or some shit. I don't know. Watching. I was trying to make a ah, Oh, you got a new BMW ad.


Oh Fuck you. That's hate. I was asking. That is hate. Is it dog? I wish I had a BMW Ad. No, I am promoting part two of my episode of Hot and Bothered Raising This Sun. Oh. Behind and box. Keep it the fuck up. What You look like? You look like the Wait, listen. You like the actresses from back Throwback Razor in the sudden heat of the night. All, all the way Cindy PO eight. She got the Cindy PO eight actress Dirty Rat in the heat. That a not Cotton comes to hold Cotton.


I'm sorry. No sir. Which, Which part? What part? Because the way you, the way you walked in with the, with the wrap on your head. The scarf on my head. You Lick a free sl. Wait, hold You nigga got the elevator with us and like, Oh Shit. What, what type of rapper That is? Bullshit. Nigga had makeup under our eyes. I had makeup under, I listen, I wasn't fully ready when I left the house. Okay. So I figured, Oh, you went in the bathroom and did your blend? I did. Oh, I Did. Look, it looks, look at a terminology. He had a makeup company. You forgot did. Oh, that's true. Yeah, that's true. Didn't have a makeup company. She might have had a long night nigga. Mind y'all business, you know, everything blend. Huh? Might have just been getting home. Oh, you wasn't home last night? I don't really remember where I was yesterday.


Here We go. Oh Jesus. On The Main Line. You wasn't home last night? No, I went, I, I slept in my bed. No Matter of fact I called her. What time did you get in your bed? I called you last night. And you said that you were doing something with trees. I was. I was. Okay. Thank you for reminding me. You're welcome. I went from helping my girlfriend decorate, hang, Hanging. Look up a monkey. The monkey had a hanging. Hang on. Hang over the bed. Girl Monkey Means so many things according to you. I don't even wanna ask what It is.


She can't really hang like, no disrespect, but she can't do that. She too like I can hang. I know you're not. Yes I can hang. You can't do the, you can't do the young tricks. Ma'am. You can't hang off the bed with your head. You gonna fucking catch a seizure nigga. All blood rush through your head. You gonna faint me. Yeah. This nigga is so stupid. I gotta to call the ambulance. Yeah. With the exception of Parks, Corey and Poe. I'm probably like the fittest person in this room so I know you're not motherfucking talking. Hold, hold above me because nigga, she know you real life Parks shit.


Not that fit. Nigga Parks shit. He thought he did. I said Parks Thought he did something. What'd you get off me? Sorry, I meant to throw you in there. There you go. Thank you. Okay. Tell my nigga don't call for it. You fucked up. Yo. It is over. It's over. E stop. It all happened to all of us. So Anyways, I remember Tommy was over for me too, outside the supermarket. Yo, take me back. So anyways, bitches Kept swiping, her shit ignored me. Yo. I came to buy some groceries at your supermarket. Somebody stop him. No, I'm ignoring Go Ahead. I was Christmas decorating with a girlfriend and then I went to a party.


You lied to me man. No I didn't. She's doing something with trees. I spoke to her. She said I'm leaving my home girl's house. But just put finish putting up a treat. Yeah, I'm going home. But you went to a party. Melyssa call Home. I went, I went to the party in between, she Went to club home. Flip Mel lies to us. Us. I did both things. Do you think you lie intentionally or you think it's your age? Oh Shit. What the Fuck? I'm gonna tell you. Why? Because you, you made lie by mistake. The older that you get, you made me forgetting something. So I'm senile. That's What's happening. Jesus. On no man. What you want? No, I don't think you senile, but you do lie a lot man. I don't lie a lot. Okay, Listen.


I just have a Fuck Dommel live Parks. If The white man said I pod, if the white man said I pod just a little fibber, Maybe they're just unproven facts. Girl, you tried to Like my pancakes. You tried to join. She ain't got no pancakes. You tried to join Mark Lamont Hill the other day. Cossaw some shit. Like Yeah. Yeah, that's a fact. And then when we asked you, you had no idea what you was talking about. What Was it? Penn Station. I forgot what that Newark Penn station's closer than New York. Penn Station? Yep. Ah, potato. Potato. No, no, no. Tomato, tomato, Potato, egg cream, tomato, onion, watermelon. Nigga. Listen. I'm new to Jersey. Okay? I don't know.


Shit. All we go, let's get it. What we got? What We got parts. Come On, gimme the line. Gimme the just gimme the just the the. I gotta know.


Shake that thing. Miss that thing. Miss S that thing and Rebecca get with Oh my Jamaican people stand up, Plug To Them, Give them, give them a run.


Yes. Give them a run. Yes, yes, yes. Hey, Well I don't really, what people say, I don't really watch Skinned niggas had a nice nigga fish grease. This is when it came outside. Nigga stop stealing time. Used to dance. He stop stealing. I'm go to skate Roller. So stupid though. This nigga was hot. So this was a crazy, this was like fish grease. Yeah. Nigga That, that was longer than that. Mel and Amani. Iani. Sorry. I wanna get the drops out the way. Thank you. Carry on.


Carry On, carry on. I gotta get a drop. No, we good. Nah, after, after this run it's be more than a drop. We need, we need a puddle Nigga. After This shit, we need a puddle Nigga. What episodes? This Pickety? 7 84. 7 84. Welcome to, brought to you by, presented by Oh carry on. Welcome to the Joe Button podcast. Episode 7 84. No, no, no. We gonna call this the no button Podcast. No button podcast. Welcome to the no Button Podcast episode 7 84. Yo, get your breath. Yo. That out playing. Yeah, you pond the river. Go ahead nigga.


I'm gonna let you crack jokes. Get my, that's what niggas do during a fight. Fight where this ball wrestle. Nigga get the wrestle or until he get his ref back. Welcome to the Joe Biden podcast, episode 7 84. No, I'm here. Welcome to episode 7 84 of the Joe Button Podcast. Okay. Presented by Yes, Sponsored by Power. By by powered by prize. That was dope. Yeah. Yeah. You're, I'm flying. You walked in for the conference like they did Ian, I was fire. Yeah. Yeah. That was fire. Shout to to that. Shout to Joe who is still dealing With you.


Yeah. Shout to Joe who's still dealing with personal issues. I am one of your hosts, QueenzFlip, along with my other co-host. We have to the right straight out of a Pam Greer, straight out of, I'll take that shit. Work straight out Athens, Georgia, out Savannah, Georgia. Huh? South Carolina. Yeah. With Biloxi. Straight out. Straight out of a Harry ba Lafonte music. What's on nigga? Man? The hottest, the illest the smartest in the room. Even though she brings us back a thousand years with her outfits.


Oh my God. What the Fuck? Front floors. Melyssa fold. What's up now? I think she looks nice today. Thank you. You look Nice. You're welcome. Look beautiful. You're the best. It's cold and I don't really wanna put a lot of thought into it. I feel you. Listen, I almost, I almost put on sweats, but I don't wanna get made fun of again. Yeah. So You, you know what I thought of some Sweat it out when I went home Parks. I thought of this right? Yeah. Melyssa. If it wasn't for Joe and Melyssa for whatever road that she was in her life, she, she wouldn't be hanging out with niggas. Like she just walk right past me. Opac like Joe, that's fucked up. That's It. Is It is. You wanna hang out Mel? Yeah. You only respect power. Oh Shit, you do. Oh Shit. That is such a fucking lie. Take it back right now. I take it back.


Meaning that you respect people. What Ish It is. Okay. Span Spanky. I didn't wanna say that nigga is No, but listen, rat two, he talking about Mel is cool. Like is cool or she was cool. It is before us though, so. Yeah. But she ignored that nigga back in the day on the balcony right past him on the balcony. That nigga who you want my balcony? What's your name? Who you came with. Yeah. You so stupid. Who let you in? She shot. We also have, I'll Take another drink To Right The freest of the freeze. The fucking Building. S Go ahead. King Wawa himself. Live Berry.


The second smartest in the room. So, and then we got Mr. Bojangles himself. Oh Shit. Oh Shit. Doing something. Holy. Yo. Yo. Hey money. Emanny, Emanny, Emanny, Emanny. Yeah man, Piggy. And then last but certainly not least, we got Piggy Parks. The coolest, coolest of the cool.


Thank you. And then we got Erickson, we got Corey, we got Poe. We probably have Avon and a whole bunch of motherfuckers. Tan or everybody listening remote. And last but not least, we got y'all. Come on. Come on, come on. Shit. Might need to do the intro some more. Please do voicemail for me. I wanna be a mighty Camera. Ladies and gentlemen, this is what happens when you renew your contract and you're trying to overdo it. Y'all By the way, did you guys know that? I'm in the make it clap video. So what We Fast.


Yeah, just let that go by. You're in the Make it clap dancing. So wait, hold on. There's the Make it clap. The remix. The remix with Busta Rhymes. That's the one I'm in. Make it Clap. Is Busta rhymes You about the remix with Sean? No, Sean. But Busta rhymes. I'm just gonna go check. I'm just, oh, make it clap. What was you clapping? Oh Shit. Not a motherfucking thing. If you know my career, no problems. They paid me not to dance Man. Just look. Just stand there and look good. That's, that was my word. Jumping or Jump into a Jump into a pool. It is. It is. It is With Sean Paul. Yeah. And Slip Star. Don't do that. What part, what part are you in this video? Mel? Can you tell me? She played Bullet of Ford. Yep. I slapped somebody. Were you in the cage?


No, I'm in a red dress. I'm like the lady in red walking through and I think some guy like I grabs me or something like that and I turn around and like slap the shit out of him and that's it. Oh, There's some joints in this video? Yeah, there's some nice joints in there. How you get away with all the lead? Hmm? What was the lead girl? What's her name? I don't Remember. I don't remember if there was a lead. I feel like it was just like, That's no lead. Girls. Girls. Just, Yeah. Principles. Yeah. Oh that's what it's called. Yeah. So when there's no lead girl. So like with Big Pimping or like hey Poppy and all the videos that have like a bunch of girls, but then there's like features. Oh see they're called principles. Oh he slapped your A. Oh that was you. Oh Shit was fat. Oh Shit was fat Ish.


Oh Shit. That shit was fat back then. That shit hanging there. But shit was fat. Damn. Nah, she had to, she had to. Girl you're shaped like a Al so sweet. Oh he really? Oh he really had to slap your joint. I did. Yes. Yes. I slapped the shit outta him. I'm sorry, who? To whoever that was. I have a question about that though Mel, real quick before we get to the topics. During those video shoots, right, did the girls congregate? Is that the word? Am I using it right? Like were they, did they mingle when guys were in the back room? Did they mingle with each other? Did some try to compete to go out before each other? Because I hear these things like as far as today, like girls, we trying to, they snake each other backstage and It depends.


Did that happen? It it depended on the set. Like okay. So sometimes like a lot of us knew each other. So a lot of the girls like, 'cause X was from Toronto, little X, or sorry, director X, he was from Toronto so he had like his whole stable of girls. And so since we all knew each other, because he kept using us on all his projects. That's Gonna let her say that, right? Yep. What? Her finish, let her finish. I Missed it. Wait, using well What stable he talking about stable girls. I know what you talking about. Go. Okay, well come on now. So anyways, it was almost like kinda like family, you know what I'm saying? Like we didn't compete with each other. As a matter of fact, depending, everybody Know their place, right?


Well yeah and depending what Was the bottom? Yeah, I don't know. I was never there. But depending, they Did a documentary about stuff like this bottom. What Yeah was I say American pimp. Oh Shit. Fucking sickos. It was one of HBO O too. Yeah. The point at the point Huggers at Hunts Point. Yes. What the fuck? No, no, no, no. He said it. He ain't like that boj shit. One day. Gold is gold. So anyways, De, depending on how predatory the, you know, circumstances were was how we interacted with each other. So on certain sets we fucking like we're back to back like beavers.


So did Y defend each other? Hold on. Okay, so here's, here's lemme translate what that means. Okay, so when, that's like The old school sling. Yeah, back to back. That's not what I gotta be. Yo, because beepers are not back to back. No. When in order not to drown, beavers will sleep back to back. So one keeps six and the other one goes to sleep. That is how they prevent themselves from drowned. Thank you. I didn't know. So girls, we would literally like keep your head on a swivel. I'm going to kind of knock out because it's like long fucking days and we just kind of, well what About the men Manage our, you know, our, our hypervigilance of our safety. What about the men that was predatory? How did you guys, you know, help each other in that situation?


Or somebody just took one for the team? Fuck that. Well, I'm, I can't, we would just try to remain in groups. Got it. Got It. You, you know the answer. I know We remain in groups Man. You good? We do our best. Are you bleaching? Yeah. What the fuck are you, what am we talking about? I'm Shaking my head. Look, I'm just showing y'all what happened right here. Oh, sorry. That's, I don't know. Dirt. Yeah. Alright, Listen, get off Me. We have such a good show. We do. We do. We do. How's everyone's weak? Great. Do anything great. Great. Quiet. I did some press. I did some press week. Oh yeah, I saw you. Gonna a little press run man. Pardon me? Start to do some press for the project. That's why you got That jacket. I'm doing some press later. Ooh, You got The gator jacket.


You want the python out for the press? Yeah. Now dis some press some really, really dope interviews and you know, spots just getting reacclimated to being an artist out. The other, lemme ask you e other car goes on too too. How, how it feel moving around. Like press all that shit after because you took a break 10 years. Yo. That's What I'm saying. How's it feel now? That Was a break, nigga. That was, that was a hiatus. That was a hi. That was a fall off. Oh Shit. See I do it. You're my man. I ain't gonna do all that. That's Crazy. I got you. That's yeah, that's what I've been good. It's been good. Honestly, I stop doing it today is totally different from doing it Then How?


So? I don't feel, I don't feel like I'm being forced to do it. Okay. He stop. You don't feel like you're being forced because you're trying to get back into the mix, nigga, if you, no, no, that's The Funny part. If you probably requested nigga, you'll be forced. I feel like also being true a potter now, it's probably a little easier to go. It's different. I'm not now going this solely just to talk about music. What I being able to present myself So in a different light. So It is, the questions aren't solely based, music based. It's like, oh let's now get to know you. But you also put out a quietly project. Like those three songs Was fired. People. That shit was amazing. I gotta, I'm playing but this a lot of love from the industry, you know, quietly and loudly.


And This shit been dope. So I'm, I'm happy. Has it like encouraged people to go back to like Yeah your catalog go back to Other records. Be like Dope. Like a lot of the the viewership I get my pub. What pub? I wrote a couple of little joints. Yeah. Fuck out. I can't get My pub. Nah, you ain't got dope. Nah, but nah, it's been, It is been dope. So that was my week. Just got running Around. Good, good. What up? How was your week? Parks? Uneventful. Uneventful. Went to the hospital. I Did Broken orbital. Okay. Really? Damn. Really? Yeah, a broken, Fractured, whatever the fuck the Word It is. Yeah. Orbital fractured. Yeah. What Do you need me to say? No, we got, I got you. No, no we was there. You don't want to cut us in on the claim? Yeah, We saw we were good. You ain't French nigga. You just said you're Jamaican.


You wee we. Yeah. Get your Ass outta here. Yo. This nigga crazy. But other than that I feel good man. Good, good Ice. What's up, up? Nah, nah. I had a very quiet week man. I didn't really do much anything. Okay. Very quiet week. Very quiet week. No good. It's great. Shout to you Ish. Life's good. Oh, I ain't do much. Start putting my tree up. That's it. Really. I ain't do shit Together as a family. Yeah. Oh, you put a star or angel On top of your trip. Do you do Christmas cards? Hold On. I do. I could tell if you white or black. No, not to us. That is crazy. But I could tell if you white or black. Now did you have music playing in the background while you were putting your tree up?


I don't remember my, my daughter probably had Alexa playing some shit. I could tell if you white or black, we'll go on top of your tree. Malcolm X s Go on top of the tree like this star angel. It depends. What'd you wear in the Christmas cards? Matching onesies this year. Nothing. Sweaters. This year is Nutton. Last year. Last year it was making Christmas card the family. This year we just sent my daughter. Did You lift your daughter up to let her put the star on or you put it yourself? No, I did that. Oh, okay. My tree con tall. That's, I forgot. That's what said high Ceiling.


Don't disrespect 12 ceilings in the crib man. I wish. What color is your treat Us here? The theme. There's no color theme. Oh it's just regular. You just throwing anything. Yeah. Got you. Okay. Shout Out to you. The colorful lights, red, green and black ornaments. And then now In, he got Malcolm mix. The background. I got Dr. Omar on top. I got Dr. Omar on the top of the tree. Put whoop on the tree. I got Dr. Ima get that nigga back. I'm gonna get that nigga going Back. No. So now when I, when I travel me my girl and then we'll just buy one for the baby. We get an ornament from every country that I go to. Oh that's good. So I kind of Try to do that. Nice. So when you go the gift shops at the countries, they have Christmas ornaments.


That's five. So we try to do that at every place I go to now. That's wealth. Yeah It is. Think an ornament cost $10 to get to the country. You don't cost $10. And on top of that To preserve. To preserve and save the ornaments from breaking. Nah. Yeah, you take your time. But the hot money man. Huh? He wrapped Up shit in boxes and keeps Shit on the backs of Jamaicans. Yeah, I know. On the backs of Jamaicans. Nice. Yeah. Fe how was your week? What you broke? Relaxed. We're white people boy. Bullshit. Bullshit. We are doing a family dinner. We are hosting a family dinner with all my family comes to see the house for the first time. Mm. Next Week you got your couch?


No. You ain't inviting nobody from the pod word. No. Yeah we not family. It's cool. No, it's crazy. Mm. But she's been, she's just been trying to get everything together. She's been texting me. You know what, I've been having issues though, where I realized today that my thoughts, It is just, I'm like this in my mind. Cloudy. No not cloudy, but A DHD. Yeah. Everywhere. Jumping everywhere. So I'm not able to accomplish anything. Me too. I Go through that sometimes. So By the time, by the time I'm trying to accomplish something, the time has passed away. It's like nine. So I'm thinking about something at three o'clock of how much things I have to do. So I start to do it. Then I pick up my phone, I go on Twitter, then I write something to bassy. I'm doing all this stuff at one time. And then by, It is nine o'clock at night, 11 o'clock The store on cold Take.


I find the writing lists. Writing list helps. I say To do list to-do lists help. They help You. But the to-do list helps we to-do list. Does it really help from your mind jumping? For me it Does. Yes. Yes, yes. Because when you think about the thing that you gotta do, write it down. 'cause you won't forget it. I gotta do that. I'm swear to And I just start attacking all those tasks in order as you write down, boom, lemme get this and Feels good. Cross them shits off too. Just cross 'em Off. I mean they try to also give you some healthy shit like ganga berry or some shit. Like the take this, take that goji, Ginkgo baloba. Yeah, whatever. Same shit. Ganga, berry, ginkgo, baloba, goji, goatee. But they try to give you That is it to relax you Mental acuity. It's Sharpen your Joint mental acuity.


Okay. But do, do we attribute this to anxiety man? Is it like anxiety come? It might be, It Is part of That. Is it like a little bit anxious and stuff like that? Might You Go to bed? It's all tied in together. Typically. What time you go to bed Late? It depends. I go To bed three or four o'clock every Day. But yeah, I try to go to bed at 11. But if I'm anxious thinking about the pod or what I gotta do, then I'm up. Find something to shut your brain off. Yeah. I play little, I I I turn the screen off and play the rain shit. Yo. That helps Indica. Yeah. I'm not smoking weed. Go smoke it. Take edible. Take Edible. Want No Mike Tyson ears. I'm Those are fire. I'm, listen, I not even joking though. I'm dead serious. I took The edible. Something is wrong with you niggas 'cause your friend don't smoke and you guys are trying to I'm Trying to you to smoke.


I'm trying to get you to clear your mind. So a edible, a half of an edible. I'm gonna go therapy relaxed. Thank you. That's True. Okay. Alright, Let's move on. Thank You Nigga. Joe would've said. All right. We did it guys. We did it. Yeah, we did. We did. We did it shouts the Joke. We, we, we want to get to it. Everyone seems a little, little Appreh To me. Of course we're hesitant. Some of us are hesitant because we are friends of both parties. Respect. Totally understandable. Whoever's not friends of both parties. You know, Let's start with some, introduce, Introduce the Subjects both Pap and Remy. Yes. Yes. We love you both. Yes. Yeah. Unfortunately we have to Talk. Talk about it. Yes. Because it has occupied everybody's for you. Page. It is all over the place. Timeline for you. Timeline for you page, Explore page.


It is nuts. So can you Send this in Mail? I'm sorry. I mean honestly I can't, I don't, I feel like somebody else here might unders might be able to like show the timeline of events as We Don't know as to how we got here. I'll be honest with you, I I was thrown off. 'cause at first I, I just started seeing people retweet stuff and I didn't know who started the conversation. But apparently Remy had took to the internet to Show text messages About, speak about a text message that she found from Pap and Clarissa Shields. No, I think what happened, or maybe I'm wrong, I don't wanna cut you off. Pardon me? They said that Pap came home one day and was talking to Clarissa Shields and fell asleep on The phone.


Yeah. So she, so yeah, so Remy, so Remy S that how we got here was her. Yes. Taking this conversation and putting it online though. So he, So pretty much that's where we got and you know, of course people were gonna react retweets and everything and it forced pap to go to the internet and defend himself and start sharing some, some moments which then led to Clarissa responding. And now she's saying, come on, just pull up and we can just handle the one, two. Mm. It's unlike both of 'em to be This shit. I'm Surprised, honestly. I'm very Surprised. Shocked. Me too. I thought it was fake when I first saw it. I'm like, okay, y'all are playing with them again. 'cause we've, you know, let's keep it a buck.


We've all heard rumors for a little bit. We have, But again, we respect people's privacy. We not gonna, we are not sitting here to try to pinpoint something together. But once y'all put it on the internet, It it's like, Oh Shit, this is really happening. This is for real. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I thought it was some Photoshop shit at first. I'm like, I'm not, they wouldn't move like that word. But they did, The first thing I thought of when I saw all this kind of unfolding was how quick people are to say, oh my god, couple goals. You know, oh, I wanna be just like them. And you have no idea what is going on behind, you know, the highlight reel that people choose to show online, you know, on, on Instagram or whatever the case is.


This, This one was a little different because they literally branded themselves as black love. No, I understand that. So I like, I get other ones where you just see somebody they look happy and people are like, oh, I want to be, I want that. But you don't know that that happiness is a, that could be a front, you don't know what's going a Thousand. But this was Literally a brand, like They exuded it for a decade Plus. Yeah, this was A little different. Not however long. 15, however long it was. 'cause even while she was Locked, incarcerated. Yep. It was still a couple goals. You know what I'm saying? Then they came out and ute to them, they made themselves huge via love and hip hop and all the various media that they've done. So do you feel like they, That is the purpose for why the, I don't know, I'll just use a word that might be wrong, but like the disintegration of their relationship or like what are just the difficulties that they're having?


Why That is so public is because they're, the good times have been as public. So now we have to like, we have to show both sides. You think It, I think people just get fed up. Some people just get fed up, don't know how to react. And I think it's a human reaction to go to the first place where you think you're supposed to be heard. Which is the internet. I I, oh I think it's let me get mine out before they get theirs out. Yeah. But I think it's opinion based. I think the public opinion wasn't necessarily necessarily swaying rem. Yeah. And so I think that she was like, yo, let me go out and tell my Side of the story too. And we haven't seen them together in a while.


And it was already the rumors of, you know, the easy thing. So I think, you know, you go to a battle and someone's putting in they bars. So whether we knew the truth or not, the perception was already that something that she did was the, was was the, Was the catalyst. Yeah. I, to be honest, all that other details is like whatever, like I'm more concerned with like, like who side y'all stand on. Especially you now in this situation. 'cause I've seen people like conflicting like, yo, like shit, fuck It. Rem got a score up and I see people like, yo how, you know, look it, this is what happens to black men who hold it down, hold it down. And then The, because I don't know the chronological order of things and I don't know what is fact and fact from fiction in this particular story, the way that I have heard things.


So I don't know what is true and what is not. Is that last year supposedly Remy got involved with a battle wrapper. Correct? He's The block captain. Right. Okay. And so then that became really tawdry and messy because he started to No torture. Okay. See, look. Okay, I I'm think I Got it. Okay, go ahead. Okay, help me out. So Remy started her lead Chrome 22, 23, 23. It was rumor that Remy and Pat was going through it, but it was behind the scenes. No one knew because they're not public with anything. Then a rumor came out that Pat Post knocked out easy to block captain.


Now Pap didn't come on and talk about it, nor did Remy. But the people around that were there that saw it said that Eazy got knocked out. Okay. Easy Wasn't on the internet. He addressed it. Yeah, he addressed it. But he wasn't on the internet for a while. Like meaning going live. But then he ended up winning live like a week and a half later. So that's what he, he and started to And he denied that he Happened? Yeah, he denied that it happened. Cool. Did he We on he at, at one point he denied that it happened and then he was throwing bars around. Okay. Now fast forward everybody was attacking Remy about it. Right. Because then you'll see pictures with Remy and Easy and like a diner matching out outfits and stuff. Yeah. Matching outfits. You'll see that. But Pat wouldn't say anything.


Now that's where it becomes unfair for me. And I'll tell you why. And I know both of them and I love them both. It is unfair because, because we would see more of Remy outside. We would attack it, but we wouldn't know the arrangements between them two in the home. That's where it becomes tricky. Right. So like they coulda had a agreement or an arrangement like yo you do you I do me until it's time to leave or we going to do each other. The problem with That is that Pap never came outta send anything nor did Remy. So now we seeing Remy out there, she's standing on being solid. He standing Not seeing solid, But we not seeing Pat and we're not seeing Pap at all. At all. And then now it looks bad on her and that's that, that's where it becomes a little bit tricky for 'cause it all we have to do is see her and this and, and, and easy to block captain but Then, and she's way and and she can't really help that 'cause she's way more public and she's most likely gonna be seen with him 'cause she has a battle rap league And he is the face of her league and he's The face of league.


But that makes it even messier for me at this Point. But hold on. And we're all fucking jaded at this point. So now we can look at that as, okay is this like, you know, a kind of like infidelity or the arrangement between Pap and Remy or is this rollout? You know what I mean? Like there's always that What's A nigga get punched and ain't rollout. Exactly. And Pap explain that Pap put a pitch up. Dude, let me, I I want read what he Put a picture up. He said that it was a Christmas picture. He said last year. Yo, I wanna know who brought that tree. Wait, What? Y'all talking This shit was, yo, listen, I know it's a serious matter and It is a lot of, but there's a lot of funny shit going on and they, I mean I, I don't know you Ram, I don't know you Pat.


I want to get respect to y'all, but this is some funny shit. Pat Hoose wrote while I was at home with my daughter last Christmas, this is where Remy Ma was now that I finally moved on. She's angry and making up lies. Narcissist. I told her we could get a divorce like adults. She refused to do that because I wouldn't lie and say I didn't knock this chu out. I still got the message of her begging me to lie about the knockout. But who cares? He didn't throw one punch back, super soft hashtag last time I saw this Trump, he was in the fetal position. Everybody saw it. When I knocked him out, Remy Ma woke him up and went home with him for four days. I went home with my daughter and as you can see, she couldn't wait to lie about it again.


Shake my head narcissist. I didn't knock him out because he slept with my wife. I knocked him out because he shook my hand and then slept with my wife. Ex-wife Narcissist. That's a bar right there. That was a bar that last that last. That's a bar. He's a, he's a rapper. Yeah. And he, listen the game is the game. Like he said, I ain't knocking out because he did that. And then, and then Remy put her receipts out with conversations with him and Clarissa Shields and she said that, you know, she said a lot of things and I just saw it as two people fed up. But what is the receipts? Is the receipts that at the same time she's allegedly with Zy, that he was with Clarissa and lying about It. Is That, is that what she's alluding to? The timelines. If the timelines is you did this and now we are no longer together, so I'm doing whatever I want to do.


You don't have no right to even complain about what I'm doing facts with this Next person Facts. I agree with that. Whether I'm in the house or not, I agree with that. Mm. So what, okay, I mean if we were to, we were married if, if I'm not sure if whatever she did with easy is considered cheating, I'm not sure if that, if they were already split and then she moved on and did whatever and they had their whatever arrangements, then that's different. But if they were still together and he did that, then you cheated on me. So at this point you can't never speak to me about and I do with another woman whether I'm in this house or not. So The timeline is really the most pivotal thing And that's what I don't, that nobody really Knows and their arrangement, which we don't know. Yeah, that's what I mean the timeline that like, yo look, we gonna go our separate ways for the public.


We gonna act like we in a relationship until we find a way to amic amicably separate whatever we have to separate. And that's cool. That's, have y'all ever done that before? Yeah. What? Like basically been broken up but still in the same house with somebody. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But not for a long period Of time. Yeah, not for a long time. But that, but that's why I hate about motherfuckers, right? Yeah. People, people think when you're married that it's easy just to say goodbye. It's not No. Right. Only I see only some of the millionaires or billionaires make it look easy. But It is not easy. Especially when their whole brand is Their whole business. It is Tied into each other. Branding. It is business. It is, It is children. Yeah. It, it's investments. There's a lot of things together that you have to go through individually or with a fine Fine tooth comb.


Yeah, tooth comb. And it's not easy. So these niggas be like, why don't you just leave? Yeah, you can just leave. And then it's still ego, right? If I leave my crib right now, right now if, if Pat was to leave his crib and then Remy brought something, somebody in there, at the end of the day, a nigga may feel a way. Same thing with me. I could use myself. Like if I, if whatever arrangement I may have with my wife, if I leave and I come back to pick up something as a nigga's in there, I'm gonna be tight. Yo, I'm gonna pick, I don't gonna fuck about no Arrangement. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be clear. My Manhood gonna kick in. I'm gonna Be clear. I'm riding, I'm, I'm riding with Pat just 'cause I just, just man shit. I just, I feel like I need to, but I also want to acknowledge, I don't think Rem just posted that just because she was, you know, mad that she found a text message thread.


Like I want to give her enough credit to know that since we've seen her, she hasn't been a person to just go wild out on the internet. Of course for any old reason, I want to give her enough grace to say maybe something did happen where she felt violated enough where she felt like she had no choice but to bring it to this. But they both move with honor. That's, that's just, they, that's, I know That's their caliber. They both move with honor. Just like Remy has a league and she's been outside so we see more of her. Pap is more quiet and he's to himself and we don't see him outside. I'm Just being, I'm just being biased because thus far, no matter what the arrangement was, I've never seen pap even look like he's been connected to another woman. Same. That Like that's that's the, that's what I'm leaning on. I'm what you even though she still stood on business, there was still the inklings That is that fair?


And then you have pictures and match of outfits like, like the Christmas tree behind you. It is Like we, we constantly hear yo pap held her down through her entire prison stent. You know what I'm saying? What if he was, we never saw nothing is my point. That's I'm mean either because women hold niggas down through No but without prison stents and then come No, I'm just saying that he's moved in a way even now like un until she posted shit, we ain't seen nothing with Pat with another girl nowhere. Wait, why you point at me That jacket supposed to be black and white. What not Panda You talking about It is true nigga.


That's she making these faces issues. What am I saying Wrongest? I nothing like you Saying, you saying opinionated stuff. Let me, so and Mel I think can attest to this. People outside, they cheat people outside move around. It's never gonna stop. It's been going on since the beginning of the time. How you do what you do matters. So REM and pap pos are celebrities, right? For all intents and purposes. And, and this, and this is just a big thing. Rim went away for what, seven, eight years? Something like that. Seven I think it was, we are all industry tied or connected or one degree of separation, right?


Not just that we're all New Yorkers and Pap po still has had some level of anonymity. Even if he was moving around during that seven or eight years, he did it the right, he still maintained a certain level of anonymity and discretion to where the public opinion was, yo this guy loves this girl and he's holding her down. Exactly. And he's not moving around around embarrass doing, at no point. And again, when people go away to jail, when the cat's away, the m's gonna play. Right. But he did it in a manner, if he did it, if, if he, if he did it, he did it in a manner where it wasn't disrespectful. So I think that for all of us, and we're guys, right When he punched, when he punched easy, when he punched easy, he might've really punched him off the disrespectful thing.


Like, yo fam, I've been around you before. I don't know, I'm, I'm just, this is me making this up fam. Y'all know what, how I say, I say yo fam, I'm not, if I have a conversation with a dude, I would never mess with his girl because I don't want nobody kiking in my face and they mess with my girl. Yeah. Now if I hide by you, what's up? What's up? She's fertilizer. But, but if I'm communicating she fertilizer with You right. And I'm conversing with you, your chick is not going to ever, I'm never going touch your chick. You get what I'm saying? So I, it's, it's, it's a level like don't have no nigga in my face. If this was going on, I don't know if this was going on, but don't have no nigga in my face knowing that He hit yo matching Outfits.


You the, you the face of her league. It's business. It Is giving August Elena and come on. No. Before, before the outfits came out. No, before the outfits don't get that. Before the outfits came out. But Now I don't know what to believe. 'cause if you telling me something but then all other stuff is leaning somewhere Else, you could be lying to me about all This shit. But that could be, but, But we, we have to give Remy some credit That goes into the timeline too. And I tell you why I give rem credit, I give rem credit because she took all that backlash for so long without meaning that the back, like she was out there and she took the backlash, she took the attack, she took the, the battle rappers on stage dis her they ball. She took it and never came out and said anything. She did it easy to block captain. And I ain't gonna lie, homie, you look crazy.


Yeah. You look crazy doing what you're doing. I rock with you easy. You look crazy. Taking the picture, making jokes, tagging pat pools. Yo pat pools unblock me, unblock me. Let's, let's have a conversation. You put in the duck emoji like easy. You don't gotta do that bro. Like at the end of the day it look like you are the winner because you left with you, you, you left with the lady. He said that. Yeah, but Then I don't, I don't like that. 'cause you being insensitive to the fact that they have a child me Involved. No, what I'm saying is that he shouldn't involve himself. Even though in that spat pat posted it, he should have just Pat posted the picture easy. Should have just y had shit about nothing. I let them deal with it. 'cause it's, that's more honorable that way. It is. But when, when you get involved like that after like if you felt the way that this man attacked you deal with it behind the scenes or deal with it on some stuff You supposed deal with.


When he say tried, he did say that he tried reaching out. He said he had his people was reach out, said, yo, let's let's meet up. First off, he said I want to meet up 'cause you, you snuck me so I need to, I need to head up. You can bring whoever you need to bring. I bring who I need to bring and me and you can one on one. No, no. He and Pat, I don't know whether it's true or not, but his response was that Pat was like, I ain't, I ain't beat like whatever. So I guess at this point maybe there's a level of frustration on his part. 'cause there's rumors going around that you, it's a good point. Knock me out. I didn't know that and I don't like that. So if we not gonna clean that rumor up, okay then I'm gonna have to clean it up for myself. It's just, It is messy On all parts at this point. Everybody's kind of just leaning into the Mess. What I, what I get from easy, what I get from easy and my man.


But what I get from him is I just been waiting for the opportunity to say something. Yeah, of course you have nigga knocked you out. I'm not, I ain't not just the knockout, just the whole shit. 'cause like even now the jokes about the yo I wasn't the one that put this tree up though. Like now you playing into it. Yeah. You ever Been knocked out? No, I have not been knocked out. And That's my, so for this, For, for a Dude in that situation, it's humiliating. It's, and you getting knocked out in public got knocked out in public. The rumors around that you getting knocked out, you're trying to go ahead and the respect of them all deciding not to speak on it and not clear it up, which leaves us to still allude and make jokes at a certain point. That frustration like if we keep talking, but But you're not only speaking on the knockout part is what I'm saying.


You're taking jokes in the whole shit Now. Everything is, everything is Feels, feels like I've been wanting to do this. He might have. That's all I'm Saying. But obviously the knockout is, is a big portion of it. Because even, even re in the comments they're talking about, I need you to clear up that you didn't knock him out. Like, and in my head I'm like, wait, what? Like why is that a big deal? There's so much other shit going on. But maybe because of her league, maybe because it's a man I don't know. He, he got battles coming up. You get what I'm saying? Like, yo, I'm a, if I'm a battle rapper, we know how It is. Personals, disrespect shit like that. Like this is going to be something I'm gonna have to stand in front of. It's for a long time's Who's battle he's better than, than Suge Neck Shook. He Got neck Zy knows how to stand in, in a and Zy knows how to stand and be a chameleon and and adjuster in the environment.


It is. He knows how to do that. I easy My man. But the unfortunate thing, if you mess with a married woman, These things happen. You Have to, you have to realize There's gonna be some consequences one way or another and a knockout. He ain really so bad. But no, this is the thing. We don't know the timeline. That's true. So, so rem and Pappus could have been broken up for all we know. Yeah. Still married. That what don't mean shit, don't mean don't, I'm just, it means no a little bit. It does mean a little bit doubt. It does mean a little bit. Okay. We don't know what he was doing also this, we don't know this end to where she felt comfortable enough. We have to give both of them Grace. We just don't know. But we know, we don't know. We know we gonna give them grace shook So Exactly. We know all that shit.


The the thing the the only problem I have is right now how easy he's responding to it. That's Me. But, but I feel like he just But just for conversation's sake, for conversation's sake, we haven't heard nothing from easy in months. So now when you post this picture, you calling me a chump. You calling me names, you're saying you knocked me out. I ain't throw one punch all the other shit. Now what is easy supposed to do? He could respond but I, I get it, but not the way he Did. You can't, you can't choose how a nigga responds. I I I hear You. You can't choose how a nigga responds. I Just don't agree. But I understand. You Get what I'm saying. Like you can't choose how somebody respond. You might disrespect somebody at, at a B level. They might take it to a FGH level.


You can't choose how somebody responds to your disrespect. They don't have to keep it at a B level. True. And now rem and now rem let's just say our connection is to our connection. You can't also determine how I decide to respond because the only reason why anybody's talking about this is because you Brought it to, you took it public First. So now your my now my manhood at is at question and I'm moving off of ego at this point. You can't come to me and say yo don't, don't say no this could have just been between us behind the scenes. That's true. And we could have handled it like that If what he's saying is true, If what he's saying is true. So if, if we go in basing it back to where does this all start? It starts with Ram making this available to us. Otherwise we wouldn't know nothing. I agree. Yeah. Hundred Percent Praise is all I love.


Yeah. I love everybody involved. Yeah. Praise prayer. Some prayer to 'em all. Man. Like I said, like you know I shout out to easy. I, you know, I just, nah, I want to fight you and yeah you Might wanna get, I mean I'm not mad at Wanting to fight him. All right. So Luke, I'm Not mad at him wanting to fight him too. I'm gonna leave all that shit that personally. But You fine you Front. Why? Because, Because because they Your people. 'cause We know you from Him. Tell me why. Because if I knocked you out you said it. No. If I stole you and knocked you out. Yes. And you ain't seen me since. You don't wanna fight. I do. And what you said I'm gonna keep going every time. Take this No add the add of the caveat. Now I go to the internet and let everybody know I stole you and that you ain't do nothing about it.


And in Your brain you like last time I seen you was in a fetal position And you a big Nigga to being a fetal. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Lemme just, lemme just say this. You look like A caterpillar rolled up The fat caterpillar right? This shit doesn't roll. He talking about the big green shit, right? Yeah. With with the little red legs. Right. I know you talking about, you talking about the regular caterpillar. He talking about that big juicy shit, right? Yeah. Here's here's the thing. Yes. In closing for me, you are correct. I just would prefer him not to get involved on the heel of what they're going through during their argument.


I would prefer him to let that shit die and then not let it die. But let them like right now then he could turn up. He didn't get involved. He's thrown in. He died. He got thrown. He could have kept a pee. I but I get it. Yeah. Yeah I get it. Everyone could have kept a piece. You right. That's the point. You right. That's it. You right. I see, I see what you're saying. Shout out to easy to block captain. Shout out to Pat po. Shout out to Remy me. I love y'all man. For sure. Hopefully I work it out. I I did go to the pages and so everything was down. I didn't use Twitter or anything to talk about it at all. You know we had to do what we gotta do. But shout out to y'all and hopefully everything come to a resolution peacefully behind the scenes. We love you'all. Yeah. Word, word, word, word. All okay. Yeah. Yeah. We did it. We Did it. You know what's crazy?


It's hard to pussy for the ride. We just pussy for the ride. We did, we Did. We did a good job. We did Mad disclaim Glover with This. We did. We gave and that we gave married and I don't care. We pussy. I don't care. Listen, I'm okay with being pussy in this sixties. Honestly I don't think that there was any other way to discuss it. No, there was like there was yo Clarissa. Hold on. Oh No. If David strange because we ain't even Talking about Clarissa. Clarissa. Hey okay you can fight. You won a championship Remy Ma shoots bitches. Please know what difference. You cannot punch. You can't punch a bullet. I'm sorry but I'm sorry but I'm not mad at shorty because Nobody fight. Richard, you think Remy gonna fight Shields a boxer Don't go out there and say I like the box.


Remy said it. She Like the box with these nigga. I'm just saying dog. She like a box nigga. Some nigga don't Care. See what's this a What? This a folk fan. Hey dog, some niggas don't. Some niggas will run up on fuck the gun. Shit. Some niggas don't care that you box TI ran up on Floyd. That's true. That's a fact. That's a fact. That's true. Professional, professional fighters couldn't hit Floyd. TI ran up on Him but then he probably ran up under 'cause Floyd probably didn't expect him to swing at him. Whatever. That's usually what It is. Were 50. No I ran 50 Floyd dis Floyd respect my wife and my family bros. I Got it. I felt disrespected and I needed to address that. When 50 And Floyd had a fight, 50 said it. I snuck up, I punched him in the face. Floyd fifty's a boxer too though.


Floyd didn't expect fifth to punch him. Fifties. He's also a boxer. I'm just saying that boxers have a hard time hitting Floyd. A regular nigga's gonna have a harder time hitting Floyd. So you think that and You still ran. Some niggas don't care about none of that shit. That's true. That's all I'm saying. So yeah, with Rems, I I could see it if it happened, might Pop off. Ret get too much money to drive 95 down the highway to meet up with Issa Shields. That's some fucking seven 11. Seven 11 In the front. Throw your dick beats up Rim that Come on. Ain't doing that. Ain't gotta Meter up. Rimma get a jump though. Yeah. Shout the runway. Nah, I mean no everybody, everybody got families and she's just Ramm got something going on even on the other front With family.


That dog hopefully nothing, no violence. No one needs that right now. Everybody got kids, everybody got family. Everybody got careers. It's not that. I got you. I know. I'm just shout, shout out. Shout to C. It is just, that was funny to Me. That was just funny to you fight Clarissa. No hell no. C he rap. He just trying to rep home team. That's He trying rep home team. I think Clarissa low key with if you hit me in my stomach now I'm gonna fall my shit. My stomach, she gonna fall. Oh Shit. Oh Shit. In the wall, right? Like in the wall. Right. You free like in the wall. I'm gonna be with Mel. I'm gonna see how Melvin act. Wait Wait, what? My girl Mel right here. What up Uhuh? Mel won not be there. Mel will not. Yo Mel hit up with that.


Mel, would you? No. No. So don't even get the question out. No, No. And she snuff me With all I am not stupid. She, I will lay in the fetal position. She gonna be a baby Caterpillar. So she snuffed me. Mel, you'll just let me fall. Sure Will. What'd you do to get some Fuck? I tried. Catch you. I, I try to catch you. I hope you up. I do my best. Shout. I'll help you up. We'll get you up. Shout Out to Clarissa. Shout to everybody. We love y'all man. Got some prayers. And I like clarisa Too. I like Clarissa a lot, but it's like re me ain't gonna meet up. I Like everybody involved. It is just, I feel like you wanna get jokes off man. I do. Nah, it's over. Because if they told go No, no.


'cause if I'm not going to get piss, nah, it's over. It is solo show. Go ahead Is nah, nah, I'm not good with solo show. Let's say Nigga, you know they Already called me Bo Jangles. We already on a promo talk. Go ahead. Chicken jokes off catch. Nah, It is, It is. Because, because when it was, if it was the other way around, we would be killing this. For sure. Of course. Like that. Like that's the part that I want us to really sometimes remove our bias when people be like, yo, we be, we tiptoed because we got respect for them and I get it. But if it was the other way around, whether we knew Pap or not, we would have to kill this nigga. It's messy. And it rem how she was out doing press with homie.


No matter what the timeline is. It just look nasty. It looks nasty on all fronts. So who would We kill? So, so for me, if we being honest about who we should be killing right now, it should be m we should be killing REM right now. We should be just off of the optics. I don't, we don't know the real situation. What would we say about rem? What should we say about her? If it was Pat, we would be like, look what nigga, look, look how you do, you give a nigga, nigga hold you up. I held this nigga down for eight years and I he come home and look at the first thing he do is go run off with another. We will be killing nigga. Do what we would, we wouldn't give a fuck about the situation. He not lying. We wouldn't even care about the circumstance. You right. He not lying. He's a hundred percent right. So Let, so just sometimes When we wanna put, we wanna shine light on niggas, we gotta shine a little light.


Your remin look nasty. I'm sorry. And the nigga you doing it with, look like department store Pat loose Pap. I just saying tape. Hey Pat loose. Pat got a type too. If, if, if He did that with somebody that looked less than Remy, we would be he out there with with fucking whatever low brand cognac. Mm Yeah. We would be killing this nigga. It is not fi No, I'm tired. I'm tired of that. I wanna hear your opinion. What's that pink drink TPA had?


That's that vo The new Yeah. Nigga outside with Nubo. So good. Just it up. Come on. He look a new, so, so Now when we get a moment, now when we get a moment to highlight a black man who, who held, held family down, whether still S that, but that's so unfair though. No it's not. It Is. I'm gonna tell you why. Go ahead. We don't know. They under, we don't know. They, we never saying situation, but then we hypocrites and we are. But so what a, A flip if, let's listen to this. If it's not Rim and Pat po who everybody loves and respects, what Would we say about the bitch? If, if, if Megan Good got locked up for seven years and Jonathan Major sat there and held her down and Megan Good came home and allegedly got into some fuck shit, they would look at Megan Good like the scum of the earth.


That's a and y fact. And y'all all know that they would. That's a fact. That's why I'm mad at you. What? Because mad at her. She's the one that lemme explain. She's the shield of the, lemme Explain, lemme explain, lemme explain. If it was the other way around, She would've went on that nigga. And Pap was the person on the side who's getting questioned for being initially a scumbag. Mel would go up here and go crazy in case run. She would've been nuts. She would've went crazy. Wait, you went and did eight years in prison and came home and showed your ass and boom boom and then had the nerve to do it with fucking that cognac. You ain't doing it like She would go crazy. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. So why you not doing it now? Because like, I, I don't, I don't know the she be advice.


No, not at all. Because one's not. Why though? Because we wouldn we don't fuck. Shoot. In his example, you still don't, let's say you still don't know the chronological order. That's, That's number one. You would still, what what he's saying is you would still, with the information given, with the information given, you would've gone crazy. Wouldn't Do That because but I'll say this what e said, I agree with him. The optics are fucked up. The optics are crazy. On, on behalf of rem The optics look crazy. We don't know what the story is, but the optics look insane. And That is what I will say about, Did y see that? Oh, Don't get me shot.


All right. My mouth say nothing. They shooting pause made you come here, walk around this whole couch. Just hi. Hi. Hello nigga. I need to shut up nigga. She'll gum butt Me. Man. Shit, we, we, we, we, we, we, we we Got it. Nah, we did. We saw they did because if we not gonna kill her, we gotta just, we're moving right along. We, It is we doing the job. We, we love you. Re we love you Pat. Love y'all. Yes. Ing everybody. Remy, easy salute. There we go. And, and, and other news. We, we got some, some music. Well I don't know if anybody else peeped A TDE Christmas concert.


Oh yeah. Their toy drive. Which is, which is amazing actually they do it every year in in Watts. Nickson Gardens. The entire TDE they were there. They were there and They performed. Oh, that must be Epic. Yeah. Didn didn't see that. Had the kids on the stage. Scissor perform. Kendrick performed. Abso was up there. What She had on, Yo, she had on this mink joint but under it, yo, listen, I'm, I'm never really big proponent for surgery with women. But it's your choice. I salute. I'm not going but true. Hers was done Very well adopted. Oh Yeah. You know she got, she got a top tier, one of them. She Looks amazing. Yo, She really does top db.


It's like, you know how sometimes the ass don't match the thigh? No. Everything matches. You Gotta spend extra. You get the whole package. Everything says you Amazing. What, what you do to scissor? Huh? What's your do to scissors? Music? Chop up music. Music. If you had a chant, what would be your choice? Would it be a mu music or take take her down. There you go. Yo. Paper her down in the studio. Paper, scissor rock. Get the paper first. You pay. Yeah. You give a paper first, right? You freak as boy. No, no, no. See, see don't fuck. Nah, it would be, It would be rock, Scissor And then paper.


Oh me. Why you, why you, why you laughing? Nigga put gas in the car nigga you want put gas in it. You want me to charge you? Shit, shut up. Sorry. I'll fuck you up. Yo. Told to stop. Did he use this card? Oh my god. Oh yo. I told you to stop. I'm gonna punch you in your fucking neck. No, you stopped. Oh man, From now on I'm gonna stop from this point on God. Okay great. You said that, you said that said two weeks ago we opening it up. No, you opened it up. No, you do. Watch this. I'm gonna show you what this nigga do. Watch. Just look at me 'cause you know me and you be locked in ice. Just look at me. I'm gonna show you where you do it. Okay? You are correct. So Scissor, if you had a choice to do a song with her or take it out, what are you doing?


Either? I said I would, you can't pick the to. I don't. How you gonna tell me how to do what? I'm gonna do this because she Never, he gave you the, he gave you the options. Either End is gonna end up in both happening This nigga. Because if I, if I click, she gonna do a song with you. She wanna Be motivated to do the song. If we do a song and it's fire, she gonna be motivated to one clip. So You clip So you, so when you clip something I think so you motivate them? I think so. You the La Clippers. How y Ring rings though, y'all That's Shit. He don't need a Ring. Don't need a ring ring. Don't need get no chips trying to get a ring. He ain't get no chips. That ain't going. I'm not going for the chip. Crazy.


Just wanna get in the game. Just trying To have a Organization that's Have a good game, child get that. He just trying to get the deal. You Crazy. That was scissor. You right. You Bugging You right. I'm trying to hold A trophy up. We Gotta stop doing that though y'all, because we don't know You such a based on what we know. You such a Loverboy nigga. You nigga Scissor. How you do Mad Shit? E shit for sure. And Wood. Yeah, and wood. That's why I like about you. You not ashamed of your game? Hell no. What? I Would do it and, but I know I would make her do some things too. Those a van. That's a Van Clea. No. Hell no. I don't, I don't, I don't purchase things like that. You Got the fake Van Ccle. This ain't no fake Van Cleave boy Van. Anything I wear is symbolic. This was my dad's. Oh, his dad. My dad ran. Oh Pop. It's my mom's pop. Don't do that. See, I, I stop joking.


I stopped. I stopped. But look, look, see if it pops. See back to Scissor. Okay, so yeah, back to the er. Back back to the concert. He Cole outside, nigga, Back to the concert. It is cold outside about the rule. The Yeah, The entire td entire. He's fucking amazing. That's dope. Kendrick did two records. He did Squabble Up. Squabble Up. And I think it was Be Humble. Oh no, humble. That's right. Be humble. Excuse. Be humble and squabble up. Yeah. So he is not, he's not performing not like us anymore. I don't, we Yeah, we need to move past now. Like us. He Ain't necessarily, we have to do that for the kids. Don't the projects. But yeah, that's dope. And again, it's Not the play a bunch of kids, that's not the Song. Even the They know the whole shit though. They probably do. But it, To get entry to the show, you just had to bring an unwrapped toy.


Ooh. Like it was That's dope, bro. That's what, that's what's dope about it. Like this is a real Back. You know what I like about him in the hood? I like that He, That's fucking five for super Duper stars. The label, the label is Stars. Oh, but take a step further. He's not even on the label no more Track. That is True's family. So the fact that It Is, that's his family. But we've seen people say we still family and still not That's true. But They don't really be family. He, to me he don't even seem like Disattached in no type of way. Like we still move it as a conglomerate. This might Be some busy shit. Yeah, I think Super. Super. That's dope. Super fy. Yeah. And I did hear it's not Nick, he's gearing up. I heard that there's a deluxe coming or something like that. The timeline was saying that, so I don't Know if there's anything Oh no, no.


I heard something that's very, very, very, very, very soon. I don't care. I don't care. I don't wanna keep prepping for that. 'cause they said that last time when he had dropped him was like, oh, he's going drop another joint That still love the album. So I'm cool. For now It was scheduled And I will say I sent me a new version of the album in a certain order of the songs. And it makes me love the album even more. Really? Yeah, we talked about it. Yeah. Shouts to Shouts to Shake. That was Shake. Oh Yeah. Shake sent it to me too. Oh. Slew Shake Five Shake. I wanna take credit for that. He was just like, yo album, do it this way. It'll flow a little bit better. And fire. It's amazing. I have that album stays on repeat like now I just let it play from top to bottom. Nice. Okay. But salute. That was really dope. The kids looked like they grew On stage having a great time.


You saluted it a couple of times. You, you never saluted a nigga. You, you the clean up man. We, we cleaned up, we cleaned up the street. Nigga, you the nigga that come with the broom. Ba behind after that machine. Go, nigga, we cleaned it up, nigga. Still more confe. Put the, put the broom away. Put the, It is a changed. How y on flip, what time is it? I'm I'm into PI have no idea. It's time For our favorite part of the Show. Oh, come on. Don't, please don't do this. What the fuck, please. 1, 2, 3, 3 prize


PrizePicks. Yes. PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. And the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and a billion plus in reward winnings. PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all. All you have to do is pick two or more players across all sports, look at their projected stat lines and pick more or less for your chance to win big this week. For me, I'm riding the Pooka Nku horse. I'm gone with him for more than let's say 70 receiving yards. Let's see. I'm rolling with my dogs. AJ Brown should have a big bounce back week. He got his first complaint out, so I'm rolling with him to get more than a hundred, let's get 'em big a hundred receiving yards. I'll go Pat Mahomes for two tos. That's two touchdowns. And gimme the hot hand of Saquon Barkley for more than 80 rush yards. Again, PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. So download the app today for your chance to win up to 1000 times your money only on PrizePicks. And just because it's py miss, just for holiday season, PrizePicks is also giving you a chance to earn up to 30 plus million in rewards. So download the app today. Please, please, please use promo code JBP. Good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


Thank you Joe. We'll run our game I guess. Miss you Joe. We miss you man. Please. Word, word Suspension up. All right. Yeah, man. You good? You good now? So it's new music. Yeah, it's Friday. Shit. All right. Saturday for me, the Snoop and Dre Missionary album finally dropped, which I've been personally waiting for. I've heard a couple records off of it ahead of time. Played couple of as a sleeper. You did. Yo, before we even judge it, can we just clap the fact that in two 2024 we have a relevant Snoop and Dre album, the Real Can Wait what the I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. So, So, so people Mel is trying to put a reel.


Love. So she's gonna interrupt the broadcast. I am sorry. Keep edit. Real interrupt. Broadcast Again. It's posted. I'm sorry. Okay. Carry On. Silence. That shit better get some like word that shit. Oh, it'll, oh It'll, let's go. It'll Okay. Carry on. I'm sorry. No, no, go ahead. I just wanted to acknowledge how dope It is that, you know, Dre's first album was what Snoop and Dre's first collaboration is how many years ago? 92. 92. Yeah. And we still able to talk about like, when We talk about people lasting in hip hop this way, Bro, that's what I, I, I said it a couple weeks ago. I'm like, yo, the old niggas really been putting on like, I mean, not call, but you know what I'm saying. We've got, we've gotten ll we've gotten iq, we've gotten Tradie and Goldie Lo Eastsiders.


We got Dog Pound, like Ghost Face Drop Joint Ghost. Na It is still Na na yeah. What Did I just see recently on, on Instagram? It was Jada Kiss and Queen Latifah. Did you guys see that? No. Didn didn't see It. But there's a joke there. But I'm gonna let it go. I mean, it was Mc Light dropped the album. That was pretty good this year too. Well yeah. All, all that Shot up Red Man is putting out records left and right now Body freestyles. Freestyle. Yeah. So when people make those comments, oh, hip hop getting old. No, the old older people are still putting down and and still True. Ain't no age limit. Yeah. Ain't no age limit on hip hop. Like you can, you can grow with your, with your audience and still be true to self and put out good music and Shit.


Fat Joe will get there eventually. Drop the album today Too. Yep. Fat Joe as well. I listened to that. How, How you felt about that Missionary Album. Missionary album. It's a couple records on there that I'm, I I, they wasn't for me, but overall, first off, the production to me was crazy. That shit sounded, I need you to do whatever you do with my headphones because it sounded crazy in the crib. Yeah, It is just the regular joists. Yeah, The mixing of production is definitely yeah. Top, top fucking, It's, It is top, top tier Gonna be top tier. Snoop's been rapping. I'm not really, let me see. There's a record up there called Hard Knocks, which I thought about playing as my, I thought about playing as my sleeper. That is probably my favorite joint.


It took me a minute to get past that record. A couple of the records that I played already were great overall. I don't really like rating albums on the first listen. But I, I did listen to this album a good three times. I would give this like a, a strong seven. You like Rating comedy specials on the first watch? Yeah, I do. When they're not funny. When they're just not funny. Nevermind my Bad. Oh, okay. So You back to that. Give it a six or a seven. Give It a seven. Strong seven. Okay. Okay. Which again, it's not bad. I Listened to it twice. I didn't Love it. But I I love both of them so much that I'm going to keep listening. Yeah, that's see if, see if How many records, how many records is on, on this project? Come on It.


16, 17, something like that. It's a full, it's a full project. Yeah. Ain't no short bullshit. Do you think that Yeah. 16 I mean Parks. What, what, what didn't resonate with you? The marriages of the beat. I just like, I feel like I want something a little bit more gutter. It is very clean feeling like the, the last dance. There's some like poppy kinda shit. The Sting record. The Sting record. Tom Petty record are a little too poppy leaning for me. Those are, do You think it's because they're grown? They're Grown For sure as the follow up to doggy style. 'cause initially that's kind of what this is like, essentially prophesize as you know, doggy style Missionary. Yes. I, I want, I wanted a little bit more of the, The, I have a question.


I'm the exact, I'm the exact opposite because it's been 30 years And these dudes are billionaires. Yeah. Y'all have done it all in the 30 years. I don't want to hear y y'all ain't gutter. Yeah, I mean Snoop's bestie is would literally Martha Stewart. So if I, If I heard Snoop and Dre trying to put some gutter shit out, it would be forced and mailed into me. That's how I would feel. Those guys, I would be like, I don't want to hear this from y'all because that ain't where y'all at today. Let me hear where you at today. Do I feel like, do I feel like because they're like legacy acts that they should have a shorter project instead of 16 songs, maybe. Like that might help Like eight. No 16 is fired. Then let it be fired. Yeah. I personally, today I don't care about that because whatever I don't like I could just take off.


That's true. I I don't that don't really do it. No, this isn't like before where I need a CD and I gotta put that shit in the car and I have to let it play. I Don't like that. I like, I like that idea. What, shorter? Yeah, Because Well, you just put out three pieces so of course you don't like it. Well, Shorter projects I usually prefer, but I don't mind a long project. Paul, if You look at classic, classic out Shut up nigga. You wanna start with me today, but I got you. Classic albums for me more concise. Were usually shorter. And to me, what made albums, albums when they stuck with theme and it's kind of hard to stick with Theme The Deep, you get into the track list. That being Said, this, this album is only 45 minutes long even at being 16 songs. So it's not like a a laborious. Was there any theme to it? Any story to it?


Like to the tracks? Not not any ski in the same way that like doggy style with Chronicles? No. Okay. Nah. The the theme to me was just, yo, we can still make music. We 60 old niggas that can make music. We, we up up and we still got a passion for This shit. And I'm Gonna listen again. I'm 1% going to keep listening 'cause I'm probably gonna feel different as I get more familiar. Do You guys, there are records. I'm sorry. Sorry. There are records that I will never listen to again. Like you said, the the Sting record. The can I hear Tom Petty record? Yeah. And I, and the funny thing is Sting, I knew I I'm, I never was familiar with Tom Petty music. Right. I love Let Dance Mary James. That one song. That was it. That was the only song I ever knew. I remember in the morning used to watch videos getting ready for school and they would play that fucking video.


Don't come around here anymore as my joint. They would play that video over and over. That's how I knew the song. This is the St. Stick record. Another part of me. How y feeling out there? Pop louder. Love it. I'm fucking with it. Turn my mic up. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Okay. Love it. How I like This shit like this, that Snoop Right?


He was like this. I like this. I like this. I like, I don't hate that at How do you feel about that? The the gun smoke joint with m and 50. It was cool. Yeah, it was, it was cool. It was cool. It Is cool. Expected more from them. Expected a little more. I did together. I did. Me too. Yeah. Do y'all think that if, if Dre what's the album that Dre's been promising to put out? Detox. Detox. Detox. Yeah. I think that the detox will live up to His height. Detox will never drop if I don't think it's ever coming out. It's never coming out. Oh, it's Never coming out. I think all the highlights that were probably on it have come out in some type of form or On somebody else shit or Yeah, someone else.


I Straight outta Compton Sound. Yeah, the comp The comp Dope. That album was dope. So Straight of Compton album was dope To me. Five. Okay. I gotta, I gotta a plaque for it. Slu. That's Right, that's right. Give Him like, let him let 'em real quick. Just let 'em hear hard knocks. Okay. Just a little bit. And you'll see what I'm talking about. But don't we have to play real quick? Don't we have to play sound effects? Because I hope it, I like the fucking business in here. Collecting digit. This shit could get explicit. Got a sweet tooth for these bitches. Yeah. Burning through these mail tickets. Yeah. Shit. Could get what this ones off. What Lights, camera ones off. Slow burn. No crash.


Now that's a lot of as the fucking man of trash. Let's get This shit in order. I'm the top of the totem. Time to reload. And we blowing smoke out your I know the smell Household name's. That's probably my favorite. That's Easily, That's clean gutter for me. Like that's, it's still gutter. So You think it so institutionalized. What type of good do you want? I go to your backyard and nigga you came in two and a head little plug. Get on My Daughters The last, no, I'm not talking about The last Po you played a whole intro of 50. And don't get me wrong, it was commercial. I, that shit was Oh, you don't remember that? Oh. But that was gutter. That was gutter. That was absolutely gutter. That was gutter. That was gutter.


Just clean. Okay. But I'm not mad at it. I I gotta live, live With it more. I'll fuck with it before I, I'm, I'm, I'm pleased. Like it what? I'm not underwhelmed, but I Just Put that one. What was the song on the album that they were previewing at ComplexCon? Well, one of them. Oh no, that was Drink Champ Day premiered It was give you the name of it. Oh my bad. Out of the blue. It's okay. Fox Out of the Blue. That was one that they teased. How Does it sound? I I played that as a sleeper a couple weeks ago. Okay. Okay. Got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like, I liked that Either way again, I like to Y's point, I like hearing music. Okay. New music from our, our legends. Yeah. Yes. Got it. It's a beautiful thing regardless. Rock The Rock Acts can do it and all of that.


Yo, keep going. Keep touring if you feel like it. As long as y'all are healthy, man, keep putting music out. I didn't know that y'all said that. They also released like a three song EP with DMX. Yeah, I didn't listen to it 'cause I am weary of anything posthumous. Is It? Is it on DSPs? Yes It is. Yes It is. It is. It's like three songs. It's called Let Us Pray Chapter X. Can you play something for me? Pause. Do you mind? The first record is Favor, features Killer Mike. Mary. Mary and Roy's Noise Orchestra. Second track is Bear With Me featuring Lecrae. Third track is one Life to Do it featuring Mc L in Roy's Noise Orchestra. Fourth track is until one. No. What would I be without you? This his favor. Nothing.


Where would I be without you? Four songs. Killer Mike Mother go. Who would I be without you? No, He's just talking to No one. I want to Thank you for making me something. I want to Thank you for Divine Moving and letting my life be a presence. Even at my worst than most chaotic. You have allowed me to be a blessing. It is like a prayer intro. This one is I Want Thank you Lord. I wanna humbly say I appreciate you for I know not where I'm going, but I know you have me on my path and I know not my purpose, but I know you have one for me. Amen. And a pray. Oh. Oh. Father, Thank you for making me righteous and accepted through the blood of S That ain't ai Because of that I am blessed and highly favored by you. No, no. I am the object.


That's the Dog. Your favorite surrounds me as a shield. And the first thing that people come in contact with is my favorite shield. Oh, that's creepy. Thank you that I have favor with you and man today. Quite a little chill all day long. People go out of their way to bless it to help me. I have favor with everyone that I deal with today. Door that were once closed and now open for me. I received Ential treatment then I have special privileges. It Is a on this God's favorite Child. Just This, this is the intro. This is like a prayer intro. Oh Wait for some music. No, that's And then Mary Mary comes in and, okay. Yeah, I listen because I listen to definitely hope everybody Go check it out. Rest In peace. D mx, rest in peace. We love you. I'm I'm peace rushing to this.


Any More music? Anything else? Any music you guys that's in y'all back. I was Totally unaware. I just focused my energy on Snoop and Dre. Once I see that everything kind of shuts down for me, I'm gonna go listen to that and everybody else gotta wait until next week. Yeah. Alchemist and Rock Marciano dropped the project. I'm haven't gotten through it yet but I I am gonna listen. Fat Joe dropped a project I gave. There's a couple joints on there. Yeah, A couple joints. I gave it a half a listen actually on my way up here, I'm not mad at it. I like The reggae joint. I'm not mad at it. It's smooth. Is a Reggae joint. Fat Joe. Yeah. I asked you have y'all watched the Tiny de joint? Y'all looked at me like I was Billy Eilish. Yeah, Billy Ish. Tiny desk. That was highly anticipated. Fat Joe. Don't do that. I Billy Ish.


You know what? I forget that's, you're not really a man of music. You really just a man of hip hop. Yes. Yes. And a little bit of r and b. No, Chris burn. Chris Burn. Yeah. So, and when and when. Tory Lanez does r and b and Drake. That's it. No one else here watched the the tiny dish room. I saw one thing on Instagram but I didn't watch the whole shit too. I like her. I'm just not, I saw some clips. I didn't rush to it. It was dope. It Was dope. Okay. Pretty Dope To me. It doesn't matter who came before or after Doshi. She was the best tiny desk of 2024. She It. She bought crazy. I'm not gonna hold you. She went crazy. And you mean that Mel? She went nuts. You mean that? Yes. Doshi is a great performer. She went crazy. Amazing performer.


Yeah, It was incredible. Yeah. Alright, well you know what, since We talk music flip, you tweeted something asking, is there an attack on hip hop? Yes. What can you like I I was gonna hit you then I said I'll just wait till we get here. What you mean Flipping guest investigative report. I don't 2020 attack flare. So I tweeted that 'cause you know a eureka came in my brain a eureka. A light bulb moment. You Mean you rat it on online? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I, 'cause I started to see a lot of these things of things about Drake, things about Jay, things about Diddy. Just different things. And I'm just like, there's an attack on hip hop and lemme tell you what I meant by that. So I started doing some research from the 90, well from the fifties to nineties and the 2000 up to 2017.


Rock and roll has been the number one genre and 2017 hip hop based of because of streaming has in had an increase in 73 or 72 or 73% becoming the number one genre. You, you wanna research used thinking man, according to Nielsen. Okay. Right. According to Nielsen, I niel. So according to Nielsen, yeah 72% increase or hip hop become number one genre. So then I started to think like a lot of stuff that's being done or that our acts are accused of, even though it's wrong. No, no. Even though It is wrong back then a lot of these things were accepted.


Right, right. Accepted meaning not over is a better word. Much better word. Thank you so much. Please. So the reason why I said this, a attack on hip hop is because the powers that may be when rock and rolling and all that shit was the number one or pop was number one. We didn't have all these salacious stories coming up, coming out about their acts. And I feel like because of the younger generation and hip hop being number one, I feel like the people don't want to accept it and they wanna put out there and sully I ax or put our ax dirty laundry out on the forefront. And once you do That is where do we go from from there?


Right? Like I feel like that's an intact on hip hop. That's the angle that I'm taking. Like the Jay-Z shit, the Diddy shit. I mean of course Diddy get him, you know, get him outta here, whatever It is. But did he, the Jays shit, the Drake shit, like even building Kendrick Lamar or they said bots allegedly to put the smut on Drake name. Where is the PDF? Right. We call em a PD. Those our top legacy acts, our top acts in hip hop are being attacked with smear campaigns and being held to the light or their alleged closet, I guess dirty laundry. It is being brought to the light and to me simultaneously or It is happening back to back to back.


I feel like there's an attack on hip hop and that's just, that was my angle. I can't really speak to like the Jay-Z thing. But when you have exhibited predatory behavior Yes. For over 30 years and it has been well documented Yes. And reported then this is just chickens coming home to motherfucking roost. I also wanted to, you know what I'm saying, add that in that timeline that you mentioned, 2017 or whatever, that's like kind of when the Me Too shit really Hit Hit it stride. Yeah. Yeah. So that's just one note in your note. And everybody, And everyone was saying, 'cause Me Too started with the film industry, they said music is next. Yeah. But but you, but you, do you understand what I'm saying though?


I get like I the back to back thing man, I, I get it. Right. I'm not saying that For every, for for every Diddy you have Nas, you have a jaus, there's so many artists that do not have any history. Yes. You need to highlight Some of the, Of being Scummy. Yes. You know what I'm saying? As a matter of fact, like I tell this story every chance I get. When I did knock yourself out with Jadakiss, he was so respectful. And this is 2001 when Misogyny, Right? Yeah. You know what what I'm saying? Like it's just there is a way to conduct yourself and then there is the abuse of power.


Yeah, I understand that man. And being predatory and being a scumbag Don You Don't, you, you know what I think also, Don't you understand? But don't you, when you, when I say the, the back to back, like something is happening. But look. Right, even if it was UMG, something is happening where I asked are being made to, I don't Made here. Here's the part you're missing though. Flip Using no long terms. I'm sorry. Granted, and, and let me, let me make myself clear Here. Please. Not excusing any behavior That is in the, That's I'm saying I don't want to do that yet. Now To your point about back to back happening here and there with the puff situation, that was Puff's ego that had, that brought him to this. Okay. Puff's been getting away with it. Okay. Would've gotten away with it. But It is, no, I'm not paying you.


No I'm not doing this. And you almost dared cast Down the file. Okay? And a lot of times people would not file out fear of what you might do. She was just bold enough to not give a fuck and wasn't scared. Let me Let so hold, lemme just, Okay, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So that's that one with the drink situation also ego. I say, because again, Kendrick warned him, we don't have to go here. We ain't gotta do this, let's keep it here. But your ego says, nigga fuck you. I could do what I, you can't fuck with me. Okay? I don't like That's a horrible Yeah. I'm, I I, he, if if I warned you, hold on, hold on. If I warn you say that, if I warn you and say Yo dogs, you step on my sneaker again, I'm gonna slap the shit out you And you step on it again and You step on my sneak again and I slap the shit out.


You, I told you to not, we don't have to. Just don't have to happen. That's horrible. That's a horrible analogy. Okay. With the puff shit, there's been, now we've seen the video of Cassie, which we would've never probably seen. It's undeniable. You are comparing somebody that we've seen get proven to do something with somebody putting a heinous rumor on somebody. They're not equivalent. Oh no, no, no, no, no. I'm talking about just shit hap just shit. It's not quick. No, no. I'm, hold on, let me respond to him. What I'm speaking to is, I don't think we get these rumors, these accusations. I don't think it even goes there.


That's my point, y'all. I don't care. No, That's not, that's not just Wait, wait, wait. That's I'm saying before We, we in the mud, we playing in the mud. You putting muddy shit on me. I'm putting muddy shit on you. My mud Stuck. No. What rock acts or pop acts have you seen get ridiculed, ridiculed back to back to back to back? I, I don't care at this moment. Don't get me wrong. We should, but I don't care about that. 'cause the fact of the matter is if these people are doing This shit, whether It is an attack on hip hop or not, it needs to be called out in check. I'm with you on that. I Agree. So, so I don't, So which is what we're saying. Cool. Right. As much as we like to focus on the attack on maybe one or two figures, there's a bunch of other figures that we can highlight in that moment to balance it out. Don't get me wrong, puff Jay, whoever those are the top of the top.


But there are people within that that don't move like that. You have the denzels, you have the Samuel Wells, you have people within black entertainment. If we wanna lean on as leaders who don't move in a certain fashion that we never even heard stories about that in these moments, we should lean and highlight more to having a focus on, oh, they're taking two of our greatest. Okay, cool. Maybe some of them niggas is nasty. Niggas that need to Be taken. Yes. And and I agree with that. And, and and, And if it's an attack on hip hop, then we need to focus on well why you niggas in power are not upstanding hip hop and, and making sure that you're not moving a certain way to, for us to not be attacked. That's good point. I'm not, I'm not excusing their behavior. I just looked at the timeline. Thug, NBA young boy, Dirk, Jay, Drake, puff.


It's different. No, listen. No, no, no, no. I'm Gonna say this what I'm saying. No, no. Let me just say this. It's just back to back to back. So maybe, I guess because hip hop is not the number one genre. The light is on us. What I'm saying is that, but they're throwing it in our faces where it's like, nigga, we are going to teach y'all a lesson. All, all This shit that y'all gotta work with, not letting Nasty, there's a nasty element within hip hop that needs to be exposed. The Difference and the power. Oh go ahead. Dip, finish. Or there's a nasty element and a predatory nature in every genre of music, right. That needs to be exposed so that we can clean This shit up so that the actual things that are going on positive in it can be highlighted instead of us focusing on it real quick.


Maybe Also the powers that be don't give a fuck. 'cause they the ones making all the money off This shit. Mm. They not bro. Wow. They are paying you rappers pennies on the dollar. They are making billions upon billions off of y'all and yeah, go kill yourselves. So they're not, there's no incentive for them to now try to shut y'all down. The differences in the, the the the different genres of music. Hip hop music is a music that came out of the pain of the ghetto. So a lot of hip hop artists literally have one foot in a ghetto and one foot out. So because you do have one for in the ghetto or you did live a life of crime or you literally were doing some of the things that you say in your raps, that stuff is in you.


So if a nigga get outta line and you grew up in a place where if a nigga get outta line, you put 'em back in line, that's still in you. You understand what I'm saying? Some of these other genres of music didn't come from that. Some of those other genres of music didn't necessarily, the artists didn't necessarily have an upbringing as these artists. So you're not going to get the same outcomes to some of the same shit. I agree. Like you can't, A nigga was fake facing a Rico case. Yeah. That's a prominent artist that came from his environment that he grew up in that didn't come from some made up shit music. The powers up being flip that didn't come from music. But flip You right though, there is an attack on hip hop. It's always been an attack on hip hop from the day was birth.


It's always gonna be there. But we at a point now within just society, we have to choose between what side we gonna stand on the side of good side of bad. We, I, I'm, I'm, but I think you guys think I'm excusing the Behaviors. Didn didn't say that. No, no I Don't think so. And I don't want that. I don't want that. If, if and if I'm doing that I am, that's not my intent at all. I'm not talking about the behaviors we're talking about when I looked at and did the research and I just feel like now we have became so powerful that now we are in the doors, we're in the conversations, we are own, we can own teams and we could be in those rooms that they have no choice but to accept us in. Let, let me f So yeah, go Ahead. I'm gonna finish my point. I think that with the technological advances that are happening today, niggas is doing dumb shit.


Getting they self caught up in dumb shit. So even if we are looking for you, when you go rent a car for a nigga and the nigga get killed in the rent a car that you rent it for it like, yo my nigga, you gonna get investigated. That's just common sense shit. So again, these people, half of they one leg in the hood, other leg out the hood being in music and sometimes those two things clash. You get what I'm saying? Like sometimes those two things clash again. Like I Just feel like there's always been an attack on hip hop. The strategy just looks different on how you go ahead to attack It, to minimize it. Well lemme say this, the people, I don't think, well the other acts that were going through the, I heard a lot of stories about these fucking rock stars and pop stars. A lot of nasty stories. Yeah. But the labels did more to protect them or to protect those stories.


It wasn't or it might be the time. That's what I wanna know. Is it the time Technology is different? Is It the timing? Basketball players, all athletes, they all got protection. It is money being generated. You think that the label wanna lock a nigga up that's making them millions and billions of dollars. Don't take that bro. We saw the label, the label's gonna cover up your shit. We saw the label. Go get NBA young boy out and put his ass in, put his ass up in Utah so we can continue to make money off of you. That's what I'm telling you because his, the powers that generations was crazy. You are worth much more to us outside. Yeah, I think It is. I think it's a little weird and disingenuous to constantly talk about how bad the music industry treats artists in terms of splits and financials and then at the same time be like, oh, they're trying to take them down.


Yeah. Like it doesn't, that doesn't Don don, you're not sending me a cash cow to jail at all. I'm gonna do whatever I can to keep cash. I feel they're to To take it down though. Parks, what I was saying is that I just think that they want to take the, the power that hip hop is the leverage that hip hop has. They don't have no leverage because they don't own shit. I'm Talking about the leverage hiphop has on society in the streaming world. In, in, in the, But you can't, that markets, you can't, you can't flip that's do that. The white People that own the hip hop industry, they Wanted to, they Are the nigga's benefit. They're happy. The artist not really gaining leverage. Maybe one or two artists out of a million are gaining leverage. They Don't care what genre is the genre. They just gonna know that they going to be the person in control of it and benefiting the most.


That's all It is. I I just feel like in this, every generation has seen its version of what level of hip hop influences had. We also, when hip hop really had the influence to, to surpass all the other genres. It was in the midst of social media being so prevalent. That's True. Got it. And information flowed so easily. That's what I said. 72%. That's true. It's a lot, it's a lot different from when rock was, 'cause there wasn't that lot, lot different from pop r and b the eighties. Like take it off. If there was Instagram and Twitter in the middle of the Eighties, Michael Jackson would've been larger than life nigga. It would've been NBA would not exist. Yeah, true. Different. NBA we heard stories what these niggas was doing. Imagine if there was Instagram or, or just a random person can get their story out and, and and it, it take legs and actually grow.


And to Ish's point and to your point really, I think that if, if hip hop is this huge fucking platform now it's number one overtook rock or whatever It is. Yeah. Yes. That's a huge spotlight being put on these artists that are going platinum, multi-platinum for a decade at a time. Yet they're still doing That's What I'm, they're still Deciding some level Of moral ambiguity. They're aware as they should be that they're Famous. You're going live with guns in the background of your life. You're doing videos with guns at the video shoot when you on probation my nigga, you starting to do stupid shit and because of a magnifying glass is on you now it's becoming more evident back in the, the day you might've got that off because you didn't have the same magnifying glass on you.


I understand it was, it was basketball players throwing niggas through windows back in the day. But because now we could go like this. Yeah. At the first sight of any drama niggas be just like this. Hey look, it ain't even just hip hop bro. It's, it's, it's, it's the cat and mouse game. Queen criminals and technology. True. That's really what It is. People have been, people think they smarter than back years ago. You think, yo, if my page is locked, nobody could see it. I could do whatever the fuck I wanna do. Yes. You know what I'm saying? There's niggas that still think that or I I'm from a burner page, they ain't gonna know it's me. So now I could get these threats so I could, I could do whatever I'm doing. Yo do We forget our most recognized and most famous rapper who can go anywhere on earth and represent hip hop was on trial for murder.


Like we forget that. Like he wasn't that then, But Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh no, he wasn't that then. I'm just saying like in The circumstance, In the midst, in the peak of his Snoop Snoop, Snoop. Yeah. Like in the peak of his fame and he had the labels, he had the greatest, they supported him 'cause they needed to support him because he was the industry at that point. He was bigger than at that moment. He was bigger than Pac, bigger than big, all of that. He was the top artist. It happens. But, but just let, just, just ask this. Please. Not making any excuse. When the individuals start doing things for the people say if they did have a bad, well puff, his behavior was ongoing so let's exclude him.


Not sure anything about Russell or anything is ongoing. But I, I remember when it was imp important moves that these individuals were making, that's when everything starts to, the wall starts to come in. That's an assumption. That's that's just, and And part of it, let's say it's true, but look, you start making important moves. I know what I gonna say. Eyes get on you. You and you still gave them, you still gave them the shit. You still did it. You Still get like and that's and that's number one. Anything else If they look nothing there they looked. It wasn't nothing there. But when you start making important move, for example, somebody say one of our ultra rich hip hop dude Drake size, I wanna buy an NFL team.


They're gonna investigate you. They're gonna look into every yo you try to buy a house, they wanna look into everything. I understand. So If you got some shit there, they might find it. Or some pilot. Somebody that don't want you to I wanted to buy it. I don't want this nigga to get it. Or I heard he trying to get it. Yeah. You borrow money from some hard money lenders. They do a criminal background check on you. Yeah. And they will not lend you money depending on, Lemme tell, I'm gonna tell you a story that I know. Be mindful. Back in the days, the person that I know did something bad, their life changed for about 25 years, 30 years.


They've been on the right path when there was a house in the area that, that goes for a lot of money. But he didn't wanna sell. So now it's going for like 3 million, right. Where they wanna sell like the, the, the, the, the Jewish man wanted to buy the house. You know that we found out that the Jewish guy, he made these calls and did some research to get the person in trouble. So now when you in trouble and now you out the house, 'cause now you're locked up, you're in Locked up.


Maybe the bank seizes it. 'cause the foreclosure thing, not the not, but not only the bank seizes it, but the bank tried to seize it. But then you forced the person to sell to pay off their legal fees and shit. The legal fees and stuff. So then now dirty game, the Jewish man Got it for cheaper than what he wanted for initially. But that was an example that I learned. And this is a family member of mine that wa that that was an example that I, that I saw in real time. Because a another guy told me, another Jewish guy told me, yo, yeah we did that. We, we, we, I mean that happened. We looked into this, we knew about that. We made the, and I was, he was extremely honest. But then knowing that story that how far people will go to bring you down, It is like I I, 'cause I know we run it so we can, I just wanna use this quick example.


Yeah. 1% what you're saying, if you're doing these things, then it Did, Did doing whatever. It can still be a thing of a a I always go to Mike, Mike thing is everyone, I believe Mike had an affinity for helping kids. Right. I think at a certain point he pushed that to the world so much that we knew you attached Mike with he's trying to help kids, whether he's going to the hospitals, stuff like that. Boom, boom. If they can't find something on you, they'll create something. Sometimes they'll take the very things you love and find a way to turn it against you. So at that point, are We not human E I'm just saying we not change, I'm just saying. But at, at that point, your Michael and you see that this is the path they're taking, you might need to pull back from being that close so that they can't get the opportunity to crash you down.


Okay. So after the first attempt at something like that and it's not successful and you still continue to move in a certain way, they're going to keep trying to play that against you. Got it. So that Like for me, in those situations, if you know the game you're in, you know how predatory It is. You know how much they'll go out their way to diminish your character. Sometimes you need to go ahead for the better good step back from something so that they have nothing on you at all. And that's just How them niggas was putting fines on the house. Hey, I seen that shit. My cousin had to go through that shit. I seen it putting fines. He was calling me from, yo can you go pay this calling my mother, can y'all go pay this? They was putting fines, yo, this, this, this, this is something illegal in the backyard that was built or something on the side of the house.


Like they would go in there to do that. They put all this like dog, they and I had to help my cousin. I had to go to fuck it. I had to, I had to go do this. And they told no this Is the game flip. This is the game. Hey bitch, tell me is it something you're aware of? This is the game. Look, let me tell you, hey, not even a black person, old girl that used to own Jersey girls, they wanted the club. Yo sell it to us. No, I'm not gonna sell it. Okay cool. We gonna send the cops, we're gonna do this. Like they play, this is just a game where it's we going, we gonna get it. I mean we seen it now we seen it with, with little dirt. You know how you speak about the attack on hip hop If we want to, you know, we can assume. Yes. He has allegations being accused of hiring murder for hire another one, several a new charge it.


He went up to try to receive bond. They put up Sony, put up some bread, a Million Dollars, a million dollars, put up some houses and tried. And they was like, nah, you too of a, too much of a liability. Is that an attack on hip hop? Yes. How? Because it's just back to back. So you just worried about the timing of it? That's what I'm talking about, yeah. Okay. I'm not worried about the individual. I mean with Dirk Dirk's situation, Dirk, you, if Dirk, obviously this is all alleged, but if he put himself in that situation, then what's happening is going to happen. That's life. But also I can't, even though I'm a hypocrite, I cannot speak.


I am a big hypocrite. You are. 'cause I'm actually shocked at you 'cause you're not the conspiracy theist, But, but I, I, I cannot speak from the side of, 'cause if you really ask my real opinion, I understand certain shit because of where I come from. You a product of your environment. I am a product of my environment. I don't believe in certain things. Yeah. How long you get to lean on that? Yeah, A lot. Your environment changed. I I get to lean on the lot because of my thought pattern. Because I know that if something happened, I know how I'm gonna respond to it. Well, all that shit I do on the internet or when I say I, I know it's not right. Lemme ask you a question. In, in, in, in reality, I'm playing the internet game. I'm sorry I'm playing the internet game. But in reality, I know what I'm going to do because I feel it in my core. Like, I'm gonna do this.


Where does that come from? It is not right. It's not. But don't make faces. We judge it. But It is, he's Right. I I wanna ask you a question. I agree with you because you just, when you was talking about the family member that did something 20 some odd years ago, and you said, but yo, we are not allowed to change. We are not allowed to do this. So the same thing can't apply to you. You could have been a product of your environment. You ain't in that environment no more. You been true outta that? That's not true. I'm asking him. He's still in the environment. Just because your residents moved, that don't mean that he's not still in that environment. Mentally. You, you could be, and he still goes back every day. We able to give these answers like this because we are not the people actually in the situation. So I'm pretty sure if it was on the other end, we will feel differently. Don't get me wrong. We are pro, If somebody killed my brother, you trying to say, I wanna make a decision to have them murdered.


What I what I'm saying to you, that's What you basically tell us. What I what I'm saying to you is this, it's easy to say to someone, damn, I understand that situation because he's a product of, of his environment. Yeah, I get that. But if we're sitting on the other side of that, we don't want to hear that shit as an excuse. True. We don't wanna, we don't want to use that as well. I understood why he did that because look where he come from. We are gonna be tight. We're gonna also say, nigga, you have millions of dollars. Why you even, why do you even have to go ahead and look? We have to just stop taking. We have to stop going ahead. Money Doesn't take away the pain. It doesn't. Has nothing to do with that. But money. But money Affords you certain luxuries money to fix. Thank you. To fix The trauma, the hurt, the Pain, The trauma. That's Not true. Forget just money experiencing things different And y therapy people.


That's not true. Let's go. No matter how much money you have, it ain't gonna fix no pain and no trauma afforded you the luxuries to fix the pain and the trauma. Yeah. There is luxuries that you are afforded with money that Fixed pain and trauma of your brother getting killed. First Off, for a guy from Chicago who doesn't have the money to travel the world to even see other experiences, you now have the money to see those things. Did You hear what I said? Just listen to what I'm saying. Go ahead. You have the experience now, which is a luxury that most people don't get. Yeah. I've been all over the world and if my brother got murdered, ain't no island in Dubai. Ain't no cruise, ain't no fucking Niagara Falls gonna fix that. Okay. You, you and also Lamont Hill sat right here and said the nigga that tried to kill his brother, mark Lamont Hill, sat right here last episode.


The man tried to kill my brother and we found out that he was dead. He deserved to die. Release said Clear with you. It was a relief. Lemme be very clear with you. You Didn't say that. Fuck all that. Lemme be very clear to killed. Yeah. If I get a million dollars in my pocket For whatever reason, right, I'm now moving in a certain manner. Someone kills somebody in my family. Yes. My initial thought would want to be. Yeah, you know what? I want to hire someone. Do not. I wanna get it done. You know what? I'm gonna also think after that I'm of a different level at this point. I also have my kids also have my family. Exactly. That relies on me to now move in a different manner of which I would want to move before. And I'm not gonna do that because in the short term, what I did might have a a, a little feeling over me. But in the long term, I, it's a reverberating effect.


Isn't gonna fuck up everything. Sorry. Sounds good, bro. It sounds good. Just like the other side of bleeding. Lemme ask you, But lemme, lemme ask you a question. Lemme ask you a question in Front about, fuck, I'm I'm about to You Ask you a question. You just had an incident nigga and you knew better. You just had an incident. I not, I'm not gonna go with that. No, that's not true. That's bad. Now that's bad. Think that's A bad, That's a bad example. Wait, wait. Tell me wait, Wait, wait, wait. I got 'em. E listen. I'm gonna go to your point. A million dollars. Let's not say a million dollars. Whatever. 20 million. There you go. You saying I'm changing my environment. You might have went and killed a nigga yourself before you got to 20 million. Now you feel like I'm gonna go hire somebody to remove myself and go kill the individual.


That is your difference. But based on your environment, you're absolutely Right. And let me, let me just say this. You get what I'm saying? No, you're absolutely right. Okay. But at that point, we need to start holding niggas accountable and stop making excuses for the fact. So that's all I'm speaking to. True. I'm agree with you. If you're, if you're, if you're in society and you're working towards bettering yourself and you showing that and you've got the op, yo, there's people, don't get me wrong, little Dirk is talented. Very. But there's niggas out here more talented than little Dirk. I agree. Who are busting their ass just as much, who never get the opportunity to do This shit on a real level. So now when you are letting to the door in a way where you have the opportunity to change the legacy of your family, I'm saying you are right. Theoretically. Cool. There are people out here that think like him and I'm not knocking them.


And they're also people that are thinking like what I'm saying. And I'm just saying in those situations, we need to hold niggas like that accountable and stop making excuses for who, look at where they come from. I know a lot of niggas that come from, where did he come from and decide to make the actual positive change? Got one. I'm sorry, but Y'all was in the strip club not too long ago. Y'all was in the strip club not too long ago. And you and Joe came in here and talked about the situation where it was mad niggas, big niggas, they're gonna stop Making me seem like the violent Bro. We having a conversation. Your response and your response was not the same. He kind of Got it. Got him. Your response was, yo, I'm from where I'm from. This nigga's playing me like I'm pussy. I don't care if we was undermanned And I'ma do what I'm doing.


And Vern had to come in and say, yo, the nigga had to rosco on right there. That is what you said. You didn't assess. Hold Up. No, it's not. Hold up. E because he's changing what actually happened. Hold up E you did. What happened? I'm telling you. Y'all changing what happened when I walk into the spot and I see that homie is being a certain way, you know what I did? I went and walked the other way. I made the decision at that point to go around and walk the other way. Joe said, you went right through him. No, he's lying. I'm telling you what happened when I'm there and I walk in and I see homie blocking away and I looked and said, what's going on? He said something. And in that moment I wanted to revert to what I would've naturally done was to have been snuff him. I didn't, because I realized Joe's over there, he don't need that type of attention and Vern is here and he's a hot head and I know once I move he's gonna move.


So I took my ass and walked around. He then decided he didn't like that. I was just that poised about it, not engaging. That's what happened. Keep going. So I exhibited, retrain, he doing something different. I usually move, keep going. Then when he then comes to speak to Joe in reference to me, I said to him as a man, yo, you don't have to talk to Joe. You can talk to me. Boom, boom. And we had a simple discourse shook hands. That was it. What y'all talking about? Hold up. Hold. I'm gonna tell don't let his story. I was about to say, you didn't say that that day. That's because Joe was 100%, you know, Joe was gonna put actions In the story. Cool. So the story that I'm using to, to just Yes, exactly.


Is a story. 'cause you didn't say that that day when Joe, when Joe, you know we Got it got beautiful broadcast at the end of the day. When you use examples like that, I've Shown again that changes things. But all right, cool. We can move along. But our environment definitely dictate how we respond to certain stimulus. Got It. Still over bit. No, it was about to be but They got the little sin on top Done. Yet they not done. They Not done. We scrapped them. Yo. In clo. In clo in closing. I just feel like it's easier said than done. It is. Absolutely. I feel like you can't just, I feel like a lot of people experience and being lucky or being mature helps you get away.


Not get away, but get out of different situations. Sure. Experience being mature and and luck to me. You know, because sometimes you have, and It's a, It is a third bro. I mean it's another one. It's fourth. Fourth. Excuse me, it's a fourth. Some people might want to take it there. And in that moment you realize, yo, I got a lot to lose. Like you some just that quick. That's true. Weighing your options bro. Lemme say, you know I'm hip, I go this way, this Happens. I go this way. I, I made fun. You know what? You Got it. I made fun of the Philly guy last episode. Perfectly same. I made fun of him was the exonerated guy, was the exonerated, got him with the Trevor $1,200. But like it, he's in institutionalized. Right? Like it's, it's some things in some environments that you around that all you do, all you know how to do is react one way.


Yo, this Nigga trying to play me for my money. Yo, Can I give you Example as a man, you feel like he's wrong. I'm not to Rap. To wrap quick example and sluts to girls love karaoke. I went the other night, right? You in there a lot now? Oh, that's my spot. He's a singer. I lot Now It was five Doreen. Doreen, It was five while I'm, and I'll make this quick. While I was in there, I was next to someone that I had an issue with. He didn't know that I had the issue with him, but I had an issue with him about some business things that happened with them. Music. Right. My initial thought was I wanted to really like wall out. I wanted to wall out. But then you saw he had mad niggas with him and that too and he got Yeah, yeah, I know that too. His weight was up.


No, I mean but in that moment went, hey, when you get a chance, I want to chop it with you about Something nice and peaceful. Growth. And when he got up to get ready, yo what I'm talking about, we standing next to each other this whole time. This is somebody that I felt might have did something and might at me before. He said, yo, explain myself like a gentleman. He spoke like a gentleman. Yo, boom, boom. It's confusion. Not on both of our parts but on some industry stuff. We ded said Yo man, at some point we could work together. And that was it. That to me was the level of I understand who I could have been before and how I want to approach it to now doing something different today. All Right. You know that nigga, that nigga was gonna hide no shit. Yeah. Yeah. That's what that was.


Nigga Slide your ass around across the street. You been, it's not unusual to be slid. Not anyone unusual as that nigga falsetto you. Right. Parks, I wanted to ask you something. Sure. Just to switch gears. So I'm reading on the board, 'cause you know sports ain't my thing, but it says that Miami released OBJ. Do you have feelings about this? I mean it salute to OBJ but he is not OBJ that we once knew. He, he can't really get separation. He's still a, a good receiver. He'll be a good teammate somewhere. He just didn't really fit in down there. So did he Get picked up? Not to my knowledge yet. I Said do you think he gets picked up? Oh Do I think so?


Yeah, I think so. He's a veteran. He's he, he would be good on a team that has a bunch of young wide receivers and needs someone dependable or someone that's super injury, riddled Some or somebody that's going to the playoffs, potentially going to the Super Bowl to just need fucking Kansas City. He catch that slant, he can still take off. He can't get the separation to catch the slant. That's the problem. But if he catch it, that nigga can take it to the house. So he going Somewhere, He'll go somewhere for the cheap. He wasn't terrible with us. He just wasn't particularly impactful. We got younger guys that they're trying to get more time. So For the cheap, he, he, he, I mean hey for the cheap come on down to the black and gold baby now for the cheap yo. Y'all will he fit in y'all on welfare? You try to get everybody nigga. I want a receiver.


You want somebody that can be Service effective though. An impact. Yeah, I And that isn't injury riddled. Is that what you called him? Yeah, he was, he he's been healthy for the last well couple months. He missed ha he missed half the season so I guess. Okay. He's been healthy for a couple, maybe a month and a half. Mm damn that. Okay. All right. Well well football, since you introduced it to us, they on the NFL ass for Christmas. I mean they on the NBA ass for Christmas bro. Yeah, they got Mariah Carey opening up for Beyonce. They Are putting foot ass on Christmas. Mariah Carey. Wait, wait, who? Who? So you know they got Beyonce. Mariah Carey haven't sound good in a long time, nigga. Nah, she on tour right now. She don't sound that bad. She back, My wife's started last year, I wanna say for the Christmas shit.


And she said it was phenomenal so, okay. Okay. Well For I, Well Spanish keep going. They, they already have Beyonce performing at halftime of the Houston Baltimore game. Yes. Now they have Beyonce. I'm, excuse me, I'm upset about now they have Mariah Carey for the, the next game. Not halftime, but she's just pregame. Yeah, she's opening up the, the Christmas festivities with the Christmas song and It's on Christmas Day. Yeah. Which is, That's epic bro. Come on dog. Yeah, that's epic. All I want for Christmas is you Mariah Carey on Christmas NFL And then Beyonce. And then Beyonce. Wow. I Wonder if Beyonce's gonna do Christmas records? Nah, I don't think so. Beyonce doing a whole halftime, whole halftime show.


How long is it gonna be the regular 12 minutes like Super Bowl or is it gonna be longer? 2020. Wait, wait, Wait. So are they adding Tom to the Super Bowl Half for this? For the, just for this? Yeah, just for this. It seems like They putting a lot more Yeah. On as Well. They have a lot more. First of all, there's no commercials on Netflix. I don't think. Netflix. So that's one And two, the commercials are not at the stakes of the Super Bowl. We're not cutting into no halftime show for where we're getting a million dollars per 30 seconds. A million that, yeah, more than that. Whatever. Fuck It Is. Doritos just gave us 150 million for a 92nd spot. No nigga, you gotta n NBA gonna have to put some strip Strippers at their halftime show or Something. They already at the NBA is there.


They're there. They definitely there. Holler at Holly and them niggas. They're not strippers but holler at, they need to bring some, they Need something 'cause they some sexy girls. It is crazy. I never Watched. Okay. I let Melyssa Ford. Melyssa Ford. No, No, don't holler at me for shit Troops. You'll make it clap. I mean I will. You're right. You right, You right. I'm gonna find a motherfucking way. You know, high six figures low seven. Yeah. I never watch, I never watched that. Fix your face motherfucker. What? Go ahead. Sorry. I Never watch. I should make that shit. W wobble wobble me. W get up now. Low seven figures. All right. You were saying, I Was just saying I never really watched the NNFL during Christmas so It is gonna be Well before was It is new.


It wasn't the Beyonce Mariah Carey show before it even was. Nah, it's new. And they only played on Christmas if Christmas was on a Sunday. Mm, That's Right. That's how it used to be. The NBA used to always play on Sunday. The NBA has the NBA has Christmas day no matter what day It is. That's like a they the schedule you look forward to see who's playing on Christmas. It is. Yeah. So and it'd be what, 3, 3, 4 games. Three games. So now A NFL say We are here. What's wrong with the NBA now nigga? The Well wait, Before we go to the N bm sorry, just before we leave the NFL, we wanna send a congratulations to Vince Carter and Tracy McGrady for becoming minority owners of the buffalo bills. Oh, that's it. Up, That's great. That's super fly. Two, two out, 10 new minority owners.


And I think it's also a soccer player, black soccer player who's a part of the Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. I read that. I read, I can't remember his name but that's, that's dope. That's fantastic. The door's about to open Up. What, what's wrong with the NBA now? And are you gonna shout out bro James 30 points the other day nigga. What? What I gotta shout him out for. Shout him out. 30 points in the G league nigga. Just put some respect on the name But yeah What? Stop reading the comments. Stop reading the comments. I saw him play. I saw It too. Okay. And are you proud? Had a good game. Yeah, he shot well he shot well from the floor. That's all you gotta say. That's what happened. Oh so he ain't really played. He played, He balled out man It is 30 points is 30 points man.


30 points. Thank you. He Balled out. Hey yo, I'm gonna keep it real my nigga. Is It is over for the NBA bro. Like I nigga The Nigga, nigga is not, they need to bring back fighting Ish. No, what's happening? Bring back Ron Artes take that meta world peace shit out. Bring back Ronald s that big nigga that was on the sixes. That was fucking niggas up. There was a nigga fucking niggas up back in the day on the sixes. Nah, you talking about, you talking about on Detroit? Detroit? Oh yeah. You Talking about Ben Wallace? Oh Yeah, yeah. Bring that nigga back. Yeah. Bring all the rough. You gotta bring the rough. That's what we love. Paul gotta back VE Maxwell. Nah, they getting their ass kicked. Especially in the beginning of the season. 'cause the NFL is still here so they tried to spice up the season with the end season tournament shit and all of that. They're Doing a lot man. Even that though, in season tournament, the the, the marquee marketable teams didn't make it.


Yeah, because yeah, like they put the ticket prices out and young niggas nice. It's like $29 tickets. The parody in the, and the parody in the NBA is close. Like It is not just this runaway teams no more. And again some even the veteran niggas that's up up, they don't really be playing to the playoff show. I Was talking about This shit the other day too. Let's go Pickety. First of all, I think they've overcomplicated the league and I absolutely do actually like the kind of the new playoff format. However, if half the teams are going to the fucking playoffs, it really makes, why do we even give a fuck about the regular season at all? Yeah Because you want finish in that top 11 Still. I get it. But the more teams that they add to it, It is like, all right dog. Like Yo, the NBA is trash 'cause the gameplay change man.


That's It. That's true too. That's it. That's It. All It is just three. I watched the, I watched the game where homie was literally at the basket for the easy lay and still dished it out for the three mm. They played different. It's just not, They need all the old school people bro. Nah, it's not even that. They just gotta make the game exciting again. Boring This shit now It is. Everybody is bro. I watch an NBA game and all five offensive players, like while they got the ball surround three point line all standing around the three point line, they just swinging that shit to somebody open and take the shot. There's no post game no more. There's no poster rising. Nobody no more like the excitement part is out. Everybody wanna be the one that hit the 40 foot three pointer. Yeah, they be dunking on niggas. But what happened is not like they made the game faster with the three point shot.


They trying to deliberately got rid of the post game. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? To make the pace of the game faster, especially with the three second rules and more and more dunking all of that shit. They to, in the eighties They scoring nineties, scoring 120 points was a lot. Unheard. A Lot. Damn was a, it was competitive. It was something to it. Today if you not average and it was Also more contact 1 17 1 like, it's like you're not even a competitive team. The Allstar game, they scored over 200 points. Yeah. It's like what are we, what are we doing that's fucking ridiculous. What are we Doing? Like what, what the fuck is, what are we doing? They gotta bring some young niggas from Chicago, some young niggas from from the Bronx. They gotta bring all the niggas. Yeah. They need that better. They need more shooting in the locker rooms. They need that.


We don't need that. I know I'm a hypocrite, but I'm a hypocrite. We need some, we need some stories. Yo the niggas is making millions and hundreds of millions of dollars need and, and, and not, the product is not selling to the audience. Ain't know the other part. All these niggas is really friends. Like the the that part too. Yeah. The competitiveness is not the same nigga. I'm your fault. I'm not trying to kill you. We going to the club together for It is say what a a u it's AAU for They going to high school, they traveling together, they friends together. These niggas been knowing each other since 13, 14. Calling each other's mind. You know what I mean? Mother's mind, all that shit. They be knowing each other their whole entire lives. So now when I get to the league, it's still my man.


Like Jordan used to be like, yo, I wouldn't speak to them niggas. I Hated them, nigga. That's what we need nigga. I didn't talk to him. Jordan Said he used to make up stories in his brain To motivate himself. To Motivate Himself. But they gave you MVP. Alright, that's all I need. Yeah. Took it personal. Take it personal At that point. It's too friendly nigga. Yeah, It is. It's too complicated. That in season tournament shit. Them course is fucking hideous. Yo. That's why I, when I Still don't really understand the point. Really? The hell no. That I love the, that shit was bright red the other day. That shit was, I was like, that's because you Old man. You like, you like you got a sha Park old. The light make you like you got a Shyte boy. You look crazy with that black eye black guy shaky. You want, we wanna ride on them.


We riding on them for you. Nah, we good. We good. We good. We Good. They gonna ride the lawyers. Ride the lawyers ride. See, get off your dirt. Shit. Let the lawyers ride yo say yeah. All little Flip little remember little flip. Y'all the rapper? Hell yeah. What, What are you giving my phone for? I like my Phone. You, you've been on your phone all day. Which, how's your reel Doing is what's the door? The reel is posted. I was just looking up like some of the comments. Yeah, It's fine. Listen, I'm, I'm engaging. That's not what you were looking at. Shut up. Okay. And stop looking over my shoulder. Sick. You Need a privacy Screen. Fuck.


Okay, you over Here watching the fucking killer Luigi. Okay. Yo, Listen, you want him to you Luigi got the ho bro. Yeah, he do. We got The males. No, I said I call you off Hoig. Listen me, I audio the ho love Luigi bro. They do Really? They do. They do a lot. They they like this nigga's attractive male, but, but Mel, yes. No, you Good? She like, Yeah, no I know. I mean, Luigi ka pop. I I Mean he the real male. What? Kill Luigi. He actually, Luigi Mel, Mel like them white niggas. Hold on. Hold. Okay, let answer. First of all, he's not white. He's Neopolitan Ethnic looking. Hold on. What ethnicity? Let it, let it Answer Italian.


What is that? Not White. Do you classify Italian as white? What The fuck is Italy? Yes. Yes. Italy is in Europe. Check The mail. Check this nigga. Oh, Call that white. Adjacent. Adjacent. That really Matters to your What? Listen. Okay, listen. Okay. I'm not gonna go so far as S like it's okay to like white man. He's, he, he's attractive. He's attractive. He is very, very attractive. And apparently a lot of people seem to find him extremely attractive because there has been a surge in merchandise. T-shirts, hats, wine tumblers, the Luigi hats. What you ordered. That's what you was over there doing. Order some Luigi shit. I Didn listen, she got the wine t I'm Got the wine on the t-shirt and take it on the second.


You Nuts. I am not contributing to, That's that Ish Pop. Mel, lemme ask you question. I'm ask you a question. What Luigi being as handsome as he is. Nice body and everything. Oh Shit. Sorry. And he came to you. Would you have hit him in your apartment while police is looking for him? If he was giving you that, that, that, that that that Italian stallion. That Italian stallion. Italian sausage. You know, I mean I've always wanted to like, you know, be the girl that just, you know, got into some kind of clandestine shit with her man. Yeah. You know, be a Bonnie to somebody's C cl. Yeah. It was An accessory to the crime. Yeah, A little bit. Yeah. Yeah. I mean know a lot of bit who Hasn't want like, I mean there's some romanticism to that whole notion, you know?


But They died practically Speaking. No murder's wrong. He might, Lenny, I lie that nigga Lui. You would have me like This shit. No, I'm sorry. Listen. Okay. Yeah. It's to me, listen, Look off Luigi. Okay. That's Funny. So my Wife said that her group chats were going crazy over Luigi. Yo women like him Trying to find dick pics and all types of shit. I'm Like, yo, women like that guy. Yo. For real? They Was looking for Luigi dick. Yeah, Apparently. Yo, that's crazy. I mean I thought that his, you know, I just thought his face was attractive.


And then I saw a picture of him hiking shirtless. I was like, Yo, Okay listen, I get the Obsession. So from the totally get the Obsession. He got a bad back though. What can y'all can't do nothing with him. That's hate. Yo. I see around nigga. Take a look around you hate ass nigga. I don't believe you Did that. What are you talking about? That nigga could lay there just like this. Yeah, It is. Nigga turned Mel into, into into Melyssa Buick. Nigga Mel been, I played with these young niggas. So you would've recognized him?


Of course he would. Without the, without. 'cause you know he had the sheisty on. So when he had the sheisty on and they showed him, you would've recognized him? I think so. They had this funny shit. A, a boy got in the car with his mother. The boy looked just like the dude. Oh yeah, I saw That He had the fucking green jacket on. His mother made him go change clothes. He looked just like the dude. I Saw that, I saw that. That was mad funny. The first dude they accused looked, looked like him. Yeah. But I mean like that's what happens whenever you know, the police let a, let a, you know, a sketch or whatever. Like a Is Not a reward. Get that. Yeah, exactly. People start calling in. I like, yo, I just saw that motherfucker on the belt, you know, on Third Street.


Exactly. Or like, you know, the fucking grand Concourse or whatever the fuck. You know what I mean? Is it true they're not gonna pay that girl the Money? Yes. They said they, they are gonna, they were not gonna pay her without the public outcry. They were not gonna pay her because she allegedly did not call the New York City tip hotline. She called the police. The police. She's in Altoona. Nigga. She don't know the tip hotline in New York. Word. Yeah. So she called 9 1 1 allegedly. And so now they're saying that they gotta bust the money three ways. The two people that recognize them plus her are gonna split the 50 grand. Oh. People In the McDonald's that saw 'em first nigga I called the fuck word. I don't know what y'all I the fuck y'all damn ponder nigga. I, no, I called so, and she can't work there no more.


Oh Shit. 'cause they saying like people recognize her Now. Not only that, they fucking sh like they destroyed the reviews of that McDonald's. Oh yo. It's 1.2 stars. They brew it for the nigga snitch. Yo, they call the niggas rats. Yo, they Nigga Burger King allegedly. I don't know if it's true. It could be Cock sauces. Burger King posted a thing and they said we don't snitch. I Think they did it. I think it's fake. I think it's fake. I don't think so. I ain't gonna lie. Like you the cock sauce Kings. No I'm not. No, I'm I know you think your shit. I saw that. I know you're from, I know your shit hang to your leg to your knees my nigga. But bro, what? Chill bro. What the fuck? Pause but chill. No, no you can't man. Some things are not plausible the way he act. Just don't say He ain gonna act like he hung like a horse nigga.


No, he acts like, oh, Antoine fuck is wrong with you. Well, whatever. Who else you think hang like a horse? Oh yeah, you no pause. Nobody. I ain't gonna lie. You don't act like this. I attitude it. My bad. You don't wanna hear that. I take that you, you should walk. Oh, you want somebody to pick you up? I can't pick you up. This is awkward anyways. Moving Right the fuck along. I truly believe that the Burger King sent out that tweet. No, they did send because whoever is behind the, they deleted It if they did. Yeah, But who whoever's behind the social media pages of Burger King and Wendy, they going and all that shit. They are hilarious. They are. They Trying, they be trying to be witty and up to whatever's going on. Sometimes. Mess a little bit though. Yeah, sometimes. Yeah.


Wendy's had a whole EP out About this. No, Before Hamburger Helper you, you wasn't on it. Oh Shit. Could have got that. You know what I mean? Yeah. Nigga haven't worked at Wendy's since he was 16. I never worked a job period, nigga. Oh, you never did? Never had a job. Zero jobs or? No. I had one job when I worked at the Fresh Air Fund. I worked at KB Toys for one Day. You worked at the war fire. I, I explained that Already here before. You know where they take the niggas like flip and let 'em go out. Experience You been niggas like flip Yo, stop that a a stop that man. I worked for the Ministry of Government Services when I was in Canada. You know what that reminded me of coming to America. Which you're like I was Jonah.


I was Jonah in my former life. No, but there's more to the story. Tell us. So the location that I worked at, I got my boyfriend at the time, a job in the records department. Basically he was big and strong and he just hauled boxes all day long. That was his job. Right. And so one day he says, Yoel guess what I found. I was like, what? And he was like, I found the police files that have like been, you know, cases closed and shit like that. Archived. Yeah, archived. And I was like, no fucking way. And he was like, yeah. And guess what? What? There's some homicide cases in there with crime scene photos.


Photos At the romance, the top. What were you fuck 18 photos. And so on my lunch hour he used to sneak me into the records department to look at dead people so that I can go through the boxes the police files. You Thank you. Just turned you on. Huh? IWI mean you gotta remember I had I up Let, I hope you didn't have sex in that room. No I did not. I ended up going to school for forensic psychology. I wanted to be a profiler. This was like You are. Yes I know You should be profiled. You Got it In my mind's eye. This was, this is what I was gonna Do was This shit. What happened when you have sex with dead bodies? That's necrophilia. Necrophilia. I'm not doing that. That's gross. I didn. I didn't say you did it.


I'm just saying like if you watching the pictures of homicides and you make it arou and Yeah you isn't it turned off. I didn't say it was an arousal. It was just S stuck you in. Isn't that necrophilia? No that That's just, that's worse than me looking at. Yeah That's nigga You know what I could look At for Al y what the The Pimple niggas. Oh, Dr. Pimple Popper. I don't like her but the Other people I watch that shit too. I Don't like that. I can watch that shit for Owl. I like Watching the lawnmower ones. Wait where they like them dude, the sidewalks and all that shit. I do Like that. I like seeing the finished product. I watched them clean the rugs. The rugs Is good too. I like that. I like Seeing things get smashed and then seeing how the Hydraulic shit. Yeah. Oh Shit. Shit. You like that right? Explosion.


Okay. So we all have our weird shit. Good Stuff. You sick. I want shit. No you really a pervert. Huh? You need to get help. I mean like cars, shit. It be regular shit. Instant oranges. It's a little It. It's so cute bro. I said like cars and shit. No this Listen be small shit. Let me explain. They take certain objects and there's a certain sensation you get depending on how it's destroyed. So yeah. And explos like sometimes you put the can there and it gets crushed. The can Shoots Up a certain way. These Holes All in the shit. It just smush it down Feels good. Right. E Yo you need a hug my nigga. I'm With you. Y'all wanna hug me and the one over here is a beating the meat to you watching niggas popping. Nigga. Nigga the dead niggas. This shit Is low on the scale. This shit popping the pimples.


Yes. Or we just watching Regular Crush as crazy. You crazy. Yo. Anybody watched the madness? I don dunno know why Whole shit kind of reminded, I watched Mad. This, I'm almost almost finished. I'm not finished yet. I'm almost finished. Okay, I'll wait for you. Shit It Is episode, It is fire. Mel went crazy in a group chat about lying this final episode. Yeah, I mean I figured we'd wait for Joe to talk about that because he loves the show as much. It was. You didn't like it? Hell No. That shit was ass. That shit was true. What did you about it? Nothing. I think that, I think, I think what I appreciated from the, I ain't really care for the whole second se season. Really it was just okay. Right. I thought at some point it was going to kick up. It was just too much bang. It was a little Disjointed. It Was too much. Bang, bang shoot up one.


Then number two, what I liked about lying his first season was the real anti-climatic shit. Like what's Shorty's name? Joe? No. Oh, Nicole. Nicole hit Kidman. Oh. Like Nicole Kidman's husband. He was spitting the crack. Yeah he was, he Used to be saying a whole bunch of shit that was going over nigga's head. He was saying the crack like yo follow the money. They had one Of those scenes That yo the devil, you know the devil they know it's better than the devil. They don't don't know. Like he was saying a whole bunch of she shit on how what she was doing tied into the government in a different way. You feel what I'm saying? Like Yeah, he barely was in this season. Yeah. Her husband was barely in in this season.


Yeah. And I just think they left it kind of at the end of last season. They kind of got their task accomplished in this season. They did, but they didn't. The other thing I'm kind of, the only thing I'm really having an issue with with this show is Taylor Sheridan's fucking Obsession with Lesbianism Mine too. Do you have a problem with it? Or you like No, he has Aion. You think I was in Obsession with too? Yeah. What? You're into It. You think he had attention First season? He's gonna match shows. Man, hold on. First season the lioness, her Mark is the daughter of the whatever the, the terrorist and they have a lesbian relationship. Fast forward to second season, here she is again.


And now she has a lesbian relationship. She can with the new Lions. You don't Share that sentiment When niggas is gay and that be Tyler Perry, Hold on a second. Hold on a a second. Like gay. So it's just like, so what this is like, it's almost like an insinuation that women that enter the military are lesbians. No. And not only that, not only wait, hold on. And not only that, the woman that's a get up. Hold on. Whoa. Mel, get up. Wait, I'm not finished. And I will. The other member of the of the team is gay of the extraction team. She was married to one of the guys on the team and now she's a lesbian. Got it. Ain't Work out. Does this not look like an Obsession with lesbianism and it's now gratuitous?


You watch Gay born? Oh Mel, Listen, I told tell Sheridan like seven or eight shows Gang bangers. Now that's true. He's done. He's responsible for seven or eight shows. Men Gang bang. You don't see any lesbianism in those other shows. Okay, but why does it take place? So Because you are talking about women that take on a highly, highly, highly, highly te testosterone feel job. You are in the the Military's that's gonna make me wanna fuck a girl. No, the women that take on killing motherfuckers for a living might have a little, You don't wanna sit on a dick. More masculinity. Okay.


Being Masculinity does not mean they don't wanna sit on a dick. They'd be kind of firing that shit. Yeah. It made me, I went back and watched High Town again. Say For that the women that they do have in the show. If I was, if I did go that way. So It's convincing you. So it's working. Yo, they're fucking hot. Mel, just take the stroll. You won't The stroll Take the stroll already. Shut up. This is completely not on the board freestyle. But did you guys hear about the girl the gang Bang girl? She's mentioned gang bangs and there was a girl that fucked a hundred dudes one day. Oh she, yeah she was and then she was crying because she didn't get to please them all.


Yeah. Or something all that nature. Yeah. Timeout. They made a whole documentary on you. Shout out to her Though. What you mean? Oh they all ain't buffs. Well she, her eyes were really red because she took so much nut in the face. Apparently That is Shout out to Her. Sounds like a you know Why, you know why we need women like her As Buka? Let's play guest the ethnicity. Ooh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Let's get her Word. That's funny. What do you think she was? White, British? White, white, white. Yeah. White. White. Not white. Hello? Fucking shade. Judy Darling White. But they made a whole like our documentary. It's actually kind of interesting to watch. Where's It at? What's on? It's on YouTube. Okay. It's on YouTube. You guys are nuts.


She's gonna do a thousand apparently next. Oh She's nuts. Oh God. Literally. Yeah. A thousand in one day. That's Her next goal. In A day She fucking hates herself. That's hate. Sure. Whatever. However you want. Whatever you wanna say she please. She's, That is fucking gross. She's Upset 'cause she didn't please all the men. That Is wild. Shout out to her. A woman that puts men first. Oh Shit. Oh Shit. The bear. She said Fuck that bear. Yo. She be a walking con. You just said two minutes ago. Your new thing is gang bang. Yep. But yeah, so He's the supreme gang banger. But it's like five. No, you wanna do a thousand A day one. So look, the ones that fuck five and seven respect themselves.


But the one that fuck 50 don't Respect themselves. Okay. Not Okay. Listen. What's the respect number? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's the respectable Number? It's not even about respect or not respect. It's about fucking physical tolerance. You a thousand going from a hundred to a thousand in a day. Don Don't herself. She don't love herself. Whatever you said. Is that what I said? Yes. Whatever. One of 'em. Didn't I Say something? She hates herself. You said she hates herself. Okay. There you go. So, so To hate yourself, you gotta do how many and then to love yourself. What's the number? How many kids, Like if you do 26, what's The Switch? Okay. Alright. That's a good question. I love, I have to re this 26. Hey, I just have to repeat this. Rethink your fantasy six. Fuck. Shut up bitch. Listen, we're gonna put a pin in this. Okay. I'll get back to it.


You, you, You know, she really stop. You know she's really sick. Right? Like I all to decide this woman, We know Melyssa Ford is a sick lady. I'm not sick. I am just Well You did in the last five minutes. Go from gang bang porn. Well no, from necrophilia to gang bang porn To lesbianism. To Lesbianism. Yeah. I had everybody's help in the room, so Fuck that. That's true. No you didn't. I Yes I did. It is just like hot Flashes. I started talking about blackhead. You start talking about Other heads, deadhead. Oh, you hot flash. Way Different. I'm not, I am not. And I never have had one. I don't Know what hot flashes Is. It's it, I'll tell you, you gotta listen To a podcast. Yep. Yeah. Got it. I I'll listen to it. Hot, Hot Bothered. Yes, exactly. Yeah. You said you, you did watch Jamie's special.


I did. And, and I loved it. You you really did not like it. We don't need, I said it wasn't funny, but I'm ask, I wanna hear your take though. Okay. I'm, I don't have to re rehash mine. It's out. So Jamie Fox, he walk his, he's introduced by his oldest daughter. He walks out on stage and you're right, he does immediately get very emotional. But the way that I saw, the way that I looked at this, I compared it to Martin Lawrence Run. Tell that, you know, after you so crazy. Everybody loved that comedy special. And then when Run Tell that came out, everybody was like, wait a minute. Because he was very introspective. 'cause he was talking about the health issues that he had gone through.


Jamie Fox literally almost fucking died. And I think that he just, and there was so much speculation as to what happened, what went wrong. And this is the first opportunity that he's had to tell this story. And he's a prolific storyteller, you know, that he, I just, I thought it was really wonderful. And then also it was very much, it was almost like a variety show. That would be how I would classify this. That's that's, it was very much like a variety show because then he brings out his youngest daughter who's an an incredible guitar player. They start singing together. It was so beautiful. And then you didn't laugh at the p piano montage at the end. No, that shit was hilarious.


What's the reviews On it, Mel? Because I know what, what are people saying? Critics Saying about this? I'm seeing an, I'm seeing a lot of support for it. Wow. Yeah. I'm seeing a lot of people. I'm seeing both sides though. I, I'm, I'm not gonna sit here and pretend like there aren't people complaining like, eh, I was expecting a bit more. But I agree. Like I came in and said that's what I got from it. Got it. As a, But yeah. But I think that that's a, a complaint that a lot of comedians have is they just feel like, nigga make me fucking laugh. And that's all I want from you. You know what I'm saying? Like, one of my closest friends, one of my close friends is like, and I don't mean that about you Ice. Like No, you mean that about ice? No, I don't. No, no. I Well you watching the comedy show, I wanna laugh.


Okay. At a comedy show. Yeah. Yeah. Stupid about Your friend. They, they did, they did change the title though. They, They did change away. They don't say comedy no more. Did that. And that was, I'm I'm not mad at that. I'm glad, I'm actually glad they did that. 'cause that was, it was to the point where I actually double checked while watching. I said this, I'm like, maybe I'm wrong. And if that's the case, cool. Now I, Nope, this says comedy. Their poster says comedy. Okay. So I'm not wrong. What it says something else. Tear Jerker. It had all the other shit you said. Okay. But it didn't say comedy show anymore and, and Correct. Great change. I'm not mad they heard you. Mm, I laughed. I found there, I found there to be very funny moments. Especially the piano montage at the end when he decide he was like no more white women and made a whole, you know, sermon outta that.


That shit was on the piano. On the piano. James. It was really, really funny. James, you, you lying Too. Well he said publicly. Oh yeah. That Little ass. My move Leave out. Jamie might Not white me with no more. Yeah. I'm gonna hit me some white skin. That's what he said. Well, yeah, But go ahead. Go ahead. I, I'm just listening. I didn't see But your face, It is like, you get like the little, like the Spiderman shit tingles or No, listen, I'm just enjoying. Okay. The commentary from you guys. He's doing great. Yeah, well that's, that was my take on it. I loved it. I am gonna Watch it. I really liked it. I'm gonna watch it. Yeah, yeah. I'm Not talking, I was too caught up in the madness shit though. That shit's fire. Fire Madness is good. Yo, That shit, It is weirdly eerie to eerily similar to Madness happened with the Yeah.


CEO Shooting shit. Yeah, yeah. Madness is dope. I didn and that's what I told somebody I was arguing the other day about the CEO shit. I'm like, yo, have you watched Madness? And they like, yeah. And I'm like, so what the fuck are we talking about for you? Okay. That's a show That is real life. Yeah. No, but outta these shows. Well yes, the show, it can imitate life, art, imitates life. Got it. So the same shit That is going on in Madness could potentially be going on in the other show For sure. Easily. Yeah. I had, I had a, I had a question to ask y'all. I saw something come across Line G Herbo was out the, the other night. But he was out with his baby moms. Which one of them? Both of them. Both of them. Oh, both. He was out with both. I was Like, give that man a clap.


Give the, and they looked like they was having a good time. How Nori Be saying more clap Nori be saying give that man a clap. Damn. And It is, It is. It's dope Because they, they've had like moments where in the past there was tension. So the fact that they got there, I, I wanted to ask y'all but that not everybody up there has kids but well Put that hand down. Could you do that? 'cause I know you have two, two separate baby moms. Would you be able to like be comfortable doing that Little Silas Sprinkle? He he tried to get, theoretically he tried to get in Theory, theory in theory getting back for starting that oven up in theory 4 25 matter of fact better?


No, theoretically I would definitely be fly with that theoretically. Yeah. I think that that's dope. I think that, I think it's just a maturity level of people. Like my nigga, like we don't have to be beefing if, especially if niggas say they moved on with their life and they genuine about moving on with their life, I think the emotional shit will subside. And I think I, again, I came up here and told the story. My ex from college dog, she had four parents and at all a functions like 4th of July, labor Day, Memorial Day, both couples would come, they'd be electrics sliding together in the backyard. Fire, fire. The mother could dance with the old, You know what I mean? With her pops ex. Yeah. Like, you know what I'm saying? All that shit is fly. Like I think nigga Joe's parents, Joe, mother and father are cool as fuck.


They be arguing and anything like, you know what I'm saying? I think that shit is super du Dope. Everyone, I just think that's fly, Fly as well. I just think that that shit dope. You know what I'm saying? Like I think, I think that that's fly. But for the jokey jokes get that man his pimp hand pimp card. Not just that I was watching them throw them shots back. I'm like, I see the play. He gonna throw something too. I seen the play. She with some ain't she with somebody? She with somebody Ice. Look at, come on, salute. Do you, Yo, hold on. There's a, there's a theory out there that if you have a baby mother, no matter you Can always pop, You can always pop. Do you believe in that? No, No, no, no.


Uhuh, I mean Hold Where we both at. Lemme ask Man, Hold where we at in life though. No, no. I hate what you, this every nigga Don, Don believe Every nigga could pop. I don't believe that. I don't, I don't believe that. But you think if You, you Do. I think if I had a baby by any woman, could I pop? No, that's not what we asking. Let's Just say y'all both single and y'all both share. Not even single nigga. Even if she have a man, nigga, you think you can still come in and lang that slang. That slang. Nah, Lenny Is lying. That nigga look down crazy. Nigga, Look at this nigga.


Yo, you a freak nigga too. You, you probably talk to her too. Nigga. Who you fuck baby daddy? Who the real nigga. Who the real daddy? This first Nigga crazy push out Nigga. It Is stupid. Shouldn't that nigga make a girl say during sex is crazy. You real? Yeah. It's the crazy shit. You said I'm I'm married so I That That's true jr. That's a crazy thing to say. Oh Shit, I forgot. Whoa Said JR right there. That's A crazy thing to say. Why you fucking Yo, you know yo niggas Let people say yo.


No, the story that when you sit with your meds and them the shit that they say. Yeah, that's true. Yo, when I was younger, Jay, my cousin joke Jay. No, My yo that's why I be, this is the thing. I'm not gonna hold you. And this is where men's brain was. No, Watch this. Hold on. Just get watch it. Because what happens is we get in the barbershop or we at the game and We talk to our niggas and your nigga come in like, yo, you know such and such girl. Man, I had that bitch hanging from the Shelia. She was doing monkey flips. You just be like, you go home and be looking at your girl. Like I'm telling You don't do no duck, yo. I'm gonna bust your Head dog. My man told me this is a true story. My man told me he's short too. He real short. The nigga said, yo, he was popping the chick.


So you know how you be standing up and short, he'd be on her knees on the bed. This nigga said, yo, Hold on. He took his foot right and just was stepping. That's Your move. Yo, Yo. Hold. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Yo, yo, yo, yo. I'm on the podcast. You're being recorded. Listen, when I was younger right? And I was having sex with a girl in the room. What did I have her say? 11 Yo Yo.


You tell, tell you told her he was gonna buy a car. You talking buy your Car. Yo also, it wasn't, you don't get that whack. You had to convince him with a car. You Had to convince her with a car. She would've said anybody Name had the puns having us say, nigga, nigga, Tell her I'm gonna buy you a car. Yeah, that I love you nigga. I gotta off the phone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now that you made me look bad, you, I was Congratulate You nigga. What? I was like, stay nigga. She said what? Yeah, I'm gonna buy you, you car said backwards. She would've said Mickey. Mike, you would've said No. Mickey, Mickey, Mike.


You think I'm fucking special? Mickey, What's wrong with this nigga? You think I'm fucking special? Well, yes, but I ain't gonna lie. I I was in a death chick before I told you. Write that down. I almost, yeah. Yo, I was into, I ain't You hit a what? I almost hit a deaf check joint. She was too fire. I don't give a fuck. I ain't gonna do it. I ain't gonna know. You hear the deaf twin? No, no, no, no. I was about to go. I had a good one. Yo. I wanna hear the noise. Where did your brain go that you wanted a girl was to shout out to other people While that's crazy because I was so, I, I was so engulfed in the streets at that time and just was trying to emulate the shit I was saying.


Make us say cocaine. Make us say your name. Yeah. Words. She said my name But yeah, she said stupid. What Y'all have any of y'all, y'all, any of y'all fuck with the ultimatum show? I ain't see it yet. I haven't seen this. Yeah, they got the third. Alright, but we'll talk about it. Get it. We you get a check. What's up? That's where couples go on there. Oh okay. Oh yeah, I haven't watched this One. The new season is out. Oh okay. Yeah. Oh, you told us about it last time. Is it good because the other shows have fallen off. They're like please watch This shit where they're in the little love is blind. Love is blind. Fuck that shit fell all the way. You watch Tum season three And that's where they, they pick new partners and All that. Yeah, you go there with your Yeah, one person will give the other person an ultimatum.


You know I've been, we've been together two years, three years, whatever. Wanna get married, I'm ready. You not. So what we do is go there, you break up, Get with someone New. You basically speed date, you pick your person. Y'all live together as married for three weeks and then you come back and live with your partner for three, three weeks. Six. Shit. Hey yo, You fuck can you fuck them fucking each other? And that nigga went, they gave her that black snake moan And she knew you had the, I promise you Watch the shit. Yo crazy. You in there with that little white hamster black. It is one. Yeah man, We talk. Y'all Got It.


One nigga went on straight. Bullshit Word. You went crazy. See On the walkin we said That's the one. You know what he here for? Wait, I gotta watch. Watch I'll watch. That is on Netflix. Yeah, it's on Netflix. Oh. All the season been good. All of them are good Seasons rights. Bullshit. Hilarious. I'm gonna watch Hilarious man. I'm sitting here just imagining I need to see that show with real niggas up there. You can't 'cause real, real niggas not going up there. They have to put a whole new network. Imagine Zeus gotta do Imagine Put a nigga like Imani in there nigga. And he got the nine under the bed. Yeah Imani talking about a gun.


I Gotta walk. That's what you talking please. You gotta take a walk. You walk, take walk. I'm talking about that gun. Don't it up. Don't Fuck it up. Take the walk. I don't even know. What do the Walk mean? Just check. It is my bad. It is my bad, my bad. Here we go. Go. Alright. Nigga said he can walk with his hands in his pants as down. Shit. I ain't gonna lie son. Like nigga nah, I be thinking like what if a nigga do This shit, nigga do this. I'm gonna kill The joint. Went in there.


Yeah. What? Huh? The joint went in There. The joint went in there and she and she's Joint. Whitney, I want my pimp. Listen the wild. I gonna have Colossal hands. Listen, The wild shit is dude took his chick there. He gave her the ultimatum. Oh he Knew what he was doing? No. No he didn't. No he didn't. He didn't. No he didn't. No he didn't. He no he did. That nigga left there with the bubble guts like I'm talking about another nigga took. Okay. And so who did she end Up with? And my man's that So a nigga shit, a nigga that put it down All falls down. Quick question. Can we guess what race that was? There you go. Don't go on and guess the ethnicity.


It worked. I don, I already said The nigga with the big dick is black. The don't say Now who's the ethnic? A good white Agent. Juanito went in there and got his chick Took. Oh I'm black. Y'all. I'm black. Y'all. I'm black y'all. I don't wanna ruin it. Oh my. Nah, I'm not said enough. You said enough? No. I gotta beat with the big dick niggas though. Pause Yo. Take the fucking, you gotta take a walk. They walking around. Nah, no don't talk and walk. Just walk. They're disrespectful. Take Your lap and hold your head in shame too.


While you doing now You can get your shit off. Pause. They, they disrespectful gang. Them nigga just be walking around shit tight. Shit Walking around sweats, leaning in. Shit. Look at jumping up and down. Don't look. I don't look. No you meat watching. I don't be meat watching. Nah but I'm just saying I have a problem with that shit bro. Like chill nigga. Like, like have some decor about yourself nigga. Why you got a problem if you ain't looking? I'm not. No because how would you know them? I'm gonna tell you. Yo. I tell You right now. Track one of J. No, no, no. Let keep, that's you. Let me keep it real. No track two, you know. No listen, I can tell you Blueprint two. I be with the, I got home. Don't Say blue don't say anything pretty in this Conversation. If you don't I Got it. Yo EI got the homegirls for the network and they, they say it like they be right there and shit like that.


They be hype. Oh flip. What up? Thank you for bringing me out here. Then some nigga walk around. Yeah they mad. They hold distracted. They mad Cool. I said down. They all distracted. They mad. What? I said nah they people that you wear they always mad. Cool. I know you walking around. Nah you try. Yeah. Yeah this is, This has about a really good podcast sleepers. I'm ready for a nap after that bullshit. What the fuck? What the Fuck? That could be a walk but Never mind. I'm gonna take a walk. You Nigga put you bed. You want to put you to bed? Sure you can walk to get lip. Okay you lip a little bit.


Okay. Alright man My bad. Hey Yo. Oh Shit. 5, 6 5. I be dunking on niggas Yo. It's alright. Alright. Sleepers nasty Man. Well if anybody, unless anybody has something near and dear to their hearts, I think we could get to sleepers here. We got some, you got some monsters on there? Nah, Nah, no. We just, you know was exchanging. Alright so cars for expression? No you showed me a book that he told me I should buy. He told me he would gimme a book too called Lafe Nikita, shit like that. He told you to get Oedipus nigga Edip mother used to watch that bullshit.


Lafe Nikita come on. She love that shit. Come on U usa. I remember Ice watch. That was good. Shit you right before Wrestling you watched Lafe Nikita too? No But when I turned to wrestling it was going off Wrestling. I You don't want me to play first G Bro, I'm going to Baton Rouge. This is Kevin Gates. KISS THE RING On the memory. I ain't Nature, I don't trust nobody. I'm behind the shell. I got my nigga tried to me went to the held up quickly but my legs crooked.


I stopped by footed the book before the fed took him money started slipping. Tink was acting different. Bad brown skin chicks kind of in my feelings. I'm in some monster beef everywhere. Riddled and bulls can't hustle on my street. Police stop some picked up on homicide and posted bail in 30 minutes. Self-esteem low. I can't be seen with dirty. I back up, I'm trying phone rang it up. I got some work real street nigga. I'm the landlord approaching me. You KISS THE RING, keep your hands off my little one holy shot with the tan top.


Lieutenant bumped the hip, the drop the bands off real street nigga. I'm the landlord approaching me. You KISS THE RING, keep your hands off my little one holy shot with the lieutenant drops off. We on. I just do it. Nike check. CEO. I write the check stalking all my on. You ain't like chick, I just shot the window Randall. Yeah you ain't liking that Precious Paul won't pathfinder all white. No 10 new Z 28. That's pressure. All right get in. Say you see me at the gym at McKinley.


Why you ain't get in 12 cocaine? My Benz collar shirt, my lens. Wait a sec, lemme call my ends give a shit. Who is not my friend? Come to think about it. On the real no matter what gotta stand on 10 lot of niggas say they gonna kill me and you know real nigga I'm the landlord approaching me. You KISS THE RING, keep your hands on my little one holy shot with the tan. The top lieutenant bumped the hip to drop the bands off. Real nigga I'm the landlord approaching me. You KISS THE RING, keep your hands on my little shot with the tan top. Lieutenant the hip to drop the bands off all Well.


And That is KISS THE RING Kevin Gates Good to see Gates back out here. Look, hope we got a project dropping soon or something. Let's get it. Shout out to Kevin Gates. I'm gonna to the Bronx. I'm gonna play some something off this Fat Joe album. This is Fat Joe and Tug of War Bad Man And that don't give a fuck like I'm the new Spike Lee. I'm the new Spike Lee. Win Forsell next to kicks all on the court.


CEC so closer. Calling plays with the coach in out of huddles. Next name me the muscle real that my 22 baby mother, baby slinging Similac. I was putting butter three holes in your head trying to ball out the gutter. Drop a pin then my in the strike came and nowledge in the opposite psych. My niggas keep spinning worse than deontay while the fights sensitive thugs you all need slugs. I wouldn't dap a nigga with a sanitized club.


I see you love and I wish you all a luck. I'm lawyered up and still scared to give a bitch a hug. The long arm push you over the edge sell got your name on it, draw it in bed and come home acting familiar when you press 'em now they civilians. I'm out of Jamaica with all the tings son. You with the scams, you pulling the Sean Kingston Pussy. I wanna do pussy talk movements will put gunshot through them when we eyes up the thing with the clip that Ben pull him up.


I gone shot then reload again. If you feel so have just step on the end pussy at the headline news at 10. I hate rats and fat. I'm from a place. If you're snitched and you're dead, man I wash strap just to protect them head. Good man. Run up on your copper and red. Not on more said the streets so cold. I don't give a fuck. Call me the knock pole AK strap to my back like a pole. Circle the block and the flats on my old, well God saw rearrange one curb barrel fly light burn on so fucking observe. Seal my word if you this terror squad, we put your fierce shirt Mozo.


Put your fierce in a fine answer. Massive and repeat 12 holes through your shirt. We on under your Fat Joe. Outside that what? That's Batman. Fat Joe and tug of war. Bring back the reggae feature man. I like it. I like it. What you guys Ish? I'm going to Young Lady's name is Amaria and the song is Finer Things Step by step. I can treat you better if you want to Get Free breath.


You take it to every make. You know I'm a if I have to go let's From Make sure you never had to go I'll, you know I can see my Let I do better than She could.


It's I'll give it Ish.


How long that song is I Can do it. Oh Shit it's still going. How many minutes is that Ish? It's like four minutes left. Like 60 minutes. No you don't really resonate with none. That ain't Nyla Blackman. That's Amaria Fighter thinks I Like it. Mel you just made a face. No it was in agreement with what he said. Oh Shit. Shit. She was in agreement with shitting on you. Oh man. Damn. That's preface it. Nyla is dope. Nila is dope. Yes. Super. Yes she is super Fire. Look the moons out already anyways. Mine is Mellina Tey. It's called Obsession. You got that Dirt off your finger.


Shut the fuck up. Oh Shit. Shut. Look at Y over there. She didn't though. She did. Okay. Boom. On a mission.


Got it. You right.


Shut up man. Holy That is Mellina Tey Obsession. Nah, that's one field. That's it right there. Molina feeling. I need to, I see her cocaine or something. Molina. That's Pelvis move right there. Right there. You mother. That's no, that's that. Yo. You get it right there. Start the stutter. The stutter punk. That's how she know you about the bus Molina. What you hear that shit niggas turn? No that's it Nigga. Nigga turn into radio when they get that Yo.


Oh Shit. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Sorry. Y'all like Oh Shit. Cheeky. Right. That's what happened. When niggas don know they race. Milkshake. Milkshake. Yo. My sleeper is you need some milkshake. Oh Shit. My sleeper is NIGHT OFF by Isaiah Falls and Sasha Keable body. I just wanna say Sasha Keable is one of my favorite artists of 2024. All fucking. Alright. Alright.


Testing, Testing you a baby. Take a slow, maybe take a slow Good things receive touching you fucking you breathing so happy.


Right into my air. Ain't no distance. Know that this body result that you need Ain't nothing. If I am You Maybe take a, That is a NIGHT OFF Isaiah Falls and Sasha Keable.


This song. Good. Them three right there Back to back might get it done put on. Right. Don't don't. All three of three of them don't need all. Wait we got, we got a Flip Sleeper. Yeah she pregnant. So this song I've been playing in my household for the past two days. This guy's a legend. He doesn't really get his credit but I'm happy to hear this song. Nice song. Coco T by Kess Trinidad. What's up? Make me feel Sweet Tea.


I barely could concentrate make my day.


You just make me feel sweet. Iced Cocoa Tea. Use the sugar Complete lead that fire alone. They tell me I Could never let you go Miss when outside is pouring.


It is. You just make me feel sweet. Tea, sugar, complete talent. That's my man. Cast the cast man. Mel, what's you on? Reggae Gold or Soaker Gold. So of gold. Yeah, like make sure you show your respect for the Soaker. Tap your feet a little harder. Get off text messages and Ish salute. E salute. Shout to Cast Man and Linky. Thank you for putting me onto this song. Dope. That was dope. Yeah. Finally Ice dance in some Caribbean music. I'm proud of you bro. Bro. That made me feel good. So that nigga Ice told me he was Jamaican.


I just found out he was Jamaican. I'm, I am half Jamaican. 10 plus years. Real quick, while we was on a sleepers break, Mel finally got the dirt off her hands and then she told us it was what? Self. Self tanner. What? Self tanner. He's not being cheap nigga. What? Tan. Go pay somebody. Okay, here's the reason why I don't go to the tanning spray. Tan places final Destination. No, no, but That is a don't have The white shades. No, that's not it. It's because I'm in the gym too much and I'll get streaky. So you could spray yourself and it don't streak. What is it, Windex?


That shit was a big, that shit was a big dirt patch. It's Just, it's just not, it. It's just not as expensive. So it doesn't cheap. You have the money man. Yeah, I know. I do. I just, I Don't how much it cost Melyssa for It. I don't know. I don't really go for spray tans. I like to go to a place with sun and get a real tan. Okay, so you would not do spray tans if somebody got spray tan. But the sun Won't give you. Okay, all right. The curl and I Burn. Man spot and flip. Gonna pay for it. Oh, enough Said. Well how much weight? Hold on. 'cause she's, she gonna, you pay for your sister to get No her. Me too. I pay for This shit. And check this out. Your si Pay for your Pay. Little shit. 50, $75. Give a tip.


You good? Yeah. You good? Nah, you gotta, how old would you have to fucking around? I get mail a a hundred dollars. She'll pay the 50. 50 other 50 and say she's bad. Keep the other 50 spray herself. Yeah. She'll, she'll spray herself. Yo. Why do women like tan so tan so much to Tan? It Look nice. It does look nice. It makes this skin look golden. Yeah it do. This girl right here, shut The fuck up. Get Off like Casper. I look like the light bright. Do. I'm aware. Ooh, Yo. Turn on great po day y'all Sir. End on the high. Yeah. Watch Classic show This shit gang Tuning in.


Thank you for tuning in. Hey, round applause for y'all please. Gangster. Hold up all nigga. You too cool to clap for the team nigga. That's your problem. You white, you white black niggas. You two cool to clap nigga. I ain't even, I don't even know what you talking about. I was, we Were getting ourselves round of applause. Oh, Round of applause. You know he Gets, he mesmerized when ho come on. Yeah, that's ho right there. You know what I mean? Yeah. You a whole vengeance bro. I, I just forgot this song for If Jay-Z, if JC or Itch come through to the, to the studio, come sit down, talk to me, talk some business. You will walk out This shit right now. Nigga. Jay called right now nigga. Mid pod. No, I gotta pee. He just walk This shit Bang. You want so of Girl Say Webb name.


That's weird. That mean You was thinking of webbing when you was humping Was weird. You know what, That was definitely weird. A listen man. Great, Great great episode man. What are you guys doing this weekend? I'm not going outside no more. I learned my lesson. They learned me. Got you. So I stayed inside. We're safe. I'm gonna movies. Any plans gonna Movies. Just see what it's for The kids. They wanna see Moana, Moana and Moana and Wicked. I might go see Wicked was All I might go. Really? Yeah. Not the way it's A musical so it's, I'm Going to sleep those two ladies acting crazy though. What's the name? Yo go to Wicked on Broadway. Yo, Ariana, Cynthia Arrivo.


What's, What's up with them bitches? They good. That's not a nice way to refer to them. What's up with those ladies? What do you mean with up with them? Uhoh. I like I know what you're saying though. I get crazy Now. I don't like them as a pair. That's Cynthia was. No. Are they? Wait, Cynthia Arriva, are They a couple? She's fired. No, who I'm saying. Okay. That's what I talking say bitch. I think, I think Cynthia Arriva was with Lena. Wait, with Lena. Wait, okay. I'm not, alright, let me take back the bitch's word. Yeah, what I'm saying is that they're acting strange in these interviews. Are they? Okay. It look like a little bit of, or Ariana has been saying that she's tired of that too. Like everybody keep pressing her about her parents about what she said this and this and that. I think she just kind of like, She don't give a fuck.


So Britney shit, she just Letting people know like I'm tired. Like, Okay. Any weekend plan ma'am. Work More type work. Pos more pods. Yeah. We're we're looking to do a YouTube live episode. Oh. So I'm going to the news studio and we're gonna test it out. Okay. Yeah. That's, that's the plan. That's Exciting. Yeah. Is the, is the new studio finished already? There's parts of my, my part of the studio is not, we're starting the build now, but there's other parts of the studio that have sets already done. Okay. Yeah. Let me guess. It costs cheaper to join somebody. Like Well no, it's just they have a whole Christmas set up.


Nice. Got it. Yeah. So it just kinda makes sense to be there. I seen You take a pic, look like you got everything good with Oh, we Didn't even get into you and your fucking, you're Google now. You lit. Yeah, we, We talk about see in Google. Yeah, But I seen a pic you posted look like you got New set everything. Improper improv studio set. Yeah. Yeah. Look good. And I'm on a Google ad. Yeah, No, you could definitely pay for that spray tan. Yeah, I paid for, I I paid for the spray. You my friend. Okay. See I called you last night. You just paid for a spray tan. Yeah, Mel was supposed to dance with me today and Mel left me out there to hang. Shout out to Imani her do boy that came and got him a dance. Don, Don say that. Don't ever take it back. I take It. Is That, is that insult? That is hell yeah. What does the boy mean nigga call a nigga goer.


Fluky. I thought a do boy means you do what somebody asked you to do. Yeah. Nigga. Nigga. Shit. Fuck say he's not a fluky nigga. Mother fuck Ford nigga so Money nigga. Fuck You talking about. All so do girl nigga Don't don't call her do girl. Oh as a she said well No, no. Yeah. All absolutely. I Yo shout to Ericson and Ericson in the back. Shout the pole. Shout the Parks. Imani Ish ice smell. Corey would, Joe would like to Joe. Joe please come back. Fuck And make sure that bold look good nigga. Fuck that.


Come back. Back After the first Joe we, you just, The baddies are insecure. The Sta Women want travel close mind. They want you to teach some things. Grab you a Tylenol, you may need it. Audio ar deci. There we go. K Che. That's not part of it. Arvo arvo long. I Ceta Lata so long. Goodbye. Yeah. Okay, Well speak up motherfucker. You got this. That nigga Looking that's why he got looking. Well you guys there it Joe's script is on Google. No, it Might be. It might be great.


We see y'all next time man. For sure. For sure. We outta Here News. Joe Biden.