
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Phones. Yeah. Parks. Do you Have a Black eye? I do. Right off the bat. Huh? We're gonna start ready. I'm matching. Let's get out the way. Listen, When white boys got a black eye, that just mean they had too much fun.


Oh Shit. You went to Fight Club. We gonna talk about Fight Club. That's the first rule. That's true. Okay, somebody put a club on y'all The sidewalk took a club on my As. That's might be a lawsuit coming to someone. So camera one, you know seriously though. I, Wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on. Sue. Gimme, gimme a little piece. So Me and REM called Ice in, in the missing piece and GIF was out with us. We had a good time. We're walking home, turned around the corner from a bodega. Someone said something. I'm trying to guide everyone back to the crib. They left a little sidewalk vaults up. Oh. And I took a spill over that shit. Landed face first in the fucking pavement.


Oh, that's Money. Shit, that's money. What state? What state was that? New York. New York. Oh that's mine. I got a guy. So you got A guy? Oh yeah. You gotta text me. Look. So we gonna cut the camera off. You could tell us what really happened. Nah, I swear. Turn the corner. You trying to guide everybody home. This said I got concussion because I don't remember anything After that. He don't, yo no bullshit Parks looked back talking to us and next thing you know it was, we was like, yo, he not drunk. Like Yeah, I wasn't lit like that. He Wasn't the shit that that go down to the Yeah. Yeah. You fell down the stairs? No, no, Thank God he just tripped over the door. Was there, was there cone There? No. No. Oh yeah, you, no. Oh, that's Brad. That's Brad. Yeah. Especially what happened to your neck and back? A I Sore it. My leg is fucked up. Serious. And Leg S Right leg is fucked up. Back injury. I was there bro. I got you parts.


Got back to the crib. No bullshit. Laid on the couch. That nigga started throwing up. He was like, yo, I might have a concussion. That's, I'm talking to him the next day. He was like, I don't remember none of that. I Don't remember nothing. He's like, I think I might've got to it. Definite concussion. Yeah. Oh Yeah. People down on the pavement, people You know. I know you don't see Joe. I'll you off camera, But yeah. Yeah, please. I know you don't see Joe here today. Joe was out on personal time. We actually told him to take a couple of pods off. We actually, we suspended Him. Suspend suspended him. Yeah. Let's tell the truth as a collective. We was tired. He Came late. He came late. We didn't like that shit. We was tired of this. He Came late and he disrespected. We was tired Of all the Yeah, he disrespected with the walkin late and just sat there like, nah man, you can, the rules apply to everybody. So we take two off. I know y'all niggas want me outta here.


But for the first time the, the team was actually with me. We put a nigga stay home, sit down and watch us tear This shit up. I know all the juicy news you wanna do. You got personal shit there. That good for you. All that PrizePicks and all that personal shit you wanna deal with and not include me. Yeah. Stay home and watch us turn This shit the fuck up. Joe is not here, but We are here. We are here to, We are here. Give you fun. Give fun. Sure. I'll try my best guys. I'll try my best. I might still be like Asian prostitute. Like a Asian prostitute. Give you fun. I be here to give you fun. Oh Shit. You know yo mom, you raised, you've been in America for a long time now, bro.


Can't you can't French fries. I I know, I know you wanna put your cape on because when you was watching, you felt that I was too hard on your sister Mel. But lemme tell you something. You are putting yourself in the target with me. Leave me alone. I'm minding my own business. I you talking about you every time. Asian prostitutes. I actually tried to go get a massage late at night on Thanksgiving day they turned me back around. Wait, you want Thanksgiving? They told you? No when they saw the camera. No hanky pinky? No, they saw the camera and I forgot that. No hanky Pinky. I have, I forgot that. No old side. Oh Shit. You said what you have? She said I have Standard. Oh Shit. Y'all squirrel man. No that's okay. That's okay. Let let, let him laugh.


We eat Jackie. We don't touch. You know what's crazy. Oh Shit. When? When the niggas in his crib lot and He ain not outside no more. He gotta do that. Yeah. Get shit. You know. You know, you know the Big M don't allow you to get your shit on you. I so get it off of here. Niggas the king would allow you anything else. Go ahead. I'm good. I put it away. Finish your story. Put it away your story nigga. Go to your fucking book club nigga. Go to your library. Add some books in the library. Anyway. I forgot that Eric Adams has shut a lot of that stuff down so they get nervous when they see the camera. You know I'm went in there with the camera. I nigga was expose. Yeah, look this, you know It is Got it is got a buddy.


Look you know he finally got a buddy. Yeah. My nigga. It is laughing with your buddy. Hey yo, dude, I play your upper friends is hurt. I don't even know what your other friends is hurt. Turn, say oh Queen. I what up? Be friends saying quit playing bitch. Get in my ear ring saying we can hit them all together. Sure It is only right. I'm in the bigger things, y'all niggas. Y'all know my style. You bling bling my shit. Bling my pinky ring. So say 50.


I'm sick. That's why these niggas is on my some. See I'm, man, I really don't care. Whatever they, Yes. Hey you nigga ain't real outside. See we got big hands. I'm around 50 up say I around like I gotta a s on my Chest.


Now that's a In the vessel on my chest trying not to say nothing. The DA might walk, play duck nigga down like this is, I'll cut your gum butt. You get money. I can't get nothing with it and fuck you. I'm Not the, I'm not the, I'm not the, I'm not the, I'm Not. I I all the time. Some chocolate time.


I smoke that good shit nigga I roll up. Then I tell them up. You ain't any money, you ain't smoking in my zo. 20 years. Lorenzo smoking a window a motherfucker. I holler nigga. Shit. This shit pause. Energy. Energy. I ain't gonna lie. Got energy here. We, we had to start, we had to start on a high note. Man had to represent for the, for the man.


You know what I'm saying? What episode is this? Parks? 7 83. I know you got a concussion then, but You seven. You got Bear with me today. You got Bear.


Welcome to the Joe Button podcast. This is episode 7 83. Sponsored by Powered by Fueled by P PrizePicks.


Okay, Get that. Get your shit off. You Got it Nigga. Sign that extension. Anything else nigga? I'm good. Anything else? No, Go ahead. Okay. S go to episode 7 83 of the Joe Biden podcast. I am one of your hosts. Queen Flip along with the other host. That's a Mike Flip right there. Yeah, that's a mike. We Mike to the right. You seen her everywhere nigga. Oh my God. Here we go. No, I'm not gonna go into that. Okay. I'm not going. Did I miss something? She's the only one that could go into Vims and pull this out.


Nigga. Jimmy. That's disrespectful. Oh Shit. Canada's fine. The big M four. Round four. That sounded a little judgmental. Sorry. No, you look amazing to, to her right. To her right. You got him.


You know who he is. You know what he's about. He was just at the battle with his brother standing there in the crowd. They pointed at him. He was front and center. I think you had a Crenshaw jersey on that was you, you had the big chain on or no? Yeah. So it was big chain. You know what I'm saying Mr. I get money but I don't wanna show I got money Mr. Yeah, right floor. My man freezing the building. Freeze. Mr. Leave you behind if you not on his time. Mr. Leave you behind if you not on his time Mr. A thousand doors. And I did some research and I saw a couple of them. Mr. HVAC system for all my tenants.


Nigga top notch. He got the piss bottles off the car. I just checked to the window. He Got it. The car I went to the window. I had to look, I looked to the snacks in there though. Yeah, he got the snacks in there. Nigga Wawa's Best Wawa's Kings round of applause for my man library. Big as. Yeah. Can't nobody pull them. Jays off with that hoodie. The professors of all professors, CNN, Fox, all them shit that he was a part of. Man. You know they miss him because he leaves a stain. That's Unremovable. He tried to walk in here. He tried to walk in here? No, he tried to walk in here today with a Morehouse tag to show off that he with the Morehouse.


He got the hoodie on. He's one of them. He got one of the biggest libraries in Philadelphia. I'm just lying and making This shit Morehouse next to more houses. You know what I mean? I see what you like that? I like that Morehouse next to more houses. I thought you was an engineer. I ain't a rapper. Are are you a doctor yet? Oh Shit. About 20 years. Yeah, 20 years. Shit. Shout to Doctor Mark Lamont. Thank you. Oh man. You know who this is. Mr. Light Bright Mr. Don't no boundaries. Wow, Mr. Don't respect work ethics.


No, no, no. There you go. So I, okay, I'm ready. Mr. That's a nice hoodie bro. That is. Hold on, lemme finish. Lemme finish. Get my man's intro, Mr. Steal your girl. I was gonna say that. Hmm. Mr. Steal your girl Mr. I get, I get up and dance any way I want to. You give her back though, Mr. No, he he'll. Kiss came more. I borrow your girl Mr. Kiss him in the mouth the first day. Huh? Mr. Hold their hands and play fingers and Twitter. His fingers, fingers with them and Dunking Donuts nigga Mr. Put them in front of the line and Dunking Donuts and then put them in the back of the line at the same time. Ronald Pul my man Emo Emanny e Major E best that nigga.


And you just, we just got Parks. Damn everybody, we got all that. We just got No, no, no, no. The best ette. I can't look at you the same because you got that black eye and I really think somebody popped. Hey man, I think I'm still beautiful bro. You, you, you are man. Thought. Oh, you put extra gel in this one black eye. Did we say this park nigga got did pod wives yesterday, right? We did. We did. And in my hand, I said, damn son. I'm like, did Paul, did Joe actually make Parks make rem punch Parks in the face? Did he actually expose Parks round of applause for the best engineer in the fucking world. You know who he is? You know what he's about? You know how he get yo, hold on. Can we stop that too? Round Pause you fat.


Stop doing that. Don't look over here. He call me a what? You said I didn't say nothing bro. Put me a cigarette in the uk. No, no. He said fat. Oh, oh, oh. Oh. That's shit. Hey y'all, y'all awfully, y'all awfully close together, huh? Smores. Y'all niggas. Look Mommy of the smores. Y'all niggas stop playing with me. Both of you niggas. We talk about what you mean. Y y'all wanna what? Y'all wanna play my tennis with each other? Huh? I just tell you what. Yeah. Too smart niggas together. Chill. Let me just have my shit round of applause for the best engineer in the fucking world. My nigga. Pickety Parks nigga. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, how was that? That was fucking amazing. Here, here. Do I do All that? I don't wanna introduce all them niggas.


And most of all you are here. You missed that part. Oh, She's Going for the coa. Yeah. You know what though? That prospect shit looking good. Huh? I don't like that shit. I don't like the type of time. Oh my gosh. Get over it. All right. Okay. Welcome though. How was, how was your, your week, weekend, your weekend? I Had a great time until I didn't, but y'all, Y'all go ahead. I had a good weekend. How was your weekend, mark? It was good. You know, I normally don't go outside, so, and I, I thought we were gonna do pods giving last week. Mm. So I told my wife we were going out, you know, so got a babysitter to all This shit. And then, oh, you can't waste that. Oh, I can't waste that. No, no, no. And, and so I, I, I went to the mall was coming back.


In fact, I bumped into the Cory in the mall. Then I was like up, up Atho Hills. Then I was like, short Hill, Short Hills. You right. You heard? Is that the good One? Yes. I don I just, You know what I mean? That's the one that's what Was all designer shit. All that shit. Yeah. Max Marin. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I moved about eight minutes from his house right there. Right there. My apartment complex is right there. Yeah. Yeah. The projects. Yeah. That's it. That's it. And so after it got canceled, 'cause Joe's on suspension, I had to figure out something else to do. So I decided to take my wife to the Usher concert B What, what, what, what? So we went No, no, I'm, I, I know better.


Okay. Okay. My man. So I was looking, I was looking for tickets and they had tickets up in the rafters. Of course. Can't do that. No, you can't do that. Nope. They had tickets. Front row. No, can't do that. Don't do that either. Then they had tickets like fifth Row and the fifth row tickets was basically the same price as the front row tickets. So if I had been a less smart man, I would've got the front row tickets. But I wasn't my wife. That close to Usher. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Front row. Front row. Tickets come with cherries. They, so, but first of all, this motherfucker's a genius. He killed it whole thing. But right in the middle he started singing. He pulled out them cherries and he said, I'm gonna take it to the back today. Oh. Oh, Shit. See Y confused. He does that all the time. Well, I didn know. Well, niggas don't know that he started working.


He first row, second row, he got right to I I I did, I did the, the full block. Like I am not like when we go to other shows, you hated on us. I, I, yes, yes. Yeah. Completely. Nigga. I'm completely confident that 99% of the shows I will leave home with my wife and come back with my wife. Usher. I'm not so confident. Protect your queen man. Us. I'm not so confident. The household nigga Usher. Usher would turn fuck with me. Usher turn to the other Usher, nigga. Yeah, but I'm not worried about her. Like sleep us. What I'm worried about, my whole thought the whole time was if my wife is on the Barclays Center on A TV screen, eating cherries at a usher, hand dip niggas on a pod is gonna fry me up. That's the cover, that's the cover of the next episode.


For sure. You would've been Turkey. Yeah, I would've came back. Yeah. I've been on suspension too. But you but you enjoyed it. I had a good time. Yo. She had a great job. How did she feel? She had a great time. She loved it. Usher's a man. That motherfuckers a genius. I, I'm a Usher fan, but I'm like a, a much bigger fan. After watching him perform, I had never seen him live before. It's A way different show. I keep, I told his show, his live show is, I, I get the comparisons to other people, but his live show is just different. Something else without all the other theatric shit. That stage man, like that stage manship shit. He got down Back, got Down. Amazing. How was your weekend? E Had a couple of flights taking care of personal business for to Go. You flew something in? No, no. You Flew out two something. Family. Yeah, I flew family.


So you paid, I mean your wife from early. It's my family. It's my, yeah. Yo, your wife from early. That's true. They become family quick. I'm tonight. Oh, well all of y'all like did you pay for their flights or they pay for their own flights? It's, it's my, my family member. Yes. I went to go get my family member and Wait, getting them from the airport and paying for their flights to different things. I can't really Family. Oh, okay. Got it. Okay. I'm just making sure because Oh yeah, no it was, it was business. Had to take care of some family bills. Got it. So nice. That was my weekend. Gotcha. Okay. Ish. How was your weekend? My brother, It was cool. I didn family shit. Family shit too. Yeah. Family shit. That's A lot. We all using today. I did. I went to, on my white shit, went to go cut the tree down.


We go. Wait, Hold on. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You went to go cut? It's a ritual. He says physically cut the tree down. Yeah. Yeah. Now He just bought that shit. He's got the salt and everything in the Trunk Style. Yo. What did you cut it with a like Caribbean style or you cut it with the ax or you cut it with the, what is Stuff? Caribbean Stuff. Machete Can't cut. Can't cut the Christmas tree with a machete. Money cheap as you get. You might cook You first. All my tree's expensive and Yes you can. He said you got a bonai tree with one little on, Said you got a Charlie Brown Christmas Bowl star sticking on that shit.


S That nigga's done. I Went with my family. They cut down the Christmas tree. Cut It yourself? Yeah. With a ax Saw. Saw Bow star Electric? Nah, eh, they give you a saw. They got a bunch of sauce hanging on the thing. You That's good work workout pick one up. Yeah. How long it took you? It ain't, it's easy. It ain't as hard as you think. Did they already start it for you? Oh okay. Like you just be walking. It's just fields and Fields. It's roads and rows and rows, trees. And once you spoke to your soul and was like, oh this is great, you just go and pick whatever one you wanna pick. And you cut that one. Y'all decorated already. Did you pick the first one or did you walk for a minute into the Woods? Nah, This shit 'cause white people different bro.


Yo, it's, It is, It is far out in bougie. It is Mendo New Jersey. So it's like Whitney Houston, all 'em lived out there. So usually You guys expensive Christmas, you Caught that. Right? You caught that right. Whitney Houston. Yo. Anyway, don't start your shit about talking about no money because I know I ain't get to You. Right. But yo Yeah, so no It is just literally trees as far as your eyes can see and you just go out there and pick out a tree. But evidently we was on CP 'cause we got there. That shit was packed. Track truck, you couldn't barely park out there. Mm. And then, you know, so we got there they, a lot of the good whites had already took the pick of the litter. They Had already taken the pick of the litter. But nah, it was run. You got, you got the skinny dried up, shit. Nah, you just got spend a little bit more to get a better tree.


Got it. Ain't Nothing for you. We spent like 2K spin Something. Did you get Douglas fur? You got some fancy shit Drop a little something on the tree. Hey nah, it's cheap nigga. Like 200, 300 for the, you know ain't, these Trees are expensive now. That's expensive bro. Cut your own tree. 300. Yeah. Doing all the work. 300. Y'all cutting that tree's an experience though. Like they got the train ride for the kids around the shit. Hot cocoa, all that. You know, shit, That's White shit Ish. He wants to give his family the shit that he didn't have as a kid. So it's important that he does all the shit to tra I'm with you on that shit. He wanted do the train. He wanted to do the cutting the tree. He didn't have that shit. The nigga in the tree that he was cutting, it was weed.


He made cookies For. So chopp, I got the purple head. I got the blacks and the green. That's what I like about you though. You're idiot. You go above and beyond all. I love that. Like you're a fucking idiot. And At your age you willing to experience This shit. I love that. Y'all supposed to have your trees Up already by now, right? Yeah, I'm supposed to get by this weekend. But yeah, Like typically the week after than Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving most people do it. Oh, okay. Yeah, man. How about your weekend girl? Oh, I didn't do much. I just worked out. He went to the gym for three days. I worked out a lot. Yes. Three Days. Three day gym.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well, Saturday and Sunday. And then Monday I went to go see my new studio space. How, How, how is that coming along Mel? Flex niggas man, It's going extraordinarily well. So I was meeting with the contractors about the set build and the whole nine, everything that you went through with your Studio. Don't watch me. I spent money. Are you spending or It is being, It is being gifted. No, it's not being gifted. That's hate. It is hate. It is hate. I Am hate. This is a fully self-funded project. Thank you very much. There we go. Girl. Go ahead. Exactly. You are every woman. I am. Every, yes. Yes. See New Hot and Bothered Out There is a new episode out. Yes. With my girlfriend Natasha.


Natasha. Ellie, it's really good. It's a part two. I Gotta catch up. Sorry. Yes you do. I'm behind. I'm Behind. Yeah, yeah, you do. I Gotta learn all about the menopause. You put a post up that this one's juicy before we get the freeze. I'm sorry, I don't know If that's appropriate in the menopause conversation, but I mean, you put, you put, You're hilarious. Sorry. Okay. There is a misnomer about that shit. Oh my Bad. But go ahead. No, before that you, you, you put a post up that hot and bothered you, you about to, you know, hot and bother is coming to an end. Like as far as the season. Oh yeah, yeah. The season. The first season. Yeah. Nice, nice. All right. So we, we, I need a break in between season one and season two so I can get the new set built. Nice. Yeah. That's the plan.


That's the only reason for the hiatus. Gotcha. Is I need to move outta the current studio, get into my new shit. That's right. So for niggas who thought it was over, why would Anybody fucking think that nigga Hate us? Hate It's over, Over. I mean, I'm not gonna lie, like starting a new podcast, It is really hard. Most podcasts don't make it past the 21st episode. True. Like it's not a fuck. It's facts. It is a fucking grind. So like, I made It to six and said enough of this. Oh yeah, you only did six, six or seven, something like that. I didn get This shit outta here. Yeah. It's, You quit my shit at after Five. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all wasn't paying either Freeze. How was freeze? How was your weekend freeze? Kind of similar to what Mark said.


Like we anticipated Pods giving and had babysitter and shit shut up. Set up. So I'm like, we ain't wasting this. We gotta do something. So we just went out and was Thoughts for a little bit. Bounced around, shout to my guy. Flea went to his party and and Parks hit me was like, yo, we running around in the story here. Come out. We went out there with them had, you know, hit the little hookah bar, You know what I mean? Hit Right. So we didn't And then you went to the battle? I didn't go to the battle. You wasn't there? No, that Said that. I was laughing. Oh. I thought I gotta have sworn I saw you. Where Were you? You didn't see me? I was busy. Okay, Baby. Free busy. Okay. You, you and your lady Had a, you a lot of man.


What was you doing? What you do? Yeah. What was your weekend Like? Was the weekend Family. Family shit. I was just with family. Just, just a weekend full of family. And that's, that's all that family's important. Spend Money. Money. It is every, it's everything. Spend some money. I did, my wife tried to get a new ca yo we doing some our house Restoration hardware. Yeah, I know. Huh? We doing some family stuff. Family. We hosting a family dinner. So she's buying mad shit and want to go to get these couches. Nigga mood, whole mood change. Right Don like that shit nigga start rubbing his neck, right? Yeah. Nigga get me stressed out man. I had to hit Ian up like, yo nigga, I need nigga, what's up man?


Like what we doing? We doing bonuses like advance, advance. I always, yo, I need bonus and advance nigga. Like, what the fuck? Like, nigga, we don't, don't put your cup away, dog. Oh Shit. Why? Please sir. Nigga, we don't have, I'm going bank. We, we not rich like you. I'm discount. We don't, we don't hide our cribs. We don't hide our cribs somewhere where Mr. Screws live and all that shit. We don't hide our cribs and shit like that. And we don't, we not Rich. You got gold still from the eighties nigga. We don't got that. We don't got that nigga. But welcome man. Welcome. It's good to see everybody, man. I'm happy to see everybody. Let's get to the show, man. We at What's up? What we doing? It's a lot. It's a lot. It's a lot going on.


What we doing man? Like I think, I think we should get it out the way. Mr. Mark. What's up Mark? What do you wanna take us today? Get out the way man. You know, you know what It is. Hold. We gotta talk about hold first. Right? Exactly. Okay. They gonna think we pussy if we don't Right straight get to hold, we gotta get right to it And we can do it. 'cause Joe ain't here. So, you know, He ain't gotta go ahead and take no backlash. Anything we say, What's y Okay, hold on. Let's let, let's skip the backstory. We have to introduce the topic. Yes. This is usually where Mel shine. Yeah, Mel got us. That Is it. Boy. Okay, so I'm looking, I just wanna read the, the letter that Roc Nation responded to. Let's start With the first. Let's start with the first. Mel. What's that? Jay? Jay. Jay-Z is girl. You sure you stopped the contract?


Oh Shit, come on. What? Whoops. So Jay-Z was, was, was, was part of a, made part of a civil suit where he was alleged to have Participated in a, against a 13-year-old. A 13-year-old girl. Initially it was filed in our, a couple of months ago without him on it. They made an addendum to the civil complaint and made it so that it wasn't just Diddy whose name was on there, but now Jay-Z's name is on there within two hours. Jay-Z responded to this allegation with what Mel's about to read. Yes. These, this was very fine print. Okay. I'm just letting y'all know. Get the readers. Let's, I know what I'm getting you for Christmas. Getting you the real shits. Alright. My lawyer received a blackmail attempt called a demand letter from a lawyer, quote unquote named Tony Busby.


We, what he had calculated was the nature of these allegations and the public scrutiny that would make me want to settle. No sir. It had the opposite effect. It made me want to expose you for the fraud that you are in a very public fashion. So no, I will not give you one red penny. This shit was fire. This letter was like he was Tight. Now you could feel the anger in the text. You can for sure. Yeah. Okay. According to my sources, he did this himself on his iPhone. Oh no. I believe You can hear this and tell this was him. Yeah. Okay. These allegations are so heinous in nature that I implore you to file a criminal complaint, not a civil one. Whomever would commit such a crime against a minor should be locked away. Would you not agree these alleged victims would deserve real justice if that were the case?


This lawyer who I have done a bit of research on, seems to have a pattern of these types of theatrics. I have no idea. I have no idea how you have come to be such a deplorable human, Mr. Busby. But I promise you I've seen your kind many times over. I'm more than prepared to deal with your type you claim to be a Marine. Marines are known for their valor. You have neither honor nor dignity. My only heartbreak is for my family. My wife and I will have to sit our children down. One of whom is the age where her friends are surely to have seen the press and ask questions about the nature of these claims and explain the cruelty and greed of people. I mourn yet another loss of innocence. Children should not have to endure such at such at their age, at their young age.


It is unfair to have to try to understand inexplicable degrees of malice meant to destroy families and human spirit. My heart and support goes out to the true victims in the world who have to watch how their life story is dressed in costume for profitability by this ambulance chaser in a cheap suit bars. You have made a terrible error in judgment thinking that all celebrities are the same. I am not from your world. I'm a young man who made it outta the projects of Brooklyn. We don't play these types of games. We have very strict codes of honor. We protect children. You seem to exploit people for personal gain. Only your network of conspiracy theories, fake physics will believe the idiotic claims that you have levied against me.


If not for the seriousness, surrounding harm to kids would be laughable. Wow. And then, then they deleted that version. Yeah, they took that down. Then posted another version where he added one more sentence that said, you're about to find out just how different I am. Yeah. So the reason he was so mad was not just because the civil case was made, but be before the, before his name was added, they came to him and basically said basically, if you pay us, Then we'll shut the fuck out. We on, we won't say nothing. Yes, of course. And your name won't get added. That's, and that's when the lawyer stood up and said, I'm not gonna be intimidated by Jay-Z. I'm a Marine, I'm tough. And that's where all that stuff came out. So I'm, I don't know who's innocent. I don't know who's guilty, but Jay-Z's response seems like the response to somebody who doesn't wanna be black man.


Well, well remember he's, when, when the, the man first went to them, they sued the lawyer. Right. They initially sued him like, yo, listen, we not playing them games. Y'all are trying this, we're suing you right off the rip. And then the lawyer tried to respond and say, that was an attempt to silence him or get it, get the media to, you know, play media games and all of that. How do we feel though? Let's be, do we feel that Jay-Z is, is is guilty? Do we feel like Jay-Z participated in this act? I'm in 2000. 2000. I'll Tell you With Diddy, do we feel that? I kept hearing, you know, with the Diddy thing, when that first came out, I was one, I jumped right out. I believed everything that Cassie said. It was about the victim in that instance, in this case.


And, and a lot of the stories we heard about Puff throughout the years, this kind of tracked a little bit. You know what I mean? Yeah. With hov a I haven't heard these stories about him like that. Not saying they're not true. I'm just saying I haven't heard 'em. BI don't know who the victim is. That's important to me. And he wants to make the name public. Right? Like what the ca with the puff situation. When the news first broke, it was Cassie suing Puff. Understood. It was very easy to believe her because we knew her to have been around him. We've heard some of the things that she went through. I don't know who this victim is. This could be made up for all I know. So yeah. I'm not just jumping out the window just believing, Hey, I said this happened. I don't, I don't. Okay. I need more. So in the part where he says, if this is in fact true, why not file a criminal complaint?


So I just had a question about the statute of limitations, the statute. Have they been extended because Yeah. In New York In particular New York have, yeah. Okay. Alright. So then he's right. Yeah. Why was this not a criminal complaint filed? If you, if you were done. So, so the alleged charge is that he and Puff engaged in Sexual acts sexual Act with a 13-year-old. 13 year. So the, the, the, the details surrounding that were allegedly they left the Grammys and were going to BMA bmas some awards. Pardon? Yeah. And we're going to the after party for the awards. My thing is, and this is where I lose focus sometimes.


I'm not having my daughter in a car with two gentlemen or any gentleman without myself or my daughter's mom present. That's one. Number two, if you're 13 years old, why are you going to the after parties of the VMAs Parents? I Mean, the VMAs are over at 10, 11 o'clock. If you're 13, why are you going to the VMAs with people without parental supervision? That's some of that stuff is, I struggle with that though. That's a big but that's a big, that's a bigger door that nobody really wants to walk through because I, I, I agree with Ish in a way. But kids sneak out. You know what I mean? Same thing with, same thing with with with, with a lot of situations where it involves children or parents allowing their children to be around these adults, Serving them up on a platter. Who The plat platter.


And no one is holding the family accountable on the parents. Hey, lemme just hold on, Hold on. I don't like this. I don't like this because Hold on on, hold On. Go ahead. Let me just say I don't like this. I understand what you're saying, but as someone who was 13, 14, I was outside at 11 o'clock at night at some time to my parents and my parents might have not known. So I don't wanna throw that out. Yo, You're talking about going to a VMA after party That is studded with celebrities and you being a 13-year-old female girl getting admission into that spot. So, well, and supposedly she went with them. Allegedly. Okay. So, so It is, It is a couple things that I think are important. Right?


One Tam Mel's question, I think, yeah. A a criminal proceeding is important, but there are legitimate reasons why people file civil complaints. Even if they, I know you're not saying not. Yeah, totally understand Butand. I I don't want people to assume that just because somebody files a civil complaint that It is a money grab and they weren't victims. No, no, no. But the, but the reality is the majority, like almost the entire reason why people file civil complaints is because the statute of limitations expires. And That is their only recourse. That's Real. But with sexual assault, a lot of times people also don't, There's another reason too, It's not, they, they can't get justice obviously. Yeah. People a lot of times feel like the person's not gonna get prosecuted. I'm not gonna get any kind of justice and it's, and I can hold them more accountable. Like Diddy's was held more accountable from this civil thing than anything that had happened to him before.


Reputationally, all these other things. So there, there are reasons why people do it. And then to the second point, I mean, I agree as far as parenting, I would never let my 13-year-old girl go to the VMAs with, with Diddy. Right. With any Man with, we gonna take that off. That can't take Diddy off Right. With anybody. Take Them. I, I'm let, I'm not letting my child, my 13-year-old daughter go to the VMAs with Patty LaBelle and Aretha Franklin without me or my daughter's mom. Be present. You don't have To let, you Don't have to let, you don't have to let do Though. That's the, that's the thing we missing. And I'm not saying this to like give credence to anything that's 'cause I don't believe any of little bit of the lawsuit. But just from knowing other people's situation, just from being a younger child, I remember kids around my age not being let out, but they might sneak make up stories to sneak out.


I remember, I remember my mom, I remember my mom used to let me go from the Bronx to my cousin's house in Queens and stay for the weekend on my own take, take the Q 44, go over there, boom, boom, hang out. What I did over there, she Was unbeknowns to her was Always not known to her. Understand. So this possibilities of where you might be telling your parents you somewhere and not be there. My, my cousin used to tell his moms that he was coming to our house and would tell me and my brother, yo, if my mother call, I'm there. Right. And never showed up. We don't know his mother. Never know where. But even, but even keep in context, let's keep you're talking about a VMA after party. That's what fam you're not wearing your sweatpants and your sneakers that you walked out your house with onto the VMA after party.


Teenagers, Tina, teenagers, they switch clothes, Shit. Borrow clothes from a Whole I agree with Ish. I mean I think it's unlikely that you make it to the Grammys without your parents knowing. But, but to me there's another piece of this, which is how the music industry works with y'all. That's, I'm saying that's, that's what I'm about to say. I was about to say that. It is a deeper, it's a deeper picture. Right. Play. Like how did they come into contact with each other. But initially like, But yeah. Is it the fact, was she an aspiring artist? Is that how they actually made each other's acquaintance? Because look, from What I read, it was alleged that she kinda waited out trying to get into some shit and the limo driver spotted her, said stay there and then said stay here. No, you could come with us to the after party or something like that. And then on top of that you got, Allegedly, according to that, has anybody ever seen Jay-Z outside?


Like let's be clear, we all are industry. Yeah. Even if we not industry, we affiliated. Yes. Yes. We two, three degrees of separation. Yeah. You not just walking up to Jay-Z my nigga them niggas is the size of mountains that be around Jay-Z. You ain't hear what he said though? That's the limo driver had saw a third, well this Was 2000, I was gonna say this is 2000. No, no, no. 2000 In 2000. Jay-Z was still walking around a little bit. You know what I'm saying? He was, he was like, he was like, I was working, he Was walking around with, with Ty and them. Yeah. So remember that clip that was going around talking about the time, you know, chaos. And I remember, yes. You know, September 11th and Jay-Z's album and stuff like that, that club he used to come to and like, he would be there early and like he would be in my section.


We'd just sit there and chat and stuff like that. 'cause he really didn't drink. He was just buying shit for all of his friends and stuff. But the point is, is that he was not walking around the way that he walks around now. He Wasn't presidential. Yeah. Like when He Yeah, because I mean, this was 2000, 2001, 2002 Got Hard knock life sold 5 million albums in 1998. Mm. Right. So we are still talking about a successful businessman. Not saying that this man or successful businessman can't do this. What I'm saying is his accessibility and the level of his accessibility, It is not just, so Joe Schmo could just be like, yo, come here. That's not happening fan. And I walked up to ho and got a autograph in 2000.


Personally. Yeah. A a lot of people, A lot of at At the next game, Even oh five, even oh five niggas woke up to Jay-Z and, and my nigga knowing them. I think we talking about mute point. Wait, here's the thing to me, there's, there's a big point here about the music industry, which is when you got, okay, I'm sorry. Here's the thing. What I'm saying is that it makes you look at it a little bit deeper. Meaning that if you at the door or at the VMAs after party and you are allowing two men to walk in with a 13-year-old or a girl that looks young, then it's, It is a way bigger picture that that's leading on. That's how I feel. Right. This is not what what is she ask, This industry is full of enablers and I Can, we just have a honest moment about this industry.


Just honestly, anything that they want to happen can happen however they need it to happen. I'm not saying it's happening in these manners. I'm not saying it's happening like exactly like that. I'm just saying this situa and it's, and Jay spoke to it in his statement. This is fucked up because there's really things that are happening to kids like this. Yeah. We've Heard many stories. If you speak to almost anybody in Hollywood, the CO's and all of them, they'll tell you that we were young kids and we were being snuck into stuff. We, we were being given drinks. We, so this is not like fat like in fathomable. But I think what Jay is saying is like, this is what's so fucked up about is that you use real life situations that actually happened into this industry and try to attach me to it.


And I'm the furthest thing from that. And now I don't want to even fight the point of, well shit like this don't happen. Or who the hell has they 13-year-old child out? No, they be 13 out year old child out. It's just don't attach my name to It. And even if I'm a fucked up parent and I sent my kid there or was irresponsible, they still shouldn't get sexually assaulted. Right. True. And and and and part of the problem with the music industry is a lot of times when you have young kids and, and again lemme be clear, I don't believe this accusation against Jay-Z I actually don't believe it. I think Jay-Z probably, I think Jay-Z didn't do this. That's just my opinion. Same. I'm going by the, the circumstantial evidence and my gut, I just don't believe it. But in general, there are teenagers who want to be stars and parents get sold a bill of goods. Yo, we gonna make your kid a big star.


We're gonna make 'em rich, we gonna make 'em famous. I got your kid. I'm in charge. And a lot of these parents put good have in good faith give their kids to these people. True. True. And that's how they end up at these award shows. That's how they end up staying at people's houses for six months. That's how they end up getting guardianship. And that's how people's kids get molested and hurt and exploited. Agree. And I'm just saying part of It is this whole industry encourages parents to give them their children. And as parents we gotta be like, fuck no. I have a question for you. What would be the reason that this lawyer or this victim attached Jay-Z's name to this? He's a shakedown. It would be a shakedown if that's what's happening. Black. It would be a shakedown black man. Very simple. If somebody called You right now flip Yes. You as flip and said, yo, I I heard you did some. I got some wild shit on you.


I'm about to put it on the shade room. You gimme a hundred dollars, I won't do it. You probably a hundred dollars is a low enough money, amount of money for you that you just would give a hundred dollars. So you ain't gotta deal with the accusation. Understand Mark, can we speak to the fact that I think a lot of these lawyers now, they just as savvy as the information and stuff that's being spread online and on YouTube and all the other shit that they'll just like when this, the puff shit first started coming out, you had these little think pieces of people trying to now attach Jay to it. Oh that's his friend. But yeah. And I think they be like, oh you know what that does? No, I get that. That does make a little sense. I could kind of tie that in. I think that's what That is. Okay. And then to, and then to the artist, to most people or a lot of the celebrities, I say not most. What happens is you wait, alright, is it worth me fighting this or if I just pay it and make it go away?


Yeah. Like true or not, what am I at risk at? 'cause now I've seen people on the online tagging the NFL. Yeah. Yo, y'all need to severe your business deals with him. Mm. If if you're Jay-Z you might be like, yo, I don't need this headache right now and this is what the Lord I'm talking about. I don't believe none of This shit either. But this is what the lawyer is thinking. Hey, he got too much going on. Where if this come across his desk, he just gonna sign off in let's just get rid of it. Sign an NDA. It never happened and we just came up on some money. Yeah. The hope is that he's gonna settle to avoid even just the circus of, you know, the court of public opinion. Public scrutiny. Yeah. But The problem with That is if you do that and the information somehow comes out at some point now you look guilty. You pay, which is an admission of guilt to in some people's lives.


Correct. Yeah. Do you think That the N NFL tries to ize with Jay? No. No, no. No. I think, I think anybody with a brain kind of can see a little bit through this or maybe just don't believe it. I, let's, Let's, hold on. Let's just be fair. Yeah. That's our opinion. That's My opinion. Just Mine. But we don't know for sure nothing. Correct. I don't put nothing past nobody, don't get me wrong. His character and the things that he has shown us thus far, I would want to believe in that. But I've been disappointed by other people. Ooh. In the past. So I'm prepared for even with the, with the words that he said, it's, he's a clever man, so don't get me wrong.


If he wanted to lie, make it sound good. He know how to could do it. I thought you, I'm not saying I believed that. I'm just saying I wanna leave enough room for if at some point facts, one of my heroes disappoint me. I'm not now looking like, And that's why I'm basically else information I got so far. Or you know what else the lawyer could look at It is, you probably didn't do this, but you got something. And usually once the flood gates open, the rest of them come. So whatever you do got back there, you might wanna settle this just to keep it from going out. Yeah. 'cause when you said earlier, Be something, it could be something just as simple as that. When, When you said earlier about, you know, with the Diddy shit. Yeah. There's been questionable things. You said, yo, with Jay, I didn't, I I disagree there. To me, there are some things that if I wanted to pick at and question past wise I could, that would just be me picking for straws.


But we've heard, we've heard stories about, you know, foxy shit and the questions about, but she's just, just, but she's just, but all right. Now if I take that example with someone like a Michael, Michael was accused by something, someone said at a certain point he never did nothing. And then years later came back and said, well actually that was a lie. I was just saying that. And he actually did. I'm just, I, I get it. I, it hates for me to have to try to see things on both sides just because I don't want to lean on the possibility that none of This shit could be too. Because, because It is hero worship too. At some point It is like, I don't wanna believe that, that my favorite singer, rapper, athlete, whatever, did something. I'm more inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt. In this case.


I think the evidence isn't really there. But in general, like we, I, 'cause I don't wanna stop listening to certain album. I don't wanna stop watching a certain game. I ain't watch the football game in, I didn't watch the Eagles winning the Super Bowl. 'cause I'm like, I I don't watch the NFL anymore after Colin Kaepernick. It is like, if I stand on the principal, I don't wanna rock with it no more. I don't, I don't need nobody else. 'cause when I read that lawsuit, it had two, it Diddy didn't mention Jay-Z eventually, but it also said an unnamed R woman, woman r and b singer. I don't know who It is. I don't wanna speculate. But I was sitting there like, please don't let it be nobody that you don don't let it be the person in my head. But also please don't let it be nobody that I love. 'cause I I can't go without them three, four albums. You know what I'm saying? So I'm, I'm, I'm like, 'cause 'cause we want to, I think I know. Yeah. I hope it's not. Yeah.


I hope it's Not. Well he says that he wants the person to come forward. So at the time they were 13 now they're, you know, probably they're in their thirties. Yeah. So do you think I'm 37, Almost 40? Do you think that that's like a legitimate ask? I I do. I mean, of course It is. Jane, Jane Doe laws are, are for a reason. It's the shield people from, from power dynamics, from power, from from harassment. They're legitimate. There's a reason why people have, So wouldn't this classify exactly as that power dynamics and you Know, maybe, maybe but at 37 at least you have an argument. Whereas if she was 13, I'd say say no, keep that child's name out. Yeah, of course. Of course. At 37, I mean, there's a conversation to be had. 'cause I, I can't investigate, I can't find any counter evidence.


I can't do anything to defend myself if I don't know who I'm fighting against. Sure. Right. That's the hard part. It has, it has to be fair for everybody. So in my opinion that that just solidifies the money grab for me. Mm. That solidifies a money grab. If you did something to me and I want to look in the eye of my accuser and say, yo, y'all remember when I was blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Y'all did that shit. Mm. That's, that's my stance. Y'all did that shit. Y'all remember me? Yeah. I'm back especially did that shit. Especially today, fam I'm not in the climate we in now. I'm not beat this would be, you know what I'm saying? Like a couple years ago, I get it. But the way shit is moving today, it's almost like you damn near protected. Not being ashamed As you Well yeah.


But yeah, As the, as the accused. 100%. If you're accused of that, I'm on the same time. Who are you? Let's, let's, if I'm, I deserve to face my deserve that For the accuser. I still want, I want you to see Me for the accuser who might not want deal with the public scrutiny of now everyone knowing your name now victim and the victim blaming. Yep. I'm just saying that's a side of it. If it's a real accuser, they might choose to go that route because they don't want to deal with the backlash then now comes with convicting or or accusing someone's hero That, that, that could be a, a natural stance that people Take. I mean if I, if I, if I'm a victim of Diddy and I've, y'all telling me he's blowing up people's cars and putting hits on people, these are all allegations. I I'm not saying that you or not. I'm just saying if I heard all that, I might not want you know, my name for sure.


Yeah. You, you know, the, you know, the sad part about It is that a lot of, if if, if they're lying, it takes away from the real victims that's going through things. Of course it does. That's what I hate. Of course it does. I mean, sa I mean a lot of things that were tolerated back in the days are no longer tolerated. And this is, I'm not co-signing it, but there were things that you were able to get away with back in the days that you're no longer able to get, get away with now. And it, it doesn't take away from the fact that it was wrong back then. What I'm saying is that there are real victims out here going through real things and that are scared to talk and can't talk because of intimidation. And then we have situations like this where they use their essay or, or all these negative things that are done to women and children to put on somebody that may have nothing to do with it.


And what does, what does that say? Right. What, what do you, what are you, what are you telling the people and what are you telling the victims? Now if, if we find out that it's a lie on Jay-Z, what about the other people that has been scared to come forward? It creates the boy that cried wolf effect. Exactly. Yeah. To where this person was lying. This person is lying, this person is lying. So the person That is telling the truth now gets taken with a grain of salt because it does Look such a disservice. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So, and that, that's, that's my, that, that's my problem with, it's a lot, you know, we, we know a lot of people is and, and Mark and you know, we know a lot of women that experience things that don't talk about it, and they're afraid to talk about it. And we know that time and time again, we know that, like we know and they don't talk about it. And, and this doesn't, what does, this doesn't do them any justice.


Because what happens is now if they find out that this person is lying and there was, It is a money grab, all it does is put the system on and put the people on public perception. Now we not gonna no longer believe Anyone. Can I mention too, my biggest problem, and, and, well not my biggest problem, but one of the problems I really have with a lot of this is when I hear about these kids going through these things and their parents not, like in the situation, in the lawsuit, the, the young lady said that her dad came and picked her up and like knew, like, came and picked her up at, from a gas station or something. She remember the gas station in passed made it back to The gas station. Yo. As a father, as a father, as a, as anybody. I couldn't bear to know that. A kid just went through some shit like that and then we just going back home.


And Did she tell her, did she state she's told her father at the gas station when it picked her up? Or did she hold onto It? I I, I'm, I'm gonna stand corrected, but I do believe she did say that within the lawsuit that he, that he knew and he just decided to take her back home. Wow. I But even, even Even, let's just say even in the situation of a, of a r Kelly, right? Something happened with him and someone that, that passed and J just to be honored, Budha her name, I'm not gonna say, but people know who we speaking about. When it was found out by the parents, they decided, you know what, we gonna handle this in a more calm suit.


Discreet, yo, that's not me. Fuck your music career. Fuck the money we going to get from this. Fuck what this nigga needs to be held accountable. Because if you stop it at that point, we probably don't even get to this point of all the other people who are fucked up and affected by it. So as parents, like at what point do you just decide, yo fuck materialistic shit, fuck a name. Yo, I need to honor my child's innocence and hold them down. Even in moments, a Lot of times, a lot of times a parent will look at the grand scheme of the entire thing and say she's already been put through enough and I don't wanna put her through, you know, the trauma of a trial accusing somebody who is, you know, regarded as this huge entity.


Because first of all, when it comes to, you know, sexual assault and rape cases, like what 2% of them actually are prosecutable and again, there's, and receive a conviction. The rest of them, the rest of them like literally are acquitted or don't even make it past the accusations. If, if, if I, if, if I had to go through that and I had to watch my parent make that decision for me, for me, I'm gonna grow up and I'm gonna look at my parent different, hey, This could have been a conversation that they had together. Unfortunately since The beginning of time parents been selling their kids Off. But that's the other part of it because when you look at all those r Kelly stories, so many of the parents, it's one thing if you, if if if like, I don't know, 12 plays out and you and you having him take care of your kid, but chocolate factory come out and you still like saying r Kelly can mentor my kid, you know, what's going on.


You know what I mean? And that's what was happening. Like they, 'cause they want their have their own goals. They often have their agendas own agenda. Yes. You know, they weren't confused about that. So that's why, you know, I, I struggle with it. I mean, I don't, it's hard for me to have empathy for a parent that's giving their kid to, to the system at all. In that way It is. It just, IIII can't, I can't defend it. Shit. Sad man. The Grandest scheme would be protecting your child no matter what. I Hope, which goes back, I, to my point that my kids can't be outside with nobody. For sure. At the end of the day, that's it. Boy girl. Like I'm not allowing my kids to be outside with you. No, with with somebody that I love and respect. Again, it could be a woman. I'm not letting my my daughter just go with another woman without some parental supervision.


Yeah. But when it comes to some of these parents, like some of them can be groupies themselves, Most of them are. Yeah. So that's what kind of makes, it makes the whole situation work. And that and that's been, that's been Sorry man. But that's been going on like, like I said for a long time where parents are selling their kids. Like, like they, they, they, they feel like they, they're living their second childhood through their child living Vicariously through Kid. Yeah. So, well prayer is to all involved. Yeah, Sure. Everybody don't really know too much more so it ain't Really, you know. It is, It is, It is. It is unfortunate. But yeah, prayer is to everybody involved. We got anything lighter man, I Yeah. You wanted to start there To get it out the way. I ain't know he was going, you know, I thought it was gonna be a quick news brief.


Right. Nah, can't, it's not gonna be quick with Jay. You can't be quick with Jay. But yeah, sure won't do that man. You Can't do that. Did y'all all, well we, we, we take something a little lighter on the music side. Scissor announces a new project And she dropped that video clip too. Yeah, she was pissing in the woods. Okay, hold on. I didn't see it, so I didn't see somebody. No pee pee. Somebody make that makes sense. Need to, I don't understand. Need to see this, I'm gonna tell you. Okay. She's in the woods. Yes. Yeah, she's Pissed. Took a piss. She dropped the pants and she and she, she squatted, she popped squat, she popped stream And this was her album announcement. What's the name of the singer That was on Ray J Stories? No, Pissing in the woods. Can't see The for It. Is it called Pissing in the Woods? No, no, no. The project is called Lana.


Lana. SOS Deluxe. It's a deluxe. It is a 10, I think it's two year anniversary of the s os album. And she's putting out a deluxe for it. So the promotion for it was Hud. She said clock Starts now listen, I ain't, I ain't see no PPP drop. She wiped though. She down, she's squatting, she's in the, I don't see no pee but S os nigga it's see emergency, It's implied Girl only no more nigga. So I don't know what the symbolism behind that. But She wiping too. You just Told you SOS nigga I gotta the go. What'd she wipe with toilet paper? Pull some toilet. She pee pee on it. I'm so she Brought toilet paper in the woods. See? Believe. And she didn't, she didn't litter. She kept it. She put it back in her back. Little feminine white got lot of that.


I peeped. I was like she lit her. I'm on ass. She ain. It Could have been Biodegradables. True. You know what I mean? That's true. That's true. That's And she ain't wash her hands though. And she was right there by the stream. She definitely should have rinsed in the stream. I'm a little disgusted by that. Yo. What? I personally don't have a problem with it. Me neither. I'll let it fly. I don care. I've done worse. I love Scissor. I've seen women do worse. I've done women that Done worse. Some, some, some people are into that. Right. Golden showers. You freaks. Yeah. Who, why Y'all looking at me? I'm not in the golden showers. You, you shit on the shit on the beer. Freeze helps Moisturizer. I like that. I respect that.


Don't look at me. Shout out the freeze. You fucking freak That. That's the dye you be using. Nah, that's how I get it out Nigga. Too quiet. Niggas don't be quiet. Oh yeah. You Black today. You You Got It out nigga. You ever had a golden shower Ish. You what about you, mark? Nope. Oh. That's where we going. All I'm Just saying It is not my bag friend. It's not your bag. You gave one before. Nah. Yeah. I can't. I mean, I mean you had You yo, this nigga here pee my face baby. No, no, she, we was in the shower and pee. Oh God. She asked for, she asked, oh What I'm gonna do you pee. I had to go anyway. Right. She she asked you to pee on her.


Okay. I'm not, we It is too early for This. All right, Early. It is, It Is early. It's too early for the horny. It is. My bad. It is. That's I'm looking forward to the scissor. Absolutely. But It's It is. Absolutely. It's on brand. It's on brand for y'all real quick. It's on brand for y'all. Alright. We, we move from, This is on brand we Left. We wanna talk about scissors music. Yes. You know what I mean? Shout to s shout to, shout to Scissors, shout To Scissor. She whatever. She could do whatever she want Kind of. Yeah, pretty much. And before this tour, I mean it's perfect timing. Right? Perfect Timing. I went to the movies the other day too. And what'd you say? Go see Gladiator. She has a, A trailer with her. She got a trailer. Kiki P Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, Kiki Palmer. Shit. It looks funny. Yeah. Look like it's gonna be funny. I didn't look. I ain't, I don't even know what the movie about.


It's a little I'm gonna watch. But you in there though. I, I didn't care what the movie was about. I was just looking at the trailer trailing Her. It's just, it's a female buddy comedy. It, it's gonna be buddy Buddy Comedy. Yeah, My buddy. My buddy and me his sister. Yo. What What they say? It was gonna be 10 songs, 10 extra songs. Is it 10? Oh no. I don't know how many. Oh, they specify. They just said it was Del. You just said the Deluxe. Deluxe. I bet it's gonna Be long though. I don't care how many songs It is. I'm still gonna go listen to it. Indeed. Anybody watch Dossey's Tightness? Yes. Didn didn't. Oh Shit was fine. I'm not gonna hold you fan. The best one of 2024 Dog. I gotta go back and look at the table. That's I That's mine. Yeah, that's mine.


There's A lot. That's good like that. She, I didn't watch the whole thing. She might, she has from First Look, I'm trying to think of who had a better one than she did. I can't really think of one. I'm making A prediction. I think She gonna win that. I think she gonna win that, that Grammy What one she nominated for New artist right? No, But I think that She ain the Best. I it's best rap album. I Don't think she win. Oh yeah. I'm just, I'm just telling you what I think Just to be nominated is amazing. I'm a fan. Absolutely. I'm your first like real project. That's a big deal. My nigga. She's talented to follow the people that have already had a tiny desk and do what she did. Yeah. Oh fam she was up there comfortable. Like I own This bitch. Really? For sure, For sure. Yeah. Like she went crazy though.


But that's why, that's why when we spoke about just how TDE works they artists and stuff, I, I try to remove that somewhat because you could tell she came to them hungry A little bit Along and the stuff she did before She was working, before that She was working. You know what I'm saying? It reminded me early, like Azalea banks Ish a little bit Bright Lights is still Bright lights though. No, I know. I everybody don't respond well to the Bright Lights. She commanded the tiny desk. Nah, She really did. Like She was Nicki, she's a star in the making like all jokes like you thought like she was up there like nigga I I, this is my third time here And all and the all black female band and the backup singers come on and just with the break it was, it was, she went crazy. So beautiful went, she Went crazy. Know I love the most about her and It is her look.


Me too. Her look that to me is so important. Her confidence through the roof. Just in just the stardom of just a new rap star. Yeah. It's not over done. It is chocolate. It represents something higher than what we, that to me is the most fired part about like the statement within that. Yo, even when she came here, a lot of people come here and they a little apprehensive. She came What up y'all? What up y'all? Like she came in this motherfucker like we knew her since she was three. She came in here like want some some confident, comfortable shit. And that's fire. She can't teach that. It translated right in that room. She gonna be around for the long haul. She's on a hell of a trajectory. Yeah. She's going crazy that that's A perfect situation of someone who was ready for it. Meeting someone that can handle it.


That can handle when Timing meets opportunity And cultivate it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Another, another dope woman doing some shit. Summer Walker announced she got a over it radio on Apple Music dropping. First episode is on a Friday. Friday. Dope. I'm looking forward To it. Yeah, I like the Apple Radio shit a lot. I love I I Love it. Love it too. I've been doing, I've been doing a lot lately so I'm looking forward to that And hopefully we get some new music soon. So I think it'd be dope 'cause we kind of like struggle kind of getting in touch with her personality a little bit. And she's also spoken about like having that kind of like anxiety. Anxiety shit. So the fact that artists are finding new ways to get in touch with their fan base without having to really be fire. You got to smart. It's Dope Fire. Very Fire.


Very fire. Dope there. Anything else in music? J Cole? Anything Dropped? Oh yeah. Nigga Cole. J Cole just dropped 10th anniversary man. 10th anniversary of Forest Hills Drive. Okay. He added how many new records? I think it was eight. Yeah, I think it's eight New Years new records. Well Cole is doing with That, is it inevitable? Inevitable? Yep. Oh man. Like even, even the show he has coming up of December 16th at the Garden, they're live streaming it free for everyone who is a member of The Inevitable and anyone that purchases Forest Hills Drive, like he's found a new director consumer way That is they, they just on some other shit with it. Every introvert should do this. Yeah.


In the business. And it gives, it gives you control. It still gives you a way to tap in but you still get to keep your, you know, sec sense of privacy. Yeah. And how's the podcast been doing? Pause. I, I don't know how it's been doing. I've been listening. I, I will say I wish they gave us a little more time between drops. I don't know what the cadence is, but I'm just behind 'cause it's hard to keep up. They're long. They're two and a half hours at times. Two hours. It's Audio only, right? Audio only. And the app, there's no app actually. It's just on the web browser and when you close your phone it cuts off. Which is a little annoying. But that being said, the content is amazing and just the reinvigoration of his old catalog to me is brilliant. And as a, if anybody is out there that's like an up and coming rapper or wants to be in the business, a manager, this is like a textbook study in getting on basically really his work ethic.


Absolutely. Do you, do you feel like him backing out the battle had any effect on anything that he's doing right now? Not really. No. Hell No. No? No, not really. I think I, this Actually gave him like a wide birth to actually create and not be involved in the bullshit. Now I wanna take back all that bullshit. I said I'm glad he backed out. Me too. I'm glad it seemed like Cole's walking away. Y don't think that this is, this is that kind of catapulted them into this, this to show y'all what my personality is really, really like to show y'all. I wasn't on that type of time. I think That this was, I think him backing outta the battle was knowing that this was coming. 'cause they're even talking in this, they're referencing a lot of shit. I think they did during the pandemic or maybe 2021 or 2022, something like that. So they've had this for a while.


This is obviously a plan that they had to roll out for a minute. So I'm sure that he looked at the battle and was like, I got some shit coming. I'm not, I'm not doing that right now. And Again, 10th anniversary, I got anniversaries coming up of this and that. Like, yo, I don't want none of that. That's a, that's a negative mark on what I'm trying to do. To me this look like Cole's. This is, this is the farewell tour. All of this. This looks like I'm setting it up to leave. I'm giving you the back catalog. I'm, I'm, I'm giving y'all the old shit on streaming. I'm going back giving you bonus records on each, all of this project to leave. I think Cole is setting up for post rap. That could be, I wouldn't be surprised. This is, this is me making my way to my exit. So which will be the fall off album and then I'll done be a Year younger than he's probably 39 maybe.


I Mean he's about that age. I go back, I go back to that, that that whiteboard thing he had or it was like a list he had put up with. He was like, I got the features done, I got this done, I got this done. Like he has a plan of I want to hit these check marks and then I'm outta here and now I can be Exec Cole. I've never met him but his personality is definitely one that I could see walking away from all of the ills of the music and entertainment business. Andre for sure. Andre 2000. Shit. Yeah. You get, I don't mean never rap again, I'm just saying I'm no longer actively super Going super hard. Okay. I get a lot from, I think a lot of it too that I get is in terms of discography is it feels like he regrets kind of how the beginning went.


So I think this is kind of his way of going back to it because it sounds like he was moving and moving and moving. He wanted his first album to be a classic. He ended up using the songs from that for the first, well the second two mix tapes. I think this is a way of him saying, you know what, let, let's try to give these more attention than they probably got at that time. And which I love and respect. That's dope. That makes sense. And we in the streaming era now, so you know a lot of this stuff, I mean we don't, but there's people that solely rely on streaming. So it's like this is a brand new introduction to a lot of them. You know, I remember back when Drake did it with so far gone when that hit streaming. There are people that's literally listening to this for the first time. Yeah. Yeah. So there's people that's heard about these projects, but everybody ain't running the YouTube. That pit ain't around no more.


So it's like, where can I even hear it? That makes sense. So, and now Kohl's got into a space where I can clear whatever I gotta clear, I can do this, that and the third. And now I can deliver these projects on streaming. I just gotta make it make sense for me. And my fan base is crazy. So now it's gonna be new, new, new shit to them. Yeah. They might have never heard before. I, I love the way he's moving. The only thing I, I didn't love the battle situation but outside of that, I love the way he's moving. I love the way he pursues his dreams. I love the way he's like, this is the kind of music I wanna make. I wanna go play basketball. This, you know, whatever he wants to do, he does it Mark. That's why I don't Like when people, because now when I think about it, if Cole is involved in that battle situation, I don't think it's as, don't get me wrong, we we gonna have some amazing other records from him. But I do think that was a moment where you clear out but like this, this moment is a little bigger than we trying to decide who's the bigger of the big three.


Like Fuck that This Is, this is, I'm okay with my thing is not you got a battle, just don't start and then back out. Well that's true. That's all I'm saying. I get if he had said, if he had said I'm above the fray, I'm not getting none of This shit, I think he would've look cool as hell grew. But that's why I'm sorry I'm that that's why I do understand. He was like, yo, I let people gas me up. That wasn't even me. Like I ain't wanna do that. I let niggas gas me up. My man called me. We have a one on and It is like, you know what, You right my bad and and I'm gonna make it right and apologize to you publicly leave. I don't want nothing to do with This shit in closing. Yeah man. Yeah, go ahead man. Do You think that Kendrick called him up and said step aside? Yes. Yes. I think, I think he spoke to both of them. I think that he spoke to both of them and saw how serious they were about to go at each other.


I think they like, I don't believe that Kendrick shit that I always saying what I think that they, both of them niggas wanted to take each other's heads off. And I think he saw that it was personal and it was serious coming from both sides. What Kendrick? Shit I'm always saying about, he wouldn't have said this if homeboy ain't say that. I think all that shit was already ready to go. But Case had to go either way. Case. Yeah. Alright. But I'm, I'm saying I think he spoke to them. It's like if Imani and Parks is beefing and I'm in the middle, like, yo, We talk and Parks like no I'm ready to kill this nigga. And Imani is like, no I'm ready to kill this nigga. And I don't feel like that about neither one of them. I fucking both of them. I'm gonna step back and let them go at it. 'cause I think it's past rap. Right. So I think that's what he did after speaking to them. And yes, I also think that he spoke to him and if you listen to the Heart, heart part six on GN X, I think the last part of the third verse, he's kind of saying that.


Got it. But yeah. Okay. Well it's that time of the show. I know Joe's not here, but wait, What, what time of the show? Favorite of The show? Favorite of The show? Of show? Favorite part? Mine. Mine. You wish you had climb on? Favorite part of the show? I wish you had what Ish? The clock on that time. Yeah, it's cool. Come on. He's not here. So what, so you know what time It is now? It's part of y couldn't even let me do it properly. Nah, he set it up. I I started the alley was in the area had


So PrizePicks is your number one daily sports app and all the land sport apps and all of the land. It's easy to play. Yeah. Hey, no, I'm trying to get the bag. That's what I'm saying. Oh, I respect it. Yeah. Alright. Thank you. But my intros out to be a little bit better. Jo. I kid they already got Drusky. Oh, on that note. Take it away Joe. They already got tanked nigga. You stupid ass light skinned nigga. Shut up. PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. And the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and a billion plus in reward winnings. PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all. All you have to do is pick two or more players across all sports, look at their projected stat lines and pick more or less for your chance to win big this week. For me, I'm riding the Pook and Nku horse. I'm gone with him for more than let's say 70 receiving yards. Let's see. I'm rolling with my dogs. AJ Brown should have a big bounce back week. He got his first complaint out, so I'm rolling with him to get more than a hundred. Let's get him big a hundred receiving yards. I'll go Pat Mahomes for two tos, that's two touchdowns. And gimme the hot hand of Saquon Barkley for more than 80 rush yards. Again. PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. So download the app today for your chance to win up to 1000 times your money only on PrizePicks. And just because it's py miss, just for holiday season, PrizePicks has also given you a chance to earn up to 30 plus million in rewards. So download the app today. Please, please, please use promo code JB bp. Good luck to all participants out there and run your game


Yo man and, and crazy nigga News. You know what I mean? Yo yo yo. Hold on, hold on. Before we do that, man, I got a call coming in that we want to get to real fast. What type of call we got Max B Live on the phone man, we big val. Yo. What's good beloved? What's good people wave Daddy in the building wave. God, What's up? What's good man? How you feeling? Feeling righteous man. You heard, You know what I mean? I'm, I'm doing all right man. Shit. Almost over walking this thing down one day at a time. Be grinding anything good, huh? Wavy baby coming back soon. Wavy baby. Wavy baby. Coming home real soon. All right. Do do, do we have a, do we have a date yet?


We got a date. I'll be on November 9th, 2025 baby, Let's go. Yeah. This the first definitive answer y'all got from me. So You already know. Nigga look it up. It's on the computer, it's in the system. I'm good. Everything is wavy. Everything is on the way. The ma ma was the movement. We making America wave. We can have Max. How Max how your, how your spirits now that you got the release date. What's your, what's your thought process of just preparing for be out, back out here with us? Listen man, listen. You know, you normally, normally, normally I'm gonna give you some real shit. Normally a nigga in my circumstances with the amount of time I did would be taking this time taking turtle steps, but not the ball.


Dar I'm diving in head first. Nigga we wavy air. Yeah man, it's a, It is a lot of, it's a lot of Nigga. It's, it's A lot. Hey first. Hey first. It's a, it's a lot of records out here that, that you, you missed on bro. It's a lot, it's a lot of that wave is missing all. Listen man, We on divine time, I'm working. I can't wait to get Reacclimated. And then, here's the thing, You already know I'm, I'm a musical genius myself, so niggas gotta get reacclimated with my shit. So it's always going to be a challenge. I love a good challenge and no, it's for the game. I'm, I'm, I'm with the game been Miss Baby. I'm the trench header so shit, I'm back nigga.


I'm coming back and we going, we going to add that Max bigger. Well wait that baby, that wave got music. Shout to the Do Montana. What's good baby? I see you Yo Max. A little, a little. A little. A little si a little silly question. We, outside of the obvious things that you gonna want to partake in, when you first touch down, what's the one thing you looking forward to doing when you get back out? Look on some real shit. Just to have a nice dinner with the family, the kids, you know what I'm saying? Eat, pray, love. Just be around. Hey, have all my loved ones all my day. Ones in one room. Nice. And then that shit, everybody pulling up with the bags and I'm gonna go get some pussy.


Nigga, nigga wave me nigga. I told you head first, nigga. Hell, I figure man. Yeah. Any, any, any? Every still Got it nigga. We still, nigga fuck what Happened. Any, any, any artist you looking forward to working with? When you touch down any certain people that you, you looking like directly wanna work with That I can't even, I'm not gonna even put myself in the box. It's all gonna run concurrent. I can't wait to get in the studio with a lot. There's a lot of artists out there. I got, it's too many to name. But look, I'm gonna tell you this, the big names the head honchos. I'm looking forward to working with the big names. The head honchos. I'm not gonna put myself in the box, you know what I'm saying?


I'm open for all that. But they gotta be a-list. I'm fucking with a-list. If This shit ain't a-list, I can't Fuck That boy. You doing high end shit B fuck with your boy. You ain't doing, You doing a-list. Only we got high End B. So November 9th, high end, high end. November 9th, 2025. You'll be home man. Lock it in. And we, we can't, we can't wait to see you. I know that. You know, shout out to friend. Shout to everybody that's, you know, that's around and a part of the team. You sound like you in great spirits man. And and It is good to hear that. It is good to hear that. You in great spirits. Man. Listen Man, I'm feeling righteous.


I'm feeling righteous. God is good. Even holding me up. I'm clean. I'm in the gym. I'm working out. I got my weight up. I'm drinking Kool-Aid. I feel quick. Can't wait. This shit going, This shit gonna be beautiful. I'm trying to tell you nigga. I'm trying to tell you nigga It is. What you been missing? The Max B movie coming show nigga? Shit going to be crazy nigga. We out. We out here. We out here. All right Max. All right man. Yo. Yo, we appreciate you calling, calling in big. We appreciate you. Listen, I love the people. My was the movement Black French. I love my niggas. We moving Cameron Sybil, I see you Al we loopy. We on the way Don Coney.


I'm coming. Sean. November 9th, 2025. Yo Joe button holding down nigga mouth Al God signing out Max video. Wow That was dope. That's dope. That's Amazing. First question to ask. Big can't wait to hit him. Got out word that, that he's coming out with me. Sure. In the studio. One of the first things he doing though. Oh Yeah. How show he crack some of that? Oh for sure he got a crack some 20 years. Shit. Shit. Nah, nah. The political correct shit was yo look good dinner. My family. Right. Love. Right. And be clear. They they lining up for him. They waiting for him. Yeah, they are aint, he was a, I might lead a spot and go right to the, You know what I mean, nigga the young It is, come in there and pick them up.


You bring your, you gonna bring your camera in there nigga. I'm going right there. Walk on my back. Walk on your back. Yo. Yo right there. Yo. You know what's so crazy right there. Yo. You a pervert. Huh? Farro you gotta get rid of that shit. Get out. I thought you were getting out far by the time Perver or racist. Which one? He both nigga I'm not One. He don't discriminate nigga that shit, I'm not either one. That Wang don't discriminate nigga. The I like the way on my back. Yeah you did you go for update on your, on getting the the laser joint You went, you updated it? Nah, I ain't been in a While. Oh Shit. Did it grow out? What we talking about?


I sorry. He had his bikini line lasered. Oh You did a bikini line Line too? I thought you did this went he got the whole shit. Yeah, he got the whole shit done. I don't Know Mel right up the butt crack. That's it's true. See I see why You right, You right. Not when shoot a do your white. She like do do your girl like be slapping your ass randomly and shit like that. She do that. You don't play those type of game. All girls do that. Yes. Yeah. So so she be like the Girl come up behind you all that girl do You had to clean it up to give us some, some, some, some space to, to get shit off. What? What is he a clean swipe? Yeah, hit him a swipe. You know the money man? No she hit you with the, she hit you with the Nelly.


Oh Shit. I Don't even know what That is. The credit card though. Oh Shit. You Got it. Your face He tip. Oh Shit. Your tip real My nigga is that's what you go back because you, you completed your whole session because nah, Nah nah. You supposed to go six times. Yeah. Which It is like permanent. Can I take the rest of your sessions? Hold on. What? Wait, hold on, hold on. Backing Billy, sit as down. Well you're not gonna use please. I'm on my ass crack please son. I mean I do. Please Somebody that getting back Can she, can she get the rest of your sessions? I mean Yo Mel stop. Oh but I'm gonna get the rest of my, you know the procrastinator right here.


He ain't Going but you got six left Procrastinating in the ass. Crack is crazy. He got four left. If you don't use him just pass one out to each member. I don't want that shit. I don't want your hand me down ass clean yo. You get some free landscaping on me. Use toast. That's crazy. Go, go finish. Get your shit done bro. Flip It's not a priority for me. Yake. I'm gonna get there Though. Did it hurt though? Did it hurt? Nah. Oh it didn't burn. They Numbed you. They numbed jazz. Oh Shit. You taking that white shit to another level and you just took the pain ahead. Give it to me. It don't hurt Lasering.


They Didn't put any numbing cream? No. No. Okay. You are Freak manly man. Right here. You a grizzly. Go ahead. I did. It Doesn't exactly hurt but it just feels like little rubber band snapping. That Sound like it hurt that not like yeah that. Well You know I'm a woman so we have a very high tolerance for pain so I don't really know what to say about that. You know what, let's move on. I Kind of like Pain so hey yo. In dumb nigga News in your hometown. I was about to say he Or she, you right. You gotta defend nigga. Nigga did 24 years, you got got Exonerated won a $4.1 million lawsuit and now he's going back to jail for killing a man over $1,200 worth of cocaine.


Man. Round of applause for this idiot. I don't if that's, I don't give a fuck. Hey come on yo. Let's defend. That's not the proper That is that what happened? Yeah. Yes nigga. That's What happened. Yeah I thought it was over a dice game or some stupid shit. Course you put all, all of us blacks with dice. Of course you stop man. Come on. Come back to come back home nigga. Yeah Mark what's up? I ain't got no excuse for that shit. Stupid shit. I'm gonna start saying from Delaware or some Shit. Don't heard. Don't say that. That shit counted the roof. I was like going on Nigga. I hate that but I hear that story so many times. It was a dude 24 years though. You, you already institutionalized man.


You got four point what? You not playing them game million. He got he Philadelphia man who was exonerated and awarded 4.1 million settlement after serving 24 years for a wrongful murder conviction is now headed back to prison for killing a man over 20. Don't fuck over $1,200 cocaine debt. But this is the, this two things. I say one that's a reminder that some people who are wrongfully convicted are actually just mis convicted. Like yo I ain't gonna give them that. Like I didn't do that crime but I might have killed three other people. Just the one I got exed for with what I didn't do. I'm just saying like sometimes that's how it goes. No I think, I think after serving 24 years in jail and that's The second Part, you become Institutionalized A animal. It's criminal genic, it creates it, it makes you criminal. But if you get a 4.1 million joint and you go back and put it in the streets, That's the part that I fucked.


That's just the dead. So my nigga, that's not true bro. That's not true. I'm Nigga came out here for him. I ain't gonna say That. A cocaine Debt. He said it was a debt debt but no nigga could half on a something nigga jail for 24 years and you was locked up. Let's say you went to jail at 18, you only 40 something. Every nigga you know is a jail nigga. Okay. Your associations is jail niggas. Yeah. So what does that mean you one foot. Come on. Come on. So when you come outta jail, I'm gonna be around jail nigga. Well you Just said it's not true that niggas come home get the lawsuit and put it back in the street if you were put in it back. If a nigga owe you money, you put the money that you got back in the street. Nigga. Nigga He might, we don't know why the nigga owe money. What I'm saying is him being around $1,200 for cocaine nigga bullshit.


I'm letting that go. I'm doubting that $4.1 million ain't enough to keep the, I'm letting that $1,200 go. I'm just saying that's the part that fucked me up. If, if we bickering over $1,200 and you got four MI got four and I got million 4.1 fucking idiot nigga took it from you. It is principle nigga did 24. Nigga I'm with you. That is the next definitely go out the window. That is the next contestant. Or when real goes wrong, no Bullshit. I'll be rooting for some of these. And not to sound fucked up, It is a dude, maybe like a year ago, there's a dude who's trying to kill my brother and then wait Damn, Hold on, hold on. Yo, there's some beef on the street. He got locked up. My brother got locked up. He was back and forth and he didn't know he was brothers.


I used to hoop with the ball. Then he found out we were brothers once he was locked up. So I was like, when he gets out he might actually have an issue with me too. Yeah, he did 20, he did 20 years. He did close to 20 years and he got out in June and they made him go to Pittsburgh because they wouldn't let him be in the Philadelphia area 'cause he had tried to break out his dude all this other shit. Anyway, I was just like that dude. I was like, he's gonna go back to jail. He'd been in jail for 20 years. That's the only life he know. He he'll be back soon enough. And my brother called me from jail about a month ago. Like, yo, well I could say always don't matter. He, he was like, Nigga back. No he's dead. Dude was selling guns outta outta out of the cribs in Pittsburgh and the, the police broke in and he was like, I'm not going back. And they killed him and that's what we were banking on.


And not to be fucked up but I was like, I felt a relief because he tried to harm your family member. Oh he tried? Yeah, he tried to kill him. He tried to kill him. Like literally they was on 52nd street with a shootout. Right. My point is this story is fucked up. 'cause he was maybe 'cause the exoneration part, but if you spent 20 years in jail, they're designed to put you back in jail. 'cause you get a mentality where you probably gonna end up going back. It's too bad he wasn't like Andy Dra. Who's that? I don't know Andy Dran Haw Shank Redemption. Oh Sorry, I can't remember his real name. Are you? Are you fucking nuts? You talking about hating the piping? Escaping and going on the island somewhere. You fucking nuts. Which Andrew Duf White White boy. Well Ray followed Him. Nigga I was taking the sand, putting it down his pants.


Real nigga. Fucking sandy ass back to camera. The nigga Red follow You. Right? I forgot but Red did his time. Red came home to see black nigga did his time, but the white nigga escaped. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Look, look what you remember. All right. I nigga do frame sidetracking though. I was actually Frank, I've never seen show Shake Redemption. For real. Hey Mark, mark, mark, mark. I'm the only Oh Thank you. Okay. No, you ain't seen it. I didn say his name. Yeah. Okay. Wait. How? I'm surprised you haven't seen it. It is like a jail reform. Really. No, I know. I heard it's great. I own it. It so the top of my list of the movies I'm supposed to see that I'm embarrassed and didn didn't see You own it. You own it and you still ain't see it because It is one of the movies that you, you keep going so long without watching it that like It is you're embarrassed and then nobody will watch it with you.


Go watch the movie. It's like knowing It is like not knowing how to play Spades is hard. You White to watch it with you because it's a play. Really watchable movie. She probably would. She's seen it like enough times that she like No, it doesn't matter what time. You Don't know how to play spades. No, no. I know how to play Spades. Oh, I am a spades. God. I am the best. Okay. Alright everybody. Everybody say it until have cards on the table. I am the best spade player you've ever met. Like in real life. Like, Okay, I'm a beast. I know. Well anyways, Shawshank Redemption comes on tv. It doesn't matter what point of the movie It is, most people will continue to watch it. It's that good. Oh, It's like that. It Is that good? For Sure. All right. I'll watch it. I watch it this week. I mean, like I said, I don't Got it. I don't play DVDs more, but I I'll watch it. Just watch it bro. Yeah. All right.


You got a lot of weird little movie things. Word. Yo. You got a lot of I don't have a lot. I have one. Yo, you I got what? Because I didn't see Gladiator. That's Gladiator. That's weird. That's weird. That's one though. Didn't like. That's it. That's it. That's all y'all got. That's y'all one. You Shaw Shank. Shaw Shank Two Classic. They like Last Dragon. I saw it when I was 25. Makes nobody likes Super Last Dragon. Watch it as an adult. It's a fucking terrible movie. That makes sense. We saw that. Y you know what it's, it's like going to a kid's play when it ain't your kid. You like those motherfuckers stink. I go to 'em all the time and they, I was a teacher. They fucking suck. You can't sing, you can't act. Shut up. It's only cute when it's your kid. Hey, that's fine. You cut it right though. M Right.


I was having a conversation with somebody who's a Genzer and I was talking about a movie True Romance. Has anybody ever seen Yes. Yes. Great Movie. It's fucking epic. Right? And I realized I wouldn't that far, But Yo Epic True Romance is So what's a classic, first of all, first of all, what is Romance With? It's a Quentin. It is not. Quentin. Tarantino directed It. Quin Tarantino wrote it. Tony Scott directed it. And it has Dennis Hopper, Christopher Walken, Brad Pitt, James Delini. But that's Brad Pitt's first movie. Funny enough. No. Oh, I seen it. I seen that. I think so. I It Brad, Brad, Brad Pitt. He was doing shit as a kid. Yeah. Brad Pit was, came out in 93. Good. Yeah. Fucking great movie. So I was just like, yo, so I was talking to somebody from Gen Z and they were like, I have no idea about this movie.


And I thought, I was like, Ooh. What kind of like movie recommendations could we give to the younger generation that they have no concept of now that they're using our music as their fucking samples. Right. What movies would you guys recommend to the Gen Zers who probably have no clue that black it even fucking exists? Pulp Fiction. That's a good one. Mm, that's a good one. 1994 Seen, You've seen Pulp Fiction, right? Pulp Fiction is gonna be trash to one of these young niggas. Really? Yeah, I don't think so. It's, it's going to depict what he just said. It is all over the place. It is Written in a weird sense that they might not get Fiction is trash. That's the the scene. Say Paul Fiction is trash. If you weren't there, it was a time piece that you had to be there when it came out.


It Was, I don't know. I think that shit is Time Niggas to watch Fight Club for sure. That's a good one. That's a good one. Fight Club is great. I'm sorry I stand corrected too. That's not Brad Pits first movie. Sorry. Yeah. Fight Club is amazing. Gotta they gotta Fight. Yeah. He was in Thelman Louise way before that. Yeah, He was still a kid in some movies stuff. Yeah. Romeo and Juliet. Oh, and I would also say Thelman and Louise. Yeah. Which one? Which one? The Usual Suspects from Ette. The Usual Suspects. Suspects. The Romeo and Juliet with Leonardo DiCaprio and Ann a Claire Danes. That was a Very good movie. It was. Watch all the Nolan movies. Who? Christopher Nolan movies. Christopher Nolan. Yeah. Yeah. That'll do to all that shit. Memento. Just all of them. Everything man. I Warrior Prestige is that shit.


Warriors. Warriors Is a classic gang movie. It's horrible. The acting is horrible but she'll Watch it. You never saw Warriors? No Grease. Never saw that nigga. Didn't you say Grease? Grease is my favorite. What? Like the white movies Called three weeks ago for like a romantic comedies And you, you recommended Romeo and Juliet. Fucking Grease. Grease Is my favorite movie. What's the other shit? Life and shit. What's up? It's wonder's. All three of 'em are amazing. Yeah. I hate Greece. I have trauma from Greece. Greece is amazing. Greece is amazing. I'm gonna get you sucker if There we go. Now let's go on The other end. How about, how about coming to America? Harlem? Not of course. Well they probably started watching Coming to America. Or They probably watched it because the most recent coming to America Too came out. So they're like, I need context.


That's Fair. They watch the other Eddie Murphy movies. Everyone, everyone. Every single one is good. Boomerang Vampire in Brooklyn. If everything else And Pluto Nash don't watch that. Yeah. That don't count. Yeah. S That don't count. That didn't happen. Yeah. That ain't, that's like Black Knight. We don't count that. Yeah. Epi Martin. So, so you watch Jamie Flip Fox, Netflix special, you wanna call it a special stop? What Would you call it? Stop. Because I watched it this morning and I know what you about to do. Oh Lord. Be nice. What Happened? Be nice. About what? No one else watched it, right? No, Not yet. Don't. Okay, I'm going. You hit the group chat too late. I, No, he, he thought I hit it right on time. Netflix is 3:00 AM on the East coast.


That's why I was still on West Coast. I know. Yeah. I'm sorry, but you don't waste your time. Wait, is it not funny? No. Or is it not comedy? It's not, it's, and I double checked because I thought maybe I'm tripping. 'cause they was saying special, special, special. So I said, okay, maybe this is just him getting his, you know, giving his version of everything that happened. They have it listed as tear jerker comma, standup comedy. Huh? I was confused. I want my tears jerked into comedy. He walks out the, he walks out on the stage and starts crying. Yo, The man almost died. I don't need a special for this then. So it's called What Had Happened Was That sounds funny. He Might, yeah, of course he might've got overwhelmed by the No, no, no. He did, he did that. The, He cried the whole joint. Thank you.


But wait, It's, it's already nominated for a Golden Globe. Yeah. Okay. Stop. It just dropped. Alright. Listen. I love Jamie Fox, but it ain't that good. It Ain't Good. Stop. It's not good. This is a standup comedy story. How many times did, how many times did you laugh? I didn't laugh. You cry. Actually, I laughed. I'm gonna tell you when I laughed, did you cry? I'm gonna tell you, when I laughed when my girl called me a off or what? I said when I cut it off, when I laughed, you laughed at your own jokes. I laughed at her laugh was, did you Laugh? There were laughable moments. I I do agree that he laughed. I, I do. Well the impersonations part was probably the funniest part. The Trump impersonation shit was funny. The part where he spoke about not wanting to date white women No, no more was funny when he mentioned Kat Williams was a little funny.


The Kat Williams shit was, it was cool. Listen, when I watched it, it seemed like someone who honestly was like, yo, I'm really not supposed to be alive. And I think he's still starting to pick up some of his like shit. Like you could tell he not really All the way Sharp like he was. I'm Saying nigga dancing. When Nicole war the other day, hold on, hold on. A you know what this told me? This should have been, I thought she was dancing With, you know, you're Michael Jordan's son. That's what I saw. You know how comedians go out and they, they they, they get the rust off. They do a couple. He shouldn't have had a special yet. He should be at the comedy store during this. That's what this, that's what I took from this got so cool. I'm going. And the, the, the, the scare happened in Atlanta. He went back to Atlanta. So he was like, yo, 400 yards away.


Piedmont Hospital, this is where it happened. You know, he's breaking down, you know what happened. But he just kept saying, Atlanta, y'all got me through whatever the phrase he just kept saying. The crowd started saying it for him it was silence. Like, this is still a comedy show. That's so I'm still taking it as a comedy show. Jamie Fox is different. Yo bro, Jamie Fox is different. Let's get let's get something clear. Jamie Fox on so many multiple levels is he's not ever just looked at as a comedian. He's looked at, Oh no, he's triple right. He's looked As actor. He's an actor singer. He presented all of that in a special, don't get me wrong, it could have been funnier, but for someone who is trying to pick back up his thing, and I think this is the perfect Way to do it.


Was it funny though? You said it could be funnier? Was it funny? I think, I don't think it was the funniest. Did you laugh at all? I I did laugh. Okay. I laughed at certain moments. If I have to rate it, if I have to rate it as a comedy special, it's a c special. If I have to rate it as a moment for him to get back into the world and speak it, it was a great moment for him. I, I'm seeing a, a, a trend with these comedians now who are doing that. Like Chappelle did that right after Mike. Not Mike Brown. After George Floyd was killed, where he came outside. They called it a comedy special, but he was really kind of venting. Yeah. Jar Carmichael, same thing. Rotel was, I mean it's, it's, I think Rotel was brilliant. I Fuck that, but I didn't laugh a lot. Yeah. You know what I mean? It wasn't a laughing project. So I think Netflix in particular is starting to put out these projects even though Rotel wasn't Netflix, they're put out projects where It is kind of a mix of comedy and commentary and people are, they're buying the artist.


Not the, not the, not the laughs which This shit, I love that when it works funny. This didn't work for me. And like I said, all I took from It is, and this is nothing against something. 'cause again, if you, you got a second chance at life, knock it out. Do you think that It is, because like you're not used to seeing Jamie Fox perform in this way as a standup comedian? I was just about to ask y'all, what was the last funny Jamie Fox standup? The last one he had Then how many does he have that are Funny? He doesn't have a lot of special, serious, I've seen moments of Jamie Fox where he shined, but I'm talking about a standup's. All right, let's, all right, let's do this. I ain't seen it. I, I remember seeing Jamie Fox do stand up. Me too. And he was funny. He was funny. So I'm not, I don't wanna do that. Okay.


Funny. I Don't, I do think, I mean, he's on there. He had a moment where he, he slipped up and he said, oh, gimme a second, y'all. I, I did suffer From two strokes. So like he's, he's trying to get his shit back. And I think the best way to try to get your shit back sometimes just going out there and just doing it. So I But you ain't gotta record it and sell. That's true. That's my point. That's true. We've seen, we've known artists gotta work. Chris Rock, all of them, they tour and they, they do pop up shit where they just getting back out there, fine tuning they shit. He's not a traditional and Then they go do a special, He's not a traditional act. And on top of that, add into the fact that people have been waiting for answers about what happened with them for quite some time. Gotta work. The rooms e everybody that's not a traditional act.


They all go around and they work the Rooms. Yeah. We had Joe up here saying he was going up and be a comedian and he was gonna go straight to motherfucking Prudential And we laughed him out the room. We laughed him out. Was he serious? No. No. Oh, okay. Well, I don't know, but I think he was serious. He Was a little serious. Yeah. Jamie Fox has done this. So if he wanted to decide he don't want to go work the room and maybe he's not in the shape to go work the room, I'm gonna go do me a special and go get me a bag. Cool. And then I have the right, just call that out and say that that was bullshit. Ain't seen nobody, I used to host comedy shows at the Stand in New York and what Didn't You do though? And everything Haw. International man. Mystery as nigga A man with a thousand jackets. Yeah. But like we, we would, me and Amanda Seals co-host today and we would Nope, that's the people too.


He fuck with her. That's like my sister. But we, professional comedians would come in. I'm talking about like top flight people. I remember one time Damon Waynes came in kind of shut our shit down for a minute with love. Like, you know, can I you mind if I do 15? You know what I mean? And he's a pro, but he was working some new shit out. They worked, Sometimes it hit, sometimes it don't hit when you there. Could He have gone to Netflix or HBO at the time and just going strip maybe. Yes. It probably would've been a C plus B, but by the time he workshoped it, it was an A. It is an A and I'd never seen a comedian not come through there and do the exact same thing. Right. Yo, the man that's all I'm saying is not doing a normal standup. The man almost died. I think for him this is bigger than just working material. I think yo my fan base needs to see me again.


I don't got time to try to make this a working thing. Like he wanted, maybe he wanted it to be raw. Maybe literally the lit, literal moment. He came outside and got on that stage. Yeah. He started bursting into tears. Brother Did he seem strong and sturdy? His, his daughter, his daughter announced him, which was fire. His daughter introduced him to me. Excuse me. The second he walked out, he didn't even say nothing to the right. He just walked out and just bust out crying. I could see how that would happened. That always make you cry. No, I could see how that, I could see how that would happen. He's like, y'all don't understand, yo, This shit feels so good. Like I, I get it. I can understand that. But yeah. But yeah, You might What that, that raw, authentic moment of yo I, I at some point was not supposed to be here. And the fact that I'm even being able to come on stage and stand, I got my kids here with me.


He also brought out his other daughter who played the guitar and sang with him that the, the, the special to me was bigger than just him coming out there telling Jokes. So does he seem like strong and sturdy or does he still seem kind of frail? He seemed, I I, He don't seem frail, but you can tell there's still some, like he couldn't walk at a certain point. Like he talked about not being able to walk and then, and he like, he, he got into like some of the things about that which was funny. Yeah. The moment talking about the nurse cleaning him up and all that stuff. So he had moments. It was just like, for me it was bigger than comedy, especially for me was bigger than comedy. It's, it's a, a legend in the game now coming out and being like, Hey guys, I'm back. I might not be back in the way that you might want, but I'm back. Check This out. All of y'all are in closing.


I'm gonna watch it. Anybody out there that think you going to get your favorite vice or whatever, sit down, watch this and you and your girl or something, y'all gonna be laughing. You're not, Don't wish you edible. This is not for that. This ain't for that. That's all but salute to him. Quicker reason to get to the, You know what I mean? Look, sometimes it be like this, sometimes you bomb. Speaking of which, it was a rap battle, ice Uhoh bombing. Got to do with that. I, I didn't see the battle. It was ook, but somebody, She said speaking the Streets are saying that one person got Annihilated. Yeah, that's a good word. Annihilated. Oh Shit, I'm not helping. I didn't see it. Damn. That's fucked up. They saying that about mooc. You know, I wouldn't say he got annihilated and I would, By the way, just for the record, I wouldn't, I wouldn't root for artists thinking an artist was gonna win this 3.0.


But I'm hearing that didn't happen. Never. I've never, I didn didn't, I wouldn't think that would happen personally. Did you think the opposite was gonna happen? Didn didn't think there was a 3.0 either way. I didn't think either one of 'em will 3.0 each other. So what happened? I have a two one Rs But you said you wasn't there. Yeah, I watched it though. I have a two, one mooc. I have a two, one mooc. I have, I have the first round ra. I didn't expect him to come out like that first round. He said that he did fire second round. He stumbled and then he choked automatic loss to me. I don't care how fire round is. And I, I saw my brother saying a bunch of things like, you know, if you would've got to finish and some of the other things, unfortunately you didn't. So that's a, that that round is a, is a l to me.


Third round. My brother went to super disrespectful bag, which I saw people asking him to do. He even put a video up beforehand saying, battle rap is getting soft. Y'all, y'all act like disrespect is is now a bad thing or something? No, I'm bringing it, I'm bringing it back. So I, I don't listen to his rounds before he battle ever. But I kind of knew that's where he was gonna go. I think the third round is the deciding round. And it comes down to preference. Some people like the disrespect. Some people think he went too far with the disrespect. So it's up to, it's up to how you feel about it. With Mo, with MOOC and Oz, I, I got Moog winning into one. I I do, I was impressed with Oz's first round him rapping and I, he did go longer than mooc but I was impressed by his pen.


I'm like, damn Oz sounds great. Second, you know, he choked. Moog did great. MOOC first round was great as well and Mo's second round was great. Mo MOOC had all three of MOOC rounds was great. The problem is with ours is that he choked the second round and the third round, the disrespectful shit just turned me off because in my mind, in the battle rap, Why? Yeah, Because Some people don't want to hear that shit. He got different, he goes different with the disrespect y'all. Okay. But, but I tell, I can tell you why because he did so well. Like we know Oz talks about family members. I seen him do it, But yeah, but Oz did so well in the first that I thought that he was gonna get away from that. Me, I didn't see the video he did before. I just thought he was get away from that.


I'm like, damn, Aus is killing it. I feel like So He wanted to see more of that. Yeah, I feel like he didn't have to go that way, You know what I mean? And then when he did it, I mean it's MOOC mama, I know Mooc, I met his family person. So it, it hits different a lot and a lot of people in the building, we was, we was you know, doing the rewind show with Lux, a lot of people in the building, everybody felt the same thing. Maybe it's because we all knew Mo, but it just didn't feel good. I don't like that. Oh, that's interesting. And that's, and then after, after he did that niggas, to me it was like, come on, you just lost that. Right. You just, I just felt like all threw it away. And in my mind It is like, nigga you waited all these years to do that. Like it's a, It is a bigger, It is a bigger picture. Like you waited all these years to get in front of mooc. How long you won the battle MOOC to just do that at the third when you did great in the first.


So it just, it left a sour taste. Yeah, But if that's what people that's a point know from like, I, I'm confused by that because when I, when I watch ars, yeah I wanna see that that's what he is like that's what he like, that's what he and he excels at. So I wanna see him mix it up. So yeah, if he did the first round and he went rap cool you gave that, I gave y'all something different. Now balance it out and gimme what we know you to be attached to. He might shoulda came out the first round with the disrespect and then wrapped in the third. But either way, whatever, either way look, look It is gonna work against him either way. If I come out in the first round doing that, I'm turning everybody off already. Because again, like Flip said, we all know Mooc like damn his moms like you, you you doing that to him.


People are gonna get that bad taste in they mouth like yo you 'cause he went yo, he nah I seen the clip. It is bad but flip. But flip also said yo shocked that he really rap, rap rapped in the first round. And I was like damn he really came in gunning. Yes. So I think, you know what, I think a part of It is too. Niggas is getting older yo like that shit that you used to do 15 years ago that we laughed at and thought was disrespectful, it don't hit the same because niggas is really out here losing people. So now the shit that you got away with when we was young and that we ain't feel no type of way. Now niggas is losing they family members now niggas is losing they brothers and they cousins and they aunts and the nigga lost they mother and you came in talking about the nigga moms. It hit different now, but, but but at the same time, hold on, let me finish.


It hit different in your forties when we was 27 that shit was cool. It was cute. Oh you already said now niggas is 40. I don't like, nah that's, I don't that either. We doing battle rap nigga. We watched him go up against the cat in, in, in London. Who just lost like a uncle 10 years ago? Somebody, I'm just saying direct I a recent loss like a couple couple days, a couple days before and was like yo, I ain't gonna say nothing. I'm not gonna say nothing about Bitch. And Bitch went off. And that's a classic movie three days ago. Yeah that's crazy. Like it's just battle rap like Yeah I get it. But we saw what happened when they, when they talked about MOOC's mother with Bridge Rothstein and T Top, we saw the big fight on on the zero stage. We see how important it was to Mo or how important It is to Mo and also with a, I just felt like it was ego shit like to me like a didn't have to go when Ara in the first.


I just felt the third man he just did it to say that I nobody gonna tell me what to do. I'm gonna do what I want to do. Yeah, that could be true. That was just pure ego man be true nigga a impressed us nigga Luxe looked at me like yo flip, Oh Shit I was a nigga. I was like this. That's a talking like that. It was amazing man. No matter what the general consensus that I saw online was that Mooc? Yeah Mo course. That's what I heard. Mo I expect that you just Think they wrong. No, I mean have you, not even just that. I just think battle rap again It is subjective what you want see from me. So, but me expect, I expected the disrespect. I like the disrespect that when even you Come from that. But even with the Disrespect, have you have, you have, you have you disrespected him and you rapped better then you rap better.


You just think he did ain't have a shot. I don't think he, I don't think once he got to the disrespect and the people was turned off by that 'cause it's like, oh you went there. Come on dog. You ain't had and like Flip said, we know what happened last time it was over. Yeah it was over. It was, it was in Detroit. Like the crowd wasn't feeling the people started leaving. Well See what time it was too. Niggas was really the fuck outta there. That battle started dumb late. But shout to everybody anyway. Dry it all Battle rap. I'm serious. I'm, It's good to have a good card though. I heard the Rest of the card was good too, the card. So shout to Cal people been talking about how bad Rap been kind of struggling a little bit. But Shout to Calico man. Yeah, Cal put together a great call. Shout the cow For sure.


Shit we had, we had some other little beef going on in the industry too. What? Yeah, DJ Mustard went ahead and put put your boy boy Wonder on, on a summer. He did. He ain't, he ain't like what he had to say. So I guess apparently, you know, boy Wonder had actually messaged them at some point in the midst of the beef when not like us drop and shouted them out like yo dope joint. Boom boom Beat Beat is he is crazy. Yeah. But of recent boy Wonder has been making it very clear like, nigga we don't really fuck with, I'm on Drake's side. You some people make comments and said whatever, whatever. And he's kind of making it a stance like well we ain't fucking with that shit Toronto, we ain't fucking with none of that shit.


So DJ must have went ahead and made it very clear like, yo, why you making this a America Toronto type of thing And started posting up the, the message, the dm, the receipts, the little receipts. It was more than one message. Shit. Do you need more than one message? If a nigga, if a nigga Big is hard, nigga stop it. The big fire. Yeah. If a nigga came out with some fire shit, I'm be like, Oh yeah, you caught that But yeah we still on your ass. But You can't do that Now. Y Congratulating the Ops. Yeah you can't con you can't congratulate me in private and then now when the song is doing what it's doing, you wanna make a stand. Like I Wanna shit on it. I'm team Fuck that record. I don't know. I don't think niggas thought it was gonna do what It is exactly. I don't. Right. That's it. I don't think niggas thought it was gonna turn into what it turned into.


Yep. Yeah. So I think that it could have been a mistake in judgment. I see how That can happen. But if boy wanted to know he did that in the dm, why not just shut up and not respond to because you might Not. It is past that point now. And not just that, you might not think niggas is on that screenshot and message type shit. Yeah, true. Everybody don't move like that. That's True. Right. He probably forgot that he did that. Oh yeah. He could Have like once that shit got serious it's like oh damn. And Then now, Now we gotta choose up. It ain't rap no more. It is past rap. So now I gotta choose Up Now Drake's suing niggas and shit and he's on Drake's side. You know, you see the effect. Yeah. Nobody knew that was gonna have that effect initially. I hate that it's making producers have to like Yeah, producers shouldn't have to be. Yeah because boy one of them worked with Kendrick before and Mustard should be able to work with like I hate that they having to take that little Stance.


Nigga Kendrick is calling out Mustard name on records nigga. Yeah. And Mustard already other side nigga. Yo, Where the fuck somebody it was, it was somebody showed a party. They was at like a party party like some bougie shit and the whole, the girls was in there. Don't say party party no more like that. Some girls was in there like Must Up like the women baddies. Yeah. Was just screaming. I'm like, it was like, like at a gala. I was like, They they tried to do that at the next game. They had a little joint where the people were, someone was taping them, coming through the walkway was asking the players, you know when the, when when you say Muscle on the beat, what comes right after it? And a few players was like, nah I don't fuck with Kendrick, I'm a, I'm team Drake. Like it's to the point where they're making you decide at this point what side you stand on even down to the day.


Oh I seen that clip. Yeah This shit weird. Yo. It is word. It's weird. It's weird. Y'all out here like y'all ready to die for This shit. Y'all don't know none of these niggas word. Well some of y'all know 'em but I'm just saying It is, It is. Nigga just be fan. If you don't like the song, you don't like it. If you like it, you like it. It's not that big a Deal. Hey, I'm trying to find this video real quick with a Yankees fan stood outside of the Met stadium was cursing out. He said look at this piece of shit street. That street is bad over there. That is bad. He said this is the shit you, you left that for nigga. Nigga been the funniest. He was so mad you left that for this piece of shit. Look at the street. I'm like that's quick that way.


That is, That is a nasty. Yeah your peoples fix the car for like, like $20. Nigga. My people fixed the brakes because they do stop. Nick can go there. They in the Bronx too. They right there by Yankee Stadium too. They, that's racist bro. How's the racist? How's the, who fixing the cars? People who? My people. He tell me we gotta stop your listen. Stereotype is real nigga we gotta stop. Stereotypes is real. Mark agree with me. Stereotypes don't at me. This shit don't be a Democrat. They weld, they weld the mufflers together. Niggas make a whole muff flat of nothing. Scrap scrap parts. Some you wanna extend the muff and it's playing.


But how do you, you went into sports y guys into sports. How does that, what does this mean That Juan Soto, well hold on. Well can we make it clear? What if people don't know Juan? Juan Soto signed the biggest deal left the Yankees. Juan Soto was a part of the Yankees. He, they didn't have the money to keep him there. He went over the bridge and went to the New York. They had the money. They had the money. It was cool. They had the money. It was 5 million. But it what Juan Soto signed a $765 million contract for 15 years. For 15 years. For 15 years from what I'm hearing. Round will pause. Actually that's a lot fucking luck. And there's incentives too. More baseball. Huh? I went more baseball bats for my girl sons. Yo, you about to learn. We going outside now.


I was like yo, that shit was crazy. They initially, they said it was over $5 million, which it kind of was. But it was also like the structure of the deal. Like he got a $75 million signing bonus from the Mets. Come on y'all. $75 million signing bonus. Got you. I mean it's, it's, he got a great deal. I I think it was an idiotic move to lead the Yankees to go to the Met. Why? Well one 'cause now you up in the shit hole of a stadium with this terrible franchise. Don't Oh these Philly fans. Hold on. We on, we gotta, we gotta put context in this hold. But in fairness, I don't like the Yankees either on so I'm the most objective. I hate both of them. Terrible franchise The Mets, they weren't that bad this year. When of y'all paying Bobby Bonne? Oh, I'm just telling you. Oh Shit. Bring up some shit from 30 years. They state signed because they still paying now.


Listen, it wasn't yesterday. Listen old nigga Shaa Stadium is going City Field now, nigga. Yeah, city Field's nice. Yeah, city Field's nice. That's a nice stadiums over there. Upgrade holes. Brand new one. The holes in your fucking stadium over there in Philly? Yeah. Hold on. That's a nice stadium over there. It's better than Shade. Yes. City Field is nice. City Field is really nice nigga. You ain't been to the baseball game since you was six and you were in one of them scary straight programs. Nigga don't the brother's big sisters took him over there to show nothing. Part life. Did you bring Whitey to the game? I didn't go to the game. Alright. Yeah nigga, what are you talking about? She ain't let you go nigga. I don't need to, I don't wanna go to the game.


I'm Jesus. When it come to that nigga talk me nigga. You, you can't go outside. I can't, I don't wanna go outside. You do. I can go inside. I can go back home though. You can't. I can go back home though nigga. I'm always in the house and you don't recognize that motherfucker. You always got tin sofas in that bitch and you walking around. You live in a fucking showroom. That's right. And you not yet. And you walking around the mall with suits and shit on nigga like, and you walking around like an undercover cop. Man, I'm, I'd rather be drinking you that old nigga. I think he still look young nigga. Hello fellow young people. Listen. What's up? What's up young people? Lemme get two weeds. Go to church. You look like a shark. Go. I am.


Go to church and, and and behave yourself my nigga. You can't. I know how it feels. You lost this battle. I know. I'm not trying to have a battle trick. All alright. I know how it feels to be a nigga on lockdown. I'm not a lockdown. I can't relate. I can go outside anytime I want nigga. I can go outside what I want. No you cannot. I I like my house. Make sure you put gas in the fucking car too, nigga. Make sure you put gas in the car. I live in Jersey nigga. We put, we don't put gas in the car. What is this bad? Who about again? I don't understand. I don't know. He keep talking. I just, I just talked about the Mets, the Met. I started talking about Wine Soto and shit. Yeah, yeah. 21 jump sheet over here. Just jumped in. Mark, mark 21. The Mets started off bad nigga you paid how much time you took. Get shit to the cleaners nigga. Boost your shit up. Stop spraying your shit with staunch all my ass.


Nigga. You can't loose them jeans at all dog. Because I can't, you can't, you really about nigga. Alright, got I fucking chip down You poop. You want some fucking Jordan with them tight ass jeans. Okay, you tight as nigga. Stand up. Hey Mike, I'm cooking. Hey Mike. Mike, look we, because This shit is tight. I'm uncomfortable. I don't think you would have a battle about who Jeans is tighter right now. Mark This shit start a fire when you walk. Nigga. Bullshit. You got on motherfucker. What is it? Levi's nigga you bullshit. Come on. I got the same Pan Levi's. You can't buy Mad Levi's nigga. Stop washing your shit nigga. Get some new jeans. All right. My that's my man. Congratulations to Juan. Soda. Soda, congratulations. Juan Soda. I love this guy.


The most lucrative deal in sports history about the Met. Yeah. So, so he signed his great deal football players. It is amazing man. Seven $65 million is a lot of money. A lot. He said he has the potential to meet eight and change. But here's what is he That, is he that good guy? Yes. Nah, he tough. He's very good. He's that. Well I, no, he's, he's, he's, to me, he's nice and he young. I don't know if he That is he better than the, the Japanese dude, his trajectory is no fuck no, He's up, he's going up, he's going upward. But like how much money is enough? Like I if if if I'm looking between 700, 7 50, 800, what? Hey Mark, Don't come in here with your bullshit. No listen, I saying bullshit. Wait my man finish. When, when I'm done y'all all gonna agree with me. So before, before y'all get mad y'all, now I just wanna hear you out.


I'm Saying that if, if I have a chance to be, everybody's gonna give 'em over 700 million. True. Okay. So if I have a chance to go to a franchise that That is position for success or one that doesn't seem to be, I'm not gonna let $5 million be the difference between What if I have a problem with something over here at this franchise, what if what I wanna be the man here but judges here and I can't be the man, but there's 29 Of them. I'm saying there's a lot of places you can Go. What if what if what if I enjoy New York? I've been here long enough. That's one I like the ya What if I watched this organization start the year bad and actually still work their way back into the good spot into the playoffs. I could think that bringing my potential over damn we World organization and I, and I cement my legacy a little bit more by being able to do that with a, a organization like The Met Instead.


Fair enough. I don't drive the room with all the sports, but I'll just say this. If you got seven 50 m's, there's yams everywhere. There's no shortage of ya. 50 million Terms of his legend. Like, like he said, I you can be Spokane, you can be Idaho, watch The Heights. Listen. But if I bring a championship to New York, that's something totally different to the Mets. Mets to the Mets. Yeah. And that's what Kawhi Leonard said about the Clippers. That's what everybody says. They go to the, That's the way I disagree with y'all point. I think that if you thinking about legacy, you fuck with the Yankees. Right. That's what I think. I think that if you, if if if Soto goes on to stay with the Yankees for six, seven years and they get results, he goes down as one of them.


So you like Aro ain't duck the smoke 'cause Jetta was already seen into as the man. Exactly. I'm still gonna go there. And we both gonna be the men don't want that. Want that. Some niggas want to, some niggas That was Kawhi Leonard. He said I I don't wanna be a Laker, I wanna be a Clipper. Some niggas want they own spot. Look at how that work out for him. Yeah, Because you can't be the man when you are on the same team as Gah number three said it. I'd rather be a ride on the, on, on the Yankees than Aro was the man. I I'm just telling you. What first year when nigga got there, gimme that MVP. Yeah I'd rather be that. 'cause on the Mets you ain't, I mean the Mets are playing. Well they bet Charlie beat the Phillies this year but I don't And They got older that's gonna spend more. He spends bread. Yeah, he Spends but they dump a lot of bread and they always end up losing again. It's not like the, the Red Sox or the Yankees. Other teams that dump bread and win.


I just don't trust the Mets. That's, That's a lot of, that's a lot of older. And The Mets ever won a championships? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. 19, 19 86, 85 or 86 Chill out. Yo. That team was amazing In 1986. Yeah. Yeah. Ronald Reagan was President. Strawberry. Gooden Dykstra. Wally Backman. There was so much. Gary Carter so much cocaine was in, that's When the crack was on. Yo. They all did. Cocaine took a good Little yo, I missed them days man. Doing Nigga You was doing Crack back then? No, this was my favorite athletes did. He was Like, I missed them days Like he was missing. No, no, no. I never did crack. But I just love him by athletes. You know I just missed the old school days. I don't even like how you said That. That sounds crazy.


No, no. Too much money to smoke, crack, crack. Get You breathe fast. That too quick. My nigga works. You good? LT was going crazy that to Come on. I hope You right Lieutenant Dan you good? Yo. Yo. Is it crazy that I said, I said to somebody, yo, I ain't gonna lie, I never did no hardcore drug like that. But if I'm on my deathbed, I'm doing me some coke and some crap. You going do crack. I'm, I gotta see I'm going straight to heroin. Yeah, I ain't gonna, I gotta see I'm on a deathbed. We Out here. Gimme a drug neopolitan. Mix that shit up. I need the Fit with mine. Oh Man. Yeah. What? What you doing? Put a little Bit of ENT in there. Oh you want fentanyl too, right? Yeah, yeah. Oh no. We going to the Top. What do cocaine to The death bed doesn't sound lit.


You gonna be just like Little hyper the hype Yo nurse Nigga Malcolm. I think Heroin's the way to go with that. I'm trying to tell you That is definitely the way to go. Heroin too. For You. Yeah, heroin. Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. Niggas Is picking drug a choice for this death. I don't know. Ecstasy ain't your button. You hit him. That same me. You never to sy before. Nah Neither have I. Me either. I just, I know y'all be outside as well. Yo. You did a lot of shit nigga. You free. I never done ecstasy. You are, you are sick bro. Hey Yo. This nigga said I know y'all be outside If you be outside all the time. Ecstasy is like a something.


Nah, I didn. I didn't do you did Molly though before. I've never Molly. You did Molly Right. Nope. Get dope. I don't do drugs. I've never done none of This shit. You did Perks. I don't do drugs except Philadelphia. Philly, you definitely per, I knew you was gonna go to that Philly shit you did nigga. Yeah I just be on SLE Street just doing perks and Virus. Perk thirties too. The big joints. I don't do drugs. Only we bro Sprite with your rope Tussin or something. You did something. No I, I don't even do Rope with Dozen. I never did none of that shit. I try to dress, I'm boring as hell. Hey I try to, I'm so corny. I try to mix dab with Red Bull before and call it like purple stupid shit back in the day. Going to this trip. Come trying to, trying to make it catch on call Purple Bull. That bull. I had a logo and everything.


Oh you trying to, holy shit. You probably got the children's D tattoo With Little Do shit nigga. That shit was good. That used to be good. That see that's the detriment of rap music. Flip Old ass nigga watch fuck Mouth nigga D what you trying to do back in the day nigga Polo Get money. That's that's true. I tried tried to nigga it didn't catch all Ish. Red Bull nigga. Niggas look at me like Nigga like a bull doing D Tap and Red Bull. I did. I Probably stumbling. Acting like your own fucked D Tap make you sleepy and bull. Whatcha nigga trying be fucked Up. Right. What I'm Flip That.


What? Want, That's why you like that now. That's Why you like That I call stuck. You still dime tap? I called it Ima show you the, I call it the Purple Bull nigga. I'm gonna show you the the logo too but I Got it though. Yo. We know. Got it s that your nigga is BU's. That's it. That's even if I did that. So what nigga support me. I'm your friends never. Yeah nigga I'm not supporting you with no bullshit. What, what was, what was wrong? It's kind of peddling drugs to people. Still purple. My fault. What year was this? He tried to make the end y'all. Lemme ask you what made your brain think to do that? Because he couldn't get lean because I can't go into Vims and buy a sweatsuit. Oh Shit.


Oh Shit. Right. Wow. Fuck you that yo. Listen sometimes when you see the lean and you heard niggas drinking it and see how they act. Just you wanted to be down, you wanna be cool. I want, but I didn't wanna follow them. I wanted to come with my own shit but it didn't catch on. It was stupid. And y Lean ain't make them lean Y Lean ain't 'em stand up back in the day two It's two. It is two type of DAPs too. It was a full great one. That was good but I always fucked up and bought the other one with that. That funny thing. What other remixes you did on drugs? Man you tried to smoke some fucking, you did oregano or some shit. Some shit. You rolled some bullshit. You rolled some oregano. You look like the nigga that tea bags pizza sniff chalk.


You know that's s not that's the new shit. It's new shit. That's what the sped ed kids did to Smith. I I wasn't in those classes. The sniff chalk nigga. What class? I wasn't in the sped ed classes and sniffing. SP ed you can't really see you signs you in special ed nigga sign number one. You call it spit edge. A D on special. Yeah we call it spit in the, this nigga spelled special ed put a D on special. That's what they call, you know what's wrong with yo Yo. Hey Omar, how much time you got bullied as a kid?


S that niggas picked on you didn't He? Ain wedgies and all that nigga? Nah, I can fight. Look at you. I was, I was really good at fighting. I had a problem You get at fighting. Okay. They told me already you was not good at fighting nigga. Okay. Who's they in Philly nigga? When I was out there just now nigga at your bookstore nigga. You said dumb sound right now. That nigga said you, I was in your bookstore and they said you couldn't fight. That's Head dog. That's a story dog I picked up and asked him. Can't say again. I can't, I wanna get you, I wanna get individually picked up.


You good dog. What's the name of the book? Nothing. You good? Yo. Oh Shit. Oh. Oh I'm sorry. Oh my gracious. That nigga's getting picked up. I gotta tell you how niggas got picked hole. All we got niggas, niggas that over laugh and shit. What's the nigga that got picked on again? Edip piss. You thought it was poor But yeah it's good. You good dog. Shit next. The nigga tried to make his old lean yo. See it was Webb yo. You to be the new Webb yo. Oh Shit this nigga was in. Oh boy. That is y'all all right.


Funny y nigga we get a lot of bullshit around. Hold you. We called it in the hood. A t-shirt coming. No y'all. Oh that's definitely a t-shirt. Tshirt coming. It gotta be Jersey and Philly niggas together nigga in the hood. We called it that nigga shit. Was y'all like in the basement? Y'all We was outside. Y'all called the two. Fuck nigga putting niggas in the back hut. Yo m with you Fruit fry. You say fruit fries so clearly.


Chocolate milk. Y'all ate all that nasty pizza. Graham crackers. They didn't have graham cracker. The animal shit. Man That is funny. Yo, you the best yo. I ain't gonna hold you. You the best one nigga. Y'all good. That finish Y Got it all out. Yeah though. We you made a lot of that pizza too. It is cool. Nigga was fucked up with aluminum shit came out aluminum. That shit, we all ate that shit. Nah, I didn eat it with the ball ain't have in his class. They all and washing machines and shit.


That's, he's the back making him drinks. I'm keep it real. I went to a private school though. What I'm saying is for special kids, I went to a private. You went to For real? I went to private school. I believe you. Yeah I did. It was for certain kinds of kids. Hey yo son. It was mad private 12 at the time I went helmet. Ain't no team time. I gotta I can't hear you. Y'all all talk again. Got help That nigga. Nigga. Hell can't fix your head nigga the fuck. Talking about nigga, you, you can't wear a helmet nigga. What the fuck you talking about? You had the fuck the space C Hey yo.


And you Ish. Stop playing Ish. I'm Chilling bro. You walking into all This shit dog. Oh man. What did the vehicle look like that picked you up for Stone? Oh Shit, just checking. My mom dropped me off. That's number one. Number two. Oh, okay. And that, and that shit made noise too when they, because they used to hit me coming down the block so it made noise. She had me in Nova some bullshit. But anyway, fuck y'all niggas each each in closing. No, no closer. No. Fuck y'all niggas Ish. I'm gonna get you back today. I I'm no, you my man. I'm on your side. Nah, you ain't side on your side Jersey niggas together. I got you son. Fred Fry. Right. Fruit fry. I hate the talk too. Right Pace. Yeah. Yeah, I know Pace smell like mint.


How You know that ho that shit. Holy shit. All Mel take it away. Oh Shit. I mean I don't know if I wanna ruin Everybody's fun. Please Do. We don't have no choice on we Need, we need to ruin this fun a little Bit. Yeah. Have bugging out. Okay, well we discussed the Daniel Penny case. I think on the last pod the jury had basically gotten together. They were going to decide his fate. Well they've spoken and they acquitted him on all fucking charges. They Did. Shocker. Yeah. Shocker. Yeah. So not shocked. America and American America Kaka. Yeah. So anyways, apparently applause erupted in the courtroom after the verdict was read and he had a big old smile on his face.


There was fights outside though too. There was fights outside and fights outside. Apparently quote unquote some BLM leader has called for vigilantism in this situation. Haw newsom. Yeah, it's a mess. It's a little bit of a mess. It's a, this whole case was like ba like a referendum on mental illness, homelessness. And as far as I'm concerned, race. I just feel like in this circumstance, let's just say the Jordan Neely was white. I feel like the choke hold would not have resulted in death. I think because of just the perception of, you know, people, Yo I'm not gonna hold you. It affected me a little bit. I got a little more emotional than I thought I would. Me too.


And y'all know, I don't be really rocking with the whole, this was a racism case. Like it was that I think that it's, it's easy to look at black men and fear us and almost look at us in a, in an animalistic light. You know what I'm saying? So I think even the jury didn't look at it like he killed a person. I agree. Yeah. You get what I'm saying. Like I I don't even think they considered it to be like that. I think that if it was a black man that choked a white man, he'd be locked up right now. A thousand percent for sure. I also think that if it was a white man choking another white man, to your point, he would've let him go. Yeah, I agree. Once he would've lost consciousness, he would've let him go. I heard people talk about and what the news does, they'll go get a black man on purpose to defend that shit.


You get what I'm saying? Like, and so they found as many as they could and they had a couple black dudes that was defending him saying like, yo, he cut, he kind of didn't know fear. If you are trained and you've been choking somebody for six, for six minutes, my nigga gonna die. You know, like that. That's just it in a matter, in a matter of speaking, I just think that it was a racial case. And y'all know where I stand on racism all the time. Everything don't be racial. This was racial. Yeah. The jury was racial. I don't understand where the deliberation shit came from when they was talking about the mistrial the first time. I don't understand how we even arrived here. So basically he killed somebody got off of free, he had absolutely zero remorse because they showed him in bars right after they left him and his lawyers was out at bars celebrating, laughing, joking and all that other shit.


My nigga, if this just happened to me, I'm taking my ass home. Like I'm gonna go home. I'm chill again. You escaped something, you know what I'm saying? So I'm not gonna be out and about. You still took somebody's life. So whether you got locked up for it or not, you should still be remorseful and you should have some grief. And I think he didn't exhibit any of that. And I think that shit is trash. And I don't understand the jury. Not like you said, like not having any kind of empathy for Jordan Neely. Like I'd be interested to have heard like the prosecution's case, the Jury of his peers. I know you his peers. Yeah. I mean, I don't know what the jury was comprised of like race wise, age wise, gender wise. I, I don't really know. His lawyer went on count saying basically, and he, he said it sarcastically.


It was definitely a jury of his peers. Yo, I'm tired of people having all his compassion after the fact. He's dead now. He ain't here. So even when we have these conversations, I remember last, last pod, I I think, I'm not sure everybody had the same set, but Ice u were very big on Yo listen shit going on. I'm outta my, I These are the moments where it's like, yo, don't mind your fucking business. You right. That train is with packed with people. Cool. I get it. Let's just say homeboy was bugging and homeboy subdued him to whatever degree. There's enough people in there to say to that to ease up. All right, yo, you Got it, you did enough. Your dog. Yo you Got it. That mind and your business shit.


It it, it's the hypocritical shit that I see. It's not good for the moment. The moment when he needed the real help and really needed people speaking for him and helping him. No one had nothing to say. Whoever was there. I like, I start looking at those. I wanna know who those people are that you can sit there and watch somebody. I can't, I'm sorry if somebody else got on, don't get me wrong. I know there's moments where I probably should mind my, I can't watch nobody get choked out like that for no apparent real reason and then sit there and then go home and feel okay. Me as a, as a man, I just can't Do that. Let, lemme lemme reply 'cause I am big on the mind, your business culture and I'm with you there sitting there watching something that's not mind to me, that's not minding your business where you just sitting there watching, you're still playing some role.


You're a spectator now. Yeah. You're, you're you're watching, You know what I mean? And, and when I say mind my business, I'm, you know, getting off. I'm leaving. I'm, I'm, I'm one of them type of, I'm, I don't want no parts of none of this because in getting involved in something can lead to, we, we, we've given examples. Just getting in charges could, could lead the charges for you, lead for you getting killed or like, because you didn't mind your business. Unfortunately that's the world that I live in because again, my number one objective, Hey call me whatever name y'all want is to make it home. I understand that. So that's, that's it. I'm Just, I Want to address That part though. In those, you know, in those situations, yes. It's easy to walk away. Yeah.


I I would go home and honestly feel like, damn there's something I could have possibly done even to the smallest extreme, Yo, that's enough to yo that's enough To make sure that that Yo this start pulling him off the ball. If you gotta Listen, I, I used to see that guy. I I tell people all the time, I used to see that guy a lot all the time And he was like really diminutive too, right? Like kind of frail and, and thin. He was fra didn didn't see him towards the later years of his, but when I used to go to Manhattan and walk around and just want to write and so I would walk and you would see him out as a Michael Jackson impersonator all the time. Like anybody that's been out in Times Square, you've seen that guy. Yeah. So for me it's just like, I start to think, yo look, as a kid I used to get on the train and be erratic.


I remember me and my, my friends used to go on there, make noise, bug out, boom, boom, boom. Who, who's to say at some point somebody could have have decided that. And that's the point where you join us, that you Were a threat. You are really, really, really creating a precedent now where somebody can say, yo, that person was being erratic. So I killed them with no recourse. That's a scary, scary slope. Know And I don't think that slope would've been looked at the same if a black man had choked a white man. I agree. And I think that's why, that's why I agree with everything you just said and everything you just said. I mean I think part of It is how we're talking about the case, how the world is talking about the case because it's, was he racist? Was he not? Was he intending to be racist or not? It's entirely possible that, that he got up, Daniel Penney got up to save the train 'cause he really thought the train needed saving.


The question is, why do you think the train needs sa when you see that particular person? Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. And then when you choke him, why do you think he needs that much force? A lot of studies show that black people are read as stronger than they actually are. More guilty than they actually are more pain resilient. So you might actually think this black dude needs six minutes of choke because If we didn't get up, he might. Right. He might Wa yeah, that was the argument for beating Rodney King for those minutes. Right. If we had gotten, if if we hadn't, if we got up for one second, he'd have ran through LA and killed everybody. So it's not, to me it's not did he intend to be racism or not. It's how deeply embedded is racism in our society and in our minds that even when you don't intend to be shit like this still happens and then to am to Ammani's point, to me it's not just about sort of what we do after somebody dies.


It's how do we help and pay attention before, not not just when you get to the train. The fact that he's sleeping on the train. Living on the train. The fact, fact that mental illness goes untreated. You know, if we invested in mental illness and and houselessness, we would then not have a situation where a death sequence like this could happen. And if you look at Mike Brown, if you look at Jordan, I mean you go down all list of these deaths, a lot of 'em came when there's somebody whose life is screwed up because the system doesn't work for them. Well what happens is those are like, like the homeless mentally ill, those are society's castaways. Yep, yep. You know what I'm saying? That's like the trash. So if some, and I'm not calling anybody that, that's just the way society views certain folk.


And in that instance it's like, alright, it's all right if it happens to them because don't nobody care. Anyway, that's how the race Thing, that's why I said this is a referendum on all those things. On homelessness, on mental illness. And, and like you guys said, race. So his father Jordan Neely's father has filed a civil suit against good for him, against Daniel Penny. And, and see and that, and that's, I hate that. That's the I hate that 'cause he's gonna win. Right? They're gonna give him $5 million some shut up nigga money. Shut up. Right. And a man is walking around laughing and joking in a bar after he just got acquitted for killing my son. Yeah, You're not gonna feel good about that money. No, I still would take the money because again, they, I mean he's Not, he's not gonna get the money. Daniel Penny doesn't have 5 million fucking dollars.


So even if there's a judgment surrender, I'm probably gonna Sue the subway. Toom gonna, I'm gonna sue the mtm, the city of New York, I'm gonna sue all of that shit. Right. He gonna win some money because society's gonna dictate that he needs to be compensated 'cause he got no justice for sun. So he gonna get some level of compensation. But is it really compensation? No. And this nigga goes on to live his life. He was 26 dog or Yeah, he's a baby. No, Daniel Penny was 26. Like yo dog, he look like a kid in the face. He does let one of our kids do that shit E every time I feel like we win. Yeah. This situation, This shit affect. I am not gonna hold you. It, It take, it takes us 10 steps back. It affected me in a way. I ain't think it would. And It is and it, and It is unfortunate. Like It is really unfortunate because it's like you think that we're, you think that we're finally getting justice, it's a progress or something.


It is progression and this happens, You know what I mean? Society, it shows you the jewelry, shows you Show you where you at, how They reported it, all of that shit. It shows you that some of this, the racist, This shit, it ain't going nowhere. Yo p be be proactive Please. I Agree that that's when I, for me, when I think of things like this, sometimes the risk of, of something might be worth, you know, taking a chance because I, I, I hate knowing that that guy went out like that. Like to, I wanted to remember him as the guy that I used to see. Not the guy that got choked Out on the train. Yeah. So he couldn't And, and that person should be charged And there's A good Samaritan laws and shit.


I thought like, do you, if you observe some shit, you're supposed to intervene. They're state to state though State, you know, like Vegas imposed one, you know, because of this that happened in the bathroom where, where somebody watched it happen, a a young girl was, was sexually assaulted in the bathroom and the person didn't say anything and they were like, okay, we're gonna add a good Samaritan law there. There's some in the East coast, but a lot of states don't have them. And unfortunately it takes shit like this to happen before they say, you know, we need one. Do you think that I I don't agree with the Black Lives Matter. I don't know who That is. The person that said it, You mentioned his name Mark Hawk Newsom. I think when you talk about him, I don't think, you know, saying what he said is helping either No, like vigilante or saying that justice needs to be served and shit like that. I don't think that's, that's, that's just putting us back in a box.


But the Other Sorry, disagree. I disagree. Disagree. Only because sometimes that's the only thing that they represent. They, they respect. So now if you start seeing real repercussions happening, it's like all we So another, another black man dead or in jail. Do They respect that? Why do you think they respect that Violence? People respect violence. People respect violence. We do respect violence. They do respect. I'm not gonna sit here and be an advocate for violence, but I will say motherfuckers respect violence. Violence gets resolved around the world. This country. No, around the world. Well, yeah, but I mean, niggas respect violence. Violence gets resolved. There's two things that white supremacy respects the loss of money and the loss of life. I understand, man. But nothing happened to George Zimmerman. Nothing. Nothing at all. He, he was walking around, running around, Sitting around laughing, joking, bragging.


Nothing happened to him. That was ho's point. He said, y'all all talk about wanting to murder me. Y'all letting these niggas run around. Yeah, exactly. So then now he's saying that like, It is like, nigga, why don't you go do it? Don't disrespect. That's your people. Go do it. I don't know them. I don't, I don't know him and he's not my people, but I I or my fault. Yeah. I just know his name. But, but I, and I only know his name 'cause I was debating about him because somebody was trying to get me to defend him. And I was like, well no, his position isn't my position. Right. I don't necessarily even, this is what I say, we have to fight back. We have to resist. But the, the fundamental issues here are not between Daniel Penny and Jordan. There's bigger issues that I wanna fight, But you can't fight 'em. Right. So then, so then we gotta organize because I can't fight 'em solo. I don't, I And so people feel helpless in that and so they feel Lemme break some shit.


They no, they feel like you have to resort to a, a certain level of, of Neanderthal carnal violence. Yeah. Right. Because organization is not yielding results. All of the political action is not yielding results. We are not yielding results at the polls. We are not yielding results in, in legislative laws being passed. So it's going to be an I four, an I 2, 4 2. That's people's mental. I'm not saying that. Yeah, that's my mental, they're not wrong. But I understand where that frustration would lead you to think like that they, They're not wrong. It's just you have to have a tactic and a strategy. I mean, we just saw, I mean it's hard. Look anywhere around the world, you see all kinds of resistance happening. It works, but it can't be just me.


I remember, I remember we were in Ferguson after the Mike Brown uprisings, and it was me and a group of people and we were at the top of this hill. We were like, yo, we could, we could make a a a similar vigilante type move at this moment. And one of the people was like, yo, that's not tactical. That's not, that's not what grad, I mean there were, when you go to Ferguson, there were helicopters, choppers, grenade launchers. This is a town that had 16 cops. Yeah. They didn't even have dashboard cameras. But when the, when the, when the government, when it's time to turn up the, the, the government had everything. You can't win like that. You're going, can't win. You're not going, that's, you're not gonna win like that. So, so, So You have to organize. I agree. Yeah. And, and it might not, and and to me organizing right now is the laws organizing. Right? Right Now, not only that, but organizing for laws, changing mental, how we think about mental health and also educating our people.


True. Because most people with mental illness walking up and down the street are not threatening. They're not threatening at all. Even when they're talking today stuff. I mean, how I I, I mean I, I walk through Newark train station, which is the most, which is the terrible, most terrible place I've ever been in my life. And New York train station all the time. No, no. Am I li am I wrong? You are wrong, nigga. You are wrong. Newark, Penn Station. You've been to North Philly before, Nigga. I'm, I'm sorry, I'm trying To put my town. Shit. Street, Newark, Penn Station. I, I've never Everywhere. I haven't been everywhere. But that shit scared the Fuck. It was the worst thing I've ever seen. When did you go there, ma'am? Free time to cosigning. She lives in New Jersey. Stop. I do nowhere near Penn Station a Mark. Stop right now.


Mind your fucking Business. So I Where did you go? There? So I did a Google search as to which one was closer Penn Station or Newark. And then the fact that I was, yeah. So it just made more sense for me to go to Newark. From where You live from where If You take Amtrak, You live from where I live. From where you live, it makes more sense for you to go to Northville Station. Yo see station you A liar. You could get on a nine minute Yo. You always, You can get on a nine minute ferry and go to Newark. Yeah. I gotta Come on Guys to tell him where I live. Shit. Rest in peace. Nicky Giovanti as well. Yes. Really? Nicky Giovanni Died. God, I've been under a fucking rock for Like three days.


Yo. Yo, Mel. What? Stop. Okay, listen. Geographically, maybe I got some shit to learn, but just plus, why was I gonna pay the toll to go through the tunnel? Just to go backwards. We know, but just don't offer it anymore. 'cause it just, when You right in the front.


Hey, look at it. Look at, okay, Break. We'll be back and we're back And we back and we are back. We are back. Our bike, they caught the killer. Allegedly They caught the United Healthcare. CEO Killer. The, yeah, the vigilante Ei Magni allegedly, man. So y'all believe in conspiracies then? It's Mario and Luigi and all Yoshi Fucking Bowser. Somebody lost their life here, guys. No, no, no. We know that part. I'm talking about The other side of that. You know, there's not a lot of people that, that Are sympathetic to that Shit. That sympathetic about the, I mean, we should be, but there ain't too many people care. I'm not even saying that. I'm not, I'm, yeah, I'm not gonna say that.


Yeah, I'm talking about, I'm just telling you the killer, the healthcare professional killer. All horrible. There's a lot of, you know, that. It's just a lot of shit they they doing to people. Yeah. A lot of shit. I read something That is just a lot of shit. I don't know some manifesto that came from him, but I read something on Twitter that was talking about his mom and shit like that. And it was just, they say he set up some Other shit too, like to be released on different date. Like he got yeah. Set up shit for YouTube December, December 11th, he got something coming out and shit like that. I, I, you know, I don't know, but YouTube deleted his page anyway. Yeah, they had to, yeah, They caught that nigga in McDonald's, man. They Did. And Altoona, Pennsylvania, Which makes sense. He, he, he spent some time in Philly. Your State bugger.


It's Been a weird week here. Well, he's a Maryland native respectful, so he's not from Philly. Right. So maybe he was just passing through and getting a little happy meal or whatever the case is. The bail Out. He went to Penn too. I mean, he went to University of Pennsylvania. He went to Penn on The roll. And this is one of the most interesting killer stories I've heard in a long time. Like, and there's so much lore around him from, from the, like y'all talk about last episode, like the gear that he wore, You know what I mean? He was throwing that shit on the Fact it was a 3D fucking gun and silencer. Right. And, and he's like a heart throb on the internet. I mean, It is, this is very interesting. This is the most sympathy I've ever seen America have for like a cold-blooded murder. Oh, it's fuck. It's eat the rich. Yeah. That's what's happening right now.


That's exactly what It is. Yeah. I'm, and I'm, I'm with it like the, the, the bigger conversation, not the, not the killing him part, you know, I actually was really frustrated at all the, the death laughter and you know, this is somebody's father. This is somebody's son. Right, right. This is a human being with a family. And so, and, and he's not the reason why healthcare is fucked up, you know, and so I don't want us to celebrate this and go back to keeping the system the same to me. Like if We gonna talk about this and make all the jokes and all that other stuff, we gotta look at, you know, a system where people are getting denied medicine or people are getting kicked outta nursing homes. Exactly. That, that's the shit we should be talking about. So a lot shit going on in gets, I understand why people mad. I understand why people don't care about dude dying. I understand all of that, but I just hope we get past that too.


But he's going to be the most celebrated killer in prison for a minute. Yeah. Well he's been charged in New York with second degree murder possession of a loaded firearm, possession of a forged instrument and criminal possession of a weapon. But he's also been charged in Pennsylvania with charges of carrying a gun without a license forgery, false falsely identifying himself to authorities and possessing instruments of crime. Wow. So They just threw all of them dumb charges. Yeah. And all they threw Philly. You know, Pennsylvania wants some shit, right. Anna should of Commonwealth. Right, Because if you commit an open, So they didn't give him a first degree murder charge. No, It is interesting because this was the thousand percent premeditated.


He made a fucking gun. No, a lot of people make guns now. Took the gun there It is seeming like he made it for No, he walked up behind the dude from far over here and popped him, Walked up you to, so you had to find him. You have to know where he's going to be. This is the definition of premeditate Premeditated. So I don't get the second degree charge. Then walked up on him, completed the job, completed the mission, got away. Allegedly he had three bullets written with different words on them. Defendant had the s that that basically described how he felt about this particular dude or this particular dude's company. If that's not a premeditated murder, tell me what the fuck is.


I can't because it seems very premeditated. So so What, what are you getting at Ish? Because I hear you and ICE talking about that the person that they may got is not the killer. Oh, I'll tell you what I'm getting at. I don't believe that at all. I don't believe that. I don't either. Not at all by the Way. You don't believe that it's him? No. That he's the killer. No, no, that's the fault. It don't really look like him to Me. It didn't look, it didn't look like him to me neither. Really? No, but that, that's not him. I'll tell you straight, I I don't care if it was that guy that matches the mask that they said that. Yo, I just think that if you are that calculated in attempting to kill somebody New York City, bro. Right. He did shit that allowed him to quote unquote getaway.


I think that you're not as careless as pulling your mask down and doing some of the little stupid silly shit that he did. I just don't believe that. You Know what's interesting is like when we first saw the photos being distributed about his face when he's flirting with the girl. Exactly. At the hostel. You know, what was the first thing I thought of that I didn't say? He's Cute, hot. No, That is not what I thought. Sorry. Even though, but I thought, you know what came to mind the for vendetta, that's what came to mind. That move. Yes. Because it's all about creating anarchy based on like a fucked up system. True. And the mask that the guy wore, that's what his face reminded me of.


But I just was like, But he only had a what he what type of mask? What the, those Fucking No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm I'm talking about his actual Face. He had the shirt Face. Oh, Okay. I see what you're saying. Yeah, I'm talking about his actual face. Like just from like that because it was, he was hooded at the time. I understand. So Don only, you only really saw like the bottom part of his face. But it just, it reminded me of like, you know, that kind of that sinister smile that the guy in VI I see for Vendetta was wearing, you know, and so it just kind of tracks him having this manifesto and doing this based on what he thinks is, I think it's really weird to a heavily corrupt system murdered Someone and then walk around with said murder weapon in your bag And you are the most, the manifest person on the east coast, damn near in the country, probably in the, in the country at that point.


And look, you kept the manifest though. You kept the gun. Just look, look the silencer all your notes, But the How you felt. But the Cops are not the ones that found him. You Got the manifesto, you got all This shit lined up on YouTube and all of this to happen, all triggered by dates and and times. But it's not premeditated either though. Still. Right? So lemme ask you a question. So what's in it for the fall guy? What's in it for this young man who graduated from Penn, who was I think valedictorian as well? Who's on the honor roll? What's in it for him to destroy his whole life? Tell tell me the opposite if you saying that it's a he's the four guy. So what, what's in it for him? I'm with you. It's A, it's a couple things. One, he might not be nothing, might not be anything. They locked a bunch of niggas up falsely and there wasn't nothing in it for Them.


Yeah. I think niggas, I don't get me wrong, they be cons, conspiracy theories, but I think sometimes we just like throwing conspiracy theories on shit. We just to make it more interesting. That's the fuck. Yeah. I think this nigga just bugged out and did some shit. Didn't really think it through, thought he thought it through and then didn't go ahead and fill certain gaps and went and got a McChicken. They, they, they were showing his that he didn't have a uni brow, but niggas cut their uni brows all the time. Yeah. It's like This shit. So he cut his uni brow, but they ain't throw the gun away. Got it. Souvenir. He cut the uni brow in a attempt to escape. He put gun on eBay. He didn't know he was gonna get caught. He wanna sell a gun. This is the gun. Yeah. He didn't, he I didn didn't put the man up Ish. He didn't know he was get caught at McDonald's or maybe he wanted to get caught or maybe he wanted to get caught.


Nigga, if these are all, If I wanted to get caught, Something's not adding up. I agree with y'all. I just don't know. What do you think he wanted to be a Marty, do you think he wanted to get killed and be a ma? Maybe I I, people who do these kinds of killings and then get caught in McDonald's often want to be like celebrities hero. But The reality this is he left New York, he's in a totally different fucking state. And he was not caught by the cops. They were, these were keystone fucking cops. They had not found him. They, these were all witnesses that were in McDonald's. Like, yo, that looks like the motherfuckers. Exactly. Yeah. So they got a tip. So they had not been able to find him. But That's, but that's usually how they find people. I mean, th this is what I say. Why you just saying get Well, yeah. Wait, hold on. Wait, wait, wait. What's so funny fellas? Lemme ask you a question.


If I want to get caught caught, why am I leaving New York? First off in the city That's under constant surveillance. I could get caught without having to go through all of this. So Where did the nigga go actually did It then? Yo, lemme ask you a question. Lemme ask you a question. Hold, can I ask your question? Job well done. Soldier salute you back on your job. You, you they don't know the fuck you are Y nigga don watch lion s No, you need to, but listen, great show by the Great fucking show Back, back guitar finale. Yeah, we do. That was the, Yes, go ahead. I don't like to me neither. Go ahead. Something's not adding up here for me. Maybe y'all can explain it to me. So, 'cause I I I no they can't get Conspiracy theories. Oh, lemme ask you a question and I am too. I just don't know what the conspiracy is.


Let ask you a question. Could you have picked that man out if you would've seen him in your McDonald's line? Yes. You are fucking lying. Lying. You a fucking lie. Why not? We've seen his face on the TV all week. Would you have said yes man, you would've been like all white men look the same. Know what I'm Saying? Very distinct features. Yeah, he has Features. Yeah. Like the uni that wasn't there. What Do you mean what the fuck are talking about? Has eyebrows Features? Yes. Only you looking at him hot and bothered everybody else. Not the only one. Sorry. I'm not The only one. Sir. Can I get, sorry, you want, you want fries with that? Like I'm not thinking about that nigga if I work at McDonald's not But he listen I'm just saying McDonald's Over there too.


It's not like it was McDonald's right here. Yeah. What do We talk Pennsylvania? These photos. They release these photos all over the news. They release these photos nationwide And you put it and burned it in your mental Rolodex. How You think a lot of niggas get caught? How you think people when fuck it does happen. They do sketches of people how you It is in their mental Rolodex. That's how people are able to describe somebody America's Most Wanted draw a sketch of their I Ain't gonna hold y with them on that get because after nine 11, all niggas thought they saw old boy everywhere. Who? La No, they did that. What they did. Yeah, they did. Nigga. Are you crazy Bin Laden they thought we saw everywhere or Yes, they were making fun of Muslim. You thought that nigga was in Newark, man At the train station. I know At the Newark train station.


That's right's. I'm saying. Oh yeah. Fuck, Fuck. As We talk about, yeah, the six five, that's Muslim with the turban. That's my point though. We just thought was everywhere. That's What I'm saying. You get calls in about, I think this It is bullshit. It be bullshit. Well Here's the thing Is I'm kind of leaning with with them on No, they could have said he looks like the sketch. They go in, they find out, oh he's not the guy. But can see why you would've thought that last how long Particular guy order the McChicken and get outta McDonald's is what I'm telling Down with somebody. That seems To be the man or the lady who called from McDonald's is thinking about the next person in the line. You I'm having a shitty morning, the coffee burnt my hand. I don't wanna be keeping ice cream machine broke. S good lawsuit.


You all roll. They forgot my hash brown. Yeah. Like yo Dog. That's the worst I could Nigga. And I watch a lot of murder, death kill shit. Niggas know get caught by By spectators. Exactly. So when cops go out to like investigate, like, you know, when, what was somebody's last sighting? They'll, oh, last saw them at Starbucks. They go to Starbucks and they interview like all the baristas and shit like this. This is not a, this does not, this is not a far cry from reality for me. I, I'm, that's where I get conflicted. Right? On the one hand, this looked like a, at the beginning a very professional hit. Right. Looked Like, huh? The timing of it. The silencer, the all The knowing he was going be there to even catch it. All This shit. Right? All This shit, the bike, But then over the next, the city bike, all of that, right? The the No, I know how to go get away in Central Park.


Right. All of this things have been huge. All That looks professional To a point that all, we don't have no cameras. Amateur shit happens after, after you actually achieve the mission. That does sound bad, but No, but but hold on. But hold on. No, going in before he actually completed the mission where they went back and looked at the surveillance cameras, he did tip his mask down a little bit. He did some things that didn't seem professional. So I can't tell if this is an amateur who's, 'cause he's an engineer really smart, who did some real professional shit on the one hand. Or I you if there's a professional who got away and now they're making somebody else to Patsy. I'm saying they both seem possible to me. And Maybe he's a motherfucker that played a lot of fucking video games. And that's what I'm saying. I'm saying it could just, it might just be the most obvious thing. He might just did some dumb shit after a lot of good criminals do dumb shit afterward.


And he's not a professional criminal. It, in 2011 they called Whitey Boger after a 16 year manhunt. They caught him. I knew you were gonna say that in California somebody saw him. Yeah, no, I see this fucking, oh, and he's old. 16 years later he's old And He'd been on the lamb for what, like how long? 15, 20 years of Shit. Yeah. Oh, I see this guy that looks familiar. That's somebody y'all looking for. Come, it happens. It, I Believe you. This nigga's face might have been embedded in your brain for the last 16 years. This nigga right here is fresh off a three day murder and out to Face. But his face is everywhere though. But his face is everywhere right now. It is his face everywhere. But it ain't the clearest Of faces. It's everywhere. I wouldn't recognize it, but I was In the lobby. I wouldn't know who the Fuck that gun was. Boss you would've recognized in the Lobby downstairs.


I another white nigga At the pizza store down the block, bro. Yes. I'm just telling you. Right. But there are people. Yeah. Like see I Wouldn't know that nigga. That'd Be a racist. But, but to the bin, Latin Point, some people are hyper aware of it and they call on everybody. So I don't know how many calls they got of people saying they did See nigga, they look like Parks. What you talking about? Not look like Parks idiot. He ain the black guy Parks was for a couple days. Yo, He ain had a fancy curly beard. That nigga looked like Parks. I mean I I they are, there are pe there are people who are that nosy who are that that's What I'm saying will call And they might have called on 10 other people that day for sure. They, and they might've gotten the wrong hit Hint and called on somebody else. So It Is possible you wanna supersize that.


I mean, Wait, but it wasn't an employee who called, right? Yes, it Was. Yeah, I think it was, it was An employee. I thought it was just somebody in the McDonald. It was an employee that called. Oh, they had rookie cop number one come through. Hey sir, have you been in New York lately? True. And they said did dude, that's the first question they asked. And what did dude say? He got defensive. His body language was defensive. Come on dogs. Come on dogs. Yeah. I'm not rolling Man. Come on. I don't. I am. He's a 26. I see. Why you skeptical You ain't shooter. Nah. Word. You never He's 26. I hate y niggas. Goodbye. Yo. He's 26 years old. He is from Maryland. He with to Penn. I never saw Shooter. No. What? Mark. Mark Wahlberg. No, We can't keep having, it's okay.


Different. Say it out loud. I don't like, I have a Mark Wahlberg too. I got a Marky mark issue. That's why I do too. That was intentional. Family said that basically when on shooter, the dude's picture was out damn near before they had any details. So Ish, they they knew what hostile he stayed in. You couldn't find him. But you knew what Why we wouldn't know. Let's moving along nigga. Stay Ish. How would you know where to go? Look at what Hostile, if you don't know who this, Don't call me a name. You want to call me a name? Watch to fix yourself. I didn't, I'm sorry. What I'm saying is that It is a lot, It is a lot of cameras around Ish. You can go like they, the the way the city is set up And that lends to my professional hit that he escaped.


I moved away all of the cameras. Yes. I escaped them. How if he got caught in the, in the fucking hostile, this is what I'm saying, Tuna pencil. No, no, I'm talking about the before the shoot. He was in the hospital. They show him there. They saw him in the Starbucks. They show him at other places. How do you know that was him? I don't, I again, they Told you it was him. The whole thing. I mean they Could have put me up there and said, yo, this is the guy right here. We got a picture of him going in to Starbucks over here. No, We would've thought that like, nah, that's stupid. Nigga was with us. I would've been like, eh, I wanna you nigga you up on the news Nigga. Yo, they could, they could tell you anybody. You gonna believe it? No, that's what I'm saying. If, if we, if we're beginning from the premise that everything law enforcement is saying isn't true, which I'm fine with, then yeah. It, it could be a whole conspiracy.


But if we, if we are saying that the guy they told us killed this person and the person who's on that video is there, this is not a professional. This is somebody who knew how to get a gun, who knew how to do all this other shit. Which makes sense. He's an engineer. He has a master degree in engineering. I'm just, I'm just like, what's the purpose of the copi? Like typically when you have a a conspiracy, there's like something bigger at hand. That's what I'm saying. Like get bigger Could seed A company that brings in hundreds of billions of dollars a year. I mean, So that's what I'm saying by himself in the middle of the night in Manhattan, we on No, I'm not. I get that concept. Just explain to me why that type of fall Guy. It's above our pay grade. He's Stop watching TV bro. Okay. And y'all are the doc kings and queens.


I don't understand how this is so farfetched for y'all and for the fall guy. Y'all ask what's in for It? Is we not charging with first degree? Yeah. I Had a good life before. You might not have had a good life. You might not have but recruit. They recruit. You might and I might. Good luck. I'm keep it ball. Hold on quick. I might have caught you doing some other shit. Yeah, I was just gonna say that. I might have caught you doing some hacking shit. I might have caught you doing some other shit. And now, so take the second Degree Charge. You take this, That is that first degree murder all day. By any definition of first degree murder. I need, I, I need an explanation from, from prosecutor about why this is not a first degree murder. If if your evidence for charging him the other charges, the fake id cri all the things, all Leads to the murder. All but And to premeditation. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.


And, and malice. A forethought the intent to kill. These are all things that You do. You fam you wrote on the bullets. The, the, the the Delay Deny depose Delay or defend. Delay. Delay. Depose. It's okay. The bullshit, bullshit bullshit. Yo, yo, I, I feel like a lot of conspiracy theories like you niggas man, It is nothing that we can tell you to make you believe what we say. Yo, Listen, we never gonna know the truth. What's Interest, what's interesting is it says that he's the grandson of a wealthy self-made real estate developer and philanthropist. And he's also the cousin of a current Maryland state legislature. For, for him to be really pissed off about He went to U Penn.


Yeah. Right. Yeah. It's the Ivy league schools. It's The one of the best schools in the country. It is, yeah. Go Ahead. So for him to kind of like have like a disdain for, he had a back surgery Corporate America. Oh that was It. He had a back surgery not too long ago and they found his roommates immediately and they all started talking about his back surgery. It's weird. Too many was was so about his mother. So it wasn't that article that I Filed. They said he had a back surgery not too long ago allegedly. And they interviewed all his roommates and all that shit. I did See something about his mom having some circumstances. Yeah. Three surgeries or something. But, And I saw something else where it was saying at age 26, I think It is, you, you, you're no longer if you were a student, you're no longer under your parents' healthcare.


Right. So he could just crazy. The anger comes from that. Like now he, He he wrote that the US has the most expensive healthcare system in the world. That profits of and that profits major corporations continue to rise while our life expectancy does not. This is according to his handwritten notes. And it also said that he called Ted Kazinski a political revolutionary. Ted, Some other Ted Kuna. Bomber. Bomber. Yeah. He just look, he wanted to get away. They got him if you wanted to get away but he just kept all his bag. He should have went to Taco Bell or K ffc not calling cops. They don't call the cops to go No, just Uber Eats or something.


Go to white cast. You gonna send Taco Bell. Go. They not employees are never call the cops Burger King too, nigga. They you good. Altoona don't got no chicken shot. What he should did if he really was trying to get away, he should've just went to a Jamaican spot. Yeah. Might been been. They rule This shit they ain't pay attention to nigga you gonna be in there for two hours. So not talk to no beast boy. Not Stop man know s not know nothing. No stop. What you talking about man, I talk to Babylon Beach boy Face two yo.


My shit, yo. The police would man nothing Stop From, pardon me? She said we Got to Try to sell police ox. Yeah, there you go. You no Information before you even ask. Ask yo before you even Ask. We're not giving you no information. Yo did. We ain't Got it. Exactly. Exactly. Fuck that nigga. All racist Caribbean woman see allows, Hey Yaki, they got a Chinese store every corner even in Altoona.


Go in there get your dumb ass fried rice. They not saying nothing. Call Ain't saying nothing And you in and out real fast. Real fast. Real fast. Get your Bugging. You want some duck sauce? Yo fuck is you talking somebody. Sauce Stop barbecue sauce. You the only one that do, that's the barbecue sauce, ketchup and hot sauce. Who the fuck we only one that do s That used to be my thing after school. Why nigga don't do that. Chicken wings, french fries, hot sauce, ketchup and barbecue sauce.


Oh that's good. Oh that was it. You gotta let the hot sauce marinate for a little bit. You gotta let stand. You stand there for a while. Right. I don't eat it right then and there. You gotta let this hot sauce get all in the and it was and it was kept in nice little styrofoam. Shit. Styrofoam. They need to bring the SFO back, bring back styrofoam, bring back, bring the cancer back. Listen Cancer back nigga we still got cancer. The food we eating gonna give us cancer. You might as well just give us the whole can Too. Get a cancer combo. Bring back the styrofoam. We need it. Yo. For some reason No, it kept the food hot, warm It kept it fresh. That flavor in there kept crispy. That's stupid ass plastic shit. I hate that shit man. Me too. That shit is disgusting.


I like the paper shit. The Styrofoam was salt. The styrofoam was seasoning. It was seasoning. That shit was good. This shit shit Be so hot. The styrofoam to melt it. Yo. We be so better like that. We be so selective on our poisons that we want like nigga gimme the styrofoam. Gimme the over that stupid ass fake plastic shit that they got. I prefer that nigga. I got a whole cabinet with them. Shit man. Styrofoam. No with the plastic Shit. It is My or tell All that shit man. Why It's bad for your body? It's bad for the bird. I like, I like the little paper ones With the handle I those with Metal use With a little metal handle.


Yeah containers. The hood that Ain't got that. That's just the plate you can open and turn to a plate. We Ain't know we ain't have that in the hood. What? It's a plate. You take the handles out and when you un unravel it and open up it's a plate. Yeah It is a plate. Yeah. That's why it's made like that. I never did none of that shit. I just off. I don't eat Chinese food from the hood. I eat chicken fried rice and four chicken wings. Nigga chopped up all up. I don't Do that shit no more. Man. Man. Make chicken wings affordable again too. Nah my Shit. Bonus pair ribs. Yeah That's not pork. That's not pork. You pork. We don't care though that that Could be rat. I don't care. It might be, Hey yo, this I'm a New Yorker, have good Chinese food. Everything That fresh Chinese food ain't good girl. Nasty Nigga.


I need to, I need to see that's cats go to what's name go to High Dynasty one 'em spots Like in New York or in Philly like spots. Listen, no hold on. Big Big. He from Newark, New Jersey. I ain't eat no fucking Chinese food. This shit if if The menu, if no M mss G you you, you can't get that. No it Has to have MSG and you need little kids In there. No all the fuck on nigga we That is disgusting. We do to no MSG. No we don't. No we want GM G on the duck so I don't Go there. I want MSG. Yeah the garden. That's what make it good. You want the garden in Your food. Yo Madison Square Garden. I need That. I need that. Yo. You'll eat the Chinese food so good nigga you stop to eat it right then and there Chinese before you Nigga egg spring roll.


Fuck them s good. They don't eat that shit. What? Don't eat None of that shit. They don't eat that. You go in there. I'm done with Hood Chinese food. You go in there. Them nigga got the table. Ain't none of that shit up there. Well no That's not true. You will see them eat some rice and they'll do the green And all that. they.eat some white rice. They'll do. That's it. They're not gonna eat that shit. Y'all eating the beans. Probably that's why that's for me. Nigga got fish with the head on it. Y'all niggas eating that nigga. Hey yo. Enclo real quick. Enclosing man they got, they got, they got the suspect man. He's been charged. Let's See where this goes man. Praise everybody that's involved, all parties involved. Sure. You know what I'm saying. Believe what you want but mainly people who got shitty healthcare Ute to McDonald's word. That's really the crux of truth. And and on.


So if you wanna go Copi conspiracy nigga. What? McDonald's, McDonald's is up now in the sock. They caught the killer in Did they get I gotta any held the motherfucking Happy meal with Simba on it nigga. So with all that, I swear to God 'cause they doing the the the movie the new, we didn't mention that either. I was about to mention that. We didn't mention that to slu Blue Ivy. Blue Ivy Blue Ivy. Blue Ivy shot the blue Ivy. Yeah she she's in the New Lion King Mufasa Movie. Mufasa and Both her parents showed up. Yeah that was dope. It was a beautiful moment On the red carpet to see that Beyonce was looking like something too. You can't watch a nigga wife like that. Come on You outta line bro. I'm congratulating the man this taste. You said Beyonce was looking like you can't you outta line. You said nothing to J. That's why you hide your, that's why you hide your girl nigga.


This this. Why you hide your queen? Huh? Because what you, because you don't want niggas commenting your queen like that. Give a fuck about them man. I bring out, bring around Shit against the protocol. You bring yours around nigga. I have. He has once. Bring yours around now. Next bring yours around once. So what I'm just saying you can't tell who Yes I can. No you cannot. Yes I can though. You can't Compli, you can't compliment a man's wife nigga. Especially if you Jay-Z Fed. You can't nigga you outta line. Yo. I don't even look I was What's the nigga named? Hardwood Hard. It's hardwood. It's hardwood hard. Sorry. Hard. Okay hardwood. Let's go Rick. You like freak guys Bother. They ask about you all the time. What they ask about you? The people like yo shout to Joe.


Every time they shout Joe. They always gotta shout of Melyssa. They don't say nothing about me Ish. I say none of that. Yo. Shout to Joe. Oh Shit. Tell Melyssa I say hi. Oh I don't like that shit. They like all right cool. Go tell it yourself. Yeah. Ish. Ish. Hardwick. Huh? I'm saying somebody was looking good. His Beyonce was good. Talking about Jay had a nice suit on. Really nice suit. Actually I seen a picture with Bulletproof Victoria, Monet, Tiana Taylor and Janelle. Monet Foa. I Was where was at? That's Hy Happy Birthday. Happy birthday to Tiana Taylor Today is her birthday. I think that's what it was. Tiana, we love you.


Happy Birthday to my sister. I love her. Yeah they look Amazing. No bad lawyer man. That nigga's, hey that nigga's a pervert though. Who? What? How You don't respect nigga's girls and battle. What are Complimenting? Somebody looks, I disrespect Say she looks good. That's it. I said that Beyonce like three Of them look good. Like yum Hy all that fucking you did get the dirty old man voice. Yeah nigga. Nigga we was talking about Mu foa so they, You know what I mean? Yeah. Want you gonna see that movie Ish? What? I go see. Yeah. You gonna See Mo Foa I Ice Probably bring your kid. Yeah, If I have my older daughter, I'll take her to go see her.


My small daughter go see Mu On ice. You know he gotta go see the other version of This Shit. Seen all the other versions of shit. Malcolm X ice was bullshit man. I never went to see Michael X, Malcolm X on ice. It is wild listening to the people. How nigga on us idiot? No ain't a real thing. How you even found that son? Malcolm X. That's the Portuguese shit bro. What you talking about Malcolm X?


It's not Malcolm X ice. You asshole. What was it Malcolm Rock. It was MLK right? It was a Broadway play about Malcolm X. It wasn't a, was it, was it but you, was it good? It wasn't on ice. It was a musical. It was, it was a play. Was it a musical? Yeah. Was it We on Plymouth Rock. Was it good though? It was like, was it better than BB King shit that you saw? Oh she saw BB King, Louis Armstrong. Louis Armstrong Thank you shit. Why you don't love us? Do they have the guns to sing by any means necessary? They was turned by the window. Hey yo, one of these days niggas go get some culture. Right. No time soon. I don't play. When it come to Malcolm X, them niggas do not play. That's outside.


That represent for X. Yeah. You they are pressing Nigga press up. They press me before they are pressing niggas in no disrespect. I don't play around with Malcolm X nigga. So whenever Malcolm on Ice, that shit was fired. They don't play. No for real Mark. Am I lying? Mark? They take that shit serious. He didn't even that niggas running down on you. Y niggas ignorant. Yo. That's funny. Him. Y'all niggas is ignorant. What Malcolm what did you see though other you talking about? I saw Malcolm Opera Jordan. Oh that was good. That was actually Oh, you saw it too? You saw it? Nope. No, no I didn't go. I'm I'm, I'm on the board. That was good. I'm on the board of the Malcolm X Center and so we, we sponsored it.


That's why I was saying that fire at the Lincoln. Yeah. Yeah. I couldn't make it that day. We couldn't make it out. But yeah, the Lincoln Center, you on the board or the Malcolm X Center? The Malcolm the Shabbat center of. Oh, okay. You always in the Lincoln Center would put me on the board. You always interested shit. Nah, Lincoln ain't Lincoln have you. Nowhere near, he may not fit that. Yeah, they wouldn't fuck with me. Lincoln ain't fuck with me, but Malcolm X does. Yeah. Oh yeah. His daughters shout out to his wonderful daughters. Nah, that's gonna be dope. And how was it, how was it working with them? Oh wonderful man. It's like a dream. It's like a dream. Malcolm X is my hero. Yeah. He's amazing. Yeah. You know, and so to work with his daughter, IA, who's the chair of the board and all that, It is really dope man. But doing great stuff in the community for Malcolm to keep Malcolm's name alive, especially up in Harlem is beautiful. And the event at the Lincoln Center was one of the amazing events. I didn't know that's what you're talking about because you know, I didn't go, I didn't make it 'cause I was, I was, I was sick.


But Malcolm Ice, right far from what actually happened. I didn play around. We triple Lindon shit. Stupid. Yeah man, shout out haw. Just get your laughs off and laugh quietly. I'm not making no jokes. They, you too. They don't play with cut to Malcolm Parks. I love Malcolm. I Would never, I love Malcolm's Amazing bunch of man. Listen, is there anything else that's near dear to our hearts that we are missing? Oh yeah, ahead. No, just one quick thing. I, Kendrick Perkins was reporting this morning Okay on ESPN that his sources of saying the Lakers are that a Lakers are saying that if LeBron James wants to be traded, they won't stop it if, but he has to come to them basically and say like he wants to trade.


Is there a rumor That he does want to be traded? He wants to trade. He said he might want to go to Golden State. Yeah, That's one of the rumors going around. He hasn't directly said anything but Golden State is one of the places that he's, he's suggested he might want to go. LeBron Just retire. Yo, I was gonna say, Doesn't he not going to Golden State? Yeah, I'll watch that. Why? Because they got a bunch of young niggas we could use. It is good for ratings but it's a terrible, It's good for the Lakers. Well who's we? I'm a Laker fan. I'm a Laker fan too. So it's like I don't see that This This, this is the problem with light-skinned people. Lemme explain something. Go ahead. Tell Yeah, go, go ahead. Give them niggas They front runners man. That's, that's 'cause you, They don't want no hard times. They duck the grind. They duck the smoke Man. Cowboy Fan. Wait, wait. You forgot the, you forgot the Cedric's abolish Years and the Eddie Jones years and all the, I didn, I didn even listen to like We had hard times.


We just don't have 'em often. 'cause we have an actual organization. How we have had hard times for a long time. 41. So so you in your lifetime you've seen like five championships. No more than that. Like five that you like were alive for I've seen five laca championships. No, no, I've seen, I've seen more than that. And you've seen like, like maybe 'cause you saw some of the magic ones as well. I saw some Of the Well, yeah, for me, let's Say five. I'm saying five. You right say five. That's what I'm, I'm I'm How many Chips Cole got? Five. Five, five. That's What I'm Saying. And you saw the bubble ring. Six stop. Oh, I forgot about the bubble ring. That's six. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't count that. But yeah, I all like, nah. But anyway, all that to say, the point is you talk about Newark York all day every day. Jersey. That's Jersey. That LA is really fucking far from New Jersey. So You're from New York.


You heard of the Knicks? Yeah. You remember, you remember what the Knicks was like in the, in late eighties. And then they got, don't get me Wrong. Yeah. They were terrible. So light-skinned people, that's when they, that's when they Defected Skinned got a dude. They def defect. They they ducked the smoke. They the crime. You, you equate that to skin tone. Yes. Oh that's crazy. L people Be simple. He right Flip. What the fuck are we talking about? Don't See this is the problem with Us now. Dumb shit. This the problem with us Now. Y Because dark skin nigga, this Us is the People. Yo listen crazy Now to how About when I was young, magic Johnson was my favorite basketball player. How about when I was young? Tony Dorsett was my favorite football player. So as Tony Dorsett, wait, I'm a cowboy fan.


You a cal. So at we wasn't shit nigga. I used to walk in every Monday and the whole class would laugh at me. Being a cowboy fan wasn't easy. So don't act like I had a a this lovely road being. You had a Lovely road as a Lakers fan. Yeah, but we we had our better road. We had our times though. Different times. Yeah. Lakers have been in the NA finals almost half of your life life. No, they have, I'm 48 nigga. Yeah. No, they have How many finals have they been to in your life are 12, 10, 15, 10, 12. That's a lot. Okay. One. I might be not even that many. 25% of your life. Who's your team? Philly. The Philadelphia teams. Because I'm from Philadelphia. I ride with my team. I don't abandon 'em when it gets difficult. Get Nobody did that either. There's not an a abandon an LeBron nigga.


We was one in 15. I was getting laughed at every day. There was no abandonment. I I'm, I'm talking about the lake. I didn can, can I, can I tell you cowboy shit is re can I tell you, when I started watching basketball, really watching, I was on the East coast. That was the years of Jordan. I didn't go and run to the Chicago Bulls, which would've been the easier thing. I was a Magic Johnson fan. We're all the Bulls fans. I Remember crying when they lost that first championship. I hate them too. Like no, I just, I liked Magic Johnson. So I stuck with him and I continued to stick with that team through. To me that sounds like more loyal than just picking a team just outta blanket The bandwagon. You jumped in Mark. I'm gonna tell you why your argument kind of fall flat. 'cause I'm not light skinned and I'm a six er in Steeler fan.


How Many, how many championships Sixers won in your lifetime? None Shit won the year I was born I think. Right. So we not really count. My point is, you just saying you didn't duck the grind. You pick the team that never won. He the Lakers is picking the Lakers and picking a team that always wins. So why you discounting the Cowboys? I don't know enough about football to talk about it. Well You know I'm not football. I don't watch football. That's that kin shit. Okay. Thank you. Wow. We did it. We did it. Y we We Miss Faye gonna fuck y'all up. We did it. I just want y'all to know. Shout to Miss Faye. Sleepers. Sleepers. Yeah, That's what we got man. You got your sleep Already? Yeah, I gotta kick it Off. Right. Do I have my sleep already? No, I don't have sleep. All right. I'm Going Big Jersey man. I'm going Big Jersey. This is red man. Don't want to see me.


Rich brick city. Let's go bring this thing back. Cocky back. Paul. What you he port. Hey ladies and gentlemen. Woo. Get on your hustle. Babies. Jail nigga hustle. Never punch a clock for a job. Boy. Job. Too busy making money with the tribe. With the tribe. Cross my t's and.my, I got the I my hustle mo in overdrive. They just don't wanna see me. Rich. Rich. So I catch 'em all. Slipping for a lick with money counts. Get broken down into a zip. Yeah, my money off to the scale on the fritz. Bang my circle of people. They hustle hard. Hustle hard.


Cash money. No credit cards. Yes sir. I learned a lot watching credit card sauce 30 years in rat. Nigga I want it all. Hey yo. I'm doing all right. That's good. I get an attitude when my money ain't right. If it's over 35,000, you could either PayPal or I'm on the next flight. That right Nigga haters don't wanna see me. Rich don't wanna see me ridge the team don't want see me ridge. I put they all back down when they hit the click all back down. When he hear the click. Hey I don't collect checks on the first. On the first. I wake up, I'm putting in the work, in the work. 10 percenter gave it to the church. I did that selling out on my merch. On my merch. The homies be looking for a jet, a fitness man. Pay all the homies with a jet.


Talk to him. Work smarter, not harder. That's the goal with a poker face to mother count, never fold real time generation into wealth. Save your money More. Less Gucci on the belt. That's right. Swim high motor. The bake from Mike Phelps. Only what could fuck it up nigga is nigga they say money is the root of all evil. All evil. I say the root of all evil is the people come on. The boss try to talk to you in direct. Yeah because he look at you as a threat. Get money. Yo. I'm doing all attitude. When my money ain't right up 35 you pay or I'm on the next play. That nigga haters don't wanna see me. Rich haters don't wanna see me ridge, your team don't wanna see me ridge I they all back down when they hit a click doing alright.


I did an attitude when my money ain't right, get us over 35,000. You could either PayPal or I'm on the next flight. That nigga don't wanna see me. Rich hat don't wanna see me Rich. The team don't wanna see me Rich. I bet they all back down when they hit a click. I bet they all back down when they hit a click I they all back down when they hit a click, click hit click. And That is don't want see me rich red man, brick city. What up? What Up? Shout to Reggie man. Good to hear. Good to hear Reggie. Man he's been killing the Instagram freestyles too. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna go to some j Cole. He played this. This is off the truly yours mixtape. This is Ken. How at you a little emo but fuck it.


I don't care Because He went crazy on this. Looking At Lauren. Yeah over the Lord. Shit. One day I'm gonna understand. Whoa. Hey Can I high at you? Can we high at you Special.


Never forget the day I met you. We was destined for each other like a son to his mother, Uhuh sister and brother. Man is bond is deep. We go a couple years and don't even speak but know what's love though can never let him dirty. Your name. I got the utmost respect for you. Came back home and had to check for you. Word around town is you locked down some older snatched you up, gave you a rock nab. Damn it could as me. She like if you was me, you wouldn't wait for me living fast and wouldn't master the brakes for me. Big city, slicker nigga on a higher track, bigger nab. But when she send a letter, always write her back in time. Reveal. She feels that she settled too soon while she seen me go for Mazda. She admire that we speak about time as if we could just buy your bet.


If only it was that simple. Damn. I miss you. Can I holler at you? Can I holler at you? Lemme holler at you. Yeah I know it's been aware but ain't no better time than now. Can I holler at you? Can I high at you? Hey lemme holler at you. I know it's been aware but You betrayed me today. You played my mama. You played me. Can't believe I let you in my heart nigga. I shoulda have followed my instinct. The stranger in my house only five years old. But since danger in my house, I was too young to scrap you. But damn if I ain't want to, I'm blowing up fast than I hope he worst haunts you.


13 years knew you more than my real Pac put me on the Pac and all the rappers that kill cops. Who would've thought that you would leave my mama a higher drop Last words to a bitch nigga. Why you lie? Feeling bitter. So these words might seem jumbled when you left. I watched that lady crumble. I know by now you probably your old man but still I feel I won't be satisfied until we throw hands for all the ass whooping heard you trying to talk. Tell that punk don't call me. You ain't shit. And I'm scared it rubbed off on me. I holler at you. I holler at you and let me holler at you And Yeah I know it's been a web but ain't no better time than now. Can I holler at you?


Can I holler at you and lemme high at you? Yeah, I know it's been a while but I heard you on that shit. I hope it ain't true. It was hard to holler at you last time I came through to barely recognize you. Nah nigga this ain't true because you ain't looking like that nigga that I one snoop and plus you act like you don't know me. We was homies. Now you call me by my rap name. See me do my thing. So you expecting me to act strange ain't hollering but you on my mind nigga I don't forget the good times nigga white t's in the club. Jeans back as fuck. Sometimes I look back on my life that was the happiest stuff we had potential to be monumental, real mentality. You know that old killer beat kill mentality.


I look at where you at now. It's a real fatality. It's where you supposed to be. It's on top. Close to me chasing holes like the old days. But now we overseas dog. Congratulations on the sea. Yo my nigga can I holler at you? Can I holler at you? Let's, can I holler at you Jay Cole. I fuck with that. That shit is amazing man. Nah, Jay Cole, he kind of went crazy. He went super crazy. Shouts to Cole man. Yeah go check out the podcast man. It's really fucking great. I'm going to, the song is called The Audacity and it's Lizzen with Jacquees and Rob 49. Okay. Hey Yeah. You Know what?


Be crazy. Never Go roll with that one. What's up with you? It be crazy when folks wanna call you crazy but they the main one playing crazy in your face. Liz had The Audacity to call this bitch had The Audacity to text this bitch. I mean you had The Audacity to kiss this bitch, let alone The Audacity to sex this bitch. Oh man. Yeah, Yeah. Pen before This shit out was him. I pipe all my bitches up sitting they they bags and pot tents. My bitch do give with no waste. I spoil a bad applying pressure. We ain't gotta fuck you. Tell my man don't think that truth for Nixon. You ain't for him but you for me. I ain't for you. I'm for the street stressing me out. You better leave. I'm gonna dog off the lease. You know when I come from outta of time I'm fucking out your sleep. You know you my man bitch for when I leave I'm doing me had The Audacity to Bitch Had The Audacity to text this bitch.


I mean had The Audacity to kiss this bitch, let alone The Audacity to sex this bitch. Oh man. Nigga on trash. He about to get his ass beat. Why you playing with my fuck with my feeling? See I thought you really loved me. You proposed you got down on one knee. I guess that ring ain't mean heart mean I It is.


Bitch Had The Audacity to text this bitch had The Audacity to kiss this bitch let alone The Audacity to sex bitch Job before This shit out was him. I pipe all my bitches up and they need bags of pot of tennis. We knew Is Is. That's The Audacity. Listen Jacquees and Rob four nine. That was hard. That was hard. Big Mel. Mine is by Aaron Frazier. It's called Have Mercy As much shit I played it before but I don't care you. I love this. I don't care. I played it. Oh wait, wait, wait. I got something else. Don't care. Tough. Don't care. That shit fired. It was like a year. It might've been two years ago I played this.


Oh then that wouldn't have been bail. Bail around, bail Around. It's a great record. So he put out tape his ear that's fired too.


But I never been so before. I just wanna so much. You see That is The smooth sounds of Aaron Frazier with Have Mercy.


That Shit, that shit remind me like Smokey Robinson. Yeah, he smoky esque. That was fine. That was fine. Yeah, he's super dope. Mark, you have a sleeper. Armani's got one too. Oh you know I be forgetting about the That's that's disrespectful. Forget about the one nigga who actually done But you guys could fight over It. I mean you just started really doing, you just started doing Sleeper. She's doing, he started doing a lot of shit up here. Huh? Oh Shit. See I like it Mom. Like freaking done. Y'all finished. Alright. My sleeper is Pissing in the shower. You might, you might. You might win.


So you be losing a lot. Piss in the shower sounds like a slap. You lost the biggest shit in your life boy, didn't you? Yep. Rest in peace. Peace. My sleeper is me. ATL, Every, that's fire. I ain't mad at that. Oh Shit off. Cool. We on the same side. Fuck that nigga. I been focused on you and I think we should, Girl.


I know how you feel. I know the change ain't Feeling good. If I go you, That is it to replace. If you send me back to the streets, I'm back to the old.


I think we should. I think we should. That's Imani ATL Fire. What's up with the move to Atlanta? Shit, you good. Like you want some, you trying to explore different options. It was, it was. It was a moment.


What, boy, like I know sometimes, you know when we get a lot of, I heard when you get a lot of sex, you, you may want to, no disrespect, you may wanna explore different things. You in some type of freaky shit like, but how do you, how does that correlate to think about it when you have time and don't come back and attack me when you put it hits when you have time. What's up bro? You gotta sleep it baby. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It is. It is from one of my favorite albums. This season Cord Day's album. Album. Album. Man Shots. Cord day. Thought she about to play Cassidy or something. Not. That's next week. Summer Drop with Anderson Pac. Mm Oh. What happened? What happened bro? That ain't Parks no more. Yeah, no it ain't.


This shit happens. Parks is fucked up right now. Got a black eye. Yeah Man, My bad Little concussion. Concussion man. Headaches. It popping with went the church's Pentecost candy painted new a Polish spin on it plus hydraulic summer drive, nigga Nike sweatshirts Picking pockets. My hop cup, we ain't got Summer Drop. I'm in my other drop from beanies to buckets. A hundred bucks in my polo socks. Remember with Summer Drop we was at uncle spot. Three niggas with nothing to do but wrestle the slap box. Back when the Summer Drop would cut me from practice by ninth grade my 360 waves was splashing, saving up the cash to get some fubu that's playing them fat boy with braids A ones and glasses.


When the Summer Drop, I wanted to make beats and rap. My big brother said I need the NPC for that next summer. I was cooking up a Easter batches. I used to feel for that. When the summer I back, I guess I'm good no for that. When the Summer Drop, it popping with the church's Pentecost candy painted new a spins on it plus hydraulic summer sweatshirt. When the summer dropped, I worked at the barber shop. I swept up the hair from under the chair, cut and talked a lot. I saved up the whole summer. That's high. I got school clothes.


I bought some pumas in some fake chains. That was fools gone my nigga. What you know about those hot summers? No air condition. My niggas got rare ambition but pain and para division. I done lost so many homies and summers I cherish living. Nobody cared to listen. They suffer from their decisions. Never hit that seven 11 on Benning Road while wearing them trendy clothes. Pick up niggas like gimme do til the season they robbing and scheming to knock your block out. Just make sure you safe when it's hot out. Nigga niggas knock sweatshirts picking pocket, small hopping ringing cup. We ain't got no fucking summers popping. Pentecost candy painted new spin sweatshirt.


We ain't got fucking pent Summer Drop, That's Cord day Summer Drop with Anderson Pak. And I believe Jay Cole produced as well. He did a couple of records on that's Core Day's album. That's the definition of keeping your head down, minding your business and getting to it. Yep, That's right. Yeah. Gotta respect it. Yo, good show y'all. Yeah man. Good show It is excellent show. Excellent show man. Yourself's a little round of applause man. Thank you Mark. Mark tried to put, see Mark tried to put me in the headlock and whisper you doing your thing.


Like nigga don't try to give you no headlock man. Good, good show man. That's how we do it man. Shit. Yeah, take some props man. That's cool. Nah. Hey Mike. Flip man. Nah, I don't like props. It add adds pressure. All of our love with Joe too. Yeah, for sure. Y'all. We love you Boy. I know y'all, your viewership is, They don't care. But y'all Don't get fucked up. We do. We care. We care. So nigga boy. You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean as long, I mean he put it, he put it together and we stepped up to the plate. Exactly. We put it together, we all stepped. It is a teamwork man. This shit is teamwork. And today was great show. I like when e come outside smiling nigga. Even a nigga. Yo Everson fucked me up today y'all. I was sitting on the wire, the nigga didn't even tell me. Excuse me. He came and pulled This shit from under me and moved me.


I didn nigga. Nah, he don't be playing when coming to This shit at. I bump into one of the cameras one day. That nigga ran outside with a banger. I nigga watch happened. Camera. Yeah, I kicked that shit by mistakes. He said, oh my god. Damnit you hear in the back. Oh fuck, fuck. Oh my bad. He don't have no like middle. It is extremely nice or extremely aggressive. Yeah, I like it. I respect that. That's called producing though. Yeah, It is man. Shout up to y'all. We got a little bit of Breaking news real quick. We could probably talk about on Patreon but whoa, whoa. But NBA young boy was officially sentenced to 23 months in prison, prison and 60 months probation. Okay, so You probably get into it in Patreon, but Let's get to it on Patreon.


It could do a quick rest in peace to the legendary Nikki. Giovanni great for sure passed away yesterday the age of 81. One of our legends returned to the ancestors sending love to her and her family. Rest. Peace for sure. Hey Mark. I was doing some thinking right? Like work. Oh Shit. It's okay. It's okay. Are you, are you, yeah I know you have to say. Hey I'm gonna get yo, I'm gonna turn up. I'm gonna turn up and Rene gonna take it out. I'm gonna ask you a question mark. Are you fully like for the culture, like sometimes you dibble and dabble like and D Yeah, I mean you i'll dib dab nothing man. Proud of you.


What up? My wife coming in, they gonna be salty. Omar not coming in. People was tweet today Us Omar in there right now was going back and Omar gonna be up here. We we rescheduled. You know? Know and we, we gonna do that and it's gonna be a good conversation. I can't wait either man. I'm looking forward to it. You be ready, you, I'm watching you. Oh, I'm solid. Hey y'all listen nigga. Classic show nigga. We are here to work together. One team, one dream. That's it like that. I like that.


Got it for me. Shout Corey too happy too. Corey got 15%. Nigga. Nigga new young niggas happy. Niggas like it out. Yo. We playing for the week. Anything going on? Yeah, I plan on going to deep down in Pennsylvania. You go to to See the guy. You Go to the McDonald Tuna. I got some plans to do going to Pennsylvania do some work. We got improper improv tomorrow. Don miss it. We do have Impro improv tomorrow. Yes, yes. Ah we Got it. We got tomorrow man.


I plan on doing that. I, I plan on going to Europe and I plan on gonna Argentina before the month is out so. Oh Shit. Dope. Dope nigga here. Dope man. More a month is out Fire chicken. You rich friend got some work to keep, keep fire chicken nigga. Nigga I gotta study in Argentina. They whitewashed Argentina. I've been doing a lot of study over that. The bottom, A lot of the Nazis fled to Argentina. Yeah. Foots on ground. I'm, you know Queen. Get that to the bottom. Careful, careful for me. Argentina, you acapella. Go ahead.


Continue. Go ahead, go ahead. I don dunno how the rest of that shit goes. What you doing this week? Working? I gotta tape an episode tomorrow of Hot and Bothered. I just, That is new studio? No, at my soon to be old studio. Got you. Got you Fight anybody yet? Huh? Fight anybody? Not yet. Damn crazy. Yeah, It is crazy. I like that. Any plans, any? Nah, I ain't got no plans working, traveling. We going to the poll night. Hopefully they'll finally watch. This is Luther Vandross documentary. They doing special screening up at the Apollo Spy. Really? Yeah, It is. It is. It dope. I've been stalling. No, and I'm saying I how you feel? That's, I'm saying that's dope.


This shit, you had me hype this down, yo. Listen, I be in, listen, I be in Harlem a lot and, and Apollo has been doing a bunch of dope events, lot of dope shit. Like literally for us to really want to be a part. They let you back in Harlem. Oh you go. Gotta use the bathroom again. Look, nigga gotta use the bathroom. They let hold on. They'll let you, they let you back in Harlem. Excuse me? Because before they, you know who, who before they, they escorted you. No one escorted anything with me. In respect to I the cameras on. Nevermind. I be getting intense. Yo. Let's go, we let we look, we let y'all jvp tuning in. Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. No Biden. J-V-P-J-V-P play with two P without the GP.


Got it. Bitch. It is got a bladder issue. And at three 15 too or Oh hell yeah.