
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Let's play Reservoir Dogs. I like that. Good suggestion. You know what Reservoir Dog Is absolutely one of the best dis tracks ever in life. Huh? What's that? Stop it. Who got this hit record.


We are not Damn. You caught me. Who got dissed? Nobody. It's not a Dish. Don't worry about it. So you guys missed it? Oh Shit. She tried to play that card. Oh man. Nobody knows why y'all are laughing. I, She said that Reservoir Dogs Are now said Reservoir Dogs is one of the best Distracts in history. I'm just saying it wasn't recorded. Oh, Okay. Well now they know it Was, but it's fine. It was recorded. Oh, it was recorded? Yes. Yeah. Oh, see, great. I'm sorry. Exhibit A, I hope. Shit, they on your ass. It is gonna be my Kobe and Phoenix game. I'm that, that's all. Yeah. Anthony Edwards.


Can y'all just act like I'm not here Please. Okay. Because y'all starting to annoying. No problem. And I don't want to get annoyed. How's everybody doing? Feeling great. Good. Great. Awesome. Feeling good. Awesome. Awesome. Mel, you got an extra glow to you today. Do I? Yes. Yeah, You do. And First of all, you came in smiling, shining. I did. Spoke to everybody. You know What I mean? About the bag of cheese. Shit Was lit. Right? Came with the pan. Right. She walked in and said, where's my theme music? I did, shit Did on the walkin. What would the theme music be? Yeah. She Said, what? You want us to She said The Champ is Here. The champ is here. Oh. Let me see if that's in the Serato for Big Man. Yeah, the Champ is here.


Have you heard it before? I, yes. I ever heard that was Whether you caught the Subliminals. I mean, there's no subliminals. It's, it's like it's it's blatant. It's outright. Yes. There we go. Alright. Skewed up. Skewed up. Whenever you ready. Uhoh. I Ready. Uhoh Been ready. Oh shit. Born Ready. The champ is here. My shit A lot. Add some more to that.


Come on. That's just a, yeah. There you go. Yeah. Alright. Mel has touch, pulled out A ice cream. Mel has pulled out her Gracie Award and it's kind of heavy. She curled it. He took it from crack to rap. Now you put out some anthems. Hold up. Make some noise. Hold up. Make some noise in here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Poie. Who? Too quiet in the room right now up. Act like y'all been around a Gracie Award winner before. Ain't nobody else ever pulled that box out, nigga. That's right. It's a fact. Freeze. Yeah. How do you feel? I feel, yeah. Do you have a speech?


Well, mark already acknowledged my glow. Yes. So that, that might be part of the reason. Oh, That's not the speech. Maybe a little bit. That's not the speech. Well, I would Like to thank everybody for, you know, for, for acknowledging this win. I would like to thank my cast here for constantly being supportive. Give yourself a round of applause. Thank you. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Alright. Climbing. I would like to thank the Alliance for Women in Media. Thank you so much for this prestigious national award. Thank you very much. And I'd also like to thank my haters who are very, very motherfucking quiet right now. Haven't heard of Peep Outta y'all motherfuckers. Not a motherfucking peep. And y'all are gonna be so Sick of me. Well, because maybe they don't know what the Oh, You, You right.


They, You Right. They probably don't know what this award is. They probably have no clue what this fucking award is because they will never get into the motherfucking room to win this Award. Reverse card. Exactly. That was very good. An award that has been given to Oprah Winfrey to hold a copy to fucking Gayle King and every else. You, everyone And Melyssa Fucking and Melyssa mother talk About it. Okay. I also noticed something. What Did you Notice? Notice you got some new earrings. Who bought them? I was watching. How did you notice them? Who Brought it was shining. Her shit used to be cloudy. I like she are shining out the box.


I can't see. So, Hey, make some noise, man. Stop playing with big mail. You didn't buy that yourself. I, you know what, as a matter of fact, I did. I bought them as a congratulatory gift. Really? To myself. Shout out to you, Mel. Talk that shit. Shout out to it. Looks nice. Love it. Thank you. It looks nice. Please don't lie. Just I might give you the money to buy it. Let some old school shit. Oh yeah. Yo, buy yourself gift. That's it. Felt like anti Gracie to ask that question, but I was wondering that. No, no. I bought them as a congratulations to myself. You went into Kas, I mean K's. Did you go into K's? I did not go into K's. You went to a jeweler? Yes. Okay, good. That's it. Looks nice. I'm proud of you. Shout out to all the women in the category that we beat. Shout out to all the women in the category that we Too much to name.


Yes. Absolutely. Yes. Yes. 50 of them. It's too much to name but you. Too many to name. Yes. But yes. What's the category? The category is, hold on. Oh, You don't know the category. I know. I'm next year. We ain't give shit. I'm reading the official engraving on the Gracie Award. Sure. You, you just be accepting Chase. Hey, Thank you. That's hate. That's hate. But it's okay. Give a category. Okay. A don't d Don't dab him up. Don't dab him up. You right. You right. I take my D back. No. Okay. I withdraw my dab way. Thank you. Aw.


So happy you all naked to see me. No, you are Mel re Hot and bothered with Melyssa Ford Original online programming video podcast. That's what that says. Engraved Dope. That's the Category. Yeah. Thank you. That was the category that I won. That's, and there was a lot of incredible women in that room. Lot of amazing stories. I felt. I felt, well Who else was in the category? I felt like I was amongst my ilk. It says it doesn't matter who was People. That doesn't matter. Everybody that says Honor being nominated. Yeah. Until you win. Samantha.


Samantha Dodgers Ba The podcast about Stop the Hate campaign. Come on. Just congratulate your little sis. Just congratulate You. Right. It is a great Thank you. It is a big honor. Where, no, It is. Wait, wait. Sammy, me Proud. Extremely proud is a quick, what'd you say, mark? For an award for It is an all for Women, right? Yes. It's the organization is the Alliance for Women in Media. Yes. That's dope. Why do they make the award so phallic? I was just genuinely curious. Mm. You think it's, yeah. This is actually, you know. Is it a woman? Yes. It's a woman. That's a story. It's based off of Grace. It's a grace. This It does look a little bit. Looks a little bit. Turn it around from, looks a little turn around.


Okay. Now I like the, okay, I, now I see it. You Guys are, you guys need help From this angle. I can't see a woman. It just looks like now I see it like a woman now. It looks like a, or like a ice cream scoop. Yeah. That part. Like Aand. Yeah. Man, I'll skip my inappropriate joke. Why join in in the fun Pizza cutter meat? There's only one way to be able to tell. Look at that shit. Yo original online Pro shit is crazy shit. I'm proud of you. Thank you. That's dope. Yo. Yeah. Yo, you proud? Yo. So I went and bought myself a case for all my future wins. Ah. For the Gracie. Like you're just straight going for Gracie's. Oh, no, no, no. I'm going for all of them. I'm going for all of them.


NAACP Webby. I'm going all of them. NAACP is a tricky one for you. What? What, what, what side are you gonna stand, ma? Tri color. Thank You. Cut him off. Help me ma. Help me. Deia is for color. She, she's she good? Oh yeah. Okay. I got you. Yeah. You good? Thank you. Hey, she's black so she can win an na. Oh. She could totally win an naac. I mean, she's eligible because she win it. That's without, without Paola. I don't think she in the, There's no such thing as Paola in the naacp. It is all merit. It's all merit Based. Call me. Okay. Everything Melyssa Award she's gonna get is gonna get beat. 'cause she's earned it and I believe it. I thanks. I think you can get all of them. Thank you. I actually was thinking bigger. Don't you think Webby though? Like go beyond.


Well I, that's what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. E Ego. Yeah, E got Well you act you. That's what I'm saying. Like you could, you could get Oh no, no, I'm just talking strictly about podcasting here. Oh, I see, I see you on Broadway. We just letting Mandy know what's good right now. So. Yeah, I I actually have been off Broadway though. Oh okay. See You right in the, you're in the rub. You're in the game. I, yeah. You know. Yeah. Thank you. You put out a little spoken word album or something. Now you got the e got tied up. You right there one time Round Applause from Melyssa Ford. Who doing who? Fucking Thank You all you bitches that we don't know about We never heard. Which is Five views. Melyssa Ford came and smoked throughout the park. We are proud. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate That. Thank you. I appreciate that.


One Of the best twist tracks ever. Who, who? Who got this in this record? Man, It's subliminal. You gotta Listen carefully. Absolutely. I never thought about that way. Yeah, That technically works. But I she body this shit. Mike, Jack, Fuck that. That's How this funny, like who's he talking to? Yeah, somebody. Somebody that's a dish. The streets wild fucking kids. Yes sir. This that means I took them off my mind.


Y'all talk shit like little children, bitches walk up in the I poison. Take the shots to fall. Nothing to lose. Just slow groove. Swear team. You would think fuck Down. Y'all know where I need one of y'all to be a DJ in the club.


Club. Good. If, if, if I get a DJ in the club over this right now, I'll go body something outside. I'll go outside and slide something. If somebody just starts screaming right that second over the song, I'm gonna go air something out. Telles Back enough coat to last a few weeks. You got it. Best my name best You.


I probably do in the box. Happy birthday kid. Why y'all what up out There? This rap shit don't work nigga to me. J them niggas on your ass and them bitch streets Chub. We heard. I heard Nigga Nice. And the price is much Cheaper. Yes sir. You gonna buy it. Put it in the bag. You gonna try it nigga Kanye West back to without my large hard, No matter if I'm opening up. Go man. Come on. Speed limit red. No I ain't got it.


Bedtime. Anything I'm on is a classic. Any nigga ever had beef with Son is a bastard. Anytime I spit fit as Ella your heard, we got the game. You know what I mean? Keep this applause going for the best crew in the universe, man. Get these drops out the way real quick.


Excuse me sir. I'm sorry. I have to wait. You, you a doctor. Who was that? It is Flip and Mel. Mel Mel. Alright. What episode is this? 8 29. Welcome to episode 8 29 of the Joe Button podcast. I'm your humble, grateful, gracious Holly favorite host Joe Button here. Not for a long time either. My my boys play tonight. Yeah, that's a fact. My boy. You know what I mean? Gotta be in front of the TV tonight. Dodged a bullet on Friday, nigga. I was about to show up at your door talking shit if they, when y'all was down 20 I was lacing up my sneaks dog. I know you was feeling sick when you thought they was about to be down three, but that's when we really started playing.


Oh God. That's what y'all was waiting for. First team in the play by play era to come back from a 20 point Jefferson three times in the playoffs. I mean, come on man. Yeah, come on. It's Nick stuff. I told you. Worry about summer camp scouting reporters. Looking at the young players, seeing what you're gonna do with that third pick. I mean, lottery team shouldn't really, You know what I mean? I you know what, you got me just two more. Two more Games shows you paces in five. Listen, we comfortable on a row but we'll talk about this later. Yep. Indeed.


This episode is brought to you by Fuel. By Power by PrizePicks PrizePicks Gang.


Here to my right. Come on man. You know the motherfucking vibes. Gracie Cie with her acting like she was on the highway but she was really in the crib. Huh? Because I went back and listened to that episode. Get the lies off Miss. I'ma bake the mac and cheese in real time and you guys are gonna taste it in the park. Round of applause for the winner. Miss Melyssa Savannah. Thank you. Thank you very much to All right. You know who I am. You know what I'm about. Talk to me. You know what I came here to do. The JBP we are here. Queens motherfucking flag to my right light-skinned man is back.


Huh? White man can jump according to him. But if they do they break they limbs. I hear you. You know who that is. Nigga Rooftop Miss it but still look good 'cause of the Eyes Library. Ronald Applause. My man is So here's right nigga. I wear shorts with a hoodie nigga. 'cause I know what's goody. The Mr. Peace at home. She know what time It is. Huh? Shades Shade. Shade. Shades Walk throwing shade, riding applause from our nigga. Free big freeze is right. You know what that is? Escape the coat. Escape the coat and got his doctrines. Nigga his masters even. Go get it. While he was in there, he had to leave.


He survived Homelessness nigga. He big Miss Survive. Homelessness. Stop. He's the nigga that beat the bear. The he fought the band won intellectually. Nigga for my man who has people on his night school show doing shit while he runs up to donations. My man, Dr. Lamar. Mark Lamar, we got the best in the world. The best in the world. Why you think we sound the way we sound? We could yell and the fucking levels be the same. That's a round of fucking applause for the German engineer and my man. Pickety Parks. Thank you.


Happy to Be here. And everybody else. Ute Ericson. Peace, peace. Peace. Everybody else. Everybody else go All you niggas. Yeah gang. Thank you Flint. That was, that was fun. That was excellent. Yeah, we in the building. You gotta do that all the time. That was kind of fire. Yeah. I love y'all niggas. I love y'all damn looking. Phony ass nigga there. You gotta do that all time. I'm just saying. Damn. He got, he kind of ill with that audience. I'm a little under the weather so I ain't gonna be here for too long. But I missed everybody so I Yes sir. He did by but damn freeze. When turn cold. Nah, I ain't turning cold man. So off for the team. Off the team. We shade. We did say shade with the shades. We did say leave first then be like this the squad right here. Yeah, that's coming for sure.


Nigga. Leave use the bathroom guys. This hold on, we got it squad right here. It is the fuck is wrong with you though man. I don't like how you sounding. I'm worried about you. My son just got me sick. Okay. That's all. And then he got better. Okay. And didn didn't. That's what you thought. You got a sinus infection. That's all I got a little, some homeopathic stuff if you want it. Mm. Little garlic. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Colloidal silver. Wrong one, wrong one. Oil of oreg. I'll strike you as homeopathic. Yes. Actually yes. First. Yes. Second. I'll send you some stuff man. Thank you. I'd appreciate that. Yeah. What should he take for sinuses? He used do some, what would you say Ish? I know you colloidal silver. I would do that. I would do some garlic. I always do some vitamin C. Always do some garlic too. You talking about healthy shit. You talking natural stuff.


You ain't gotta take the, or take an antibiotic sink. Yeah. Supered. Yeah psed. Treat the symptoms man. I'm trying to get him, get some amoxicillin in there too. Oh. Oh. That's the shit you now. This shit we take when we get burn got chlamydia in the nose. How you know that? I about say you don't know enough words to know. Amoxicillin. I don, I had a pack of amoxicillin. Boy. Hey a girl saw that in my cabinet and didn't gimme no box nigga. I know what amoxicillin is. It haunts me. Yes, yes. Shaking give you no box 'cause a amoxicillin. Yeah. Girls used to do that. Girls, the bottle was still full. They come and look. I didn't even know that as a, you don't know that women went through your stuff like that when that you don't do, don't do. I don't do that.


I didn't know that. She went into my, I I I never forgot. She went into my cabinet, took a picture of it and then sent me a text later. I we 1000% do that. Men do that. Y don't do that. No. How? No, I'm not going in a girl's house to go search a cabinet and shit. Oh. I might, oh take a a really? What? No, that niggas is crazy. I went on a date, I on a date one time. Yeah. I went, I seen it. I go to the bathroom on purpose. Yeah. First thing I do, I people in the medicine cabinet, I hope nothing fall. I look in there and look for shit and if I see a bottle that looks suspect because you know everybody slip pills in the, and you jump right on Google. Yo white pill yellow three back, what the fuck is this? Crazy. She had Valtrex in the one See Trek I got breaking news.


I, that was my, that was my exit out dates. I got breaking news. I got breaking news and then I was just, I just bounce. I was cool. Look at the journalist out. Did that one time and found Valtrex. I swear to God I did too. Yes It is. I did too. How did you handle that? I wasn't joking. I said I got, I got breaking news. I got and never spoke to her again. No, I'm not on the street. Like you're but like date. No. How'd you handle it? It is my homegirl. How'd you, you went through your home. You went your homegirl, what is that's Bitch is crazy. Nah, I mean me and shorty was talking but she's still my homegirl to this day. But we ain't ever getting no motherfucker Chacho. Okay. Well now she knows. Yeah. Dead ass. She knows why. That's how she entered the friend zone. Wow. Well y'all know it's, It is not always on.


I know but it ain't always off. S that what looking like over there. Yeah. What you talking about? I'm just joking about crazy cool v See that? Yeah man. Anyway, I'll send you some of Mark Illa. Thank you man. We happy that you're here Man. Mark got that shit from Dr. Sby himself. Mr. Piece Mid shit ain't just the regular shit. Yeah, he got the shit. Yeah he got the, you know he pray over, he speak to the ancestors and shit and get this shit. Yeah. Sinners. Yeah. Miss, miss writing a book right now on the S nigga. How's everyone's Memorial Day? Cookouts great. Yeah. Great family shit. Which y'all did? Family shit. I was outside running around, you know, just running around.


I, I was barbecue hopping. Okay. And I was just going different barbecues and you know getting plates. I don't really eat that much. But it was was You went to barbecues? Huh? You went to barbecue? Yeah. You remember you were supposed to call me Barbecue hit You right there. Now that was a nigga huh? Yeah. You supposed to text me where you ended up? I ended up in Queens and then JR did bring your name up. I said he somewhere in Brooklyn. By the time he brought your name up was too late. It's too late. You know what I mean? I See that. I said you niggas don't fuck with you. I fuck with you heavy. You crazy. But listen, It is not about us. I went to different barbecue and it was great documented and you know, felt good about it. That's what's up two-ish. Shit. I ain't leave the house.


Did you have something to eat? I mean regular shit, I wasn't no Barbecue, hot dogs, hamburgers. I don't eat that. Okay, got you. Stop your shit man. Fish getting veggies. What? It's cold. That's what I ate. But y'all didn't go to no cookouts. I ain't go to no barbecue party. Let me guess. No. What you eat outta cookout? Yeah. Let me guess. Mother-in-law went and got the fresh fish out the lake. You know your shit a pick up. Your family yo. My, my family cooking fresh. Yeah. Got it Bro. What I eat outta cookout? Yeah, because you said you don't eat burgers and hot dogs and shit. You don't Uhuh uhm, he don't eat red meat. Turkey Burgers. Turkey burgers. Oh okay, okay. You chicken 'em with you chicken You bring, you bring 'em with, you got a little cooler.


Excuse me, can you throw me three of these burger right there for me? Yo only eat these on this side But they're cooking it on top of the, so they don't move it over and clean the shit. They cook it right on top of the beef. It Ain't that serious. My nigga Turkey burgers and chicken Say no more good stuff free. But we did free My girl's daughter birthday so we had a little birthday party for her. That's it. That's it Kid shit for me. I ain't in no cookouts, no nothing. But it was amazing. Had my phone off. Damn there I ain't really have to deal with no family shit. That's Nice to relaxing. Yes. Mm I'm starting to starting to Shit. Yeah. Yeah. Starting to realize that that's your bag though. You be like taking like regular ordinary shit and putting like 10 on 20 on it. No, I starting to realize keeping my phone if only offer you sleep nigga.


No it don't. I starting to realize my phone, but that's my problem. I'm starting to realize going to the kitchen by yourself. It is a great, I Love it because yo, You right. But I be like, this is regular shit We shouldn be doing. I don that's my point. Turn my shit off. You right. My family agree with you. Just started realize I love what you doing free. Right. But you have fun. The family shit like this putting A 10 on 20 on it. No. You didn't do nothing. Nah, nah. We, I babysitter Belled on this Friday. We, I was actually trying to kick it with Ice and Joe on Saturday and the babysitter belled that morning.


So we ended up having kids all weekend, which was fine, our kid. But then, so I had my daughter, my oldest daughter come with her kids, so we just made it. So I had the grandkids come. So I just had all the kids at the house for the weekend. We took 'em to Turtleback Zoo yesterday for Memorial Day. Nice. Last which, which, which daughter? The oldest? Yeah, the oldest. Yeah. The one that has two kids. Yeah. The one one I read more. The one that I met more recently. Mm. So she, she, I drove them up. I had a car bring them up from Philly with the, with the kids. Your newest oldest. My newest oldest, yeah. How did, how did that feel man? How did, it was great man. My, my son got to spend some time with his nieces, his four and 1-year-old nieces. Some real hood shit, you know? And they, they had a ball at this zoo. They didn't wanna leave. How did they fight each other? Did you have to have a talk like before she got there with anybody? Nah, nah, everybody know. Everybody know everything.


So It is, It is no secrets. You know, he, he gets a little confused with understanding like the family member thing. So I just say they're your cousins for now. They'll figure song. Got it. Cousins. Yeah. His communication, you know, 'cause you know yo Spanish came back speaking English like motherfucker, like last out. No, like I have never heard him speak English before. But I think the kids, well he spoke it up here. I told you he, he told us a couple words to you 'cause you know what I mean? And y'all had a good dialogue and s Right. Had to pace myself a little bit, You know what I mean? But this thing started outta nowhere.


I'm Please freeze. My man does. Real, real quick. Did you have to watch the kids? You know, sometimes when kids meet each other they start to play rough. How, how was that? Well, they, they've hung out before, but they are rough. The older one is, is the, is the roughest. But she's also likes to be a big sister. So I had to just kinda watch to make sure they didn't get too rough. And those are your grandchildren. Did you, would you tell them like, yo Oh yeah. I, I, I checked them and my, and my, and it's, It is all love. So we, we had a good time. Everybody, everything was smooth. The hardest part was getting 'em to go home. Like everybody wanted to spend the night. And I wanted them to stay, but just stay at school tomorrow. Got it. But it was, it was wearing three kids wear you out. Got you. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I ain't see, I I ain't used to that life.


Yeah. Nigga got one kid wear you out fast. You the box. Oh, I went upstate South. Family cooked out, had a great time, man. Friends and family came through big dinner. 15, 20 people Beautiful times. Memorial Day y'all do dinners, huh? Yeah, Well Memorial Day is my sister, niece, nephew, sister, mom's birthday all is in the same week. Holy shit. So, Got you. It's a, it's a, it's a big deal. Mail you won an award. Well that was earlier in last week. And so Memorial Day I was sleeping because I'd just flown back on a red eye. But the weekend I was at a wedding, it was nice. Did you bring the Gracie with you? I did not bring the Gracie to the award or to the wedding.


Charles said that Was her date? No. Oh wow. And was the wedding nice? The wedding was beautiful. The wedding was beautiful. It was my, my friend Taylor and her now husband Josh. Congratulations to them. Everybody looked amazing. It was, it was lovely. So yeah, that was what I did on, sorry, it was Sunday. It was Sunday? Yeah. Good. Okay. It Was good. It was Good. And Monday, Monday I was sleeping. Sleeping because I flew, I flew in on a red. I landed at like, like five in the morning and there was always kind in California. Yeah. Those are the kind like, fuck you up. And you was, you was just in the crib. You just yourself. Absolutely nothing for me. The entire weekend outside of the Under Armour camp I went to with my stepson and my girl. Oh. How'd that go? And how did that go Joe? I was in the crib. It was cool.


It was freezing out there, but oh Shit, it Was good. You got any coach talking? Hm? You got any more coach talking? No, not that day. No, not that day. Not That day. You ain't, you ain't learn about the backpedal. Keep your hip straight. Oh, they was doing all that shit. They was doing all that fancy shit. They was doing that. So shout out down. That was cool. I was supposed to go to the play the tank play with you guys, but canceled that. Yeah. I just been in the house. I ain't been doing shit. And now my brother, my brothers are preparing for a prom. Yes sir. Oh yeah, That's right. And we having a lot of trouble with the generational gaps. And the last time I went to a prom and my dad went to a prom, we don't really know all the rules and the kids keep changing shit now.


Oh, They want your car. So Like they wearing, well first of all, how they getting dressed is different from how we got dressed. Yeah. Go to the regular, the regular spot. We all just did Tuxes spots. Well we didn't go to regular spots, but they doing custom kicks and tuxes cus they just making a, it's A big to do. It's a production. There's a lot more, There's a lot more of a production today than it was. Proms are approaching wet prices. Yes. Damn. That's crazy. Real talk. Nah, it's expensive. Yeah. They're approaching, they're approaching. We on TikTok. These little kids are they, They're showing these pages that are showing how elaborate some of these prom shit are they, they coming in helicopters. They little joke niggas getting a chopped.


So anyway, so that's the thing. My little, my little brother calls me yesterday and says, yo dog, you know the problem is next week need that car. Oh shit. He said it like that. Which, which car? Which Car? He was pretty frank. Pretty much you talking about the mayback because we kind had some of these talks already. And I was like, all right, well who's supposed to be driving? And he was like, pop pop said he would drive. Okay. I said, so tell Pop to call me. That's it. Right. Pop calls the next day, says, Hey, Ethan wants me to drive him for the prom. That only means a one way. Right.


No, He was dead serious. He Would've made back up With Uber back. I said, no pop. Mm, you have to pick them up too and take them to whatever. And they Go after the fest. He said no, they going home. No they're not. None. I Said them, you still need to take them home. They can't Uber from the prom. So we're dealing with prom stuff right now. That's how old I am. Can can you do You rather not drive? He cannot drive my car. He can't Drive that. And Joe would, would, would you drive them? Would That be be something you do? That's what my dad said. My dad said if it's a one way trip, Joey, why you don't just drive him? Why don't you have Yeah. Why he was your driver. Yeah, Joe. But they want, hold on.


Oh yeah. Hold on. Wait. They want, they want the experience. They want Joe to or pop to open the door. It's an experience when it comes to that. When you open the door, you stand there and take pictures. So I understand what they want but I don't understand why wouldn't, why wouldn't they ask their brother? I told Pop I would just get 'em a chauffeur. One of 'em luxury show for. Yeah. So they go open the door for the night. Yeah. Yeah. They do that. Hell Yeah. That's the best bet. I forgot about you. Yeah. You can't use it. My be So, so Anthony not going. He's a whole nother story. Alright. He had the wrong date for his girl's prom. Oh Lord. Oh shit. And then he ca she casually just said, yo, you know the prom is tomorrow. Oh shit. So he is running around right this second scrambling trying to prepare for a prom.


That's tonight. Oh. Oh my God. And then his prom is next week with my brother. So it's prom madness right now is all I'm saying. Shout to everybody prepping to go to a prom out. Sure. Prepping your kids for pro prom and good luck To y'all. Yeah, That sounds like a Lot. Some of them is under pressure. Nah, shit different. It's different. Like when, when, when people start telling me about all the prices, dues and this, and I'm like, what nigga? Just to get to the prom, you spend four figures. That shit is crazy nigga. Just to get know what I'm talking about to get there. Oh, okay. You know what I'm saying? I ain't telling Chop top the, they got drop top Rolls Royces, all types of Wow. Ccra. The problem is how our friend groups back in the day all stopped talking to each other.


'cause we went and got the stretch limo. All of the parents was supposed to chip in and then Somebody, parents And everybody got crazy and then it all hell broke loose. And now we can't talk to each other no more. Yeah. Until Sharon gimme my money on God. Hey, yo. Seriously? I drove, I drove to my shit Real quick. Mel brought the macaroni and cheese. I did. I did. And she started to make on live prep on live. I watched a little bit. I was, I was intrigued. I clicked, I sent that right to the group text. You had immediately I saw, saw a mail on Insta. Insta Live cooking mac and cheese, looking like it was her first time ever touching any of that shit. Looking like she was reading directions as she was going.


I sent that. Right, right. I was not reading direction. You had the script Right behind the phone. No. Did I'm not mad at you. I did not. Yes You did. No I did not. Fam if You had, you're on recipes.com Right, right. S right. You had the Patty LaBelle shit. No, actually I did not have Patty LaBelle. No, I I went To Franklin. Was it A black person's recipe? It It is hers. It's my, that's my only question. It's My, it's my recipe. They said you put, I, I Know that it has been, that was inspired by my aunties. They said you put sour cream in it. Aunties. Not my aunt, my aunties. On which side? Yeah, she's saying Aunt aunties. She's saying aunt and auntie by saying aunties. Aunties is auntie aunt now? Yes. What did you ask Me? They, I read in the s that you, they said you put sour cream in it.


Yes. I think some aunts slipped in there. That's a devil DA dollar from It's just a dollop. Exactly. Just was that the Russian side? Because It is the basian side. Don't do that. This is a dollar Caribbean. We don't do that. Not Caribbean. Yeah, but y'all can't make mac and cheese at all. So y'all Caribbean don't talk pasta. I'm not, I don't eat macaroni pie or cheese. That is true. But I'd rather that than putting sour cream and macaroni and cheese. Yeah. Let, let's get to the explanation of the sour cream. Yeah. It's just a, it's, it's just a little A binding. It's A Thank you very much. I was gonna say it's like a little bit of a thickening agent.


A little bit of a thickening agent. So I started, Yo, if the white man looking like that, if the white man is looking at the sky. Yo, if that shit takes nasty outta tell me I start, listen, I boiled the pasta. I started making the ru you know, shout to you and shit. Was it, it was lit. I was very proud of myself and I did it on live to prove that I actually made it from scratch. So you guys couldn't talk shit that I bought it. I'm gonna keep it around. I know why you did it. Did you use sour cream and milk? I used heavy whipping Cream and heavy cream. I used heavy whipping And evaporated Milk. And evaporated milk. Yes. Yes. I should have taken a picture. Actually I did.


I took a picture of all the ingredients that I used know, and I like five, five different cheeses. Yes. You know why I'm proud of you though? Tell me why. I'm gonna tell you the truth. Okay, go ahead. So once you wasn't here, you saw the seat was, the seat was a little hot. Jesus Christ. You had to go make some shit alive. I'm still here guys. That's still my girl Went quick. No act. Actually it's because I honor the bets up here in this hall. Oh, You said what? Oh Yeah. That's, that's Why gimme me my hundred dollars right now. Gimme me my hundred dollars Right now. Actually no, because that was the bet mark bet me that I would not make mac and cheese All of a sudden. You proactive wants the, wants the hot seat left. Who, Who, who are you referring To? I don't wanna get, I don't wanna throw no names out there. But what I'm saying is that I like that you did that.


Okay. I looked at it, I'm like, Yeah man, we not going out without a fizzy. You not going out without a fight. How they was hyper memorial nigga say hold up. Nigga was like this all, she was gray. I'm still here guys. Her numbers went up too. I'm like, oh shit. Eight honey, let's go. Yeah. Don't let these niggas just, we come on. I can't wait to try it. Thank you. When do we get to are you be honest. Are are we gonna be honest? I don't eat macaroni and cheese. Mo and I are y'all gonna be honest? I'm be honest. For Sure. Please be honest. I think the most honest one will Be. Please be honest. I mean I know, I know that you are on a new lifestyle eating plan Ish. But please just, There's no sugar in this. Take a bite. Just take a bite Now.


You know, put sugar Cinnamon love cinnamon Thickening Agent. Have you ever made this before? Yes. I like So why that, that was, that was how the whole conversation happened is that nobody believed that I've ever made mac and cheese before. Actually people, y'all don't believe I cook, but nobody believed that I've made mac and cheese before. I was like, I make great mac and cheese. Now we see you cook for Daisy. Every Your cooking show should be with your relationship expert show. Yeah, I Told you Mark was on to something. Okay's. Go Mark all listen, I, Hey listen. I micd turn. You say It Is astrophysicist. Oh shit. Shouldn't say nothing. No, I Talking about last episode.


I don't say nothing Bullshit. It was kind of lit. So I might do cooking, but When Mel falls in love and does her housewife thing, do y'all think her dude is gonna ever say something about her cooking her? You know what he says, let's get a shot. I'm actually quite surprised how good this is. That's what I always get. That's all everything. I'm actually quite surprised is that you just looked at the camera? Yes you did. You just talk to somebody in the camera. Oh My god. Okay. Yo. Alright. I see what we doing. We got a great show Line up. We do. That's we do. We do, we do. Alright. Where we where you wanna go?


It is some, Do we wanna start with controversy? I mean all these, all this court shit. IIII feel like we kind of have to, I kind of wanna get it out the way. How y'all feel about it i's, I'm done, I'm talking specific about this Kevin Lowes thing. Okay. Okay. Okay. What's going on with Kevin Lyes, ano another lawsuit. Lemme pull it up. It's a, Kevin Lyes has been accused as seems to be the string in, in the business for the last five, six years of people getting accused of sexual misconduct. This one is from, from Lady Luck. And this one surprised me for, for a few reasons. But Kevin Lowes has responded. If you go to his Instagram, you can see the full explanation. But Father, he's how I learned about it.


That's an interesting way to think about it. He, he, he posted this, I didn't see it posted anywhere when he posted his response. Yeah. But I could be off. So it it, it was places, but it didn't live nowhere big 'cause again. Got it. It is the platform size thing. I, which is a lesson. Sometimes we make things stories by responding when if you don't say anything, it might not be, and I'm not saying he's right or wrong, I'm just saying if well, if he responding, he been around long enough, somebody told him we are posting this this day time, this might get hot. For sure. That's fair. Well, Before you read the, the response, like cliff notes of what she's accusing him of. Yeah. Accusing of when, where, what kind of situation. So, so this Is for context. This is an artist that he signed in 19, in 1999. Damn, this lady Luck.


It's lady Shout the lady Luck. We all know. So, and this, this lawsuit actually happened months ago. That's the other thing. I believe it was in the end of February that it came. So it, it might be one of those things where we all heard about it and then it passed. I remember it. Yeah. And, and we didn't say anything about it. And honestly, this was my first time here. I I've Never heard it. Mines too. Yeah, don't try to put us in the, it was under the, we heard it, but we were quiet. We didn't hear it. No, Wyatt. I mean like, I forgot. I knew he got sued before. I didn't know who sued him. So I'm saying I didn't know the details. I'm that's what I'm saying. And I'm saying I'm making the connection. Oh, that was the shit from a few months ago. Got, I didn't know who it was. I just knew that he was, that he was sued because when I first saw the lawsuit, it was under her government name. Oh. So I didn't, I didn't make the connection to even who it was.


But the, but the, the argument was 'cause it was, and it was, remember it was a Jane Doe at one point as well anyway, that she, that he sexually assaulted her during her employment at Def Jam in the early two thousands. This was the, this was the argument that was sexual assault. And that happened over a period of time. So that's what makes this interesting. For the last year or so, I've heard Lady Luck make allegations about her time in the business and all the things that's happened to her. But she didn't explicitly, explicitly say Kevin Liles. Then I also heard Kevin Liles was accused of, of sexual misconduct a few months ago. Didn't connect that it was her. And so now the dots are connecting a little bit what Kevin Lyes has effectively said in his post, which is very long. I mean, it's like a three or four slides on Instagram, small print.


It's like a full wow statement. Okay. Is that first Of course it's not true. He's saying, he's saying that he was told, you know, that you can pay $30 million or this lawsuit is gonna move forward. He points out all the times where she has said that he was a friend to her, a brother to her, he points out her Happy Birthday posts. He points to all the support he gave her as an artist that she still communicates with the entire family that she has as recently as March. Yes. 2025. And not like distant family like father, sister, like most Family. Yeah. She, she says she called my mother mom. My father pops, she called my sister, her sister and her lifelong friend. So she's, he's making it clear like there's a real relationship with not just me, my family here too.


Right. And then the last beat of It is that he also talk, he offers a kind of what is both empathy and a kind of defense. He says, I understand what she's going through. I know she's been through a lot in this industry. I know she's had issues with substance abuse, mental health issues, et cetera. So he lays it out in a way that sounds like he's being sympathetic, but also laying the groundwork for saying, Hey, she's crazy and I don't know why she would make this up. And he's not saying gray area, we got our signals crossed. He's saying this is a complete fabrication. I'm not saying he's right. I'm simply saying that's the case he's laid out. And it's an interesting argument because all of, in theory, all of everything that he wrote, wrote could be true and he still could have done what she accused him of doing. And conversely, he could not have, I don't, I don't know the story.


Well, I don't, I don't know their lies well enough to know anything personal inside. But this is big and this is messy and this is a sign that this thing isn't going anywhere. A lot of people thought that the era of, of people making lawsuits, the era of people saying 10 years ago, 20 years ago or 10 weeks ago, something happened to me, it was gonna pass. It was gonna be a fa a fad. But in the kind of post me too era, which I'm actually happy about, people are still being courageous about telling their stories and people are still coming forward when things have happened to them. Again, I'm not saying this is true, I'm saying this isn't going anywhere. This, this is not a phase and, and anything that's happened in this business is probably gonna come to light more and more over the next few years. Is this the only case or allegations against Kevin Liles?


Because you said that we heard this before. Is is she's the person that popped it off against him? To my knowledge, yes. Okay. But I can't say with certainty what I thought was a second case actually was her got it going from Jane Doe status to a public. But if it was back in February, then that means she still reached out to the family in March. So that's what he's trying to, that's what he's saying. Yes. Got it. Okay. And again, I, I can't say whether that's true or not, I don't know, but that, that's what he issued in his statements. So I just wanna be very clear, I'm reading here that the other one that was filed in by Jane Doe in early, earlier this year, that was a separate case. That was a separate case. That was a separate case is a second. That's what I wanted. Yeah. I think, I think we should at least read, I think it's one of his earlier paragraphs that says everything that she's alleging.


All right, I got it right here. Says here that she threatened to publish a book and file a public lawsuit if he didn't pay the $30 million. She threatened to allege that almost 26 years ago when signed as a recording artist to Def Jam, she was groomed. She also threatened to allege that I exposed myself to her and pushed her head towards my genitalia in attempt to force her to perform oral sex while she was allegedly sitting in the driver's seat of my car. So those are the allegations that he said that are going to be alleged against him. Hmm. How do we feel about this, this Daniel panel? Mel, what, what is your thoughts on these allegations and the fact that Kevin Liles actually got is trying to get ahead of it?


Well, I think he should. Okay. I absolutely think that he should try his, you know, he should try to get ahead of it because the court of public opinion, people are gonna form their opinions regardless of what you do. And I think that Jay-Z kind of set an example about being proactive about, you know, false Allegations. Not Just false allegations, but like, just being very vocal about your innocence in the situation. Gotcha. Okay. And like Marcus said in the past, you know, like the, my default is to want to believe victims. Yes. However, $30 million is, is It's a big Number.


It is a, it's a big number. Like, am I using the word punitive like incorrectly here? No, no, no. I get what you're saying. Okay. But I need to understand the correlation of why, because It just, it just seems like it's, it's a strange number to choose, but it almost seems like it's, it's, it's a number that has been influenced by a lot of what we're seeing right now. It sounds like It's the rate. Yeah. Yeah. It's, yeah. It sounds like it's the fucking going rate right now. Yeah. You know, and I listen, I understand pain and suffering. I understand, you know, emotional damage. I, I I understand all of that. I have existed in this business for a very long time. I've had things happen to me as well. So I under I, and I understand the desire to have kept it quiet and the shame and embarrassment and whatever else is feelings are associated with this.


But Mel, lemme ask you a question. Go ahead. If you just, I know where you're going. If you knew that she were telling the truth, what number would you feel comfortable with? It's hard to, honestly, it's, it's hard to say. It's hard to put a number on what you consider to be your pain and suffering and the length of pain and suffering that you have, you know, had to deal with over, you know, set amount of, of years, decades or whatever the case is. But when I'm reading what she's charging him with, it, it, it's excessive. It is, it's, it's excessive it seems. And this is just so the monetary Amount Yes, the monetary amount, it's excessive and I feel like it's sets a really bad precedent.


There's already people who are going to look at situations like this. There's people who look at Cassie like that was a money grab and that's all it was. You know what I'm saying? So in situations like this, it starts to kind, it it, it starts, it really muddies the waters in terms of, you know, impact on victim versus what It is that they're trying to get in order to feel some level of wholeness. Think You sound like you don't believe her. I'm not. That's what I preface this by saying. I, I err, I my default is to always believe victims. However, you take into account the maintenance of, of, of ancillary relationships with this person's family.


Somebody can say you about Cassie too, right, but wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Wait, I got a question. Are you saying It is, are you familiar with this? No. You're not familiar with him? No, no. You're not friends with or anything? No, I just wanna be clear. Okay. No, no, not it just every passing, you know what I'm Saying? Got it. So you're just basically this off of what you read and what you duc, sir, but yeah. Okay. I think the, the 30 number is we are shooting at a high enough number to make you just wanna get in so could settle for five. I don't care what, we don't have any intention of getting 30 or anything close to 30. We know we not gonna get that. But if I s like it's something about that number 30 today, 30 million. It just, you're Right. Hurry up to get here. If I settle for 30, the number, the number cap, I don't even think it's settlement cap.


If a settlement comes for me, great. But the 30 is headline, we wanna move forward. Right. Right. I i I haven't heard the story where they, they demand the, the 30 and it's paid in the next week. The reaction 99% of times is gonna be, man, you don't get the fuck outta here. I might have to flip my entire life upside down to just pay you. 30 niggas ain't doing that. I think they be wanting to move forward, which is why oftentimes we not even getting to the mediator part, we are moving forward if you stall. Right. Right. Yeah. This is an interesting case because that's gonna help the settlement. I think after I move forward.


Now your tone is gonna be How, how do I make this go away? Yeah, Yeah. And he's jumped out what, like he launched the website, lady lux own words.com and It is basically every just, just highlighting like in his letter he puts, or in his statement he says numerous years she's, she's said this on podcasts about me and, and just how positive even to this day, he put it all on his website. That could, that could backfire on him. He, because he specifically Yeah, I don't think that helps. He specifically point out that in 20 16, 20 22 and 2023, she denied any inappropriate sexual interactions with older men. Which he's saying is contradictive about what she's saying now I get what he's doing.


And if you're innocent, I understand why you'd have the impulse to find every shred of evidence to prove your innocence. Guilty people do this too. So that's the first thing. The other thing is if it becomes overkill and it looks like you're being too aggressive and you're attacking her too much, it could turn people off. It could make people distrustful. I don't know. I I think there's three pieces. There's people gonna believe that he did it and, and are upset people who don't believe it and say throw it away. There are also gonna be people who are gonna read what he's alleged to have done and say, okay, like, Like they don't care. Or they could See that that's not a big, like, it's not a big enough deal to warrant a $30 million. Right. Lawsuit 30. I'm not saying I don't feel that way, but I'm saying a lot of people do See that And that, and so just to be clear, He tried to get some hidden in the car 30 years ago and, and like that's how, that's how a lot of people are gonna read It.


And just to be clear, that's basically what I was trying to get to is the fact that some people are going to regard this as a and kind of situation. Right. You know, in the grand scheme of, in comparison say Yeah. In comparison To some of the other cases we have seen Yes. Which Are horrific and have been video documented. Yes. But wasn't that contradict about power dynamics? I said I don't feel that way, but I I'm saying that I think it might be a hard time to get a jury to believe to care enough, especially given the culture we live in. Yes. To feel that it's worth that. I'm not saying that, but then it, but it contradicts what we've been saying up there when you've been saying that we should always believe victims. No, we go You're saying, Or the, You saying you don't feel that way, but saying going into that, so now we are making, we are, we are giving caveats to the situation.


No, there's no contradiction there. I'm I'm saying we should believe victims. I'm saying that a lot of people don't believe victims. And I'm saying in this case, I think that's gonna play out. People aren't gonna believe her. No, you saying that because the the the act is less atrocious. Yeah. I'm saying 'cause we normalize sexual harassment so much. It is there a victim spectrum to y'all? I was about to say I don't understand how we, how we, how we Yes. Are grading trauma on the curb? Oh Shit. No, no, no, we're not. No, we're we are not. Mel just said that the $30 million suit that she is filing is too much money. So if this young lady felt as though, and again, I'm just totally objective, you can't necessarily say, yo, because such and such mighta fucked her in the ass and made her do X, y, Z, then that is worth more than what this particular piece of you can of Trauma is Worth.


I think I can, who the fuck is the judge to do that? That That judge the jury, the judge and the jury. That's I point. No, I'm saying us as the No, I'm saying you even asking for, whatcha you talking about? This is what I'm the, if, if, if, if you got hit, if you got It is if you got hit by a car and lost and, and broke your, your, your, your, your, your leg. Someone else got hit by a car and lost their leg. I can't speak to how you experienced the, the broken leg, but what I can say is, as a juror or as a person watching the jewelry, you Judge that the loss of the leg to be worse than the broken leg. It's, It's a greater loss. It is. I I, but I still think it's apples and oranges. When you start coming down to emotional trauma and emotional stress, you can't put my emotional stress and my emotional trauma or how I respond to something on a, a scale as easily as a broken leg versus a lost leg.


I agree. I don't think you can do it as easily. I'm just saying the jury ultimately has to do that though. I'm Not disagreeing with Yeah, we're not even talking about jury though. We're not talking about the To we talking. Yeah. We talking about how you could say that this person is charging too much money for their emotional distress. All, all I'm saying is relative to what if Cassie's worth 30 million and that's Who, that's who that's what we got. I, I'm establishing as an arbitrary stand fact. That's what she asked for. Yes. A alleged She was awarded, allegedly something Close to it. Close to that. So I'm saying if they gave award, okay. 20 even better. Settled. Settled. Okay. Even that's not an award. All Right. Even better if Cassie settled for 20 and we say, all right, that's our baseline. It doesn't have to be, but It is then it would be hard for me to say, if Cassie's experience is a baseline of 20, then you know, an abuse baseline is nuts.


Yeah. That's Crazy To me. But that's how courts work. That's the problem with the system. Hey, no, I agree with you. You can't say that Cassie's settlement number is what this other person's settlement number should be less because she took this. You can't say that. And I'm not saying should I'm, I'm, I'm making a practical assessment of how it actually's going to play out. Yeah. I want them all to get as much as they deserve. As much as they want. I have no, I don't care. I mean, I'm not, I have no sympathy for the person spending the money who did the harm. I'm just saying as a practical matter, when you come to somebody and say, I want 30 million knowing that Cassie just got 20, or knowing that so-and-so got 50 or 10 or whatever. I'm just saying that to me, there's a strategy in that and, and, and you, I agree. And you do walk in basing it just like you do all negotiations based on what the market gives.


It's, I think It is perverse that we base emotional trauma on the market, but in, in a capitalist system, that's what you do, unfortunately. So how do we advance this, this talk i this point of circuit? Yeah. I, I, I, I think, I think the only thing moving forward is just, is for me, was just to say again, we're gonna see a lot more of this Tons True, untrue, fake, false, a hundred percent accurate. We're gonna see a lot more of it. I don't know. Do you think the industry's going to move differently because of this culture? Or are we just gonna see a lot more payouts for the next 10, 20 years? I think we're gonna see a lot more payouts. And that was what I was trying to say, is that it seems like this 30 million is the baseline that is being created.


Whether or not what, whether or not we judge it to be correct or incorrect too much, too little or whatever the case is. That the fact of the matter is like a baseline seems to be be created and it's just like, there's like, what, what is the math? What's the mathematics here for it? You know what I'm saying? I don't think there are none. There are none. I Don't think there are. None at all. I don we Going back into the circle though. No, no, no. And I don't, and I don't want to, I just wanted to, you know, make the point that that was what I was trying to say earlier in the conversation. And then also about, you know, the, the, the maintenance of the relationship with the family and the comparison to Cassie. I feel like that in itself is like, is apples and oranges way off like it Yeah, It is total.


It's totally different. I agree. Because this was, we, Cassie is alleging in her testimony that she was groomed and that this was like an what she saying. Yeah. And that this was an ongoing, but Cassie was his girlfriend. I I know. And this was, this was an ongoing, you know, physical, mental, emotional, psychological captivity situations that is not this. I hear that. I hear that. So, so let's think about the next part of this though, which was my question about how do we move forward? What does the culture look like moving forward? How are relationships different? What's gonna be different now? I think that there's some inherent generational differences that are gonna be just on display, just 'cause people, younger people think different than older people. That's true. Some of these people that have been accused of these heinous shit are from a different world where men in power do whatever the fuck they want.


And I think we'll see less of it just based on that alone. And I do think that also people are gonna be scared of getting sued for $30 million. The scary part is, Well, if you was wilding and if you have $30 million, Huh? And which is a small sector of men, Very small. Right. But it's, it's people that got 300,000. It It is people that got a hundred thousand people that got half a million. You get what I'm saying? 30 is a, a, a different type of number. Right? Like Smokey got getting too for 50. Is there a way that we would ever see those stories publicized where the number is that of a two 50 and $300,000 Win?


They may not be public, but that still don't mean that that might start to be, be a trend. Got it. Like the trend trickles down. Got it. So the girl that I get it can't, you know what I'm saying? I, And I'm seeing that a lot now when I speak of corporations and I talk about DEI, we talk about corporate behavior. A lot of people are talking about the boss gets sued personally. The company's getting sued as this def jam in this case, and they're getting sued for those 5,000, 200,000. It's happening a lot right now. It's actually quite interesting. More so than the Kevin Lyes Situation. Yeah. Because once we see them get a bag, it's like word for that. Oh, that motherfucker tried to do that 50 times. Right. Four years ago. Like, he was smacking me on my ass when I would come in his office every day. So I think that it's, it's basically starting to give more women the courage to come forward and really claim some shit that might, they might've been going through for the last 15, 20 years in corporate.


I, I'm not dis I don't, I'm not, you know, against that. What I do see, or what I think is gonna start happening though, is from the male's perspective, my nigga, you kind of gotta be careful. You should be careful. You should period where you put your dick. But I'm saying like, when you 20 something years old or you single, you are a man in power. You not necessarily that ha displaying that level of discernment. Not, you know what I'm saying? When you are a single man, like Back then, absolutely not. There was absolutely, I agreed. There, there was no fucking discernment. There was no HR back then. Today Single nigga is running around. No, I, I understand. But, but we're talking about cases that are being presented from decades ago and women are coming forward now.


And you know, I can just, I can speak from the standpoint of being, having been there, there was no hr, these were fucking treacherous shark infested fucking waters. It was survival of the fucking fittest. And I think that also what's happened is I feel like consent should have been like the word of like 2022 or 2021 or whatever the, the fact is whatever year that it started to be used so consistently, because our v our vocabulary has changed, our understanding of thi of what consent is has changed. It's it, nobody was saying that fucking word back then. You know what I'm saying? The understanding as a woman being in this business, in front of the camera, behind the camera was that you were chum for the sharks.


And either you, either you, you, you found a way to survive. So the fact of the matter is, is there is going to be certain circumstances in which chickens are coming home to fucking roost it. And your behavior was predatory then. And you gotta pay for it now. It's consent and it's power. And the cult and culture to me all connected. So for example, so having a, committing a sexual act where somebody doesn't want to do it, that's the part where we all kind of be like, all right, yeah, we know that's not cool. But 30 years ago, asking your artist for a blowjob unfortunately wasn't considered out of bounds. It was outta bounds to force them to give you a blowjob. But to ask them for one, and they had a right to say yes or no. And a lot of, in the culture of the music business and really corporate America in general, but especially in the music business, was you could do that.


So part of what It is is applying today's rules to 30 years ago. And I'm not justifying the behavior, I'm just saying we have to have an honest conversation about the culture of institutions and organizations to understand how we got here. Yep. Otherwise it sounds like this random dude is just walking around doing wild shit when in Fact, quote unquote power dynamics didn't exist necessarily back then as a Understanding. Know what they were as a term. Yeah. Pretty. Your secretary was pretty, You shot, She accepted. It was like, yo, this is consensual. We were dating and I was hitting even from the rip they hired the secretary because she was pretty Right. That's part, that was part of the, I think that's really, really scary. Murky waters to be treading and and I Yeah, y'all, y'all having a great talk.


So I ain't about to come in and say some bullshit or take it first. I want to hear it Learn behavior. Say more. You think it Learning behavior. I know, I know. He was, I mean, you were there. Say more. It's not a coincidence that every black mogul, for the most part in the music business is dealing with this. Take it off music. 'cause this Happened to, well, I'm in entertainment. Gotcha. Gotcha. I'm not talking about the rest of the world. I'm in the, I'm in entertainment. That's what I'm talking about. This is not only happening with black moguls in the entertainment business and each one of them came up under somebody.


I'm not pointing fingers, I'm not, I'm not even really having to talk. But It is a learned behavior. All of them. All of them from every one of them. You're just not gonna hear about where they learned it from. Yeah. And I'm not trying to, I Don not necessarily. I disagree. Please, please. I don't wanna sound like I'm excusing either. So Yeah, I, I I think that it's something else that could be a play there too is, which we see even today with a nigga who just wasn't him in high school or when he was coming up and now you get to that level now It is an entitlement kick in. Like now it's like, nigga, y'all owe me for what I couldn't get back then now, now I'm gonna make y'all pay. Damn there now I think it's those things. It's, I think there's two things come by niggas That leaders that behave like that, yo.


Yeah, it's a lot of different things. I think. 'cause again, you just speaking from a music perspective, I think in corporate America, I think in Wall Street, I think in politics, like I got some friends in politics, it's going on in the political arena as well. It's just though It Is Publicized, they, They're not Public figures. So we don't know that it's going on when this senator or this congressman or whatever like that shit is, it's, it's everywhere. I think that men of power have a certain level of entitlement and when they see beautiful women, they feel like they can exercise that power in the manner that they see fit. I don't think that it's foreign or it's just exclusive to the music business of All. But that's why I think we have to look at the systems. It's just like back in the nineties when we were looking for the gay rapper, it was as if there was just one as opposed to understanding the, the culture was built in a way where there's lots of queer folk there as artists, as set designers, as, as everything, any job.


There was a gay person there. But we didn't wanna accept that as a culture. If we keep looking for the predator producer or the predator CEO, we lose sight of the fact that it's a predatory industry. True VPs and directors and all. It is a predatory business period. And people are always looking to get a leg up. Either 'cause they couldn't get it in high school or because they couldn't, they want more or because they saw their, their mentor do it. All, all the factors are part of it, but we gotta have an honest, if you could recognize it's a predatory business, then why can't you recognize the people that put in the predatory business practices? I think it goes back far. I think we need to far think I'm, I'm saying let's, I'm with you. I'm saying go pass puffing them. Go pass all the, yeah, let's, let's get to the heart of it. That's the culture part of it. Yeah. And part of the culture is also everybody else's part of the culture is the hero Worship.


The hero worship also creates, It is a massive symptom to the fucking problem. I just watched the Brett Favre untold, I don't know if y'all saw that. No, no. That shit was fucking wild. What was wild about it? Well, so we all know because I saw it. Okay. What was wild about it was there was this sideline reporter named Jen Steger. And Brett Favre decided that he liked her and he started to solicit her attention anonymously at first. And then he got her phone number through the head office. They gave it to, they gave it to him. This is when he was with the Jets and he started to contact her.


She made it clear she had absolutely no interest in him whatsoever. The great Brett Favre and everybody would be like, oh, well of course. No, she had no interest and she was terrified that she now had his attention in a way that she know she didn't want it because she knew that this was going to end badly for her. And it did her careers fucking over, he sent her a dick pic and whatever else. And then the story comes out a little bit later about his, you know, about his unwanted advances. This, I forget what the, what the magazine is that she worked with at the time. But she confided in the editor Deadspin Deadspin, she confided in the editor who was her friend.


She was Sharing t she Was sharing, t expected that this was an off the record fucking con it was an off the record conversation between two, You know where you work. It's deadspin Deadspin is the wild, wild west of all of that sports commentary shit. Deadspin posts, the, the superstar athletes sending dick pics. They don't focus on the stats. I understand that. But when you are having, you're Talking to the editor or the owner or whoever. I get it. I get it. It's intention about Far. I listen, I get it. But if you are having an off the record fucking with your friend conver conversation with your friend, Off the record, It is just, It is just a, a ploy. She might have thought they was friends even if you did that.


That's that's very naive on her part. That's not true, bro. I, well if, if I know what this company does, let's just take it. I know what the company do. I know what they about. Well, She, she writes, she writes for Deadspin. She write, this is her colleague got I would, if I'm having a conversation with you ice, I'm going to have this expectation. It's sitting over there that you're not gonna get on Twitter and start writing. Oh, Mel said this, Mel said that I have that expectation of you. You're Correct. Now, If our business was to talk about whatever It is that you're talking about, right. That's what our bus, that's what our brand is based. That's what we do. And you come in here and say something then expect, well damn. How did that get out? Why? Like You asking a National Enquirer not to post something.


Yeah. Tell Me about something you said. Okay. You okay, so this, that's, that's, Yes. You have the right To do that. That is the side that you guys Yes, It is still the National Enquirer. I'm Not saying I would do it. Yes, but I'm just saying. But go ahead. The expectation has, I would, I would've expected my friend to have a little bit more I integrity. You know what I'm saying? So anyways, he basically says, oh well Fuck that. I'm printing it. And so that was how the world started or found out about these inappropriate text messages that Brett Favre was sending to this girl. And the fact that she And he paid her who? The girl, the Desmond. They paid the girl for the story. I didn't See that in Yes, it was in the dock. It was in there. She Sold the Story. They paid After the after after the fact. That's that's different though. That's That she was not Trying to make me hold.


She Was not, she she was not soliciting any attention for this story. She did not sell the story. She didn't want anybody to know That's Yeah. Because she knew that this was going to be harmful. Career suicide. Career suicide. And it was, now how do we regard Brett Favre as still the fucking gun slinging fucking hero that everybody perceives him to be regardless. We Stole that money from, but go ahead. Yeah. But yeah, we don't regard that money. No, but a lot of people still do. The fucking statue in fucking Green Bay hasn't been taken down. He could walk in the stadium and get a fucking standing ovation. I'm still, I'm talking about hero worship here. Statue gotta get taken down. 'cause he sent a dick pic. No, I'm talking about the scandal in fucking Mississippi. Stealing from the fucking poor. Oh, stealing from the welfare.


That's what I, that welfare, that that shit, that shit was disgusting. He has plausible deniability in that too. From, from what they showed On the top. Again, there's text messages. I still think he's a piece of shit. So Again, there's text messages There, but how do you interpret those text messages is different. He said, Hey, is there any way I can get in trouble for this? Which was interpreted as he was well aware that he knew crimes were going on. Yeah. There's another way to interpret that is true. Hey, is there any way I can, can get in trouble for doing this, getting this money? It don't have to go that way, is all I'm saying. Depends on how you see it. Okay. Well I choose to see it the way that a lot of people see it, that he was, that he understood where this money was coming from. It is co and, and very complicit. Got It. I got him as a piece of shit too. But he wasn't doing nothing different than most of these colleges are and have been doing for a long time.


Which is the point I'm making. Yeah. The point keep making. Yeah. It's like, and we see, we see it with every, every con any congressman I know who been, who go to, I could name at least three congressmen I know who I, two of whom I work with directly, who went to jail for corruption and, and taking bribes. Yeah. They did it. They did the same thing that every other member of Congress does. And they just Got caught. They either got caught or were less slick or they got watched more Or they crossed somebody that was like a word Ex. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. You know, so I'm just saying like, all these institutions are corrupt and at some point we gotta get past it. But, but that's a social question. That's what I keep saying. The the desire to be like these unaccountable white men who are never gonna be held accountable the way we are. It is something we gotta work through too.


It's the tone. Agreed. Right. 'cause we'll sit there. Can I say Clive Davis? I don't know, but if not, beep it out. My point is, there's a lot of people who look at the, the behavior in the music industry and say, well, well he, Why did he get away with it? And I can't get into This shit. Yeah. How's, how's he there? I've been asking Clive questions for years. So I mean, I think It is, It is just a good old boys club. I think that society in itself, again, outside of the music business, outside of finance, my nigga look at the presidency and what they saying, all of the shit it tracks. Like, they got him documented saying, yo, if Hillary Clinton did X, y, Z with Qatar, it's some bullshit. He just took a $400 million playing. They, they set the rules and they play by the rules that they want. So the money, power, respect is the mantra.


Let me, let me ask y'all a few things because we do have to close this and I do have to get to an ad. What do y'all think ends up happening to Kevin Lowes? Nothing. I, I don't, I think he wins this. He, he, he painted a picture of of, of somebody. He laid that out. Not to mention her drug history, her criminal history. Criminal history, drug distribution of heroin. I mean, it's gonna be hard to convince people That It is not a money. Not, not just that, unfortunately. And, and I fuck with luck jersey. Yeah. She not big enough. She not big enough. They not, they don't, they don't care about the victim enough. Yeah. Yeah. And that's really what happens in a lot of these cases. People go looking for perfect victims and there very rarely is one that she Not even necessarily perfect. Her cache ain ain't big enough. Yeah. Yeah. Do do we give a fuck enough?


She's not a sympathetic enough figure as well. It is true. And again, I'm not saying she's lying, I'm just saying I don't think she wins this. I, I I don't think so. Agreed. I agree with that. God damn. Listen, You feel we're cynical at this point. What's, we're Cynical. No cynical. Cynical. Oh. Oh. Am I feeling Cynical? No, no, no. Was that the goddamn damn? Oh yeah. I mean a little bit. I mean, just how it sounds. Yeah. I mean like it's hard not to be cynical at this point. You know, social media and just like the barrage of information that we get, you know, as it relates to things like this. After a while it desensitizes you so We gonna flip flop on when. Alright. It's not, it's not, yeah.


Not flip flopping. We're Flip-flopping on when our cynicism kicks in. We are. I'm too sick to talk about it. Me too. We are. Me too. You too. I know. I'm confused. I don't see, I, I think I don see, I I think I, it feels to me like y'all are equating a prediction that this isn't gonna work out well with a kind of endorsement that it's not gonna work out well. No, I didn't have a problem with where y'all left that. Okay. When Mel took it further hearing that piece. Oh, okay. When you say y'all, I got confused. Okay. Got you, got You. With the cynicism. Yeah. It's like selective cynicism.


Sure. Maybe, maybe a little Bit. Not for me. I honestly, I rarely believe things. It's gonna work out well. I, I support victims and I just don't, I still don't believe they think she's gonna get paid a settlement. I think she'll, I think she get something do that. I think she'll, I think she'll get a very small amount. But that is where my cynicism comes from. Mark. I don, I don't think so now. I don't think so. I don't think so now I don't think he's gonna, I don't think he's looking to even try to settle, follow the Jay-Z trend. Yeah. And be like, no, I'm gonna fight it all the way. Number one. You broke, you broke. And again, no disrespect to luck. I fuck with like Big Jersey, but you broke. You can't, you can't remotely get the, the, the, the attorney power team that I could muster up. I think it's gonna set, we gotta stop this.


Let's say he's innocent. If he's innocent, if, if, if, if he's innocent. I think it behooves him to fight it all away. Agree. You get what I'm saying. Now if he's not innocent, that's another story. But if he is innocent, what About the lawyer fees and shit though? I I, at some point you gotta be practical. HOV got HOV was like, I will burn money. Just to make the point, Kevin, all of us can't afford to do That. Kevin Liles can afford way higher attorneys than Lady Law. That's fair. Keep in mind also that Def Jam is being sued too though. So, so they may actually have an investment in saying I don't want to be smeared. I don't want it to be said that we built this. I'm just saying that there's a few angles to be played here that it wouldn't shock me if they came to right now and said we got two 50 for you. She might have to just take that and it wouldn't shock.


That's what I mean by small amount. It wouldn't shock me if she took it. And that's my prediction. I think that's A hundred grand. Take 250 grand and shut up. Shut up. That's what I think It is gonna happen. And then you'll spend $250,000 in lawyer fees easily. So easy. Right. Half a million dollars to shut your ass up and go away. It's possible. Alright. That's what I, it's Possible. No, that's Possible. Yeah. It's time for some t and p hit with some TM thoughts and prayers and man thoughts and prayers for all parties involved. We'll keep you updated as as we are updated. Sure. Sad ass topic. Made it hard to put my favorite part of the show.


Hey guys, Thank you. Now it's time for Favorite part of the show. Guys. That was pretty good. Oh yeah, now it's time. That was great. Okay, let's do it again. Now it's time for our favorite part of the show.


Come in, come in, say PrizePicks. Let's take care of my boy. Thank you. Thank you. Smoke that. Let's take care of my man. PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash money with millions of members. PrizePicks is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all real easy and simple to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a chance to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with prize prize. All right. The Joe Ish picks of the week. Yo come my boy in too. Stop playing prize fist. Cut my man Ish and flip in. Thank you. Alright, we have top liver abody cut I guess. I mean we'll talk about it later. We have Caruso for more than 10 and a half points and assist. He's playing really good defense. Chet Hol Green for more than 15 points. Dante Dizi for more than eight points. You butcher his name every time. Every everybody's name. Nas Reed for more than seven and a half rebounds and assists and Rudy Gobert for over nine rebounds. Don't forget if you download the app right this second and use promo code JBPP, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat for the people in the back. If you download PrizePicks right this second and use promo code JJBP, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run game real quick before we move on in, in sports.


Does anybody have the wolves winning another game? I think they could win another one. I think they could win another game. I don't Nah. Yo It is, it's It is built to ass. I think they defeated it mentally. Yeah, I think they defeated mentally And before game four of the Knicks series. Everybody here counts the Knicks out. No, I do. I got the Knicks winning this one. I got patience in five. It's hard. It is hard to count the Knicks out. They play hard Knicks out. But I hope they lose. But they play hard. You're not trying to wait. Do you really believe the Knicks are gonna win this series? Oh yeah. A thousand dollars. I'll take it. Done. I'll take it. Wait, just to be clear, I'm just, I'm betting the Pacers will win the series. You bet. The Knicks win the series s the thing I gotta be, I learned from the water bets and shit.


If the Pacers win this series, you're gonna send me a thousand dollars. If the Knicks win, I'm gonna send you a thousand dollars. Alright. I wanna remix that. Exactly. That's why I asked. Only because I'm taking it with us down to one. So I think I should be incentivized differently. Not with two one. If it was two, three. Oh yeah, It is two, one before game four. Game four on the road. Yeah. I feel like I should be incentivized different. I'm down to bet. Okay. I got 25, I got 25 out with us. Okay. I got bets out on this series. Okay. But I'm down. I'm down. How, how, how would you, what's the incentive? Let's call it 500 more. 500 more. Yeah, sure. Done. Got it. I'll take it. 15. Oh, what does that mean? Oh, 1500 To a stack. 1500 to a stack. He went, I he went My is the ain my pardon Me? You drunk that.


What, what water do you bringing today? One I bring, I'm bringing every Day. Avion again. You back you back to Avion. Yeah. You new money. Niggas don't know what Avion is. Yo. How long you gotta have money before people can stop calling you new money When you stop acting like new money? Oh shit. When? When it fits on you. When, When I, they Move. Oh nah, that's not true. If you have money for fucking 40 years and act like a new nigga. Yeah. Then What you act You still new money. You won't know it's new money. You won't even know You'll be accustomed to his Movement. Yeah. Niggas that got money, they don't know they got money. Yeah, You're Right. What's one indication That you are new money? Arguing about water. Yeah. Douche. That's cool. Hey, Hey. Yeah. Real, real quick though, before we go on, I, I do wanna take my time out and shout out to s that and the guys over there at Stream University.


I think it was great. It was amazing. First of all, round of applause. You went, you roll. No, I didn't roll. He on the silver tier but no, no, no. There was, there was mixing schedules. It was, remember I kept telling you guys that there was a surprise that I was working on. I'll get into that later. 'cause it's not about me. But what It is is that to watch a young man come from New York and to make something out of it, to take ideas and put it on a larger scale and to execute it and especially to put the young ones on. That's amazing to me. I have nothing but, but admiration and respect for Kai. The whole team over there. Shout to tle, shout to everybody means changing lives man. Bringing people that was on there with a hundred people. Watching them, bringing people with a thousand.


Just bringing them together. And I liked the way he handled certain situations in there, right When a young lady was, was bullied or felt like she was bullied or got made fun of. He went over there and sat with her and did a stream. Like he addressed every situation head on. And I respect, I got, man, I tipped my hat to Kai in there, man. Facts, I see you guys soon, but I tip my hat. Sit there man. But let me just say about be a professor. I about to say, let me just say flip. You deserve to be there. And I know y'all working out the details, but you are a architect of this shit. And a lot of people, I'm not talking about Kai right now, I'm just saying in general who do the work they do on YouTube and on live streaming in general have followed your model. And they don't always give you the credit. So I just want you to know that you deserve to be there too, bro. I appreciate that.


Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Yeah, I I get the flip niggas every day in my dms. Yeah. Yo, send this the flip. There was some niggas singing in Philly. Yeah, bro. Gotta be Philly. He was, it was, it was You. Right. I mean, but my, you know, we, we get calls, man. It's two people up here to get the calls when it's, when it's time we get the calls. Schedule two people up here to get the calls. Yeah, they do. Schedule was, was, was a conflict. And I, I wanted to shit on y'all. I wanted to shit on y'all. I had a whole plan but, 'cause I remember I'm going to Indianapolis and I was going to Ohio. It was a whole thing that was doing. But the, It is just, I thought it was, it's crazy. But salute the kai salute. Everybody up there slu the streamers university. Man. That made me feel good seeing that. That's fine. You should do, you should do the, you should do the streamer portables The what?


Should That's, that's a good idea. You should do your own shit. What you should do. That's streamer, community college streamer. Are they? Oh, streamer C College is hilarious. Hey Breeze. Nah, you got that. I like that. I think you'll smoke that though. Yeah, I know, I know. I got you for the less, for the less. Two streamers for the ones for the ones in the dark side of the way. Right. Breeze Streamer dorm. The chicken nugget treaters. Huh? I didn say I didn say I didn lie. I was gonna be Did you give to the colleges nigga? Did you give to the high schoolers? I did not say nothing about the, the chicken nuggets. I could have pizza.


You dying to cook some nuggets with cooking Mackay. Y'all, you gonna be proud though. You be Yo Joe. You know Yo Joe, one thing about you and I, man, you know I ain't too far from something that's moving like that. You know, I'm not too far from it, nigga. Oh, I know. You got a whole not 50 degrees. That shit like you got a whole deck of cars up your sleeve. I know. Not too far it but, but like It is just, it feels good when people acknowledge it. That part of I keep you around. Yeah man. It is. But you know what It is. Thank you. I appreciate that. But it feel, it feels good when people acknowledge You. Right. A lot of people try to make, in closing, they try to make comparisons to make me feel away. But the people that's running, there's no comparison. No, no, no. Of course salute to them. They doing they thing. But when I come around, they acknowledge me. When I come around. They, they invite me in but they know who I am.


You can crack the jokes too, but they invite not in. I I'm about now what did you see? Yo, your was the Inspiration Probably for some years. They invite me. They they invite me in. Yo flip. Come on nigga. It was a whole thing set up nigga. I fucking nigga I support. I support, support you about it. I'm supporting you nigga. I said good job. You you. There's no co You said chicken. I I'm gonna go to the pool. I know you talking about the little shit in the corner. No, with with the para. The two teachers shit behind. Trailers in the back. The trailers in the back. Trailers in the back. How many teachers do want do nigga? Five Fuck outta here. Speaking of some streaming shit, did y'all see Drew Ski skit? The cool White Boy? Yes. I thought, I thought it, I thought it was hilarious. There's a lot of people in the uproar.


Yeah. They, they are not Parks People. That's another I will not speak for them. What? What's to be uproar about about that? It was hilarious To me. It was funny too. Free. What's the It was uproar because it's Tell the Ski. Tell me where the Skit was though. Its white face. Yeah, Because It is white face because The cool white guy in the hood. Right? The White Boy. That's good in the hood. Like I did see I, not saying that it was upset over it, but I did see Theo V Post. Oh great. Cool. Lemme go get my paint. That's Funny. That's hilarious to me. That's funny. But you get what he's implying. So the People that are actually mad about It, about The people that are actually mad about it. I just guess don't understand why blackface is bad. No they don't. They It is just, just because Like, oh we can't do it.


Why could you do it? That's Just when I was starting to forget why Didn didn't like the O Vaughn, I almost was forgetting why I didn't fuck with him. See I just rely on if I don't fuck with you. That's my memory of it. I don't need to remember why. That's why. Alright, Thank you for that. Freeze Theo. Fucking Vaughn. Yeah. See I freeze. Think that's funny. Parks it too. Well just me a lot. Parks can think It is funny is the thing. I can't though. I'm not here for it today. Got it. I'm sick. Y'all go ahead. Hey T Nmp. So Tmp, you think it's the same first? You think it's the same? I just like comedy. No, we ask you a question.


Do IAnd that, do I think him saying it? Lemme go Get, lemme get my paint. Yes. It is the same as, I don't Even think he even intending to do it. I just think the statement was funny that I'm making fun Of that. Can you answer the question we're asking you? Do I think if he were to put on black face? It's the same. No, it's the same. Do you think that black face and white face, black face And white face are not the same. Nowhere near the same. Okay. Just Checking at all. Alright. Thank God. And that's the thing that pisses me off when white people act like It is, that's All It is. Not the same thing. It is. It's nothing. Nowhere near to say there's no Historical implication behind white face, White face. No. People like to ignore context when it's convenient. Yeah. And it's like when like black power, white power aren't the same thing. When I say black power, I'm trying to get us free. When you say white power, you're try to get me. You trying to keep us.


Yeah. And It is the and it's the voice me trying me The voice. It is the fist that it's the look that come with it. It's the flag that's behind it. I honestly thought that was one of juicys be better skits. It was, it was hilarious. Hilarious. That shit is funny. Like the whole, when He goes back to the, the dinner table. That was, that was funny. Preston. Yeah. Stop talking like that. His name nailed it. Preston, when he went back home, he nailed that skit. He did. I think he even posted somewhere. He was like thanking everybody 'cause it was like his fastest skit to reach a hundred thousand comments or something. It was like he hit a milestone with that.


I'm a good friend Man. I'm such a huge fan. Oh, you looking at me. Drew's a I'm a huge fan of Drew. I Love it. Why you looking at me? Really what Ish asked me off camera. Why I didn't think about the Drew Ski skit. Why Didn didn't think about doing that? Like Ish. Why you don't believe in supporting black men and brothers supporting each other. Man, why? I gotta think of that. That's flip. That's not Flip's style. Said why don't too much nuance for that. No, you, but you asked me that off camera. I didn't hear you. Mark, say it again. While, while I'm paying attention. I said it's not your bag. Like you, you do a different style of comedy. He, That's all I said. Well, No, he said, he said it was too nuanced for you. No, that's not what he said. It isn't. Is that what you said? Not exactly. No. What'd you say? I don't remember exactly what I said.


It is. Okay. All right. Thank you. Me holding me down. It's definitely not exactly what I said. Hey listen, it's, listen y'all different styles. Exactly. And I, and I support Druke and I can adapt to anything though. I, I don't doubt that. Watch me on to point then when you see, I don't doubt that. I think you could be George watch. I think you could be George Carlin if you want it to be. I don't know who that is. And I, and I think that's a dis No it what? No, actually It is a disc. Watch George. Okay. I give up. Alright. Thank you. Another big thing, big marriage. Big marriage. Big marriage. An Announcement. Love is in the air. Yes. Something's in the air. Travis Hunter, Travis Hunter married his, It is a high school sweetheart. His high school sweetheart. Yeah. At least college sweetheart. I mean, When you're like 20, it just feels the same.


Call it That. But Travis Hunter is the second pick from this recent NFL draft. He went to the Jaguars Jacksonville. He went to Colorado. You know, explain to my parents. Yeah, he's a, he's a star. He's a star player on both offense and defense, which is extraordinarily rare Who came under fire because after a lot of his big moments, his girlfriend seemingly made it about her. At least that was the Internet's interpretation of her behavior. Yeah. So the fact that they're married now is a conversation. I guess. Not just that. How you feel about that, Joe? Not, Not just that they married, that's it's not got married with no prenup. And they posted no prenup in the pictures Before the prenup part though. I'm just saying. 'cause like, you know, when we first talked about this four months ago, five months ago, you said, see if she'll be around in a year.


He married her, which was my prediction that they, that she was there for the long haul. That doesn't negate mine. It doesn't, I'm not saying you're wrong. I don Know she the hall of what though? The, the long haul of of Justice Bank truck. Right. You are breaks. No, I'm just saying, you know, I'm not saying you're wrong. I'm saying does this change in your, your estimate or your prediction at all? No. No. You still, okay, You Think five, six months it's gonna be over? I mean, I'm not, listen, I'm a, I love, love. So don't make, I don't wanna put death dates on people's relationship. Yeah, I don't wanna do that. You wish the best. I mean, no, I don't, I don't necessarily wish the best.


I don't know them. I don't give a fuck about them. But, but goddamn damn. I love, love who? Fuck, fuck them. Fuck them niggas. I don that. But, but how do, how do we feel about the no prenup thing? How do we Know about the no prenup thing? They posted post. They chose It. Oh, Okay. Is It official? Because I know it was like a rumor. It is alleged. I don't know if they said like, we didn't sign a prenup. That's a weird thing to announce, right? Yeah. It's super weird girl. Not, not, not no Prenup. I'm keep not in the clout chasey world. It's not. Yeah, I was about to say. And in the world we live in where everybody, that's gonna be the question YI wonder if y'all know, let me put that out there. They're gonna go run crazy. I wanna say, Ooh, that's the world we Living in today. That's possible that he, that they did that in a, you know, to try to deflect away from all the negative attention she had received earlier last year.


She got that nigga wrapped Around her finger. Could they Have just posted that as a joke? Yes. For the same reasons. They just said for Attention. Oh, attention. I mean, Conversation still Don't change. It Don't Change. Okay. I mean, I'm okay with no prenup and I don't, I don't, I don't think it's an issue. But you're 40 something years old. Do you think that your 20 something year old self would've said the same thing? I mean, to be honest, I think I have more of an argument now for signing the prenup than I did at 20. No, It goes farther than that. It goes farther than that. Okay. Go ahead. Go ahead. You're a 20 something year old self that just walked into a potential financial windfall. But that's exactly, that's what I mean. Yeah. You know, you weren't 20 something, Your mark was still struggling, But I'm prenup for this.


But, but you're 20 year A prenup with a coat, nigga. He had a coat. What we splitting, right? Your 20-year-old mentality or 20 something year old mentality. Travis, I never was a prenup person with his sim. Same circumstances, Travis. I mean, I've never been a prenup person. I mean, I'll say this, I think there's nothing wrong with signing a prenup. And I think paperwork and contracts as uncomfortable as they are, prevent problems later. And I say that in business too, right? Signing contracts, no matter how uncomfortable they are, prevents fallout later. So I have no problem with people who signed prenup, I think's, I don't think it's wrong to do. I personally had no desire to do It. Is it just prenup or would you do that in like a business deal too with no paperwork?


No, in The business deal? I, I would absolutely. I believe in paperwork in general. I mean, there's times where I haven't done it. It's always come back to bite me every time. I haven't signed paperwork, it's come back to bite me. So I'm curious if you feel, 'cause marriage is basically a business. Yeah. So business arrangement. So why would you be so cool with no prenup for marriage? It's, I can't say that I would be cool with a prenup under any marital circumstance, but in my particular circumstance, I felt good with it. I felt comfortable with it. But again, I don't think it's, I don't think I'm right and other people are wrong. Again, everybody should do it. No, I'm just, thats a case by case basis. Yeah. It's a case by case basis. Sure. I, I felt comfortable. I felt comfortable with a couple things. Make it real short, my wife and I.


Can you push that mic closer to you? What'd you say? Can you push that? Oh yeah, yeah. Sorry. My wife and I had been together on and off for a long stretch of time. Okay. And I felt like a lot of the moves that I made were based on her wisdom and her advice. I felt like a lot of the success I had was based on things that she told me. So I felt like there was a way that I felt like she was entitled to some of the stuff that I had. So, and I knew that whatever we had after we got together, she deserved. So, so for me, in my case, a prenup, She was already contributed to you? Yeah. I felt like she earned it. So for my case it didn't make sense to me. Gotcha. But again, everybody's situation is different. If I were Elon Musk marrying somebody tomorrow, I would, I'm not gonna say I'd feel the same way because I wouldn't got it.


You know what I mean? I don't think that anybody who marries Elon Musk deserves. And again, you know how I feel about billionaires. But just in, in, in, as a matter of ethics and logic, I don't think anybody deserves half of it. Just by virtue of getting married, I I want that money to go to poor people. Not to fucking the woman he married to get half of it. Okay. Lemme ask you, lemme ask you a question or She was four. Mark, mark. Lemme ask you a question. You talking about God forbid y'all, you and your, you and your wife don't work out. You get divorced and later on you go to get remarried. Would you prenup that? Because now you already got all this and that person didn't help you get any of it? That's one of 'em. Counterfactual hypotheticals. If, if, if, if me and my wife don't work out, you ain't never seeing me getting married again. I'm gonna be, you gonna see you go see me in the worst one.


Done the worst of places. Got it, got it. Put it like this. You gonna see me and Imani out a lot. You gonna see We gonna be taking selfies and she gonna be on Instagram. We gonna be in the wildest of places, nigga. Yeah. So that's a, that that's a non-factor. Gotcha. That's an interesting choice that he made though. And I'm surprised that his family, if it's true, 'cause they could be trolling. Yeah. I'm surprised his family allowed that to happen. They grown. He's I and can't I know. Can't disallow it. They can't. But I'm sure that they could, you know, levy a lot of pressure. Like we Don't know. They have, everybody's family's different and not just that we don't know that they have it.


We don't know that they not feeling none of this. You know, there's instances where they go to go off and get married under whatever circumstances and the family don't like that shit. Or people will be rebelling on purpose. You know, his mom said something. Yeah. I mean his mom is heavily involved in his career. She knows. Is that, You know that to be true. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, his mother is part of, you know, everything nigga. He A doctor. She's involved and she's offered to Marry him. Nigga Don't think I wouldn't. Very small fee from that video, from that video that's circulating to him dancing at what looks like a reception. I don't know if it's his reception. It look like he probably ain't ever had no black pussy Say this. I'm just going put it out there. Safe This on.


Say it. Where you from? You. I have no idea. I don't know nothing about Travis on there outside of what Deon Sanders told me. But I know when it looked like a nigga ain't never had no black pussy, That's The setup to lose everything. And that's what Jayden, Daniel's moms is sitting there saying will not be happening to her son. Yeah, good Point. Yeah. She just goes overboard To who? Us, us the streets. She, she looking at it as if I don't go overboard, we get that he might sunk. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So I'm just cur, oh, first let me ask you Mel, because you're in an interesting situation. You're in an interesting position as the only no, the only woman on the set.


Right. How do you feel about the, how do you feel about the prenup? Yo How do you feel about the prenup? Like, would you have entered any ma any potential marriage that you considered? Would you have done it without a, with a prenup? Without a prenup? I would want a prenup. Yes. But that's just at this stage of my life. This you would Want one? Yes. On whose behalf? On both of Ourves. Why? Gotcha. You don't take your Gracie Award, Nigga. I got, Oh shit. I got just back watch fucking Keep motherfucker playing with me. I got assets, bitch. Okay, watch him Off nigga. Watch him off.


Cut Daisy in half. Ain't gonna let that I, man, what the fuck? Hold on. What's wrong with y'all nigga picking mail like that? She got the bookshelf. Nigga, watch your fucking mouth. She got the Mac cheese recipe. The catcher, the rod. Who gets this tv? She got asses nigga. The 27 inch does Zen. I got you. He Grew up in West Palm. West Palm Beach. West Palm. West Palm Beach. Oh yeah. Hi Mark. Alright. Easy. That was one of Mark's better jokes. What, what's, what's that? Yeah, That Joe's assessment is probably very correct.


So All white girls. Yeah. Walk with like who gets the king mad? Hey, they're collectors fucking items. Okay. They're collectors items Right now. Keeping my smooth, smooth Magazine collector's item, collector's item. Anyhow, yes, I would wanna sign Aup Niggas play with, I'm not gonna play with me something. Shoot, nigga, talk to me like you talk to fucking Theo. Nigga. Watch your fucking tone. Yeah, don't, don't come over here. Talk to me like you talked to Malcolm Jamal. Have you saw that? Yeah, I seen it. Oh, we all saw that. I did It. And we can get to this later. You guys can tell me your assessment of, of how, of how we interacted with one another. However, at this stage in my life, let's go.


I would want a prenup I Assets. No, no, no. Listen for him. I love the fact, if this is in fact true, that he is that in love with his girl. I love that. I love that for him. I don't think the prenup necessarily Has, I think that's a bad reason. How much you love or don't love. Yes, I do. Yes I do. I absolute, oh, I disagree with that. I, no, I abso I'm thinking like, I, I'm trying to think like a very, very young person and how idealize, how much we idealize love. You know what I'm saying? It's different at this age where we have life experience and shit like that. Jaded. There you go. Cynicism and all that shit. We really idealize love and we look at our partner as forever and I, you know, like I love that.


I love that. For him, if it's a hard lesson for him to learn in the future, we don't know. We don't know. But I love the fact that he idealizes love so much and feels that level of connection with his partner that he feels like this is forever. I think that's, I think that's very sweets. And I think that, I think that's a bad reason. I think it's A terrible fucking reason. Yeah. I think love is not a terrible fucking reason, but It is. It is the fact. Yeah. Yeah. I think congrats to them on their marriage. I think it's a smart move for a young man about to move into a bunch of money to get married and stay outta some potential pitfalls that we see other people fall into. True. Yeah. That's a fact. I Think you should be looking at the positive things about this shit. That's what I'm saying because I'm, I'm going with the positive And you better make it work too, because black women will have their, I told you so moment in the event that it doesn't, what's his girl's they gonna add a moment.


Black girls don't care. It be a story. White, white, white guy got killed by his white girlfriend at the house. Black girls be like told you, told you, told you you fucking with the white. Hey yo. Speaking of that. Oh wow. Did, did you, did you hear about that? Black girls don't give a Fuck that. Fuck he died, y'all. The white, the white girl that killed the her black boyfriend, she's not charged. She off. She got off. She got off. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Black girls was like, see that's what happened when you keep going. Vanilla ice cream quality own factory with all that jungle fever shit. Yeah. Your wife could take the argument places you can't. She would take it further. Take it further. Congratulations and Andrea, congratulations.


Couple. That part. And his wife. I don't see a long road, but shout out to prenup. Mel, I'm down with you Mel. Yeah, Thank you. Mel said I got assets. Go ahead Mel. She shit, I do you know Mel, Mel enough to have something in that savings now. That's true. She got nothing. She got the, she got the, she got 2 0 1 k. She got some old shit. Mel got something, she got some tools and somebody might have left her a little something. Nigga come steal Mel Ho. Oh, you be one of the young niggas from the Bronx. Hey, you see my Instagram on daisy Shy? Wait, that's on the front page of my Hulu this morning.


I've seen this story a million times already. But no, the white guy who just conned women all around the world and thinking that he was they man, yo, he got on, he was killed. Oh, was it the dear John? Shit, He Yeah, but but it's a different one. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Didn't know. Oh, okay. Because I watched one doing Netflix or something. It is the same white dude. Yeah, It is the same dude. That's cool. That nigga white Mel, why you think you can't get spun? Meaning like a young man can't come into your life and get you the trick on him. Let him let, let you let him drive the car trick. You Know, daddy. Oh. Oh wait. Trick tricking is different. Like so you would trick. Well, no, no, no. Wait, just clarify this giving gifts is different from putting you in my fucking will and putting you as the beneficiary of my law life insurance policy.


That is a huge, Well you be driving hours motherfucking Different. You drop hours to chill girl, you drop three hours just to go chill on the Couch. Couch. I just like everybody to know. He does not know fuck all. He just lemme Go all Fuck all Outside the crib. Canadian didn't even go in the house. You outside of the balcony shut up Any who See that? Yeah. And that's still different from signing the diet. Very much so. But Mel would definitely sign a nigga. I It wouldn't, it would never happen Mel. Love It would never happen. The point Is, Mel, you love or you love Mel, you love, you gotta stop doing that. It would never happen behind The back. Watch your mouth mean A fricking frack.


What are you saying over there? He's another loving boy. I'm alright with, I wanna say it. Go ahead or not with you at all. I'm not going. I'm with her nigga with It is spinning you like a top. Yeah. Why do you I don See that. What? That little, what's that little game that talking? I don't See that. I don't See that For me, I think Mel, I think Mel is a romantic. Thank you. That's what I was trying to say. Maybe, maybe even to a fault. And I think that the right nigga, the right young nigga too, start saying and doing the shit that you really been wanting. Nigga starts spitting lyrics from Hey Marta, See that? I never heard that they started Boy, Mel.


No, I think Mel is probably not that to a fault. Like that's probably why you're not married now. It is. 'cause you, you've been too like defensive with shit. It is on some level. Oh Yeah. And guess what? Get a this. Yeah. Yeah. Get him parked. Yeah, he's absolutely right. Look, no, he's absolutely right. I, I've had, I've had, didn't it that way, what You just do. I've had an avoidant attachment style my whole fucking life. Where's that? What was that right there? Heisman? Avoid Accountability. You know, you know the biggest move. Your hands never heard that? No. Okay. I never heard that. No, no, no. But Parks is absolutely right. I don't see Mel getting spun. Yo. For real. Thank you Mark. Yeah, you're absolutely right. It It can happen. I'm with y tell you I've known Mel for 15.


I've never seen her spend a dollar on anything like damn. Oh shit. I don't See That there was that one time. That's What I'm saying. You know, You right with that one person. Right. So that's what I'm saying. I could see Mel doing emotional labor, but I don't see Mel actually reaching in her pocket, giving somebody her credit card or signing. That's not, that's not getting spun. You ain't gotta reach in your pocket. I'm saying I don't see a sign of no paperwork neither for the same reason. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about a young nigga coming into male life right now and taking her on a fucking ride of Ferris wheel nigga. Yes, I get that. And what happen? And she would, and he'll get some dollars outta her. I don't saying giving up no bread telling you She ain't wired wage. She ain't wired that way. Oh, we can't do that's no, that's true. How we going do? Yeah, I'm sorry. That was crazy.


I we ain't gonna talk about male's love life. I don we should be hyperfocused. Paul, let's get off of that. Absolute, no worries. Not as Gracie. Not with her here, not as a Gracie. It was way better when you weren't here. We was able to really hyperfocus. Yeah. Let's talk about if home girl ain't get women's intuition that night. Shit, Mel was in the fucking B blender already. That was a whole different kind of sponge. Mel was in the B blender already. If homegirl didn't get that feeling in her gut, I can feel it in the Mel was already halfway, halfway to the moon. She was twisting the beds. Kicked my ass for saying chicken. Got it done because it didn't. Ciroc did okay. It did not.


Okay. I say I think nobody's hyperfocused on your love one. Okay, All fine. No problem. Chicken Didn't get but the chicken too much on yo. I didn know that when we hyperfocused we be, it'd be shit there. It wasn't a chicken yo. It wasn't. And on top of that, Mel, Mel, real quick. Did you come up with a decision? Mel was the first DoorDash Mel did you come up with a decision so we could talk about what you know, what we saw over the weekend? Or you should just man, we we'll leave it alone. We we'll leave it. We'll leave. Yeah. Remember when Joe called you? Yeah. No It is. Mm. Yeah. Corey, I think we gotta put that Mac and cheese a Preheated man. You was trying to get to Mel. Look at me. You trying to get to the bag. Damn res. All racks all Right. Yeah. The bad guy ain ever gonna Fucking share. Can I But, and this is for everybody.


How come, how come when y'all do certain shit outside of here, we can't talk about it? You can, but it's the way you do it. We totally can. It is the way you do. And like if you talk about a regular, like you don't hold no punches. Hey, I saw that bullshit. You did. Boy look at fuck. Like you gotta hold punches with your friends because when you, it it takes, when you on such a big broadcast and you're doing your own thing coming from you who put us, who hired us? You wanna hear positivity, positive Ity highlight, Not Highlight. Not just that. Yo. And we wanna hear some praises. Nah, Fuck that. Hey you do, wait, hold on. Lemme finish nigga, before you take further. We do like, we do like when you get praises, but when you not on that praise shit it, It is a sting.


It ain't Even about the sting, but it's just a lot of motherfuckers hang on your every word. That's what, Thank you. So Like you called it negativity highlighter at one point. Yeah. Even though that was a, a thing about that, a specific instance. But you coming out trashing something that somebody out here is working on could lead to a lot of shit. It is facts The same way you coming out. Whether you not, if you don't say nothing and they just do it, it do fine. You coming out praising something that somebody working on could lead to a lot of shit on the other side. You guys, your voice is dumb. Help you Guys, you guys bear with me for a second. Work with me. Yes sir. I feel like we've had that talk before. I have, we have I received the message there. You have.


That's not what I'm saying. Okay. I'm saying if somebody outside of here do something that would indeed be classified as nutty, We shouldn be able to talk about it. I'm not talking about me creating a narrative off of something positive. Got we. You talking about if I go outside, if I, that's not what I met. Nm just if I gonna leave here and bug out. Yeah, I'm just saying that. And if I Come back in here, I'm supposed to act like business as usual. Nothing happened. Y'all like yo dog, Like my sleepwalk and shit. I did not expect to come back to work and it not be mentioned. Right. Even though that was beyond my control. Yeah. There's more, less. I mean you let my example with that. Yeah. I mean you are we sure So, but wouldn't that be stupid to come to work in this workplace with the people in this workplace and say don't talk about that.


Yo, don't talk about me sleepwalking y'all. If The sleepwalk didn't go public. Well I talked about it before and it never went public before went public. I talked about sleeping in a bed with somebody. No, I'm saying embarrassing thing in the universe. No, this particular situation and how it unfolded Walking didn't go public then none of us would've mentioned that. You get what I'm saying? Or how would you know that? Unless you was in the hallway? It Well it might have been something that we like, We could found out internally. Yeah. Like let's say hypothetically you were going through that internally and the world didn't know about it. It never got Brought It. Okay. How about let's try this a different way. Gotcha. Well Mel had published. Yeah. Say that. Don't apply to that. Did she expect because she put it public for nobody to say nothing?


That's my question. Yes. For the second time. Yes. Man, that shit has so much. Okay. That's so many views. Okay, what are we talking about? I have No idea. No it doesn't. Listen, I listen. Linda, what? Talking It doesn't matter. Oh, moving right along. That's right. Moving right along. Yo, really? If you gonna do this. Yes. I Really don't know. Did you end the sale? It's Fine. Yes, it's fine. But What made you, oh My god. You Look at me, look at me at your brother, you to talk. I think it's good to put it on the channel too. Yes. Corey. So many an audience cares. That's telling you. Please go put it in there. Oh, okay. Hold on. I gotta take a break. What made you post that man? Let's, let's you go to the kitchen. We gonna talk about your back. We, we, we'll just get, she put the half fall. That shit was $3.


I didn she said half off. Girl, you wasn't making 10. It wasn't 20. That shit was 3, 2, 9, 9. I support creators. I thought that was, I about to say I support creators. I just had the conversation about Yes. You know what I mean? Yes. With that shout to big man. I'm not familiar with this story, but whatever she's doing, I support it. That's fully yo be careful. Extremely careful. As a content creator, I support it. Be careful. Yeah. Tricky. So, Mel can you, can you break it down for us? Just so, because I'm not, I'm not familiar with this story. She doesn't want to, we gonna move on. Okay. Oh, if you don't wanna talk about it. Okay. What is our next order of business? Mel's the greatest.


Let me set a timer. Yo. Can, can, can y'all Our next order of business is the mac and Cheese. Cheese that she's Cooking apparently. Oh, did you put an oven again? I just, I put it in the You ain't Preheat. The oven was preheated. She About to put, she about to put Come on. How long do you cook it for? Mel? Put the cheese on the bottom of the pan. Mel. Excuse Me. It was, no, I just do a, I do a light. Mel put The, Mel puts cheese on the bottom of the Pan. I do, I do a light dusting. How you put cheese? How long does it cook for? It's cooking for like 35 minutes. But I'm, I have to get up in order to take the foil off in order to crisp at the top. That's a convection oven. Hmm. Alright. Nevermind. I about to be so dancers. No, that's just a regular oven.


That's convection. Do you normally make it in a regular oven that Expensive as oven? Better be convection. Let's see what happens. Okay. Ain't no bullshit over there. Nah, I may taste, I may taste the mac and cheese just to see. Just there we go. Alright. Flip. Will you taste it too? No, I'm lactose intolerant. Okay. Okay. He's Done. He over layer. He's Come on flip. Let's just one bite Paul. Oh Shit. Yo. And this is what happens. You be wild on rah. You know what? Yo, that Diddy shit. Yo, When you on that Rah, look at you nigga. I just asked you talk popping champagne. You get a little different nigga. You put your whole body in the seat. You good doc? I'm great. I just asked the question, man. Kanye West, move on. Yes. Speaking of Diddy, there's been a lot of Kid Cudi talk.


Yes sir. There's some, there's a serious part and a not so serious part. But I guess the first part is the actual case Puff's. Lawyers want the Kid Cudi testimony taken out. And as somebody who is appalled by Diddy and appalled by this whole story, I feel bad. But they right, they're Wrong. They're wrong. What is it based on? Well, They want, you think, did these lawyers are wrong? Yes. Yes. Tell me why. I think think why did they Want, wait, hold on. Why did they Want it removed? Okay. They want kid cuddy's testimony removed because they said it's all speculation. True. Okay. They they, they, he didn't actually witness anything. How do you know Puff did, came in your house and opened your gifts, locked the dog up. How do you know he was the one behind whatever happened to your car? Some like you didn't see him.


You have no proof it's him. True. So this is exactly what his team said. Okay. Kid Cudi glasses On. He Right. I know Kid Cuddy's speculation about Combs involvement had minimal probative value. Whereas the danger of unfair prejudice, particularly since he was opening, since he was opening about ultimate issue as to which he was the alleged victim. Whether Combs was guilty of arson or one of the charged racketeering acts was great. I, I think But the point is during testimony, object to this shit. Exactly. I've been in the court where I didn didn't see No, it's hearsay. Speculation. Objection. Objection. And they'll beat that whole fucking argument up.


Basically kill him on the crawl. Yo, they allowed pictures to be shown of a car that got burnt up to influence the jury motherfucker who burnt your car up. How and prove that I burnt your car up. And in the conver in Cutty's testimony, he says he met with Puff at some, some Soho House, Soho house. He met with Puff there. They had a conversation and he was like, yo, but about my car Puff's response was what Car? Yeah. So even if I'm the lawyer, yo, my client didn't even know what the fuck he was talking about. Even when you talked to him, he Didn't know. But, but then a couple of years ago he, he stated that him and Puff ran into each other again and Puff talked all that shit. Yeah. And Puff was remorseful. Just said, I'm sorry for all that shit. Yes. It was fucking my girl. That is hearsay.


Yeah. Like dog. It's not hearsay, but but I get your point. It it, it, it has, it has limited value. All right. It is not hearsay. 'cause he, he told him directly. He told him directly, it's not hearsay, but when you saying, yo, he came in my my house and did this to my car. What I mean he no cameras unwrapped my gifts. He turned my alarm off. I know. I shouldn't find that for you. He Put my dog in the, in the, in the bathroom. You can't prove Puff did none of that shit or even ordered it done. Maybe we, I mean behind closed doors, we might think that he did, but you can't prove that. Yeah. No one didn't proven It is too, it's Two totally many different things and you influenced the jury and you influenced the public by saying I did all these things. But, But that's why I'm saying Diddy's lawyers are Right. You no, they're wrong. They shouldn't have gotten to that. They shouldn't have did That at the press. I think I think that's true too.


Yeah. I think they fucked up. Yeah. And I think Diddy has a, a real argument for ineffective counsel, which might be the, the backdoor strategy here. No, Diddy intended. But, but, but, but aside from the backdoor strategy, You saying theoretically it should be Exon. I agree with You. Right. But I still think they have an argument that this should be thrown out. Because ultimately I want, as whatever I think of Diddy and I don't think much of Diddy, I still want defendants in general to be Have a fair, have a fair trial. Yeah. To have a fair trial and somebody bringing in some shit. If, if Cudi had said, look, Diddy told me he learned it out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's different then that's fine. That's Not hearsay. But I'm like, he fucking told you. He he what What said, I don know what you're About. I dunno what you're talking about. Which any reasonable person would say, of course, because you think they're wearing a white. Of course. Of course.


So I, I understand why Diddy would want this thrown out is all I'm saying. And I I hate that it went down that way. And I believe Cudi, I believe Cudi a hundred percent. I'm sure a bunch of people believe that this is the truth. Yeah. But that's a Law works what we believe to be the truth. And what you can prove is the truth are two totally different things. And I think that his, his, his lawyers and them dropped the ball on that. They Totally dropped the ball. But I think that, but the thing that I I keep they gonna Be strategy. I again, I maybe they're, they're trying to prepare for an ineffective counsel some shit where like, look, there was some shit here where clearly, You know, I mean like, like Y'all say that I don't view that that way. What, what do you mean? What do you think? Like with the whole ineffective counsel thing? Because they didn't object, object, object.


While Kid Cudi was up there. If, if, if you know someone, I must say Kid Cudi is another star witness. All the reports I've read, that's how they reacted to it. If you noted all of his testimony, you might have a chance to take it out. Maybe you let him go. Maybe that, maybe that's a strategy. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. But, but, but, but disagree. I don Appeal for ineffective counsel because this was so obviously they should, I don't understand y'all saying different. I'm not saying that that happens for him to file for ineffective counsel later. I'm saying if the council is great, maybe their strategy together is to let all of that go and have all of it stricken. Oh. Which I, which is why I say the I agree. I see what you're saying now.


Yeah. And that's why I say I think they're right from making, making this I think It is. Right. And I, and I agree with you that they're doing the right thing here. Yo, Let's keep it a buck though. The jury can't unhear what they heard. That's what I was about to Say. And that's the hard part. The Jury unhear what they heard. I heard this shit. Right. And they already, but the truth is they already heard that shit before they got to court. Yeah, but I didn didn't see the pictures of the car. None of us saw the pictures of the car different. I didn know, I knew about him blowing up car. I didn't know about the gifts in the house. I didn about gifts and breaking in the house and all that other shit. That's more diabolical than him blowing up my car. Yeah. That's Some cold blooded shit. Shit. He Broke in my house. He disarmed the alarm and put my dog in the bathroom and unwrap my Gifts. Not to be toxic. Not to be toxic. What we talking about to be toxic. That's way scarier than a nigga throwing a Molotov cocktail in Your car. Not to be toxic, but if my wife ever were to date somebody else, and I don't know if she hears this part of the podcast, I'd like to.


It's very Deep enough. I I'd like to. Yeah, I hope so. But I'd like to actually, I want, I may send this to her. That's The damn Marino on you. I do this, this is the level of petty and diabolical that I want aspire to be. I don't support anything Diddy has done. But I understand the idea of tracking down. If my particularly if she were like cheating, not so much. Like if she just, if we break up, if you break up, yeah, You, you on Your move on with your life. But if there's just another nigga that's showing up or showing attention. Yeah. I wanna unwrap his gifts. His dog, his dog gonna go missing. You know what I mean? He may have a drop top that he didn't buy. You know what I'm saying? Like, am I alone in this flip? I know you understand.


You've been married 19, 19 more than 19 years. You 17 years. Number one. Number two, you, you're not alone. But I'm not gonna elaborate. I learned how to edit myself. I gonna elaborate. Park Parks you with me too, right? I I, no, I ain't even gotta ask ice. I already know Ice. Ride with me. Yo. Real quick though. How y'all feel about thug calling Cuddy a rat? Call him a rat. What The fuck? He's a subpoenaed witness. H how, how does, how does snitch culture overlap with this when you are subpoenaed but you have a federal fucking subpoena. He's a Civilian. The kid Couldn couldn't even remove himself from hip hop.


I stand, I stand with thug on this one. Yeah. Did he freeze the kid? Shut up. Mark. What? He's such a liar. I'm on my on my mama. He does. No you don't. He How he stated that position from the day he walked In's a federal subpoena. Don't Recall. And If you, you don't gotta give the testimony, I don't recall is what you say. Freeze. Did kid Cuddy remove himself from hip hop? Huh? No, I can't say. So there's Rules, industry rules and there's rules that you abide. You asking the wrong nigga. No, I'm just asking though. Hold on, hold on. He room three B. Where's the no, no, no. Where's the hip hop snitch rules? You know about rules? It's an interesting talk here. I wish y'all would have it. I'm Trying Where's the hip hop rule book that Says it's not about it. It is an unspoken. You said there's rules.


It is an unspoken rule in hip hop since before Eric being and Rakim yo bro, Stop. It is unspoken. I'm gonna let you finish. Go Ahead. Yeah. Where a lot back in the days, a lot of people you talking about today or what you talking about? We Not back in the days. You Said back in the days. Alright. What I saying is that you said where's the rules? The unspoken rule rules. Back in the days, a lot of the rappers hung out with street niggas and they rapped about the niggas that they were hanging out with. Correct. And they, they embodied their lifestyle. I'm with you a thousand percent. So what I'm saying is that that rule, unspoken rule trickled down to today. Okay. In hip hop. Can I ask a question? You're not supposed to tell. Take a stand against What, what what street niggas did hip did Kid Cudi align himself with in rap about he didn't do none of the stuff of the people that you talking about.


And he didn't come up that way. And back in the day, he's not a part of none of that Basketball. You can only take two steps. Now nowadays niggas take five and get to the bucket. It's a whole different ballgame. I think that that the what you are correct and where you come from and where I may come from and where Mark May come from that don't apply to other people in hip hop. Some of these niggas didn't come from that. Some of these boys grew up in the suburbs and played with Asan and learn how to make they own beats and all that other shit and took a whole Different way. This is why I understand. Listen, this is why if they said Kelsey did that and Tory ain't snitch this, I would attribute it to his following. Understand who's of hip hop. Can I and Mark and Mel have the fight?


I'm, I'm, I might be with Mel. I'm confused by your position. You can be, I'm consistent with this. This is what I'm saying. Cudi has every legal right to do what he did. And I don't know if I would use the word rat. 'cause I I like to reserve the word rat for people who commit crimes and then together understand, sell out the person who they committed crimes with. Yes. Yeah. But I absolutely wouldn't do what Cudi did. You know what I mean? And Which is testify. Which Is testify. I mean, the nigga, the nigga opens your Christmas presents like, like there's a way to handle shit like that. And that's not It. But he ain't built to handle That. And I don't respect that. And, and and Thug doesn't respect that. I'm not saying he doesn't have a right to do it. And I think civilians should do civilian shit.


I'm just saying. And, and I, that's why I don't love the word rat. I think I would've used a different word to describe it. Ta tale. But I, yeah, but I would definitely criticize that. Especially, especially because Cudi was talking about I want to See that nigga, I want to fight that nigga. I told, I met up with that nigga. They had a talk about him hiding his dog and, and and taking his his target truck. Like Yeah. I'm like, I'm super shocked by your position that, that shit, I'm not, You Just said that's the other day. I I I said all the time like, you gotta take a, you gotta take a lane again. If you are a civilian, you do civilian shit. Fine. I feel like this podcast started with him expressing how happy he was that some of the covert behavior is coming to the limelight. Right? Yeah. But I don't think all covert behavior needs to be handled through the criminal legal system.


I think there's a way to handle nigga. So would it be okay for, for a kid Cudi to try and try and shake down Puff You be would be fine with that part? I was thinking of a different response to that one that I wouldn't necessarily say podcast. When, when he saw Puff in the Soho house, he could have Mary fist. That's what I'm saying. You standing to, you stand in front of him after saying you want to fight the nigga. In the event that somebody doesn't wanna fight the person that they may be afraid of. What do you suggest they do? One, don't say I wanna fight the nigga. And two, I'm not holding People ask for a new Porsche And not just that he let the shit, yo at least the shit was 2012. He let the shit go for like, he let it go. He got subpoenaed. It ain't like he walked up and said, Hey let me tell y'all something about him. Yeah. I'm not, they subpoenaed the nigga.


I'm not calling him a rat. But what she said that, and I'm shocked because in the, in your very first breath, You, I don't wanna say applaud the behavior from, from puff up toward Kid Cudi, but empathize with it and understand where that person's coming from and could maybe identify if put in a similar situation. Yes. So you wanna be able to do all the things Puff did to keep Cudi without the repercussion of the nigga going to jail. I mean I the nigga putting forth the action to put you in jail. Start from the premise. You're missing an important premise here, which I don't necessarily think jail and prisons is the way to resolve our conflict. Yeah, he always said that. So I'm, but I don't believe there shouldn't be consequences for behavior.


Are you surprised because of you? Are you surprised because of Mark Lamont? 'cause you would, you would understand what we're saying. Of course he would You surprised done the same shit? No. Are you surprised? 'cause it's Mark Lamont Hill. Is that what I'm, I'm surprised that a man in your stature because I'm hearing, I'm just hearing different things, conflicting views and I'm saying it's consistent. If, if you really hear what I'm saying, It is consistent. I don't believe in jail, in prison. I believe in accountability. Shit gotta come from somewhere. Question. I'm I'm, but it should only come from women. I'm not opposed to Yes sir. Oh, I see what you saying. I'm saying men, women, whoever. I'm saying no, you're not saying there's no woman involved in this. Okay. I'm not doing this with you Indirectly. I think you're missing my point. I'm saying indirectly. I'm saying if you, if Joe, if somebody blew your fucking carb, you would not call the police. You'd go fuck them up.


I don't know that to be true. No, He won't. Okay, fair enough. I don't know that to be true. If you did let, alright, that's fair. If you did, I would not fault you for that. What If it's someone you can't fuck up Then don't say I wanna fuck them up. What if you They Say that every day about they Can't fuck up Fucking Yeah, but, but for I, but to me that's a contradiction. I'm that I'm pointing out if a civilian does civilian shit, I'm okay, but I'm a civilian. If I, I wouldn't call the police. But if I did, I don't think it's wrong to call the police. I'm not, I'm not saying that's, I said he's not a rat. He didn't do rat shit. This is civilian shit. What's the remedy If someone does some shit to you and you can't fuck him up In your system? Depends. You just eat that. Right? I I would, I would need, I would need a specific example. It depend on what It is. Anybody can't fuck up puff Cut. He can't fuck up puff.


No matter what he said to him on the phone. He quickly realized that after he said it. No, after he said, yo, I'm on my way. Way. Oh shit, you know what? This nigga is squirrel. Here's, here's, here's my take on this situation. Kid Cudi is a civilian here. Yes. He's not beholden to whatever, you know, rules Orion. And he does not think that way. Also, this is, I'm gonna go out on a limb, say this is the first time he's ever had to do what this is testify in front of a, in, in, in front of open court, a federal case having been subpoenaed. What, how the fuck are you, you supposed to know what you're supposed to do. What you're supposed to say, what you're, how, how you're supposed to edit yourself. Audit what you're, what you're saying. Yeah. He's just blah saying it all.


I still, I still wanna know the remedy. Yeah. And, and I I'm not ignoring that question. I just, I'm gonna circle back 'cause I now I understand what you were asking about the just women thing too. Let me be clear. I never believe that the courts in the criminal system is the best way to handle things. I understand as a practical matter that until we provide alternatives, people have to do that. So when someone steals your car or assaults you or kidnaps you or moles you, I'm not saying that you shouldn't, I don't say you snitch or you fucking with the system. No. You have to use the best tools that you have in front of you. I just don't think that that's the ideal system. And that's not for just women, that's for anybody. Right. And including Cudi. So again, I, I don't say Cudi is wrong for doing this and I don't, I definitely wouldn't say Cuddy's a rat for doing that. I think we overuse the word rat and snitch.


It's not, that's, that's just not fair. What I am saying though is I don't play by those rules. And so I can empathize with why thug would feel a way about somebody doing that. Especially if you put the option of fucking him up on the table. Now maybe I'm holding too much weight and I hear y'all, I think you are. Maybe I'm putting too much weight on that. He Could've just said you Shouldn't and that might be fair because if you don't, if you don't mention fucking him up, then I haven't and you call the police 'cause he b blew up your car. I'd still be like, damn, you. You know what I mean? Maybe he Googled like height, weight, said, you know what, say you realize real time. No Mark, mark said he stands by yo, you go to court and you say, yo, I don't recall what happened. Yeah, that's what I don't remember. But I'm still wondering what the murder is, is No, I remember, But Mark also, but I, I would take a civil option over that.


Okay. That's what I'm saying because again, like again it's not, and that's not perfect for me, but at least then it fits my abolitionist principle, which is you took, you blew up my car. You need to restore me to what I lost putting as I keep saying on the show, putting somebody in a cage doesn't restore What you lost. They gotta rewrap the gifts at Neimans. Yeah. What about the emotional, what about, what about the fact that like, yo, this nigga could come in my house anytime he want. He just proved that to me. Get how you better one I about they get a dog. But Puff took that too. Get a real dog. Get a real dog man. He the struggle putting that connect Corso. Oh yeah. Nah. Not at at all.


At all. Was there a reason why he said it? Like was there, was there a question that provoked that response? Kanye West. Just wait before you have an intelligent conversation. Let's just highlight Mark off Mark Rock. Yes, It is not the Ciroc. Mark off the Ciroc. Did did he Juice? Got him. That's crazy. That crazy. It's just the idea of somebody coming to your crib and opening your presence. That's hilarious. Hilarious. That's the motherfucker trying to to send you a message. Yeah. That's so disrespectful. Yeah. Again, that shit remind me of what you took the time to wrap him. It remind me of what happened with NB. A young boy out in Texas when Jay Princeton was trying to holler at him, he was ignoring them, playing them out. And then they went, took his keys to his Rolls-Royce took the umbrellas out just to show you, hey, we can get in here.


Right? Like It is just a message we sent in the car. We ain't fucking nothing up. Huh? Getting in the car versus getting in the car. The car was in the garage. You got in my garage. You you showing me that I could get in here. I wanna laugh too because on my niggas side, this is fucking hilarious. It's just a lot going on with celebrities being stalked. Yeah. You wanna be mindful of where You lend your lap. Niggas is getting they fucking whole jewelry box their whole safe so they lose their crazy, they're running out with the whole safe. Yeah. They killing people. Fucking again. I always go back to Lady Gaga's dog sitter, like Yeah, I just seen It is just too much going on. They fucking tracking the athletes' away schedule and just, they going crazy.


So this is hilarious. But I understand how it's scary as shit. It is. Well nah, shit, I get that. I get that you're Being, and for most people that pay they fucking tax dollars That that the picture I heard about a picture that they took of y'all walking out the stadium. Y'all walking out the stadium, you And your girl and y'all, they said that they was, y'all was hailing down so, or something. Oh, The ring. That's scary. My nigga. The that's regular. I don that's The guard that somebody knows exactly what door you coming out. It's a celebrity door. They all come that door. He, they stand there and just video everybody that come out. Yeah. It's a slightly different situ situation. They catch anybody coming out there or going in anybody.


Okay. And if there's one thing I could count on my driver for Being late, you Lined up It is to not be right where I need him to be. You say that shit all the time. My driver don't really understand on that celebrity stuff. Yeah, no, he don't understand. He don't underst associated with it. Yeah. He don't understand rush. That Too. There's A few things he don't understand. Think He picking up A, A corporate dude. Yeah. He used to drive them niggas, bro. Yeah, It is different. No matter how many times he see me get my dick sucked back there. Right. Oh, you probably See that too. Look, they get they dick sucked too. Yeah. They're they get they dick sucked too. Touche.


Yeah. Touche. Any who, any whos The other thing just to close out the whole rat thing because you were saying it's, it's, it's basically unwritten rules and all of this. One part that a lot of street people in particularly don't understand is those on the other side don't really give a fuck what y'all think. Yeah. And I'm not, that's not true. Some, a lot, some a lot don't. A lot don't play in that world a lot. Don't really care about that world. It's, that's y'all shit. But a lot of niggas trying to emulate that world. Oh, absolutely. There's a lot on that list though. I wouldn't pay him. No, no. Nah. There's people that don't have anything to do with that that y'all try to hold these rules to and it's just, it's unfair to them.


A thousand percent. I agree. Nothing about kid Cuddy ever said, I'm trying to be a street nigga. I care about streets. I'm anything street related. Not even a little bit. You wanna put street w on him? I don a single bar. That sounds like that. I think though, is he a rat thing? Is a question that should never be commercialized. Like that question shouldn't be so mainstream. And I think that's their business. I think that question should never be from thug. Given everything that you've been through and how they just, you shouldn't even, you shouldn't be Why Participating in the, in the conversation. Yeah. Just why? Because he just to flip's point, thug sees the world as this. I'm talking about I am on a ridiculous probation right now.


They are already looking for any reason to fuck with me. I don't want to talk about nothing. Oh, street, I get what you're saying. That game, that that culture I hear that. I Don't wanna talk about none of Hey, what you saying that's unwise. It's so tempting. I hear what you're saying. I'm not disagreeing. Yeah, that's which is why I think he deleted it so fast. Hmm. What? Teas and peace. Teas and peace And PS and D The trial is ongoing, so, we'll if anything else happens, we'll keep you both. You saw, you Saw Boeing getting off scot free. Yeah. I should discussed it keeps happening. See what power Somebody explain it.


They're not gonna be able to be held liable for any of the accidents that have happened recently. Any anything. Yeah. And they, and they grilling them. They're gonna pay some money, pay some fine. They, they found them, they found evidence that they was cutting corners on certain shit. And the, the, the CEO was in front of a congressional hearing. He got a 40% raise, 35% raise from last year. He's at like 33 million a year. $32 million a year. And they basically saying so you could cut corners on building your planes, but you got a 40% pay increase. I wonder why you did that because you lowered the the bottom line by taking the shortcuts, but they ain't gonna hold them in liability at all.


Yeah. Speaking of getting off Donald Trump's Pause. It's crazy. Children, all of you be mature like me please. Donald Trump has been pardoning a lot of people. He pardoned a sheriff in Virginia, your home state for who had given 75. That is his home state. It is his home, not my home state. He be trying to remix it when he tell his upbringing story. I was in DC I was in Baltimore. You was in Ty Charlottesville. You was in Ville, Virginia nigga. Right. We know where You right. DC I've never lived in Virginia in my life.


Al we know We got it buddy. What you talking about? Anyway, there was a sheriff from Virginia named Scott Jenkins who got convicted of fraud. He was literally selling sheriff's, deputy badges and sheriff's deputy status to people. I think he made, how much word he made? Seven. He made 75,000 cash. He cleared a whole 70. Oh we would been Oh, he's in a small town. Yeah, exactly. He was in a small town that the town budget You got yo, give us all what Word what He selling them for two 50 and some Snickers. I don't know. That's What I, What he got convicted is the point. And they found a whole pattern of corruption in the department. He was convicted. Trump pardoned him two days ago. Donald Trump pardoned a tax cheat.


Somebody who had literally had a, a, a tax fraud conviction because he attended, or his mother attended a million dollar plate dinner. So Trump is very clearly saying, if you, if you pay, you're good. And the reason I'm bringing this up is because there's a lot of talk that George Floyd's, killer Chauvin, Derek Chauvin is going to be next on the list to be part. They're fighting, they're fighting for him to be It's a but that don't, that ain't gonna affect the state case though, Is it? It's not. But I'm wondering about just symbolically what it looks like if they forget. I mean, does the country catch on fire again? Do niggas get mad or we at a point where we don't we're over and we just accepted that the world is on? I Think they would do that if he were to in some way be released.


Mm. But because he still got them 20, was it 22 years? Yeah. State. He got crazy state time. Yeah. He got, he got crazy state time. So I think when people realize that, it's like, okay, you did some fuck shit, but you ain't let him out. Right. You can't let him out. The other fear is that if And the governor out there ain't, ain't Oh this governor. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. If you doing 22, you'll wait Three. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't think about that. You Know what I'm saying? Because a lot of times the fed thing is the thing you're most worried about. Like I can't get the president to do it. You can get a governor just about anything. So I'm just saying this country might be on fire against soon. I wouldn't be surprised if we see a whole lot of, for this pay, because of all this pay to play stuff, it's gonna let a lot of guilty people out. Well that nigga said, yo, he giving away, you wanna come in the country five mil Nigga, they're getting ready to do that show that we've been talking about the show with the immigrants.


Yeah. To, you know, you gotta be able to see who can, who can last in order to get their citizenship. You know what I mean? A few things while we're on this law and order segment, how do you guys feel about the decision to try Carmelo Anthony as an adult? I hate it. It's Hard About that. Don't get Carmelo Anthony is the young man that Yeah. Killed that White Boy over there in Texas. And He's how old again? He a minor. Yeah, he's a minor. He's a minor. So why would he be being tried as an adult? You know, a lot of times They Say a lot of times they do that. Yeah. Do they do that so often when there's a brutal murder, They Say, this is so heinous that we are gonna try this person as an adult. Which I never agree with for all the reasons I'm not even convinced you try somebody 18.


He's 18. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm saying at 18 you have an option. But I'm saying we know how the, the frontal cortex works. We know the brain is developed for another eight years. I mean, to try somebody at even 18 to me is, is sketchy. So I think that's an i that's another potential powder thing. I I was about to, that's that's why I thought of it. I I could see America turning upside down just with some of this legal shit coming up. I also wanted to go ahead. I wanted to have a conversation with Mark Joe, but didn didn't mean to interrupt. I'm sorry. No, it's just more law shit. Yeah. I want to talk to him about law and his stance. Mark, do you think that you showed of giving the wrong message when you say that yes, you're not for Oh, okay. You're not for, I know we talked about this before, but the more you elaborate on it, the more it gets confusing.


So people like me and other people, we look up to you for advice and for you to take a a or look down to you for advice. Yeah. Whatever. Or we, you know, we expect you to take a higher road and just preach things that can help the society move forward. Yeah. Yeah. But then when you say that I don't believe in prison, I don't believe in jail. I believe that there's other ways that you handle things. The other way would be would to me, if you're explaining it to me, would be violence. So then you'll still be promoting black on black violence even if that may not be a thing to you or violence in the neighborhood. That can also keep us stagnant, if you understand what I'm saying. I feel that I, I think that that position presumes that there's only one solution and that's violence.


And I'm saying that there are other ways to resolve issues. When I talk about abolition, the first thing I say is it's a long term strategy. It's a long term vision. The, it's about decarceration getting people outta prison, but it's also about ex carceration stopping things from having people go into prison, for example, most people who go are in prison aren't there for violence. They're not there for child molestation, they're not there for rape, they're not there for stalking. Right. Most people are there for, for, for crimes of poverty, for crimes of, you know, so for me, the first thing I would do is I'd say, well, why are we locking people up for gambling? Why are we locking people up for prostitution? Do we really want prostitution to be illegal? Do we really, You know what I mean? Do we really want simple possession of these drugs to be illegal? I can name a bunch of things that we probably could all agree shouldn't be illegal in the first place.


So I'm trying to stop people from going in. I'm also trying to get people out, you know, locking people up for certain crimes to me as opposed to work release as opposed to suspended sentences as opposed to community service. There are things we could do to get people out. I'm not saying resolve our problems. I'm not saying like somebody steals your tv, punch 'em in the face. Okay. Although that might be my natural inclination. I don't wanna make law based on my natural inclination. I would say if somebody steals my tv, how can I, how can I, how can they make me whole again? But the but you're not, you're not making it clear that there should be consequences. You're basically like putting the bandaid over open wounds when you say, okay, just if somebody do something, if you, there should be consequences for your actions and Where's, where's the deterrent to somebody else who was stealing your tv?


So 'cause that for, for a couple folk, Hey, I ain't gonna go, we ain't gonna, I'm not gonna break in that house because if we get caught, I know I might have to go sit up and do X, Y, ZI, I think that's the right question. I I think both of your questions are the right question. I think first the thing that stops people from, I don't just wanna stop people from stealing TVs. I wanna eliminate the desire to steal my tv. Okay. What makes people steal? Not steal my TV jobs usually. Okay. I see opportunity access. So you wanna go to, you wouldn't go to the court. We gotta get it the root. Got it. You know what I mean? And, and, and to me those are the types of things. Now again, some nigga just wanna steal TVs. Some people just wanna commit assault. Some people just wanna do harm even when they're not poor or desperate. So I'm not pretending that the world can all be fixed through social programs, but most of it can be usually when you get a lot of it, a lot of it a lot.


You know what I mean? When you get rid of, I don know about most. Yeah. I I I don't even say a lot. I'll take that a lot. Well, he just said a story the other day where somebody went through all the resources, went through all the social program, and came outside and did a crime. We just, all This stemmed from a very rich man doing some fucking crazy heinous and slash Petty shit. Right. So one could argue that we should reign in their wealth. Oh, I'm with you on that. Yeah. Which could this all my stuff is connecting here. I'm saying that Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm seeing what you're saying. All these, even if people don't agree, they connect. Right. So I'm, I'm not saying people should be reckless out here. I I, I'm halfway joking with the thug shit, but in general, I, even if I would do it, or you, or you might do it or whoever might do it, but at the end of the day, I'm saying we gotta change.


We gotta change how things operate so that the only, our only options are be mad or lock somebody up. Those can't be the only or fuck somebody up. Those can't be the only choices. We gotta come up with better choices and, and, and that's a whole different vision of the world. Got it. And we gotta do step by step. But in the meantime, all we got is all we got. So that's what I say. I don't get mad when people call the police when somebody stole their TV or their car. 'cause what, who else you gonna call? But I hate the fact that if somebody steals my TV or my car, the only person I can call somebody with a gun as opposed to somebody who could actually solve this problem for me. We gotta change the way the world is laid out. That's all, that's all for me. Man. You guys are like a palate cleanser with these talks. I, I wasn't expecting y y'all come on man.


Give it up. I just Hate this nigga. I just hate that anymore I work here. The more I hate this nigga. I didn't expect that, but I like him more. My last law and order question for you guys. The, the escaped 11. How do we feel about the grandparents and some of the people that are being charged with aiding and abetting a criminal for helping their, for helping their kids? I don't like it, but I I get it. Yeah. It is the, It is, You know what I mean? I'm, I'm a the law is the law. So I do understand It. If you escape, if you escaped, would you put your grandmother in that position? You already know God, right? Yeah, absolutely. And grandma gonna come through Too. Granny gotta go hold her down. She, no, but I wouldn't want, I wouldn't want Granny to go to Grand.


I wouldn't want her to go to jail. That's said that's, that's, well then you contradicted the, the what I just asked. I'm just saying, are y'all calling grandma for help when you get out? You right. They Say I'm calling grandma even if she go to jail. No, what we're saying is even that person didn't think that grandma was gonna go to jail over it. I'm not sure if he knew grandma would go to jail for a fact that he would put her in that place. If you knew you still call her. That's so thing. The guy that escape don't know that the people that help him is probably going people a lot. No, a lot of people don't know that. They don't, lot of people don't know That. I don't know. I don I don't know if prison jail rule, I don't know. I harboring a fugitive. Got It. No, I got you. Ing and abetting.


Yeah, that's a basic one. Like those aren't the Yeah, that's not the white collar crimes. I think that niggas be selfish and they in survival mode. Was there any Plausible deniability here that he was like, Hey, I got out and she was like, oh baby, you're home. And she didn't know that he was escape. And the old people watch Channel 12 news religiously and they see Plausible deniability. My TV was stolen. Know what I saying? Saying put your hands by your back man. Yes. Yeah. Plaus plausible. Deny this vulnerability. Why you put your hands behind your back? We no, we Deny we about it. You know, we gonna deny nana your Bell. You know what else too?


Because my grandmother said this quite a few times because some of the old folks think they ain't gonna get into trouble. Yeah, yeah. They old, they think that, yo, I'm old. They ain't going. You know, if, if, if they come to me or whatever, if, if, if I have a problem 'cause of this, it's gonna be something like they don't think they're going to jail over that. My grandmother said quite a few things and we like, ma, they gonna lock your ass up. Boy. I'm 83. They ain't, they will take your 80. They aint think about me. Yeah. Put the gun back. Fuck yo. Nah, Eh. All right. That's it for my law and order segment. I don't have any other questions about stories that may depress each and every one of us. I'm done. Okay. They're down to two. Listen, as far as predictions, I'm about four for four.


Five for five with some of this shit that's been going on this year, but I can't say it yet. I predicted that stud face would be the last one. A Lot of people would say. And A lot of people, people like stud face That he was the one of the ones that like orchestrated the whole shit. See, I don't know. I didn, I didn't read that. I read that stud face. Yeah, he had plane And I read something that contradicted whatever I reported last week about his murders being revenge murder for the cop that killed his grandmother. I don't know what's true and what's not true. Okay. I just know that the dude that looked like a stud in the face, That was anybody that was the favorite, A lot of people had him picked as the favorite to last. Some of these niggas didn't, some of these niggas didn't make it outta New Orleans.


They ain't had no listen. A video just dropped of one of the two. You could tell ain't had no grandma to help. A video just dropped of one of the two of Us who wasn't getting no money on The street. A nigga just did a video that he just dropped a video. I don't know if he antagonizing him but just like dropped a social media video. One of the niggas that's currently out right now. Yeah. Yo In the pool? Yeah. Yeah. He, when he jumped in the pool said I ain't, I ain't went been swimming in 19 years. Yeah, yeah. Fresh braids. Yeah. He just don't worry. He next. That's how we know stud face gonna win because the other nigga doing shit like that stud face. You ain't heard a word? Not a, Hey let me stop calling him that in Casey. He in Jersey. Hey Joe. Nigga might have caught a Greyhound.


Might have caught a Greyhound Heard. That's what you said. I just don't know his name. But y'all know who I'm talking about. Stud Face. Alright, what else? What else? What else is there his name from That one Important. Unimportant. Unless he in front of me. Hey what, what else needs our undivided attention? Like that helps anything ever. Do any of y'all watch the AMAs? No. Do we not care about the ama? Is that just an award show? We don't give a fuck about facts. I don't, I don't. They Don't even, they don't even announce what it's coming or anything like that. Talking since Michael Jackson algorithm. Crazy. Alright fine. Michael Jackson, did any anybody here catch any of them? Beyonce shows? I'm going tomorrow. Oh okay. My girl went one tear. My girl went. Yeah. Yeah, she five or six fucking shows over there. How long was the show? Do you remember?


No. Okay. You, you trying to brace yourself? Yes. I'm trying to figure out how, how much I gotta, I heard it was lengthy pause. Yeah. Yeah I heard that they went, she didn't get back home madly. I don't know. Okay. But she said it was dope. Yeah, Sure. You know when it hold on Ish. Okay. Well your confidence is up there my nigga. Did you, you got the, you got her location on your, on your Samsung. You just know that she went there directly. I just wanna make sure I know Confident niggas. You just too confident for that nigga. I be worried. You was worried about What? Who did she go with Dolo? No, one of my homegirls. Oh okay.


Shit. Had a watch, had a watch. Surveillance had a watch. Okay. Smart, smart man. I youch. I thought you fell off for a minute. Smart man. Yeah, I you did the right thing like you did. You did the right thing. You a smart nigga. I thought you fell off nigga, nigga, but you back with the jump off. You was getting updates all night. Yeah. What she doing right there? She just went to the concession stand. I up with her. It was a ransom but now she was respectful. She held it down. She Held you down. You know what I mean? She said she had man her boyfriend. I wish I would. We all, we all not all like that but you have, you have to worry about if your girl is outside, you get it. Don't necessarily about man your girl. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. But if you put in your homegirl with your girl, I didn't do that.


That was their Own thing. Just happened to happen. You know what, she free tonight. You hit it off. Hey thank God not doing me You Smart niggas. I forgot. Thank you. Could take the hustle. You could take the nigga out the hustle. But you can't take the hustle out the nigga so stupid though. That nigga scram fam. Nigga the last thing On my mind bro. You stupid. Crazy. He couldn't knock if he buck though. Who do? Girl wasn't there what he was gonna do? Nothing crazy. That's what I'm saying. She came in when the fuck she came in, that nigga do 90000%. Yeah. Yeah. You gonna be over there on your side of the bed. She go in Smacky morning ass Baby sleep right here Smacky morning bow. It is gonna put the baby to sleep and sit right on the porch like the white power. Where he got him white power on the porch though. He gonna do his legs like this. It in there snoring up and start.


She put the blanket over. Look at my baby cold. Look at my baby. Forgot to put the blanket over man. Look at him. But you gotta understand I she come in at four 30 nigga. Our brothers crazy. Our brother, you know he always got a plan. So he was like yo, you came in four 30 so now I could be out till six 30 baby. Damn my baby left the TV on again. Let get my baby watching fucking Martin Rerun four. Oh yeah. He so cute man. Let me get in bed. No doubt. Let me shower first though. Let me get in the shower first. That's the tell Tale. That's the tell tale. Yeah you was in the shower yo. You smell like Dov. Yo. You mad Sleepy but You got in the shower first Niggas girl can't walk in after a long night out and take a shower. Oh that's crazy.


You can't do that. No that you can't do what? Sorry buddy. No, sorry. What's the time Joe? Like what's the time for you? Like Oh I get shocked when she out. Okay. I get shocked when she leave the house. S like, oh shit, you found something to do Adrian. Alright, wait until you get the jersey. That's when you get, that's when you get the app. You get that app. Forgot my password. New friends forgot my password. You also stupid. So the track app. But she was showing me that on her car, niggas buy car. Well lemme not speak for niggas. I buy cars and just be happy that the car drive. She buy cars and take advantage of all the functionality features.


So she pull up some shit that say Journey and you can Journey Tell Freeze yo, he the one. He the one, he's the one. The Freeze's never been that game. But anyway she pulls some shit up called Journey to show you where she went. Where you could see everywhere that the car went. What? And you feel good? No 'cause I'm never going to do that. I don't, I'm not gonna use none of the capabilities that come with none of none. No, but she showed you that a smart toilet got a speaker. I don't know. I'm just listening to Bird shit. I ain't gonna hold you. It took me two years to figure out how to open the back move roof. My shit got two roofs the second one off still. That's what I'm saying. What I'm saying? Did she come to you? You bens give you a little app?


I don't know how to do none of that shit. None of, I love the little none of that shit. Please you know how to use the Journey app. I don't have it for my vehicles. That's not what I asked you. Yes. So you do know how to use that Journey app. You freeze. Don't freeze. I ain't got nothing. We didn't say nothing but don't, don't insinuate nothing either. Freeze is not the one don't insinuate nothing. Only the two nigga. Nah, that oh nigga take it over there. Hey yo girl, when you was, you was at, when you was, you know what is like nails done down there? Huh? Who that? Who they, who, who, who you Pat? Huh? Who the Fuck that Paterson girl Free.


So anyway, hopefully I answered your question mark. When my girl move up here, I'm gonna freeze. Shit. Where is the free shit time freeze. What's the free shit? Freeze. It is the free shit freeze. No, no, no, no. Listen I'm, I'm down. No I'm not down. Alright well I'm gonna be on what we assume to be Freak. Yeah, there you go. There you go. I'm gonna be on that. There you go. Yeah. I don gonna assume I got a real funny sound. I got a funny story. I'm saving a power wives. It is so funny. I got, I got two. How crazy is It? Is fun. No, no we got two. I ain't get to have the beef about it to my girl's face. We was too busy beefing about all the beef. She had racked up with me so.


Oh we was somebody other day then by the time we finished with all of her beefs, I was too exhausted to get the oyster to say what the fuck I had a problem with. So now my shit just in the talk Chilling somewhere and now we great. So you can't bring it up down Exact opposite. Wait tell me because You know what we talked about that, that whole situation up there, she was like, oh see I ain't, I had some shit I could have got off but I forgot because I was busy defending this. But next time You gotta have a, He was like, but next time though I was like no we ain't gotta do all that. We good. We good Now. Yeah I got he power if you get free because I'm about ask yo this, if you getting checked on something right and you have to explain, explain do you end up, do you, are you a one that tune out?


Do you tune her out and just let her talk and or do you address every single thing she's saying like say the argument go on for an hour. You mean does he actively listen while she's talking? Yeah, I'm just asking. I was not because that was a good reframing right there. Nah, it just said totally different. Girl, you got no relationship. Don't no face. I just say who actively listen to you? Oh shit Daisy, I saw that Darcy tune you up. No, she tunes me out. Yes, she great when I asked that because even when I not tune out though, even when I watch Joe right Joe, he addresses a lot of things. So I wanna know if he does that, does he get to, does he tie himself out or does he has like, I'm gonna address this, I'm gonna address that. If she's accused you of something, let's say Sade come to you with five things, are you addressing all five?


Or at one point do you be like man I'm done with this conversation. I'm addressing anything that my girl got a problem I wanna discuss. See but I don't call that addressing shit. I got a whole list that I keep in that don't never get addressed. But so I respond, I, I respond to got got whatever the beats are by y don't get tired out nigga. Ladies can argue for hours. Boy you'll know when I'm tired 'cause I'll start agreeing. Oh God. You'll know exactly when you Yeah You right out. You right. You know what I understand. Totally. Right. You know what, come with that though. But now you just agreeing to shut me up. Well that's true. Yeah. Them yeah all the old she gonna know how but you can't say it though.


She gonna know where I stand on the matter when I do it again in a few weeks. See she gonna know that I didn't fully, I didn't hear. I didn. I didn. I didn't really agree with her. Listen, her troubleshooting method free. Listen the other day when Ade was here, right, something wrong with him. The other day when bro Rash was here we was talking nigga and Joe was just talking, he would look that direct Joe would look that direction like this I get, if I could just be in that nigga mile for a minute now he would just look the direction and be like, yo, he would, every time he would say, he said I caught myself going overboard and I'm going overboard. I thought that was fire while sitting there. So that's my check and balance. Yeah I I love that. Let me look over. Yeah, no You right.


Yeah I thought I said, I said, I said a lot. I didn but she understands that Nonverbal Communication y'all in the name of content. She let me give my shit. She'll let get my shit. Same with Linky. I do. I give her that. Look I don't do now if I want to go over boy, I just stare at her nigga like, and it still say it like yeah. Ah. But It is better to just chill. That's why it's funny. Now listen, I wrote down here fucking stepdad love is different from real dad love. Oh man I wrote it just had keno. You got stream, you got streaming university over there too. I wasn't gonna touch on nothing from the topic 'cause it's just funny and ignorant. But like I really enjoy it.


We did the, like I said we did the football camp shit. Yeah. And he was having a blast up here like just on some New York shit, let's run around. I wanna see the pod. I want to he he was dope, dope, dope. He was dope. He having a blast and I'm having a blast. But his stepdad blast, which means at some point you got to get the fuck yo Joe don't do it. Pass baton. Like what? Joe ain't gotta go home. Listen Joe, don't Joe don't do it. Say it. I love you. I'm also the dude that folds mom up like you nevermind.


That's the conversation you can't actually have though. You can't but you stupid motherfucker. No you did not. Hey wrong though. Yo hey real dad might not think about nothing like that. Right. Stepdad though. At the end of the shift. Alright, I got something to do. Now your, I'm so that is so immature. Right. But whatever. I don't care. Job step kids shout shouts to em. I also had another question I wanted to ask y'all. What's up? Because I've been nigga nuts. I got a real, real, go ahead Joe. Well I'm nuts and I'm right. I got a real, real, real good homegirl. I got a real good homegirl. One of my good, good, good, good, good platonic home girls.


And I recently, I seen, I, I'm seen recently she made a relationship Instagram like a couple. Yeah. Okay. Now before she made it, you know you could see your good, good girlfriend kind of going off the deep end. And I'm not saying that like it's a bad thing. They super in love. Well from what I'm seeing, yeah of course. That's the visual output. So I hit her. I said not the relationship iga girl. I don can't lie. You know I'm a voting bitch. And then she said and TikTok and that's tap my Girl Shit. They got a TikTok to. So my question to y'all is what do you do when you see your good, good, good friend start a relationship Instagram and TikTok page at the same time.


Exactly what you just did. I laugh about it with my girl and wait for it to end. That's it. That nigga set the timer. You know, wait for her to start posting inspirational quotes in about three, three months. Coach Keno, you got Ken over there? I just said take food over Shit. She got, that's why you just said that. No Melyssa Ford Keno. No, I just said that. No, I just said that. And Mel no. What are you doing? Why doing shit for the last hour. We was talking that she got up, he was giving tips and shit. No he was not. I was Watching Mel, listen, look Mel, you are a piece of shit. Whoa. No for real. Because when you gonna stop? No, he listen, we have a whole plan going on over there.


Right. We, How is it a week thing you Cook Just now The plan is you cook. It's Been cooking. He's watching he it's on broil right now. Just to Crisp to the top. I gotta open this door. I can smell when you're gonna have to open the door too. And that don't lie. It smells good in here. You are gonna have to open that door is what I'm saying. Why? Because It is smokey up here. It is not gonna Be smokey. Yes It is. We've cooked things here before. You cooked before? Yeah before. Oh shit. In here. I be, I'll be, no I have not cooked in here. It's fine. We'll get to it. It's, It's done. Thank you. See these are all Kanye West. See how that shit looks. Kanye West taste it on here. Absolutely Got a little piece. We On there. Let it, let it, let it just sit for a second.


No we ain't gonna let it sit. Let it sit for a Second. It is hot As shit. Are there any wild keno prepares Mel's mac and cheese for us to try on air. That's crazy. Mel. I ain't gonna hold you yo for the last hour. He, I was wondering what y'all was talking about. He was giving gypsy shit. He said the nigga's giving streamer university. That's what You was saying. Listen, I just, you Got a little seasoning. I Listen, I wait. He seasoned It. I saw I'm pulling something out pocket. Why Isn't treachery will get you nowhere? I someone over there. Okay. No, she called keno and asked him to come over here. No, I about to say, yeah Ken, let her talk, let a woman talk. Keno has cooked in here before Kanye West all acknowledge that. No, sure. He cooks. He He's cooked in here. Yeah. This is my first time use.


You know that Keno, have you ever cooked in hair? He never cooked in there. You and your girl Brought food already Cooked. There was and there was heating up and cooked. I I have never used Joe's Dad is the only one that cook it pops. God, I have never used this oven before. Oh. So you, I have used on The oven, oven, Oven. I have never used this oven. I would get A chef to come in. Oh, we got it girl. Yeah. Thank you. She ain know to turn the oven on. Alright. But not another pee outta you until we taste this fine. Y y'all wanna to pause, pause for sure. Okay. Yeah. Let's let's, let's see what's going on. Carry on. Y niggas get early. Yo. Y'all too Mel. Right? You right that niggas is lit.


Y'all good? I'm fine. Look, she's done gonna be following the beat ass nigga. I'm just defending by myself. Got away with it. You I go get myself a drink girl. No, I hope, I hope be professional. I have a whole nickname up here devoted to that before he got here. Thank you very much. Say No more. All right. Is there anything else that needs our undivided attention? No. Abso, abso has put something out. It's more of the battle. It's dense. It's good, it's dense. I'm gonna listen to it but I'm Not not rushing to the battle anymore. It Do, I have to like You need all your brain cells. Okay. Okay. That's what I'm saying. It is. I mean it's high Compliment. I like that soul. But some of his music you have to really, I Love it. Complicated. Love it. Thoughtful. It is great. You just, you gotta sit with it. I'm just over the battle, at least on this level of attention.


Word. I'll catch up to it at some point If Abso responds response like he did. I wanna hear it. So also also for the Oh go Ahead. Go ahead. Locks did one of the Red Bull things like how the shit started. Ooh. Okay. Curious to See that. Ooh, that's gonna be nice. Yeah. For the doc lovers out there. The Peewee Herman doc on Max is Gray. Oh, out. Yeah. Woo. It is great. Two parts, both pretty lengthy. Pause, but it's really, really, really good. And I'm learning a lot about people. Herman, I didn't know, like I didn't know that that was an adult show. Yeah. Before it was a children show. I had no idea I was a kid. I thought you talking about where you got caught That didn't get to that part yet.


That was adult show. Where I'm at was adult shows where I'm at. That no It was, it was was No He was, he was coming in a theater In an adult. Adult theater. Yeah, an Adult theater. I'm talking about his origin being I a ghost show. That's what I mean. But, but that was funny. No, it wasn't even really trying to be funny. It's factual. 'cause a lot of people, I think we've even made, made jokes up here that imply that he was nasty on some Child Porn shit. Child porn and shit or something like that. And he was jerking off fucking and jerk off theater. Like That was so sad. And he was closeted I think like it was, it Was, I know something wrong. Me, I'd be on the Jerk Offer side. We are all on the jerk offer side here. Yeah. With the peewee. Yeah. Like Louis CK What's homeboy?


The the little short comedian dude. Aziz Aziz. And, sorry, Aziz. I think he was a, his story was kinda like the one we spoke about earlier actually. Okay. I don't think it was a jerk off. I think it was a no blowjob story. It was a Blow job at the crib after date. Yeah. Yeah. Got it. Got it. Ya man. Jar Carmichael is back with a new special on HBO. Which one? Not Reality show. Special stand Up. I stand Up. Stand up. Yeah. I, but I do miss when he wasn wasn't, it was too much for me. I missed when he was in the Closet. The show. Definitely, it was a lot of moments where it was too much. But there were some parts that were very Dope. And that's why I didn know when I watched that show, I was like, I'm not as progressive as I think I'm, that was one of the moments where I was like, just the content didn't do it for me.


Yeah. I loved It. It, I didn't go back to it though. I loved it. Good. I saw, I saw the genius in it. I just, by like episode I made it to like three episodes. I was just like, this ain't for me. Mm. Yeah. But the standup I thought was amazing. I missed when he was in the closet. Like I said, That's so wild to see. Yo, y'all just let that nigga say that Will man, they stepped over my punch just talking. But it was funny. It was gibberish, but yeah. Yeah. You should, he should go back. Did You watch it? If anybody, it should go back in the closet to soon. Did you watch it lock The Door? No. Oh, okay. But when I went to watch the Peewee Herman shit, his trailer Started Got it. And the trailer, you And they showed the preview beforehand and I couldn't find a remote so I couldn't skip it fast enough. But I'm saying that to say it seems like since he has come out, every single piece of content is about him coming out.


I get it. And as somebody that didn't know that about him before, I just thought he did a masterful job of just, of being a comic, being a comedian. Yeah. Now every single thing is centered around I'm gay, my sexuality, this is when my dad found out I was gay. This is how It is to be gay and anti-gay and it's just too much gay since he's been gay. Maybe know, I get what you saying, it sounds fucked up. Get saying. Saying I'm get saying I You Could, it could be some intent to it. Like I'm, I'm playing to a certain market maybe. I'm sure it, I'm sure it's all intentional. He ain't doing none of it by mistake. Right. It just How bad, I'm just not rushing to, You know what I mean? I'm gonna check this new one because he's still, his, his standup specials have been been pretty good.


Well, you a p-value fan. I Am a p-value fan even though I'm done with that show too Though. And you make cereal pour pouring the milk first. Wow. What you pour the milk first then the cereal after nigga. You measure a cup perfectly. I don I saw him do it. Just saw, saw do that. I didn't even know you could. Yo, look at the things that's insulting. I guess you could bring the laundry out here. No. Yo. Why is it such a big insult that you pour your milk first when you make so, because that Ain't how you make cereal. Yeah, that's bump. But if you did that before, if nothing wrong with it's I ain't do that shit. Let's Sick of they my street. What you talking? We gonna put her up front street. We gonna put it right out here. Yeah man.


Let's go Cory. I mean I made it on, I prepared it on live. Fuck it. We're doing it. We're Doing it. Cory's still doing it. Like he with his bunkie. Yeah. Jail shit. Tell this nigga ain't surf. Oh God. Look how rough he is with the joint. Look, he don't give a fuck. He has a bath bat doing it. He have putting the mac and cheese on the bath mat. It is sick of now what the It don't look bad. I don it don't look bad, Bad. I got a little crisp to it. I Got a little crisp because I did The boiler shit. My girl just texted me. How was the Mac? You get a little video to send to her. I Finally, finally getting this mac and cheese after three years. You here?


Okay, off a quick break. We all have now tried Mel's mac and cheese. Hey Mel. Why were you trying to coerce him when he kept saying no? Oh, I, I wasn't trying to exert control. I I just wanted to have a, you know, I just wanted to get a full panel of Gotcha. You know, I'm just playing of Opinion. Well, we all ate, so we go I, I I even tasted a small piece. 1, 2, 3, 4. Thank you. That was the third time you've eaten mac and cheese in your whole life. Yeah. I don't understand that. I I just don't like mac and cheese. I appreciate that. And this didn't change my, I'll say this, this didn't convert me, but it didn't make me feel any worse. I thought that it taste, it tasted, I could definitely taste the noodles. That's one. Check one. And I detected the cheese.


So it was, it was definitely mac and cheese. Thank you. I rem and again, I haven't had a lot of mac and cheese. You Needed to get like in there. I I I was up in there. Whoa. Whoa. Okay. Ah, I remember y'all grow up. No, no, IM talking about mac and cheese and only mac and cheese. That's a Euphemism mean that's a, that's Oh, is that a Mac? Oh, you know what It is. I didn't even think about that. Yeah, well no, I, I tasted the, the dish and I, I, Good. I expected again, my memory of mac and cheese might be off. I just remembered it. Having more seasoning. Yes. More, what's the word? Flavor.


So today is WP So today on a hot and bothered. I I do, Wait, let's just plug everything. Today I'm doing an, I'm doing an episode on men's heart health. So I intentionally let the cheese be the saltiness. I put salt in there and pepper and paprika and Yeah. But yeah, I Thought it was pretty good. Thank you. Pretty solid. It was. I'm a mac and cheese person. I had Low expectations going in. I know you did. I Have. Did they meet them? I had, yeah. Exceeded them. They Exceeded them. Did sure. I was ready to, it exceeded my expectations. It did Hold you Mel. Thank you. I was ready to kill it. Big mouth. Thank you. It was good. Thank you guys. I'm winning today. Yeah, it wasn't bad. Thank you.


And you know the last time I made mac and cheese stop 2016 Yesterday We saw It is on life. Yeah That was, that's the second time I made it. No, not my life. No. The last time I made it was Thanksgiving. 2016. More Seasons. Next time you need a lot more cheese. Yes. Like a lot more. You saw my live, I like your shoulder. Yeah. Practically Dislocated my shoulder. I saw you alive. Don't step on me joking about your shoulder being broke. Sorry, go ahead. That's the joke I'm about to make. That's why you need a nigga to get that. That good granny going over the air. Well Keto says that I need an electric one. So you know, I saw you just struggling with gring the cheese next time a lot more cheese and some seasoning. But overall you can exceed my expectations.


Shout out to you. Mine as well. Thank you. Thank you. It tastes like when the cousin on your, the other side of the family jail don't really fuck with die. And you gotta go to that funeral. Nah, nah. This, this, this feels like when like your niece or something shows up with a plate for the first time And she health Conscious. Yeah. She wanted. Oh shit. That was pretty Good. Good. When you're vegan niece. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Vegan one. It sound like the cousin that give you the speech before you eat it. Like listen y'all. Okay. Okay. I not really Good at this. I did not put a lot of salt in this because I want us all to be healthy but heart health. Yeah. But it was good. It was good. Thank you. It was like a, It wasn't made this, you could tell they never worked at Waffle House.


You're absolutely right. I have never held a job at Waffle House With a cigarette in their mouth. Flipping pancakes back with three teeth. Yeah. Yeah. 99 waffles cooking in a row. Nigga smoking Pan be halfway dirty. That cigarette ain't falling at all. That dirt on that pan make it taste better For Sure. Yeah. Whoever made this, this is like when you could tell that they fired the chef at Costco's. You done alright. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate you all for trying it. I appreciate, I appreciate you for bringing it. It was good. Thank you. Okay. Thank You. I was proud of you. I'll leave you alone. It was like a eight our cake money. Thank you. I appreciate that. Okay. Ate of what? Let's keep it sleepers. Yay. Sleepers time. Woohoo.


Don't instigate. You don't have to treat her like when she first got high curb, Don't instigate. Stop the hate campaign. You can tell Her the truth. It wasn't bad a eight though. Come on. Eight is a lot. Well he got the mother taste bud too. You Had like, he probably tastes Flavors in that. Say the tip, the mouth taste, flavor explosion. Wow. He taste it differently than we did. I love you sir. I'm taste them tip differently. I'm tasted so what is it? What is it? The purple juice. You didn't even taste shit. No, I'm talking about my man, how he thinks. Okay. How much butter did you use? A lot? I Yeah, You saw it?


Yeah, I taste It. Yeah. Butter I was making, I made, it was a buttery Room. It was a lot of, it was very buttery. No, it was about a lot. Just not as cheesy or, or or as seasony salty. Now it was called mac and butter. Salt butter butter's like cheese. Then you ate. They're similar. They're distant and sour cream. They're all similar. They're all similar. It is an idiot and more sour cream next time or any binder. So who's up next is lamb chops, right? Is that what's that? The the next bet. Lamb chops. Yes. What happened? Yo, y'all seem, I just don't think it'll happen. Well we didn't think mac and cheese I made mac and cheese happen. Well, Parks and keno have both been talking about the lamb chops.


They keep, they word though Parks. You got it? He said he give 'em a grill. I just want a grill. That's All Parks has been saying. Done. Kanye West make a date for that. Set a date two weeks from now. Does that work? Sure. Two weeks from now. Done. We've done this 99 times. Dude, we got sleepers. I wanna do this for people that are eventually going to do it. Which I don't know that Parks will this way, but they both make a great lamb chop. I'm surprised that Mel did it, but I'm Well she said set it off. You ain't even money. Gotta do that spaghetti off now that y'all been talking about. I'm down for that. Yeah, y'all Been Talking. Let's do that. I could eat that. That I'm definitely down for you eat spaghetti. I do. Yeah, we go. That's it. All right, Joe. All right. You're skipping sleepers.


Yeah, I, I don't, I don't, I don't feel like I've earned a sleeper. Right. Today I'm here for moral support. Got it. Okay. Y'all go ahead and hold next In line out. All right, I'm gonna play. Damn. She just Alright next quick. Wait, what she Saying? No, I just moving right along Mouth. You heard you heard off camera. Nigga check me earlier. Don't let, don't let him. He doing good. All right. Watch your fucking mouth. I'm Not doing anything. I'm just, I'm moving the progression of the show. There we go. All right, We Good. Good job with the nasty cheese, mac and cheese. Thank you. That it My mistake. This is, this is Snoop and Sexyy Red. Me and Oog snoop off of. Oh my god. He's never beaten the friend. I don't care about them allegations. I like the song allegations.


This shit ain't bad. You'll throw some money in this. You'll throw some money. It is just me and om. I'm a cri. He Down Hit catch slipping mug. Sexyy Red. Let's get come on. What's the word? We dead As, lemme know what you wanna do. Tie in with the streets crib. Niggas call me Boo Boo. Bang bang Slow play AK all cash no talk Stick blast fast.


I don know what the fuck y bitch thought because I don't know How y bitch niggas talk. You fucked Up, Up. I'm a deep with my homeboys fucked up. It is just me and o Snoop a cri Down. Hit him up. Slip Sexyy Red. Let's come on girl up. I turning niggas on. Yeah. Get these niggas we when I take a picture of my bag rolling nigga wanting kick it with no this ain't that. My name ring hella bells in the streets. I been threat dirty.


Bitches wanna fight me because they hurt touch. They know I'm but can't me alone. He was gonna pull up with my driver but I pulled up in, if the get me It is me O Sl down. Hit catch slip Sexyy Red, let's get this bread. Come on, fuck it up. Shout out to the men of Boss. Boss Ladies Players Club where the money keep dropping and shit Keep popping. That's right y'all. It is just me and O Snoop Boots And again that is me and Oog.


Snoop Snoop Sexyy Red. I'm never beating the allegations nor am I trying to beat the allegations. Snoop Snoop album, is that a crime in your phone and on DSPs right now? I kind of like that. I fair. I kind of like it that came on. It's all couple that came on. Yeah, I'm playing new old music. It is some village Climax. You ain't gotta play hard yet. I know you. I know you like sex. I I'm putting down my plan like an architect for you. We can argue but I got a lot of nerve talking this to You. Right. I'm straight up how this should make sense to you girl. You ain't got a front. Don't be acting dark. If you got the good then I want something I'm trying to get down. This ain't no lie but I ain't never fucked with a man squad.


It's free like the stripes from the live like we at the mark live like we at the bring us the match number as my, I be serving that ass like I See these things get so I'm caught up in your game. I'm kind of saying go, maybe it's the way that you own the down low saying things to me. The one three only know I want to tell you though that these things seem to amazing situations get you from point A to B.


I certainly put the cancel on that mistake. I got a mission of two girls on a high beach. Everything's reached. Ain't nobody stopping me. They just relax because they know one got plan for each and everybody. No one got one. But you knew by was which one are you Queens coming to get with this already got mine Hole in my ominous but I need a couple to add to my list. Take a position in my world of compassion satisfaction, ecstasy Calling you calling Me.


I know you ain. For sexual with longevity. My name is Raul Rossi Tan Master Sex two or three Ecstasy calling you calling me. I know ya. He ain't giving you no action. Well for one he's too damn masculine. He need to relax and take some lessons on giving you Climax.


It is Slum Village Climax new old music. I need do palate cleanse. I'm going to Young Lady's name is PJ and the song is Day One Look Still change like a new house in the ghetto.


But you still ain't safe. But they a step shot you but you killed in the face and if you do it, so look you gotta do I know they whatever I say if I ever change won't be Money fan. It's me. Just You. Right. Want You Right.


You right That is PJ Day One.


I think my man Nathan did that beat. That is dope. I like that record a lot. That was fire. That Was fire. Okay. Mine is called Bad Energy. It's by Eris Ford and Evan featuring V Rose ERIS. There we go. I got it. I I'm one.


I Don myself going through my Learn myself. You be something where I don my I Are you seeing these things matter.


Who? You. Okay that's I I And Evan and Eris featuring Ros Bad Energy.


That was dope too. Good shit. Mark, I see you on your backpack bag with me today too. Okay. Oh shit. And we're back. We've got sleepers on the sleepers again. Sleep. This is common They Say So Go ahead drink the mic into the mic. Pause. Whoop spill My water. Y drop my water Flagg Me. I hope you got all Water's no water. It is still Flagg. It is the 20th anniversary of the Bee album. This It is. So I want to shout that out. It is, It is a classic album. It's Legend Day album. I It is been 20 years. So I I put out, They Say a common feature in Kanye West.


They Say, They Say, They Say, They Say I never lost to rhyme the line between love and hatred. I'm the black pill and the matrix of saturated life. They Say life is what you make. So I wait quick go to spaceship so I can take it as high as the stakes get when paper get low. I be telling Derek tell Kara G the show little calm.


I make righteous bitches get low. The richest man ain't necessarily the nigga with no They Say you went wild. Yeah, that's what They Say. My niggas Couldn tell it was me like Jamie and Ray in the day with focused and good wine. They Say dope so it's gonna work Your hood crimes are stood mine but forever end day. So goodbye. They Say some Say we coming back. They Say, They Say, They Say The victory.


Go ahead and breathe it in like in a histamine. I know they saying your snap with this beat, fuck you expect I've got a history whoop love now gotta beat them wheels haters back. Damn. Gotta beat that still. I know they can't wait till you out deal. Did DiAngelo ask them how deal my best friends worry about me because they know when you fame as and you have made cash, the media ain't at and you'll be up so high if you ever fall off. It feel like a plane crash. But God don't never gimme nothing I can't handle. So please don't ever gimme records. I can't sample so I can fake K ain't no channels but it's quite okay for They Say because of the fame stardom.


I'm somewhere in between the church and the same as asylum. I guess it's messing with my health then. And so crazy when I'm Check myself In again They Say, They Say, They Say, They Say dude think he righteous. I write just free mind. Some stoney amongst the lifeless in the world. Craziest. Mike is on my paper. Whether it's weed or isis, They Say life is a game. So I play hard.


Write it for my life 'cause I'm scared of a day job. They Say the hood together. I tell the young, you can't play the hood forever. Play my card twice. They Say I went to left. They show me strange love. Like I was Mr. Half Blake just in this game up Es now I claim King like dawn of Frank White. They Say my life is comparable Christ the way I sacrifice and resurrected twice. They Say the crochet pants and the sweater was black. Seen the corner. Now They Say that nigga's back home. We say They Say, They Say As common and Kanye, They Say they did put out 20th anniversary.


I will say that they did not have to bastardize despite Kanye West Flaws that album with those weird remixes and shit they put on there. Yeah. Some Of the remixes I didn't Love. It was like, bro, yeah I know Kanye's a Nazi now or whatever and I don't fuck with that but leave his albums the way they were. Word good show y'all good. Great show. Good vibes, good mac and cheese, good energy for sure. And Mac and cheese will help the congestion for sure. Yeah. I'm about to go shit. That shit right out. It it, It is gonna move quick. Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah.


IIII was able to tell yeah, Mac and cheese. Promote The butter. Boy That butter shit ain't gonna stay long. It is here for a good time. Not a Long time. That's why I ain't gonna get no more S like Yeah, yeah. You might want to be careful. Yeah, you gotta be careful with that. Talking about you trying to look out for black men. It's the heart conditions. What about Their butt conditions With the salt, with the butter. But just butter it up. Yeah, we know girl. We know girl. Oh man. What's popping this week? Anything interesting Tonight? That's about it. Hey, Should be a good time. Hopefully gonna go see, see Tank. Tank. Yeah. Okay. Hell's Kitchen?


His run ends June 1st so I wanna catch him. Oh Shit. Oh shit. You better. Yeah, you better hit him. Yeah, I gotta catch him too before June 1st for sure. Other than that, the shit Maye moving like, like she got somewhere to be Mae moving May is gone. May left already. Thank God. What you talking about? Shit packed. We on the U-Haul. Nah, Maye was moving my ass. I need to get the fuck outta Maye. Got the fuck outta here boy. Good. I can't believe that we, we in June, man. Well you got two kids birthdays and Mother's Day all in the same month. All within the same week and a half. You got it. Well and if you're gonna honor all of it then yeah. Yeah. I can imagine that hitting hard then listen man, keep us in your prayers.


Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do Farewell. Adio, Riva, dci, OTA arvo. So long. Goodbye or simple head. No will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments fast. So let's make this one last as if it's all week. And lastly I go, the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel in a closeminded. Women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol, you might need it. Y'all holding down this week. Hopefully everybody had a really good memorial day weekend.


We back to work, we back to the grind, we back on our grizzly again. Shout all the kids prepping for prom out there. Shout all the appearance out there. Hey, all the happy couples out there and the couples that hate each other. The miserable ones. We love each and every one of y'all, man. It's about that time. Yeah, sure enough, that time you'll start seeing it. Yeah, you'll see the signs. You'll see the signs around the house. Trust me, my boy. And that's it, man. Thoughts and prayers to everybody out there. Y'all hold it down. Shout to the subgroups, the patronis out there. We'll be back this weekend. Same time, same place. Hey, wait a minute.


Anybody y'all wanna shout out? Come on Mel, get it. Gracie's there. 95th millionth. Shout out that you negotiated for the side part of the conversation. Part of the contract. Yes. It's part of the contract. Part of the conversation. I know that's right. Again, shout to Kaisan with the whole streaming university thing. We love that. Love it. We absolutely love that. Keep killing. And he kept it. I like that. He kept it. He was trying. He tried my favorite part. Come on now. Here goes Daddy.


JB PJBP without the jbp. Who was that? It is Mark Pussy Pus.