
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show. Oh, No, no, no, no. Call Jersey on the record button. On the record button On the record button. I'm all Jersey. I really do like Jersey.


Why you say it like that? I like Jersey too. Put the soprano on it. You see these stickers? Because even at times when I want to complain about Jersey, like I wouldn't wanna be, it ain't much to complain about for me. That's true in New Jersey. Honestly. That's true. Like Jersey ain't it ain't bad. It is the shit. When you got some Taxes, got some money. The taxes is a little when you got some money, Jersey's it. The Taxes A little. And and that fucking self-employment. Ta all the taxes in Jersey. Boy, boy, boy, boy. But other than that, yeah, no, I just missed plastic. S I'm forever in debt to New Jersey. That's how you made us LLC ourself. Huh?


Nigga crazy. Got it Got it Got it. You don't want, you don't want that. No. Me Ain't you. That ain't you. It's a gift for the curse. But it's been your gift and curse since we met with the white truck nigga. That be What? Talking about like, he just got a llt now. Like I'm introducing something into his life. Don't lie on me in court. It's cool. Own your shit. I did. I did. You know little W2 would be nice though. Shoot, ain't I? You ain't lying. I'm just saying You know what I mean. Yeah, who I talk to about that. About what? W We want get on Talent. He's w to us. Yeah man.


Sorry. Bucko Lil Sean. Sorry. Lil Bucko. Oh. What? Can't get no Sean. Little Bit. Watch. come on Man. Oh man. We gonna talk about podcast expectations later on in this episode. It Says It is happening again. Insurance? Yeah. 4 0 1, huh? Profit Match. What would I ask for if that was a thing? Let me not even think about it. Hell they to shoot me on my shoulder. They would my brain get to go. They would, they would y'all say that, you know That Spotify off Nigga Security. Throw that nigga out. Motherfucker. Beverly Hills Cop one. I make it a point to let companies know that they can't speak to me like they speak to the rest of the field.


And you gotta have the nuts to do that. Oh, true. That's true. Everybody don't. So y'all have a blast with all that CPM shit. Wait. Oh, oh, okay. I see. What's that permit for? Minute We talk later. Oh, okay. What up man? You good? Yeah. Well get off Spiritual World. I'm not there. You On that spiritual world? No, I was Trying to see what's going On. I was trying to find that story that we were just talking about. 'cause you know, I like to pull out my fucking readers. Oh, With Bizaro Mel? Mm, Yeah. That's, that's his, that's his new nickname for, for Corinne? No, wait, hold on. What she going by? Not Corin. Elizabeth? Yes. Elizabeth. Yeah.


Okay. Superhead. Oh, oh Yeah. She changed her name. Gotcha. She changed a few niggas names. That's another beef you gotta square up one day. But I think that she's bizarro Mel. Why? Yeah, You'll have to elaborate. Yeah. She's always presented as all of the opposite as a Mel Ford. Like opposite end of the spectrum. Yeah. Like Mel is this classy and chooses her words. And Elizabeth is super smart too, but she don't have no problem with The fuck shit And her name being attached to it.


Well, didn't anyway. Yeah. So yeah, like opposites Got it, but in the same world, like I'm sure they've had a, a Bone Thugs in Harmony. Meet me at the Crossroads. I'm sure there was a crossroads. Couple of 'em. You wanna know. It's so crazy. We've never met. You ain't gotta meet for a crossroads. Never even crossed paths. Really? Yeah. In all these years we've never crossed That nigga. Little X is good, ain't he? Never crossed paths. Hey, little X. You always been one of the ones now. Lemme not That height. That height. Little height and height and height and hype. Oh man. The good old days, yo.


The good old days They were. Oh man. Anyway, what she did, I'm still trying to find the story as it's, it's far down. Oh. Oh. She was given as a gift to, she was a gift to Puff. After the what? Breakup. After the J-Lo breakup. Breakup. Huh? She says she claims that she was given as a gift to Puff after his breakup with J-Lo. And we're getting That from a friend or something. We're getting that from a cultural tabloid. By the way, we All Us Weekly. I mean, you know, they So a friend. They're not the National Enquirer. A A friend of puff's Served her up on a platter. She was a gift. Okay. Yeah. Shout The friendship. Yo. Shout the friendship. When?


Well, It's Christmas time in the city. You know what I mean? Talking about. You see your man going through or so I know, I know where to pick. You right up Big Dog. I got you. Ho, ho, Ho. Nigga. Whatcha talking about Santa Cross Said women are always trying to get away. They're always trying to get away, aren't they women, y'all. Where are y'all going? You're always trying to, we need a night. We need a trip. We need a weekend. Where are y'all going? We've had a tough week. It's Tuesday. What's going on at the house? Women love getting we Have you ever wanted to get away, fellas? Never. My buddy's like, John, you wanna go on a men's only camping trip? I was like, no. No. Fuck No, fellas. Everything men only is horrible. They dragged me to this camping.


It was freezing. Okay. There's no women there. There was no pillowcases, no sheets. Just no, it was just no food, no bowls, no none, nothing. It was just like, but women, y'all can, dude, you can't even say the word Women's retreat. And it's already sold out. Just women's retreat sold out. They don't care who's going, what the itinerary is. What? And we deserve it. We gotta go. There's Been a men's retreat on sale at your church for a year and a half. Okay? Four guys are going. They work at the church. Stop sending us to the men's retreats. Okay. A Hum, hum hum. Mike, check Mike, check Mike, check all you beautiful people out there.


So happy to be here with y'all today. Give grace to God without him. None of this is possible, despite what Corey says. We in the building. We in the building, man. Always shout the wherever you might be listening from all over the world. I mean London, Germany, Canada, all of that. Australia, Amsterdam, Atlanta, whole DMB area. Wale, what's good boy? Delaware. Rochester, Boston. I see you, Connecticut. What's good? Many good nights out there. Many good nights. Many good nights. Virginia. Hey Sean, Virginia. What's Up? Yeah.


Virginia Beach. Two. All the venues that booked me on the downside of my career out there. I appreciate you. come on man. All the hotels we stayed at. All the bars we hopped at out there. All LaQuinta. come on. Hey LaQuinta. Shout LaQuinta out there. Everybody. The Carolinas, the whole Florida. What's good, what's good? What's good Alabama. I know somebody out there checking the podcast. South Kansas City. Understand Denver, A couple of real bad white girls in Denver. Shout out to y'all. Chin from Tampa. I think she married now.


Jen. Jen told me to pack a bags going on a trip. Hey Yeah, man, I'm just reminiscing. Don't worry about me. Don't worry about me. So happy to be here. So, so happy to be here. No, come on now. I gotta bring it. I. gotta do it. I gotta do I. gotta do it. Whether you might be listening from, man, shout to all the subgroups out here. Shout out to the Patronis. Of course. Shout to YouTube. All the entrepreneurs, all the nine to five is out there. Everybody with kids. Shout to the parents. All the happy couples and relationships out there.


Everybody on the break of breakup as well. We gotta be inclusive around here. Happy Oshana for the Jewish community out there You. know what I mean. We in the building today. We having a good time. It's the weekend You. know what I mean? Shout to the niggas that got they girl to fuck away from 'em right now. you Know what I mean? Get out. Go get a life. Gimme some me time. All the kids, all the cheering. Lot of different age groups here. High school niggas listening. Shout to nephews and nieces out. The all the family, all the parents, the mils and the gifts. It goes. How can I love somebody?


Oh. Shit. I can't forget New Jersey. I can't forget. New strip out there on the bartenders. We love you. Shout to Portugal. Well Fish beat Mafi Some shit. Hey Hampton. What up? What up? What up? Y'all probably got bad phone service. You probably can't hear me right now.


For the ladies. The ladies And You, right Yourself. Tell me about this. Everybody in the recovery house right now. come on. You ain't doing nothing but laying there. Rock with me. Wait, shout the the ops out there.


None of this is possible without you. We got a great show lined up for you today. So happy you could be here with us Niggas. What up? What up? What up? What up? What up? We good? We good? We good. We on to the Gucci. To the Gucci. Yo Ice said. I'm gonna tell you what Ice said.


What'd he say? He said, rock on with a blended. Did two songs perfectly. Mm mm Oh Shit. I'm sure he would've My my bad. That's Cool. Certainly would've shout out to Rock Ho. Shout out to all my fellow DJs out there. I'm not the greatest of multitaskers, but it's tough to do other things and run one of the top 2, 3, 4, 5 podcasts in the world. Sorry, it's only but so much I can lift. It is only but so much I can carry. A Wise man knows his limitations. So shout out to my good brother DJ Rock on that I've known for over 20 years. Shout out to that man.


Shout out to being old enough to where you have known niggas. For now, 20 and 25 and 30, 30 years out this motherfucker. Shout out to those types of lifelong friendships. Greetings, everyone. So happy everyone could be here today. Most importantly, each and every one of you. What is this? 7 64. That's right.


Welcome to episode 7 64 of the JBP Brought to you by Fueled By Powered by PrizePicks.


I ain't even used to be in this On Point Yeah man. Fuck. I ain't even used to be in this On Point. Had that good coffee to the house. Welcome to episode 7 64 of the JBP. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, highly favored. So happy to be here. Host Joe Button here with a few really amazing people. To my right, the amazing Melyssa Ford is in the building. Hootie who, Hootie who you've caused quite the stir this week, but we'll get to it a little later. To her right. Big Ish Irvington's Finance in the building. True smooth operator his fucking self. Sade in the face ass nigga. Big issues in the building man.


We here next to him. Big freeze. Y'all know the vibes Dad of the fucking Yeah. Stop playing with him in the vans. Stop playing with him. In the Vans. In the Vans. Chill. Shit. You throwing it Up? Huh? You throwing it up? I'm not throwing anything up. Fold it right here. Got the blue Socks. Oh, you did the Vans because you got a Nipsey sweatshirt on and and the Blue Socks. Holy shit. No, I didn't do that because of that. But to, to my right. But It goes, It is a, it's a switch up all you've never worn. Vans here, never Seen. I've seen Van here show you all the pictures. I've worn Vans on this couch With a Nipsey Blue sweat. Blue socks with the sweatpants. No bro, I just got Sweat. I been begging you to wear sweatpants since white couches got here.


Now you coming here with a pants sweatpants? I Fam It is just, I'm just trying to, you know, it's a little cool outside With the blue 10 on the, on the joints. You changed playing on the glasses. I stop playing with did. I Did not stop playing With Freeze. I did not change anything. That is crazy. Mark Parks is here though. If you don't know the name, all you gotta do is look at the chain as fuck as y'all talking about. If you never heard the name or you gotta do check the chain. That's your opening bars right there. There you go. And next to Freeze Amira's Finest. Big Parks is in the building. What's stopping? Amani is here. Corey is here. Fucking PO is here. Wan is here somewhere. Ericsson is here. Avon and Tan are here remotely.


Avon, congratulations for that studio takeover. Congrats. Congratulations. Love to see you. Clap it up. Lead the No boys. Shout out to Alex. Reggie, the whole gang over there. What's up? How's everybody doing? How y'all feeling? You're looking good. You're smelling good. What's up? How's your mental health? Your spirit? Talk to me. Oh, I'm Feeling. good man. Feeling amazing man. It is fall real good. Fall. We love that. It is fall. It is fall. And we absolutely love that. I like that. We asked Ish how he's doing. He says it's fall. I, I said up good It is fall. Like I, I feel I love the fall. Me too. Favorite season Definitely. By far. Yeah, by far. Me too. Fall in New York is just a thing. I don't wanna sound like a broken record. We've said that a million times up here.


But it does feel good. How's everybody's week? Stress free. Yeah. Hell no. No, no. It was not stress. I don't know what that means. But. yeah. No, no. Still enjoyable when I'm left. I'm sorry that you guys went through that. I had a real good week. Dang. No stretch. I was Chilling. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Nice. Lucky. And Mama cooked the breakfast with no hall. With no Hall. Shit. Nah. I had a really, really, really, really good week. Oh, Lucky you. You had a good week too. Yeah, I was in Atlanta. Shout out to Dre and Lex from Poor Minds. I did their podcast. That was awesome. Friends of the show. Show Friends of the show. I love those girls. It was great episode.


Great energy. They have an awesome team over there. So yeah, shout out to them and everybody over the Thompson Hotel that treat me so right when I go there. That's your little spot. That is my, my spot. Like I don't, I'm not going anywhere else. Yeah, She said that. She's like, yo, I'm going there. Yeah, they just, they take such good care of me over There. Yeah, she been in like a one, one and a half year contract with them. With option. Just Use your option. Go up there and talk about it and come on back here. Down to this room. Yeah. With the late night manager James. Yeah, With good Times. The overnight manager. Hey Ms. Ford, do you need any knocking on your door? Like them niggas be doing me at the Four Seasons.


Turn over. Aaron, turn around and No, no move. No, no. I'm fine James. I'll just have some Saratoga sparkling water and maybe I do wanna apologize to Perrier Water. That's where I start on a Patreon episode. Yeah, I was shitting on Perrier water because the pork closed down and I ordered bottled water and they start bringing me, they stopped bringing me Aqua in Saratoga and they brought me some green bottle, which I assumed was Perrier but it was not. So I apologize 'cause I shitted on that green bottle they was bringing me Mountain Mountain Valley. Mountain Valley Park. Mountain Valley. Okay. Here It is right here. Mountain Valley Spring. Mountain Valley. Spring. Yo. If I order bottled flat family don't.


No it wasn't. That shit tastes like sewer water. This is the bougie. I hear you buddy. My water, if I order bottled flat, don't bring me this big ghetto ass green bottle of Mountain Valley Spring. But did you actually drink it? Yes. That water's ranked one of the highest waters In the world. Tell I don't give a fuck what them white people, people ranked that water. My palate is my palate. Mountain Valley Spring. Okay. Montclair's Finest Get This. shit. The fuck outta here anyway man. So speaking of the ports are back, the strike is over. I learned that from, again, my older brother. Do It is over or is It?


is It, is it postponed? They're back to work. Okay. Strike is postponed. Okay. But, but Homeboy said yo, even if they forced him to go back to work, not pertaining to this, he said he gonna make them move like snails. Like Yo, we gonna punish y'all. We gonna make y'all move like snails. So we'll see. What do you mean? What does that mean? The, The deceit? Well I don't know if that's his title, but the head dude of the union of the ILA. Who reminds me of, oh My man Reminds me of, of my boss. Basically. I ain't wanna say it. Remind me I'm not. He, he was like, basically even if they, 'cause they at some point the government could intervene and force them to go back to work I think or something to that effect. He was like, yo, they gonna be moving like snail. So I'm gonna make my guys move slow on purpose.


That was, that was some gangster shit. Maybe folks The strike is over. Yes. Strike's over. We got a call from our international, we're gonna receive a 61.5% increase over the next six years. And we're gonna have other language to protect us from automation work out over the next few months and other, other issues that we need resolved. Shout To them. You're very business with me right now. What is your emotion for you and your members? I'm happy for them. So they can get back to work and take care of their families. I mean they've been out here for three days around the clock. So it, this is a good thing for everybody. It's a good thing for the state, the port and all the members here and all their families. That boy good. That boy bad. Yeah, That boy bad.


He was, he was a very different demeanor from the, the previous videos. Yeah, That's true. Congratulations, congratulations. Congratulations. I love to see everything about this. Y'all know I love a good strike fight for our rights. I don't know why people were on his ass 'cause he is got some bread. Oh no, they showed his house. No, no, not just that. They showed his house. They went into some of the history like they did. He had a Rico charge. They did. And it went away. Mm. For for reasons but nigga for a reason. I'm, what does that have to do with me fighting for the wages and rights Of nothing? Not Exactly. I assume homeboy to live in a mansion. I assume him to have a nine car garage and a helicopter and cool. I'm still fighting for my rights.


If he's in charge of this port system that brings in $5 billion a day, He probably makes a pretty penny. I think that he should have a nice house and a bunch of cars and shit. That's the guy that I want to sleep comfortably. Yeah. That is true. If he fighting for the team, that's true. No, again, I, Yeah, the stress I get when it's only signature baby powder at the supermarket. I hate all that signature shit. Get this signature shit to fuck Away from. Hell dog. What? What baby Powder? I'm talking regular ous shit today. What'd you want me to do? I still, the ports are importantly, we gonna have signature absolutely everything. And what's that other bullshit? S nevermind You ain't judging me today.


come on. You still putting the baby powder on baby powder? I don't think the shower was a shower wet. Our baby powder on vacation I made, I asked homeboy to find me the Mexican baby powder and that shit was good. That shit was like blow. I thought Johnny Depp brought me my baby powder. That shit hit your body. It's a whole different fabric. T whole different, it was Tling. It was like the gold bottle with the blue bottle. It wasn't all this concentrated bullshit that we do in America. Cut. Yeah. Pure uncut baby powder. Fish scale. Yes. Fish scale. Yes. And every time you ate over there you had to take a shit 20 minutes later because they don't put all that bullshit in the food.


It's naturally going through your body. I'm at that age too now. Where? When I wake up outta my, outta my sleep at around 3:00 AM Boo it's time boo. It's time to take shit for sure. Immediately. It is time to run to the toilet Fam. Did you say boo boo? I did crazy And the stupid ass toilet. These niggas with this smart toilet shit. My Booday ain't work. You the Booday Booday. No, no My Boo. You might. I dunno. Which about your B or your B? What the fuck is My BT work? Was he a French ass or something? What do you say? My nigga stupid, But I'm a man so of course I never pressed all them stupid buttons that come on the smart toilet anyway.


I don't know till my girl say hey, you know but day doesn't work in, in here. You gotta go to the bathroom down there. I say I'm a nigga so I've never hit that shit. But my ass is dirty right now. So where is it? EMI. So she walked me down to the other one, pressed the little button for me. What I what I told you har Yeah man. What I told you. Clean ass egg. Listen, I told hold up now. Yo. Now we cooking with grease. I was telling Parks the other day 'cause my, my new spot, All the tallest got My days wipe you down. I said I get it. That shit trying To, I've been trying to tell you for years. No life changing shit. Shit. I Said how's it going do this? It hit you right there.


Be oh I Ain't a little bit nah This shit. I was like, I Had to Adjust. They got a little joy pad on. You can angle that shit. Nah, I had to do a dip. No got a joy stick. I had to get in a dip Position. Ooh that, That shit speed up there like Batman for the stigma in the Sky. This shit was like, and it's a dryer. I said where Wait, what? She pressed that button and she said it's an idiot. I said oh It is lit on the toilet. It's a whole new experience. Now you're Giving me the sweet as idiot.


Yeah. I thought my shit just playing bird noises and, and and light Simon lights. That Shit got a dryer and a bidet A B. Can you stop saying Booday my nigga? Oh nigga. I gotta th it out somehow. This Guy's a fo anyway. What were we talking about before that? Th porch. The porch. Congratulations. And some of them shouted us out for bringing awareness. Yeah, they did. And and letting Brother Dash have a good word. And, and, and spread the good word. So shout out to them. Shout to all the longshoremen that check us out. We are appreciative for sure. And Thank you Thank you for giving me the stepped on baby powder. What else? What else, what else is there? What else is there?


I do want to talk about the Menendez brothers and all of this new information. That is coming out as far as them getting a new trial and Kim Kardashian advocating for them and so forth and so on. But your man tried it last night. Who that man Yeah. man Woodbridge is finest over there. Rose's finest Antoine himself. What he did? He tried me last night. I almost fell for the trick in the trap. Thank God. When you older and wiser You hear, man I almost fell for the trap last night. While Thursday night football was on. I get a call from my man, nigga don't call me during on Thursday night football.


I'm like, he about to call out now, Yo. He trying to catch me slipping while his game is on. Call out to work. Got a flight in the morning. Yeah, but I answered yo Guys' nuts. He said, yo, you inside outside Is amazing. I said, I'm I'm in bed. That's a good question. I'm in. What? What? Oh my God. Wait, that's what I'm saying. What you saying? I'm in the bed. I'm Asleep. I gotta get dressed. Dressed. This nigga is a bird.


He said, you inside or you outside? You know I'm a bird. I said, I'm inside. I'm in. I'm in the house. Why? What's going on? He said, because tonight is the night. Boop got a text, sent me a little flyer. I looked at the flyer. Nice work on the flyer. Good guys. Okay. A few good, good Men. A few good Men Pause on, oh man on that flyer now. He said, yo, I might make a run over there tonight. I said, well if you go, I go. I said, what's the time? He Said, well I got my baby.


He said, well nah, I'm just with my baby. I'm in my head. I'm in my head saying, yo, you called a stone cold killer. You, you called a real strip club connoisseur. And then said, I don't know, I got my, I got my baby. I was I. gotta call me. You had to make that call. And this was a nude spot. It was Jersey. The hitters was there. I ain't been out in a good minute, girl back home. I thought about just popping out by myself, but I was like, nope, I need to see my man's.


'cause he been in there. I ain't been in there. I need to see my man's in action. I told him, call me if you go. He'd never called. I never went. And that was the end of that. Did I try to Set him up? Well You was just doing like promotion. You was just promotion word. Say it shut the door, yo. No, that's not what, What happened was the spot we talked about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He said I don't call. So we called. Cool. And I do appreciate it. So the nigga that I, I know The, one of the niggas that's trying to buy it, I talked to him. So He like, yo We talk course I need to get this hot Thur. No, he says Thursday it's gonna be even better than last week. I said word. So he ran a couple of the names by me.


I hit my man. 'cause my man is, you know, the mayor of the New York City strip club Circuit? Okay. This, this was New Jersey by the way. Yeah. But he was, I importing him trafficking. He Was trafficking. No, trafficking him to the Bar. You know what I'm saying? So he was crazy. I said, yo, X, Y, z gonna be at the spot. I'm I gotta make a run in New York. But when I come back, I'm, I'm shooting over there. Mm. He says, you sure? I said, yeah, I think so. But as of right now, I got my baby. My girl went to the pink concert. I ain't think pink was going to be on stage at MetLife till 12 in the morning. So I never hollered at my man to say, yo, I'm taking off right now.


So he thought I tried to line him up so he could go in there by himself and blow a bag without me. Mm. Even though I'm not blowing Bags, I want to blow my bag while Ish is in there, but across at a different bar. Blowing him back himself. Yes. Oh, you want a battle? It's no want money. No, I Don want battle. I want Ish to go to the ATM and do it twice. 200. Do it twice. Two, 200. I'll get 200. Pay the 10% on the 200, get another 200. Pay that extra 10% and go blow your 400 at your, at your Base. I might, I might look, I like while I stand on the other side. You could four. Yeah, I might. come on. That's what I'm telling. I want him to grow up. Nah, Fuck that what y'all about?


Stop blow, blow a quick 400 yo. 400 in a recess. It is not Outside of my, That's why's I Don't my my Threshold. What's Your cap? What's your Cap? That's about for bout for then let's get it, let's get that four to six then. No go. Yo, stop on the way. Get you a sta get you a stat one night. Yo. Just one night you a Stack. And especially when the hitters you're talking about, especially when it's them, Mel. Hey, I am just learning. Listen, my, I'm a Mel. I threw more than 400 at the bar. I sure the fuck did come On Ish. Yes. No, you went to the a t That's not the point. That is It is the point of this. No, I'll be Peyton Manning with another nigga.


Fuck you Dog. Whatcha talking About? Hold on, hold on, hold on, Hold on. You'll throw another nigga money in the club. Of course. Alright boy. We about to have a problem. Wait, it's the same thing is said. He was gonna stand next to me while I throw money. That's different. But Hold on. Is that a thing? You can't throw another man's money? No. Yeah, you're not throwing another man. You're not throwing other nigga money. What's wrong with you? Girls can do it. Girls can Do that. Parks consensus. Are they right? Yes. Okay. I learned something today. Yeah. Okay. I didn't know. Oh no, I didn't know. Okay, fine. Yo dog. Let me get some, like if you went to the strip club, I'll be like here. Yes, yes. You could throw that. Yes. I'm not going turn the ice and be like, yo, here, here nigga. Here go your laugh. I'm not doing that. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, and Joe said, yo, I'm gonna get you try to line me up so I can go in there and blow my Arm.


But standing next to your man while you throw money is the same. No, It's not the same. No, it's, there's a difference. A little different. I haven't stood next to his since 2007 anyway. So now he gonna stand next to me in the strip club where I'm money. That's such a liar, yo. Because then he gonna double back with 900 hours of phone time. Smart man. So he get the You prepaid for the Call. Yeah. So he, yeah. Nah, yeah, no, I'm not with You Rikers and got the cold. But wait, then lemme tell you, when my brain went after, I was like, I'm not going out. I was like, I ain't gonna go out. It's Thursday. We gotta work tomorrow. I need my sleep. I'm gonna show up and get up, show up as the best meeting.


And I was like, This Nigga tried to go out on a Thursday. This Nigga will be going out on Thursdays. I'm bold. Ain't Gonna tell me yo. My head is crazy. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I'm what's wrong? But that's craziness. I shouldn't do that. Oh man, this guy's nuts, Man. Blow a stack in the club. Yo. Just a little thousand. These niggas Blow that fucking hoodie and teacup money. He's a teacup. Give holly some of that fucking teacup. That's that point. All right. Oh man. Shout out to Holly Shout. All right, so the Menendez brothers. Yeah, the Menendez brother Kim Kardashian is advocating for them to be freed.


There's more than that new thing going around. Oh. So give it, put on your reading glasses. Lemme me get these. Put on your reading glasses. Bifocals In another world. They're not bifocals. It is only 1.75 prescription over here. I can't Even see You Right now saying Real grand. I see you real well right now. I can't see you. You got them Shit shits that Dwayne Reed. No. No. And until this company gives me some money, I'm telling You always have You shut the fuck up. You are right behind me. Okay. C Bs in another world. You somebody, you somebody grandma somewhere in World, in a parallel universe. I am I'm the most lit grandma you've ever met in your life. All right. Menendez brothers. They have a, Bernice is A grandma. Bernice is A grandma too. Okay. So Right. I that would But you In that field of grandma.


Yes. I we would be of the same ilk. Yeah. All right. Well, yes, Say something. No, I Agree. All right. I agree. Okay. New hearing set as the DA weighs evidence of molestation amid the success of Netflix monsters. So this really, this and the Menudo documentary is the new evidence, I guess that they're talking about. So no, No, no, no. That's not true. They found, allegedly, they found a letter from one of the brothers. I don't remember which one that he wrote to. Maybe a cousin or something like that, that was saying that they were molested. That my dad is, is okay. This Is a year or two. Before they killed Him. They Killed him. They didn't include that. Go ahead. Not to sound insensitive.


Here comes something insensitive right now. Five It is coming. Countdown there. Sensitivity out the window. One. Go ahead. If they were Molested, Molested, that means you can kill your parents. No. Yes. No. Well, it's a, it's a justification. Yes. No. What is it? Self-defense or something. They, it'll modify the sentencing. Yes, yes, yes. You okay? Yes. Follow up question. Yes. Maybe I don't understand what self-defense means, but I did watch the doc. It wouldn't be self defense. It would be something like a voluntary manslaughter or involuntary manslaughter. Like there, it, these would be the considerations.


So A different charge. Yes. Yes, exactly. Because they were, they were facing capital murder. So they were looking at the death penalty. And then because after their first, their second trial, 'cause the first one was a mistrial. They were given, you know, life behind bars rather than death. And that was what the, the jury determines. So, so you think, I don't know. I'm asking you think it'll, 'cause they got first degree murder charges, right? Yeah. No life in prison. They got parole. But they've Appealing, I'm saying the charges were first degree. So Yes. Even if they were molested, I'm asking, they still plot plotted to kill their parents. Yes. But Maybe with different motives. Now They, they would've been, they would've been specialists. The judge would've indicated to, to the jury that there were special circumstances that they could have co considered when it came to sentencing.


Sentencing. Yeah, exactly. Got it. Okay. Okay. So the district attorney in la he basically said, we have been given evidence, we have been given a photocopy of, oh, you're right. It is the letter. Yeah. That allegedly sent one of the brothers, that one of the brothers sent to another family member talking about being the victim of molestation. He's definitely right. We've also got evidence that was provided by the defense, by his lawyers, that one of the members of the Minuto band alleged that he was molested by his father. So this hearing could lead to a new trial. And I believe that this is where Kim K comes into the picture. She's gone to the jail, she's visited the brothers, and she's written a heartfelt letter, basically saying that they're not the monsters that they've been depicted and that they deserve a new trial.


They, that the molestation needs to be reconsidered in light of everything that we know now. But the brothers have spoken out about monsters, the TV show, and they basically said that Ryan Murphy just did a complete and total hack job. Didn't Yeah, they Condemned It. Yeah. Didn't consider any, didn't speak to them to find out what their side of the story was at all. So, To which he responded like, I don't give a fuck, Basically. Yeah. Yeah. I'm Ryan, I I made a TV show. I'm not here for Yeah. I'm Ryan Murphy. Facts I didn do want. And his defense. I mean, like it or not, that documentary put new light on their shit. That's true. I mean, Well, the Manto documentary did both.


Both, both. Because even prior to the Manto doc, you guys were coming in like, eh, Where's the Manto doc On Peacock? Yeah. I have Peacock. Yeah. Like you guys came in after episode five and was like, eh, yeah. I think they might be onto something. Yeah. So the documentary did Impact case. I always case I felt like they were they like they were abused? I know we had that talk on the Patreon. We did one earlier in episode, but I always felt like they were bruised, abused. The manner in which they went about killing their parents was just a little too gruesome. I don't think that people just, Hey, let's get the shotgun and blow mom and dad's heads off this show Nine times. Five times. Yeah. I Don't, I don't feel like that. Yeah. I feel like a lot of people just have this very, like black and white, either or way of looking at this.


It's either, either you were abused or you did it for the money. And it's like, two things can be true at the same time. But They've been locked up since when? 89, 90, 96? Well, yeah. No. Could they, that was when they, they've been locked up. 'cause they were in jail when they were going through Court. Yeah. So they were remanded But. yeah. So 96 was when they were convicted and then sentenced. So roughly 20 years to prison. Yeah. They probably got locked up in like 94. No, 96. No. Is there any, yeah. Is there anybody here that feels like they should not be released based on this new evidence? I don't. I mean, me. Yeah. I don't, I don't quite understand. That's why I'm, I'm asking these questions. I don't think they, if they're charging them with something different.


Like if they're saying, okay, it wasn't, I see first degree murder here. So if they're charging them with something different and they justify it by, you know, you were molested, but It's not the murder. It's why The why matters. It's, it's the why. Right. That's what I'm saying. In the court of law sometimes. So they're charging them with something different. Second degree, I, I don't, I don't know the law. And that carries a different sentence. They've been in jail for almost 20 years. Let's say the charge carried 30, I'm sorry, 30 years. Excuse me. Let's say the, the new charge only carries a 21 year sentence or Something like that. Then they would end up with probably time served. Right. And they get Out. So then I'm not against them getting out. I, I just need more information.


I don't quite understand. 'cause I see the definition. I know of first degree murder is what I saw happen. Well That's the purpose of the hearing is to, is to determine whether or not there is enough new evidence that where a new trial would be required. The judge has to determine that this is enough new evidence to say, all right, we're gonna go back to trial. We're gonna consider this new evidence in light of everything that's come forward. Got it, Got it, and then determine, you know, leave it up to a jury. Okay. So that's what the hearing is called. Because it Yes. To determine whether or not It is about any of this fucking factual hearing. New charges. Shit. It's the ruby rose shit. Ruby Rose is home girl. Right? Yeah. Where her mom was doing all the abuse for years and years and years.


Gypsy Rose, gypsy Ruby Rose. Ruby Rose Is Here. Rose, look what y'all just put on Ruby Rose. Y'all, We did that. Y'all should be ashamed of yourselves. Shout to Ruby Rose front the show. Gypsy Rose. Gypsy Rose was getting abused in the house by her parents and had a, and by her mom and had the boyfriend come over and do that shit. Right. And they looked at that with that understanding. Yes. It is just about the understanding in which this crime happened. Which is very different from, yo these guys are cold blooded murderers blowing their parents heads off with shotguns while they was eating ice cream in the, in the den. That's true for money too. Yeah, for money. That's right. For money. Even though the family already had money. That's true. Right. Like these kids didn't look like they were hard up for anything but the action versus, Hey, I'm being abused in this house for years.


Over years. Over years by let's say mom and dad. Okay. Or dad and mom is complicit because she doesn't intervene. Do anything. Yeah. Mom don't give a fuck. She don't stop it. But, But the actions after the fact kinda lends to, okay, you, you, I mean, like you said, two things can Be true. I assume that you already delirious by the time you grabbed the shotgun and shot your parents' head. That's what was about to, you already delirious any action after that. I'm judging through a different lens. They went shopping. I don't care. Temporary. I go shopping when I'm sad. Temporary in sanity. I go shopping when I'm sad. Things now Are on the table because of your abuse. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes Sense. The lens in which people would look at them going shopping and whatever else. They'd look at it as callous and sociopathic. Almost like celebratory.


But now we all have a different idea and, and understanding of mental health. Now it's released and trauma and everything else. So it's true that we have a different lens in which we would look at things and understand how victims of abuse might just have a disassociated way of reacting to Yeah. Shit like that. And any drawer that has been withone through any trauma, they not, they gonna be sympathetic for sure. Story. Now if, if I am a future significant other of either of them, I want to know if a weapon is in brought. Isn't Eric married? One of 'em is married. Eric's married. Yeah. Wait is Lyle, Eric is the older one. One of 'em is married.


I don't Remember which one. Jail to me is like the military marriage singer. That's, he met her during the trial. Alright. We getting married for perks. Y'all army niggas. One day I'm gonna talk about you Army husbands. They know what It is. Y'all army husbands and a wives actually and Wive. I told y'all about military wi y'all ever some military wives? Yes. What? Me too. 10 Hut. We need to grow up. No, they And a little Tris told me about her husband too. Nigga. They know What It is. He was deployed or some shit. He was away. They're both Married Actually. Okay. Yeah. Military wise. It is different. They not staying married when they get out. How much money they Stole?


Easy to get married than me. How old are They now? Fifties I think. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. No, Look. But this might even raise a thing put because I'm sure the insurance company pulled that money back way too Delicious. 56 And 53 When delicious. Find out them niggas get on. Y'all got these girls? Yeah. They coming out here at a different game. This ain't 89 homeboy. This ain't 88. No. They come home with your little BMW and they and the BMW ain't enough. No more. Eric and Lau and Nigga, they finna be lit too. They Be on every talk. Yeah. Everybody in that big house. Now the big house y'all was in that was fancy back then. Everybody got one. Now they coming home to a whole different monster. The phones is there.


Oh my God. They about to have a back to that conversation we had with Jwan about Cardi where we dragged it. Not that this relates in in any way, but maybe it do. 'cause the, the Menendez brother's about to come home to a whole new world. You see they saying Stefan digs is the name that he went in there and and seen in the phone. I've heard That. I don't know that to be true or not true, but if it's you, my question is the same question we argued about, but through a different light, do you feel really, really good that a stone cold killer did what he had to do with your queen?


Or are you upset that your queen didn't have enough discernment to recognize she was being lined up by a stone cold killer? That is my question for my distinguished cast. I'm, I'm, I'm hot. Yeah, I'm tight. I'm hot either way. Yeah, but to just to answer you, which I'm hot though As it relates to the question that J one or statement j Juan proposed. Yeah. Yeah. I'm hot, I'm hot, I'm on fire. This I Can't, he this Nigga I'm hot. Can you guys gimme a, that's So crazy to me. Can you guys, I'm not, I'm on the other side. I Know you, you, I'm so on the other side. But you view these things Through a Strange lens damn near independently. Like if we took a poll and there was a hundred men, you would be on the three percentile.


I don't know about that, bro. Yeah, but we never speak to men about anything. So No, I, we wouldn't know. I think you would be on the, I think maybe three or four jokers would feel like you, I think everybody else would be on the other side of That question for you guys do, if you're offset, do you look at him as higher or lower than you? Good question. Because that was what we were talking about last week was That's a really good question. When, when you find out who he is, you know, for women we want Wait, Wait, what? What? That's a good question. When we were talking about like for for women. Stop it. Stop it right now. Good. Stop it right now. She said if your officer, I heard what you said. You ain't gotta repeat it to me, talk to ice.


So why you, why you saying stop it, Talk to ice. 'cause he gonna say it better than me. You think? I'm Trying to find a way to Oh my God, bro. Realistically I'm listening. He He's Him, him. I know him, him, him, him, him. Like the real hims like the The, you look up him in the dictionary like saving Your fantasy team currently. Yeah. With good ass skin and his whole hairline. I seen him and a s curl. No, Sometimes when you want to go Afrocentric, Sometimes he wanna be dug and he put the cornrows in. Yes. And he is one of the best dressed world athletes world out there.


And GQ acknowledges it. It is different to just be Swaggy. Fashion Week acknowledges it. And a couple hundred million in career. The earnings signed the biggest, a few of them, A few of them. A hundred, 2 million. And the Way and the way he We talk about we are viewing him. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You see that too? I'm talking about when you go in that phone and see it that it's him. It's him. Oh. Shit and let's, shit, let's talk for real. You're a little, little far out. Yeah. come on now. Let's talk for real. come on. Allegedly. come on. Allegedly. Allegedly. He's the, the sniper Sniper right here. Yeah, we Know the snip the snipers. We snipers. No Nigga. No, I'm saying allegedly.


I'm, I'm not, no, I'm saying we, I'm agreeing with y'all. So hold on. Melyssa asked me a question based on offset's view. So now if I'm offset nigga the Migos have been them for the last fif, let me talk please. The last 15 years the Migos been Migos in you not looking at this nigga like he way better than you because I'm sure they might be Eskimo brothers on another Accord. Cool One. It ain't Eskimo brothers with my wife. That's one. Two the Migos were the Migos years ago. They are not the Migos today. And you think offset views themselves like that These niggas belu not the offset, but athletes, entertainers, all of them keep the delusion that I'm still him. Cool. Nigga could be an athlete that been retired for 10, 15 years and they still think they're worthy of the same accolades that they used to get back in the day when niggas used to open a rope.


Am I lying? Nope, not at all. You're right. So, so his brain from Melissa's question was, do you think offset views it like this? Yes. We talking. Yes. I think he do. A thousand percent. Yes. I think he do. Even that delusion you could, you could front with that delusion all you want. Yeah. You go To bed with yourself. Right. You Know His stomach was upset When he, if that's why he saw that name. I think that nigga might have had the runs. If this is, I would explain why he, this runs not for anybody. It could have been Stefon Gilmore. It don't matter who the fuck. No you rather, you'd rather be Stefan Gilmore than Stefon digs. Okay, this nigga is pinging Ping, ping, ping, ping, ping, Ping. Yeah. Well not me who clipped mine? I don't. Hell I never feel like that because allegedly I respect the power of temptation and I feel like men out there, we moving on soon.


Audience. I feel like men out there never take into account just how powerful temptation is. And if you a real killer, all you gotta do is look down your memory lane and look in every one of those instances that you've killed in. You've killed in every arena. No matter if it was 1, 2, 3, 4, group Vegas fucking rooftop over here, fucking over here you've killed. You asking a lot of women to ignore that great cologne, that great skin, that well-dressed person that's pulling up in different joints every week that you seeing on tv.


That that the girl group? No, the girl group ain't even football niggas, but it's some of 'em football niggas that the girl group know. He won them done did it over here in Buffalo. Now we in Houston. He is the James Harden of Yes, the FL. His reputation precedes him. Indeed. And that nigga's skin be glowing. Hey, I was at my little birthday after shindig. Hold up now. Yeah, yeah. Talk about it up man. He came in, corn rolled up. No talk about it. Beat up nigga up man. Sounds Like he had a party bus outside. Nigga. Hello? The smoke, I went out to smoke.


He did it what it look like out there. And this ain't my Mr. Club pardoning man. Pardoning man. And the thing is, when dudes is playing in that ballpark, you may have seen him before if you was driving by Yankee Stadium, old Yankee Stadium You know what I mean. If you was looking for parking, if you, you might have seen him in that ballpark. I'm at my birthday party after party. We maybe have crossed something somewhere in the universe. Maybe right fucking somebody, the promoter or somebody come up to me happy as yeah. Yeah, yo and Amani. Hell yo. Yeah, Stefan Diggs is here. You. all right nigga.


No. Now we gonna bring him in. Nigga, I don't give a fuck about what you talking about. But he came in, I seen him. Leather jacket tank top doing some shit that good looking niggas can only do. I go outside and tank top right now. Nigga had leather pants. Target clothes, target clothes right now by walking in a tank. Top nigga had leather pants, leather pants. I got leather pants. I've been buying since 2018. I ain't wor, I ain't warm since I ain't warm. I got a leather vest that I cop from Bergdorf. I got a old outfit I won't wear. Please Wear them together. I please wear the leather pants and the leather vest together. No, no. I bought the leather vest for these leather shorts just ripped. Rick Owens got even better Rick Owens type of thing. But anyway, anyway, I ain't worn it yet because it's different.


It's different with them niggas that could wear leather shit and tank tops. Anyway, he came in, gave 'em a nice firm handshake. Peace, peace. And he went on about his business. He didn't stay very long. He immediately left. And that's because I've been outside for a long time. I know sometimes to beat some of these killing niggas. It takes game planning. It takes preparation. You gotta beat 'em before you even see 'em. You gotta fuck a girl that's not in they whole peripheral with all these niggas. Like these little skinny girls. I had a bunch of fucking big overweight hippopotamus, thick, nice body weight, big bitches in there.


He walked in there got sad. Yeah. Nigga I beat you four months ago I think. I wasn't home playing like a professional killer for the day that I would see You face to face. He gave, he gave some headaches at the bar. Oh, well that was where you, that that was where other people was. There was some headaches at the bar. Oh, none of mine. Not that I haven't No. None of yours. No, none of mine. Not at the bar. That was Corey. Not just, that was Corey and somebody else. Y'all missing How he pulled up. Yeah. Y'all skipping. So he bought sand. How they No actually No, no, no, no. He bought the beach. He bought a beach of blue sand. Oh yeah. I wouldn't know y'all was watching outside Sand. Oh, nigga you couldn't miss it. It's all right Though. Hell, ain't no windows in there though. We Doing that nigga move under the bus.


Yo what I'm saying bad. What I'm saying is this, he is a stone. I'm saying it's tough for people to, to fight. Temptation is all I'm saying. And if you go on that phone and you see a stone cold, yo yo, yo Yo, yo, yo. Here you go. We Got it. Yes. You agree with that? A thousand percent. How could you not? What are you talking about? Why would Melyssa Ford not Agree with that? Because the the are you crazy? I want, I want, I want this to be a memorable moment. Why, what what You saying? Because the next time it come up with the niggas doing the fuck shit. I wanna say that the temptation should be taken into account. Well, no, because we don't take temptation into account. It's always your discernment and your pussy, your dick control and your dick intelligence. Oh, girls don't always have the best pussy control.


That's a fact. I know. And I think it's a double standard temptation is stronger for women. I don't know about that. Why do you mean that? I Know y'all could you, y'all, you play pand music. Why? Every time I give like a real genuine thought. You, you all say I'm pandering. The Same reason when we give our genuine thought, you call us pussy or say we pand on some other shit. Same reason, same reason. Fear. Okay. So what I'm saying is I want everybody, Yo, ain't none of you niggas that fucking sexy Cool. No, no man. Like yo, as a man, it ain't but so much. That's to your fucking No, I'm, I'm reversing it. I'm it, I'm reversing it. Yeah, you are. I was, I was gonna let you step into quicksand.


I'm, I'm Jayan said and I quote, we need to have better. Damn, I can't even quote him no more Dick management. No, I said women have poor pussy management. No, but you said something about when we not fucking them always sexual discipline. Discipline. Sexual discipline is what my young God said. So I want to now say that in the future, we gonna just put it in. I'm gonna remember, I'm saying this was my point when I reversed it earlier, I'm saying that women is fine and then they're not fine. And I media fine and they're ugly. But I mean that's the scope of it for men. And if it's not, then you're a bitch ass nigga. Like if you're looking at the girl and saying, oh my God, what a nice studio apartment she has.


I can't wait to, oh my God, look at this Mitsubishi, she is killing shit. I will sleep with you. I'm not talking about the homosexuals, I'm not talking about them. I'm talking about as a man, she gonna either look good or she ain't. And if you had enough women that look good, then I mean it ain't gonna be but so much temptation. They look good, they look good for women. All of that other shit comes into play. It's another part you missing. Give it to me. She mad at this nigga. Yes. No, I'm not mad at Stefan Diggs being on the phone I got so no, I'm just saying like, She ain. Hey, he could have been on his best behavior all month. She's going to fuck. And a lot of the times, that's the reason why one, Hey, you been the best boyfriend all year.


Guess what? I hear you. But I'm talking about Giants played the Texans December 7th. You working late? I hear you. She off and a whole girlfriend came out to the game, got that extra ticket and your whole girlfriend knows somebody related to him talking about, oh, you guys just gonna go to the family. No girlfriend know him. She know the safety. Yeah. We just gonna go to the family and friends actually over here. What, what we gonna, where bitch be? So d when they outside to the locker room. Why? Anyway, we off on a tangent. Alright. So y'all want them dead brothers to stay in jail? Nah. For no.


I mean if, if, if they could It's over. It's, yeah. It is a complicated conversation. It's fine, it's fine. It, it's fine. We, we just killed a nigga two weeks ago that they had evidence to prove he was innocent. So I don't really You know what I mean. Jaguar W Right. Oh man. Jaguar Wright. All I have written down in my notes is you people are still making Jaguar Wright a thing. Pierce Morgan. Y'all are making me have to talk about Pierce Morgan interviews now. Yeah. Y'all are still putting a mic in this bitch's face. How did she become the, I dunno what to call her, but she's like the Spokesperson For lack of a better word, like the ghetto oracle.


You know what I'm saying? Like how did that happen? 'cause she was a singer and then all of a sudden It is just, she's just spilling tea all over the place. Everywhere. It's not all of a sudden It's been, she's been doing this for about six, Seven years now. Okay, well it's until now It is locked up. Yeah. So now it's like, oh okay. Maybe been what she's been saying might have some credence and, and, and, and validity. So now it's like, oh, At no point will internet people want people to prove their validity. Like that's, I thought about that last night. The whole I got receipts thing is people on the internet that have made that line lose lose its luster.


Like that line don't even hit like it's supposed to hit when it first hits. Y'all got receipts that mean I'm about to prove what I'm saying. I'll tell you a step further. Need Und It is just ice fucking receipts. I Think it's weird when people know information about fucking sex trafficking rings and child molestation and all This shit. You held onto it in their phone. What the fuck? Like you should be guilty of something too. Now. I don't think It is tough to throw a volleyball in the ocean and hit water. Right. And I feel like that's what this lady has been doing for quite some time. Yes. She is grabbing the shotgun Approach. Well no, she's grabbing the salacious and very obvious headlines and expounding on them with shit.


And again, I'm only saying this 'cause I heard her say outta her mouth that she saw a video of Stevie J and Joe Button. Fucking so I know, I know. I can say with 100% certainty. Oh that this lady just be saying shit to add to the luster of whatever the fuck she's saying. What if you ain't know it was a camera in that room? I've never been in any, any compromising situation. I've never been in any situation where someone tried to overtake. That's never I'm fucking with you dog. That's never happened to me. So sorry. TMZ floating some clip around now talking about Puff and one of his homes had a club built in and this is the scene from one of the party.


He makes a weird request on the mic about lotion. And I'm looking at the scene, I was like, oh, nobody, you ain't gonna do that. I was at that party. That was the fucking 50th birthday party Everybody was at that party was a time. It wasn't no free golf shit there. Even what he said. It just sound like some promoter like, like some mc type shit at a party like, yo, everybody yo, make sure y'all, yo, this nigga don't wanna dance, get up and dance anyway. Like I'm Yeah, he was saying is the mc have time, the party nigga It is, It is some hoes up in here. Look your best. Make sure your breath smell, smell your best. Make sure. Yeah, I I didn't take that. But again, they looking through everything with a fine comb and if anything, if they could even remotely tie it to make it sound like it's something else today they're gonna do it.


How long y'all think it take until he's broke? For real. For real. Financially broke? Yeah, because everything I'm seeing say that That is a goal of theirs. Oh, the break. I Think it would take him a While. A while. It would take him a while because like what he was like, did he get billionaire status? He was at least at like 800 mil. That mean You got, here we go. That mean you got billionaire liquid money. Here we go buddy. That ain't liquidity. Y'all. Y'all start talking about them Forbes Yeah. Forbes lists and shit like that. That's true. I think that yeah, being a billionaire and having a billion dollars ain't the same. It is true. Totally different. Ain't the same thing. Especially when you, you have assets.


But now like hypothetic, I mean not hypothetically he had to step down from revolt. Yeah. Right. So maybe, maybe his stake in revolt might change over the next couple years when they start talking about your, your net worth that goes into that. You get what I'm saying? Like so things are probably rapidly changing for him at this point. A decade might take him a decade. What's broke? What do you mean when, when you say to him broke? No, I'm saying he said before he goes broke. I'm like, what is your definition of him being broke? Yeah. With somebody who has like $50 million houses in more than just one city. Like what is broke to that man? Yeah. 'cause then I can answer your question a little Bit better. Broke is the same no matter what It is, when your expenses super exceed what you earn.


Yeah. That's it. Oh, Shit, I and I'm just doing math right? You paid Cassie, what was it? 30, 30 million. That's 30. You had to come up with hard. We have to assume that. And I I did, we did. This was down on the board. So I'll just do this real quick. His Diageo salary is gone. That's Gone. You talking about 40, 50, 60, 70 million a year. 70%. Yeah. Gone. You gotta miss that We talk about the had to buy the house. We talking about other people that you, you put it up. Yeah. You had to buy the No. So now houses that you own, even if he ain't have to buy 'em outright, those are not regular mortgages. You know what I'm saying? Like that ain't regular insurance.


Some of these niggas mortgages be a a hundred grand a month, 200 You know what I mean. Depending on how much your house costs, You have to assume that he paid some other people off quietly. Yeah. Or to sign some NDAs. If you believe those stories, Your attorney fees gonna be safe. His attorney fees have to be through the moon. Yeah. Yeah. He offered a fi you know what made me think of this? 'cause on the bail package, he, he offered the $50 million bail package. It was de declined then a new judge Got it the next day and he didn't go up on the money. And that made me think about this. So what I heard, he went Up on the, Hey, I won't have people come to my house. The ladies I want see girls, it'll only be family, but he never went up on the money. And if that's me and my attorney and they just turned down the 50 the day before, I'm coming back with a higher number.


I'm coming back with a number higher than 50. Yeah, I am. Is There, I've been in that bail packet situation before. Nowhere near to this degree. No, Of course. But I I i, from what I heard though, they had already worked out the bail situation. That's the reason that he paid off the house. They said he paid off the house preemptively because they had worked out a bail situation where they were gonna take the cool, you know what I'm saying? And all of that shit. Take the house just in case. And he worked all of that out prior too. So even again, when they raided him on that Monday, he was turning himself in Tuesday. But even with that, okay cool. We worked this out, it was denied. So yeah, now I'm it's a counter, it's counter off Of time.


Like all right. Damn. All right. Y'all didn't take this. I thought we had something here. Okay, cool. Y'all denied that. Well let me now sweeten the pot. Let me add some more in there. Might, but what's the difference between 50 Mil and 60 mil? What's, what really? What's difference At that point he might not have other, other houses that he could liquidate in that man. Well, That is what they'll start making put our property might not. That's where his question comes in. 'cause he said he didn't go up in the money. The second bell package also was 50 mil. I think their goal is to bleed him. Yes. Plentiful. Yeah. Before we are gonna pow pow you and l you Trial hit so you don't even have the money to continue to do all this. He attitude lawyers, I just, I I'm, I'm doing pocket watching. See this way. I like the pocket watching. I'm doing pocket watching. And y'all asking of him a lot.


Y'all asking financial wealth, wealth, wealth, wealth, wealth. To think that you could just continue this for another Like even 10 years. Crazy. Even like the guys like Gates and them. Yeah. They're not worth be crazy but it don't be liquidity. It be ownership of shit. I might own 30% of Microsoft it that has a value. So they calculate that value on my net worth. That don't mean I could just go get three, four, $500 million like that if I'm worth a bill. You know what I'm saying? That shit be different. Did Y'all hear Star Curse Jaguar write out? Did I absolutely love that? Finally somebody just said, yo, you Dusty Bird. And he tried, he tried to keep it cool for a minute too. He was, he did. He really did. Like all right, look now look.


Wait, you ma ma'am listen, you gonna try to mock me? This gonna go another way. He did. I'm gonna give you a chance to speak. I'm gonna set some ground rules. Listen ma'am, ma'am, ma'am. And then had enough got Love Big Jersey. Got Love Star Love. it was Actually kind of quick here, it's more so on the Oh, I remember Star. Yeah. And Buck Wild. I remember them. That's me. So let's talk about your appearance. I'm saying you hit a grand. I'm saying you hit a grand slam in case you know Buck Wild. And I was cool friends. That's my younger brother. But now, hang on a second. So you gotta be able to tell when people is off. Lemme me speak and then I speak in Normal conversation. You tell, I said in the, in early in the broadcast, you hit a grand slam. I think you'll be on the Joe Rogan show.


Any any thoughts about that? Yeah, please. Whatever I do, wherever I go next, everybody will find out at the same time. Like they always do. If I announce myself, people would know how to stop me. Okay, Jaguar. Right? That's number one. Yeah. I hate that. See I'm of a different caliber. See, I I I just found it funny to hero worship. Jay-Z's of a different caliber. Jay-Z's of a different caliber. You wanna know what he wasn't of a different caliber. Listen, listen. If if, if you try to mock me, Hey, hey Jack, Jack And I, Jack, jack, Jack. If you try to mock me, I will take your fucking head off. Slow it down.


Really? Yeah. How you going to do that? Oh yeah, I'm letting you speak. How You going through that popping up flag? But do, do not try to let me sideways bitch. I don't really give a fuck. Lied either way about This. shit. He lied on Pierce Morgan. Okay. He Lied. On Morgan, we a discussion. We can have a discussion is available. Funy nasty bitch. But you're gonna respect me. You can get the fuck off my line. I don't need you to go viral. Okay? I don't need you to go viral. Bitch. She's looking for a moment and that time. Put your, put your man on the phone if, if you can't, I willing to. I just, why you're talking a liar. Nevermind everybody else. I'm talking to You right now. Your nappy head lose 'cause lied.


I'm talking to you. Lie. Nevermind Vlad, nevermind vla, I'm talking to you. Bitch. He would never be mind vla put your, why do I have email put, I'm really like that. I don't give a fuck about all none of this. You know what? That's all I gonna let I put my foot square in your ass. Like, like that. I'm really like that Yeah man. Do you want to talk or do you wanna try and act funky? What do you wanna do? I I'm cut it off. She Hung up I think. Nah, he didn't, the dude got on the phone. Oh yeah, you're right. You're right. Yeah. I forgot the dude got on the phone. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just, I'm just amazed at people's ability to listen to this girl.


But I mean, I know it, it, It's, think people like that shit. They Loved This shit. Especially some conspiracy theory shit with some celebrity. Yeah. Forget about, did I miss how that devolved so quickly? She started mocking him because she mock, he's of A different caliber. Jay-Z's A different caliber because Star said that about Jay-Z. Okay. I did not, I missed that part because it was a little fuzzy the way she said that. He's like, hold on now you're trying to mock no mock me. Don't Mock me. Yeah. Star is a whole fan. She is not clearly Got it Got it. Wow. I mean I I've I've I've had the pleasure of seeing some interviews from her son who don't fuck with her. I also read the, the clips of her getting arrested over there.


U-Haul van. Shit. I keep telling y'all we need an internet SAT test. So I can know a few facts about the people that's talking. I want to know if you ever got arrested for not returning the U-Haul truck on time. That's gonna be my first and last time standing and listening to anything that you have to say. They're pretty forgiven. U-Haul people. Hey, was this some Bluetooth shit? Looks like a, I ain't even plugged in your, it's Your computer ringing. You gotta connect it. Oh, they found Me. They found me. Y Yeah. It all, it all ringed together.


All right time for my favorite Part of the Show Pride PrizePicks. Shout to the gang. Y'all know what time It is? PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Super easy and simple to play. All you have to do is select two or more players look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win. Big. I They also do season long games. So I am going with, lemme switch it up. I'm going with Drake London for more than 1200 yards. If the other night was any indicator, huh? His highest scoring game in fantasy ever. come on. He slipped to the fourth round. I caught him. I caught him wait for my fourth round pick to show up and I had the bucks kicker 17 off the waiver. 17 off the waiver. So I'm going Drake, London for more than 1200 receiving yards. I am going Patrick Mahomes for more than 4,000 passing yards. And I'm going with Sequan Barkley for more than 1500 rushing yards. That that's what I'm doing. Yeah. I'm changing 1500. Yeah. Rush yards. Sequan Barkley you heard? Why you looking silly? It was 10 50 in the beginning. They upped it. Nah, I upped it. I upped it. I'm telling you what I'm doing week to week. you know what I mean? Run your game. Run your game. Run your game. Also, if you sign up today, you get $50 instantly when you play $5. That's right. You don't even need to win to receive your $50 bonus. It is G ron teed and September is over. So all of that September special is over. So if you missed it, you just missed it. And you'll have to rely on your strategic skills and your sports knowledge. Don't forget to use the promo code JB BB and run your game. Good old PrizePicks. Good old PrizePicks. I Love it. Yeah. Drake London showed up for me the other day. He did.


Round of applause for Kaitlyn Clark winning Rookie of the year in the WNBA. come on. come on. Almost unanimous. Almost. Yeah. One vote. Almost unanimous. But that podcaster got in the way free. She got a vote. Angel Reese, they gave her a vote. She got a vote. Shout out to the New York Liberty kicking ass on the playoffs. Killer. Shout to the Mets man. Shout out to the Mets. Huh? Hug coming back in the ninth. That Was great. I tuned in right before homeboy hit that home run. I was like, good timing. Shout out to the police for making the streets just a tad bit cleaner.


Got Rashid Rice's mom off the streets. Right. That's An asshole. They got the whole family. The apple never falls too far from the tree as if I've ever seen an apple tree in my life. I told y'all they needed to get him off the streets. They got his mom. She stole some vinyl. That's crazy. From the apartment complex front door. As she was headed home, They leaked The footage. Seen some good Aretha Franklin or some shit over there. Nah, it wasn't, it was like SA Carpenter or something. Yeah, it was some other shit while wearing the jersey. She stole that shit while wearing the Rashi rice jersey that said Rice's mom.


Yep. The custom joint. Because her real last name is not Rice. It's a different last name. It's like me and my mom. So if my mom put a button jersey on and shot somebody, I would be upset. You should have kind of did that on your jacket and not mine. Your maiden name. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. For real. Use your maiden name if you're gonna steal vinyl from the apartment complex. So yeah. How does everybody feel about the streets being just a tad bit cleaner today? And how would you feel if your mom got arrested for like the dumbest crime in the world that was captured on the ring camera? I would be furious. Furious. Hot furious and I'm rich. Yeah. Yeah. And I could buy you whatever you want. All the vinyls nigga out the hood.


I'm on fire right now. Yeah. Yo, speaking of keeping the streets safe. Wanna applaud my aunt, my 96-year-old aunt Stop driving. She stopped driving, she stopped driving. She stopped. She's like, I'm done. That's right. She's no longer on the road anymore. Yeah. Lucy salute. You got the driver. What, what made her get Your old ass in house? Neff. Neff got a driver. No, I, no, no, no. But. yeah. What made her come to this realization? She just She ain. She's like, I I, I can't do it no more. Okay. It was time. Yeah. It was just time. Streets do feel a tad bit safer. That's hilarious. Nailed it. Your old ass Aunt It is awful, Nigga.


I'm, I'm a firm believer in that. Some of these senior citizens at a certain age, you gotta give the car keys up. Yeah. She Ain. You gotta find a different way to go get your Breyers. All right. Shouldn't just be you on the road endangering everybody. What it was man and young people. The same way that rent a car rules apply for, for 20 people under 25. It should be the other way. It should be the other way around. Or you gotta retest or something. Yeah. I think should something You gotta retest. Yeah. Every 83-year-old brain ain't working the same. No. Your Some of them is sharp, some of them are war. Better motor skills. Your motor skills and reflexes. Yeah. All that shit. Yeah. I'm making jokes. Yeah. Well Her 90, her 94 Ford Taurus broke down.


Oh. That's the reason. And classic car. It was like, hey do used to run the streets, boy, hey do, ain't nobody getting like you good. You good. She sat it down. She sat it down. There You go. Shout to Mama Ursula Auntie. Auntie Ursula for tourist. Let's stay on sports for a little bit. I meant to ask y'all this a couple of pods ago, but I'll ask it now. Stephen A did an interview with somebody that I do not remember and they were asking him about his contract negotiations and the rumored five year, a hundred million dollar deal that he wants. Okay. And he made a comp between himself and Dak Prescott saying Dak Prescott just got paid whatever his deal was.


Something astronomical. And he was saying that Dak has had mediocre success in terms of wins and playoff wins and just how far he's taken the team. So if he can get paid that over there, I would never talk about my numbers publicly during a negotiation. But I'm the best in my field. I should be paid like the best in my field. I don't think there's anything wrong with Stephen A saying that. I wanted to ask y'all if y'all found anything wrong with the Dak comparison and how it was, how it was brought up. Yeah. Dak ain the best, best in this field. Huh? Dak ain't the best in this field. Well That's his Point. Well that was his point. No, and I'm gonna sound like a Cowboy fan, but I'm not doing that. You are a cowboy fan. I know, but when you put and, and they did this study, I don't know if you guys saw it.


They had numbers of quarterbacks and they put the numbers up and they put DAXs numbers up and everybody thought it was Patrick Mahomes DAXs numbers are are better than every quarterback that you could put up there on the screen. So if you're talking about numbers and analytics outside of playoff wins, Dak is arguably a top two person in his field outside of playoff wins. So if you're talking about what he did, touchdowns, interceptions, passing yards, completion percentage, all of those things and metrics that they weigh quarterbacks by Dak is at the top of his field. I just think that that shit is a incorrect comparison because it's It's, it's a player and a media personality.


Yeah. That That's all I'm saying. So it's not me. It's like a, it's totally Different world that media. It's a strange comp. Yeah. In the media personality, you don't get a playoffs and you don't get a Super Bowl. Right. So if we gone grade the people, we grading them on analytics and Dak is at the top of his field, I think a better comp would've been his counterpart in the media. But a white man, They Brought it up. Okay. Who is his counterpart in the media as a white Man in that conversation? I think they talked about Pat in that conversation. So I don't necessarily Mc Yeah. I don't know if that's his counterpart either, because I don't Pat He'd look at Pat McAfee as his counterpart. I Don. I don't see him as as that Either. Pat has a network of his own too, right? Yes. So it's a different ball game. Yeah. Although ESPN sort of owns It.


Yeah. Whatever. Whatever. But so that's not really his counterpart. So yeah, I just, I just think compared, I think you get paid Football player. I want him to, he's still the top of the, I want him paid. He's the, he's the creme de la creme. How do Y'all feel about a five year, a hundred dollar, a hundred million dollar deal for Stephen A? He might think he deserves it, but he deserves it. And That he might be underpaid at 20 million a year. He's on tv damn near sun, up to sun. He might need more money than 20 million a year. But if that's what he wanted, then give him what he wanted. He might still be shortcutting himself at 20 million if that's indeed what he wanted. Okay. Yeah. Your thoughts.


I also feel like he may be underpaid, but you get what you negotiate. True. So if he's in there asking for 20 a year for five years, there's those people on the other side of that that's with the, they're looking for the stability of the check. True. They're not with the wild, wild west game and the fluctuation of, there's nothing Wrong with that. And there's some comfortability and just your employee, your network's plenty comfort And $20 million a year outside. It's other things that outside of the money, you know your staff, you know your people, you know what you can get away with. You know what you might not be able to get away with. Somebody might offer you 30, but you could go over there and be miserable. Right. And you'd be getting more money. You like the people You know what I mean. You might like your staff. You might like all the people that you work with on a day to day basis.


And you at the top of the, top of the food chain in terms of networks. And not just that I played ball with y'all at the network. Like I restructured the deal to help y'all out. The bail y'all out damn there like dog. I, I I'm, I'm I'm team player all the way through and through that. True. And I'm still at the top of my field. True. So I, I, I think And he still bust ass on It ain't like he, he deserve nothing. I think he absolutely Deserves it. And he seems like he loves the infrastructure, loves the staffing and that's, I'm everybody over there Pay him whatever he asks for. I think he's worth it. If he asks for 25 or 30, I think he's worth it. I can't really imagine ESPN without Stephen A, I'll tell You that much at this point. Nor could they probably afford to lose him today.


I don't think they could Maybe a few years ago. But all of these layoffs Yeah. The way will Look now. Yeah. All of the Nah, Nope. Where would he go see that? Like that's part of the Ed shit. 'cause a lot of the networks are, I think he would be able to run a successful independent show. Maybe he has one, but true I think he could ramp it up and spice it up and bring people on and make it look like first take. But on his own terms, I think he could do that. It's a leverage game. If, if I'm Stephen A, which I'm not, but I'm just wired a different way. I'm always looking to cut out the middleman if it can be done.


So I just imagine what I, I would get from the NBA and from the different streaming from Amazon and Peacock and all of them. If I were independent and of the same cache, You Would go straight to not even mentioning sponsorships and ads. That's when I would laugh at that. Laugh at that 20 million. That's why I Said I know your brain already know your brain was But. yeah. 20 million. You happy with it. Great. Another piece off the chess board, but For all you know is Oh yeah, if you're, but they also might have something where they gotta deal with ESPN. See, look, Charles Barkley ready to, to launch Round Mound Media production company despite staying on TNT. That's what I think Stephen A should do.


Well he Is sort of, he needs to be No, yeah, no, ain't His show, his podcast show. I mean I know it's not a full network vibe, but he does consistently put out content on his own. Yeah, but Isn't that on Sirius? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. It's on YouTube. That's where I watch it. Wherever It is, his production company on his own could be revved up for sure. And he could be viewed as the star of that versus the star of ESPN. And then if all the value was there, then he is having different conversations with these Companies. That's a thousand percent versus ESPN being able have I, I go high. Let me let how higher Molly now I I go hire this person up and coming now I go hire them. Now I'm coming to the table as it's like a network.


Yeah. Like you don't think I could be wrong here. Y'all, y'all may no more. You don't think like, like the NBA has some type of a deal with ESPN where they Do Well no, what I'm saying is we get our like, like basically we not going to go get an independent We'll do it straight through you. Yeah. Until the int until the independent they do presents themselves with value. Like, so if, if Stephen A works for espn Right. The, the NBA never even has to fathom stepping outside of ES ESPN because the top dogs that we want are here. Stephen A hypothetically leaves now Stephen A goes and have a conversation with the NBA about the playoffs next year. Right. Something that's I'm has never even probably had to be considered.


I mean it's Kinda like reverse engineering what McAfee did with with his show. Exactly. Honestly, like he didn't have a NFL deal, but now that he got espn, he's got the rights to use the footage properly and all that type of shit. But he was doing huge numbers without any of that shit. And I think Stephen A could do the same if he didn't have the access to the That's what I meant. Footage and shit. Okay. Congrats to Stephen. A. Yeah. I mean even negotiating these numbers him are Yeah, He's him. Blessings on. Blessings on blessings. Shout out to him. S espn, everybody over there. What else, what else is there? Alright, we have you guys' favorite artists. Tommy Richmond. Oh boy. Another one. But I'll shut up 'cause I complain about everybody.


One of y'all if y one of y'all need another one. What? Huh? Because I might be on the same boat with you. Another one of them. I don't know how to say it. Another one of those Culture Vulture. I'm not gonna call him that because he is worked hard. He has music. He's been working on music for a long time. This is my thing. And let me tell you what he said first. So we, I got the tweet up before we kick us back in. Alright, go. Go ahead then girl. So Tommy Richmond, he posted a tweet on October 2nd. He says, I'm not a hip hop artist. There we Go. Cut. Duh. Do you guys know who he is? Yes. Yeah. You got that million dollar Baby.


I ain't never been a babe. Do you want I just wanna make in the million dollar baby A baby Million dollar Baby. Oh God. A baby Dead wrong. I'm in the city to so damn strong in the winter, babe. I just wanna make love. You know all the words you Baby Million Dollar Baby A baby Tommy Richmond. I hate that fucking song. That shit is disgusting. I didn't hate it at first, but I've heard it enough. I hate that song. I needed to hear more slaps Tommy Richmond because there's a lot of money behind him now he got some more slaps, but Tommy Richmond came out and said, I'm not a hip hop artist.


To which dj head of Elliot Wilson's show with Jeremy Heck white boy learned her name. Look at that. DJ Head says for show. So every hip hop station playing Million Dollar Baby or Dao should stop today. Thanks for the heads up to which Tommy Richmond thought long and hard about and replied and said, I'll say again, I'm thankful for everything I'm saying. I don't want to be boxed in. I grew up on hip hop, but I'm a singer Publicist. What Joe Button says is Nigga say that then Word Say that, No, I'm not a hip hop artist. It is what he meant to say after the backlash, your publicist calls you and said, you fucking dodo.


So now we gotta clean it up or 'cause You are. I I I don't, I disagree with that. I think he was saying I'm not just a hip hop or don't. Well He had to clean it up by saying that say, just Get it. But again, this is social media. You don't, you hit send and it's out to the millions immediately. No. To the people that don't have a team of however many people working on their presentation that he has your social media. But but they still, for regular people, we get on and say shit and then don't mean it and yada yada yada for him who you've been busting your ass to break through didn't do it for whatever reason. And then you've got million dollar baby and then black people and then TikTok and then culture pushed you to where you needed to be.


Now is not the right time for I'm not a hip hop artist. You, I have no problem with, I'm not just a hip hop artist or I'm much more than just a hip hop Artist or shut the fuck up and enjoy your wave. You don't have to what you are to nobody. Yeah. Why you even tweeting what we talking About there? We don't why you even tweeting? Ah, all you gotta do. You got the easiest job in the world. Tommy Richmond, shut the fuck up Dog. You in that group. Lemme get my shit off first Work out, bro. You in that group of people that can receive your success and never have to talk to black people. True. A thousand percent. A thousand percent. But when the first time you speak speaks to the years and years, because I don't think there's nothing wrong with what he said in terms of you, you're not a hip hip hop.


I I I'll look at him as say, have you, You don't have to say that as a hip hop artist either, nigga, you did not have to say that. But you saying it when hip hop is who have has broken you and accepted you. It gives us remnants of all of the white acts who their barrier of entry is hip hop and they uses as and they abandon it and they throw it to the side and then they start doing country folk music and act like that shit never happen. Tommy Richmond ain't fire enough to do that yet. Sorry. I Agree with you. Sorry. Now he did clean it up. Thank you DJ head Thank you Tommy Richmond for not sounding as stupid as we thought you were about to sound. Let me ask y'all. So, and we again, we've seen artists do this just out of frustration.


I'm just giving another possible scenario. He do an interview or he, he articles something and they're labeling you a hip hop artist and it's just like, damn dog. Yo, I'm not a hip hop artist. Not This shit on hip hop. And again, you might not realize that because you not of the hip hop culture. I don't wanna hear Realize That shit. Can I, can I, can I please finish? Yes. I, I waited. He don't Do that. I'm sorry. Thank you. I'm Sorry. Because you know what? They're gonna start their shit. Oh, I'm sorry. I appreciate it. I didn. I'm Letting by let everybody cook. I just wanna cook too. Go go Your stove. What you cooking is small. It's okay though. Hey, the meal, it ain't about the size of the stove. It's the meal your Stove. It's the meal.


That's the meal. I've chef it up on a, I've chef it up on a hot plate before That college one plate. Go ahead nigga. But nah, like sometimes people, he's not of the culture so he might not even understand that that that statement, how it's gonna resonate to people, why people might take it that way. It could literally have been, yo dog, I'm just, please stop calling me hip hop. I'm not hip hop, but to, but now once you realize that I have to clean that up. But to Joe's point, he has this huge team. So, And he is white. Yes. And so they should be cognizant of the fact that making a statement like that will be inflammatory to the hiphop community. But why Not just say that in an interview where you can expound on it Exactly not as tweet instead Of between why say it period?


Well that I just told You. How many times have, we've seen people say things in the moment out of frustration and now you have to deal with the fallout. I Could see in an interview situation where someone's asking him about hiphop shit and he's like, man In the conversation. I Don't wanna be close-minded to that That is possible. That's, I'm just giving a alternative. There's more gravity to the mistake than, than you know it to be true. And he might, he's learning There. The conversation is deeper than, Hey you guys, y'all got me grouped in as hip hop, but I'm not hip hop. The conversation and the waves, the dog whistle that it sends is much deeper than, yeah because could You could easily say y love hip hop. I grew up on hip hop, but I don't really consider myself a hip hop artist. Like you could somebody way that's Somebody on his team is supposed to let him know, Hey, the day broke you.


Hey dummy, you might get nominated for a Grammy, you had one of the most popular songs in the country this year. You're gonna get nominated for a Grammy if they nominate you in the best hip hop song category or the best hip hop album. You want that? You don't want to turn that off. You want that, That all. No, it's true. I would Just speak to just giving him some, shoot him some bell just on the intent of it. He might, I don't think he intended to shit on hip hop or to disrespect hip hop. That was all. I don't know him. That's True. Not, but I'm not intent. I'm not gonna put that on him. I don't know him. Don't know. I can't say if it that was his intent or not. You. right. Would you guys have categorized that song as hiphop though? No, I wouldn't. What is hip hop today? It's true. True. But that it Half that shit.


Half half of the shit today. Yeah. If a hip hop artist that we know and love put that song out, we wouldn't say it wasn't Blinker wouldn't bat a eye at it. Facts Fair point. Yeah. Because that was definitely not, not how I categorized It. Yeah. I would've never categorized it just off listening to this song ever But. yeah. Okay. Touche. Do you think that this stops his momentum? I don't Know. He just put out an album though. I don't know if his momentum is, I don't know where It is. Greatest Momentum is. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know where It is. Yeah, because I mean his song, like you said was, you know, it was everywhere. Especially 'cause of TikTok and then the Drake Kendrick beef happened and then Kendrick's music came out and then he was still Number two.


He stayed, he stayed up here, he was up there. That song was number two. Like when Kendrick was going on, his number one runs that song was in the top five for a long Time. Yeah. The Chabal nigga ended him. Who was the country nigga? Everybody Shabo. Everybody in the bargain. MC. Everybody in the club. I love Shabo. I would just like to say that I was the first one to play a shazi track up here for Sleepers. Don't send it to yourself. Don't to You. right. Thank you pause, You go. I was Up. You go girl. Girl. I was on game artist faster than all of you. I love Shial Shabo Zi Shamrock Boy Is killing that Shit.


Tommy Richmond, shut the fuck up man. Just enjoy the fruits of your success. Let hip hop people support you without you doing that white boy shit. It's too early to be making such strong proclamations on fucking Twitter. Shut up. Yeah. Or if your goal is to get you getting not yet. Like just, just Not yet. Get your fan base up. I just think, you know, zip it kid could have made a mistake. I'm not gonna crucify 'em like anybody else Is. Oh, then we don't have a job. Yeah. Fuck that Shit. If we stop crucifying artists when they make mistakes, then we're back unemployed or back to our other gig. Sorry. Yeah. I don't want that. I don't want that. Yeah, I don't want that. Me either. So we balance it. No, I'm crucify I'm gonna shoot him some bell.


I ain't gonna hold y'all healthy convo. I wake today. I wake up today and feel like I'm in some type of dream simulation This shit. None of it. It don't feel real. I bet it don't. It don't. I, I feel real at all. Just looking at that. Gotta feel good. I. gotta imagine specifically for you though, like just the roadblocks that you've had put in front Of you. No, I've, once my girl leave, I really get to Sleep. Sleep like this. A clean white shit. Roll, roll over a couple times and it's just you. No. Oh man, Lemme stop because I, I've been doing her too bad on the last few pods so let me leave that alone. But I just wake up to today I saw a tweet, she going, she said she gonna find a way to get her shit off.


I was like, oh, she wanna get a pod. She dying too. I Saw it. She dying to tell her side of things but no. And misogyny. And patriarchy. Well I mean, you know when the rollout was happening, like Mel has a pod and stuff like that, a lot of people were like, you gotta interview Sade. And I was like, shit would in there. Love that. How do you feel about that joke? One one part. Would that Though, how do you feel about that joke? Oh, I would support that if it ever came to fruition. Oh, when it's Happening? No, it could come. No, I will. It's still gotta come out though. I'll fly her out. Everybody had the park and Damn shame.


What happened to equipment that day? Power the whole Building. The whole just now Day. Everybody hot and bogging. Tim, you crazy as hell nigga. My girl. Two scorpions. Sit ass down somewhere. come on. You don't get a voice in rent paid. You gotta pick one. You want rent paid or you want brights. That's totally up to you. I voicing opinion. You can't spell allowance without a laugh. You go ahead and figure it out. I'm talking shit right now. I'm joking. I'm joking, I'm joking. Joking. Shout to Shabo man. Nigga. I like him. It is almost, no, No. I like him. I like that dude.


I do. I do. I really do. What else, what else, what else? I don't even remember what we just talking about. We were talking about Tommy Richmond. Tommy Richmond. Yeah. I Don't care about Tommy Richmond. Okay. Yeah. No, so, Okay, so DDG and Holly Bailey have broken up. Aw. Lost. I'm gonna read y all a statement from DDG You. right that says, dear friends and supporters, after much reflection and heartfelt conversations, Holly and I have decided to guard separate ways. Oh, the decision was not easy, but we believe it's the best path forward for both of us. I cherish the time we've spent together and the love we've shared. Despite the changes in our relationship, our love for each other remains deep and true.


We are still best friends and adore each other as we focus on our individual journeys and our roles as co-parents, we cherish the bond we've built and the beautiful moments we've shared. As we navigate this transition, we ask for your understanding and support. Thank you for your love and encouragement. Oh, science. DDG Damn love loses. Oh damn fucking Usman strikes Again. My question to my distinguished Usman, my question to my distinguished panel is a question I've been asking myself for quite some time.


Who the fuck is DDG and and why am I supposed to care about his thoughts on anything? Oh Man, he's a rapper. Yeah, I I I know him because I know of him. Excuse me. When I went to the Gunner show, he opened and I said the same thing. Who the fuck is this? But apparently the whole crowd knew who the Fuck that was and sang the songs word for word. So Absolutely. Yeah. Nah, they, they knew. What was the demographic in at that concert? Were you the oldest one? I not shooting. I'm not shooting because you said the Whole I might square up. I promise.


That is not, I'm not shooting. I'm shooting would be Did you dye your beard to go Oh Shit? No, I could square up up But she didn't say that. So she's not shooting Technic technically Shooting. Nah, no. It was, it was a lot of white folk. Really? Really? Yeah. Yeah. Every concert. That's true. Look at you rapping. Fuck outta here. Nah, it was, it was a lot. But mostly women. Really? White women. White women singing Weighty GA lot of white women. I didn't see that. And I mean you need, it might mean something else. Tell me, Oh, now I'm good. What the, Okay. But? Yeah. When it was younger, You know the name, any of the songs?


Nothing. Were they catchy? Was the songs good? I, I don't even remember. Did It look like a favor? Got him up there. He didn't have any of the the the screen, the lights, the The popping circumstance, the stage show. No state show. Okay. It was just him Didn't pay for nothing. Nothing to happen on stage. Like a smoke blow or nothing? No smoke, no smoke, no pyro. LEDs, no nothing. Nothing. Dancers A light. Dancers a Light. Oh we Had a light. A live band. No dj, His friend from the hood, you Know we didn't see him. My man Oh Shit little Kit Kat Niggas.


I'm not gonna lie to y'all. I'm not even gonna dis him. Hold on real quick. He wasn't even announced like the lights cut off and the show started and it just Ran out. That sound, that sounds like a favor. And I was like, it's a last minute shit. I literally thought the show thought 'cause gunna didn't have it. Didn't announce that he had an opener. So I'm like, this is how the show started. I'm like, I don't know this Song though. They remind me of when a stray cat got in the house one time. I like didn't announce himself. I was just waking up to get some snacks. What's up? What's up man, fuck you. How fuck you getting ahead nigga? The fuck you doing the fuck Up the door open looking for a snack too. Oh Shit G performance. But again, they knew it, so absolutely. Whatever matters. I Think very lowly of a lot of the crowds there attend some arena shows.


So that doesn't mean anything. I think very lowly of some of the crowds that attend these arena shows. And so them knowing the words don't do nothing for me, I'm very happy that they have broken up. So I don't get to keep seeing this nigga's name attached to this girl's name when I don't know him for nothing. As a standalone. And for me it's important to know people based off their own name and merit and what they have done. I don't even know enough about her. Like I'm not her demo. Right. I'm not her demo either, but every time I see his name, it's attached to hers and it's typically in some type of clout chaser fashion. So that makes me look at him a different way and hopefully I get to look at him a lot less now that they've broken.


Well She's extremely high pro, she's high profile. So Very high pro and very talented. But I'm just, I'm just stuck on why is the nigga putting that statement out? Well he is not done putting statements out. Oh well. 'cause he ain't looked down at his dick. Niggas with penises shouldn't speak that way. Hey, if you got a dick when you pick up your phone, you shouldn't say after careful consideration. Me and my partner have decided to part ways please. Which should give us the privacy that we carefully desire. Dick could just break Up in real life. Well what would his dick have said? You gotta castrate yourself what your dick would do. You gotta catch your Dog. What would your dick do in this scenario post future It. Post a future quote, Post a future quote. Well post one of future bitches by my, by my dog or my, the mirror that everybody knows is mine.


Go to a rooftop somewhere, go to Turks, go somewhere with people in a pool. Look like you're having fun. Unbothered This shit is Oh yeah, because that usually works out that that, that you usually, I, I mean I like that route better. I'm not saying I'm not speaking to its measure of effectiveness, but I like that route better. And if you were confused, he's still going. Okay, Well right. The second, what's the next Wait, what? Right the second he's still going, he says I am a grown man. I can make my own decisions. We chose to split because of personal reasons. Nah, it's not a skit. I'm not hurt and I'm not missing out on anything. And her head game is trash as fuck. Stop It. You lying. Stop it. It's not, it does not say that.


As long as my son good, I'm good. Gimme your phone. You lying your ass. He ain't say her head game. Nothing. No, he didn't say that. So now back to this DDG is a popular rapper and streamer thing and he stands on his own. Whatever y'all was saying before that I edited out. Go ahead, go go. What you saying now? Now with this new information, continue to rep for DDG and I'm show nobody's ing but and then we can get to the usher part of this. What the fuck Is wrong? Yo? Bring men back. I just told you he gotta look at his dick. No he don't have it. He gotta go find it. He gotta go get that from somebody got his dick. Wait, look. Hold on, hold on. Has she said a word? Not A pee? She hasn't said anything.


Not a peep. The only thing that the blogs noticed in between these two widely different messages is that they both unfollowed each other. Oh I don't get that. And it's just like, oh fuck. And you saying her head game is trash. Niggas is gonna go get their own account. Yeah we'll figure it out. Nah, they gonna go find out on their own number one and number two, if it was that trash, why you snatch that cherry so fast? My boy? I mean if her head was as bad as you say that Cherry didn't levitate long before you got in action. DDG first Nigga, we gonna let him know too a Know what? What? You know the DDG. I know that was Jake. The snakes finishing move.


That's the DDT, whatever. What else? I don't give a fuck what y'all talking about. Know the DDG. I knew that's when Jake the snake got real mad. That's When he did You like I Don know about this new DDG that y'all told Oh Shit. That's not really my bag. I just think that homeboy is presenting himself to be a clout, a clout chaser for the term of the relationship. And how old is he? Huh? How old is He? He is like 26. 26. So Trucks, I thought we were gonna have to come in and talk about how kids behave or sometimes, But like the baby. That's the thing. Yeah. Now the kids be breaking relationships up for sure.


Or Usher. I salute you niggas that stay through the stay through the postpartum Oh. Shit like that takes a different type. Hello? come on your hood. Every time I say that takes a different type of wherewithal and grit and fucking will like you really want you love this bitch. You like want this, this gonna work. Hey postpartum is, I can hear them clipping me up now It Is not for the faint of heart, right? It is not a pleasant thing to be around. And you got this nigga gag. Gag G. Go goo in. Nigga QA had a decent sleep in months. Gga gag gag nigga It is four 3:30 AM happening every other hour.


That sex you had to bring this little motherfucker into the world was about five minutes maybe tops. Now you got a lifelong thing. The fucking plan B didn't work. She never took it. You bought two of them. No, she took it and you watched her. You watched her take it. Hey. And if she was long distance, you made a video record herself and had to add that in. Send the video, send the video, had that uncomfortable conversation. Send the video. Send the video. Hey, send that video. You taking that pill big dog Baby asked for Then they wanna fight. Why you don't trust me? No bitch, I don't. It's a lot riding here. I don't trust you or your parenting skills. Oh. Shit. So take the video and send it over.


DD, G. Damn D The nigga hit you with that. That was your Ass. What? DDT Jake hit on? Oh yeah, no, Jake. Finish with smooth off. Little Jake. The snake. Yeah. D, D, G. Good luck. DDG Yeah man. Thoughts and prayers. Dots and prayers. I don't even know what that stands for. What does DDG stand for? Fuck if I know, I don't know. Okay, I'm sorry I keep looking to you because I'm like he the expert. You're young, You're are young. You young than me. No, you went to the D DG show and they didn't say what it for. I went to the gunning show. No, you went to the D DG show. A StubHub too paid on top of the and bought a Gizzy.


Oh, merch. Barlay, G Mer, some merch, Oh Shit. Wow. I ain't Don stupid. Wow. Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. I don't know what that stands for bro. Ah, Darl. Dwayne Granberry. Yeah. Your name is Granberry Junior. That's him. You know what my thing is with these niggas that's on the rise and they want to go get with the chick with some notoriety. That's also on the rise salute by the way. Whenever that relationship fails, I never see them bounce back with something that's going to get shorty upset. I normally never hear from them again in the dating room.


I don't think I'm gonna ever hear about DDG and his next chick. I get, I'm, I'm on. Well his chick, I think that's before her. You, you know who she is. I don't who, Ruby. I'll talk your shit. DDG who, Who, who's the chick before her. I'm afraid that we view that differently. And there was a whole lot going on with there where she was doing clout chay shit to their relationship. Well Ruby is a hustler and, and, and a business owner Who was the young lady before her? I don't know. I'm just saying. I don't know. That's What troubles me. That's What troubles me. Good luck. DDG.


This will be your first and last time being mentioned on this broadcast. The rest of eternity. You gotta weigh the pros and cons of leaving your famous girlfriend to get all press some nigga And doing this corny shit. Like we gotta start calling niggas out for that. Thank you. Yeah. I really appreciate that. That's horny as far. That's insane. That's The, it was horny when he announced the breakup. It was Was just corn. This is nasty corn. This Is top tier corn right here. Let us know now. Let us learn about the breakup. 'cause your bitch is sad. Right. Let us See her out with all her girlfriends we've seen her with in about three years. Let us see her eating all of the calamari.


Let Us let us see her go. Erase the pictures. Really Losing herself. Yeah. Huh? Let let us see her go erase them pictures. She did. That's when we found out about the breakups. She definitely did now. Yeah. No, they, yeah, they'd both Gone and she ain't archive 'em nigga. No, no, no. They're gone. They're gone. Deleted your whole life. DDG. I don't know the mans so I ain't gonna kill him. Yeah. I hope that his stomach is not turning in knots, man. He's sick. But that usher move, usher undid it to better couples than y'all. And that cherry in your mouth if I see you trying to put a cherry in your mouth, I'm leaving you as soon as we get in this car. Damn. That's a homewrecker. Damn. Yes, y'all buggy.


Tyler did the right thing. I just didn't like how she did it. Tyler. You must have heard. Yeah. Yeah. Them little Germany publicists or whoever you got acting like they're from Africa. They not African. Hey, the German African publicist you got. Hey British. Yeah, the British Africans. It's the new African. Hey they did You right Girl. You wasn't supposed to shake that thing on Ushers, but still, you know what I mean? Nigga Dangled a cherry in front of you joint and you said boy DDT. So y'all think that that was it. Anybody here think that girl would've took the cherry? Fuck no. That was it. You better not. That was the straw that broke the camel's back with him. It's a conversation.


A very intentional a How do you start it? The fuck. I'm sorry man. It depends. I ain't going, Oh, I don't do nothing. I just started driving fast. I just started driving faster than I was Oh Shit. Who knew we could hit a buck 50 in the rain? In the rain? Fuck Is you talking about Nigga? Shit. Alright, shout to DDG, yada yada y Shout to Holly Bailey. Barry. Barry Bailey. Bailey. I don't know. Yeah. I'm too old for This shit. All of these people are too young for me to know anything about their business. That's how I feel. Same Once I start to see on, okay, this is young people shit.


Yeah, y'all Got it. Tell me when you get the Nia Long t that's, that's when I'm there. Anyway, speaking of fucking older lady t Mel's been on a fucking tiring Oh Shit. That was a hell. Second The entire, the entire news cycle Air. Yeah. You were has been about Melyssa Ford and her podcast. I Saw some white people get Spicy. Oh my lord. Yo, this is the greatest podcast rollout I've ever seen. And It is a mistake. Oops. I've never seen anything greater than this. And It is by accident. You gotta love when that happens. Freestyle content creation.


No, not for you. You ain't Love it. No, I mean, anyways, we, we've had, we've had some call, some talks. Oh, she called you called Big bro. The fuck I Yes, yes. I did Hate When, so he can talk me off the fucking ledge. Oh, I Hate when anything Well, you, you called him to talk you off the Ledge. Just Amazing that he was amazing. That he was the voice of reason. But y'all don't really know what I'm, what I'm really like what I've been suppressing for In real life. I'm the vo, I'm a voice of reason. I don't An agent of chaos. Don't Tell people to jump off the shit. It just depends on which day It is. I'll just tell people to jump off the ledge. Okay. Yes. I hate when anything happens in the news cycle that has Melyssa Ford calling me.


But this was fun. I was entertained At home. This was fun. Them, them white people tore into Mel's ass. They Did. Allegedly. Well, they sent their minions and shit. Oh They did? Oh. Goon squad, If that's what you wanna call it. Have You felt through all of the hoot and nanny and the beef or the fake beef or the name change just throughout this rollout? I know you're doing the spaces in your hot and Bothered community, like no, I'm not addressing it there. I have other things I wanna talk about that I was Just promoting that you were doing Oh, Thank you spaces in your hot and Bothered community. But how, how, how have you just felt as, you know, as somebody getting back into the thick of things.


You know, you started the podcast, had a podcast, had many podcasts for the food, not the food Jason Lee, not Jason Lee. And now you sat here for a little while. Now you back in the thick of things dealing with Fuck shit Podcast shit on your own. Like how, how do you feel? I can appreciate it for the simple, for the fact that I'm getting all this fucking press without, without having to pay a fucking dime. That shit is priceless. Your Little braless strategy worked last month. It work every time. That shit she did. Yeah. Yeah, it worked. Is it a nipple or It is a shadow of a nipple. But anyways, no, I like the free press. It's, it's, it's fucking awesome. But it's, it does, there's a little bit of a hindrance when I'm trying to get some work done, some actual work done and my phone is blowing up and people are making fucking accusations.


I'm like, Jesus Christ. You know That episode one better be a doozy boy? I Gotta come out the gate with No pressure. I mean that's also luck. No pressure. But I mean, yeah, pressure. Yeah, it's a lot of pressure. So, you know, but I mean I have sticktoitiveness, I have stamina, I have endurance and I have fucking MA reputation moxie of Yeah, I Got it all. So I'm not really concerned. My last podcast was successful so I'm not really concerned like they Name ain't changed. Well it was a call. I'm here for the food. Oh no, I'm talking about this new one. Oh. yeah. you haven't backed down off Hot and Bothered The fuck I will. The It is called Hot and Bothered with Melyssa Ford That. is it?


I cannot understand why these people are coming from my throat. I'm like, so if I'm, if I stole the name, then who did you guys steal it from? Because you guys just started and there was podcast called Hot and Bothered as far back as 2019. So you can't steal a fucking commonly used phrase. You can't hot and Bothered the fucking phrase was coined in 19 fucking 20. So it's a commonly used phrase. Did you trademark it? No, you fucking didn't. She done bought Encyclopedia Now Y 19, you guys 20. You guys know that I'm like a wealth of like, you know, information and sometimes some very useless fucking facts. Well guess what? That fact came in fucking handy right now, didn't it? Yeah.


You got a checkbook. Oh Shit. No, she about to pull a checkbook out. Now what I've learned from all of Mel's fucking extravagant rollout is that you niggas just be wanting to put my name and attach it to any bomb that's about to go off. That is true. Y'all are looking for any slither in which Joe button or the Joe button, anything is affiliated with Mel and all of the shit she's starting in the world. 'cause y'all want to kick my back in? Y'all want to say that Joe button blundered this name blunder the rollout, the handling Joe button.


Don't know what to do with women podcast. You have nothing, Nothing to do with this. Joe button is failing again. Why does he keep trying to do things with yada, yada, yada. But guess what buddy? It's not me. Where did you see that? I didn't see that all Over the internet for the last 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 minutes. I didn't see that part. Shit. I didn't see that part. Well That's why on the spaces I was like, Mel, tell everyone that this is your independent endeavor and that Ian and I have nothing to do with this. You said, other Than being my consigliere. Well You guys are my consigliere. And I'm like, How do you spell that? Did this nigga hear what I said or no? Yo, not sure Cons.


Don't try and distance yourself from my, I Was trying to distance myself. Oh, Shit. No, no, no. Because I think, I think you writing in a lot of shit. But I also think that you crazy This shit. So when you act crazy. Yeah, I'll, I'll, I wanna be able to say, Hey, that's her. Don't put it on me. I'll take it. The on my only takeaway from this, well the one I wanted to highlight was just podcast and podcaster expectation. Especially when you start a new podcast, especially when that's with someone that you had some form of relationship with. It is tough out there attempting to manage the, the expectations of podcasters, especially new ones.


And a lot of times I was saying this to you is people, people will look at you and think you are like a baseline, which is fucking wild. Me. That is a mistake to Me. That's wild to me. There is no fucking guarantees when you start some shit that it's gonna be successful and it's gonna equal money. What it's going to equal is it's going to equal time, sweat, equity and fucking debt. That's just what It is in the beginning. And everybody should know this and Enjoyment. If you actually love the craft and enjoyment. If you do, if you do love this. But here's a no, There's a wave of people that don't Know the craft Are not here 'cause they enjoy it. It's a lick. Not here. 'cause they Love it, right? They just trying to hit a lick.


Right? If you're doing something you enjoy out there, this conversation is not for you. Now they minimalize it, Huh? They think that, they say somebody looks at Nori, right? They'd be like, yo, I could do that. If he could do that. Somebody looks at us, gi, the stake, whoever. And they'd be like, yo, if they could do it, I know I could do it 'cause I'm smart or 'cause I'm funny or 'cause I'm whatever the case may be. And It has nothing to do with any of that. All of those things are components, but it's more than that. You know what I'm saying? It's way, way more than that. And so I think that people think that, oh, if he could do it, oh I know I could do it. You know what I'm saying? And I think that's insane. And that's why I went outta my way to give you your flowers and talk about, you know, I've been podcasting by the time I got here.


I'd been podcasting for eight years. So I, I was, I was, I felt like I was very good. But there's certain things that I have learned in this room sitting next to you that were just not, not a part of my professional acumen. It, it was, it's, it's a developed muscle that I have that I have now because I've sat next to you and I've watched how you do things. Like this is a fucking craft to study. Your voice is an instrument and there's so much work that goes into being a storyteller on order, understanding syntax, diction, you know, tone, register, undulation, performance theatrics, you know, and not just reading off a fucking board.


It's not just about that. It's all these things combined. So you can be the smartest motherfucker in the room. You can have a fucking master's or a degree in what the fuck ever. And it don't amount to fucking shit. And That's just one of the jobs. Yeah. What is happening over here, sir? I'm, I was just tied Up from my headphones Just praising you and shit and now you go look, listen to that. I'm sorry. Okay. But. yeah. So it's just like in terms of like the expectations, like oh yeah, me and my bestie we're so funny and yeah let's start a podcast. It's just like, yeah, well you funny together just over brunch, but that doesn't translate into the world wanting to hear what the fuck you have to say. You know what I mean And you being able to succinctly run, you know, like understand what run of show means, you know, producing a Mike b mic, all that shit.


Like there's so much that goes into it and people don't consider it at all. And that's just to get an episode done. Now you Got it all the time market and all that other, I'm just saying you want to actually get to the point where you're making money off this so you wanna sell it. So now there's the whole business side of that. Oh yeah, that's just the recording episode. The things you're mentioning. It's a lot. Trust me. To anyone out there that needs to hear this, I'll just give my takeaways from this Mel rollout debacle. Yeah man. I Don't have an acquaintance or friend or whatever went on. If I'm bringing most of the audience, this will never be equal. I'm telling you, for me, I'm telling you. 'cause I had these talks with people.


I'm telling you because I've had these talks with companies where that's they shit. That's they tech that they trying to work out and get it together. And I wasn't there for none of it. But if I'm bringing the audience to this motherfucker, then we have to have different conversations. There is no equal. I feel like a lot of new podcasters fight over the splits and what we're bringing in, who we are and yada, yada, yada, yada, yada. What I learned from my whole last shit that I went through also is if you're paying for everything, then you don't need to fight about this. It ain't equal either. So now if you're doing both, Then It is really not equal.


And that's gonna take tough conversations between people to have relationships with each other. True. You ain't gotta be a friend. I mean shit, we could be real good acquaintances, but when I have to start having the conversation of my worth and what I bring and what I deliver and what I'm gonna do outside of this infrastructure, then no, you gotta get with people that's a little like-minded or at least aligned in that, that understand what you're doing and where you're trying to go. I work 25 hours a day, eight hours a week, Eight Days. I mean eight days, eight hours a week. That's a nice job, right? Look, It is like, look this thing I'm stupid 25 hours a day, eight days a week, 40 days in a month, 55 weeks in a year.


Like I get to it. Whether this mic is on, whether it's off when I'm home in bed, when I'm out with my family, when I'm out to eat, when I'm anywhere. My 24 7 job is how I present and deliver and execute here. I'd be damned if I'm gonna start having negotiating leverage conversations with somebody that's just coming in and giving they thoughts and opinions on the Eric Adams shit that's going on. And some more, his top advisors have stepped down while I'm on his topic. He's a mess. Yeah, He's outta here. Yeah. Yes, they got him right here. I'll tell you, at the next season of America, 2025, I am glued I. hope it's Vice I.


hope I. hope Vice is shooting this one. But. yeah, it just gets, it just gets wicked. It just gets wicked. And for you podcasters out there that just chase a check and feel like, you know, I deliver and deliver and deliver and I need to be paid like I deliver. A hundred percent of zero is zero. I repeat, 100% of zero is zero, 5%, 10%, 12%, 15%, 20% of something. That is generating income annually.


Monthly. Niggas laughed at Hove when he had that, when it was announced, he had that little 0.1% of the net. Yeah. Of the nets. Everybody clowned them. Nobody knew what the fuck was going on. That 1% proves to be pretty beneficial after a while. 5% changes in these splits in these contracts prove to be monumental. So yeah, it's better to have 5, 10, 15, 20, 20 5% of something That is winning versus 100% of absolutely nothing. And then, you know what's funny about that too? And I'll end this rant 'cause I don't wanna be off in a rant, but I said this when I was working in Complex and I was trying to get my raise, I was trying to get a bump from 20 KA month to 40 KA month to maybe, no, maybe I was looking for 50 KA month, let not line myself.


And it was people in the buildings that were higher up and you gonna go through this professionally that was like, do we want Joe button making more money than us? Yeah, it happens. Do we want Joe Button making as much money as us? Can we trust him to make the money that he's asking for? Is he gonna get that and just pussy foot round not deliver and not do the work? So It is just all types of steps that you kind of have to step over at some point you gotta get over yourself. But once you do that, you gotta get over the people that are trying to keep you at the level that you at this podcast and shit is tricky.


I don't have time to fight with my friends about it. Yeah. But at The same, I don't have time to argue with the people that are supposed to be helping us and me to get to where It is trying to go. If we arguing about the, the, the, the bare bones of it at day one. If we arguing about who's on the billboard or how to grow this thing or who did the interview or nigga, why you getting all the attention? Yeah. Placement in, in photographs, all that stuff. That's an indication of a lot of problems in the future. The nah, if you can sidestep that shit, sidestep it, pivot, figure it the fuck out.


And what I learned and whatnot, I learned 'cause I knew this already, but what I'll say in terms of Mel's whole shit is fucking don't be mad at the blessing. Right? Like if you go into an endeavor with your friends, associates or acquaintances and you start seeing things to where it's not gonna work out, then you wanna be grateful that you see that as early as possible. The same thing in romantic relationships. True. If you're dating somebody and they got a whole bunch of your red flags, better to know it in month one and two. That's a fact than month 11 and 12. True story, right? That's a fact. Yeah. I just see so many people that fucking get mad. And then it'd be these, these long fights about all of the, I won't start telling people's business, but all of the great podcasters had to go through this except for Nory Nory and fucking Eef n Evan, these motherfuckers.


But everybody else, Smart little two Has had to, has had to kind of, you know, go through that. So I want to give my wish, wish all the best to every podcaster and aspiring podcaster out there. If you enjoy this and Love it and Respect the craft, Really, really, really want to do this, then there's a life to be had here. If you coming in just to try to hit the quick lick. None of my words are for you. Like, 'cause that's not a part of my story. The the quick lick s right. That's what I got for looking Forward to episode one. Thank, you? Yeah, same Thank. you got A date?


No pressure. Better be fired. Have a date November 1st for sure. Okay. Yeah, that was better Be fired. Yeah. Nah joke. Would you, you guys better Be fired at this point? All of them. Look, look All of the random. It's up to you to deliver. Now this, this you, you brought a checkbook to work. It better be fired. What does not You fuck. You pulled out a Chase checkbook? I did. But you saw why I did that. Yes. Okay. You gotta be, he Okay. I Got it. All right. I am going to stay true to the content that I said to my audience that I'm going to produce That is what I'm doing. If you want to be there because you like me as a podcaster and you like my storytelling ability and you wanna hear from, you know, if you want that kind of content, then you will be there and you're gonna Love it. You're gonna knock it out the park. Yeah, I am going to knock it out of the park. Yeah.


I am confident in all in my abilities. I think so Too. Let Thank you let Me hit that round of applause. Thank you big nail knocking it out the park. That round of applause man. Go ahead. I love when It is mess happening related to this podcast. That's not me. That's really just my favorite part of thing. Sorry. He was slightly tickled This weekend. Sorry. Sorry. Did I get amusement outta that stuff? I was laughing my ass over. Mel called me. He was, he was. Every single time. Yo I, yo It is fucked up. It's fucked up. I'm sorry. You know, let me acknowledge myself. It is fucked up if your friend, your own girl, your homeboy, anybody call you like in a time of need when they going through shit stressing about shit, feel like the world is against them and the nigga on the other end of the phone Laughing fucking as off.


Oh My God. Make you mad as hell. You fuck off me. He's like, Mel, Mel. And then here comes the advice. I'm just like, Mel, My God. But his advice comes from his crazy brain and his lens and his perspective. I'm like, you are a rapper. You are combative by fucking nature and you're an agent of chaos. Can you think like me for a second? No. Can you be a girl for a second? Never. Shit. With great power comes great responsibility. All right, Spiderman. So if you are pod zilla, you can't just get out there huffing and puffing when people make you mad. You gotta pick and choose your spots on the floor that you wanna score from.


You've never huffed and puffed in response to shit that's happened to you in this, in the entire, in the 10 years you've been doing this. Of Course I have and I've paid the consequences. Okay. There are consequences for every action. There's a reaction for every action I've got on air or on a camera. Listen, I'm the nigga to come here and say anything said on Insta Live is a mistake. That's my line. Many people get on that Insta Live to respond to something in the moment. And you look stupid And doofy and ashy in the face. Then you got eczema nigga. Oh my get on there looking mad dumb diabetes though. You got, you get on there with mad shit trying to explain something.


Yeah, no Insta Alive is a mistake. Yeah. All that instant reaction response shit. Emotional responses, emotional response. All of That is a mistake man. This shit is a blessing and should be viewed as nothing other than that. Well for me, for me anyway, I mean I speak for other people. For some people they just holding on like motherfuckers simply red for me. This shit is a blessing. I thank God for it. It is nothing that I take for granted. It's nothing that I play with like that. It's like my first time getting show money. My very first time getting show money. I couldn't believe that people was giving me me money to go do a show like rap. I would rap for free. You about to gimme $5,000 to get up there and do that.


And I could do that 3, 4, 5 times a week. Are. you shitting me. I feel like that I I agree with that. I feel exactly. I feel like that. I would talk to you now. I've talked to you nigga. Three years. Exactly. I ain't get a dime putting my foot in y'all ass on for a Monopoly game. Oh, slow Down there. He don't even play no more. What? I'm free tonight. Say something stupid. Me too. Say something stupid. I'm not doing nothing tonight. Quick. One quicker, 90 minutes And I got some money. 90 minutes. Oh Shit. Somebody get the, somebody get the board And I got money for you. You owe me money. I owe you money. Five out. Alright. I ain't forget you can Put it up. No, be Moore. Oh no We can't put it up.


Oh look baby need diapers. No you and Corey. Y'all all the babies Baby need diapers. Award. Look, you and Corey, you get The sch me? Yeah Nigga. Wait you, I don't scheme with Corey against you. I do that by myself. I know. He just falls into the trap. Corey don't be part of my traps. No that nigga. No, you just put a little bit of hay on the ground. That nigga it falling up. Alright, there we go. Game over Him or Ice. Somebody did some bullshit that last game Corey play. I don't, I ain't, It was Corey. Y'all told me it was Corey. It was Corey. Look. Look. He like Yeah nigga, what you doing? You got your, you got your daughter? Yeah. How you gonna blame me for your Fuck up? You better have your daughter, nigga. Your heart I. gotta, I got multiple so I ain't, I ain't free. Oh. Alright. Maybe Friday though.


Maybe Friday. We'll get that game. You won't even answer. Look anyway. Oh, today's Friday. Oh, Tuesday. Tuesday. Maybe Tuesday. Now He talking every Tuesday. What else? What else? What else is important? Unimportant? What's going on out there? There's no rest in pieces, right? Nobody died. No, I think week, Week, well kind of. It's Friday. We were here Tuesday. We Tuesday we had like four. We had like four. Four days or That's good. Yeah, we had five on Tuesday. So that's good. Yeah, it's been Like we made a P without a rest in peace. So we can clap that up. That up. Chad Johnson is supposed to be fighting an MMMA match with James Harrison. Excuse me. You heard I wanted, I wanna shout those.


James. What's James Harrison From the Steelers de Deebo? That one. Not just like some dude named James. No, some nigga named James from talking the James Harrison. They already, they already shit talking I gotta tip my hat to Ochocinco. That's brave because I'm down to fight niggas too. He's scary though. Just not him. Yo, if I had to pick somebody that I was gonna square up with, he's long The list. It wouldn't Be him. If I picked a million people, it would not be James Harrison Uhuh. You know, as men, it's difficult to follow men on Instagram. So men have to have a thing that they're doing that you want to champion. Stick a lift the gym. James Harrison was on there one day lifting boulders, lifting 7,000 pounds, lifting the gym while he was eating a bagel.


I said, you know what, I'm gonna follow you. I'm, I think That is extraordinary. If I follow you as a nigga on Instagram, I believe you're in the league of extraordinary. Gentlemen. You did some shit one day that I tried to do and failed Yo. And now you Amaze me. 'cause you could do that shit like, oh you really a superhero. Yo motherfucker It is one nigga I don't follow. He just one of them workout niggas. But I liked one so it keep popping up. Every time I see him, he doing some amazing shit. But I won't follow him 'cause I look at my dick got a dick. Nigga can't follow this fool, but every time he pop up I'd double tap him shirtless too. Hey, get that shit nigga. If I was extraordinary, I would do that. Yo him with Aaron. Donald neither.


I feel about Aaron, Donald neither Him. You know how I feel. Go Home. Just gonna go Home. You know how I feel about Aaron Donald. You like golf or somebody, you know how I know I'm getting old. Gimme A punter. That Is how I know I'm getting old during the football games. I watch the offensive line. Yeah, Yeah. Same. That's, that's where the action is. The trenches. That's where the game is won. Yeah. Shout out to the re that the game the other night, I was like, oh my god. Vita v Vi. Oh my lord. Vita V is a man. Yo, Wait no way. The game now night and shout out to be John Robinson. My heart goes out to you.


If you drafted him as the second and third pick in fantasy, he's not performing to that caliber. But the other night, 'cause he is a good blocker, they had him try to block me to be him. Now they gonna go too Out here. They could pick him up by the neck, tossed him to the side. There's not too many centers that can block him. So yeah, No, I like the action now as an old nigga watching the game, I do. I know that didn't have nothing to do with nothing. I'm just off the tangent. Well, So who do we have in the fight? Come on. I just wanted to say I want it on the record. Stop. Put it on. So look, when it was announced, O Joe Cinco drives a smart car. He does Ojo Cinco said, yo, I'm letting y'all know I'm fighting James Harrison. Right before the Super Bowl three rounds, James Harrison respondent said it's actually five rounds And it won't go.


Three or five. Ojo Cinco says, well it don't matter 'cause I'm knocking you out in the first round anyway. Well, I didn't count the rounds. See Time. But Chad didn't he fight in? He did do a fight. You Fuck fought and It is some charity shit before. I don't care who he wasn't Give, I wouldn't give a fuck who. But that one wasn't the best showing of your skills. Maybe he'd been working since. Oh, that's possible. You not James Harrison. But Not James Harrison though. Nobody's picking James Harrison to To Not voluntarily. Not forcefully. You'll run. You'll kill yourself. Yeah, Don't worry about it actually. Yeah, start hitting yourself. You'll flee. You'll go to Mexico. Why would you do that? Flee. You have to shoot James Harrison.


Yo and yo with quite a few. You fucking around that shit like a dog. Yeah. You get mad. Hell no. Hell no. No. Good luck though. Yeah, good luck Ocho my man. Good Luck Ice. Look like James Harrison. If muscles were never a thing, like if you could be just outta shape truck driver James Harrison. That's what Ice give a little bit. Niggas asleep. That James Harrison. But the real James shit. Nigga. Nigga, I'll cut my hands off. I Aint this nigga. Yo. I don't even need hands no more. Yo, come on, you do it.


You can have get a knife, get a little machete. Cut It off. Fighting no fucking James ass. No, I'm gonna have to go to the side and make a call and wait 55 minutes for somebody I know. Come bring. Bring him a little weapon on. No, no, no. They gonna cut. I'm gonna have to crack the bottle of the Corona. The Corona. That's gonna piss him off. You crazy. He gonna drink it from the floor. Try to crack that bottle. He will bend down. Drink This shit. Movie shit nigga. Some movie shit. Glass start biting the glass and some dumb shit. Nah, that's a different type Of man. I ain't gonna hold you. That nigga. Apollo looked proud going to the ring. Rocky two, like I thought he was about to really handle his big one.


I thought Apollo was about to stand on business when he saw DOL London for the first time and he got in the ring. I'm watch I I was Rocky four Monday camera. That was not Rocky four It. is you wrong? That's Bet me money. How Much? I Bet. Whatever you wanna bet. Five. 500. Yeah. Bet me. I want it Cash app today. Whatever you want. Okay. Whatever you want. It's, It's not Rocky four. I know I got them. No, and look it up. I'm gonna talk dude. Do That's what I'm Talking. That's Puerto Rocky four Oh Shit.


Yo. Could you, I need my stat. Okay. Rocky 2 19 85. Rocky. Rocky de Rocky. The is MRT was Apollo versus Rocky? Yes. Do do You Tricked me. No I didn't. You said do lunging. He fuck it. You said, you said you said dol lunging. You tricked me. I didn't trick. I Got it stack for you. You tricked me, bitch. You said DOL lung knew What I was thinking though. No, you was Talking about do lung and when he walked in There, you knew what I was thinking. All right. You Got it. You got and Joe's wrong. I know the audience hates when they have it. Joe button is wrong right now. Painful. I gotta stack for this nigga. He ain't gonna throw it at the bitch. You. right.


You should be ashamed of you. Yo. You Look At your dick. Look down at your dick. Look down at your dick right now. You won't get a free stack. One stack. No a stack that you didn't even plan on coming and throwing One stack. I'm gonna crack. Ooh you wait. No, why To answer. Why are you saying you gonna crack me? Because you sitting here trying to push me to spend my stack. You won't spend a stack neither. That's 'cause them bum librarian bitches keep wanting to give them pussy. Them little bitches he meet in the library. No, that's not true. It is some skinny motherfuckers. That's fire. That ice has liked over our tenure in the strip clubs. Yo, I've spent the stack of the Strip and I knew that was Rocky four. I'm stupid. You have the last time I was in the strip club even.


No, your girl spent the stack. No, I spent it. Trust me girl. Trust me. I spent it. You gave the money to your girl to spend. Of course It is different. I'm talking about you going in there with the homies, spending a stack. Oh, I don't go to strip club with the homies no more. Kendall. I would if I went, Hey yo dog, if you alright. You Got it. I I ain't listening to her. Listen, what you want me to do? Go to the strip club with your homies and Spin stack. I don't go to strip club without my girl no more. And we are moving on Thank you And we are moving right along. We gonna get used to Spin that stack though. Yeah, no. Who we gonna take? come on. You know why he don't go to the bars? Not to get nobody in trouble here. He don't go to the bars where the bartender can come around and give him something. He could feel like, and yes I Do.


That little shit that you sent me where they gotta stand there and act like fucking warehouse workers. They gotta act like the motherfuckers at Costco selling liquor versus when they can come around the bar and put their hand, lay your head on my pin. I you, I I don't know Joe. I don't care how soft they are. Candace, you not getting a thousand dollars from Antoine. Hey. All Right. Janae got 300. I know some bitches are gonna get a thousand outta you anyway. Moving on. Moving on. You still speaking them And they didn't get $300 from me. Moving On. I on 800 from My man moving on.


This is a respectable broadcast. Yo. This is a respectable broadcast. Fuck You talking about. We don't pay for $300 escorts anymore. He ain't paid for zero escorts. I paid for escorts back then. Neither nigga. I think. Yeah, but I think you should view yourself away for trying to fuck the escort for free. I did fuck her for free. I know It worked. And you proud of yourself. Very nice. You would be. We different. We different. We different. We looking at different look different. Look, fuck is You talk about We make a difference. We do look at it different. We do. That's all. It's Cool. Oh, Shit. Nah. Let's see, let's see, let's see. Do y'all care about all this alleged future dish to gunna in a new song?


don, you read it on you read it on slime I hope you die. No, I don't care personally. I don't. Again, like I've said quite a million times. If if any, if anybody I wanna hear from It is thug. That's true. I don't care what everybody else got to say. I want to hear from Thug. That's the only person at this point. You don't think they should put Jimmy Carter like Out the, nevermind Like somewhere, somewhere where there isn't cameras. That's completely off topic. I just, I saw it too. I just saw it. I saw it. What Jimmy Carter did? Nothing. Nothing. They asked him something. No. No. It's like a weekend.


They wheeled them out there. It's like a weekend to Bernie situation. It's a No no. It's like none of the living dead. They had him in the chair like this. You Lying son. And they just rolled them. When I'm that old. That's not quality life. Like put in the backyard and you rich. Yeah. Don't take me to like events. Yeah. It is in the backyard or Something like that. It was His hundredth birthday. I mean Saan. But I don't think they should do that. Take me out back. Do you guys care that Drake has unfollowed people Like you? Do you care? Do you, you're the one that was impacted. Did, how did you Feel? Yeah. How did that resonate?


You okay? Yes. Little dog tea or nothing. You can't Do still to take care. That's crazy. I, I thought he did that years ago. I thought he did that man long ago. Nigga, you've been listening to me while I'm in kicking you back In. You crazy as Hell nigga. Yeah. No, it didn't make me one way. One way or the other. Happy that people are doing what they need to do to keep their happiness on social media. So That's true. Kudos them. I'm not mad at that. We should. We should enforce that more unfollowing. The people that don't fuck with you in the first place. Welcome 'em too. Go all. Go all out. You control your social media. Whatever you don't wanna see, don't look at it. That's my mantra. Yeah. I'm not mad at that. I don't think anybody, I love that shit. Even though now with Twitter, they're gonna start showing motherfuckers you blocked.


They'll be able to see your tweets anyway. Oh good. I Love it. But you won't see their tweets. Exactly. I'm only blocking you because look at, I don't want see you. You could look at what you've always, I saw people getting like upset over this. But dog, all I gotta do is lock out. You can always see somebody's tweets. Oh right, right, right. So it's not like they could never see your tweets anyway. Right. I just don't wanna see you. That's it. True. What else? What else? What else does anybody wanna report on the John Amos death debacle? Oof. It looks messy. I don't remember Where the daughter came out to say, Hey, I learned about my dad's passing along with the rest of the internet. Even though he died a month and a half ago or August 21st.


Somewhere around there. That was Crazy off Rick When I saw that. Just that part. Yeah. But then she said that there was someone impersonating her at the hospital or something like that shit is weird. I Know what fuck doing. She saying it's the same person that's been parading around as her dad's publicist. She, she named the person but it was like, it's, it's, it's none of us. Well The other flip side of the story is that John Amos, according to publicist, wanted his daughter Shannon to find out about his death with the rest of the world. 'cause he was concerned she'd turned it into a circus. They've been having some family problems for a long time. They have. Because I remember some reports had came out and he had to publicly say, nah, that's not true. I'm cool.


And There was something with like his son. Yeah. Control His some Shit or something. Yeah. I don't know. I Don't know. He had to publicly come out and be like, nah, that's a lime good. It's all really, really weird. Yep. Thoughts and prayers. All thoughts and prayers. Soul, rest in peace, John, rest, peace. No matter what the rest of the, that stuff is not really my business. Get will. Right. Get that trust. Right. Yeah. But in the end, that's rough. That's rough. Yeah. That's spooky. What do y'all think about the, just the notion of him saying, Hey, I want my daughter to learn with the rest of the world. I wanna delay the report of my death for a month. Because she might mucky a situation. If you know, I mean if you know that your family member, whether it be your kid, whether it be your wife, whether it, you know what I'm saying?


Like people know their family members. Everybody, family members ain't necessarily on the up and up. you know what I mean And so to to to get away from the drama. Get away from the theatrics. I don't feel like going through This shit. Right. You know what I mean. So yo let her find out whenever she finds out. If that's his wish, that's his wish. You get what I'm saying? Like I don't think nothing's wrong with that. If that was indeed his wish, now that was somebody else saying, yo, that was his wish. Then that's some bullshit. That's where it gets tricky for me. Yes. Because in this instance the daughter says the person that impersonated her at the hospital is the same person that's making this claim. Running around saying that they're the publicist and then we get this statement from the publicist. But so now it's like, I don't know what to believe here.


He could have been like, yo, I don't want her here. True. You know what I'm saying? All of those things I think. Or he could have been being controlled by some nefarious. There you go. Third party. There you go. We don't really know. We don't know. Need a Little more information I guess. Right. But all we know rest in peace. Facts. Yeah, I do have a Part of the Show here. All right for you gentlemen and lady, where is it? It wasn't you nigga, but I'll read your shit anyway. Whoever this pizza and donuts guy is question for the game. I'm 35 single, no kids crib car and I'm out in Vegas.


Oh, he's saying no kids crib and a car He has and I'm out in Vegas. Yes. Okay. Having my way with no complaints. But this new shorty wants me to settle down. The pros are she's fire, she's into health and fitness. She's clean, she's organized, nurturing, willing to learn. Cute. And she is good in bed. Hey, the cons are she's a mom of three needs to be right. Likes to argue and debate. Still working on the body. Question is, should I forego my prime years of being single and knocking down chicks or should I cut off all my ya means and settle down with this one woman? Also, we're not on the same page yet when it comes to church and the Bible.


This seems, seems like there's a lot of Yeah. Sounds like he already know the Answer. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He just want us to think, you know what, look what she got that Fuck that. Yeah. It must, it must be because he said she was into fitness and health, all that shit. He said she wasn't in shape. She's working On the body. She nurturing. But she wanna argue and be right. No, no, no, no. He means she's still working on the her body. Meaning she getting shit done. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. Okay. That's All I want to keep her and just cheat. I just want to keep her, I want Keep her. I wanna put her in the Roster. I wouldn't, yeah. I wouldn't be serious with her. I don't wanna stay There. Favor. Yeah. I wouldn't be serious. I don't be serious with this Girl. No, sorry. Not if you argue all the time. That's Yeah. Y don't get along. You just naming all physical shit. Yeah. Yeah.


Three kids, which means she busting his As and Things that she does for Him. That's how she got three kids. She's busting his yo. But this kid season it, Anybody with three kids is Five. That's, that's that. Dobo. Hey, that's that. That mean she good at It Is why That's song. That's that song. What I was just sitting around shellshocked the other day. One of the motherfucking kids was about 10 when I came around. You think it was about to be 18 soon. Timea. Anyway, I'm gonna read the guy that I met, guy that I meant to read. And this is from whatever his name is. Mama Fly, mama McFly, whatever his name is.


What's up? JBP. You're okay. I am the youngest of three brothers. For the purpose of my question, let's call my brothers Harold and Kumar. Harold, my oldest brother just told me that he thinks Kumar would be a better fit as a partner for his baby mother. Huh? What? What? I'll read it again for you. What The incest Harold, my oldest brother just told me that he thinks Kumar would be a better fit as a partner for his Harold's baby mother. I told him that That is not normal, but with all facts on the table, I think he's right. If you were Harold, would you approach, who would you approach about potentially getting together first?


Your brother Kumar or your baby mother? Neither. All answers from everyone's imaginations are appreciated. Salute. None. You and your family are sicko, sicko Sick And I can't wait to see the doc. And then he says with all facts on the table, what fucking Facts. Like their personality traits, their whatever. Yeah. Facts. But we don't know facts. How can we That's subjective and dependent on situations. No, listen. He's saying he knows. Knows both of them. I didn understand that he saying and based on what he knows about both of them, they may be a better fit than he is with the chick. Man. That nigga's saying that this chick is annoying the fuck out of me. Please take her off my hands.


Who could I put her on that could deal with This shit? Oh wait, my brother. Oh My brother. Because he probably crazy as fuck too. And y'all could go over there. That's what he's saying. That's Wild. It is weird. To answer his question and incestuous approached the brother first and say, what? Yo, you want bag my baby moms. How you feel? How you feel playing Step daddy to your nephew? Nigga, if I dropped you have I Fucking my kids? Right? Yo, what you think about being their dad? Yo, you And you nicer than me. Love you. And you nicer than me. Both your kids love you. You got Junior with his crossover. So I was thinking that baby, you Just move in. Maybe you be daddy, you'll move in. Fuck outta here. Uncle Daddy is crazy.


That's funny. That's funny. Yo That is hilarious. Uncle Daddy. That's the, what's that nigga name? Harold. Harold and Kumar. That's, that's Tad. That's some white shit. That's some white shit. Tad. Yeah, That's, that's the, You know what I mean? Well hopefully we were able to help you Tad. Yeah, good luck. Good luck on everything you got going on out there. Niggas It is weird but fuck it. Extremely. Let's see, let's see. Do I have a sleeper?


Do I Have a sleeper song that people need to hear something Name been sleeping On. What? What do you know? Don't sleep. Victoria Monet. Hey, featuring Thundercat. This is up to Deluxe. Yes sir. That Victoria Monet Deluxe in your phone right this second. Hey, shut out. Money Loan to friend of the show. This is Jaguar two. Deluxe Victoria. Monet, don't sleep. Feature a thunder Gap. Hey, come On.


No shit like in my Life of Wait a minute.


Wait up, wait up. Wait, wait a minute. Hey, that's brand new music from Victoria Monet featuring Thundercat. I record It is called Don't Sleep Off the Jaguar two Deluxe. Don't Sleep. Hey, Some heat on there too. Shout out to Victoria Monet. Also, before we go any further, I want to congratulate Patrick Ewing. I want to hit the round of applause for Patrick Ewing. I like That. Back to the Knicks. Back to the Knicks after 29 years as a consultant, brand ambassador, something of the sort.


But it matters to none. Whatever It is, It is. Yeah, it don't matter, don't Matter. Matters none. Whatever Pat is doing with the Knicks, I like that. Really happy for him man. Congratulations to Pat Ewing again. Rest in peace to Mutombo and everybody we've lost word. All right, I'm gonna go over to Memphis Big 30. Put out an album. Well it's actually a deluxe version of his still king album. This record is called FACETIME WITH. MY MAMA FACETIME WITH MY MAMA. Why you in the city Still like He ain. Nigga trying to get you killed.


He ain. For real. They want get baby drop. A whole gonna break the, they gonna have to some money like bitch and killed the dumbest. I shit. I stomach went home and I vomit shot that boy so many times in Bright, busted onion and we the dumbest We on his junky. You think they just a con He got switch to then Theyand. He don't go for so can't get off that that. But that don't take the fact that junky no J what? He know I can get a whole family kill for an ounce. That dope. I'm back door knocking pussy come outside the door. My mama. See in the south Glock 29.


My mama had started crying and we would tell her friend how whose son had died. But that wasn't just your friend son. Little Jay. One of mine say how one of a kind he let a nigga play with 30 some D put it on guy seven days a week, two times on Sunday coming got with a blue grip on there. Switch call Sunday if you scared, go to church. They got Bible study every Monday. Really? That shit on Wednesday. I went to before funeral be on Saturday. I got some murder before had to my daughter. She trying to twerk it for she talk fucking no more poison kids as they grow.


I swear these times I had to sneak with MySpace. My mama never went about shit. But grandma play had a, when I was 13, my granny uncle take my daddy and car, give that baby for my son's safety. Like me. You get wasted. I would lift for allegations after I drop that bitch. I need 50 K for a statement. That mean they pay me to speak. Third Ball ain't doing no snitch. I'm throwing ass in SRT, Mr. Dodge Bitches. I'm quick to dodge Bitches the ho can be bad than Beyonce. Won't get a penny. Making easy money Pimping hoes and style on from See me giving hoes some money. It is a waitress that I'm tipping. I ain't doing no more fun. I'm impatient. Pay me insulin.


Excuse me. And that record is, that record is FACETIME WITH MY MAMA Big 30 off of his still king Deluxe album. Tough shout out Memphis. I'm play some RB shit. It is Terrace. Burton and Cautious, Clay, Read The, Room. If I read Lips, I would be to know. I might miss you going Coyote, controlling how you feel when you're in the moment. If co control how I feel moment, let it go.


Change the tune to pass away. I Read. The Room. So if you in later, so if you're speaking on me now, don't change it. You in the ice. You felt that way you that you took them you to play these games on me because I read, I would be remiss to know you might miss going Cote, I feel.


I assume So. If you on me now change the tune As Terrace Martin and Cautious. Clay Read The Room. I love Cautious Clay. He's dope. That's the first time I ever heard him. Really? Yeah. Oh hold. Hold that sleeper. I'm sending you something by Cautious Clay, one of his songs I love. Okay. She doesn't me know yet.


Pardon me. Go ahead. I'm going to Poo Bear name of the song is LAST OF US LAST OF US.


The blessed presence for the Pleasure. Almost didn't, shouldn't be, Shouldn't Be.


Shouldn't Be the Performance for me. So First It is LAST OF US by Poo Bear.


He does not look like he sings like that. That's something Ism. I'm not sure which ism, but it's some sort Ofm. We We will figure that out. We'll figure it out. We'll figure that out. You got mine? Yeah. Okay. I don't know if this has been played before, but I really like this song. And since you've never heard of Cautious Clay before, the track you just played that inspired me to wanna play this song. 'cause I Love it. It's called Shook by Cautious Clay. Yes Sir. Yeah. Not a single fucking day, I'll be honest.


Because Couldn't Even tell you if you had a, if you want stay out, you could only blame me if you want to call it.


That's Cautious Clay Shook. Shout to Cautious Clay Two. Two sleepers in one day. Good for him. What? Cautious Clay? Yeah. Who played other? I played one off. He did on Terrance Martin's album. I like that shit. You played. Shout to Terrace Martin. That was great by the way. Before we go any further, I wanna say rest in peace to damn damn it. Yeah. Sorry. I wanna say rest in peace to Mario Grizz Lopez, the security down at Starlets. I wanna send my thoughts, prayers and condolences to the entire starlets family. Martin, Kev, everybody else, everybody else down there.


Real, real sad. That was my man. Shout to Grizz. Damn. Rest in peace. Grizz gone but not forgotten. Also, now that we at the end of This shit, Ian has been named in the puff shit again. Mm oh really? Yeah, he is powerful. So we'll shove that in hour three. But just telling y'all what's going on, we've heard a lot about Puff, but not enough about the others. We'll talk about in the future also, while We are here, before we end, I wanna say that DDG shit that I read about him saying shorty head was whack. I don't know if he said that. That's just going around the internet.


Oh, okay. As his words. It looks like it was a story that he posted, but in this day, day and age it may AI you can manipulate shit we Not know. All right. I don't want to kick his back in for something that he may not have done. I'm kicking his back in for only hearing about him through this girl Got it. I think if you have a dick, I should know about what's special about you. That's my thinking. Sorry. Okay. I wasn't at the Barclays that day. I didn't see the, the, The white people going crazy for him. Yeah. This Nigga was at the fucking, this nigga. Has anybody here seen Joker two?


From what I'm seen, I Don Dunno if I'm Going And should that stop us from shitting on it? Are they shitting on it already? I say no. No. I say no. I know I Ain't see it, but it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen, Bro. I haven't seen one positive review about this movie. Me either. Not One. Not even just someone like tweeting yo shit a yeah yo. That just not as bad as it made it sound. None of that. I told y'all the second I heard This shit. Shit was a musical. I was like, I'm good. Yeah. And so they're just saying the movie blanket statement is shit. They're not talking about performances. They're not nothing like movie ass. Great performances, movie sucked. Movies ass. All righty That. That's what they say. Yeah. I'm not gonna see that one. I'm not, I think I'm going to, I'll let you guys know if it was asked.


You can go ahead. I would read a fucking dweeb. Sure. I'll be the, I'll be a dweeb. But I love Lady Gaga. I, you know what's funny, I said that outside. Yeah. I love Lady Gaga's acting in things. Yeah. I also want to say Nicole Kidman has another fire mini series coming out where? I'll find it for You. right. Don't matter but we'll find it. Yeah, Let me know that one. You know what you gonna call is coming back out. Fuck with this month. Special ops. Yeah. Ooh. So that might be what you're talking about. Maybe None of y'all watch the final episode of Power right? No, no. All just asking. Asking. I'm going to though. I've been actually catching up on all the shit that I missed. Watch It today. And It is finally over. It's Been the Nicole Kidman baby girl this Christmas.


It's been hard to get through. Say Less Episodes. Five through seven. Yo, I'm letting the audience know this weekend. I will be catching up on, I'm starting the Penguin. I see a lot of y'all saying at the penguin is that fire. I am gonna watch it and give you a review. Same. Same should be said for Fight Night Captain Hart. Fight Night is well I gotta finish That. Well I gotta finish That. I am gonna watch that too. I will be back with my review of these things. There's A reggae, reggae tone doc on Peacock. That's fire if anybody's interested. Okay. I am. Yeah I am.


And I Was gonna say just like a history, you know just quick hit. I started off I was gonna slander it. Well not here but I was just slander it to myself 'cause I didn't think I'd wanna see it. Fat Joe has a, a show on stars. Yeah. Where he's doing one-on-one interviews. Oh I've been killing that shit in my head. Yeah, It's actually pretty good. I watched the one with him in Method Man and then I watched the one with him in ou. Pretty fucking good. Shout out to Fat Joe. Shout Out to Fat Joe. Fat Joe. I I wrong. I will check it out. Joke rated good nowhere. I'm telling bro not one positive Review. Like you know that you got the Rotten Tomatoes has like the critics and the other one other ones. It's like the audience or whatever. Both are thirties. Yeah, I'm not going to see no fucking Joker music.


I'm not gonna see no Joker. I'll wait till it come on the tv. I'm not a musical guy like that. Even though I love music. I Don yo dog. I don't even like to cinema. Cinematography a joker. I love the first one. I don't like that he was some pussy nigga that was getting clowned in school. Yeah. So he got a bunch of other pussy niggas and went to go fight. I like the Joker. That's like a real villain. Not this mental health bullshit that they trying to spring on me. Well That's kind of who the joke always was though. Mental. Yeah but go like the whole city on fire. Nah, show me after Don't go to the bodega. Beat up. Beat up the bully. Show me After. Show me after, after Snapped. Because initially I thought it was going be that like yo, they was gonna show him being Tom into the bully and then they was gonna show him. Turn up they to the turn up yet.


Let's joke four. Nah show me Harley Quinn nigga Freak ass boy. Alright man, listen, hopefully you enjoyed this broadcast as much as we enjoy delivering it to you. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You a do farewell. Hold up. Life is too short to be trying to be hell out there. Let me hell out there. Act like y'all know a little than Mary. Hey goes what else?


Oh that's help me singing. I was riding around a skating ring on one foot. Keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid you a do farewell. Adio Reva dci OTA Avo. So long. Bye. Flip. We love you and miss you. We will see you next week. Remember life is a series of moments and moments pass.


It'll be alright. We may. Yo we ain't respect you if you ain't know the end in the song nigga let sit up be let that belt out. Oh wow. Y'all are down man. Maybe the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel to close minded women want you to teach them things. Grab your talent all you might need it and your baby moms want you to stay with your daughter so you can't go to the strip club and see Holly with your man's. That's some hating shit man Hat Nas niggas man that shit crazy.


Shit Crazy out there. Nah, cock this back a little bit. Talk the back a little bit. What y'all doing tonight? What y'all doing for the weekend? Anything fun? Anything fun? Got some family from out of town so I'm Chilling Boo boring. What else? Ice boo. Boring. All the kids. Alright. Anybody else? All the kids huh? Yes sir. What's up? What's up? What happened Mel, you probably tired. I know you was on a plane. You just got in. I Was but I might be able to catch a second Wind might. You might not be ready for me tonight. I Might be. I might be able to catch a second. A big a nap. You sleep in the car? Let's Sleep in. Okay, let's sleep in The car.


Sleep in the car like I do. You take naps. Well that's true too. You do. You take naps? I hit you around midnight. See how you feel. Okay. Okay, I'll Keep it. Y'all hold it down. Y'all hold it down out there. Hold it down. Peace, love, health, wealth and prosperity. Yeah. Yo, if you ain't know the ad libs man, don't sing along with real Niggas is singing yo. Honestly, that's dead ass. That's on game. That's our neighborhood. Free to wave. Hey, hey wait a minute. Hey, liquid means rewind.


Gunshot. Gunshot means J-P-J-P-J J-B-P-J-B-P-J-J-B-P-J-B-P-J-J-J-B-P JB P. Oh sorry, JB without the jbp. Ta. Bye Bye everyone. Bye. Whatever happens to the opera one.