
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show, Fox. You ready? We we start? I already hit record, but we can go back. Oh, pause. Oh yeah. We wasn't saying nothing memorable. Let's start with something memorable. Hey, Fuck you a sneaky motherfucker.


Boy. Fuck That. I ain't get my levels right. You, you y Yep, yep, yep. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. La la la la. It's called a mic check. Antoine, you should do one so you can stop coming in. Sounding like, Oh, you said that you ain't get your level. I don know you modify your levels. We went to the museum, Huh? No. Well, he's gonna do it and Parks would adjust it over there. No Joe button knows how to Project warm up your vocal and his Voice. That's his voice right here. It is called a mic check. What year y'all in here? I, I don't know nothing about that. I've never even heard of that. It's called Talk into the Mic a little bit and see how you sound and get your shit right.


Me, me, me? No, We Yo, yo. Yeah, we, I heard it On hip hop songs. I never, When you talking about mic Check one, two, one. What do he doing? That's what you talking about. No, he just In general talking into a Mic. That Is what Joe was talking about when they be like, mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2. Holy shit. You checking your level. That's What he's talking about. Check. Yeah, sort. But that fake one, of Course it's fake when they saying it for the song. It is like Jay-Z said, yo, turn me up. Yeah, that's fake. But I'm talking about that's the, that could be real. That's the premise behind it. No, You, a legend is Yes, But you've never done a Mic Shack. No. Hey, yo. No. No. Crazy. In no type of way.


Not to that one, to the audio recording version of what I'm talking to be specifically. That sounds crazy still. No, no, It is. Clean it up. Yeah, he cleaned it. Did a audio mic check. He said not to that mic. He talking about this audio. Why am I like blown away by that? You never like all the pods that you go on, they've never told You. He's just sit down and just talk. Yeah. To say Check the mic. It is a natural. Tell him Yeah. His voice check. His voice is in tune. His voice is in tune with the warm up nigga. Walk on the, my voice, my voice coming more. I see ice On the tupa streak. I see what you Are. Y'all gotta remember like he drinks a lot of fucking tea behind before It is going anywhere. He's talking for an hour on the phone anyway.


That's true. Yo. That's true. Did he? Oh yeah. He talks before he walks in the building. Hold on. I about to sit on this. I'm about to sit right now. Gimme a second. Pull you back. Yo. This nigga voice don't cool off. He do? Yeah. Shit. Hot nigga called. I was on the phone with the nigga. He said, yo, I'm about to go inside the spot. Gimme a second. I'll call You right back. And I hear the music him walking in. Nigga hang up in the car. You talking to a nigga. You want me to hear the people in the background? Yeah, It is Called. Can you Do I called you. Called You. I mean, you know, I'm just, I'm, I'm a callable guy. See, yo, can You do that one day? You ain't calling me. Can you do that one day? Yeah, I know. What, just, just tell us like, we'll say minutes. Use how many minutes you use in one month on, Yeah, because he got the great grandfather playing on.


Of course. It's still a, tell him how many rollover He got the next town. 4 million Rollover Singular. Three Nights and Weekends. Yo, some of them out there wasn't alive for free nights and weekends. No, They Dunno nothing about that. Some people listening right now have no idea what free nights and weekends. Bitches used to really be like, yo, I call you After nine. I'll call you after nine. They don't Remember when you had to pay for text. Remember that? My don't get to pay per text Stack. That shit used to be crazy. No, my phone used to be a, Was a 30, 30 sec, 30 cent per minute or some shit. It Is something stupid. Yeah. Was something. Them text messages used. I got my bill back. It said $400.


I was broke. I was like, I Was shit. Nights and weekends was a real thing. What About when you was young? When I was young, I called the sex lines nigga. I used to be on the phone with that shit. My house phone. I'm being honest. The Nine seven threes? Yeah. Got trouble with my mother. Just a jersey. Got they ass whipped. See they phone Bill was like eight grand fucking with that party line. My cousin party ass whipped Party line Yo. 'cause it used to be 3 99 for the first minute and 99, 99 each additional minute mids go by quick, nigga. So if you was on that shit for an hour, that call was $65. You Better get jerking quick. No, but it wasn't even a sex line. You look like a party line ass Dar trying To get that shit out Three minutes real quick. Got shit on party line.


Niggas met, niggas on party line. Yo. Where you from? Y'all about to block. That was the original. What's that shit? What planet? No fucking what's the shit, yo Clubhouse. That was the original clubhouse? Yeah. Yeah. Fucking party line. My cousin them God, they, my mother never did That Crazy. My mother pulled that shit out the wall. Nigga. See that Shit ripped. Oh. Does Faye whip your ass? Well, yeah, but about what? The party line Which Time? What you talking about? No. Oh really? But she whip my ass a few times over the phone Yet.


Nigga niggas just broke out here. You got a $900 phone bill. What nigga might have made 900 for two weeks at work. You got The Phone. You fucking Up. I used to do all types of shit to my mom's phone. She had this shit with the good answering machine, with the double cassette. Nigga. I used to go in there and rewind. Chin Take, take the, take the Teacher messages Off. Oh yeah. Are you hitting me The double Cass consent answering machine? Let get that. That was fancy. That was fancy shit. That was, that was fancy Cheer Was cooking. That Was fancy Shit. But you, you were an adult by the time the, a teenager, by the time the electronic shit came out.


But you had to just erase it. The digital shit. The digital shit. Sorry. By then we, who was using answering? It was over By then. Niggas was using the answering machine still. I was still using it Machine. The Tapes was, I can see he's a couple years older than me. So Yeah, The electrical, the Electric they were calling nigga. No. Did you do a mic check? I didn Yo, y'all niggas, all you niggas Nobody Do no mic check. But you I nigga, I just, when I go Yep, yep, yep, yep. That's a mic check. Yeah, Exactly. And now niggas is raspy. Right? Like you just want to be funny. Nobody's raspy. Nah, you got the raspy, Y'all. This is the rasps sounding podcast in the world. What you talking about? It is hiphop shit. Yeah. Everybody wanna be a nineties rapper.


Yeah. That's My Rakim shit. You know what I mean? Oh shit. I got a reset. You good? Yeah. Yo, Ike. Yeah. You supposed to come, you know what I mean? Come prepared. Yeah. You talking all that mic shit come prepared. Mic Check, man. And all you getting a cover for your left laptop. That mic check. Shit bother juice. I should have come fly. Nah, that shit Into a broadcasting gig. That shit is fired And has never done a mic check. You don't think he's gonna slam that shit in 2025? Sure, for sure. I'm talking about that. He said he needs a laptop for two reasons. That little Smoke black and cursed me out three years ago about being entry level. He still ain't Done And still ain't done a mic check Jack. But he, he let me have it three years.


What you Gotta do with the price of tea in China? Wait, what? Yo dog. So let, so who, let me ask you this. Don't tap ice before you Talk about I don don't tap. He didn't touch it. Nigga Don't tap don't do the Omar. Tap the pack That nigga is mad for. Don't do shit. Let's just communicate. Cool. So I know you I hate when he do that. Yo, yo, yo yo. Yeah, That's what I do. You do that lot. If, if, if a mic check was something that you supposed to do prior to projecting your voice and I'm coming off the street to talk into a microphone and I don't know any of those things, then is it my fault or is it the guidance and the tutelage that I was supposed to receive, pass that buck saying, is It the Guidance and the tutelage that I was supposed to receive from my, my higher ups?


My question to the room is, is that accountability or self awareness? That's pass the book. That's your answer to that. Yeah. Yeah. Answer Question. No, I'm not answering the question to the question. I'm just asking a question. You think that I've never said do a mic check. You didn't use those words, but you have you told us about our voices, tonality. Have I ever let tonality projection? Yeah. Yeah. Have I ever looked at y'all and said, yo, you sound like complete shit doing something. Yes. Yeah. What the fuck is going on? But That's different. We, that could just come off that you just being insulting. Oh God. Usually what insult niggas doing Or have I not led by example, by sitting here doing a mic check on and off mic. Getting my voice. You have? I don't wanna border order.


Oh yeah, I can. I don't. You heard what I said, right? What? Oh, you, you get your levels. That was educational for me. I didn't know that. Every day's a learning moment. I'm done sing without a mic check for the five and 6:00 AM listeners. My apologies. This is a lot. Wake the fuck up. They up Or wake up Coffee nigga. Or wake up. It is time. Seize the day. Mic Check. One, 2, 1 2. Mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2.


Rest in peace to the guys for show. For show. Shout to wherever you might be listening from all over the world. Shout to the first and last time listeners. The for the talk about Timeless.


Wow. Wow. Mike, Check one, 2, 1, 2 chapter. All the subgroups out there. We praying for everybody. Everybody in LA right now. You played it for the Malibu. No, I'm just saying. I'm praying you played this because of Malibu. No, just making sure. Since you don't try to pay me. Let's go Mel.


Oh, she got a little white girl. Bob going. She got a white girl. Bob going, she can't help. Mike Shack. Mike Shack. Man. Keep the round of applause. Gone for the greatest cast in the universe, you get these drops out the way S happening.


Parks, what's happening? You Look, look, look, look, look, look, look. I got plugin. Small hands of Soft Mac. Okay, I'm Doing Look, look, look, look, look, look. I Got plugin. Small hands of Soft Mac. Okay, I'm doing just Michael phone Check. One, two. What is this? What episode is this? Seven 90. Hey, all right, we getting there. Here we getting there.


Welcome to episode 790 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by Fueled By Powered by PrizePicks. PrizePicks Gang, you.


I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, and really happy to be here. Host Joe Button here with a few amazing people. To my right. The beautiful, the intelligent Look I got the Small hands. Small hands are soft. I'm doing the smallest, the smallest of hands. Look, Look, look. I got Fucking small Hands. Soft. The, I'm doing. That's crazy. The big Melyssa Ford is in the building. Who next to her big queen Queens get the money. Queens Flip is in the building.


King Wawa himself issues here. Caught the sneaks with the hoodie Easter color. He gonna buy the Easter colors every time. Threw the camos on. He tried to match the other. No, he went crazy. He the shit off. You could no last party. He ain't catch it. But today is real motherfucker. Today he caught that motherfucker. That little muted pink is, I think he's old. He can't see. So he takes, he takes a sneaker up close like this and put it to his face to see it match. Like can't see you dressed like you ain't gonna stray home today. I don't know know man, you dress, you dressed like you gotta go to hoodie store or you gotta run to the hoodies.


Gotta the hoodie store the PO box. You gotta get that mail. You dressed like you gotta make a stop or two. Huh? Oh, you go straight home. He asked you a question, yo. He talking. You go straight home. Of course, of course, of course, of course, of course. Oh, you went out last night. Lounge. We go straight on that Thursday. Be lit. That line up was crazy last night. I ain't go though. I don't do that. I'm done. We know I'm done. It's over. I hear you. It's over for me, man. You right. I don You. Right. I'm trying to wear more and go out less February 2nd. That's what you give 'em to. Yeah. Yeah. Old Joe kicking February 2nd. Or even if, even if that particular spot.


Yeah. Just Chilling. Okay. Big Freeze in the building, huh? Elizabeth Finest. Freeze. The freest. Of course. El Myra's finest Parks in the building. What's popping? PO is here. Corey is here. Ericson is here. No one else is here. Avon and Tan are here by remote. And last, but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys is here. What's going on? How's everybody doing? How y'all feeling? Is anything heavy on your hearts? How's your tech inbox? How's your dms? How's the DM requests? I know y'all being there like bums. How's everything? How's that? How's our side hustles? Our side ventures, our businesses, our family, our kids, our friends.


How's everything going? Come on. Spill some tea. We got some tea. Everything is going well. Everything is lovely for Me. Everything is fantastic. Yep. A busy, busy week. That's why I spent my whole week looking for shit to start with. Any one of my cast members and I happen to find something. So I do have a question for Mel and then we'll get back to the cast. Okay. I read something and I thought it might have been fake. Okay. This is a quote from you. It says, okay. And I quote, I saw something on Instagram that I wanted to read today. It says marriage is the lowest paid form of sex work. Women are old reparations. The people we lay with are the people who are most likely to kill us.


Which sounds really dark, but that's the reality we're living in. The reality is women have lost their lives in pursuit of men. End. My question to you, is this a real Quote? I didn't say it. I was reading it. It was somebody else's. You agree with it? I read it to create conversation. I'm Asking you, do you agree with the quote that you read? Certain elements of it. Most of, there's a significant portion of women are murdered at the hands of their, you know, significant other. That is a statistic that, that holds water.


The marriage is the lowest form of sex work part. I've never been married. You don't have to, I didn't say, does it apply to you? I said, do you agree with it? I've never been married. I can't speak from that standpoint. Mm. So I said that to encourage conversation from people who were married to Hate on the married people. No, no. It's just my podcast is to encourage conversation. If I'm having a solo episode, I don't have anybody to bounce this off to. So I'm talking to my community. I'm trying to, that's me. Encourage engagement in my comment section so that people wanna come back. Whether they agree with it or not, I want them to basically say I completely agree with what she just, just read. Or I completely do not agree with what she just read.


And these are the reasons why. But I'm looking for engagement. Am I not? I Like that makes sense. I Like that. I'm, I'm good. You killed That shit. I got fucking small hands soft. Okay. I'm doing just Whoa. Shit. All. What's popping? What's popping with the rest of y'all? I got some dirt on the rest of y'all too. But we'll wait till later. We got a special song for you. You my man. What's Up when you wanna start it? Hour or two? You sure you two hour two? What you laughing for? I'm not laughing. I mean, why don't, don't let us wait. No, no, no. I'm not gonna open with it. But hour Two all because I can open with it now. Alright. I follow your lead Captain. Captain. Follow your lead champ. You know what I'm saying? Oh, champ, Boss, champ, Champ, boss Champ.


Another champ is passive aggressive. For real. Is one of the passive aggressive champ. Boss. Boss. Oh. Boss Might be at the top Buddy in the wrong From the wrong person is. Yeah, buddy Pal. Yeah Buddy. I got you pal. Well it depends. Champ was crazy. Champ was, Champ was on top of the champ. Got You bro. Champ. Champ was crazy. He knew what he was doing. It's fine though. What's popping? The rest of y'all Ain't shoot Great week. Work, work, work. Did you build anything? Working on it. Okay. Getting there. Alright. From scratch. Yoki bought Away nigga, I wanna build it from scratch to show the world that I can do it.


What This nigga low key be Right? You you really building the home from scratch. Oh shit. Nah, you gonna lie nigga. You taking it to another level. Hey you get money. I'm, I'm Not confirming or denying anything you heard this nigga say. This nigga said yo. When, when we had to scratch off shit. Yeah. You heard what he said? Nah, he said Gimme something. He said yo, I knew something had to be wrong because this nigga just was publicly saying he hit for a million dollars and I know the CS people was looking. Shit. That's true nigga. It is crazy. So you get away with a lot. Yo, what's wrong? Well you got away but yeah, this guy's nuts. Be nuts. Freeze. How was your week bro? I Had a long week.


Umm, dealing with some, my grandmother had a little health scare. Got it. This week. So, you know, if y'all could just keep in prayers for me, please. Of course, of course. For sure. Other than that, you know it's regular week. Got you. That's that's what's on my mind right now. Shout out to you. Freeze. I can dig it. I had a pretty quiet week remodeling the studio Rewire and shit. Glad we're gone, huh? I mean, I, I I was just anxious to get my shit back The way. I like it. You shit. We ain't going yet. That's true. We not, we not going Yet. Just A quick to break. You know, If you, if we go back then You queens. No, just a little something to break the monotony.


All that hardcore dance. That's gotta be a little outta control. What about you? How was yours? Yeah, what You week? My week, my week, my week. What did I do this week? Shit. No, that's not true. That's not true. But I don't, I don't wanna say what I did. Why? I just don't look good. Okay, That's cool. That's why I just, I just don't. So you, it wasn't you holding out On us. Oh, you holding out on 3 million listeners? Yeah. Which is why that's which is why I want to be reserved. I'll tell you one thing. I was running around the city With that new Congestion.


Couldn't wait. He couldn't wait to go there. Once that hit, not to local localize this out here, that congestive pricing shit has impacted the city like Covid. Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah. For real. Yeah, because now everybody gonna take the west side and the, and the Fdr. FDR and I, I do feel a little bad about it as I'm enjoying the lack of traffic. But it's, it was scary a little bit. Yeah. I'm talking about three, four and five o'clock in New York City. Really? Yeah. I'm talking about Madison fifth, the tunnels Smooth cell seventh ad. The one thing I am worried about is someone who lives in the borough, close to the city is motherfuckers coming in and just parking in Astoria and taking up all the spots in the Street.


A thousand percent. I hope they Do the shit like they did in Jersey City where you gotta prove that you live here to park here. Yes. Yes. They need to do that shit. I'm a nigga that do that. I'll park right up. Who house is this? I'll park Right there for days. Nigga. Yo Astoria was going be so lit when Amazon was going over there. That's a fact. Yeah, They had big plans over there. They did. It is still pretty lit. But your Girl a OC says Yeah, That would've been nice though. Yo, That's five o'clock. Yes. So Wait, the congestive pricing doesn't affect the West side highway and the D-R-F-D-R. Oh, okay. So Those are kind of like free freeway Yeah. Type of situations. But if you moving through the actual inner streets of the city, what is it?


Between 59 60th and down 8:00 AM and 10 p 8:00 AM to 10:00 PM Oh, so you can move around at night's. Bullshit. After 10:00 PM you can do what you want. Oh, What? No, that means it's go over there. That just means it's cheaper. Y'all so poor. It's Free or cheap. It's cheaper. It's not free. Oh, well You still gotta pay. Yes. I don't know if that's true. Yeah, off peak. Yeah, off peak. Yes. Yeah. It's a hundred percent of The time you go, the $9 turns into three 50, which is broke. Oh man. Nah, Depending On what. So if you drive a and down, they charge you each time you pass? I Don't think so. Anytime you go into that area 60th and below and you leave it and you come back in, you're charged.


Nah. Okay. Once a day. Thank you. It's once a Day. Thank you Paul. I mean, Thank you. E Come on. Thank God. Listen Mail just be saying the wrong shit. Yeah. You just, And You was, we're all just figuring it out. Okay. But you're convincing, you convinced me that. Well, I Believed you. I mean, that was what I was told yesterday. Still Nigga, $9 a day. A nigga told you that yesterday. Not a, just a person. Yes. Okay. $9 a day for some people. Fuck you Talking about. No. Clearly for most people Yeah. Like that. It is, it's a little scary. It's gonna affect a lot of businesses. All goes out to anybody that, that is affected by that. Joe, real quick. There's some shit going on. Yo, I'm, when I, when I, when I was living, listen. When I was living in my bubble. Nah, I'm Happy you said that Bro.


Nigga relax Because you think I'm some type of, You think I'm some type of yo, what the fuck y'all doing while I'm talking? I'm tossing to you for the iso, but I don't wanna miss his little snarky fucking Game. Yo. You came on this show and said I'm so happy. Keep y'all poor asses uptown. You did his face. You said You couldn't wait for that shit to start. You were gonna ride over there just because I, but I underestimated its impact and, and the size of the community that I was talking to. So I was saying I I definitely that I'm happy that you That's Dope. Dumb streets are. That's crazy. At five o'clock. That's crazy. I Was Zipping around. I thought I would bat me. I thought my car could fly or some shit. Yeah. And it's fucked up.


I do feel bad that I, it's It is scary over there. It is. Sorry About that. No, it's okay. It, it kind of took the steam out what I wanted to say. All the steam out. But I'm just saying something is going on, man. Like it's, I don't know. When I was living in my bubble before I came up here, life was just so simple. It was a fucking, some peanuts, a box of chocolate and cereal. Now there's stab is on the train. Fucking congested prices. Like you guys opened me up to society that I didn't wanna be opened up to. Something is going on. Y'all got conspiracy man over here that's always putting shit in my brain. I got Jewel. Oh, that's kind of true. Throw your shades on. I don't understand. But I need, I need y'all to put me in whatever club y'all in so I could avoid this. You wanna do the group chat?


Yeah. Please. What the fuck is going on, bro? You right. Niggas is getting stabbed on the train set on fire. A lot of like pushed mass stabbings bro On the train. Accelerating the shit outta my forties. I'm just watching news like I'm in my forties and they bugging like this Joe. They like, It is way more than when we were younger. Back to back stabbings like that in at such a short time. Yeah. I mean no Parks for real. Nah, people It is, It is been violence on the trains for a long time. Yeah. But not like this boss And we not seeing it. Yeah. I think it's just more accessible. That's social's The social social media piece. But I think people's mental health, in my opinion, That's what we say. 'cause we pawns on the chess board. Yeah, That's true.


I think people's mental health issues, They put however many hundreds of millions of dollars into trying to police the, the subway subways. He's right. So back in the day, if somebody got stabbed, you could try to nag on a cop and they would fix it. Right. Today we seeing people get burned alive and cops walking by. Yes. I don't think that that's quite, it's not normal. Yeah, not good Point. Also with the, and again, I think there's A lack empathy in the World in general too. Yes. We'll get to that with the fires. The fires that they having out there with what they're saying about where some of the funding has been where, where what the governor decided to do with certain things that were signed.


Like I heard about that. It is getting, It is deep. It's deep. It's not just State Farm. Cancel the 74, 70 5,000 policies. Mm. Like this is, it's deeper than whatever the porn surface level shit. For sure. Yes. I agree. I agree with that. I'm learning that now. Yeah, yeah. It is. It is. It is scary shit. It is. But it's a weekend. I don't wanna compress anybody. Yeah. Hell yeah. Where do we, where do we begin the fire? We could, yeah, if story in the world, we go into our the trustee. I mean, look, I can't, I can't lie and say that.


I didn't wanna say fucking Thank you to you for like, giving me the opportunity to move out of LA because I don't know how everybody is coping. It is. I saved Your life. You Okay? Oh, love. Yes. I love you for that. 'cause I mean, just looking at what is happening in LA just doesn't, doesn't compute. Like what? Okay, go ahead. Go ahead. Yuck it up. I thought you But get the Fuck that. You gonna get the raise? I was fine. You were like, why y'all can't let We do that? I tell you, I ain't gonna lie, but her eye got watery. Your eye. That was a moment. Please clip that up. That was a moment. But You said That before in this girl.


And I said, I said it more aggressively. I that shett soft like that. She said, love you man. It's You. Huh? She said, I want to Thank you Min talking about a fire Because she knows she'd have been in the hills and somebody bunker Fucking she would've, you can't say that, right? No, it's a horrible time. It just, it saved me. My God. You guys stop looking at me Deep down and nod. No, you crying for real. Anyway, go ahead, Mel. I think that I speak for all of us when we say we wanna extend our heartfelt Yes. You know, condolences to everybody's losses word. It's hard to watch it and actually compute what's actually happening.


Because It is, the city of Los Angeles is on fire. I am, you know, I've lived in multiple different neighborhoods, so I know these particular areas where It is. And it's just like the Palisades is very residentially dense. And it's multi multimillion dollar homes throughout there. It's the Pacific Coast Highway and all of the multimillion dollar properties that run along the beach all the way up to Malibu, it goes all the way down to Redondo. Like it's the, it's practically the entire city. I just, I can't believe it. And it's difficult to conceptualize that this is all just, you know, kind of brush fires that have been started. A couple of them, like the one in Runyon Canyon, which is basically, you know, kind of in the middle of a bunch of homes in the Hollywood Hills in Mulholland Drive.


It's hard to think that that was not, you know, intentionally started. So there's a lot of discussion about all of these fires and which ones were intentionally set and which ones were, And then they arrested home. Then they arrested homeboy that they, that the torch that, yeah. That they say started the, what's it called? The Kenneth? The Kenneth Fires. They named the second fire. Yeah. Even if you didn't do it homeboy bad time to have a blowtorch on You. Right. Now's not the time for your little read the room for your tool. She games. Yeah. The fuck is wrong with you niggas. You right. That's the other thing you say a lot in your forties. Yo, what the fuck is wrong with some Of you people?


That's the word. Yeah, you do tell me you Got a blow. You definitely Do You get a blow torch walk around right now? Yeah. Some niggas mush him to the ground so fast. Anyway. Yeah, It's what I've also been thinking about during this time is, you know, it sounds superficial but it's not because the industry that is in LA predominantly is Hollywood movie making television, et cetera. And we are smack dab in the middle of award show season. We just had the Golden Globes SAG awards are coming up, Oscars, Grammys, all the award shows are coming up. It's gonna be really interesting to see how this is even pulled off because the vast majority of the celebrities that are going are now some of displaced.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's just this is, this is gonna have, this isn't just la this is gonna have a reverberating effect across the entire country and throughout the world. And we just aren't seeing it right now. But it's terrifying. It is. To, to think about what the, you know, the, the long-term effects of this. It's not just rebuilding la it's more than that. It just kind of, the footage just left me speechless. Yeah. I reached out to a couple of my people that live out there and I'm just, you know, just tapping in. Yo, y'all all right? Yeah. And people are like, yo, I've been out here my whole life and I've never seen Nothing like this. I never seen nothing like this. I've seen that a lot. I'm people sending me videos like, yo, look, the entire area is gone.


Yeah. Niggas riding down the street. Like, yo, there's nothing left. Like people like, yo, we lost everything. Shit was burned to the ground. Like a movie. A city. No, a picture today. That shit looked like, bro, it looked like a nuke one off. Yeah. Literally. It looked like what you see after a nuke goes off and there's literally just nothing there. But debris you can't even tell where the houses were or he's Right. I think that, yeah, I think there's a, I've never really like post apocalyptic movies, you know, like the day after tomorrow or whatever the shit. I love that movie. Yeah, me too. It's an Amazing musician. I don't like to watch them because I'm just like, we're on the precipice of this shit being a fucking reality. You know? We live in times in which we wake up and we're like, oh, what catastrophe's gonna happen today? And to your part, your point where you were talking about lack of empathy, I think it's partially that, but it's also like a, a sense of apathy has kind of, you know, permeated just the way we all think and feel because we're becoming so desensitized to, you know, Oh yeah, that's true to catastrophic shit happening every single fucking day.


You know, not even even the catastrophic shit. Like we see murders broadcasted in front on our phones every day. So it's like when you, when you hear something happen, I'm immune to it. But's sometimes they're celebrated like the shit with Luigi in them. Like Yeah, It Is fucking weird. Well, I mean, honestly, but here's the thing about the whole Luigi thing and the fact that, you know, people are heralding him as a martyr and whatnot. The same could be, there's a parallel line there between this and the insurance companies in Los Angeles, the home insurance companies canceling all of these policies like all last year. Good boy. You know, and there's a clip from Vince Staples being here talking about that very thing just last year.


Mm. And it's, it gives you chills when you think about the fact that we were, they were, we were literally sitting on the precipice of this moment actually happening. And nobody thought that it was gonna happen. But there was a few people that were like, now this shit, It is, it's a possibility. What if, what If? And it, here we are. It's now not. What if It is now true? It happened. What now? I cannot imagine losing my entire home and all of my belongings. Your Children, some people, their pets, your kids' pictures. You know what I'm saying? Like your baby pictures, your parents' ideas. Like if your, your mother might have been in Vietnam, your dad might have been, you know what I mean? Yeah. Every memento that you ever had, gold, star purple.


So whatever the fuck you had though, the sentimental shit that can't be ever replaced can't be the place. That's the shit that I don't give a fuck about. No clothes, no cars or none of that other shit. Right. Pets were, you know what I'm saying? Like, yo, if you weren't able to, yo that shit is crazy. People on the highway I saw were a, were abandoning their vehicles, just Got out, left The vehicle, burn all them shits down like that. That looked and I mean, it's not, we can't just say, yeah, the footage looks horrible because every second it's different footage. Like I've been just glued to the phone, seeing all types of different angles. Can't watch that shit. And people, yeah, Me Neither. I Can't watch it. I had to watch it. 'cause the stupid ass news lady, when they fought in the c when the fire star had towards Calabasas, the fire, the fire people were making people get out their cars a abandoning your cars.


Y'all gotta go go that way. Stupid ass news lady down the hill with the mic. Hey, are they making you get out? Where are you going? Niggas carrying they dogs. Bad timing. White people gonna bring the pets. Oh, they're not playing about them pets. Yeah, They Their uncle, they ain't taking Lassie. And shout to the cat in the Bronx. When that fire broke out, the fire fireman tried to grab it. The cat got get off. My nigga landed right on his feet. Yeah. And took off, went to the hospital a little bit, But came out cool. And that Cat jumped from like the fourth floor. Bronx Cats. Bronx Cats, yo Bronx Cats. Yo, They learned from Keisha. I, I was, I'm sorry. I was watching the news about the fire and one of the things that they highlighted was the looters.


Yeah. That's something that stick out to me. People that are actually looting. I'm like, what the fuck? What, what, what are they Taking? People are always gonna take advantage. I mean, I'm, I mean they, they they're, they're saying that, yo, we are locking you up and we giving you time. This said that on the news, we are not accepting that up here. But I, I thought everything burned down. So in my mind it's like, what are they? You know? No, not everything. So there is, if you're inland, got it. You know, so like, let's just say Beverly Hills got, or Bel Air or you know, kind of like LA proper, that's still okay. Got you. You know, but when you are kind of outskirt and around a lot of like brush or bi canyons or something like that, then you're probably in the path pathway of destruction.


So you, Do you think that they're looting because all of the attention is hell? Hell, They always take advantage of a situation like that. Oh. So if they're saying, yo, y'all gotta get out your houses, we houses they opport. Time to go now get, oh, they're like around. It's a lot of people up. Yeah. It is. Groups of them like hundred. It's groups like Yeah. Riding around the areas, we know it's evacuated. We know it's empty. We running in there. Fire is fucking scary man. Wow. It is. It is. That shit is some scary. I had a, we're doing a studio session at my place a couple weeks ago and so we had a pizza on the stove and someone bumped a knob and you could smell it and we put it in the sink or whatever, 20 minutes maybe pass. I pick up the box, there's nothing going on in there. Someone got cool, take the shit outside.


And of course it's Christmas season, so there's just piles of fucking cardboard everywhere. Whoosh. I go back inside, I'm Chilling, I still smell smoke. So I'm checking like the neighbor's house way. I hope someone else's shit ain't burning. Don't think nothing of it. Then I hear tapping on the glass like this and I look outside, it's just bright orange run outside. It's a gigantic fucking dumpster fire in my fucking front of my house. That fire department comes and puts it out and all that shit. But it was just within five, 10 minutes something that did not look on fire, did not, was not burning. No ashes in there. Nothing immediately started this fucking gigantic fire. It's those fucking embers. And that's why people are like, how, how are all these fires? Like, you know, just out of control. It's just so easy.


It's because of the wind. They Said the wind could literally take fire particles and bring shit at the Ember. Don't Even be much though. That's kinda my point In all direction. So no, I'm Yes Ish. The wind can take fire. No, we from here, we don't know that shit. I mean honestly what Canada just had a shit ton of fucking fires. But last year And niggas were saying it was fake and niggas were saying that it, You know what I mean? Like every, they had the, the doubters. You have a blue, like That's how you make the fire go bigger. Don't You don't smoke, You never, well I have you ever said it? Can You smoke hookah? You don't smoke when the hookah cold fucking up, you take the you. Yeah. Don't blow the hooker comb too man.


I tap, I Tap. Let that shit lay on some paper. It was Quick. It's going up Quick. That shit's terrifying Man. I talked to my mans just this, just this morning. He was like, like he's not right there by the coast. But again, the wind blowing and everything. He was like, yo, just yesterday they got up, there was smoke in the house. Mm. Like they're advised they can't go outside without mask masks. N95 mask. So he's like, yo, him and his daughter, he's like, he said they packed the bag and they about to get up out of there. I'm like, well where you going? He's like, I don't know, but we gotta get outta here. I put my feet. Yeah. Toya evacuated. Yeah. Shout dur. Y'all know all my West Coast people man. Yeah. Word. I checked in with a couple people. They're staying in hotels, whatever they gotta do everything That the fucked up part is.


Those are the privileged people. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. You Know what I'm saying? Those are the privileged people. Everybody don't have money to just jump on a plane or go stay in a hotel far away. Some niggas gotta endure that shit because they not financially able to do Something. I think Airbnb came out and said that they, they're providing homes for displaced people for about a week. Yeah. So about a week. Airbnb said that Then after that week, come on now let's back. Gotta get out back, back to business. Back to, you Think they're gonna give 'em the back to late 10:00 AM You gotta leave 10:00 AM Yeah. Checkout Time, Time. That shit is fucked up too. 'cause like everyone's gotta find somewhere to stay after everything. You know, hope, God forbid, hope hopefully gets cleaned up quick. There's still no places for anybody to stay.


You know what I'm saying? Like My New York ass was like, Hey where's all the fire hydrants? And the news was like, there's no water in the fire hydrants. Yeah. Well I think, well one thing I read is that there's water in there but there's not, it's all hills. So it's hard to get the shit up like the pressure. And that's what my man told me. He was like, yo, the, the, the, the landscape is the real complicated piece. The landscape of California is just so hard. Like yo dog, some shit might be right there, but that shit is up a hill. You can't really get to it. You know what I'm saying? Even with the fire department. And another thing was they were talking about 30% of the fire department convicts. Yeah. Or jail people. And they've been laying the niggas off that are the firefighters and hiring the, the jail people.


And they get $5 a day, $6 a day. And they not really getting they 10 but five they said between five to $10 a day. You know what I'm saying? That shit is crazy. Trump blamed the governor. Right. He said it's something pertaining to he was supposed to sign. I, I really don't know the story. There's A lot of politics that are happening. There is a lot now. People pointing fingers, both sides pointing fingers at each other for this is all your fault. Yeah. And maybe It is, maybe it isn't. I don't know. I think it's kind of the wrong time personally for me. Well agreed. Let's hear from some crazy white boy that I don't know. California's governor Gavin Newsom declares a state of emergency with Los Angeles facing one of the most destructive fires in the city's history. And over a hundred thousand people ordered to be evacuated despite trying to pin all the blame on climate change.


The leadership's coming under extreme backlash for mismanagement. First while her city was burning, mayor Karen Bass was in Ghana, Africa to attend the inauguration president. However it gets worse. It turns out a few weeks ago she cut the fire department's budget by $18 million to divert it to homelessness. But if she fully had her way, that cut would be $23 million. As you can see above here are the increases and decreases in budget. The fire department, the second largest one mixed up amidst the crisis the city ran out of water and hydrants were down. Fire crews were forced to watch as the flames eviscerated entire neighborhoods. One of the main contributing reasons for this was because Gavin Newsom and the environmentalist movement blocked to water from being diverted from North California to the south because it would endanger a species of fish. This one specifically, and don't get me started on the dam third, the city decided to prioritize diversity, equity, and inclusion by appointing the first woman and L-G-B-T-Q fire chief to the LAFD with her main vision to build a more diverse fire force.


Join me on Discord to talk about it. Hey homeboy, while I'm not joining you Discord, I do agree with some of this shit and I'm hearing a lot of people talk about the dams out there. So I don't know if the fire hydrants are just empty because of landscaping or because they have been funneling all water that they have through whatever dam that they built. Or, or or have out there. Well I ain't hear that part prayer to everybody man, That's Yeah. 'cause I can't imagine. Yeah, I really can't. I can't. It's terrifying.


It really Is. It's different because again, smoke clears, no pun intended. Once the fires are out fam you still got hundreds of thousands of people that have nowhere to go. It ain't enough hotels, it ain't enough Airbnbs, it ain't enough temporary housing to displace 500,000 people. People. Well not in LA you, you have to move somewhere else. Probably not in California Nigga. We in the middle of school semester, shit like that. Like that shit is different. We got a lot of abandoned places in America. So send 'em There. Shit's crazy dog like man, I was reading a stat here and it's just putting Palisades fire in perspective for those who don't really know, understand the size and everything.


New York, Manhattan, New York City is 14,604 acres and it says the Palisades fire has now burned 19,900. Jesus. 78 acres. And that's just one of the fires. Jesus. One of them. Yeah. Basically covered the whole time. Manhattan. Mel, you were trying to explain it to us. It's multiple, we didn't get it. I'm looking at a map but that says a lot. It is multiple fires and it's, oh, it's the area that it covers. It is a long and wide and far multiple fires going at the same time and very little containment. So in closing, just Our condolences.


So is there nothing that they can do in until, and not just condolences but prayer. Of course. Of course. Is there nothing that they can do until the wind slows down? Yeah, Because the wind's carrying the fire so fast. Dog. Even for the last week out here, the wind has been blowing out here with crazy out here we've been getting 60 mile an hour winds. So you got a big ass forest bleed and the wind is blowing that shit and if the wind changes directions, the fire will literally be coming this way and turn, you know what I'm saying? Go that direction. So you can't really contain that shit that easily. Thug, you know they got the, like the helicopters and shit, the water. I saw one video, they dropped it and the wind just blew all the water.


It didn't Oh shit. 'cause it's so windy. No, I saw They couldn't even drop the, the water on the shit. Yeah, I Didn't even think I saw a video of a lady filming on the highway. Every truck was turned over on its side. Like I'm talking about like 17, 18 trucks just on the road. Blew on the side. Like Some TV, Armageddon shit. Yeah man Max type shit. Yeah They were, they were plowing the trucks to move them out the way But the fact that they were flipped on their side is nuts. That looks nuts to See that. I understand that. And real quick when I say setting them over there, I don't wanna seem like I'm not understanding 'cause I just said that in send there's some vacant lots in America sending people over there.


I don't want it to sound away. I'm just saying that I feel like the government should put this resources into providing these people with homes in areas that are not occupied right now. That's what I feel. Yeah. You know what I mean? And I know it's hard but there's a lot of places that, you know, I want say something about that shit State Farm did, but I gotta State Farm. What you wanna say? Did lemme say You gotta pick your back. I got USAA nigga so let me say it. Nah, just think it's fucked up. It is fucked up. You think? I think that's fucked up. Yeah bro. And I think that that's one of them. Insurance scam Insurance S like Yeah bro. Like, Like I it like It is. I know that people are just assuming that the privileged people are out there, so yada yada y So what Janaco was going through when she tried to put up her heartfelt post, oh You're rich.


It is. Like I don Yeah, but you don't know about nobody's insurance. No policy. And you don't Know how rich people are. You don how much money motherfuckers got because matter they think we rich. It don't matter bro. It don't matter. I don't care about who Rich or who not TI won't do it. I don't Even care about that shit. Shit matter. Rich matter bro. I don't give a fuck about that. Hold up. 'cause I, I mean I don't wanna be too phony. I I did laugh at Beyonce's mom's post. What did she say? What'd she say? I didn't see it. She had like, I guess a little beach house in Malibu and it was floating in, in the post was like, oh my little safe escape.


Oh my home away from home. My little Place. Oh yeah. That's a little time deaf That I much When one of your, one of your homes was affected. One of your homes. Paris Was Paris Hilton. Paris Hilton did the same thing. I felt bad. Bad Oh my Malibu house. We had, we were creating So many Memories. Many memories There. Yeah. And it's just like, girl Don't, that's hate. No, that's not right. That's Hate, That's not right. Come On. That's Not Right. Mel, your Paris Hilton. That's so how, what's the difference between her and Beyonce's mom? Because Beyonce's mom, the place was like, was Shaq Little Shaq? The way that she spoke about it was just like, hey, this is just a small place that I used to go and get away to, to My escape.


Mental escape. Yeah. That's what she made it sound, I Don memories and all that. No Sentimental value. But if Paris Hilton grew up in that, I'm just saying No she was. No, she she literally said my Malibu house. Yeah, You've been hating on Paris Hilton too Long. I'm shut up. I don like Paris Hilton. But it did come up on little tone. It Wasn't Paris Hilton. You listens to the park. Be careful The house you saying We on. Hold on. You Saying we're not good enough for Paris Hill? I'm not saying that at all. Okay. Hey Paris. What's up girl? Ain. Look what you Did. Shout it out. Shout it out. Same thing with Debbie Moore. Caught that plea real quick. Same thing with Demi Moore. Mel. Mel. Just Kevin Space. Yo Mel, I can't believe y'all let her get away with that.


Y'all The audience. Can I ask you a question about that Mel? Do you introduce yourself as, I'm Melyssa Ford, I'm on a JBP. Or you say I'm just Melyssa Ford. Wait, where, where am I doing this? If we meet somebody, if we meet Kevin Space, like what do you do? I used to do you do you give 'em the whole run? Hi, it's nice to meet you. I'm Melyssa. And what if Kevin Space said, well Melyssa, what do you do? I am a media personality podcaster and renaissance woman. Oh. Do you mention JBP first or Hot and Bothered first? She does look a little stupid Man. I love Mel. I I mentioned them both at the same time. Oh well what do you mean media personality? Like so what are you on the radio? Well I'm on the largest podcast and you know Urban No, no, no. Let me correct y'all 'cause I keep hearing that up here.


This is one of the largest podcasts in the world. Yes, that's what I say. Correct You right. That Urban shit that y'all told about. I don't, don't put it on. We're never Correct Say we are one of the biggest podcasts in the world, but we are number one in certain demos. Yeah, got it. We are number one in Certain and that is the clarification that Yeah but don't meet Paris Hilton and start talking about one of the biggest urban I don't Well I mean she's down with, she's down with a get down. She Know In the world P Money. I know. I say in the world Should be We shouldn shit up. You be letting it slide too. I you get a little Twitch Is Nuts.


We been number one in urban Meat. What? Who care? Oh man. Anyway, prayers. Yeah, definitely prayers. Thousand percent. Yes. Yeah. Continued prayers. 'cause it's not over. Yeah. That shit is still going. Yeah. That shit is terrifying. That's Crazy. It is bro. Think about it. It's absolutely tv. Show me out there. Yo, there's some tv. I showed us pictures like the overheads. My nigga not trying to, the shit look like, like a garden. It just got rows like this where houses used to be. That shit just looks cr it looks like some fake shit. Like some AI shit. Yeah. Sunset is fucked up.


I'm like, yo, what the fuck? Like yo, that's crazy. B like I I don't know how long it's gonna take them to recover from That. Yeah, I asked that earlier. I asked you that earlier. Like how Long? No, you gotta think some of these houses were 10, 12,000 square feet. Right? 5,000 square feet, three th like that shit just don't get built overnight. What them clearing up the rubble and the debris and the fire damaged shit and all of that shit might not get done for six months. You're not even thinking about all of the businesses that were demolished by fire. True. So it's just like, so all of the building mat, just think about how you spend your day, how you spend your day as like, you know, landlord, a home builder, et cetera. You take for granted that you get in your car, go to Home Depot to Home Depot, Depot and you make all these stops and whatever else depot, all that shit is gone.


Sure. So where is all the material to do the building? You know what I'm saying? There's not enough locally wise contractors In the world to rebuild that Whole shit. Exactly. And now it's going definitely be a price bump. Plywood going double for sure It is. Two by fours gonna double. Yep. All of that shit gonna double's. You got your man Big T coming in a month, Paul. That's all he gonna start doing His tariff shit. Shit about to get crazy. But also think about all this stuff that is like, you know, imported. That's what I'm saying. Tariff from California. The tariff shit in terms of like food produce and stuff like that. Yes. Yes ma'am. That's what I mean about a reverberating effect across the country. It's this, it's gonna be, it's gonna be nuts. The Pacific is right there. We, we get mad shit from China and from Asia.


It comes via ca. You know what I'm saying? It is going be crazy. It is When Big T go into office. What? January? 20 mm. Not even January. Not even January. Couple Weeks. Couple weeks. Couple weeks. But yeah, he start, he saying he's starting off with his taver shit. So now you impose tariffs on China, California is burned fucked up to the ground. The ports over there, all that shit gonna be affected. Pricing is gonna go through the roof for every fucking thing that we use. Pricing is going through the roof. Y'all scaring people on the weekend? Pardon? Okay. That's true. Sorry. True. Bye people. I mean me Fucking Terrified. Fucking shaking over here Don.


Worry again. Thoughts and Prius to anybody. Anybody and everybody that is affected by the Palisades Fires. And that Kenneth Fire. All of the fires over there. I, I can't imagine it. And yeah, that's shit. Lemme play out names. They, they said it What? Tell Joe, play outstanding for us Couple people. I got you. We might need That. And me be Frankie Beverly. Yeah, Frankie. We need both double header. Yeah. Fuck it LA I would be terrified to live there because of shit like that.


Florida. I'd be terrified to live because of the hurricanes. Like I can put up with this cold. I'm cool. Yeah, I'm good. Yeah, I'm For sure. I'll take this snow. All the shit I'll take. Yeah, I'm okay. I'll take it.


That shit Sounds crazy. The sound effects. The sound effects got a volume button now. That shit sounds Crazy Bro. Yeah, That shit sounds crazy. My little App has that little slider. Oh that's more like it. This strip right beside me. So Excited. I'm such a shout. Alright, we here man. Let's find something. Talk about that the people can feel good about. I wanna make sure I'm right girl.


Alright. What we got? What we got? What we got? We Were talking about fires. So you wanna get to the, the, the smoking fiasco that's going on on the Tobar. Oh yeah, It is a bunch of, bunch of bogie going on. Wait, I, I've visited Happened So FAO and Lil TJ went to, went to Dude's house. Okay. Dude is a streamer Max. I don't, I'm not familiar with play Streaming world. That's his name. Playboy Max Little TJ and Fabio went to Playboy Max's house with their entourage. They were doing some streaming shit. Black Boy Max. Huh? Black boy. Black boy Max. See a flip? You don't know the the pop streamers. You Not. You not in that. No you're not The stream New world yo.


Yeah man. Like you one of the innovators of that shit. But after that you think So? Yeah, they moved past. They Moved past. Oh yeah. No they evolved the game since you was was there so It is not Playboy. Max pla plaque boy. Max. It's Plaque boy. Got you. Saluta Max. There you go. SLU salute him. I old as hell. You ain't called him Champ. Huh? Oh. Oh I ain't champ. Just your man is Champ. Nah he ain't. Man. That's crazy. That's crazy. Get you Fabio and little TJ went to fucking plaque Max Boy Max's house to do some streaming shit with their entourage. Sounds fun. Mm. They started smoking in there. Okay. Plaque boy. Max said kindly might I add, Hey my brother, can you put that out?


There's no smoking in here. I would appreciate it. Mm. You told him this is an Airbnb. This is an Airbnb that's Gonna go off. You can smoke. It is about the front outside in the yard. The back. Yeah. Or you can smoke in the front. Please don't, don't smoke in here. Little TJ said Yeah I heard you. And continued to smoke and then he asked him again. Hey, hey big dog please, please no smoke in here. I would appreciate you, appreciate this was all on Area by the way. Appreciate. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Lot. It was all on the String. Little TJ looked like he lit something else up to me. But he continued to smoke. FAO continued to smoke. They just ignored plaque Boy Max, that's not very nice.


And the internet was up in arms. Ah, ah, that is so disrespectful. How could they do that to Black Boy? Then they got mad and left. Yeah, then they left. They got And they asked him a couple times. But again, very re from what I looked, from what it looked to me very respectfully it Was. And on the walkout it kind of looked like, you know like TJ Dapped everybody up and FAO kind of just like blew some smoke over at him. Damn. They walked out with attitude. Boy that's mature. I think that initially, like I said, they came with all the people. Yeah. 'cause it was only three people initially. Pla boy Max and his two homies. But it was supposed to be F year old. They didn't know he black boy didn't know TJ was coming and they came in there.


And I guess according to FAOs that you know, they, he got up out there about because the tension was high. I guess he said his peoples felt the way and he know that his voice and how powerful It is and the tension was high. So that's why he said he didn't give him a pound. He just, he just left. You know what I mean? But I, I I agree with black boy, man. You know they asked him, yo man, I stop smoking and shit like that. You gotta stop smoking. And I, I watched TJ respond to it and he was like, he, he said black boy talked to him crazy. Now that's his interpretation of it. I didn't see it that way, but he said there were other people in there smoking. And the fact that you singled me out made him feel like you Was on me.


Yeah. You talking down at me, you, you, you know. He's like, yo, could you put that out? Please appreciate it like that. Like he didn't appreciate the way he spoke to him. So Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna keep smoking and it was like, you lucky this, We on stream or else it would've went somewhere else. Wow. Yeah. What a fucking hill to die on. Yeah. For real. You ready to crash out over some smoking? Hey these niggas take they smoking serious. You just gotta go outside. How do you feel? What, what's his face? Yeah. What's baseball tell me fao. It is usually understanding nigga. I don, I don't, so I don't, I don't know his angle, You know what I mean?


Fabio said if they was in New Jersey he would've put it out. But since they was in Brooklyn it felt like he was at home. Fa Yeah. Fabio's understanding. Yo I'm conflicted. Me too. Why? That's a Nigga that smoke in anywhere. Not No, because I'm respectful enough today. Maybe today to where at 20 something though. Yeah. Yeah. Respect respectfully. I'm not gonna smoke when I'm not supposed to smoke and I shouldn't be smoking period. Trying to quit that. Shout out to all the people on that journey. You but back in the day, you know how many places I smoked where I couldn't smoke? Yeah. After they said, Hey can you not smoke right here? Oh sure man.


After I'm done smoking this. Like, so I don't want to get on my moral high ground with the would I have done it the way they did it, they looked like if the the camera wasn't on they would've, they would've did something though Boy Max. They both said it and it looked like that though. Yeah, that's exactly how it looked. I think he would, I think Max was too respectful to deserve any of that. I I agree. But in terms of, hey we're smoking in here. Even if we not allowed to smoke in here because of who we be, I just can't go all the way against that. I can't. And if I can't smoke in here, I'm gonna do what they did Not like that I'm out. I'm not mad At that.


But how they did it, it's the way they did it. It wasn't with a lot of grace. Okay. It wasn't with a lot of grace. And Maybe they thought that the internet wouldn't be And On the flip side, my bad flip on the flip side of that, that's also why I don't do guests. That's right. Because all I could do was picture me in that scenario and y'all gonna have have to kill me in here. Y'all have to kill me in here. 'cause I just said my second time I ain't gonna be as nice as him. Hey do, are you illiterate? Did you not just hear me Tell your slow ass that you can't smoke. I'm gonna say something foul. They gonna shoot me. Yeah. You Always take the Chance like that.


They gonna shoot me. You don't give a Fuck that you would've did that. But all the niggas there like, you just wanna say did It. I don't give a fuck about all 'em niggas being here. They, because that's the other thing. This is my Airbnb. Right. True. Pat downs. When you come in here, if I'm letting you and 90 niggas in here, there will be a pat down. I ain't just gonna get to talking crazy. Everybody got a gun or one gun shoot. Yeah. Not 20 guns. It is, It is different. Yeah. That's a little different. Yeah, That's a little different. I mean when I had the studio in the city, I asked people not to smoke and, and, and someone wanted to smoke and it was a real debate. Yo you can smoke in here flip no man you can smoke.


I just going back and forth for a while. I'm not filming to like, I'm not No I was smoking in complex bathroom. Yeah, but you went in the bathroom though. You get what I'm saying? You Weren't allowed to smoke. I understand that you still went in a way to try to disguise it. Some respect for authority. There was respect There. Said don't smoke in Complex's bathroom. And I said all right. And I continued to smoke in Complex's bathroom. I understand that you didn't sit on a set of everyday struggle smoking Joe. You're not smoking in with camera's face while he taking a piss in Complex's bathroom. It's Also a little different doing that to like a company or a corporation. 'cause I'm the same way I've done that same type shit versus versus someone's crib like, or Airbnb or Whatever. But again, if the CEO of complex is taking a piss, you not gonna go in there and be like an event Dog.


The artist feel like, no, I don't think I would. Yeah. The artist feel like day Michael Jackson. Yeah. It ain't just that. It Ain't when you use that, It's not just his biggest thing in the Analogy. 'cause he could do whatever you want. No, it's Two things. Michael Jackson is the biggest thing in the world. Yes. That's what I'm saying. Every artist thinks they are the biggest thing in the world. Got it. So yeah. I'm not stop smoking. That's one piece. Second piece, Sotheby is who you, who fuck are you nigga? Yeah. You ain't, you ain't you ain't we street niggas True. Who are you to tell us to do anything? That's true. And that's the way a lot of street niggas view non-ST. Streett niggas. That's true. Do you think you shut the fuck up? Don't say nothing's. I don don't care what you say. Do You think the way he said it by not actually turning around and pulling, He turned around.


He turned around the first time Because when I watched it, it looked like little TJ looked at that nigga he was eating and it was Like, nigga shut up. I'm gonna do this. Don't you don't you can't ask me to do nothing. Yeah, Because you not a street nigga. Had that been another street nigga sitting there and just ask him the exact same way. I think it goes different if that's Mayo's podcast. I think the level of respect for Mano they they carry, they're Not gonna smoke in Mayo's podcast. I'm just giving you a But even if, if if he was to say yo Dog, they're not even gonna have their lighter in manos bark. You get what I'm saying though? So ice is right. I think the two things, I think the fact that, and this goes into the entitlement of celebrities or goes to the entitlement of artists. That's just one small thing. But also I think ice is right and yo who the fuck are you nigga?


You can't tell me what the, You know what I mean? I think it's more than Other's. Lot of street, street niggas too. I'm not saying it's about FAO and little tj 'cause I fuck with Favio, but there's too many street niggas that high not being able to fight behind being a street nigga too. Well you get beat the fuck up as a street nigga. What did that mean to me? But when you fight the street nigga a lot of niggas Yeah The odds of a nigga ing your chin are different. But That's not necessarily true. A nigga may step out, you may get jumped but a nigga may, you may get at the odds. Okay you may get a hit. Wow. You get what I'm saying? So Yeah. But to me, street nigga means more than I have 70 people with me. I'm talking about if it's just you and whoever you deem to be soft. I don't Even think I don I'm, I don I don't even think it's the, the celebrity piece there.


Like if they went to Power 1 0 5 and they say Yo dogs, y'all can't smoke right here. I don't think they light up right here. And and Joe I Agree it's more so Right. We don't respect you. He's right. Mm. You grew up a little bit different and you were around niggas a little bit different. The street niggas you was around, they would fight. They would back up, put whatever down and give you the one-on-one. 'cause them niggas can fight. A, a lot of niggas these days are are not doing that. They're shooting you drug do, huh? Yeah, I get what You're saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A lot of niggas nigga you up. Nigga like nigga will fight. Nigga what you wanna fight? Oh, hold up, Let's Around the corner. We don't need none of that. I fight you one on one and follow You home and your happy family. Follow. You can't say that.


You can't say that fight don't end. So you try to say fight is a trick. So you get the best one. We get started now if you Get a a best of one of them, they, That nigga Ty is the jacko boy. You playing that name nigga? Oh man. Who was I saying listen slow Newsweek for me because I don't, I don't really give a fuck about FAO and little TJ smoking in black boy Max's house. I don't, I really don't. But I mean, what else? We got Some other beefs but what else? More beefs? Yeah. I don't know if we wanna touch on it.


We talking about the Jim Jones and Cam in 50. It's news Again. I don't know if we want to go down that path without all the information Yet. Oh, on, on when Cam interviewed 50, he, he talked about the beef that him and 50 had back in the days and then Cam elaborated that yo you had, you did a, you played chess by having Jim Jones come and perform at a show. And Cam did identify that there was some internal issues with Dipset and he was like, I wanted to see what happened. And 50 said the same thing. 50 said yo, I threw it out there and Jim bit the bait. It is what they said. Capo did a interview with Justin boy.


Justin boy. Right. And he stated that them niggas is on my dick. Right. And he just elaborated on things and that's what everything is. That's where everything is at now. So now 50 responding, I think Cam's responding Monday. So this is where we at with this right now. This one's ugly. You said What? I said this one is ugly because It is, it got potential to go left. Why? I don't think so. I I definitely think so. I think if if paths were crossed mainly between, I don't really think 50, but I think if paths were crossed between Jim and Cam, we could go left at this point. Really? There's a lot of things that were set up between the both of them over the years and they were able to come together and over the, But even, even like, they came together at the verses and he mentioned like, I ain't seen him before then we don't talk, we ain't spoke since then.


We didn't know he was coming. Like they, it ain't, it ain't like shit is smooth there with them 'cause they did a show. I think some niggas have more love and respect. Yeah, love, love The love piece is different. I could not fuck with you and still love you. Exactly. I could not. You think the love is still there? Yeah. Okay. I think, I think, I think it's love Dear Jim came on this show and said Cam, Cam is my heart. You know what I'm saying? He said that Jim Said that all the time. He said it on that interview, You know what I mean? Oh he did? He said Cam is my man. Man, I was Cam's man. Not just like some runner nigga. I was a business partner. You're speaking of all of that in past tense though. When you said past tense happened was which means that things could have changed Possibly.


But if you look, if you, if you are, if we can, but if you are interpreting that from Jim's perspective, I love you nigga Kim. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You know what I'm saying? I love you like it's different. I know. I love your moms. I I don't, I love y'all. I love family. Like whatever you mad at me about and we not hanging out no more, nigga we grew up together. Yeah. I still love you nigga. And We can talk shit to each other. But it, it's talking Shit. We good. I'm not gonna do nothing to you when I see you. What's the limit to talking shit though and how much can you get off? Because before Cam responded to Jim before, remember he did the Instagram live when he was talking about things when Jim had did the interview on the radio and stuff like that. With Flex? Yeah, With Flex. I don't predict Cam going crazy on Jim. Okay. Nah.


Cam mouth is crazy but I pause. Pause. Yeah Man We can't do that. He's Pushing 50 nigga. He got, he he get, he Get he asked for no better. I think, I think Cam is gonna say some things but I, I I still think that, I don't think Cam and Jim will get in a physical altercation. I would hope. I agree with you. The neighborhoods that we from, bro, like they got history. It's hard to really get into a physical altercation with a nigga that you known since you was 13 years old. You know what I mean? Like if age Doesn't play a role here, but do you think Cappo Cappo, well Capo did say them niggas on my, Yeah. So yeah, But that was the worst of what he said It. I agree. He didn't say nothing. I Was surprised that him say that Though.


I was surprised too. Yeah. Jim usually take that a higher role when it comes to, He don't speak on A lot of that shit. He takes a higher role. So play. He don't speak on shit. Any interview I see Jim don't really speak on. Nah, he doesn't. He'll he'll steer the conversation differently or just say I, I'm not talking about that. So I was shocked to even hear that part. Yeah. I don't like it. Not Me neither. I don't like it. Jim handled that. Push your T shit What he said. Yeah. Yeah. Now say something. What? Yeah, he said Yeah. Say something. What? Say something. Say something. Cappo handled that Pusha T shit came and went huh? Yeah.


Say something. All that, all that fashion week shit you always talk about. Yeah nigga say something, say something else. Say something else. We here Pete, the rules don't change for push. Where the fuck you at? We already gotta wait for a Clips album. Say something back next Month. Nigga. We over that. Push verse. Jim Jones. I'm talking album. We won. Jim won. That's it. It's over nigga. Okay, thanks. Yo. This podcast is only for me to be biased toward New York. That's it. We know that's all, that's all this shit is at this point. It is for New York niggas to talk shit about the rest of y'all. Joey Badass gonna respond to Ray V said you talking about New York niggas responding.


I feel like I'm a West Coast nigga A little bit. Hey, sometimes I do feel like I have have some type of connection with the West coast, but it's out for my favorite part of the show prize. Yes.


All right. It's playoff time and It is now or never. So don't miss out on the best place to win real cash money while watching the playoffs. And you can now win up to 1000 times your money on PrizePicks. PrizePicks now offers MasterCard for quick and easy deposits. PrizePicks is really simple and easy to play. You can get this done in 60 seconds or less. All you have to do is select two or more players, look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win. Big. It is playoff time and David Montgomery went down. So gimme Jamir Gibbs for everything. All the food. Gimme Jamir Gibb for over rush yards. Yeah, I'm in. Yeah. Gimme Sequan Barkley too. Yeah, he is gonna eat. Gimme Sequan Barkley too for more than 80 rush yards. And gimme Lamar Jackson. Gimme Lamar Jackson for a rush. Td I'll take a rush to Okay, I'll take a rush to for Lamar Jackson. Don't forget to download the app today and use promo code JB PP to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I, I repeat for the people in the back. Download the app today and use promo code JJBP and you will get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


Alright. We was, what did Dre say now? Alright, let's turn up time It is. Turn up time. What Dre sent Drea is selling an air purifier Nah. From Tyro Taylor's house. Nah. She got a post up on her Instagram. What Does it say? While the unimaginable is happening with the fires in la, air quality is so poor, toxic. Even I'm using the brand air purifier to ensure my kids and pets are breathing in fresh, double filtered air. The brand is now offering $200 off. When you use my Lincoln bio, there is no price on peace of mind. But having It is more valuable than most worldly things.


Hashtag pray for la hashtag air quality. Hashtag air purifier. Hashtag Get out that nigga's house. Drea make it so tough to do my job because I love her. I love her too. I I absolutely love Dre. I do, I do. And was watched our beef so I don't wanna reignite it. But That's, that's tone deaf. This is bad Drea. This is bad. Like you got friends that broadcast for a living. How do we There's no way That's bad. This is bad. I don't even know. This is so tone deaf. This is the wrong time to sell your air purifier.


Yeah. Yeah It is. Come on Andrea. Yeah, come on. Andrea. Would would, would any of y'all do it? No. No. Hell no. No, No, no. People are losing their lives bro. Yes. People Are losing all of their valuables. You ain't answer Their homes. Their lives wait issue. I didn they're pets. Wait issue would've did. It is why you ain't answer. Huh? I said no. See Cora. I told you he wasn't gonna say what he said in the kitchen. He Sure wasn't. He wasn't gonna say what he said in the kitchen. He wasn't gonna say it. I have a question for you too. Sure. If you got kicked outta your home now or you was displaced, do you have other homes that you can occupy?


Yeah. That you can live in. I knew It. Matilda gotta go though. Who's Matilda? Whoever That motherfucker Matilda gotta get the fuck outta there. So You gotta go. So would you evict somebody to go stay there? No. Oh, so you, oh so you got a side home. No, The fires is a serious topic but I do wanna be ignorant for two seconds. Me too. I saw clips over there in Malibu where the fires like skip the house every now and again. So let me tell y'all if my house is on fire, the house is next to me.


It is on fire. It'll not be scared. Are you crazy? I'll start that shit myself nigga. Yes. I'm, I'm going over there with a match. A whoopsie a match and a match. You stupid. You crazy As hell if I'm gonna be on, if my Whole shit, all our shit burnt down and you good And the shit skip right over your house and you're Chilling. They not And a fan they not good either. They not good either. They won't be, They ain't gonna be, y'all gonna be outside too. They gonna to knock their shit down from the smoke inhalation Shower. No, once I, once I put my Uggs on, they gonna have to knock all that shit down. Soon as I find this robe I'm right my name in gasoline on these shit.


That's, that's disgusting. As soon as I find this Robe It is horrible And it shouldn't be said but I would do it as Soon as I find this robe. Yo. Yeah, As soon as I get these hugs on your house going down, you just, you just wait right here. Ys niggas an idiot. This conspiracy theories going around saying that the arsonists are starting these fires. I'm not gonna use this very big platform to spread conspiracy theories, but I will go home and believe some of them. I I'll be in belief with You Now because that makes some sense. It does. And I done watch too much of this jackal and all of this other stuff. Yeah it was good right?


Yeah. Did you watch the whole thing? Okay. Spin that Shit. Talking to yo shit out. You talking, Corey watched the whole thing. You said you was talking to me. Of course I watched the whole thing Support. So we've all seen the whole thing. I've seen. I haven't But go ahead. The entire jackal and I'm here to spoil it. For those who haven't seen it. If you wanna see it and haven't seen it fast, hit forward. Hit the little 15 couple times. Yeah. Hit that a few times. We got the PrizePicks add in so we should be good now. I liked it. I absolutely loved it.


Absolutely loved it. What a great show. I wish that you would've told me that they was in Germany and all Spain and all of these other fucking, I did try To tell you that when you stepped on my shit when I was talking about the European clothes, he He did that didn't tell me that they sell European clothes over here. No, I You stepped on my shit man. Keep proceed. Yo. So why you can't get better at picking it right back up Mr. Not entry level. Mr. Non-entry. Listen the clothes, he was fly. You were right about the clothes. The jackal was absolutely fly. I got a lot of questions about this show. I do like what? I have a lot. Question number one.


Who was more heartless? The jackal or Bianca? Bianca. Why do you say that? Oh, for everybody who does not know Bianca is the even am sixth agent that was chasing the jackal. It's not Even close. Bianca, my girl said, oh my god, that's the lady from the woman king and that's the lady from, and I was like, and didn didn't see the yo when your girl talk. Yeah, she was really dope in the woman came, You ever had to listen when your girl pop with like a fact. Oh my god, that's suck Sex from the gang. WWW Wah wah. WWW. That's just like Spanish To me.


I don say what? No dog. There was a woman cake. So more fiction. Oh shit. Give your socials, gimme a handle. No. So my girl says that and I gotta pretend like I'm interested in what she's saying. So I'm like, oh for real. Oh for real. She was in the woman cake. That thing. That's the extent of my pretending. Just repeating what they say. Oh shit, for real word. She was in the woman king. She was great In the woman King. So then my girl, she was really girl expounded on it. She was like, nah, this was a character. And I'm telling you she used to be big. I'm what are the main noise? And I don't know what happened. Like she used to be so bro and she pulled up pictures and she showed me the pictures. So now she done changed my entire view on this lady. 'cause now I started looking at the lady, I'm like girl, this lady is don't bro.


Now look at this girl. They tried to dress her in a way to make her seem more No it's a different braw that she Dog. Did you See that woman's traps? These shits? Did you see her arms? Did you see her? Whatever this line is in your chest, the chest cavity. Stir them. No matter how they tried to to mask it, you couldn't hide that. This lady was in a lot of shit. She was in great shape. Phenomenal shape. That's one. But you're asking why, why do we say that It's not even close? Why do we say that? Yeah, Bianca. And again, hit the button that you Didn't say please. Y'all better.


Bianca takes the daughter, puts the daughter in jail. That's one. That's the start. Daughter dies. So then she goes to the daughter's mom uses the daughter's mom to get whatever information. She acts Like she's still alive. Yeah. Doesn't tell. I didn't even get there yet. Doesn't, didn't tell Her. Didn't get there. Okay. She's just using the daughter's mom now to try to get what she want. She get found out she died. Oh yeah. She don't tell her mom that the daughter died. Even they told her. Let her know. Don't. So now she, the daughter done died. The mom died. Oh whoa, whoa. Before you go, you are a mom.


She's a mom. So instead of telling another mom that your daughter passed, you are lying to this lady saying your daughter is still alive. And if you want to see your daughter, you have to do that. Do what? I said X, Y, and Z for me. Okay. That was disgusting. That Is disgusting. That's just one. Then she got to the dad made a whole bunch of promises today. We are not gonna kill your brother. Your brother. Y'all are only get five years in prison. All of these, all of these lies gets the brother kills him. Well now, no, the jackal did it, but he Died. They didn't want to kill him. She, she, her instructions were we need him keep him alive.


They wanted him a alive but they still, they would've killed him. But she made sure, yo, we take him alive. Yes. Go. She was just fouled the whole time. Even at the, even at the end Fam. What? After the brother. The brother. Now you killed my brother. I ratted on him. So you know I feel fucked up already. Boom. Fast forward. That brother now kills himself. So she's responsible now for four deaths. She Go to the jail to see him. Yeah. To make sure he all right. After she fucked him all up and Told him, nigga, I wanted you and your brother to spend the rest of y'all fucking lives in jail. He kills himself. Yes. Oh. Put her, put her own daughter at risk when the brother came in the house and put the knife to her.


Which is why dad, her husband started whiling. Like Bianca just, Bianca wasn't right the Case. The job was above everything else bro. She had a out at the end. That's The part that bothered me the most. She had A out at the end. Y'all ain't fuck 'em these niggas no more. Fuck them. Suck my dick. And then she Got her entire family back. Yep. She got her family back. Homeboy did what real niggas do. Went, moved in with the ex-wife. You want to play around, Hey you wanna play all these little cock games. I got some old work that I could go live with and be cool. She finally get her family back and has to make the decision when they, when they call her and the daughter says, how do you know that you didn't already make the right decision just by being with your family?


She said, ah, you wouldn't understand Leaves and homeboy said it, yo, just go, just do it quick. She leaves. Nah, what are you talking about? Just go, just do it quick. She don't, she leave. She don't go to CVS. She don't run the home goods. She don't run the city hall or somewhere that she might be safe trying to capture the jackal. She go to his house. No, the nigga that you seen make a shot that nobody in the world could make from two miles away. A moving target hit the nigga in the fucking, The jack will kill The the the revolving door. Shit. The jack will killed somebody everywhere he went.


No, He ain't just kill niggas though. He didn't just kill him. That's my beef for them. I ain't got a problem with that. With what He, some of them niggas just tough to say 'cause you're an assassin. Some people he was just killing The old people. It Did. It wasn't until No, no, no, no, no. Not the old people. That's not True. Why? Why did He kill his gay boyfriend? And then because The dude knows ends, he's seen him. He loose Ends. So what? So what you didn't have to do that. He was, you confronted me. He was leaning in for a kiss and that dude was annoying. He had to kill him. The gay boyfriend was annoying 'cause he was stalking. Oh you haven't beat somebody. He had To kill him. They on your body too. You had to kill him Joe. That fucked me up when he had to kill him. I didn't think he was gonna go. He was committed to the job though. He had to kill him. He killed the cop that pulled him over and the truck driver had To Kill him.


Interesting how you guys look at like his need to kill these people in order to preserve his identity. But her, she's fucked up. Mel. She didn't Ha Mel. It was her job. She Didn't have to do things. It was her job In her her training. No it's not. That's wrong. You are wrong. I'm not lying. If you stand in this lady's shit right now, I'm gonna smoke you. You're wrong. You are wrong. Her job did not make her lie about somebody's daughter being dead. Do cops lie in interrogations? Mm, they Don't have to. But they do. It's Not like go. He's killing people based on life decision. It is like Death's Not, her check is the same if she don't do that shit that she was doing. Her check is the same.


Don't back down. Don't back down. When I was in the street, one thing my nigga always said, damn, this is In the street. What? He said, Dog, you wanna get away. What did he say? That you want to get away more than they want to catch you when you get away, nigga, your life is at stake. Your freedom is at stake. The cops gonna go home and eat the same food. Fuck the same bitches got they mortgage and they check coming. They, they once is different. This nigga was on the run for his life. Her check and nothing about her life changes if she don't catch this man. Okay, Well she's not exactly just regular law enforcement. She's part of I six which could basically be like the American equivalent of like the fucking CA the fbi. So they have different fucking training and they are taught, they're, they are trying to apprehend a different level of criminal than just some regular street motherfuckers.


So her training dictated, she was a specialist too. Mel. There was a reason why she was in this unit. She lied because of her knowledge about Guns. Somebody's child being dead as a mother. The things in the steps that she took were not necessary. I know. Which means she's a piece of shit But at the same time ends to a means. Same with him. Everything was an ends to a mean. The gay guy, the old couple in the Winnebago, everybody was an ends to a mean no. The old Means to an End. I should say old couple Was trying to kill him. Mel you are Wrong. I'm not wrong. And This is where your back down, down, down. Go back down. This is fighting where your morality shit becomes bullshit. Mm.


Because one his means was his life. Mm. Her means were was her job. But mean. Wait, hold, Stop. I'm still moving. Hold on. The other day when, what Was his job though? What did he say to his wife? What is my job to kill people? Mm. That's his job. But it was his self-appointed job. He didn't have to kill people. AK hit the AK back. He didn't Have to kill people. He was in the fucking military. He killed his whole team just to kill The job. No it's not. And now he's applying it to killing people. Check that nigga contract killing people. But she's the One who has like the lower moral Thing. Job ain't to kill people. Her job is To apprehend to Criminals. Listen to this.


When the police officers become crooks, they've crossed the line. Mm. When you start doing the shit to people that you took an oath to not do you locking a motherfucker up for lying and stealing. When you become a liar and a thief and you locking somebody up, you justifying doing what they did that you looking for them for. That's facts. What are we talking about? When the cops start beating niggas up or robbing drug dealers, you worse than the fucking drug dealer. She didn't rob a drug, a drug dealer Man, what are You talking? She had an, she had an asset. The asset was the mother. She not going that. Okay. Like I'm, I'm not No you're wrong because it's the same thing. It's not, it's it's the same thing. It's just they had different objectives. She's foreign oath the same to uphold the law. You don't hold the law niggas in the crooks to the same Standard.


Okay, listen, I don't work for MI six so I have no fucking clue what their whole, you know, mission mantra is or what her training dictates. But it looks to, it seems that obscuring facts or omission of facts can go within the can can exist within the realm. Think what of interrogation. Especially when you have a fucking asset you've been working with for years. Think what It is. I think kind of in summation of what I'm getting from Ish is at some point it was her job to care about her life. And she never did. Not ever not the, not her asset, not the daughter, not the dad, not whoever she You treated this woman's daughter has collateral damage that was innocent.


You locked her up under false precincts. This is the shit we argue about with blacks get killed by the cops. The cops are the cops. They are paid to protect us. Not paid to fucking kill us. So the cops in a crook should not be held to the same standard. She, this girl was doing a silent protest. They wouldn't locked this girl up. Number one under false pretenses. She committed no crime. They locked this girl up. She died in police custody and they covered it the fuck up at that point right there bianca's a piece of donkey shit and rest, Peace on And just, and and also just to make it clear for everybody, they did not kill her. She had a preexisting heart condition that nobody was fucking aware of. She Probably, and if she's not in that cell, she don't die. It's quite possible.


Or maybe she dies right there like sitting on the floor protesting. It was a pre-existing condition that was made clear throughout the whole series. We can agree to disagree Beyond This point. A thousand Times worse than Homeboy. I wanna, I wanna move on 'cause I I have more questions. When, when the jackal's wife's brother had the, the deal or wanted him to come do that? Yeah. I don't understand why the jackal killed homeboy and not the brother. Well because he didn't wanna kill his wife's brother. He loved that lady. He loves that lady. She ain Not just that, I just need to test my shit out to make sure that that my, my, my boat gun is working the way I need it to.


That's really what It is. Alright, cool. You know what, and he's a problem because the wife said he was a problem. Okay, cool. You want me to get rid of this nigga and he's trying to get test this out race to make sure that this, this GMB boy is working on this boat because I'm about to go hit another nigga. For real. So lemme go get a test shot off. Yo, That was my other problem with Bianca. Why are you chasing this nigga that the gun is the donta of Shooting? No, I'm talking about the gun maker. What did they tell us? Did the gun maker ever did bad outside of make guns? That that's bad though. Stop it. No you are pa stop. That's my point. That's the fake shit where you are passing judgment on a nigga that makes guns. The guns are used to kill people.


Cool. But you killing people too, bitch. I think that they, you're supplying that he was assassin and shit like you. Yeah but that's like an arms dealer, right? That I'm not with you. Yeah, I'm not disagreeing with you. And I think they said he was like part of the IRA or something like that. Like You know that nigga was a genius if You going do Yeah, he was a genius. Oh no he was. If you're gonna do that to him then, then I want hear your take on the NA Like he was making guns. He himself wasn't doing shit. It's a gray. If you are making guns for niggas that you know are illegally killing people, it's like you supplying a fentanyl for niggas that selling drugs fam. I'm over here making specific shit. So you could get through the metal Detector and go off some niggas?


Yeah, I I, I put this shit in the, in the, in The carry on that Because I knew what you was about to go do with it. Fuck that boot boot that walking boot. That boot put this shit in the boot. Amazing. They told you yo, this is 3D printed so you only gonna get about eight shots. Only going to get them count maximum eight shots. He said normally you'll get three. But because I'm me yo. What? Come on now. That walking boot Was said. Show me how to put it together. The nigga started pulling the bottom of the boot like skis out. What? No, that was amazing. That was amazing. And just, just A Come on son. Masterclass and and gun knowledge. Once he got to talking with that gun make true, True, true.


Yo you gonna be how many, how many feet away. Alright cool. So that means the travel time of the bullet is six to seven seconds. So you have to predict where this nigga's going to be. Yeah. Seven seconds after you fire the bullets. You told him you literally shooting into the future. You shooting into the future. Nigga the turns heard No was going like this. Once the turnstile door got passed, that shit hit that nigga smack in the back of the head. That's the one that was crazy. And prior to that, the guy that hired me, I'm going to shoot you in your legs. So you are the per, so you didn't know he hired the He did know. He know that at first He didn't know that at The time. But he knew that that was the that was how I'm gonna get the person is Your I know you gonna go see son in the hospital.


You gonna see him in the hospital. Then I'm gonna you that, that that guy, that level of and in closing 'cause I don't wanna beat the fans to death if they haven't seen the show. Go watch it though. I was just, my problem with the jackal is he was way too heartless up until episode eight. No joke. I don't, I don't like just a hired gun. That's not true. Think about why he became the jackal. 'cause that's episode Eight. No it's not. 'cause ice just said yo, he killed his team. That's Episode eight. Wait, you haven't seen the whole thing? Seven? I've seen the whole thing. Okay. That It is episode eight. Oh But the last episode is 10. Yeah. Yeah. But they explained It is when they explained it to, to him explain it. We didn't know nothing about him killing his show. They kept thinking it was him.


Yes, yes, Yes. When he was having those flashbacks of dead families and kids. Yes and women. And I was under the impression he did it. So he was traumatized. Episode eight. They showed, they showed us what happened and that was the first time they showed us that he had a heart. He He was human. Yes. Well They, so then why the fuck are you a hired gun? 'cause it pays well, Clearly it didn't if two niggas ran off on them. No it does pay. Well What happened though Joe? That nigga had a, they did run off. Nigga had a drawer of money. They Ran off on him. All different countries. You let the brother take take your money, you let the, the, the girl take your money. The brother took the money and the gun. I'm watching that show saying I need this exact setup that the jackal has on his phone for when your stupid Ass Try to go in my phone.


The Jack shit starts vibrating. Yo motion detector come on. Motion detected. He's sitting there. I need that when my girl go on my the phone. I thought he was gonna Say something. I thought he played that shit good. I thought he was gonna beat homeboy ass. I'd have killed the brother. I wanted him to get fucked up so bad. The brother I'd have killed the brother. He Wanted the idiot niggas that keep fucking up that'd get the whole, which he kind of Did. He got everybody. Yeah, He got everybody jam up was A liability. Yes. Like a, I don't like how Bianca died. I do. It's corny. You, it serves You Right. The whole, this whole series, she has been the wisest one. She done called out everything that was about to happen before it happened. It didn't stop it from happening but she done called it all out.


So for her to play that game with him in his house like it was a quick too. He did that shit with a pistol. Like a do juice was a bop bop in the dark. Nah, get outta here. Nah, the wise one though is is Asian chick. Yeah because she got outta here yo. What's my man name? Simon. Simon. Simon. You said okay well he'll call himself Simon. He will call himself Simon. Alright. We lose no offense. Oh yeah, yeah. Back. If you haven't seen a jackal, this is not an ad. It's just the only one that got jackal ad money. The rest of us. He has nothing down with us. He didn't bust a thing down. We just talking about it 'cause we like the show. But he got new camo. Oh that's not, nevermind. Not That I got on. You talk said nevermind camo. I said nevermind.


I took it back. I took it back Man. Anybody watch the Springer shit. I know you I to see it all. I've been glued to the jackal. What'd you think? I Love it. That's Your man too. Yeah, I ended rest in peace. I was the last one Interview him before he passed away. It's not about you. We highlight Jerry Springer. Yeah, I mean don't Do that. That's Horrible. They go to hate go on Because that's Drea don't be like Drea. Well I am. They go to That's the hate that. Go on. I'm I'm gonna get you in a couple minutes. I mean it was great though. It was great seeing that I'm was a big fan of the show. Of course you, I think I try to emulate a couple of things Jerry has done. Yes you do. Over the years. I saw a lot of you when I was watching it. That's what I thought of. I was like, Oh yeah that's why. Why Flip be doing all This shit? And I was proud of they beat Oprah in the ratings at one point. Yeah. I was proud of that.


And you know as they said TV guy rated it the worst show number. Worst show ever. Yeah. So it Might've been the the downfall of society. It was the beginning of just fuck it. Clout chasing, put it on. Yeah. Clout chasing. Yeah. Fuck it. Put it up baby cl era. Yeah I think, I think it was great. But I want, I want you guys to watch it so we can discuss it. Yeah, yeah for sure. Much better. Unlike what you guys just did. You know you discussed the whole jacko shit. I planned on watching the spring. I ain't gonna lie. The jackal was too fired for me to leave. Yeah. Once I started, even when I left the house I was like let's Go nigga. You, you Had to get back. Yeah, no I Told niggas that shit was dumb. I know nigga. You Kept asking yo, can y'all please watch anyone. It makes sense that he watched the show with the assassin Married to the white girl.


That's fucking, he was white. Huh? He Was white. You got somebody, you got somebody, you got somebody putting you on this shit. 'cause you, you going fire nigga like you watching shows now. Anyway go ahead. What you say? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ignore me. Ignore me. You come with colorful contacts next nigga Red eyes nigga you on your shit boy. You Nothing. You on your shit. Niggas watched it. Yeah, Definitely check out the Springer doc though. It's, it's pretty Interesting. Please. I am. I am definitely This weekend. Yeah. Right after Aunt Phyllis funeral rest. Peace. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. That's something wild to do. Out funeral. Which turned Jerry Springer on Your man behind the scenes. Yo. Wish he had the funerals right Richard?


Yeah, Richard was crazy yo. Gotcha. Anyway. Ray Vaughn. Yeah Ray vn let's do it. Ray Vaughn is dissing Joey Badass along with a slew of other West Coast acts. Yeah A bunch of people are Disen Joey Badass. Now You wanna hear, hear a little something. Let's do It. Why not? That Nigga went crazy, Grabbed up that Kendrick b real quick. Rayborn is a West Coast act from td. Yeah I know. Oh Yo. I love a good smooth dis beat.


He was floating on his Mouth. Yeah He was in my court. He was floating. Hey courage Come from niggas Who mines in the middle with nowhere. It's monsters where I'm from. You stuck if you trying to go there. Uncle was a crack head. Cocaine on his nose. Heads getting high with the low Fells no Jordans just pro heads. What's with the sneak distance taking shots at us? They high the Uzi because the only badass the world was recognizing this boozy. Please don't get confused with shooting them movies. We really shooting was on Soul album. So if you ask me you look like a goofy. I hope this message reaches you well and Tori you should be ashamed of yourself 'cause DDG needed to sell. You did a verse from a sale for you went to jail in a booth. Me and you as Keenan and Ka stranger. Things happened on the mic when niggas beef over s don't think you shout out.


I was praying for your freedom as well. Your As well. If ain't no Friendlys in the sixth then we gonna blink you as well. Should have did 60 days in for podcast. I treat ma like orders from Timo. You'll get boxed bad when it seem like everybody, how can we not crash the pop out Did something for niggas who don't got Dads watch make the stock crash. Kids play with cap guns. Last year was act one. I'm so that nigga Black Gums. I came for chicken Flat Out. It is not the right one. Not crash outs. It's doing shit. You can never come back from speaking on the land. And it's a quiet place. Marathon. My soundtrack to life. We in a giant race. My hustle be for rappers client base.


Pray they don't violate. I'm trying to make it home to my daughters with my entire face. This is a long freestyle. He's smoking it. You want me to keep going? There's another two guys left. Yo. I'm not gonna lie. No, that's enough. He Went, he went absolutely crazy. He went, he's incredible. Yo. They keep fighting these motherfucker. He Went absolutely ape shit my nigga. They're little, they're they're artist development's a different level of rapper. Shit. Shit is different over there. That's a different level of rapping. You fans piss me off though. I'm not gonna hold you. Why? Because because the this, this is control again to me. This one or Joey's Shit. No, no, no. Well Joey's shit was kind of controlling Too. Yeah, I'm saying Joey's shit.


Yeah. And what happened with control was when everybody started responding because it wasn't who you wanted to hear from. It is trash. You deemed it trash off the rip. So I'm watching people. He killed this freestyle. He did. He did. Yeah. And I'm watching people because oh who is this? Who are you to say something? No nigga, I'm responding. All right you taking shots over here. I'm gonna respond back. I like that. This is rap. Yeah this is what we supposed to do. Yeah. People was mad at Joey Badass saying something. Oh because you want to hear it from certain names. You want just these names to talk. Nah, hell no. Let niggas get they shit off. Agreed. I want everybody, everybody shoot if they gonna shoot like that. Yeah, yeah. Let the rappers rap. Yeah. Can we just praise good rapping like Yeah.


Yeah. That's what it be a fuck You complain about a lack of bars. You can complain about a lack of rapping and then when niggas rap because it's not the names you want to hear from, you wanna knock it off the rip. That's ass to me it's Super ass Salute the rayvon for that. That wasn't as salute. That is not as, that is. That is nothing near as No I know Yo. And he kept going just like that. Like Yeah So two minutes Then that shit body it just like that. That nigga went crazy. I was like what the fuck? I was gonna play that shit. Trying to figure out if I want to hear Joey Badass take time out his day and respond to Ray Vaughan. Oh he Need a little bit more time outta his day that He rap as well. Yeah. Yeah. When you do that and Joey Badass can rap when you jump out like Joey Badass again, we debated it but when you jump out with the too much West Coast, Dick Lick and West Coast rappers rap at you.


Not tweet, not Instagram but rap. Yeah I do want to hear you go back. You Threw, you threw it out there. Alright nigga. I caught it and I threw it back. Now what's up? What we doing? I don't think Joey Badass lying warranted that, But Joey Badass could ignore Ray Vaughn and act like his, he's unbothered by this. I ain't saying they gotta be bothered but if I'm jumping out here with a claim, like I wanna rap what's up? He could act like Ray Vaughn ain't big enough F to respond. He could do that. I don't like, we don't like when people do that. Of course I don't. But People do it all. Of course they do it all the time. I Don dunno if he has to respond to real I'm not saying he don't have to do none of this shit. He have to Shut out.


And if somebody's gonna make me take a little more time out my day with my pen, then maybe I will ignore it and act like he's a bomb. If I know I'm have to go put my pen in the pencil sharpener. No, he need then why, why then? Why do you jump out to beginning? He need a pack of pen. Why you jump out to begin with? Well I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna do that either. No, I'm, I'm asking. Rayon is nice. Joey Badass is nice. Super nice. But for me nice. Don't mean you can dis True Ray Vaughn. I enjoyed that. Good. Dis if somebody spend all their time focused on Ray Vaughn, I'd like to hear how that sounds.


And I don't know if I want to hear Joey Badass do that right now is all I'm saying. I don't know if Joey Badass could do that, but y'all know I think that about the niggas that could rap, like rapping ain't enough. Y'all gotta show me that ring when you focus on somebody and that Yeah. That it's effective. I done been around niggas that could rap circles around circles. Around circles and dis Yeah, Nah, can't do that. Can't do that. You have a certain amount of venom in your Heart. I'm just saying as as Joey Badass, when you jump out the way you did, you gotta be, you gotta be prepared for the onslaught. And again, the west coast is feeling themselves right now. They proud they sticking together.


So it's gonna be a lot more of those. They sticking together. No, I'm just, they're And What does prepared for those mean? Just You have to expect that I'm going to get verses from niggas I might not even have thought would've replied. Yeah, because you jump out that way. It's gonna be somebody out there that hear it. It's going, it's gonna be, this ain't the only ones. It's gonna be a bunch more of these that are just gonna rap. West Coast got pride too. That that's what I'm saying. They they they, they feeling themselves right now. They having them on. Especially now though. Always Though historically. But it's higher this Yeah, For Sure. For sure. So now you went and did that. Okay cool. Be on your ass. And that's what comes with when you jump out and say something about the west tip right now.


I like it all. I Love it. That that. I Love it. Shit. No Rayon can go that nigga. And he did. He is nice. And he Did. He's nice. Sheesh. And I like when I would take a Tylenol before I would take a little something, a little Motrin before I grab my pen and pad niggas that giving me a headache. That's why I only dis Lupe when I talk sometimes back in the day. You ain't never put it in the bar. Yeah, Careful. It's gonna be a long Day play with something safe. Yeah. Why would you do that? Like you got a whole weekend of activities planned. Like what? Let me just go ahead on Shout to Lupe too. First rapper as a professor. Yes, professor at whatever he is doing.


Teaching some class at hip hop at Harvard or somewhere that I'm not allowed in. So you know. Round applause. Shout to. Yeah, For sure. For sure. Shout out to Man Clap. Ninth Wonder has been a professor before. He's been a couple other people with professor positions. So he's the first rapper. First rapper? Yeah. Which is? Which is fly. I mean that's dope. What Soulja Boy gotta say about that? Oh shit. Got Check Soldier boy can't go talking no soldier. I'm Just saying he don't, he don't like that first rapper. Shit. There's a few names. I'm glad I ain't got a nah, lemme shut up. Lemme shut up man. Because he is going pop Soldier boy gonna pop up around July And let y'all know something too. He gonna let y'all know. He Gonna pop up selling beepers.


Man that nigga was selling a game console. Yo Nigga's gonna scam. More nigga's Gonna get To it. This bank better stop texting me about people scamming. The banks must have lost a lot of money. Yeah they did. They must have lost a lot of Nigga. Lemme tell you of the money when a nigga placed the order on, on the site for a hoodie. That shit will say big ass red flag. Potential fraud. Oh shit. Yeah, chargeback possible. Oh shit. Yeah, They sick the down I Niggas get, how do they know? Look at Male Johnson. Get Down. I guess like the pattern. It gotta be some, like a pattern of activity. So person might be doing a lot of turnbacks. Yeah. Or, or or like I've, I've looked at some of 'em like the the addresses might not match shit like that.


Them niggas be on that shit and then I'll Google the address, nigga be a warehouse in the middle of nowhere. Like Yeah y'all bullshitting. You know Mel, It is Span getting they ass. Whoop. How you feel about our hostile takeover man? America, Canada. How you just, your man stepped down? Yeah. Who's her man? Justin Trudeau. That one who stepped down and did Prime Minister. Wait what? Nine year? Wait the nine years Prime Minister. Are you serious? And his father was Pierre Trudeau. Who was our prime minister. Like when I was like a kid. Pt. Pt. Wait, Justin Ade Stepped in from I didn. You Know about Justin Truda. Man, Stop. I didn't know he stepped down.


You Don't know nothing about him. I don't know who he is still. He's Canadian. Be here. Turn Justin Bieber. Get the fuck outta yo. How you feel about being part of America now? I Canada. You Don't have to worry about your green card no more. Yeah, he's good. Wait, listen, it didn't go stop It guys. The Gulf of America. The Gulf of America. We getting Greenland. None Of this is gonna, that's happen. Yeah, that's ours. We getting that one too. Trump, Trump. Trump is, Trump is Different. Trump is nuts. He's her Bermuda's ours Where both get, I'm just lying on air. I'm just lying. Now this Away. Make No please don't nigga Just make it up. Shit. He Really said Trump really said he's gonna make fucking Canada the 51st state.


The 51st state. It's A big state. That's a big fucking state. That's A big deal. Canada's bigger than the us It's Two times bigger than the US so we big state And Texas big too. Yeah. What say deep in the heart of that Shit. We already got big state. Yeah, We have a bigger one. Bigger the country. It's, It doesn't matter now. Now it's ours. They gonna have some real estate over there, You know what I mean? But No, that's crazy. Sorry, that's not they fired back. You ain't hear him fired back? Yeah, he told them over my dead body or some shit like that. No one, one of the ladies fired back and told the nigga Trump, since you won't talk shit. Yeah, we might go ahead down to California, make that the 11th province. Mm.


Second shut. Skip the whole state. Like Skip Washington, Oregon. You Went straight to Canada? No, no, she said Oregon. She said Washington. Okay, take off. She started saying other shit but she said California first. All Right. And that's why they gonna buy Canada. Yeah. Now you playing. Keep playing with them up there. They gonna head right to Hollywood C-Suite. Buy the shit outta Canada. Why was everybody in uproar? Because Trump and Obama was talking. I didn't understand that either. These motherfuckers were friends. Do do Y'all think that Trump and Obama don't talk? All the politicians are friends. Yeah, A lot of them at Jimmy Carter's funeral. Well yeah, I think the reason why is because the last time that we saw them interact with each other was when there was the transference of power and they barely fucking acknowledged each other.


Especially Melania. So yeah, They said at the transfer of power they had a really good conversation. They was laughing and joking. Well we, Who's Melania? The daughter. Trump's wife. Trump's wife weirdo. That Score. Whoa This guy. Well Oh my goodness, the Fucking Luther, I don't want ever be in no talk that involves especially Melania. What the Fuck That. Anyways, I feel like that's the reason why people just assume that him and Obama did not. And especially the fact he takes every chance he can to shit on Obama to shit on Obama. That that's the whole birtherism shit. And whatever else Man that was performative. That was for work.


It was like we sit here and shit on each other on the pot and then we go Kick. It was way before Trump even got into politics that he was starting with Obama and the Birtherism shit gotta Start early. Yeah man. Nah, Maybe that was him at the funeral. Just being like, y'all just play about that shit. Right. Yo, you know, I know you was born in Mozambique. Nigga keep it on the low Obama. Man. I fuck with Obama. I know you do. I fuck with Obama. Biden gave some more money in Ukraine. I don't know what the fuck Biden, He Biden know know the fuck he's doing. I don't know. I don, he's an autopilot. Right bro. Biden was out there talking about the fires. He's like, yeah, you know I'm saying I'm gonna help as much as we can. Yo good news, I'm a great-grandfather.


The niggas was looking at him like, yo what the damn, what the fuck are you talking about buddy? You at the firehouse. You at the firehouse. A tragedy is going on. You like, yo, good news y'all. I have agreed I just saved some money on my insurance license. Like what the fuck are you talking about? That nigga is bang zoom yo. He outta here over, he's outta here fan. No bullshit. Niggas nuts me but all them niggas is kissing cousins. Yeah, for sure. They cool. Same. They all the same game. Yeah. I'm waiting to see what happens with this fucking TikTok thing going on. Oh yeah. January 19th. So they gotta shut down. If they don't, they don't fix it. Hostile takeover. We getting the Gulf of America. TikTok, Canada, China, Canada Getting Canada, Greenland, Denmark, Greenland.


America Up Ain't gonna be, ain't gonna be up. All right. Yo fuck with these little white countries. Where will the kids dance? Fucking TikTok bro. That shit got these kids in the frenzy. You got adults in the Frenzy? Yeah. You just be driving, you'll see motherfuckers with the phone putting it up on the sidewalk. Nigga the fuck standing in the middle of the street. My wife just be on that shit. Scrolling Yos doing shit. Having a Blast. No nigga. Oh Got me and my feelings. Oh you you? No it's You was TikTok dancing? The Shay was got me in my feelings. I Thought you were saying you Was doing it. No, please. No. I seen Shay the other night.


How was it to see him? It was cool. I mean, Shay's from New York so I mean you going see him man now and then I Ran into him a couple months ago. He was like, yo, lemme come up on a pod. I was like, Slu. Nah, They asked that and you know, not at all. I put, I put, Let me answer it for you guys. Oh no, I put it on Joe. No, I put a public service announcement. Please don't ask me about the podcast. I have nothing to. Yeah, I Put it on Joe. You know my line. I just worked there bitch. I just, Hey yo fam. Nah, me too. I don't know nothing about nothing Joe embarrass nigga. Joe ain't really that fond my nigga. When you come to Joe or something, yo, this nigga say that he starts to stab at you one minute, then he walk outside like he, he make you feel bad for even asking, inquiring off the, on behalf of somebody else.


It was one nigga I asked Joe about. I ain't gonna say his name. Nigga looked at me. No, What to bring up as a guest. Even you, you've been nervous. So time. No, I'm asking. No I'm not. Never, I Haven't been nervous. It's, it's either yes or no. Hold on. I let, and I let that Twitter, that Twitter post that you liked coming at me, slide me and you good. Didn't come at you. Listen to me. Okay, let's be We on the same page. I, you know, things are starting to bother me again. I'm being a little sensitive. I let it slide because we, we locked in. But don't gimme no hearts that you gave him. What happened? Okay. Gimme some, gimme a thumbs up or something. There we go. No, what I'm saying is that sometimes people come to you, Mel and ask you to ask Joe.


They come to me, they come to everyone. I'm pretty sure people, a lot more people know you and you don't say nothing to to Joe nigga. Like do you be making a story to them like yo He said no because I don't go to Joe. If niggas ask me, I'd be like Yo, that nigga said no. No. For the most part, I've tried to redirect people to Ian. You know like I try and do the proper channel thing. There's been a one or two times where I've asked him Specifically Yeah. Personally. Got it. Got it. And he shut me the fuck down and that was it. No it wasn't it. And then you hit Ian and tried to get it off after I had already shut it down. That's hate. She don't stop. That's why I love her. She's not gonna quit like that nigga. That's what happened. I didn bother nigga. Hell yeah.


I know you talking about too. That's what's funny. Right. You know? Yeah. Anyways. Anyway, anyway. Shout. Shout out to the ster to Chickie word. Sure. Yeah. Seen him the other night after Imani went up there, got up there, started singing some Usher. How'd he do? How Imani do? He did pretty good. I had a video of it in my phone. I know you do. Come On man. My favorite thing, my favorite thing is recording y'all. No, I know. When y'all doing stuff? Nah, he did great. He did great. But then Trey songs got up there shortly after now. Oh. Oh yeah, that's the thing. Damn.


My bad Energy and the room change. It went from, oh he's pretty good to, Wow. Wow. Yeah, he, he was like, yeah, trying to talk story nigga. He said it. He said, yeah, nah, Amani started putting some ad libs on. You got it bad. I had never heard. I was like, why doing, oh Trey. Oh Tre saws like this. Oh he trying to show out. Yeah. Yeah man. Yeah. But lemme get that mic please Big brother. Move, move, move. Go back to this competition with the other. Back to See that mic. Go ahead. What's your name? Actually you can leave now. What's your name? E. EO.


Okay. Oh, I remember when you was E Major. E Minor. Gotcha. Oh, you changed your name. Oh, Okay. Alright. E. Wait, wait. Alright. No enough. What else? What else is important? Wait, what'd you say? Scissor said What? Scissor said. SISs said go ahead. She said that she wants to fill out her contract. Just two albums Left, two albums left. And lemme see if I can get the verbatim here. I she wants to make the last two albums, children's albums. I think I just wanna make peaceful children's music and get out of here then go be a farmer and donate the produce to underserved communities. Oh That tracks Travis says, man That sounds like Csar.


Yeah, for sure. Somehow I believe her. No, I believe her. I Think she's dead ass. I think she's absolutely serious. They, they gonna say cool. Make nice, nice. We like these children's albums too. Great. But you still owe us two. That has to sound like the last ones to count. Mm. Same thing with Andre. 3000 Children's. You can make whatever you want, but Just like they did with the Deluxe. No that's not a, that's not a new album. No, no. No's Deluxe. That's the deluxe. Yeah, that kinda towards that. Yeah. Is that why she renamed it to try and fulfill like an album obligation? Who Knows? I don't know. Like I said, I, I guessed even when that came out I was like maybe that was just the way she can get the new music out.


Look I got fucking small hands of soft mouth. Okay, I'm doing just what? Whoa, Shit. Like he doesn't dribble at all. He doesn't have any free throws on the season. He doesn't have any assist feel like. But he's getting threes up. That's the stuff we can't have. It's frustrating. Well I think we'll figure it out. We'll Figure it out man. Oh man. Cha The scis. Mel tell us what happened with Meg Thee Stallion getting her a restraining order. I hate that approved against our tort. I can't, I don't know shit about it. I'm sorry. I was focused on the fires this week. Okay, I can understand it.


You can understand why Mick did that. I do Father restraining order. Yeah, of course. Why the niggas in prison saying that she's afraid that he'll shoot her again and the next time she'll end up dead. Oh. I don't know about that part. I Know that. What, what are we talking about here man? Like, like you one of the niggas in jail. Like I can't answer like the nigga. The nigga dead. Nah, It's up forever. No, not just that. Let let's say hypothetically you saying shit about me, It is a restraining order. You can't say nothing. You can't do none of that. Ish. Ish. I'm, I'm surprised at you. Why It is overkill my nigga. First of all the conflicting story. She's been caught lying like it's, It is overkill now. Now like just let that shit die to me.


I'm in the exact same boat. Let that shit Go. It is Overkill. Y'all crazy As hell. A come on ice. Yo. They have it like she lied on the on the stand allegedly she lied to Gail. Right. People has come out and she haven't been condemned. Oh she has? No, she's definitely been condemned. She has, I'm sorry ma'am. She has but it's still like, it's overkill to me. It's like now you holding onto the last straw, which seems like it makes you relevant, which is the Tory Lane situation. Like you Meg Thee Stallion go make some fucking music. Go dance on top of the Empire State building or something. Do something that's gonna make us say, oh man, ask Joe put that shit on. Go, go fucking put some billboards up or something man. Like leave a nigga alone. The nigga's making albums in jail.


He fucked up. He may get deported to Canada. He can't come over, which May be not deported anymore. So You Right. Know what I'm saying? Like It is fucked up. He Home American. I don know why. I don't know why I don, I just don't understand It. When victims do that, like they take that shit to the fullest extent. Every chance I get I'm victim Is subjective. I'm sorry I It is just it. It is who side you believe and we never get into this particular And that Instance. Yeah. I don't want take away from her experience and what she's experienced but the shit looks shady from the jump when you look at it, even with the court case and he didn't go to jail for that.


But public, you know, public perception, I don't care about public perception. That's care about what It is. So now on top of that, I think that It is making it worse doing that. I think the documentary that she put out, it looked a certain way because it looked like that she orchestrated when she wanted to react to the like it's just a lot of shit. I feel like she should just let it go. Did you watch the documentary? No, but I, I read on it. Thank you for Yeah I read on it when they said that yo, when Tory lanes got found guilty was a different time than when she found out that he was guilty and it seemed like she was watching it in real time. That was something that was going around on the internet. You know what I mean? But just let that shit go. Let the nigga live. He in jail. Damn.


No I wanna make your life a living hell now. Alright, Every chance I get I'm gonna remind you what you did and I'm going to No I'm not letting it go. Got you. Okay. And that's all right. You take this, you take the civilian shit to another level. Yep, sure do. I ain't gonna lie. I fuck with you. Freeze. Hey listen you dating your civilian, you damn skinny. That shit freeze. Come on. You know your family, you have some family members in the penitentiary freeze. Imagine if somebody keep doing that to them. Like think about like Now imagine somebody what happened to her, happened to my sister or something like that though since you wanna take that angle, imagine the victim being your family member.


You right You right. Then You got me and then how you wanna do it, how you want them to proceed. But then I will respond differently from you like yeah You right the right way would be to, I mean 'cause we do see families even when niggas is on death row and like we do or up for parole, we do see families years later still go to the meetings. So I guess but I just feel like that story has so many holes in it and I agree It is what side you stand on. I just feel like she should just leave it alone Sometimes in the streets. I'm not talking about man, sometimes in the streets you leave the person alone that shot you. You can't say that nigga's crazy Why You do. Well you Leave sometimes. You know that nigga that four blocks up that shot the shit outta you over there.


Or You could act like you gonna snitch and get paid. Y'all gonna tell nigga mag's not a Street. I go, I go tap, I didn watch that. I'm not talking about, I'm not talking about how nigga I totally understand that bull, that bullshit is she doing. I totally understand it. I'm on both sides of it. I think she should leave him the fuck alone And I think that she should enforce all her rights. And I think it's gonna sound weird when we got here all of the, I haven't left my house in years and all you could kill me again. Yeah. But we know that like that's The game Niggas put. Yeah that's the game. You put the sauce on it, You put the ketchup up on the spaghetti Sauce, you put the sauce on it, you gotta do that. Oh. I'm in fear of my life every day. And I wake up with nightmare. I have nightmares every night reliving that over and over and over.


I'm traumatized forever. You gotta do that. I feel like none of the entertainers have songs hot enough for me to care about what they're doing Right now. Right. Yeah Right, right this second It is just dry out there. I don't give a fuck what y'all doing. Y'all got the slaps or what? Anybody doing all this internet and give a joint. Summertime coming. You niggas should be February. Well you gotta do the internet shit now. 'cause can't nobody put no music out. Why not? This game is fucked up right now. It's a drought in music. So now everybody's doing everything else but music Shit. This is time to strike. Really? Yeah.


Good point right now. Shit quiet Right now. Yeah, ain't outside. It's a Heavy joint ball. Safe outside. It is dry and shit outside. That's, that's why. What's his name? What? What's his name with the oh that's why that shit moving. Yeah, niggas push they album back 'cause of Lean Angelo Ball. Yeah. DeAngelo. I might swerve here I go. Yeah. Y'all better move out the way. Yeah. Better move. Huh? That shit moving that shit. Newly Angelo niggas wearing baggy jeans Again and hats Nigga. And your bowls. And your bowls. Ah man. What else? What else? What else do y'all care That the, that the Drake D The Drake DM was real. Oh my God. Word. I'm so tired.


I'm tired. Yo. The job ain't as easy as it looks. Yeah, yeah it's true. Like look, it's true. Look what we gotta come in here and do. Yeah, We didn't care when it was fake. What a word. Honestly, I don't care. I don't, I don't care. I don't, they was up last night so I'm drink dropping tonight. I ain't gonna lie. I like when niggas do that I like, I like when niggas make you think something is dropping and you sit up all night. Fucking dude those days old. Yeah, it's over those days. I'll catch it in the morning when I wake up. First thing I get up I go look. All right. None dropped. Cool. Yeah I'm not doing that. No. Ain't nothing come out last night. Not really. I don, I don't think I got a single thing. Has little Babies album grown on anybody that, that wasn't fucking with it at all.


Did y'all get a chance to hear the deluxe? Well the additional, I think it's four records. Uhm no it at the hoodie store. Mel was contacting all the cats that stuck in the fire. Just the Cats. Come on. I got home. You baby Home The cat. I got a home for you. Oh good. Always so good too. Yeah, we Love it. Vince McMahon settled the case paid that 1.7 million. Vince Mcma what Case? What was the Case? What was the case? The sex charge. He had a Challenge shit officer. Yeah, he had to pay wwe e back some money. And I think in as far as the civil case, he settled over 400,000.


Yeah. 400,000 penalty and reimbursed wwe E 1.3 million. That's a dinner to him. Aint got our light. That's my peppermint money for the week Six Playing with Vincent. Man, that's A dry cleaning dude. I was just keep playing with Vince McMahon. Yeah. Can't get the tune up for a couple months. What are you waiting for? Like you, you doing a trick like you trying to keep talking and they trying to catch me off guard. I'm on your ass As you did see say hour or two. Yeah. Let your Shit off sir. I don't know what hour we in. I don't go to work and just watch the clock. I Do. I'm not watching the fucking clock. You Know what I mean? There's a benchmark PrizePicks marks an hour. So we are in hour two. Are we Not?


Mel Mel, look at I know you want Shoot. Who survived How Ball to survive. So shoot, I made No, we gotta get a real applause for that. Come on. They was saying, they were saying hold up. Yes ma'am. Listen, only the strong survive everybody. Everybody's not strong. Everybody not built like that big male cotton and bar that is still here. Still rocking. I mean revamped the whole ideology of it. But don't stop what it stands for and what it means. No, but Little shifting direction Kids Have to say about perimenopause. What's that? What Jada kids have to say about perimenopause?


You know, we Exactly, exactly. How could you Yeah. Yeah. We edited out that question. Oh, okay. Oh, it was very thought provoking but I was just like, no, let's, let's just focus on you. Cool. It's a new direction. Fuck off. No, I'm, I listen, I wanted to strike an even trampoline. Listen, suck a dick in Parks. Okay. Alright. Whoa. Shit. I wanted to strike a nice even balance, you know, addressing both men and women's health concerns. Okay. Sexual health. Mental health. The whole nine. What's that shit called? An an androgyny. Oh, Andrew Paz. Andrew Paw.


Did you ask him about Andrew Paws? No, no, no. He, he, you talking about any of the pauses he gives me Vel, you know. Huh? What? Take that capital he gave you. Vel got J against bitch. Hey, taking off numbers through the roof after that little shit you pulled nigga is nice. My yo my podcast can't come in and tell the truth. And you tried it, honey. But look at me now. Thriving motherfucker without you just like I told you I would. Right. Duh.


Oh my God. All right. Cue up the song. All right. This this hurts. Does it It is like what mama used to tell you now. Does it, it's going to hurt you. This gonna hurt me more than It is going to hurt you. Does it chop it up? Oh lemme turn it up. Let me get the base up for this one And Take a, this one hurts. This one hurts me more than it hurts the listeners out there.


Another show has come to its finale. Another one comes to its end. We're talking about Improper Improv. One of the greatest titles ever. Queen's Flip has decided to bring Improper Improv to its end. I'm gonna mute the music and let him speak for himself, but I don't wanna be biased if I play it for you Niggas out there, I gotta play for us in here.


Thank you very much. Thank you for that. For the honesty as well. You know, 'cause I'm pretty sure the think pieces is gonna say Joe button and the Joe button network canceled Improper Improv, which was not the case. I think that, I don't want to get into any other talks, but what it comes down to is prioritizing. And I feel like I have to prioritize and focus more on, not saying Improper Improv wasn't important, but it just took a lot of work, a lot of manpower, more resources. And sometimes when you're here and there and everywhere, and if you say to Ian or the team that I want more power, it requires me to devote a lot of time to put that work in.


So that was the mistake that I might've made. Just not feeling comfortable with somebody actually leading me somewhere. So if you're ever lying on me now they, they give me a week and a half or a week. Oh, excuse me again. Excuse me sir. Damn. Am I lying sir? Sir? Like yeah, they, yeah, They give, they give me a week and a half and stuff, but I just decided that I wanted to focus on, on the podcast on the JBP and focus on some other flipping network stuff and move forward. Man. Improper Improv was a time and you know, we will revisit it when the time is right and right now it's just focusing and paying attention. Shout out to Joe. Shout out to Ian for being understanding and you know us. I don't wanna get into too much details, but don't cry.


Don't cry. Actually you can cry. Just say so. But you know what Though? I got an issue with y'all niggas though. Oh, talk to me. And my issue is that you guys use your powerful voice to shit on me a little bit too much. Never. You know what I mean? I'm happy that he played the song. But even these niggas is talking that TMZ shit called on myself. I I got a problem with y'all. Wait, Is that what did it? No, the T saying why you call tm no proper improv. No, no. Y'all really said that. It is like, it's like why y'all doing that? Like It is like y'all said that and, and I think it's unfair. I just think it's not nice. I think that that you guys do things and, and you guys don't understand how powerful your voices are. Yo, you called on yourself. Not everybody saying that nigga see to shoot yo, what's TMC phone numbers.


What's t And I had to go. It is just, it's nasty. You had to go to your saved. No, I didn't have to go to my saved nigga, but I, I did go and I had to double check 'cause now I started questioning myself and then I said, oh hold on. I had to reread my mom's text and I'm like, ah yeah these niggas are clowns but Yo, why? What is going on with you bro? What is happening? I don't know. My phone keep going off. They know you lying. You ain't, I got A question for you. What's up baby? Who? Who wrote you a speech for you? That's what I wanted to know too. Ian. Okay. God Ian put it together and said it to me. It didn't read Flip Ish until Suck My Dick or something like that. No, but I Don Didn Didn't see none of that in there. I don't, I'm Queens.


Fuck y'all. I don't, I don't wanna talk like that anymore to people though. But you know, Ian Rod even put it together and I just, I wanna thank the team. I wanna thank Joe. I just wanna thank everybody for it. It was a time man. Now I had a blast. It's yeah. Parks. You my man. I had a blast. Now was next chapter. Hey to you niggas out there, listen, it's early right now so I'm pretty sure that there's gonna be a couple of think pieces out. But you always gotta bet on yourself. See I bet on myself and because that you guys don't bet on yourself. You rely on other things to make you pop. Mm. Not saying that I didn't rely on the platform 'cause the platform is amazing and It is a part of my rebrand and It is a part of me going into different doors. But I always bet on myself. So this blow is not as detrimental as you may think.


I think that you guys count on the JBP us and our real lives for content or think pieces which could deter your identity. Like, I don't know who you are, what is your name? I don't know. So at the end of the day, you know we out here working and we out here going to the next level salute to you. And that's true. You Do have Imani spending the night. Yeah. Yeah. We do have Imani. Yeah, Imani came to my crib too. We gonna talk about that. Imani came to my crib and was disrespectful. My wife wanted you smoking in there. No, my wife, my wife wanna buy a pool table. Right. I told her no you might sell pool tables. No. Watch you talking. Come on my wife. No I watch yourself. My wife wanna to buy a pool table. I told her no.


Imani over there said, Oh yeah, that's wrong. Let her get her shit off. Let her buy a pool table. I would even help like nigga I would slap Imani in the back of his head, boy. Yeah. Don't come to my house inside with, Yeah. I can't believe Imani did. He wanted to help. Shit. Like the stove was giving. He wanted to, all of a sudden Imani iss taking out drawers to help. I'm like nigga, if you don't get the fuck outta here nigga put your shoes on and leave my home. He TaskRabbit. Yeah. All of a sudden that's how you be doing. Thank God I be there. I don't play around. Wanna come My wife she know better. But I see how you be getting niggas, women that same stupid trick. All you wanna help I can sweep. So Mel, if we gotten any, have we gotten any update from Joy Taylor? Has she made any statement about any of that Fox News stuff that's been going on?


Or has it just been quiet? I haven't seen any statements. I think it's a statement that she No, I was just reminding you of your question that you was asking, seeing if you were gonna get some going as and ask, ask it yourself. What was it? It was, Hey, has Joy Taylor given any update on her situation with her Fox sports lawsuit? Yeah, I was asking, I thought that I'd heard that she made a statement about, you know, her being included in that lawsuit. The only statement I saw her give was regarding the fires. I didn't see her say anything about the lawsuit And she was taking pictures playing. She took a lot of pictures. I heard Pictures of what?


Just Outfits and posted it. Huh. Okay. That was her or were other people posting? No, I thought it was from her page. It said that she was taking new pictures. She's not allowed to take pictures. You are. But I guess when you don't address the elephant in the room, she's just, you know, living her life. So Yeah. Some People don't address shit Sometimes. That's the best thing to do, man. Keep it, keep it pushing. Oh you don't fuck. Well her What? Alright, I'm gonna have to do some digging later. There's Nothing to dig. I, we, we've never met. I, I have to do some We've never met. I don't know her. I'm just, You could be beef without me. Y'all was digging huh?


Yeah. Y'all seem like y'all might have had y'all eyes on the same something one time or another. Some, some D Queen. Respect the Ds. Damn. It's damn dibs. Another One. They respect the dips. Damn God damn man. Shit. No, We got another list. Oh boy. Rolling Stones. Nope, it's already rolling. Boy. The great greatest albums of the 21st century. You thought the Mel list? Yeah. Yeah. I thought you guys, oh man, We good. Nah, I don't, I don't stay in, I don't get in Mel's business. Gotcha. A Mel list of what lists? He said we got another list. I thought he had, he knew some shit. No. Oh. Like a list of what?


Mm. Yeah, answer her. Yeah. I didn't bother the guy. Her numbers is up. She just, yeah. 1 0 1. Shit I just saw, I just saw the view list. Yeah. Get that nigga Mel. He ran from the last one V one. Let he did, let's See Now A list of what? What was the Last one? V one. She said a list of what bro, don't, don't. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She Still asking me the didn didn't what he was talking About. What were you inferring to? She wanted to know what you was talking about. Yeah, we off me. This about you. Yo, y'all Niggas. What'd you think the list could be about? You gonna lean into they bullshit? Yes. Yes. You leaning into they bullshit. Yes. Yeah. Now answer her Mel's Greatest hits. Oh. Oh. I didn't even mean it like that. Let's go ahead. Oh shit. And then like Can I get a sound of it? Come on now. What the Fuck That?


Holy shit man. What, what list? What's on the list? What's On the list? I'm just gonna get at the top 20. It is 250. What is this list again? The greatest albums of the 21st century. That's This century. I From 2000 to now. Yeah. To Two. Yes, yes, yes, you're right. Number 20, lady Gaga of Fame. Monster 19. Bob Dylan Love and Theft Saw Bob Dylan movie here. 18. Missy Elliot under construction 17. Adele 2116. Beyonce Self-titled 15. Lana Del Rey. Norman Fucking Rockwell.


14. The White Stripes Elephant 13 is Fiona Apple. It's a very long title. Not gonna read it. Yeah. 12 is Jay-Z, the Blueprint. Okay. 11 is DeAngelo Voodoo. Okay. Top 10. There we go. The Strokes. This is it. Bad Bunny Un varano. Sentt. Let's Go Kanye. My beautiful dark twisted Fantasy. Yep. Ss a S Os Seven Put control. But maybe at Tire. Good kid. Mad City Six Taylor Swift Folklore Five. Where are we? Number four? Outkast. Ancon.


That was this. Oh, What kind? That's 2000. Yeah. Wow. Frank Ocean, blonde Radiohead Kid A and number one is Beyonce Lemonade. Whose list is this? Wait which is why I said It is normal. Boy. They was, they was Rolling Stone. They was Smoking grass roads though. They doing a bunch of shit. What was number four? Outkast. Outkast think on. Okay, What was three? Sorry? Three Is Frank Ocean and Blonde. Are we putting that a above, above channel? Orange? I'm Not, I'm not. Some people are. The critics always seem to like blonde better. I'm, I Have to go back and listen to Blonde. I've been saying that for years. I, I have. And I like the album. But it's still a lot better than Channel Orange. It's not fucking channel one.


No fucking way. No way. It's not control. Better than S os. I agree. In terms of scissors, disco, go. I wasn't mad at the players. I, I think Take Care should definitely be in there. Oh, I mean again, I 20 Certainly 20. Yeah, it should, It should be in there. Probably top if I went up to 30 it might be in there somewhere. I just, I just read from 20 down. Yeah. I just don't think they listen to too many black artists. No. Didn't. No. Was Lemonade that good? It was a good, it Was a very good lemonade. It was a Great album. Lemonade was a popular drink And I can't lie. Still is though. Still, Still is. No, for Real. Because she dropped it as a surprise. Right? Was that the one she dropped as a surprise? It Was that was it. No, no, no. Beyonce was a surprise that came outta nowhere.


Lemonade was the one that they had the HBO special and all of that for. Oh, okay. Oh, Lemonade. When she was about to Boogie. Yeah. She Was about to The Boogie on Dude Lemonade had them chicks confused as hell when they dropped off. They was like, yo, do I leave my nigga or no? Like, what's Up? It is the one with the beach. She was on the beach or something. Right. That cool, refreshing drink. Nobody remembers that. Eddie Murphy. You know, I, I do remember that. I remember the old niggas relating to each other. Yeah. Tell us more about the seventies. The Eddie Murphy From 82. Tell us more about the Reagan era. Reagan Era shit. Hey, why Trump dis Jimmy Carter like a good guy, but because he's A piece shit. See other man is dead.


Trump said he, What'd he Say? He said fuck him. He's dead. No, he didn't say that. But he was talking about something pertaining to the deal that was made for the Gulf of Mexico, Gulf of America. And then he was like, you know It is Jimmy Carter's fault or some shit Like that. It was a Panama Canal. Dude. Pan Panama Canal. Thank you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Panama Canal. He don't know why. We don't know why he gave Panama the canal called It a disgrace. The man is dead for. He's a good guy. But why did you, you know, I don't know why he make a decision like that. I went home thinking about some shit y'all was saying. Y'all didn't feel, y'all didn't feel at all weird knowing that about Nancy Reagan?


No. No, no. Mm. Why would we feel weird about that? I don think It is Disapp point that we just know too much about people. Yes. Oh yeah. I do agree With that. You wanna know that Nancy Reagan's mouth was fired. Like why would I want to have that? And the whole room knew it too. Yeah. Ass nigga. I didn, didn didn't know it. Did you by chance happen to Google a picture of what Nancy Reagan looked like at the time that she was the throat goat? No. And why would I do that? Curiosity, you know? 'cause you have a picture of Nancy Reagan in your head and it's very, you know, the say no to drugs campaign. But back In the, might have still been a throat goat then. Yeah, I was Doing a only Rono would know that at that point.


No, she was wolf and them shuts down sober. Hell just say no. That's crazy. Fucked up. Okay. No, That is crazy though. I mean, just curiosity didn't get you like what did she look like at the Time? So you wanted to, she was like, so you go back to see if Nancy Ra Reagan was popping. She was Pretty. Amen. I'm sure Nancy Reagan was, I know a beautiful lady. Yeah. When I first heard that, I said, let me see what she looked like. Oh yeah. She was kind of, you did. I gotta ask crazy this Legit, when she was young, right? This was Trash. I'm just saying to them, Hollywood niggas, I could see them being a little, I mean if she got that her hair a little bit, she got that guw. You know what I mean? Looks like she had a strong, they gonna test that.


I wonder What the throw going. She probably, she probably used, you know, there's been a theory going around that women been giving head wrong. She probably uses the throw pause. Hold on. Back up. There's something going on on Twitter for talking about it. So The throw doesn't necessarily make it more right? No. Some women use the mouth and some women use the throw and they say, some People use the throw very wrong. You think so? Yes. When they close it like this, when they do the, They just think that that's the be all, end all. And it's not. Oh, So you like the lips too? Box. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Freak. How can a white woman be the throat golden? They don't have lips. Soft tongue. That might you.


Yeah. Me. What they say? Cheek skin. Skin Y need, y'all don't need lip with Y'all head. Oh man, this Is a y'all question. I'm I I'm, I'm Googling my, I'm Hey yo fam, there's, There's different techniques that can be employed. Particular I was trying to do a deep dive. I just, when I got home I was like, yo, the whole room knew that about Nancy Reagan and was like ecstatic to say it's just like, you know. Yeah. That's Fucked up. It's cool. Yeah, We've heard about some other people. I don't care to know all, all of this about people. Like I'm cool.


Yeah, man. What's his name? Alec Baldwin. Civil suit. Oh yeah. I didn't see it. Oh, they gonna crack him too? Oh yeah, for sure. For sure. It gotta be a constellation. Yeah. How much? Oh, I didn't see it. Let, I could pull it up. They Gonna crack him. He, he was the producer of the movie too. Even If he got, was he? Yeah, he got off on the other charges. They gonna have to level the playing field. He ain't get the criminal charges. They going to crack his fucking head on these civil charges For shit. Sure. I don't Know. No, he's the one doing it. It's his Civil. Oh, he's suing. He's suing Who he suing. I'm trying to find the Network. He's probably suing the weapons handlers or something.


Or the network something. Or it could be that. That's dope. They took a bowling. I love hearing a new hobby, boy. Oh, they got a bowling alley that is lit. That is Insane though. Actor Alec Baldwin has filed a civil, civil lawsuit for malicious prosecution and civil rights violations in the fatal shooting of a cinematographer on the set of the Western movie. Rust. The lawsuit was filed Thursday at State District court and Santa Fe, where Judge and July dismissed the charge of involuntary manslaughter against Baldwin and the death of cinematographer Helena Hutchins.


Mm Mm Baldwin also alleges defamation in the suit saying that prosecutors and investigators intentionally mishandled evidence as they pursued the case. Defendants, yada, yada, yada, yada yada. So, So who did he sue The state sound like, right? Yeah. Like he suing the state. That's what it sounds like. He Canceled Christmas on that one. Can we, I'm not mad At it though. I'm not mad at it. Defendant's name and the lawsuit includes special prosecutor Carrie Morrissey and Santa Fe. District Attorney Mary Carmac, alt wise, I'm sorry if I'm mispronouncing these names along with three investigators from the San Santa Fe County Sheriff's Office and the county Board of Commissioners.


Mm. Yeah. Now I hope he wins. That's crazy. Why? Because we keep hearing about how prosecutor's offices and law enforcement purposefully, You know what I mean? Create the Narrative Or, or mishandle shit on purpose to to, to send somebody to jail or to keep the case moving forward. So if that's the case and they purposely did that shit, I think they should be held accountable. I mean, I'm just be because the charge was dismissed against him. So I think it's just like a, it's almost like when you found guilty, you automatically file an appeal. A lot of people do. I think in this instance, because my charge was dismissed, now I'm gonna sue y'all for even charging me to begin with.


How fucking Yeah. When y'all might, should not have. And y'all had enough evidence. But I remember they talked about the Kobe trial rest in peace. And they were saying that they knew Kobe Bryant, they would never, ever, ever get past grand jury. They didn't have enough evidence to get past grand jury. Like the girl's friends testimonies and all that shit showed that he was innocent. But they said they kept the case and moving forward because the town was making so much money because all the restaurants was packed. 'cause it was media from all around the world coming there. So all the hotels was packed, all the restaurants was packed, all the cabs was getting, You know what I mean? Used that. It was just generating revenue that they led, I mean, allowed that shit to linger on for mad long. And if that's the case and y'all niggas had evidence that y'all knew could have exonerated this man to put him his family through that shit.


Y'all need to be held accountable from a professional standpoint. Y'all job is to uphold the law. Yeah. Yeah. But like, like when it, when it first hit, 'cause I, I init, I eventually agreed with what Joe was saying when he was like, he should at least be charged just because that's perceived. Like if, if, if it were you on that movie set, you're gonna be charged and then cleared, which is kind of what happened in this case. So I'm, I don't, I understand him suing just because, Hey, y'all already let me go. Y'all said it wasn't me. Now do I hope you win it? It does still sound like it's just procedure.


No, it depends on what evidence they might have had that they suppressed, potentially suppressed. Suppressed. It depends. But he didn't go to the suppression of evidence. We didn't even go to trial. I don't Care. It's true. But also it's the reputational hit that he Took you, your, your case that you just had. Right? Let's just say hypothetically it was a video showing what took place. Let's say they suppressed that video, right? You go to court, luckily by the grace of God, you beat the charges and you knew that they had a video and they purposely suppressed that video. I would be on your team to sue the fuck outta whoever suppressed that video. That video was the cut and dry for you. But let's just say they, they had the video showing that you was cut and dry, innocent.


And they suppressed it. They hid it or they, You know what I mean? Kept it outta evidence. I get it. And now you went to court and you win. You not gonna just tuck your tail and say he's fuck it. Yo, I'm gonna put it behind me 'cause I won. No nigga, I want y'all to suffer. 'cause y'all purposely did that one difference though. He didn't go to trial. Alec Baldwin. No, I'm saying no. I'm talking about, I'm talking about Alec Baldwin. It didn't make it that far. Cool. In his case, I'm with you. No, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say, well I didn't know that piece. But even if Joe didn't go to trial, let's say Joe didn't go to trial and they dismissed it and they kicked it out. Right? But you went through a year and a half of potentially not getting money, not getting jobs or taking a career hit. 'cause that that shit was long Paul, that Alec Baldwin his shit.


And now, you know, for absolute fact now in, in hindsight that they purposely made steps not to bring evidence that could have exonerated you immediately to the light. I want them niggas to be taken care of. Yo, you all public, your your decency my nigga. That's saying about Beyonce. Now, now, now I, I read a little bit more now I'm, I'm in agreeance because I'm with you. The judge threw the case out because of misconduct of police and prosecutors. So now hearing that part, Oh yeah, y'all was on bullshit y y'all was on bullshit. Yep. Y'all was on bullshit and Yeah, y violated my civil rights and everything. Y'all on.


I'm with you now. I'm with you now And no win. I gotta be on Alec Baldwin side. Alright. Alright. Cool. Big a free a go My nigga. Go, go go The fuck addict. Yeah, That's rest in peace to Elaine Hutchins for Sure. Rest in peace. Thousand percent. What else? What else? What else do we care about Naomi and Corde breaking up. It doesn't seem to be drama bond. It sounded like there was like an amicable Amicable. Yeah, She parenting situation. She put a nice statement out. Yeah. Thankful we crossed paths. We have this child, he's a great dad and that's just it.


We're going our separate ways. What are them statements before? I don't really know. To Keep the Public out your fucking business And to avoid the speculation. Yeah. Or to Yeah, that signal. Because now if somebody see him out with somebody, yeah. It becomes a thing. Yeah, that's true. If you, if they catch him out on a date, It is, oh look, he's doing this behind her back because y'all don't know what's really going on. Okay, true. And if she go out on a date, That part. Yeah, that too. That too. That too. Either one of them. But I get it now. I'm a huge fan of both. So bird, Yeah, they, they're a cute little couple. Glad Glad that they did whatever suits their happiness, baby Bringing the breakup, The whole room.


Get quiet. That's why, that's why podcasting is whack. That that right there. Because you could say something just as simple as that baby bring the breakup won't, and a room full of, but you know, you know, I'm starting to think Your joke since you said that it was a topic yesterday. He Said that Since you said that there was a topic yesterday on my space, it's pertaining that like when babies, babies do make people break up. Yeah. Because a lot of times when the woman is going through postpartum, the baby get a lot of affect, affection. A guy. 'cause a guy came up and said that a baby get a lot of affection. And my wife wasn't, you know, she wasn't paying me any attention, which caused me to cheat what he said. That's not saying it was true.


I'm just saying king. True. He said that. I swear He was wild. Yeah. He said, He said coach because he said, he said his exact words was, yo, I went and when I tried to touch my wife, she didn't want me to touch her. And then, you know, we went to the doctor and we discussed these things. No, for real, I'm no reaction. Go Ahead. And she's doing the faces again. Yeah. And not to you. Not To you. No, no. Not you. Not you. Not to you A man from spaces that Yeah, I'm just saying. But You're repeating everything he's saying. So To me, no, but he, he stated that he went to the doctor because when they tried to have sex again, it was hurt. It, it hurt. So the doctor said, give it a couple of months, but she said that the whole dynamic changed. The baby was getting more attention to him, more love than with postpartum.


He said that it went out there and cheated and the course for him to break up. Imagine what Do you have to say to that man? Imagine a newborn needing his mother's attention. Like imagine that It's fucking weird, right? It's crazy. It is fucking nuts. It is crazy. No, I agree with You. The baby sha feel f for itself so you can take care of your Man, right? Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Yo Little nigga, go get the bottle. The bottle right there. Crawl to the bottle. You be all right. That being sarcastic? Yeah, A little bit. Not me. Just put everything that the little nigga need in the, in the thing, In the bassinet. And let a fend for himself. Man, You The thing. The baby jail. The the baby Jail.


The pen. The pen. Put the milk in there. She Got. She got a fist. She got a fist. She's like, this, it, It is cold. It's chilly. Oh It is really? Well, yeah. You guys aren't like hoodies and shit after baby is born. Of course man, you gonna pay attention to the baby. But you know some people find the Stand on his helmet, yo. Let it go. I the perfect time to go cheat. Bitch, you should have your hand full. She occupied already. You should. Why? You know what I'm doing? You should be pretty occupied with our child. Ain't my baby hungry or something? Why? You know what? I'm out here doing the fuck outta Here. I'm not dying on this hill. I'm just saying outta I saved It. Is I just Saying stable.


Don't die on the hill from your man's Spaces. No. No I don't. I won't die on that hill. Don't do it. But you know, salute, salute some of us. Some of us go in right after I didn forget it still. Yeah. You know me. Don't wait till six weeks. Never. Not me. You Back. You back in there In the hospital. Hey, how do you feel Say in the hospital you quit right now. I would totally understand if she just got off and said, you know what? I have the culture, the culture of the slave. This is toxic. I'm out. If she quit, then you notice there's some, some shit free up. Oh my God.


And who would you have sit right here, motherfucker. Who do you have somebody in mind. Never. Nobody could take that spot. Okay. And just so we clear, I've been looking at some different types of houses on Zillow. So one of y'all leaving don't mean somebody's coming to fill that spot. I'm, it just means, it means, it means she get a taxes A little steep Around some of these areas. Now. Go idiot. We brought, we brought gang back. One more Rah. One more Hoorah. Taxes Brought it back. Yo. Taxes a, a high, some of these areas.


Oh shit, yo. Yeah I been, I've been doing the math. You know if I free up. Some of you Niggas don't shit. No Windows cost don't start. Don't start that shit yo. Let it go. I'm just saying man. Some of you niggas get me right close to that where I need to be. Oh man. Corey, look at your man Corey trying at your man. Free housing, free calls. Look at your man. Get outta here Corey. I'm looking at $10 million shit in Inglewood buddy. Woo. Oh man. Wow. And I could spin it too to say, hey, It is just the original cast again.


Me is Marks. I'm working a ways to try to figure it out. I'm hoping The Matrix like man how can I spin this motherfucker? And I'm joking. Of course. Shit. He thought About it. He so did. Of course I'm joking. Who can I get rid of first? Well flip. Nah man. No it's all right. I want to call J Warren but this Zillow shit. Yo, how are we looking? Huh? How Is it looking? Because I know you, you, you, you don't play when it comes to shit like that. That niggas move like Sonic Zillow looking Zi look nice. I'm in there just typing on types of bullshit shit.


Yo. If you could zizi and just have an imagination with that little advanced I'm contain search, I'm gonna tell you what not to do because it'll fuck you up. He's right. Don't pull that shit up on the TV dog. Oh. Oh you too late. You Sure that shit look good. You too late. Yeah, go. You too late. Nah, I was gonna send you some shit the other day. You pull a Zillow up on the tv, you ready to do so it dumb. It was nice though. It was like hold, it was only like 4.5. But why didn't you, he stayed out Ven. Nah, I'm moving around bro. He was at Home Depot. Procrastinator do nothing that he want to do. No, I was, I know some nice shit. I was gonna say Some nice shit in over there in the area you talking About? Nah, it was in Franklin Lakes. It was nice though. How far is that? Some Good shit in Franklin Lakes. But I don't know if I could live out there, shit.


Where? I don't know. Where Is that? I didn know that Franklin Lakes is, that's up a little bit. Mm that's not west. 25 minutes from here. Ain't no fucking 25 minutes. It's not that far Is it? Oh, Saturday 8:00 AM No It's not that far. When you, when you drive, it ain't that far. I don't know. Where's Franklin Lakes? Is it before total past? No, it's past. It is north. It is a different direction though. Look, It's different. All right. I'm done with you niggas different direction. I don't use them highways, you and Cory use. Oh No, no, no, no, no. I'm thinking something else. Franklin Lakes is so It is that three, It is three or four Different. Franklin they used the highways that none of the tax people dollars go to. So the roads, they used the shit without the 1 22 they used? No they used the twenties, they used the no 23.


Like I'm not 23. The Newark nigga highways. Yeah. 17 is another one I get on here sometimes. I fought Inglewood Though. Niggas use that 21 though. What you want Really 10 minutes? Yeah, it's Inglewood ain't 20 minutes. This out 10 minutes. I need to hit the lotto. Boy Did Eddie Murphy live Inglewood. That billion dollar lotto shit still out or wherever it was at. No hit California. Yeah Cali To hit that shit. It is back at two on some change though. Huh? It's back two on some? Yeah, it's back at two on change. Like two What? A hundred million. Oh yeah. Okay. Shit, that'll do it. That'll gotta get it done right there. That'll get it done. That'll get me what I need. Need to do now. You stupid yo. That'll get it done. I don't like this shit that's in like my price range.


That's always the problem ain't it? Such as luck. Shouldn, Your price range be trash. Yeah you go look The next one up you be like oh Fuck That one is right here. Gotta figure out how to double my income fast. Start scamming By March. I ain't gonna lie. You another crib. Nigga might stay in there nigga. I Don't give a fuck. I'm in there. You're, I get the crib I'm looking at shit. Yeah, we all gonna stay in there. Take it back in the day. We'll cancel quite a few things here. Roommates is back. Oh shit. That's anybody out there with roommates man. Yeah that's everybody now.


I was getting ready to say there's a lot. That's everybody. A lot of people's people get more downgrading. No, I'm not joking no more. Once I've seen that congestive price and shit, I'm done with the jokes. It is not funny. It ain't funny, bad It ain't, It is bad. Niggas ain't having $9 but I wasn't joking. Yeah, you're idiots huh? No that is crazy. Ah, now you're doing the science. That is why Improper got canceled. That's true. Shit. Congested pricing. Yeah you had to go through seven Tolls to get where that shit was at. Oh man.


I don't, I don't think there's nothing else important going on. What about the Twitch boss wife? Yeah, we can save it. We can save it for Patreon. Okay, got you. Oh look at it. Send me something. Go ahead Uhoh. Lemme see what H think my style is. That's just one Franklin legs. I got some more coming. This Ain't 4.5 nigga. 5.3. That ain't four point 0.5 on the Zillow. Shit. You gotta be right there. Specific. Yeah, you gotta be Don't round up. No sir. This is a nice house though. This is nice for five three. Oh yeah It is.


Got some shit. Let's go Ish. Let's Go Ish. Look at Ish. She send me something else. All Look at the next one. She All right. Listen. Look, she Twitch Boston. His wife will argue about on Patreon. Patreon, Paton. Got it. What does that say right there? Somebody divorced. Chance, final Chance Divorce, final Jeezy. Divorce Final. I don't care. Oh Jeezy divorce is final. That's What Ice told me. If there's no, if there's no music, you still in Prepro. You said G Chance? I said Chance. Chance is Divorce was final. I don't know nothing about Gigi's divorce. And they said it went pretty quick. Yeah, it was quick. And I Hope jeez get this shit finalized soon then. And that's that.


I don't care when none other shit. Ain't no music going on. Ain't shit. Ain't shit popping. It's over. Nope, nope. Future and Lil Baby and all 'em niggas was in Starless the other night throwing that Bag too. And they was in, they was In Harlem too and Jim and yeah. What's going on? You Got any predictions for the playoffs? A whole good, good game tonight too. College good game tonight. By the time they hearing And this is over? Yeah. Predictions for the games. Bills. Broncos. Bills. Bills. I think Broncos could upset him. But I don so I'm going Bill, I'm going Bills. I think so too. The Broncos got a good ass. I think the Bill's gonna make it. I'm going Bills for sure. Ravens, Steelers, Ravens, Raven Steelers.


Ravens Naturally Texans. Chargers. Chargers. Chargers. Chargers, Eagles, Packers. That's the one I don't know about Eagles. I think the Eagles gonna GOs but I think it could be a Eagles. It is. How healthy is Joy? Low? I wouldn't say a hundred percent but Jalen Hurtz isn't either. He's coming off the concussion shit. I assume Jalen Hurtz is playing? I think so. Jalen Hurtz is more. I saw something that said AJ Brown didn't practice. Maybe. Yeah, I don't know. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what that means. That that matters. Bucks Commanders. Commanders commanders. Damn. That's a good game. That's A good game game bro. It is a good game bro. That's a good game. That's Sunday game Bro. Game. When is that game? I don have the schedule Game. That is game really good.


Game game. That's the game. And not for nothing. I got command I For the last two years, niggas really haven't been giving that boy his props like he deserved Baker. Baker? Yeah. And Parks. AJ Brown practiced today and said he's good to go. That is Sunday at 8:00 PM Yeah. Yep. That matters. The NFL they y'all smart. That Matters. Y'all smart Sunday at 8:00 PM That's nice. That's a nice time for that game. And then Vikings Rams, I got Vikings. I think Vikings go. No Lion's going to the Super Bowl. I Got the Rams. I think I wanna see them go head Up. I got the Vikings but I'm rooting for the Rams. I root for the Rams. I'm always rooting for the underdogs.


But Vikings, I Like Matt Stafford and Puka and Kyron and Cooper. Is Pookah playing Playing Puka? Yeah, pukas playing. I just said that like I know S cool. I don't know nothing but I assume that he's playing. I'm gonna go Commanders in that game. But I wouldn't be mad if the Bucks won. Yo, The bucks is tough bro. I like the Bucks. We ain't been giving that boy his props. I'm telling you. I think the bucks are banged up. They are a little bit, I Think the bucks are Banged up. I think Yo honestly at this point in the season dog, Everybody's bang up. Everybody's Fucked up. That's that's true Everybody. Yeah. But some, some teams will be affected by the, these things more than others. That's true. This gonna be a big weekend on Prospects.


Yo. JBPP. That's cold. Just In case. Case you forgot. Please. This will be a great weekend for you guys to do that. I don't normally remind y'all of that at the end, but Parks red them games off. It's gonna be tough. I could, I see niggas pulling them phones out And I could see the bookies cracking niggas. I could see my father getting cracked. Nigga I got cracked. I'm Chilling for a little bit. Man They got, they lick back. For real. You you gave pop your prospects shit. No. Hell no. I ain't getting popping. Let me have it all my, you got His own shit. No, not at all To Toss that over here man.


I'm not tossing anything that's cool anywhere. You guys all right. Y'all have some PrizePicks. Got y'all niggas in the joke. I ain't gonna hold you. They got me. I'm gonna keep it a buck. I'll be up in the morning like this. I don't even want to think about how much money they about to make this weekend. Ooh you know who you know who you got. You know who funny as hell with, with all of the, the sports plays and stuff. 42 dog. He getting his ass whooped and he just tweet about it all the time. Cursing out players going the fuck off. You bum ass nigga. You just cost me a bunch. Like yo, this shit is hilarious. Who we gotta deal with?


Yeah. Yeah I'll do that too. I be cursing them niggas out there gave me some Spanky. Next pod we'll get back into part of the show. We'll get back into part of the show. I'm sure it's some interesting and exciting things. Yeah I'm sure in there. They Need our expertise For now. We can get into sleepers. We can get into sleepers. Yeah we did all of that shit up there. Yeah, Get it Slow Newsweek man. But keep your eyes tuned to Glued to the weekend. Yeah, for sure. Something will happen. What am I playing? I am playing K CAMP. K CAMP featuring Ja. Yeah It is old Oldie but goody.


Oh okay. Oldie but goodie. This record is called What's on your Mind? The playlist. The playlist. Alright I'll turn the gun. Yeah it be the volume S On Your Mind.


Wait, Why you tripping on the hole I ain't seen before? Let's be real. I You and I bitch more. You think and you bitch week. Why you wanna sorry let you tired. Call me Night. That's save you time.


S On your mind. S On Your Mind. On What's on your mind. Tell me what's wrong baby. Tell me what happened. We been so long. That don't mean that We on you know who you know who you.


I slipped up. You demand doing my best Rewind.


Move it out on them niggas. K CAMP. Hey gimme a little cookie monster. That is brand new old music from K CAMP featuring Ja. And that record is called What's on Your Mind Biden.


Alright, I'm gonna go on to Memphis. This is Statues by Don Trip. Let's go Don Neil. I sound Like, I sound like I should like have my Jerry Glycan or some shit. Right, Right, right. Go buy me some chain. All right, stand on it if you ain't scared, say it to my face. Don't say it in the air. If ain't about no money, never mine. I don't care 'cause I already got enough problems to share.


I already got enough problems. I need help. But I know I'm stubborn so I have to help myself. And these days time ain't the only thing that tells y'all turn into podcasts is when you can't make bail. I never cut corners and I used to sell squares, touch more bows in the arms on the chair. Yeah, yeah, yeah nigga. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Fuck yeah. I am a machine but I'm beyond repair what goes around and coming back around. I'm aware but I get away smooth like nail and I keep the hammer step around to get nailed when it's so dope. Dude, you coulda got it there. Well could I got my scale. We both know where I'm headed to if all else fails.


But on the bright side I'm ecstatic to be here. Picture me trading places with you. I wouldn't dare stand on it if you ain't scared. Say it to my face. Don't say it in the air. If ain't buy no money, never mind don't care because I already got enough problems to share. I already got too many problems to address. I'm such a businessman. Glock nine on my desk with my fine as white by the tear out her dress. If the devil wears pride, oh my god. Bless somebody called it clean up crew. I made a mess with my vampire empire coming at you next. Gimme everything I earn outta separate. Nothing less. I be studying for my babies. I'm not worried about my ex.


Stand on it. If you ain't scared, say it to my face. Don't say it in the air. If you ain't buy no money, never mind. I don't care. I already got enough problems to She ain. Ain't no money never mine. I don't care. I already got enough problem. I already got enough problem. I'm proud of shit. And that was Statues by Don Trip off of his new project Christopher, season four.


All right, I'm gonna the west coast. This is some new Daylyt. How you What's happen? Yeah, Mama said be nice to him. My demeanor going right through him. Credit line to the max, we over stacking dope on my arm. We came for capital. I stumbled on crowns. I wake up town another bad by the way. Break up clouds. I clear smoke globally. I'm from the era where the scary niggas sit back with this wrap. So who controlling me?


My clock set the west Tom. But I'm in Brooklyn with the best of the dimes. Like sure I'm one of the best in your city. I made a lot of niggas rest in this city. I left my mind there. They should put a statue of me in square And I did it for they side too. Wake up in the morning. I say Hiyu, okay, chopped cheese, fresh butters la hat and Soho with my brother. Soul told me it's another road. You gotta go east. Tackle the beast. I went east to actually feast and came back with 800 K And I said he couldn't do it because it's battle rep.


Okay. I fought my first mansion with a battle check. Okay? Two commas around. I let my talent show. Okay? I told you niggas I am not the average. Okay. To my niggas out in Harlem. Thanks for all that you Joey to the niggas over the bridge. We tell them don't be dumb. To the uptown, to the downtown, to the midtown. I love y'all west up, but I never dub y'all real from the side. We, And I did it for they side too. Wake up in the morning and I say Hiyu, okay you boys had years to show you the best clear. Now it's people in your class that they consider your pierce must be the bridge that's making these niggas showboat.


First week sales mean nothing to the flow goat. Five years later, two diamonds off pure rhyming never made a drill track. I never went with the climate, never followed any trends. 'cause I understood the assignment I selling for five KA piece. 10 K if I signed it. They said life could be the best if he had the numbers. Well guess what nigga? I got the numbers. It's time for you block the slumber they want to call now I blocked the number. You blizzard niggas. We'll squash the tundra hunger. I'm in the city where the sun shine clearly. And I mean that. I hope you niggas hear me if you don't departed off of some shit that y'all started. Yeah, we cool but the still Rie Be humble As Daylyt.


Hiyu again. More joy, badass. Retaliation News Joe. Biden. It's hard though. Shot the Daylyt Joey. They on your ass B boy. Yeah, that's a couple. That's that's that's another one that it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a headache. Need little Tylenol. I would ignore Daylyt too. Yeah. Inch shot to the whole LA area again You niggas. That's nice. Nice. Nope, I'm enjoying my weekend. I'm not concentrating on y'all. You're too talented. So I will dismiss you and try to demean you to my audience. I know that, that that route gets a lot of fucking slack and flack.


But sometimes you gotta do it man. Pretty effective. Shit works. I'm going to KWN song is called Worse Behavior. I wonder what happened to my volume. It went away. The volume not on it, on the effects. Shit. I up unexpected. She's excited Skin the see you, but we got our own.


We on. She Ain.


She says out out. Oh I got fucking small hands, soft mouth.


Okay, I'm doing just my fucking life. Whoa. Shit. What happened? It is KWN worst behavior. That was hard. That was crazy when that came out. November. Oh recently. That's crazy right there. Yeah. That's hard. I ain't gonna lie. I'm about to purchase that. Alright man, he beat you. I see why you got to sleep a championship you nigga. I'm ignoring you 'cause you're trying to start beef. I'm gonna throw water on you. You trying to start beef? Yo. I don wanna make sure No I'm not okay. I'm not. I think you deserved it last year. Okay? I do. How come when I'm supportive of people that don't believe me.


You be sound shady sometimes I wanna work on that. Mm. Mel what are you playing Mel? LLLI Got, I'm gonna fucking you in your face. Soft mouth. Okay? I'm doing just, Oh Yeah. I said whoa, whoa. Lady Virgin. We shocked Man. We was shocked. What you doing lady? Oh okay. Mine is called Get Along Better by Ebony Riley. Hold on, Hold on, hold on.


Don't talk about flip this and kill him. Supposed I need some help. Just like try See that and wrong said fell.


You said you fell. Have don't say That is Ebony Riley.


Look, look I got fucking small hands of soft now. I like this one. Okay, I'm doing just mine. Whoa. I can't remember where I first heard it, but I like this one. If you don't say it, it cannot become a drop. Okay. I'm fine with the drop. So then what did he, he's Always trying to take credit for my shit. You my son. That's Oh, for the sleeper? Yeah. No, no, no. I didn't play that song. Okay. I'm just saying I don't remember who put me onto that record. But somebody did. We, our tastes are aligned sometimes. Okay.


You were right. Parks. He, he does sometimes when the compliment it does come off as shade sometimes, Then I need to work on that. Okay. Because I don't want the people that I love most in the world feeling like I'm being shady toward them. Oh Come on. Okay. I accept that. I'm serious. I received that. I'm incomplete without y'all shady nigga. Stop. God bro. You just say shit. Are you gonna tell me when I'm incomplete? You right. Incomplete. I think I'm complete right Now. You right, You right, You right. No, you are complete. You're right Cisco. Well now You not Niggas got, I'm not, I'm not complete without y'all. That don't work. And that's serious. That doesn't work no more nigga. It Don't work. You be shooting the same nigga. You go for the same vagina, you go for the same shoot load.


He shoot the same load too much. Oh, you gonna Say it again? Yeah, but as you know I don't pause the nigga like come on nigga. Find new lines. You trying to get your drop too? Nah, hell no. I don't want no drop. Flip got away from Mark now. Yeah, you and Mark gotta get y'all shit together. Oh me, Malcolm, myself. Oh yeah, it's cool. Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm excited. What you say? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You know And I mean, not that I'm speaking for Mel. I don't think that she wants this to be her drop. I think she still wants a drop. I mean, a lot of times, you know we, we can't stop the, I'm just happy to be here. Yeah, look, yo, you got the got the raise my nigga.


You got it? Yo. Yo you not, yo, listen, you good. I ain't gonna lie. Yo. Your old play, I gotta learn from you nigga. I'll shoot, I'll blow the whole building down. Niggas just try to walk up. Blow gonna go this. We going together. Boom. Mel, don't try to go outside nigga. I'm gonna hold You right in the building with us. Man. I, I may let Corey escape because I, I need real niggas like that to talk for me on my behalf. S like whatever. Yeah. All right. Another one in the books.


Keep Us In your prayer. You Right man. Y'all Are down this weekend. Hey, Ain't nobody doing nothing fun this weekend. We watched has it come to that point where none of us is lit? I'm going outta town. Me Too. Where you going? Where y'all going? I'm going Upstate. Nothing exciting.


My man's opening his weed store so. Alright. Shot To Zeke. It's very hip hop of you. Where you going now? Where you going? Where you going man? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Just gonna go handle some business. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Back in the day songs had mean right. Yeah. Pop, I'm still standing. This shit could relate to everybody. Niggas was the press back there look Some weekend business. Yes. Yeah, you gotta show that nigga It's cold out there. You gotta show We shit. What's that fucking wait before, before you go Shit like that.


You, you shooting a pot out town. No nigga out her business nigga. You talking about me get out business. No, I'm not enough Nigga. Yeah, but you take it too far. I mean no, you know you Be leaving me on the hill. You go too far. Could You gimme the look? Look at my questions. Hey, are you doing your pod out of town? That's a very normal, we'll Be in sync and you leave me on the head. That's fucked. You'll say I can't even say what. I think You would say. Hey yo Joe. Be like, yo nigga, we gonna rob the bank together. Get ahead. I'll be right behind you nigga. We walk together nigga make a turn. I'm going, you motherfuckers move Joey. He, he gimme a look all the time like this. So I go and then he turn, he turned his head that way Because she can't even lie.


Right. Ain't no business, no PO business happening this weekend. She going look that she doing Better. Keep you're fucked up buddy. Oh you weren't here when she said yeah you wasn't here. Oh my god. We talking about a patriarch. Yeah, You Right nigga it. Corey, Just tell me what she said. I won't say a word until Patreon. She said That dude's Facebook was hacked. That's Can we wrap this the fuck up dup you?


What? She said you guys got duped? I said Mel, Facebook. Got it. Are we going to wrap this, this up? Y'all got tricked. Y'all always believe in something. We got dup. Y'all always believe in something that's fake. Like I'm with my sister. Man y'all got tricked again from your algorithms duped Mel. She said that. Huh? Played the song and she stood On. I promise it. Take us the fuck outta Here. We are outta here. But for real I provided evidence. She provided screenshots.


Luke, stop. I got a hood today. Yo, I'm trying to say I miss my days of having a nice door mat around. Oh my God. Man Joe. My god. You'd be so shocked. Like That works. I got all of y'all. Listen, I'm gonna, I'll poison fucking water supply in here. Dover. Yo. A dumb ass cop. You know what I'm saying? Had me outside for two hours. Yo. Yo son. He be like, That shit works.


Yo, keep us in your prayers. Are you okay? Especially yo That bitch. The police right here. You wanna talk to officer? Yo? Oh damn. He shut the door. Oh damn. He shut the door yo. Keep us in your fridge. Lord knows each of us individually and as a collective need to be right there. Oh man. Again, we are sending our heartfelt prayers out to everybody in la. Yeah. Dealing with that fucking catastrophe out there. Oh my lord. Oh Man. All I can say is I'm praying for y'all man. I hope that everybody's all right until next time I bid you a new farewell.


Ariba Deje. Adios. RYI don't remember man, pastor. So I don't remember. Whatever I want to get to that y'all were dude, we yo, until next time. Hold it down next week. Same time. Maybe even same place. We we. Thanks. We gotta see. Who knows. We gotta see. Oh man again. Rest. Peace on Phyllis man. I love you. There's some pizza off Phyllis. I don't think there's anything else I need to get off. Y'all are the best crew in the world man. What would we do without, now I'm starting t-shirts.


This you not making fire the the fire hoodies. You're not making no hoodies to support the fires Fucking like you did for breast cancer awareness month. Nah, I lead that to the JV P I'm not doing that. J p's not doing that. We didn't do breast cancer awareness. Hoodies. No. Y don't care about the people with breast Cancer. That's what that means. Right, nigga. What? You made off that breast cancer hoodie? No serious Nigga. Talk about it. You got 'em. You got 'em. You got 'em already. Alright. It's only but so much teasing in my colds. I can do. We have 10 seconds left in the beat and I promise I'm not gonna talk anymore.


It's over. Hmm. It is so tough man. It is tough though, right? It Is. Wait now, but my last question until Patreon. Oh My god. Did he volunteer that or did she ask again? Did he volunteer that or was he asked? And then I'm ending with my last and final drop. You can say it. You can say, you asked him What should Drop.


You can say it. Yo. What the fuck was up with that post buddy? Hey pal. He The fuck was up with that the other day. The liar drops still on there. What you trying to say? I was asking. Ask a question. I don't, I don, I don't know what drops he has. Okay. He ain't just come out the blue with it. You think he just came out the blue and got it off? Or was he Hey pal. I seen something the other day thought what was up with that? It ain't, it ain't go like that either. It was some boys. Oh, y'all know the story. No, I don't know nothing. I don't like that her man and Ian have the same voice. Do. No, that was Mel's voice. Alright. I don like, hey man, I was on Facebook with the other day.


I seen some, what was up with that? Let's run something by you. I want to run something by you, Mel. All No Patreon. Paton. Paton. I'm doing it. I'm doing it would die without jumping Mel with shit. Biden. JPJP without the jbp. Look, I got fucking small hands of soft mouth. Okay. I'm doing just, whoa. Shit bro.


Let it up. Let's get.