
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Oh, audience. Wait till I tell You. Hey. Yes sir.


Yo, yo, yo yo. Yes Sir. Ski, Welcome back. Freeze. Good morning. It was good to be back, man. Good morning or good evening, depending on when you're listening to this broadcast. So happy to be here. Big freeze in the building. I'm Back man. Y'all. Yo back. Yo. I gotta say, man, y'all, I watched clips. Y'all was having way too much fun. Oh, you didn't watch that episode? You didn't fuck with us that much. No, I was hating. Oh, okay. Some niggas having fun. I wanted to see y'all depressed. Like, damn son. Yo. I wanted to see the ball dropped a couple times, right? They are. I'm looking at Parks sitting here. I Alright. Let y'all get the fuck back to work. Niggas was having a blast while you was gone. Yeah. I Ain't like that. That's some bullshit. I told him about it too. I did tell him about it.


I was crying inside. 'cause I missed you. Well, I'm glad to be back. I missed y'all. For real. We missed you. Your presence was definitely missed. For Sure. Glad Everyone who wasn't here is presence was missed. That's true. That's True. Such as today. Melon is here with us in spirit. Indeed. To both of them. We love y'all. Prayer prayers to them both. Prayers to Corey as well. Who's not here with us. We love you. Love it. Corey, our brother in Christ. Indeed. Universe. Universe. Or or Universe. Universe. Yeah. You know Corey? Don't believe in all that. So yeah. Now what we were saying before we cut the mic on and now the mic is on. This is why you can't just rush out there and defend black people.


And I told y'all this when y'all was running around yelling, free him and free him and free him to people that I didn't necessarily think should be free. Or maybe, maybe, maybe. I mean, it should have been under review. Yeah. Maybe. Let's just hear everything out. Yeah. We Need, we needed to get both sides. Hey a, a few of them niggas that y'all was putting on, eh, I Won't go there. Yeah. But our good brother Mark revealed, revealed quite the revelation. Yeah, Sure did. It, it It is not that revelatory. It says You Right.


Well let them let them know what you did. No, what happened was when, when Shannon sharp, when the first information came out, and I saw that it was this, the accusation was came, was coming from somebody who was represented by, what's his name, Busby by Busby. And I saw all the other bullshit that happened with Busby. I assume this was just another celebrity shake that I tend to believe people when they say something happened to him except for when Busby's involved. Got it. Fair. So I hit Shannon up like, you know, just checking on you. You know, let me know how I can support you. Did he respond? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And as each Deal, nigga, you still in. You ain't Shannon, you still on the phone, you back there responding.


Are you crazy? But this was still Shannon sharp. No, this is Monday. A phone should be kryptonite to you. Like getting shit Shannon sharp. You shouldn't be looking at a phone saying phone saying nothing rhyme with phone. Never. Nevertheless hitting people back in the D Oh my Lord. Yeah. So, you know, as each day went by, I was like, I really wish I hadn't sent that. Really wish I hadn't sent that. Yeah. And the more we gonna talk about it, but the more info that came out, I'm like, I am never supporting a black person again on this shit. Or no person, not black person, a person. Again, I just only tend to send this shit to black people. You gotta support black people. You just can't rush. You gotta wait a minute. Yeah. You gotta give it a second. Gotta stay quiet for a little bit. Let it let us sit because we go, because we know us.


We ain't gonna tell you the whole story up front. We know our shit. We don't, we don't do that. Because when I went home and got to thinking, Listen, the first album of this shit, we kicking Shannon's backing. Whoa. That's my position anyway. Let, let not speak for my cast. No other way to do it. But when I went home after the last pod and was alone when my baby was there, I love you baby. But that's the same shit. And just got to thinking a little bit like jogging my memory. I said, holy pig feeding pork chops. Batman. How the fuck did I not piece this shit together from ages ago? Could you see certain shit as a media head and be like, Hmm.


Mental note. Just keep it pushing mind your business. That's the other thing black people do. Well, we mind our business. We see something now we look out the little screen door. Look out the window people. But Shannon, Shannon had a run where it was a lot of female g female guests and I guess the gay rumors were going around. Yeah. And there was a chatter about the way he would take pictures with women. Mm. That was at least a six, seven month stretch. And ain't nobody said nothing because we just assume that, you know, beard.


Go Go ahead nigga. Take a look for your picture. Do you think we know? Go ahead babe. Go, go ahead. Go ahead boy. And then you listen to him a few times on with Chad. Shout to Chad friend of the show here. Nightcap. Yeah. And you just hear how he would speak when it came to certain and it's like, oh, you one of them old Alabama football freaky boys and now you can get shit off you. One of them niggas that used to be behind the barn, nigga. Yeah. Unleashing aggression. Then I remember he is a football player. Oh shit. I'm sitting here thinking he is a fucking media guy. Yeah. No, he a football player.


Turn That one. Yes. Wow. This guy. He ain't shit man. That was solid. I want to halfway support him though. But I do think he gonna bullshit. I think this one of times where I think everything is true. I think everything that's being said about him. Well, lemme ask, say that. I think a lot of the shit she's saying is probably true. And I think everything he's saying is true too. I, and I think it's a big mess. And they deserve each other. That's, that's my gut reaction to this. They Deserve each other. That's anti-black. It might be. I'm just, I'm To say they deserve each other's anti-black. But I mean, I get, I get everything in your life you will to be there.


So I understand what you're saying. Yeah. Like why are you playing with this little, that's the other thing we gotta talk about. Alright. I'm gonna start this spot. Yeah. Yeah. How's everybody doing? Great man. Great. I know it's some of y'all niggas out there that, that like younger girls, but it still can't be a mid pack. Like well that's, there's a lot wrong here. Yeah, but she's too young. Let's get into It and Nigga her, I gotta host cereal night. I, I I think I'm with you. Yeah, yeah. We with you here. Let's get it popping. Man. He was in that room throwing that little white bitch against every what?


Yo, they was having that masochist wild BDSM nigga. Get over here. Lo bow, come back to fucking master daddy. He, what? Am I going to our house? No, no, no, no. Just intro. Yeah. Just, Just, yeah. Let, let's intro, Let's, let's, let's, let's hear some Saturday morning tunes. You know what I mean? There we go. After that. There we go. Mike Shank. 1, 2, 1 2, 1, 2, go.


You know what I mean? So blessed and happy to be here with y'all. Indeed. God put breath in our lungs this morning. All praise due to him. I mean, shout to wherever you might be listening from all the first and last time. Listeners shout to the Hey listeners, I love y'all. I love y'all. Shout to the subgroups out patrons. Always for the ladies. Always for the Ladies. Come on. Shout after my niggas out there in the car right now. Dirty cars too. Hey, Good time for a car wash.


Great time. Get The pallet off your hood. You know what I mean? My, I was tight. My shit looks bad. I was tight Nigga. My girl went to drive and sent me a picture of how the birds had a party on my shit. That's how, that's how ill the bird, the birds was jamming on my shit. That's Sick. I'd be sicking if 300,000, $400,000 automobile with bird shit all over it. Oh man. Go ahead and get it Clean big mama. Bring it back to daddy. Air freshness too. Come on now. Come on man. Put the air freshness in there. Shout all the love out there.


It is the weakest Shout the niggas outside. Hey. You know what I mean? Some niggas woke up, got doing the dishes this morning. Hey, I heard that rumor Room Rumors. Watching y'all niggas out. You better be gamble. Some niggas woke up, got to picking up the clothes on the floor from a wild Friday night. Went in the bathroom, start getting the pine saw out. I mean, Look at all the beer bottles and whiskey bottles on the counter with regret. Yeah. Cleared up.


Your girl. Stealing the best snoring, not doing shit. Shout to you. Here he goes. Hey, all the parents out there. And the kids and the kids. This is a children's show. This is a children's show. Shout to all executives out there listening. All the politicians, all the musicians, all the teachers, all the poster workers it up right now.


Hey, If you woke up and you got That alcoholic Beverage next to your bed today, you doing too much. You doing too much? And and They're gonna finish it. Yeah. Wake up and chase That down. That's just the worst. You wake up and you're like, oh, why bring this to bed with? I still drink it though. No's gonna waste. You gotta right there. It was from last night. You jumpstart your Hey.


Yeah, Man, to try to get You right This morning. I to try to get You right out there. Hey, I, Yeah man. Big flip the building. Queen. What? Up, up, up, up, Up, man. Yeah. Don't waste all your energy with shagging nigga. Save something for me. Cat Daddy. Don't waste all the energy with Elephant, man. Big dog. I need some of that. Hey, question Elephant man. Crazy elephant man.


I wonder what my pet name would be in a gay relationship. Ah, come on man. Si. Siberian musk, Musk ain. Gotta be hard. Like Tuscan tiger. You know what I mean? You Right. We got A great show lined up for y'all today. In Yes sir.


Yes Sir. So happy to be here with y'all today, man. Really Feeling good. Lemme get these drops out the way. Excuse Me sir. I'm sorry. I have to wake you. You Adopted. Oh my Lord. I'm so happy to be here. Flip with y'all today. Flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, flip. What episode is this? Eight 20. Eight 20. Welcome to episode eight 20 of the Joe Button podcast.


Yay. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, happy to be here. Host Joe Button here with some really amazing people. To my right, big Queens Flip Queens Get the money is in the building. Dr. Mark Lamont Hill in the building. Also dark Lamont Hill when he's here. The fans have appro appropriately called this thing Mark's Burner account. And I, and I agree. Love It. That was good. I Love it. I agree. That's what It is. That's it. We got big freeze the freeze back Mr. Take it further himself in the building. So we don't do big Parks. El El Myra's finest PO is here. Big missing pieces here. Eric Ericsson is here and nobody else is here.


Please don't forget this is brought to you by Fueled By Powered by PrizePicks. PrizePicks gang.


You all right? How's everybody doing? What's Popping Doing? Good, man. Chilling in there man. Good, good times. Now I got a shout out my baby. It's her birthday. Happy Birthday. Oh happy. Come on. Big real big. Sorry. Happy Birthday. It is a little clear in here man. But we, we going pick it up today like y'all picked it up, You know what I mean? Me and Freeze is back in the building. Exactly. Don't do none of that little fake shit you doing. Trying to do like dog whistling and all that shit to you and Mark LA out here. None, none of that shit, nigga. We stopping that today nigga. Today is day. It is fun. I'm back in a building nigga. Act appropriate. You remove me, me from the side seat.


You're The, you're the the bearer of responsible acting. Yes I am. Polish Shit. Shit, nigga Crazy. We ain't the fucking building today and I'm happy to be here. Good. I'm we Happy to. Happy you Sure. Smile nigga. Happy to have you man. It's good. It is. I was happy to see. I know. It's, I think it's outta town for something. I saw. I don I saw Mel last night doing anything. Did y'all catch on Shade Room? She was killing it. I Did see it. I didn't See it. Yeah, it was really good. Yeah, she, she was getting real on love and talking about a younger love as their double standing for men and women when it comes to dating younger. And she represented. She had the glasses on. She was sharp. She was, huh? It was dope. Shout to Mel. She held it down. She really held it down. So shout out to her. Yeah. Shout to Mel. She do a SHA room Live.


Shade Room Live. Yeah. Yeah. Shade Room. The on camera joint. Oh yeah. Oh, it was fresh. It was real fresh. It is on YouTube if you didn't catch It. Okay. Shout to Mel. Shout to me. She shout. Yeah man. Hey, get ahead girl. I do the same shit. Get the work up. You never know. You never know. Hey man, I'm there. I do the same thing, nigga trying to play around. Nigga. I'm out there working. Let that nigga stop you. We don't give a fuck racist show up, you working nigga. It is the Shade Room. Nigga went to the shade room with the glasses. Make a statement. Make a fucking, let's get nigga, nigga, nigga.


Greet this in the morning. Don't forget. Shout. Oh my God. Shout Shit. Shout. Leave me alone today. I Never start today. Oh, I love a flip here. Yeah, shout. I just gotta throw it near the rim. That's It. You set me up for, it's right there at the shit too. I Forgot wherever I was trying to start. Oh shit. Okay. I did go see Sinners. Yes. Me, me too. Not doing that now, however. Oh, okay. Nah, no freeze to see Yet. However, no, I'm just trying to get a small portion of the audience to hate you for the weekend. Got it, got it, got it. However, I'm unable to give my very detailed review because Freeze has not seen it yet.


And he's going tonight. Yes. I've been ready since Monday. I went out last night at like midnight to see this shit. Me too. I Monday to talk about this shit. I thought we were gonna do that on Tuesday. Yeah. It was really important for work purposes, man. I'm surprised anybody but, but Freeze is going. But see you tonight Purposes for work purposes. Such a blockbuster. Yes. Ryan Googler show the Original film. Oh, Come on. It is Caddy Shack or something. Shack. Wait, that was, I just clicked. I don think it was that racist. Right. I'm just trying to think of an old movie. Oh yeah.


But as soon as free season We on tonight We on. We'll be here with our review because I got Or do do you? Yeah. Or we'll send Free's ass to Starbucks in an hour and a half. Yeah. Yeah. And just get a little bit in that sound like A plan out. Because I gotta know what you think about some things on there. And I got I Yeah, and you too. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna know what y'all think. Man. Great film too. Everyone's seen it. I loved it. Well the whole, fuck. Listen, all look. If you, you're here, let me know so I can go to Starbucks. Hold on. Freeze. Hold on. Freeze. I'll take a cappuccino. I do wanna say a little all, well hold on. Lemme go. Go to Starbucks. Go for a little something. The close Starbucks. They not the one that's, they both leaving.


Hold out. Hey, don't go outside and do No. Oh yeah. Go outside. We know those little breaks. You gotta be careful birthday party. We know. Oh shit. Y'all walked out at Joe birthday party. Yo. Y'all did that at my birthday. It was wild behavior at my birthday party Lot That we could just never address. Something. I'm so mad. Didn didn't go to that party. You should Mark Lamont Hill. I was at home like mad as shit. Damn Classic. You should have went To that party. Oh, that was before you were like really, really up here. Yeah. I had got the invite. He Still got the invite. I got the invite. But white people, you know, we just, anyway. Yeah, it wasn't gonna play At that point. You don't know that that's an event that you probably should just A lot of shit went on. That lot of shit went on that we just swept under the, under the rug.


And I don't even have a broom. Family business. It is what It is. Yeah. Shit that we saw in Plain Sight. Oh yeah. Yeah. Obvious shit. Didn didn't know Freeze was doing that at my birthday party. Yeah. A little bit. Freeze. Hey, freeze. Listen, my main takeaway from Sinners is don't date white bitches. Yo Don't Yeah. The whole movie is telling you in mad different ways. Not to date the white, the white bitch Not trust the white people in general, I think was a at All. That's my wife. Literally turning about three recorders. He was like, Dr. Omar tried to tell us If someone comes to your door with a banjo. No, don't let 'em in. Absolutely not. Get that banjo shit the fuck out here. Not at all. Yeah.


That's the best takeaway from me. I loved it. I loved It. Yeah. I Love it. And don't and and don't and don't succumb to greed. Neither. Money is not everything. When, when she went out there to, to get you. Because if she didn't go out there to go, oh, check on the white people and get money from them to see how much they had. You know what I mean? Nothing would've happened. That's a good point. I didn't think about That. Yeah. So don't, don't, don't. You know, because it don't fall in greed. One of the twins, I don't remember which one was kind of cool with the fact that it wasn't really making no bread. We're gonna build this up. Smoke. Smoke. And Yeah. They sent the white girl out to bring in some more Actually stack was what was cool with it. 'cause he was the one like, yeah, fuck it. Take the wooden nickels. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yo, What else? What else? What else? I loved, I loved how this was, I think this might've been Ryan Kugler's best film, in my opinion.


A wonderful movie. Reveal's still better. But They're still different. Yeah. Yeah. They're Very different. This was like a ma, this is one of my masterpiece things for sure. That one is a lot more like Story. Yeah. Fruitville Fruitville was a real event. Yeah. And Ryan Coogler wasn't nobody True. Right. So Wow. It tugged in our strings. We all cried, but no budget. Real story. We see what he did. Black Panther is still Black Panther. There are other reasons that we go into the theater outside of, Hey Ryan, Google is involved in this. Right. Granted he did a great job. But for sure we come into the theater and droves for other reasons as well. Yes. Right. Yeah. Okay. The same thing could be said with Creed, you're leaning on 40 years of equity. Right.


Where Rocky fans, Apollo Fair. You might have did an amazing job too. Yeah. This movie was my first time. 'cause I don't wanna be ignorant to the movie buffs out there that may no differently. But was my first time seeing Ryan Coogler as Ryan Coogler trusted with this large of a budget. Sure. Relying on his star player that he done called on three and four times to now come and be two niggas. Because this is so important. I can't lose the viewership. Right. Of you not being involved in even the bad side of this. When we cut to that, like this was just, it was a lot going on. I loved all the historical shit. I loved them saying still even in this, don't play with them natives.


I loved that. Yeah. I loved the Yeah. They should have listened. Yeah. I'm playing with them natives. I thought that was Natives came. This ain't that. This ain't that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is he in here? Yeah. We here for business. Right. Yeah. Yeah. And they ain't playing with 'em. Nope. They ain't doing none of that evil eye. None of that shit. And them truck tower got the fuck up out there. You ain't, they ain't getting no more problems. Exactly. That's why I loved About it. Exactly. I love that. Until the, until the Korean lady did the cornball shit. I loved how they held us down. Oh yeah. Because then I later read that historically the role that they played, the Black and Asians. Yeah. Yep. That was amazing. And then I'm a musician, so all of that musical shit Yeah.


Was fired first of all, I think the, not all of it. I grew up in a blues household, so this was a trope that I'm familiar with. And I just love putting blues in the forefront. Yeah. In 2025 in that Manner. Yeah. I totally agree. Why, why you saying not all of It? That one mashup scene. I couldn't, it Didn't. The Irish Yo No, no, the Swagger list. Trap drum. They lost me for 35 seconds. Yeah. They Lost me too. That was five. That was the one that Was five. Man. It, it could have been the one that they should have called Metro or somebody. You know what I mean? I Saying I like the idea of it. I didn't like how they executed A Little Now they buy that shit, y'all. Yeah. Y'all crazy as hell. It's, I the message Behind it, that thing is the one I'm sitting there almost teary at a little bit fucked me up. Me up. Because it didn't sound right at first that at all.


Yeah. And then when you, it took you a second to see what was happen happening, adjust It is like, Oh yeah. And yeah, Yeah. Yeah. The blues. The blues, dude, I didn't expect his voice to be like that once he started singing in the car or Oh, he Said, and neither and neither did the twin. It's like, oh shit. We, Hey, come, come with me homeboy. Right. You can sing like that. What's one man that plays the harmonica? What's his name? The actor. Oh, Delroy. Lindo. Yeah. Yes. He would be a dead ringer for Holland Wolf if they ever do a movie. I don't know if you guys are blues heads, but Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, that's speaking of blues buddy guy at the end. The real guy at the end. Oh, come on man. And most people had left the theater when we saw it. 'cause it was like a post script.


So people had walked, My whole theater stayed and, and New Day the state. I went to a black theater. Niggas, niggas was gone. I went to a white theater, but black people in there. Oh, okay. Like, it was nothing but black people, people. You got a culture, Was it Black theater? Max Johnson Nigga. I don't wanna say which one, but, oh, I'm just saying a lot of, I say for in credits. Got it. And a lot of people don't read the credits, You know what I mean, in general. But afterward, when they popped up that the genius of that scene I also thought, like was they hit home. Something that was subtle throughout the whole movie about the exploitative nature of white, of white culture and white culture theft. When dude come in with the Coogee and the white girl, you know, when they come in, in that scene. Yeah. Yep. To meet the new version of Preacher Boy, It is like, oh, But now this is more vulture. But, but now you are alive with this white girl, but you can only come out when it's dark.


Like you're kind of stuck in this really nasty, ugly life. Even though you're alive versus my big, the big black woman, the beautiful thick black woman that I loved. I love her. I loved that. That was her role in portrayal. I was real sad when she got bit Yeah. Spoil alerts. Yeah. Sorry. But I love that love story. And though they died, it was like a, it was like a, we're alive in spirit through multi-generations. Yes. So it was just telling a lot of different stories. It Was, yeah. I I I loved all that. I I thought to your point, the blues piece was beautiful.


There's this moment where, there where Lindo talks about the blues. He said the blues is sacred. Yeah. And he talked about what the blues meant, as he said. Not that shit they gave us religion wise, but the blues is ours. That getting into our souls and the blues was like a real weapon to fight these vampires by the end. Yeah. Yeah. And he's a survivor. So it's a way of talking about black traditions that I thought was dope. Yeah, that's what, that's what I took from it too. Like, you know, telling Sammy to hold on to the blues. 'cause that's our, you know, Christianity and all this stuff that we learned was given to us by a white, white man. And it was forced on us. You know what I mean? We have this, let's cherish this. Don't let that go. That was an important part for me as well. And they were driving down the road and It is, yeah. When he drive, 'cause they talk, they're talking about the convict lease system, you know, you know, when black folk basically put back on plantations after slavery and they're driving down the road, Delaware Lindo gets up, sees all the dudes, tells that crazy story about everything that happened with those guys and how he, how he was part of that.


And then the way he processed it was to start singing. Yeah. Right. And then to have my man play the guitar. So the blues became a way of healing. Like, it's just like, it was dope. They got into that. And then, and, and I, and I was in love with that sister man. Like the, I Love the Sisters was doing h Oh yeah, yeah. Because it was the first movie I've seen in a long time on the mainstream that didn't make black spiritual traditions look cultish or look creepy. Yeah. The creepy people wear the weird white people. The Klan. Right. Yeah. Yeah. But, but she had a le be she had a Le Beads. She was doing hoodoo, she was doing jobs. All any of my spiritual people didn't know. Starting not to cut you off, but who, if you're watching this movie, should also be identified. Yes. That's up. I'll leave that up to you to identify them how you want.


But I had a picture of who that was representing throughout the movie, the, the demon White people. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But you were saying Important. No, they, they just, they just told a whole story about black spiritual traditions and the mix between music and spirit that I thought was, was powerful from the church to the oo to the, to the blues. I just, I just thought it was beautiful and without having to hit us over the head with Yeah, Yeah. A very subtle way of telling you exactly how you lost culture. Yes. Mm. Yeah. It was a, it was a very, it was such a ill sleek way of holding the mirror up to you, because it can't happen without your invite.


Yeah. Yeah. And that part, just being so, and, and my be and my beautiful black city. What, what is her name again? Because I don't wanna keep saying that, but when, when she was like, hold up now homeboy you about 6, 7, 6, 8. Right. What you need an invite for. Right. Right. You, no other time you push right on. You can push right past us. Behind every black man is a strong black woman that's gonna see something that maybe you don't For sure. We mean mosko. Yeah. Yep. That's it. I hope. Even the Irish mashup. I like that. I like, you know, when, when he was, oh, Now you about to get in my bag. Oh Yeah. He's getting into today. I I love that there was so many, so many gems in that how, you know, music is taken and It is sort of like redefined.


Right. It is redefined. And sometimes it's misappropriated, but we all fall in line, if you understand what I'm saying. Yeah. While, while the white man is in the middle and we all fall in line a lot of the times when they come into our culture and take control of it. It was that, that's what I took from that man. But it was fine. I listen it, listen, I ain't gonna lie to y'all. I, I love this point that you brought up. Yeah. I I I love this movie. I love the premise. I love all this historical black shit that we talking about. I love the blackness, the Blackity blackness of it. How, and yeah, I also liked White Thriller in the Woods Fire Son. But I think that was part of the messaging about culture and all that shit. It is like, oh, that shit kind of slaps a little bit. It's not really what we do here, but Yeah.


Right. Maybe y'all could come in 'cause that shit, It is not bad. Y'all got some money. Yeah, they was watching from the house, right? Oh shit. I was in the like that. Yeah. White nigga White niggas is jamming. They did their little dance with no rhythm. I was like, yeah. As a, as a, a person of Irish descent. I didn't like our music being portrayed as the evil music like that. But It is cool, man. Y'all was in the woods smoking. This was busy. That was fire. That was fire Scene. Yo. It was all good. Yeah. Yeah. It was.


I had a couple nitpicks. I had a couple nitpicks with the, with the film. You, I'm the dickhead the movie with the nick taking notes. Oh my God. Shit, dude, I'm always gonna be Me too Hot for that. You know how, anyway, some of the accents were bad. I didn't love the accents and I didn't, I I thought they should have done a little bit. And this is my nerdy thing with movies. Sure. I hate when the slang don't match the era. Oh, okay. Like when he's like, let's get it popping. Oh, didn didn't hear that. Or Let me highlight you. Or even, even even paddy wagon in the South, you know, little things like that real, real quick. Irked the shit outta me that did the same thing when I was listening. So, no, when I, when I was listening to the autobiography of, of Malcolm, because a lot of words that we said now in that auto, I don't know when that was written, but they would seem like back in the days it was being said, I don't know when a Good thing we have a Malcolm scholar.


That's True. Yeah. No, no, I'm Just saying like, he Put me onto it, I listened. I'm like, wait, they said that back in the days, they, they were saying this back in the days, but they was, because remember some of that shit was because he, he wrote the book in in right before he died. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. So it's, it's so crazy how we adapt to slangs today. Yeah. Right. The certain slangs about Harlem and shit. And I'm like, I was listening to it. They didn't say that back in the day, I swear to God. But I, I realized when the book was written And I said, oh, they were saying that back in the day. So I mean, you may know, but it could be a possibility, you know, ever since I listened to that. Some of it, some of it you're right, you're right. Some of it could be like a circulation. Let Me how you might have been saying back. Yeah. Yeah. But, but the thing that got me, the thing that irked me the most was only like Michael B. Jordan looks like, I mean that last scene where he's shooting up the places with the wife beater on it.


Look, he came from Vietnam. Not World War I nobody. 1930, the nigga Come on play Rambo. You know what that scene is for? I want my star player and a tank top sweating with a gun with muscles. Yeah. Killing the bad guy. We don't care about. And I'm a hater. Yo, this is art. Yeah. That was hate. That was definitely, That's totally hate This. This is the scene that's selling our movie. Yeah. I get it. I'm like that shit, I'm in the movie. Everybody with women cheering niggas clown. I'm like, Jim Crow didn't have triceps like that. I'm Oh my God, man, I was talking. It's, it's complete hate. Let be very clear. And I love Michael B. Jordan. That's my brother. Love you bro. But yeah, too many muscles. Michael B. Jordan, amazing job, man. Smoke it. Yes. You body it really, really, really great job. And both, bro, I have nothing to say.


I have absolutely zero zero. They To say try to pigeon, they try to pigeonhole him as far as his acting, you know, how Far does he, but he did gray. Here they is. Me. Yeah. He say he didn't speak or some shit. He didn't. Yeah. I thought about that. They is me. Yeah. Yeah. He, you don't need the they me. I'm right here. He over excelled. Like, he, he did great. He, he, this is his, I loved him in the movie about Byron Stevenson too. What's it called? When he played the lawyer. Just A male Question though. Getting, getting somebody outta prison. But she did not hear my name. Oh, sorry. But it was like a couple years ago. But th this was in terms of the stretch and the reach and playing two people and all the shit he had to do and the action out and stuff. This is my favorite performance of his this from Fruitvale. I'm, I'm, I would like to know how he did some of that. Like technically Yeah, Like as far the twins, right?


Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I thought The same thing that Was fly. Does anyone think that one of the twins was supposed to be Jonathan Majors? That's something that's been floating around out there. Oh, I read him something about him saying that it was important for them to be fraternal and not maternal twins. Meaning they look like identical twins instead of Yeah. Yeah. Non-identical twins. There's something in there. I was just about to tell you, I forgot the meaning of fraternal, paternal. I might be messing that up. I, there was something important about them. Yeah. Which one? Which ones match? Yeah. Right. I don I thought the, I thought it was the opposite, but, but I don't know. I don't know for sure. But yeah, looking the same made it kind of dope. Yeah. Yeah. It made it kind of dope.


Yeah. And you know, once you see the, the, once you visualize all of the Michael B. Jordan, Ryan Coogler collabs and see him side by side, it just looks like the development of Michael B. Jordan. Yeah. Yeah. So it almost looks, it's almost unfair. Not unfair. 'cause I was kicking his back end and I never knew that about niggas in Jersey. But it was just funny. It was just funny. Yeah. Only because in Creed, I, I still think he had maybe eight lines total. And in Black Panther, the one where he came in there on some gangs of shit. I think it may have been 16 Lines. Hey auntie. Yeah. That was two of 'em. But, but he ain't there for that. And he's still a-list.


So now there was nothing to be said about how many lines the script. It was him. He was there. He was talking. It performed. He killed. Yeah, he performed. He Killed. Yeah. He absolutely killed. Shout to Michael B. Jordan again. Ryan Coogler chef's kiss. Yeah. I, I I tip my hat. Amazing. Amazing. Technically the visual and audio side of it was stunning. Beautiful. Yes. Yes. I saw it on the imax. Absolutely beautiful. The score Was great too. German guy did a lot of the scoring. I don you saw Donald Glover's collaborator. I, I can't remember his name. Ludwig something. Yeah. But long German name. But he, they killed it All types of shit In there. Great choice. Great song choices. Yeah. And then again, buddy guy at the end and hearing buddy guy 88 hit them notes. Yeah. No buddy guy's still him. I, I think that he still has the club in Chicago.


He does. He still performs regularly. Yeah, he does. And I would encourage anybody out in Chicago if, or if you've traveled to Chicago, if you haven't done it, go to his club or any of the number of blues clubs that at least when I lived there still existed. It's important. And you should go. It's Probably the best blues scene I think outside of like, maybe Tennessee. Yeah, It is. Yeah. To me, I've, I mean I've bet all over the, like I said, I grew up with the blues. It's the best blues scene to me in America. Mm. Yeah. Which means probably the world. So when, when y'all see a thriller like this, how many times did you like jump out your seat? Did you like drop your popcorns? Did you get shook a little? You tell The truth. I'm so glad that you said that. My girl jumped anytime one of the demons flew in the air.


Yeah. My wife too. By the third time, everybody's wife did it the first time. She, she did a jump. I gave, I, she kind of brought me with a, so now I feel like a bitch. The Second time she might have dropped my popcorn outta my hand. By the third time I'm like, yo dog. They fly. This shouldn't be a big fucking surprise. Every time they fucking levitate. Yo, my wife grabbed my, my hand. I let the first one slide, but I got a little skin too. I ain't gonna lie. Thank you. I'll be covering my ears like that when something about to happen I'll watch it but cover my ears. 'cause the fucking sound. Not You old bitch. Yeah. I lead it to my wife, his Ears. And I, I only wanted to do that. Yeah.


And when she started, we both can't be shook. Get off me man. Scare we because nah, when they, when they be prepared for shit, I go like that, cover my ear. I don't wanna hear the sound nigga. I wanna see it When they, when that, when that jump scare me, I don't like that shit. Mm. That jump got me twice. They do this great thing where, where Right, right when the person's about to attack, they jump and they do a jump cut to the, to the back to the, to the, to the club. Which I thought was really beautiful. Mm. But that shit had me shook twice. I dropped my popcorn one time. Yeah. And them doing the pardon me re adaptation of the, his, the, the iconic black picture that's in all of our houses of the dance scene. Yep. Yeah. The disco scene. Yeah. Oh yeah. That was great. And killing dude with the guitar and what that might mean. Yep.


Yeah. Like It is just a lot to pick up on. I'm, I'm sure I watch this movie again and we're gonna stop our coverage of that now. 'cause I'm sure Ice been stopped. Fucking ice been done. Fuck does Ice. He does advertise the Seven Minute man and It is been more Than seven minutes. Yeah. Been done. We can get him. We can get him. I'm, I'm super into slaying KKK vampires by the way. That shit was fire. Yeah. That shit was fire. Yeah. I I It is it, I I could not see white people ever again after that. Like that's how I felt that night. I was like, I don't only see no white people for like five minutes. Save Five to go look in the mirror then. Right. I scared the shit outta myself. I Good talk. Good Talk. Free freeze. I ain't gonna lie. We smoked that. We real, I'm glad I did. I'm glad you did. You smoked that.


I'm still gonna see it and I still, and I still want your review for sure when we come back. Absolutely. For sure. For sure. I at Starbucks shit too. My bad was side was Long. I was looking forward to that cappuccino. Got you. Next time. Alright Mark, back to you. DMing this Gil, this guilty black man being so in a rush to fucking be of our people. We are. I mean, you know the other thing is, you know, in the media we, you know, we tend to have a network of people who support each other. So you know, I tend to reach out to folk in my line of work. Oh. I'm not in that network. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. There's a group chat and a signal. You should jump on it. You'd be welcome. Half of that group chat is probably beefing with me.


Oh yeah, for sure. For sure. They, you're having beefing with me too. And I probably have no idea why they're beefing with me because you Probably kicked they back In. I'm just gonna ready say then they remind you, yo, you know you said this right? Yeah. Oh Yeah. I Deserve it. The only person I know why we don't talk is Charlemagne. Why don't y'all talk and Y'all ain't even got beef Because I let him have it. I wasn't playing with him. A couple Tubs I I've seen and vice Versa. I wasn't playing with him. Yeah. Yeah. And he, and he's let me have it. He, He's Played, he's played in a way that I felt like he needed a pow pow many, many, many, many, many years ago. I think we both have a high level of respect for each other. So I Feel like Y'all did you, after the barbs back and forth a couple different times. No, not after that Spotify negotiation one.


That's The one that way you go Off. No, you went Crazy. That's the one where I had just hung up with him 10 minutes before I went on air and I didn't like, I didn't like didn, didn't like what I heard. Mm. Bad time. I Need y'all to work that out. I mean I know there's no beef but I need y'all to be cool. It ain't a beef. Yeah, but the two two of Y's shouldn't be on opposite like the two of y'all on the same page is good for the entire culture. It's good for everybody. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Am I holding back the culture? No, I ain't gonna say That. Not 'cause It is. You're not holding it back. But you know, any of you other niggas that got a beef for me, I promise you I have no idea why. I have no idea why. Well I know why Van was mad too.


He called me and told me, Are y'all good now? What's good? He don't, he don't care about making it good. That's true. That's the thing. Alright cool. You got a beef, stay there Because I don't be knowing what's bad. Like I have no problem with Van. I didn't have a problem with Van when he called and told me what his problem was with me. Got you. I'm not even worried. I'm always next game. I'm always, what Are we on next? Hey can we get through that? Is somebody, sorry, did somebody do something wrong? Do You apologize? Everybody, sometimes I think I apologize the van maybe don't quote me. My memory's bad. Chuck the van. Because sometimes that's all it take is just accepting. Yeah. You know what jab the van we spoke too For the first time when I played the clip of him talking about his father on the podcast that I was so touched by.


Mm. Okay, well that's good. Oh and we spoke. Okay That's good. Oh good. That's good. Anybody Else? I have no idea why y'all would be, I promise you I don't, y'all just don't like me 'cause you heard a story or yada yada. YI don't know. Or you should Not on the podcast, but whatever we get, I don't think that's enough to not to, to be so invested in your anger towards somebody. Depending not how many niggas have shitted on me on a podcast. But that's you not realizing your reach, you shitting on them and them shitting on you ain't the same as two different Results. Well then they should stop. No, I'm not talking about you shitting on somebody on here has a total different effect than somebody shitting on you.


You're also a little bit more creative with your barbs. You're better at it. A lot of Yeah. Yeah. You're Better at it. You could fuck up somebody's money. Shit on Up here. I wouldn't wanna do that. But you can. And self esteem and have done it. I Wouldn't wanna do that. You come from fucking battle rapping. Like I try to. It's A different level of creativity, How to feel inside. You will say some sneaky little shit that no one will catch with them. And it will fucking hurt. Yo. If anybody out there still has a beef with me, if It is over five years old, let's piece it up. Let's squash it. That's not how I'm living. That's not how I'm living in my forties. That's not where I'm at. At 45. And maybe 'cause we haven't spoken or you only hear me on, on the, on my fucking platform. You don't know that about me.


It is not in my ministry today. I don't have a beef with any of y'all. I wish everybody well get money. I hope niggas, kids, parents and families is good. I hope niggas is living right. Eating healthy, trying to stay alive. I done seen too many friends, real, real friends that I came in this business with leave right before my eyes in recent years. Like people from my class, like the Clarks and the IRVs and the list goes on and on. I can't, I'm not, it's It is precious. It's Precious. I like that man. Bro. It's precious. It's precious man. So yeah. Hit hit me or, or allow me to be in y'all little punk nigga group chat that y'all got.


There you go. See back. We were almost back. But I would say that in the group chat. I don't say nothing. Mine, nobody backed out. I wouldn't say that. Bitch. I'm honored y'all. I'm honored to be in y'all little punk Ass group chat. Hey this where you, this is where all you bitch ass niggas been hiding that up. No, I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm gonna add you this week. I'm joking. A man Adam, I'm, Hey. Hey. Get the word first. I don't want, I don't want your gang to look at you shady. Who's The leader? I want this nigga who's The leader of the group chat. I'm not allowed to say listen. Who? Man. Just this, you know, I'll tell you. Just, just beep it. Alright. I'm the leader of the group is. Oh, I'm not mad at, Yeah, Fine. You gotta beep That one too. Make sure. Yep. Got yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm polarizing so you can't just bring me, I'm a different plus one, some plus ones.


You should announce that's before the function. That's your, your man coming. Oh yo. Nah, Nah. Yo. You know I'm fly. I recently got fly with such and such and he coming with me. Nah, he said he really plans on coming. He didn't just, he ain't gonna flake. All right. But if he gets on his bullshit, It is on you. I, You see I would be on my best black behavior in the prominent black group chats for like a month. For like a month. Yeah. I would, no you wouldn't in real life. I'm not that bad. Some bullshit in there. If somebody Yep. Let somebody say that. Let somebody say some bullshit that you don't like. Yeah. Or no, no better. I wouldn't reply Better let 'em be having a bad day. That's, I wouldn't reply. That's the one that's, I said give my up.


Yo. By the way, That's the one, yo my friends represent me wrong in this podcast, nigga. Nigga Are You crazy free Freeze. He could Say I've been letting a lot of shit slide but today I got the time. That's Not true. That's not true. That's the intro. I would not reply you Motherfuckers If I, if I felt a way I would turn off, try to turn off the shit. The sassy shit in the group chat is to leave. Which I'm so old. I don't remember how to do it no more. You fucking can't Damn Near now they stopped it. Right. This shit is annoying bro. Yeah. When I'm feeling sassy in the group chat joe button left conversation. Yeah. But you know, you know how we used to do in the boot chat, Adam, back come where you going? Bring back. Let's go. You ain't leaving the boot chat. Get your ass back over here. That's Funny. Oh man. Alright. That was great. Thank you Mark. No problem. So Anyway, you DMD Shannon haw.


No, no, no, no, no. So And, and like I said, it was a quick exchange but since then I've gotten a lot of information that I think we should focus on. Sure. So piece of information number one, he announced very recently as of this broadcast that he is taking some time away from ESPN. Sure. He He announced that. Yeah. He he actually said I'm gonna step away. No, No. That ain't what he's saying. Oh, I get what you're saying. I'm just saying. Yeah. But, but he put it out There and, and freeze was on it too. Can you break down what happened? Because it, it was a unc moment. It Definitely was a unc moment. Some somebody sent him a text message of what to say. They typed it out. Yo dog copy this. This is your statement. They signed his name at the bottom.


Yeah. And I, And I posted it. Yeah. Yo, post this. That's what they told him. Yo, post this. Yeah. He screenshot it cropped a little box and posted it. Yeah. He, he took Yeah, yeah, yeah. You was, you know, Which made it look to some people, including myself, even less authentic. Absolutely. Because It is like you, it looked like you may not have even read it. You didn't read it. You Know what I'm saying? Like, like PR team just Had screenshot and hit tweet. But what the message effect, what the message effectively said was that he's stepping away from ESPN to deal with this unfair attack that he's receiving. But that he'll be back by the start of the n Yeah, I read that. Which is interesting. Right?


Oh no, I was gonna say one more thing. I spoke to two executives at ESPN the day before. Fucking journalist right here. Right? Yeah. And I was, and what they told me was that he wasn't returning to ES espn like that, that they were already going to cut him. So I'm, I'm wondering if either they changed their mind or I gotta put all the possibilities out there. Sure. Or this is his team trying to preempt that. Like I'm going to, I'm gonna, I'm gonna take a break before y'all officially fire me. 'cause now they can't say he's fired and, and, and hoping that this dies and goes away. The second that he said he would be back at the start of NFL preseason. I took my hands out, started just doing some counting. Sure. August. Oh shit. August is right there.


So let me be the third person to tell you. Dr. Mark Lamont, Shannon Sharp will not be back at the start of NFL preseason Or season or playoffs or Postseason. Shannon s Sharp will never see the sbn airwaves again. And we wish that on no one. But he won't be back in August buddy. No, He talking about if he, if he were to be acquit, exonerated, whatever the word is, It can't work. Not by August. It's too bad. It's too not by August. It's too bad now. Not well, yes, but I'm saying certainly not by August. Gotcha. Dog. Every 10 minutes something else is coming Out. There's a new accuser now. Like Yeah, I've read that Like now.


It, we're at the point where we're in full on attack mode. Like just the noise again, you talk about companies and weighing your risk. The noise is too loud at this point. And this is Disney. Yeah. Disney don't play. I'd like to know what happens to his other, his other platforms. Like great, you won't be with Disney. Right. What happens with nightcap? What happens with your shit? I think it'll be fine. Some of That shit. He, I love that he's still working. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because I like to see people work through the drama. Yeah. Are those his Nightcap is Shehe isn't, Shehe is owned by volume. Right? Volume. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean look, he makes a lot of money for people and if you don't have a brand, if you're not brand conscious like these and these YouTube channels generally aren't Yeah, you'll be fine.


Now I'm sure he lost a hell of a ba large bag. He Might take some of them little logos off the, the YouTube. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. That shit's gonna be shit Gonna be Yeah. He was having a lot of private conversations in, in the back channels. Yeah. For certain. So I, I don't know if he, and I'm curious to know what y'all think. Like I think he's mishandled this at every turn. Absolutely. I agree With you at every turn releasing the information about the girl didn't do what he thought it was going to do. Yeah. Yeah. It hurt. Yeah. It hurt a lot more than it helped. Yeah. He need a fixer. Yeah, That's what it sound like. Yeah. You need a Olivia Pope or somebody on your squad. You need somebody there to say, I dog chill out.


Let us handle this. Right. Releasing the girl is when he lost me. That didn't help either. That Once I saw the girl, I'm dead ass. Say more. It is not A $25,000 butt cheek. No. For me. Well for me it's the same for me it's the same, same rules apply for when we talk about the age gaps the other way. It's no difference to me. Right. You Are 56 years old about to be 57. My girl was talking about, oh, you 50 years old say now the Fuck that me at to Google? No he ain't. It is just 50. He ain't 50. Yeah, no, you 56 years old and, and, and you met the girl. See that's what I was asking you. It was unclear when we recorded last time.


All that was said that broke while we were recording was he met this girl when she was 19, which is foul. But I don't know when you met the girl and that don't say when you started being romantic. So I won't rush to judgment nigga. They say you met the girl in 2023, nigga, that's yesterday, right? Yeah. Right. I'm gonna say I, That's, that's very, very, very, very recent. So now you just nasty if you didn't do nothing wrong and your story is legit. You look nuts though. You look crazy. And that's why he can't get back to, to ESPN because even if he did nothing wrong and nothing illegal, just the shit he's acknowledged he did. Yep. Looks absolutely nuts with this little tiny OnlyFans girl.


Listen, I, I am 41 years old. My wife is 31 years old. We were at a college bar in Elmira this last weekend Turn Enough, which is all probably 21, 22 year olds. And I felt anxious and weird and had to get the fuck up out of there. Yeah. Yeah. It's weird. And obviously we have no interest in sleeping with any of these people. I I don't, I I I You don't Wanna talk to 'em damn Near. I don't want to. I don't even want them to look at me or blow up our Dead. Our world should not, We should not go. His kids are older. I'm 15 years younger than him. Right. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. No, his Kids are older than that girl. Yeah. That's, That's, that's the thing. I don't judge age gaps, obviously. I just said that me and my wife have a 10 year age gap, but Yeah.


Yeah. I Got a 10 year as as Well. Still fucking with teenagers is crazy to me. Yep. It's Wild. So he also, 'cause there's a few angles you play when you get caught in a situation like this one is, I didn't do it. Two, they, whoever they is, are setting me up. So we tend to close ranks around people who get set up. You lose the, they're setting me up when you 54 with a 19-year-old that you met at the gym. You know what I mean? Stop right There. I want, that's another thing I had to get clarity on when I went home and had time to think to myself. No you didn't. No, you didn't. You Didn't what? Meet her at the gym. You Didn't, you didn't. That's something that was able to fly last time when we were just recording there.


Oh, I met her in the gym. All right, cool. Once I seen it. Yeah. You was not just on the fucking staring master You wasn Damn yo. And and exchange Stop. Yo, stop now. You playing with me now? Yeah. Now you playing with me. Now A theory's been floated by his bodyguard. He did a tweet and delete Absolutely love tweet and deletes. Those are my favorite things that people do. The messiest shit ever. The messiest shit ever. His name is, oh, he goes by Big Zaka on April 24th. He tweeted fuck, NDA. That's, you know, non-disclosure agreement. Fuck. NDA, that nigga Shannon met his hoe at a Diddy party when she was 17. Yikes. Watch Cat back and you'll understand me and watch the Cat Williams interview back from 2024.


Now again, I don't know if it's true, I don dunno anything about it, but this is another piece of information in response to what you just said. Without knowing, without knowing if it's true, just the tweet takes that Kat Williams level to God that ca Kat Williams interview to Godlike status for me. Yes. What's the reference in the, I don't know, the reference from the cat Interview. What he's, what he's saying is watch the Ka Williams Shannon Sharp interview when he was talking about Puff and the puff parties and in relation to meeting white girls and what white women will do to you. The king conversation that he mentioned Jonathan Majors. Okay. He kind of, they kind, Monique kind of had this same conversation with him.


I saw that. Yeah. But to say that, that tweet about Kad Williams that says that Kad Williams is kind of doing this interview knowing about you. 'cause in that, I went to look for it and Kat is saying, yo dog, I'm able to speak this way because I know about everything I'm saying. I don't, these I have receipts, I can talk. So if you put any validity to the tweet, it's like, alright, Kat Williams know about you and it's playing in your face. Got it. I didn I didn't catch that reference at first season. Yeah. That's ill, That's Ill The next stage of this is more accusations come out. One an old accusation is revealed. You know, there was the information that he apparently settled or Fox Sports settled a, a suit with an employee who said that he choked her.


Now his team responded and said it wasn't what it sounded like. I didn't, he didn't choke somebody out in the middle of the, of the job. But that there was some play, playful, physical interactions that happened. And I guess it would be like we were tussling at work and you know, somebody decided to sue, like, if flip just started choking me while we wrestling and I decided to sue flip. You know what I mean? If, you know, I got your number, you know what I'm saying? Like, it would be like, not the company. What'd you say? I Think that's page nine on the contract. Don't do that. Not the company. And you Can't do that with a woman, Bro. No agree. And I, and we don't know if that's what happened. Right. That's his team. But the team did say ask Fox Sports what happened, which you tend not to do unless you're telling the truth. So I don't know. Fox Sports. Right, exactly. Right. Right.


That never works for me as such and such. No, I'm not gonna do that. Yeah. Yeah. But then there's the accusation from a formal girlfriend that's come up of, of actual sexual assault and stalking. So, well She had a restraining order and everything. Right. And when he was at CCBs Sports, he was sat down for a moment until the restraining order was lifted and, and they sort of let it go. That's what I'm saying. It's hard for him to get back to ESPN. And I, again, I'm not wishing anything on anybody, but it's hard when you see CBS Fox this, when you see this case, this case, this case. It's hard for pe people to become less willing to believe that this is just a big misunderstanding. Mm. The third time Right. Or the fourth Time or whatever It Is. Even that, even the audio of the phone call that when was first released, he made it seem like it was chopped and edited to make him look a certain way.


Yeah. Like, like he was talking dirty and then she chopped it up and made it look like some other shit. But it don't sound great. It does sound, it does sound edited, but it don't sound great and you don't sound sexy. That, and I know niggas changed their voice for sexy time talk. Yeah. I now, come on, now I listen, I've been on earth long enough to know that part. That wasn't sexy time voice. I'm gonna choke you. That was the other choke you. I'm gonna fuck You up. That was the yo, that was that. Yo, I'm gonna fuck you up. Yeah. You know What you like, you know what you Did. I what It sounds like that's, That's what it sounds like. Let's We telling the truth, truth here. No, that's what it sound like to me too. Hey, yo, hold on. We and and I Oh, go ahead. I'm gonna be mindful.


No, you're not. You're gonna take the other side in a horrible situation. Like, I'm not gonna take the other side. No. You got two years of being a contrary. Hold up y'all. I mean, the bitch, I'm not taking the other side. I just, I just, I just watch us hold our to the fire and you know, the are the other side, you know, they are praised for dating 19 and 20 year olds. You know what I mean? That's just a thing that I've been, I've been sitting with like when it comes to us and that point, you know, we hold 'em to the fire, Shannon, and, but when, When Shannon, we kill Bill Belichick, we don't Yeah, yeah. Is what you're saying when Leo and them do it and, and It is praise and It is and It is, it's like a thing. It's like an influx.


It's like a rotation of it. Like, okay, I met at 19, now she's 22. I'm gonna go for another 19-year-old. And people, oh, look at this girl. She's the hot model. Look what we got. They taking pictures and stuff like that, which is an understanding, no disrespect to Parks, Poe and y'all culture probably, I don't know. But that's just the only thing I'm, I'm, I've been looking at of course also looking at what he's done. Your man, she's young and you playing around with her, you know, obviously you miss all the cues and stuff like that. You're not really in tune. You just outta tune. You can know when you're being recorded just how certain things are said, certain the gaps in the conversation and you just didn't pay attention for whatever reason, whatever journey or whatever mindset you are in.


You know what I mean? Prayers to him, You know what I mean? But you, you got whatever's coming in me. Got to deal with it. Does anyone want to address flip's first point? I think it was an amazing point. Thank you. And I would like to respond to it, but my response is like, some of the most ignorant shit I ever thought in my brain. So I'm gonna just chill Mark. I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let Mark go first. Yeah. Yeah. See, I have two thoughts on it. Come on, mom. One, I don't think that all things are the same reversed. Right. I, I think sometimes we do have to look at specific dynamics. However, I don't think of, I can't think of any situation where 54-year-old and a 19-year-old makes sense regardless of the gender.


I'm, I'm with you. Two women, two men, men, women, men, whatever. I don't care. I just, it's too, it feels predatory. And I just, I just, nothing a 54-year-old has, it's just awkward. It's just at, at, at the least. Yeah. It just bare minimum. Yeah. It just doesn't feel right. And it makes me wonder. It's just, yeah. It's, it's, it's fucked up. The second piece of it though is I, I do think that I, I think we give white men more leeway on that stuff, but they do criticize Leonardo DiCaprio for it. And people do think that Al Pacino is disgusting for having like Bill Belichick. There's been plenty of jokes about all of the above. They're Getting challenged now. It's jokes though. I was about to say. And that's just jokes. Yeah. Like at, at the, at the Jeff Ross roast, it'll come up as opposed to me seem like criminal end.


That being held to the stake though. They're not being held to the fire. That's true. And to be fair though, if we found out that Bill Belichick was doing some of the things that Shannon is accused of, I think the jokes would be there. Jokes and serious conversations would be there in the same way. Same for Leonard DiCaprio. Yeah. But who, who was Okay. And that's, and that's where, and that's what I wanted to say. I'm glad Thank you Parks. You're welcome. That that's what I want to say. Right. Like if the same thing were happening in the, in the other examples, we would look at that, we would look at that a certain way. Like we would, we know evil shit would, I think what I'm saying is we know just, we know evil shit happens on earth. We do As a bystander.


If you older niggas would like to fuck 19 year olds then have at it. But there's a way to do that so that it stays y'all business. And me as a bystander don't have anything to say about it. Mm. That, that's what I was kind of thinking. Like it sounds, The reason we don't really hear, I'm not, I don't know their business. There's Plenty of these old niggas that's running around getting they rocks off with these 18 and 19-year-old women. We know that we not stupid, Bro. It's a lot of them niggas doing the same shit that Shannon is accused of doing. Yeah. Why? We don't know. There Is a way that that stuff has to happen. They're They're doing the other side of that too. Whatever, for whatever reason.


When the person, when the victim feels like talking now Yeah. That's where the door gets opened. What also opens up, we don't hear that in, in a Leo case, a a Belichick case. We ain't heard nobody that they've dated come out and say nothing. We see pictures. We see, okay, he's with this young girl. He's with this young girl, but we see 'em smiling. Yeah. Yeah. So we don't think nothing's wrong. We don't know what's going on behind closed doors. We still make jokes, shit in the world. We make jokes. But in, in the Shannon case, the details we heard, there is no jokes to make here. Yeah. And, and I'm not in the business of tearing black men down. So I certainly won't use this opportunity to tear down Shannon. But I'd be lying if I said my position wasn't thinking that he did a fantastic job doing that on his own.


It wasn't anybody's place to do that. Mm. Yeah. For Shannon to be Shannon now has to go into one of the greatest fall offs you ever saw. Yeah. Right. At the right, at the, In in, in the event that you had great things happening for Shannon the way I did. Yeah. Well great. That they were happening. They, they started to happen. If you got 10 million on the hush on the settlement, then great things are happening. This, this is going down as, this isn't the fucking, this is worse than Jonathan Majors. This is, this Is, this is way worse. Way worse. This is way worse than John Johnson Majors was still Ascending. John Majors was on the cusp of almost getting there. Shannon had gotten there, Right? No, that that's, and then jumped off In a second career Were Oh yeah.


Third maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Because He is been broadcasting for a little bit and then So many broadcast contemp. So many of his contemporaries I'm sure hated him and the trajectory he was on. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, if I believe in particular, if I believe the Shaq, well then there's the Shaq rumors going around about the role that Shaq played. Shaq is New Jersey. Yep. There's heavy, heavy allegations there. So I'm gonna choose to skip it. That's not what I do here. But if you believe the text messages that are going around that she posted or the, her team posted about all of the media people that Shannon didn't fuck with.


Yeah. He's definitely not. It was a long list. Yeah, it was a long list. Yeah. He said, but he did say I'm cordial with them. He's just getting up there talking all this. You just met this girl. Why you confiding in fuck only fan girl? And if you do that, get the OnlyFans girl whose subscription costs a little more than old. Because that's the other thing. When you see Bill Belichick and them do it long hair tall, Flaco like one of The big fucking will or whatever the fucking thing saying, Don't just show me the bitch.


That's $4 a month that you confiding in. No, that's not how this goes. Why, why do we do that? Can y'all break that down? Because I feel like Well if the subscription's for Oh wait, wait, what part you was talking, Sometimes they do the special, you know Yeah. The bundle. Remember remember in Jungle Fever? When was it Yeah. In Jungle Fever. When, when, when Sam Jackson was talking about black male white women. He was like, when a white man get a black woman, she's a penthouse pet. When a white, when a black man get a white woman, she's a outhouse pet. Yeah. It, his whole point was we reached so far below when they're a white woman in terms of attractiveness, in terms of all that stuff. Yeah. Why the fuck do and I that seems to be the pattern. Like as long as they white, we happy That Yeah.


That's what it be. Is it that something nigga just wanna give them a white chick? They go for the mid of the mid pack. I'm not gonna do that. A Lot of these fair, we Gonna tell the truth. No, I'm not debating on it. We telling the Truth. A lot of these niggas run around just to say, I got my white, I got my white with, I don't care what, what it looked like. Right. You mediocre. I agree with that. I'm just saying that that's not gonna be my position with with, with him. No, we not saying he, he asking the question why in general. And that is what happens a lot of the time. Niggas just be so glad to get a white chick. They don't care what she look like. Trash. She seem to be fit. I I don't think he would've a comfortable, a Black boy. You couldn't bag hot a hotter white chick. Yeah. For all. Like, I ain't, I don't want to jungle fever this sound niggas, niggas that date bad white joints.


Yeah. Fired white joint. It is, It is time where I stepped out and the chick across from me was the bad white joint fired nigga you got. Hey, hey. You give in. Hey, what, what's Rebecca? What's up? Yo, Sarah. Hey vanilla. Hey. I, He might've had them. We never saw this chick with him. You Didn't. We don't. But they play the game. They know what they doing. They ain't said nothing. We didn't know this chick existed until she started talking. Nigga Michelle didn't sound like she was hot. She didn't sound like she Was hot. Yeah. I that she could have been hot. I'm saying that tape didn't sound like What I'm saying though.


And I, and I'm moving to goal post now. I'm just, I'm just saying when you of certain ilk, certain behaviors have to stop. I don't give a fuck how you was raised. I don't care how you grew up. Yeah. You right. Some of these niggas grew up with that dark skinned, ugly nigga complex. Yeah. Yes. And some of them was shooting at the right hoop and it just didn't go their way. So now in the little white school that they went to or all the white trails that they went through to become a successful athlete, now you just in white land. So whether that be the bad one or the mid one, that's just where you at. You're not even shooting his sisters no more. But Shannon coulda got him shit for the money that this little white girl was talking about. Yeah. Y'all acting like this. The only white girl. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. We don't know what he had.


She's just the one talking. Well that's why 'cause she, that's why I'm only addressing her. Whoever else he got, for lack of a better term, is Covert. Yes. Is in silence. There's nothing to say when you're moving in silence, as was she. Whatever your kink, what if you went into some wild, kinky freak boy shit, it should be in silence. Yeah. That's when they start doing all the NDAs. Yo the celebrity sex clubs in LA where you have to hand in your passport and sign the application and it's super, super secretive. Like there's ways to do it.


You just bugging the fuck out. Yes. Yeah. I agree too much and have the means to do the fly shit. Right. And Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You can't do that if you know you have a a, a nine figure negotiation in front of you. I'm not trying to make this all about the money, but at some point we just gotta use our fucking heads here. Yeah, I agree. If, if I'm wilding when it's negotiation time, I stopped. It's that simple. Why, Why white Away if I smoke weed when it's piss test time, I stop. I stop. Yeah. It is not that fucking deep It And you niggas, It is portraying yourself as fucking media mavens and geniuses and slip up at the worst possible spots.


And it's sad to fucking see It is. It is. It is sad. It's sad To your piss test theory or your your piss test example, some of them been getting away with it. Some of 'em drink the tea. Not even They go get the T or I Piss, oh I got a good talk game and I could talk to him. All right. All right. I'm gonna let you go this time. I'm not gonna do it. Right. I've been getting away with this. Yeah. So I don't think nothing bad is gonna come from it. Right. Until it happens and it's like, oh shit, now I done fucked up. Well, if I was playing the odds, a 19-year-old white girl wouldn't be the odd I would play to not get in trouble. Yeah. It detox. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Go date somebody your fucking age Or not far from it.


When you 56 dog, you got the whole 40 and ups. There's 40 and ups out there. 35, 35 is perfect. Yo, if you got 25,000 per cheek, if you got it like that yo dog, you do not have to fuck little tiny Alice. Yeah, but you know what though? It's the same thing when we, when we had the Tracy Ellis conversation And I said to me it sounded like she wanted to do some shit to people that the older niggas might not have been with. Some of them older chicks ain't going for this shit that he want. You gotta get somebody that he was into some wild shit going about her message. Can we talk about some of that wild shit for a minute? Sure. Sure. Please. So, And then we'll go to an ad.


Oh, I'm, I'm downing, I'm king shaming now. I know. I said we don't kink shame. That's off the table. I am. I'm king shaming now. I saw your tweet and I agree with it so much. You said you were talking about king shaming and I was like, yeah, generally I don't but slave play in particular and, and this isn't technically slave play but it's in that genre. It's, it's in the room, you know, even the text message, I want you to put a big black baby in me all once people start talking like that to a black person and they not black It is going down a certain lane. Yes. And that seemed to be the type of time he was on as far as like wanting certain kinds of sex. You be talked to a certain way to treat her a certain kind of way. And like you said, if you got that big black buck complex, then you feel like you getting a little bit of you getting it off. Some get back by tossing the girl from ine around and shit.


So niggas watching rosewood. Right. Right. I think that, I think there's a misconception that when we say, or when I say lemme speak for us, I don't kink shame that you're admonishing all rules that come along with having a kink. And that's not what I'm saying. No Word. I'm not gonna kink shame 'cause I don't kink shame. That's not in my ministry. Whatever gets your dick going or your vagina going behind closed doors is your business. And I can't tell you nothing about it no matter how egregious it may seem to me. However, you shouldn't text your kink. I shouldn't know your kink. Yeah. Texting a kink is very, now you've entered the world of legalities.


That's right. Now you've entered the world of public opinion. Yeah. It's almost like that unwritten rule of or joke in in my household of hey, whatever we say during sexy time, you can't wake up in the morning and start talk about it telling me what the fuck I said when Fuck No, fuck no, no, No, you can't do that. No, that's against, that's that ain't law. That was in nigga that was in the s that was in That. Yeah. Man, shit. Shit. I don we'll hear that again. Right. Your sun is up, yo nigga, I feel nigga, it's like a vampire nigga. I start my body start to burn all that shit. I Don All that Shit. I said, nigga, I was in the, that was in the moment I was talk Ny knew that about that.


Yeah. I I just think he broke a lot of rules that and He just owe Joe it. Oh. And she, he owed Older is supposed to mean wiser. No, Not for everybody. Not for everyone. Not for Everybody Ain't Supposed to. And on top of that, like I feel I'm not blaming anyone, I just feel Hmm. No, I think them football niggas got a different type of aggression and just because you stop playing football Yeah. Don't mean that. It's like aggression goes away. I I always refer back to ghosts power season one where every time ghosts went and killed somebody, he went and fucked Angela or his wife with a different type of dick Having Visions of the murder.


Like that was telling the story. I believe that to be true though. I've never killed anybody. I could see football players having to still get that shit off when they not on the field. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Especially if you, and I'm not talking about Shannon now. If you putting certain things in your body, if you're juicing, you don't know what effects other things are having On you. We, we've seen retired football players, you know Snap Yeah. With A lot of aggression and then it's CTE and it's stuff like that. Like we, we See that another piece. We, we seen a whole pattern of this. So yeah, they do have that aggression way after leaving the game. And back to Ryan Kugler's point, this don't happen if you don't invite him in. That's it, man.


Yeah. This Don't happen if you don't invite him in, He invite him in. For real. I saw a preview of a football movie too with Marlon Wayne's and the movie Did. I don't support him. Marlon Wayne. It's not Marlon Wayne's I don't support. That's Jordan Peele. Oh yeah. Peele. Oh you don't support him? I don. Nope. Y'all got beef? No, I don't got beef With him. I just Don't Stylistically I'm not into his, his Name to me says no when I see his name on it, I'm cool. His name. I'm not gonna lie, senators was like a Jordan Peele, but like, Y'all gotta explain. Well done. Yeah. I was about to say that's, I think that's an insult to Ron Cougar, but I see what you're saying. Yeah, I see what you're saying. Yeah. Explain that to me later. That's my point. Explain it to Me later of, of why I don't. 'cause now he Too times.


That's all Son Teaches What? He just fooled me too many times. There's Black people that pull on the equity differently. The the, there's black people that use the, their Hollywood green green light to tell other stories. Okay. I like Jordan Peel too. And maybe lean on Love It Black and maybe lean on the blackness for marketing or, or a very surface level, low hanging fruit type of storyline in terms of societal norms and racism and historically yada yada yada yada. Okay. It was nothing but nuance and substance and culture in that, in that Ryan Coogler shit. Yeah. Some, somebody that just breezed by the culture can't do it. You can't fake it.


It is back to the Kendrick Drake point that I'm leaving. But that's what I'm trying to say. That what You're saying, That's what It is. That's what Ryan Coogler versus Jordan Peele is For me. Like Didn didn't rush to all that Jordan Peele shit. Like Any Jordan Peel movie that you did, like Joe, any Jordan Pierre movie that you liked initially? I'm sure he had one out Get Out and Out Was fired. I like the Aliens one with what's her name. I like that one. I hated the Oh No. Yeah, I ain't fuck with that either. I like that one. Absolutely. Hated. No, Hated. I hated that. I hated, hated that. I hated, I think I It out too. Whatever the one is where they ended up holding hands at the end. Oh that's, that was horrible. And us, IIII hate, that's probably one of my worst movies ever.


But really it was, and and I I can admit it, it was the marketing behind the movie that like, it set a expectation going into it. Yeah. And when I saw the movie I'm like, okay, y'all, y'all are bullshitting with me. This is like Yeah, he's on the list. Yeah. Yeah. Jordan Pool and him are on the same list to me. Yeah. And I feel like all those are the same movies A little bit me a little bit Get Out was good. My favorite thing that Jordan Peele introduced me to was the slowing down of hiphop classics to make it sound like some Freddie Krueger Anthem. And that was working for us. Just that alone was working. Everybody Stole that. Everybody get out And I Love it. Get Out was with the, the guy escaping from the white people that was trying to having tied in the basement. Yeah. Yeah.


Got it. Sunken place. All I thought that was, that's my favorite one. Got it. That was amazing. That was amazing. But his stuff feels a little didactic at times. Like it feels very like heavy handed and like it's, there's just no subtlety to it. You remember like a don't be miss maybe like message. Yeah. Sometimes I feel like that's what he's doing. Whereas with, I'm talking about appeal, but with Ryan Cou It is the exact opposite. Like that buddy guy scene was probably the most didactic of the whole thing. And that happened as a postscript. The rest of the film was subtle and smooth. And I don't feel like I get that sometimes it feels, it just, it feels like too much and it feels like, it feels like Twitter banter sometimes is films for me. Like, it feels like how people who talk about race on Twitter Exactly like the biracialism. So not speaking on behalf of us.


What he thinks us is. Yeah, he is, He's us thinks He is. And he's doing that for some People. Yeah. Got it. Okay. Yeah. It's a certain kind of person. Can I ask you a rich person question related to to Oh yeah, you rich nigga answer I'm not A Rich person. Rich person. Answer it then nigga this Is from the poorest to the rich ones. No, no, no, no. We not gonna do that. When you hear the question, you'll understand from the rich to the rich. I rode down your block the other day. You Aint going down my block. Go ahead though. No Bar live in that good side of town. We don't have blocks. I know where He's at about, I know where I rode in that area the other day. Nah, Nah, nah, we don't let y'all in. Oh shit. I would've gotten an alert. Citizen Citizens act other shit.


Niggas. Exactly. I've gotten an alert. Shannon Sharp acknowledged his attorney acknowledged that they offered up to $10 million as a settlement. What up to 10 million? He said tens of million 10. So that could have been 20 million. That's the cr So man, strategically, That feels crazy to me. 'cause to me what the public hear is when they say I offered her 10 million is I did something wrong. You, you give away a million as a nuisance. Right. If you, if I'm looking, let's assume he's really looking at a hundred s Right. You'll do a million for a nuisance. A nuisance suit. 'cause you don't want no problems Dog. I will do 10, 15 if, if I'm looking at a hundred, If it's a real hundred. Yeah. And you Can fuck this hundred up. Yeah.


What do I, oh, you ask his question. I have, I I guess I'm asking, I can't speak from it from What's the number that makes you say, I don't, I don't care if I didn't do it. I'm still not, I'm still not spending this much money. It's all, it's all relative to how much you make. Okay. It's All And how much is that at Risk? It's all, it's all relative to how much you make and will make. Yes. That's what I was Saying. So then did he misplay this? Because it seems to me if she's, let's say she was asking for 20, in retrospect, she just giving up to 20, That's when your nedo comes, kicks in Because You'll read something and you don't feel like you've done too much.


Too much this crazy. You'll live with the results. You read something be like 20 million. No, I don't, that's not in my mind. Body. I have a question For you. It's the same shit we we talked about with Puff and Cassie. Mm, yes. That's a good Example. Where it was in hindsight, Well, it's a bad example because in the arts that we talking about the person is innocent. I'm just saying in The Cassie shit, they, he knew what the fuck he Yeah, he knew what it was cool. And he still said no. That's a different type of arrogance. Yeah. That's next level We talking about just making the right decision. Not in your arrogance and your pride and your ego. It still sounds like arrogance though. And to be clear, I'm not suggesting he's innocent.


Just in this hypothetical. Well, yeah. Yes. In the hypothetical. If you didn't do, 'cause that's what keeps going. That's the question that keeps going around. If you're innocent, why would you pay $10 million? Why would you offer, that's what keeps going around. And that's what I'm gonna ask you. And if you've never been in this situation then, and if you've never sniffed that type of coin, then no, it's not gonna make sense to you. There's there's not many people out there listening that can relate to being, to having nine figures on the table in the coming months. You know What they can relate to. I didn't do this crime, but I'm gonna ask Joe. But they saying you take it to trial, you look it at this or you take the plea and you take this. Yeah. And a lot of niggas will take that plea on an innocent because the other side is very true just too. It it, It is too costly On the other side.


It It is true in the world of criminality, I I haven't entered that world. I'm still in business politics. That's what I was gonna ask you Joe. I'm not in criminal anything yet. There are people that were not, were completely innocent. Not in the criminal world that took the plea because they telling them you Mean like they settled? Yes. It's a settle. It's the same thing. It's a settlement. It's a different settlement in the world of criminality. Trading time versus trading your coin is what I'm gonna keep focusing on. Okay. They say to you in this world, Listen, I've been, I I, and when I was going through something like this, they said, yo can't nobody tell you what to do in this situation but you, 'cause you the only one that knows how much you make and how much you will make, get, take all emotions out of it.


It don't matter who's right and it don't matter who's wrong. We are only doing math right now. Right. And once that was said, well it changes the whole scope. Yeah. Got it. That's why I think Shannon did bad math. I think ego gets into it. Yeah. Like 10 million is a lot of money. If you feel like you innocent and you was just on some BDSM consensual section. Yeah. 10 million is a lot to dig in your pocket and, and give somebody, and that's Where somebody was supposed to tell you cool consensual BDSM, shit, we here now this noise that she's making, that a hundred million on the table and the next one, that two 50 that might come down the line, this could cost you that.


That's what I'm saying. He makes so Now weigh those numbers, weigh this 10 million here versus 350 million here. He makes 6.7 million I believe a year at ESPN. I think that's the estimates. It's somewhere in that neighborhood. Give or take a a a hundred thousand a year. He, he's looking at a hundred thousand dollars, a hundred million dollar contract and he's relatively young for media. He could have made a quarter of a billion dollars before he died. And by not spending that 10 or whatever the number is, 20 whatever 20 he may have cost himself all of that Money. And that's where a real advisor comes in and shows you what's really at risk here. Right. You're right. But the reality of it was, and I hate to say this 'cause I'm, I'm rooting for him to do what's great as he could.


The reality of it was he was probably shooting high for the hundred. So let's Sure. So let's chop it in hat. That's fair. Let's say he landed at 50. Now that 10 million looks different. Yeah. Yeah. Because after taxes, that's 25 and now you're giving 10 of it. That looks like To the growth of my end. Yeah. I'm putting all my chips to the table to try to get this out the way or keep it low until I secure my deal. That's Real. That's real. And that might have been his calculation and who knows what she was actually asking for because Right. I'm, because the, I don't care what she was asking for. I care about what he offered you offer 10. Yeah. That's wild. Speaks volumes. That that, yeah. That says a lot. That's a lot. See when we were, when we were recording last time, I had only heard that from her attorney. Right. But that came from his attorney. Oh, we gotta look at this totally different part.


Yeah. Which again, bad strategy. But anyway I just, And mediation costs a lot of money. I'm curious to know if they attempted that Wasn't that number offered in mediation? That's that's I didn't Hear that. I didn't hear that. You might be right. Didn didn't hear It. I didn't didn didn't hear in mediation. But we can we can check that. Yeah. My god. But mediation costs money. These attorneys cost money and when you're in these settlement talks, they tell you the longer this goes more costs, It is only bad for the person that makes the money. Like the longer this goes, It is only bad for you. And in the event that you lose and it only take one person for you to lose, then you paying me and you paying her attorneys as and you paying her attorneys as well.


Yeah. Like you just start doing math. I'm sorry, my phone. You just start half, you start doing math and it becomes, yeah, it becomes a lot. His Davis, who was his, his attorney also said Sharp was willing to pay at least 10 million in a settlement for the accused of silence. The two were amid mediation prior to the lawsuit being filed. So that's from mediation. That's from mediation. Wow. So we already here, So there must be a lot because I, I talked to a, I talked to my brother who, who does the one who, Hey Frazier, the other one. The one who represents Frazier's. Yeah. Hey man, yo. Yo, he's an attorney Racist. I'm sticking up for Frazier. I don't fuck with Mark beef this Frazier. Anyway, go ahead. And I asked him, I said, what do you think this would be worth to a jury based on the information we have right now?


He said probably, he said, I'll be trying to get somewhere around two to 5 million as an outcome. And when I see these kinds of cases, I don't see people get, let's assume Shannon's guilty of everything. I don't see him getting $20 million from a jury. So I'm wondering what she was, what her game plan is. 'cause most people will take 10 million when you don't have any money and you got, and you looking at a $10 million payoff. And again, I'm not, could Be something more in there And that's my point. I'm thinking it has to be a whole lot more in there or there's a lot of embarrassing stuff that isn't guilt or innocence, but that he just doesn't want the world to know. More texts, more stories, more change. No, I mean, I mean something more in there in terms of there's a bigger goal here. Not just not just to get money.


Oh, What do you thinking like to get famous? No, we need to take this all the way through to end him and whatever money we get from the jury is just what we get. Got it. Like there's a bigger plan here. Got You. Yeah, I don't look at it like that either. Right. Like at this point when one person is playing with house money, and this is where the lawyer games start to come into play because you have the bus bees of the world and the likes of him going to victims and saying, no matter how long this takes, it's not gonna cost you a dime and if we lose, it's not gonna cost you a dime. Right. That's that. That's The new lawyers. Oh yeah. So now It is nothing lose here and I think you can get way more than this tent.


I think the floor that we looking at is 25. Jesus. Wow. So then, then you're not, so then you got one side that appears a little unrealistic but rightfully so. And one side that's working with whatever they're working with and it's just, it's just a clash. It's tough, it's tough. Again, good luck to all parties involved. Prayers to the victims. I'm sure we'll hear more here and sure more will be revealed as they say indeed. My last question to you, does this legitimize Buzzby at all for you? No. No because Broken clock is right twice a day. I was just about To say Yeah.


Got it. Yeah. Got it. Alright. It's time for my favorite part of the show. Price pick.


Alright. Price Fix is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash with millions of members. Prize fixes made daily fantasy sports accessible to all. It's really simple and easy to play. All you have to do is select two or more players, look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win big. Unfortunately I do not have the lines in front of me and my line giver is out at a funeral. So pick carefully is what I will say to you. I want to pick a bunch of nicks but I ain't gonna freestyle the line and fuck it up for people out there. But just pick carefully. Use wisdom and be strategic and use promo code J-J-B-B-B for your chance to win $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. Again, if you download the PrizePicks at right this second and use promo code JBB, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


With that being said, all is right in the universe. Got call, gotta make a phone song. Make a heading. I thought you was gonna do it. Yo all is right again in the universe. Wanna see if my good friend and Jar Jack will answer his phone? Me and him have been doing his thing where we talk after every game. What? Yo, this is Joe button. May I speak to Jared Jack please. This is him. What do you have to say to you for yourself? All is back right in the world. All is back right?


All is back. Right home court is restored where it's supposed to be. Big Bodega Bitch y'all around y'all ain't y'all. Y'all didn't want to fight when your man beef stew ain't around. Y'all ain't so tough, huh? Yeah right. You shit. And then, but when you that game You breaking up. You breaking up Jared, Jack, go to the good side of the house so we can hear what you gotta say about the pistol ons. Oh damn. Wow. Oh shit. I can't hear what you got to say about the pistol ons. Damn. It looks like we, we've lost our connection with Jared Jack.


Hello? And I ain't Pat McAfee so I don't know if we'll get him back. Hello? There you go. Hey We Good? We good? We good. What's, what's up bro? What you gotta say for yourself? Hey man, very entertaining game. Last game though. We, you know, had some hiccups that we going to clean up. We right here in practice right now. Hey, forward to right. Hey looks, looks like you guys were introduced to the NBA Clutch player of the year. Who was that you talking about? Mr. Brunson? It looks like you guys had a good firm understanding on why Mr. Brunson won NBA clutch player of the year amongst all that Cade chatter that was going on.


It is over yo. Yeah, I lost him. Damn man. Lost him anyway. All is back right in the world. The Knicks are up to one. The Giants had an amazing first round of the NFL draft. What would you guys like to get to the draft? Shado Sanders? Is it racism? They right, they all right. The Giants had a great first round. Yes, because I saw the report card shit. They, they gave him a d I don't know where, I don't know what it meant. I don't know where you saw that. Abdu cars for some people the number one Travis was also, I don't know where you saw that. Freeze Ab dual curing. Most Publications give us a a, not a a plus, but I'm not getting mine from that.


I'm getting mine from just having eyes and a little bit of football knowledge. Like Park said, Abdul Carter was ranked as the number one player on some boards. He Was just injured last year. He, he's coming off of injury. If the Titans don't need a quarterback, if the first, if if, if the teams ahead of the Giants don't need a quarterback, Abdu Carter probably comes off the board first or second and, and forget about that. You now have a frontline of Thibodaux, Dexter, Lawrence, Brian Burns, and now Abdul Carter's. Nice. Deon. That has to sound like terror. Yeah, that's a nice Deon.


I don't care what happens on offense now. But now you still, but now you still go and trade two third rounders I think to move up to the first round to get your quarterback of the future, which is Jackson Dart. Some people say that should have been shado but I I thought it should have been shado as well. However, the scouting report on Jackson Dark seems Josh Allen ish is what they say. Big guy that likes to just gun sling it and toss it around. They say we got the white version of Jamis Winston. That's what they're saying. I don't know enough about him to say, but I know the Giants are not drafting a black quarterback. I'm shocked. We even have two black quarterbacks in our quarterback room. So Yeah, y'all got the black Jamis Winston too, right? We got Jamis Winston, we got Russell Wilson.


We got DeVito, our Italian dude. Oh yeah, you still got Yeah, and we got and we got Jackson Dark. So must be nice to have a quarterback. The Giants had a really, really, really amazing first round. I can't wait to See that, that D-line in person. And we still got picks. Yeah. Yeah, we still got picks. I'm happy with my dolphins. We picked Kenny Grant, who's a monster D tackle. He is like 6 4, 3 50 and ran like a four eight s clips of him running down a running back 20 yards down the the field. I'm excited. Okay. How did my Eagles do? They did, they picked up, what's her man, the linebacker from Alabama who's, who's really good.


They, they always fucking tried How was the best in the game. So I I just always assumed that the Eagles did the best. That's what I'm Hoping for. What's my man? I got it right. And after that Jalen Carter pick Jahad Campbell. He's nice. Oh, okay. So, so football question because again, I don't, I don't know. I know very little. Sorry, sorry y'all, I'm getting talk. I'm sorry y'all. Someone's interrupting us. We have one of the best episodes of the year. Someone's interrupting. Hello? Hey man, I just wanna let you know I'm not running for the smoke So it look like Clay. Well I see y'all Sunday for game four. What do you think about the back court herd around the world? I think the explanation that was told to us was new.


We've never heard of that until The me either. I love when a fake rule leans in favor of your team. The momentum carrying you over half court. Oh man, you, You going, you going, you, you going to take that? You like That? I absolutely Love it. I absolutely Love it. Listen man, good luck y'all. I had a good year. We gonna make this thing three. We gonna make stop stop past tense. We gonna make this thing three one by the next time I speak to you and then we will see what happens from there. But you, you boys definitely. Y'all had a good time at game two. When I went to get, when I went to the concession stand to get my seafood, I saw a nigga that looked exactly like Tobias Harris standing behind me.


What do you know? Who would've thought Tobias Harris's brothers look exactly like Tobias Harris had a great talk with them and I'm phony so I said, yo, tell your brother I love him. I I I love what he's doing. Follow him on the gram. That's my brothers just not today. I love Tobi his Harris. That's my brother. Even though I did kick his back in when he was on the Sixers. We talked about that too. I did too. Sounds about right. But listen man, y'all did good jar. Y'all did good. Ain't no stop speaking in passing to me. That's disrespectful, But alright, alright, alright. But alright, I I'll stop speaking to you like that. If you just say this with me real quick. I'm Not gonna be, his name is Jaylen Brunson. I will not repeat those words. Come on please.


No, no Thank you. His name is Jaylen Brunson. No Thank you. Yo, y'all even pulled out some Detroit celebrities trying to have like an aura, trying to have atmosphere. I seen Chris Webb in the building. Oh, she, You saw us out there. Yeah, I see Jalen Rose out there. Who else was out there? I seen a couple bad bitches out. Y'all trying to, y'all trying to have some aura out there. I Like, hey, don't, don't hate on our court side dog. Just make sure you know the seating chart when we come back up there. That's a good word. Hey, hey, we squashed it. Hey me and me and fifth is good now Congratulations man. Y'all unified for the Knicks. Ain't that cute? Yo, listen to this. Let tell you this, before we hang up a lot of New York niggas heading to game four, I spoke to him.


There's gonna be a lot of New York niggas at at game four in the pistol on stadium, I mean in in the pistol ons Palace Tell 'em to come on through. Tell 'em to come in, tell him to break, tell 'em to behave Though. Come have a Coney come have a come have a Coney on y'all. What do you think? Hey Man, we we with it. We With it. Hey, hey. I might see y'all for game five. I got alright boy, my man. Love you boy. All right. Peace. Peace. I love when people don't run from the don't run from it if you can. Shit, when you win, respect, respect it. He call back, answer the call when you lose. That's our boy jar Jack friend of the show. Yes sir. We love him. Yes Sir. And again, shout to the pistons for all they've done, but we gonna take good, good kid up Before we go to football.


There's a basketball thing that came up too since we talking hoop real quick. Oh let's do it. The NBA players association, NBA players rather do their voting. You always get the players' versions like MVP most improved, et cetera. They rank the league's most overrated player, all the NBA players or 90 votes, 90 NB players voted. So it's a significant number. Not a lot. I mean it's only 12 on each team. It's 425 players. Yeah, it's 90, it's not even half. Yeah. Say 25% of the, I mean shit that's, I think that's a good sample is all I'm saying. Let's, let's see. I wish they all voted most by far the most overrated player in the NBA by the players' assessment. Tyrese, Halliburton. Damn. Wow. Interesting.


I thought That was super interesting. They might be right. That's them saying that he not like that. Exactly. It's not that he not nice. Okay, but you not like That. Right? It's not what they make. He's Okay Because number two was Rudy Gobert, which is a consistent thing. Yes. I'm rolling, I'm rolling. Tyree Halliburton got 14.4% Of the 90 vocals. Yeah. Rudy Gobert got 10% under him. Was Trey Young at 9%? Nah, I don. No, no, no, no. Then to Joe's point, once you get to the three and 2%, to me that's just a two or three people saying they don't like you. You know what I mean? Because after that was Jimmy Butler, Bradley Beal who I think might be right too. Draymond, Ja, Morant, Julius Randall and Joe Damn.


Yeah. Yeah. Ja again, some of It is the you not like that. Like if, if if you're projected to be a superstar and they're like, yeah, maybe he's not a Superstar. 14% outta the nineties, 12 people. Yeah man. And while we're here, let me say that, let me say again for the second or third year in a row, I absolutely hate what the NBA has done to the most improved player award. Yeah. You've been, you've been on that since y'all won it. It's ridiculous. Now You don't like it when like the stars get, when you go from like year one to year two of like a superstar. You want it to be like the more of like a, a Kade Kade is is is Oh Yeah. Projected to win. Oh yeah. That's stupid. I don't like that either. I don't like That either. He's up for the finalists in the most improved. Yeah. And if you've seen any Cleveland Cavalier game this year, then that white boy that comes off the bench that they'll probably give six men of the year should also win most improved player of the year.


If you know his story and you see what they're doing, they damn near they, they second number one in the East 60 something wins outta nowhere. Nobody projected that. Like come on, stop playing with him. That's How it was back in the Day. Cade is the number one pick. Yeah. Most improved. Didn't used to go to superstars. When they go win stars become superstars. It used to be guys who didn't expect And names we didn't know didn't even know Em. Right, right. Yeah. Alright, so football, Football. Break it down for me, y'all, I don't understand this. I saw please all year people telling me Shado Sanders was gonna be maybe a, a top five pick. Then I heard one from number one to top five to top 10 as of this recording, he hasn't been drafted yet. They had a full first day of drafting.


He doesn't get drafted and I see reports on the internet. Some people saying it's because he's a unquote thug or because they don't like his style or it's attitude. Then I see other people saying that it's all a Rus and he's just not that good. He's overrated and, and the, the GMs know that and I don't know anything about football, so I have no idea what's true. I think There's a little spruce of a little bit of both things have some levels of truth to him. I think that this quarterback class was pretty widely regarded as not as strong as previous quarterback classes. I think in other years chador would've definitely been a second round pick. I do think that he is a good quarterback. I also do think that he and his family have clout and can kind of pick where they go. So they may have went to interviews with certain teams and gave a bad interview on purpose.


Got you. Like, I don't wanna be in wherever. Fill in the blank. Like I heard he totally shitted the Giants interview. Yeah. Really? I heard that. I heard that too. So then when the Giants trade up and you there It is like, okay, you're not on that list. You don't Wanna come here, you don't Wanna be here. Yeah. And not just that, that word gets out like Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Small Business. Yeah. So now other people are like, oh, this how you moving, eh? Yeah. So I think that it's, it's a little bit of both. I think that he is a good quarterback and I think he will probably develop into a good NFL quarterback. Like a starter. Yeah. I think it'll be a starter. Yeah. It, his comp is to a, a Second and third round pick is a starter. You should Be right. Yeah. It may take him a while to get used to the game.


I guess one of the knocks on him is like on some Madden shit, when you run backwards trying to evade some tackles and get little outta yards, ack for that happens to him a lot. But he does have good accuracy and timing. He's got some things to work on. Okay. And I think some teams are turned off by the whole Sanders experience, for Better or worse. I think it's more of that. I think, I think both things can be true, but I think the teams being turned off by the flashiness and the Sanders shit is, is weighing more on it for him. There are teams, Hey, the Steelers who absolutely need a quarterback. I thought he was going there When I saw him make it past, I, bro, I was getting off a plane with the AirPod in, and as soon as I saw pick nine and he wasn't picked, I'm like, I'm looking at the rest of the teams.


They all got quarterbacks, right? I'm like, we 21. Yes. I've been saying forever. I've been telling y'all I want AEOMG quarterback. I don't want one of these old washed up niggas who on his way out the league, I give AEOMG quarterback a shot and let him develop with the team. Shit. Almost ruined your whole PJ experience. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Economy. Shit. I almost ruined the whole jet shit. I stepped off the jet and seen yo, we Economy. The economy. Giant. Yeah. Economy, but economy Jet. But yeah, I almost like, once I saw that, I said, okay, there's, to me it was just something a little bit more at play. I will say the Browns have two picks in the top four of the second round. I would expect him probably to maybe go to one of those If he doesn't get drafted in the top half of the second round or in the second round at all.


Are we then willing to say, this is not about football. It's not about football now. I Don't think it's about football. Yeah. I'm gonna say it's not about football Now. Everything that every I I'm on the side of everything that you hear is true. Okay. Everything that you hear is true. All sides of it. The racism in football, the history and in terms of the, the Lamar Jacksons and the yada yada y, all of that's there. Talent wise. All of that could be true. Projection wise. You're not the tallest, you're not the be arm strength is not. That's true. There are, this was a weak quarterback class. Next year's projected to be a really strong quarterback class next two Years. Yeah. Every, everything that people are saying is true.


Yeah. The family, Deion Sanders, what comes with that? There's nobody's wrong. And I mean, let's keep it a buck, like a lot of like all that extra shit he did for the draft. People don't want that. What, What was he doing? I I, he Got a whole custom draft room built with all of this shit in there. All the, oh shit. Like it was a lot. You can't make a draft room him if you're not in the first round Show. I could see him going to New Orleans at eight in the second round too. Actually, that would make sense with a, a less than ideal arm strength being in a dome for a majority of your games. Oh Yeah. You want him in a dome. Yeah. I could See that. Being, Being and and whoever's getting them is getting them at great value. Absolutely. Oh, absolutely. Getting them great value. It is gonna be a hell of a pick. Yeah. Yeah.


And, and I, and I hate that this celebratory moment for this guy has turned into the, oh, what a let down. You didn't get picked in the first round. No. You light. See, I'm not, I'm not, I also, I don't, I I also don't think that that's entirely maybe the case. I don't know the family obviously, but I think internally they may have somewhere that they want to go and are not mad that they didn't end up having to go to Cleveland or where would They want to go? If, if you're, if you're, I Would imagine the Sanders family would love something like Dallas. I could see New Orleans being something that would maybe, I don't know the, again, I don't know them. They may have somewhere that they love as a family. Are you thinking Whatever market or are you thinking like, just saying Team's a combination of market and city. They are more informed than the parents of the kid who haven't gone through any of this NFL shit ever usually Draft.


They have more intel. That Makes sense. Okay. And more pull. Yeah. To be like, no, we're, we're not. If you draft us, like what happened with Eli back in the day, I, we've seen other teams happen, like other Situation gent to the Raiders. It is fucked up. My entire fantasy plan right now. I have no idea what's going on. Why? Because it's always the one rookie running back that you know, is gonna get a heavy load that's gonna be projected top four in fantasy to throw off the whole first round of fantasy. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Pete, Pete, Gerald there too. Yeah, he's gonna Cook. It's gonna be a little tricky. It is. Push The door though. I, I, once I saw this happen, I'm just like, it makes me root for immortal For sure.


Now I want you to, wherever you go, I want you to kill it. Make everybody pay. Sure. Yeah. I think Lamar Jackson again, we watched all of y'all skip me and now y'all are gonna pay. Yeah. Not saying he has the same talent, but I'm just saying I'm, I'm rooting for him even more now. He, he is an entertaining football player. At the very least, he's a good football player. I think if he ends up in a team that he likes and a coach that he likes and a city that he likes, he will absolutely thrive. Yeah. I'm rooting for, and again, I think that his, he's got the pull to Yep. Make that happen. And I think some of these other teams know he ain't gonna, yeah, this Ain't gonna work out. We we're not gonna waste it. Yeah. Let's go det tackle or whatever. But It is definitely some racism and probably, Yeah, there's always racism with black quarterbacks.


Right. But when it comes to the NFL, right, like, like Mark just said, if, if we're talking NFL, racism is at play. And I don't think you get to conveniently pull the card because if we're all here, then it's a racism you can root for that you're fine with. If you're, if the racism is palatable for you, then go cowboys. So I don't want that shit. Speaking of celebrity sons, This Elijah Arena's thing, what the hell happened? Yeah. Yeah. So the report came out. It was very vague. It just said he was involved in a car accident, taken to the hospital and was in a coma. Oh Shit. Oh. So then more information came out.


I believe it was Vlad who said he spoke to Gilbert Arenas and said he was, he had an accident, the vehicle caught on fire and it was a lot of smoke inhalation. And what they do is they just induce you ah, to get rid of the smoke. To get rid of the smoke. But it did last I've read, he's expected to be okay. And we still Prayers still prayers I have, yeah, definitely. Prayers. Prayers Up to the whole his family. Yeah. I do have a statement from the family. Okay. In a remarkable and hopeful development, Elijah Arenas has come out of his coma and It is shown significant signs of progress within the last 24 hours in a powerful and emotional moment. Elijah opened his eyes and was able to write on a piece of paper that he remembered the smoke and asked, did anyone get hurt?


Although he remains intubated. Yes. Yeah. They got the, this progress. Lemme make this bigger 'cause I, I told you I'm losing my eye. Once you get 40 it go. Yeah. Now it's gone. This progress marks up. My mom be having a phone on her. Text the size of the phone. See one letter. God Damnit. This progress marks a critical step forward in his recovery. His mother, Laura Govin Father Gilbert arenas, siblings and family have been by his side every step of the way, holding on to faith and drawing strength from the prayers and love pouring in from around the world. One of the brave individuals who helped rescue Elijah from the burning vehicle shared his harrowing account of that day.


I remember hearing, banging on the car window, but I couldn't see anything because the smoke was so thick. Mm. That's when I realized someone was inside. I tried to break the window, but wouldn't, it wouldn't give. Then I saw one of the windows was cracked just enough. And we used everything. We had to bend it and pull him out. The car was on fire. We just knew we had to get him out. This act of courage along with Elijah's incredible will to survive has been nothing short of miraculous. The family continues to ask for the public's prayers and support as their miracle baby fights his way back to a full recovery. They remain deeply grateful for the exceptional care provided by his medical team and the overwhelming love and encouragement from the community.


Further updates will be shared as a logic continues to heal. End quote. Wow. I'm Saying love and prayers. Indeed, indeed. He's an excellent young basketball player, but at this point it's like, you don't even wanna think about sports. You just want that boy to be okay. Just Wanna be all. Yeah. Yeah. And thank God he, he seems to be On The track, on the, on the right, on the right path. I was real happy about this coma coming from the fumes and that his body was Yeah. 'cause when you first Call, you like, because once we get to yo, he's alive and he is all right dude, I'm Getting right to the money right after that. My baby's a star. My baby had a bright future Now don't play, don't play.


We getting back to it. Right? He a first round pick, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. We ain't playing. Yeah. That's why I don't be wanting hear that shit about Brody, man. None. Nigga LeBron got that call. His son had a heart problem, nigga that he had to go in the scandal mode. Yeah. Seriously. Whatever. Speaking of LeBron, I'm sorry. I beat interrupt you bro. Dude, Kevin Gates at the Lakers game. Let's do it. Oh shit. I Why Is this such a thing? Because People are stupid. Yeah, but it's funny. It is. Why? What's funny about it? Okay, here's the, here's the why. It's a thing, bro. Confronted Steven a yes at the Laker. That's why it's a thing though. I'm, I'm telling you why it's a thing. But Stop it.


Yo, You, he, he ain't wrong. He confronted It is wrong Steven a at the Laker game. So now again, bro ignores all the bullshit. He's been excellent at ignoring the bullshit for years. Right? Kevin Gates has said whatever he said about bro and about his wife. About His wife. Yeah. And they responded. So now you, you did the Instagram post, right? You've addressed this, which you normally don't address. It keep the same energy. So now for Kevin Gates, I'm going to the Laker game. Sit in Courtside. Let's see what, let's see you address me. That's why people have made it a thing. I hate when ice speaks for the Internet. I'm not No. Ice speaks for the internet. He does like the lore sometimes. I love that.


I'm telling you Sometimes I love that and sometimes I hate it. But you, me, This is, this is why this is a thing. I'm just giving You Why know? But you told me you have to get my fucking internet vitriol. Go ahead. We have to stop Fail. Who's on? Are you on the side Mark? No, I'm on the side of saying that's why people are making a thing. That's, that's what I'm trying to say. I think this shit is stupid. Yeah. Okay. I think it's all dumb. Kevin Gates is not Stephen A. Smith. He's not Stephen A. Smith at all. LeBron should ignore him. And I idea that Kevin Gates was, I Think LeBron should have ignored him. Not even with the post. What, what they, they should have completely ignored Him. Yeah. I wish you'd ignored the police dog. You can't press somebody earlier in Stephen a and then not keep the same energy that you Yes you can. That's another rule that They absolutely can.


You can't. But we can't do that. You not Hell you can, But Yeah, but it don't matter. You can't pick a shoes. I didn't understand. Niggas not barking at 15. No, Don't try. Don't try to sneak your little 50 scent take. That's different. It is not. You're Stephen a in this one. You smelled That man cologne. That's different. That's True. He smelled mine. He turned around and looked at you. He Smell, he smelled mine. It smelled remarkable. Yeah. But Joe was sta hoping he ain't turn around. See, I didn't get to get my jokes off. Oh, That's true. You were playing Big Joe was sitting there like, God, I hope the ball don't come over here. Don't put me on a screen. Just nothing. You have to that too. Oh God. No please, I saw you.


You ain't want no concessions. Nope. I don't, don't keep walking. Don't want nothing. You, You heard him say you went upstairs to get his Ca. Yeah. Hell yeah. He went Upstairs. He didn't go to the V ip. He Got up outta there too. He was eating cotton candy. Oh yeah. He was going Quick. He looked at you like Azu quick. He, He started his second half at 40 40. He like nigga, he like a chipmunk nigga. Alvin Simon and Theodore. Man they trying to blame my son. Listen, The point that I was making You, you ain't feel that way. I watched that. Of course I didn't feel that way. But I'm not stepping on no jokes Now why? Why Not? Even they saying that me saying I'm not stepping on no joke is my new way of stepping on jokes. It Is a way. It is a way. No dumb shutting up down. We know I'm shut up down. Yeah. I ain't encouraged the jokes on me.


And this was a good one. I thought for sure that this would skyrocket me in part of the month. But somehow I think this might still be a tight race. It is not a tight race. Oh Shit. Shut the fuck. Maybe If you let up off the gas, he can catch up. You Right, right, right. Oh Bro, here we go. But anyway, yeah, you could definitely pick and choose who you fucking have bravado with. You Can. You have to. Because here's the thing, and I get what you saying, you can't be a sucker about it. Like you can't, somebody weak, you Don't Somebody's Yeah. You can't do that. But he's known Stephen A. Smith 20 years. Stephen A. Smith has the biggest platform in his sport. So I think engaging S not it matters more. Yeah. That's not Kevin Gates. Yeah.


Kevin Gates is just somebody talking about him. And I don't think you gotta just, everybody Talk about you. It's a lot. And then because once you no disrespect to Kevin Gates, but once you respond to him, you basically saying anybody that say something, I can respond. I have to Respond to. And then they gonna come out to woodwork. 'cause they want the attention. You got an album coming out, you got a project coming out, you gonna promote it again. This ain't about Kevin Gates. It's about LeBron saying exactly. But he just said nothing. But, and on the basketball side of things, I think when that Stephen h shit happened that the Lakers were pretty much locked in as a three seed. We in the playoffs dog. Mm, That's True. We in a playoffs, dog. Oh yeah. I'm focused. It was, He had nothing to do with that nigga wanted to fucking play Scully on the side of that game where he did that. He coulda did that. Well, ain't nothing on the line here. The Knicks was locked into the three seed with weeks left and the niggas ain't this long season.


We don't care about this shit. Mm. The playoff game nigga. We know. I I see you over there. I see you with your girl. I see Brittany. Hey, but what do you want me to do? Right. I'ma look stupid doing that here with you. Yeah, for sure. At least with the LeBron. The stupid a shit we understand. Like I said, we understand. He looked stupid. Well, not him, not stupid, but I don't even re if I'm him, I don't respond to me and my wife. We don't respond to you at all. You haven't earned that response from me. Right. Agreed. You talking about getting Gates, it's it's, it's pe. Yeah. Yeah. Agreed. Yeah. And I'm not, again, it's nothing against Gates, but there's people that have said much worse. I don't gotta respond to everything out there.


Yeah. Stephen a yeah, we have history here. There's something here. He know me and their peers. He know me. I know him. They're both at the top of their field. Exactly. That are Related. See, the thing about the thing about me, it's such a, It is such a credit to your character when you don't respond to anything. It's so much so that I don't discredit you when you do. Right. Like I like, I like Kevin Durant on social media. I love this dude giving it up just raw and shit that we ain't supposed to see or read. I say the same thing about Meek. When niggas get on social media and get funny and, and say shit that a publicist should stop you from saying, I absolutely Love it because that is, I never liked that. That is instinctual for most humans.


So the guy that don't never do it when he do It is like, I'm not gonna fault you for. Right. And see, I look at it the other way. The guy that has mastered the art of not doing it for you to get him to do it means it's almost like a weakness to me. But Masters fuck up. They just fuck up less than the the theater. I I understand. I'm just telling you how I look at it when Yeah, the person, LeBron has been excellent at ignoring the bullshit. He's been Ray Charles to the bullshit forever. So if you, what is it about you that got him to address you Before we leave this LeBron thing? A friend of the show, speedy from over there, complex sat down with Steven a some of y'all have never met Speedy.


He's funny. He's funny, he's funny. He's like new nigga, young nigga Energy funny. So if you old and can't catch him being funny, it's funnier. I'm gonna play Stephen a with Speedy. With Speedy. Asking him about fighting. LeBron Still would've happened if you would've swung on LeBron. I know a lot of people think that and I really didn't want to talk about it 'cause I don't wanna talk about him. But, but the bottom line is this. People could say I'd get my ass kicked. Ah, go ahead. Did you see who I walked in with? I did. He was 10 feet away.


So whatever's gonna happen would it had to happen quick because that brother right there, that is 330 plus Bottom line should be short. That is my bodyguard. Quick and fast. Not To mention a whole bunch of other people that I've been Around Speedy's just laughing through this. But Steven continues. I really have very little to be worried about. Anybody can get got. And I'm fully aware of that. But one of the other things on a very, very serious note, everywhere I go, ES, ESPN knows, listen to him, local police, holy F, fbi, I, everything. Oh, he's The FBI. He was just with Me. He didn't peep the Tree. But I'm always guarded. Look, 'cause I'm an investment.


We got people out here that's got people protecting them and they bringing in a little paper. He Sent them out. I Make a lot of money for the mouth. Listen. So if people want to think that I'm just walking around and I don't have anybody around me, he's just my, like my blood. That's like my brother right there. Right. So you like what you're saying is I'm always protecting You. Like your odds In I like my odds. Now all I'm trying to say is, and other people brought this up and we gonna be real here. We gonna stop playing games with this particular subject. Oh shit. It's not about LeBron, it's about anybody. Right. If somebody walked up to you and hit you, you gonna do nothing.


No. You gotta defend Yourself. That's all I'm trying to say. I didn Fair enough. I didn't say when It is funny hearing it, you know? Yeah, I know that. But you saying it's LeBron but I'm going like this. Yeah, because I would've. Right. And the only reason I'm saying every seen box, the only reason. No you haven't. Why I saw it. You saw that that sorry ass video from a deck ago with rotator cup. But if people want think that's how I throw hands is okay, So you got, so you saying I'm not, I'm not saying nothing. All I good answer, Say to anybody is that's how you think I choose wisely. That's how you think I throw Choose Wisely. Right. That's what that's all I say. But You got him if you need, I'm good. I'm, I don't have to fight at this particular moment in time. I think it's kind of pathetic that people look at me at age 57, He's still Going, not you, but I'm talking about people coming at me like It Is content gold.


I love podcast. I'm not 37 or 27. Right. I'm 57. Right. But now y'all want to step to me. Right. You know What I'm saying? I got it. Feel free. Oh shit. Do what you have to do. All I know is this, you know, again, and I've truly meant that all my life I've been that way. He Bill going Telling you that I'll kick somebody's ass. Yeah. But I'm telling you going crazy. I'm not gonna sit by and let somebody just put their hands. Maybe the one exception might have been Mike Tyson in his heyday Exception. Holy Mike. Mike, you might, you got that Mike Tyson? Hell yes.


In 2005, you signed a three year deal at ESPN that paid you 1.3. Alright, that's shout out to speed. That's the interview after my own heart. Man. Yo. Oh shit. Phil. Speedy has to stop. He's acting. She wisely. You got it though. You you got it. Holy shit. Yep. Sure, sure. Nah. But Steven had no idea what was going on, you know? No. Nah. And just, he just gave it to, gave it to him. Oh my Lord. That was, what is it about these microphones? Even a professional. Nah, it was, you want just say the right thing. The you talk. Yeah. You say the right thing. You know how to get him boss, especially Insecurity Hit somebody in an insecure spot.


They gonna keep talking. Stephen a is a friend of the show. For sure. For sure. Absolute legend. Ain't nobody seen Max Kelman in seven years. Yo. Talk about ending a nigga. Boy, yo, not enough. You could just end niggas and the world. Just go continue. Nobody said yo. What's up with Max? Where Max? Where was Max? Nothing Finished. Yo, we liked Max. I Love Max. He was great. M was great for years. Yeah. Nigga decades got that. That nigga buried somewhere. Damn, man. Max, come on in, nigga. If you, if you getting this podcast through a, a dusty speaker buried hundreds of feet underground on an iPhone four.


Yeah. Now check, check us out Max. Oh man. Oh Lord. All right. All right. All right. What, what else is going on? What else is going on out Deal, mark. So I was thinking about falling off because I was thinking like people like Max Kellerman or whoever, don't you? That's Not Right. No, no man. You just had it with an iPhone four. Dude, dusty, my Man, I fuck with Max, but I love Max. Max. I shot a part fall Off. That's my guy. Yeah. Yo, you the most, you shot a pilot man For cnn. We supposed to have a show Cnn. Everybody. You the most job looking for ass nigga down man. Anyway, But go ahead. I don't know how to deal with this. R Kelly. Oh shit is currently performing birthday parties from jail.


Yeah. Like, he's literally calling into people's birthday parties and singing songs. Good to it, nigga. That's right. And I don't know how to feel about this. I mean, I does Your birthday pass. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Definitely one of happy people for my, no, It is like he, I I respect prisoners' rights and prisons have a right to earn money. As long as you're not. No you don't. I don, I wrote a book with somebody on death row. Like, I mean like we co-authored a book. Like I'm totally down what prisoners have. Right. What percent He got. Huh? What percent he got You asking a lot of questions. Jerk. Lot of NDAs jerking you records. Yo, that's his favorite book to write. You jail niggas.


What? Yo you get 4% dog. Yeah. Put up on your books. Right. Frazier broke the deal. It was good man. It worked out. Oh Shit. Shit. Yo, you got alright Man. I'm kidding. I gave him 80% of it. I gave him 80% of it. 80, 80%. No you didn't. I didn. No you didn't. Niggas by just like, but that a bold, you get this nigga 80% Ask the publisher No. As Fox Sports. No. What did we tell you? No, that's never, We're not journalists. Well then you have to tell Go ahead. So I I respect their rights. You know, as long as you're not making money off of your crime.


The Under Sam law. Right. Put it's also r Kelly and I find him deplorable and disgusting and I hate that. People want r Kelly their birthday party. And I hate that he can make money singing at people's birthday party. How do you make money? Wait, hold On. Who said he making money? Hold on, hold on. He got a cameo. It not, Hey, hey, fuck all that hate shit. Niggas r Kelly let him sing man. He's already under the jail. That's what I'm saying. He's already like, let him sit. Get It is Hey, answer my question though. Who said he's making money? What? You think that's an you think he's doing that ab boredom? No. Out of protection. Oh, they off my ass. Ice. Not ice. What nigga they fuck up with Kes in there. They like, they like Kes niggas grew up listening to Kes in there. Cals know how to talk. He Chicago nigga.


He know how to move and move around gangsters. Really? We never act like that. Let the man sing. Niggas already fucking took his shit over YouTube. Niggas took his shit. Apple music is still there, but it's not at the top. Let the nigga find a way to get something. This is interesting here. The two sides of this, y'all should have this debate. Flip is saying, yo man, what more can you do to a guy? Yeah. You already, you already ended him. You took him outta here he is locked up. He is under the ground. You took his fucking music royalties. He's done already. So if all he has is the, the payphone and and his voice, a fan that wants to, to hear him, then why do you strip that? I hear that. I, again, legally I don't wanna take it from him. I hate that. People want that. I'm more upset that people want r Kelly at they party. Yo, he's still r Kelly though.


Yeah. That's the and and there's an older fuck man. Are you fucked generation? I don't give a Fuck that. Who is us blacks people who pee on kids? No, not that you, you wanna go deep? No, not people who pee on kids. At the end of the day, when do you receive enough punishment to you? What's your standards of Okay, enough is enough. You didn't have type of nigga, I sorry, you type of nigga, you kick a dog while you seem like you kick a nigga while he is down, you don't give a fuck you were he in toe and then go sing at his funeral nigga. Or, or, or land at a free at his funeral. Nigga, when We told you that, when we told you Mel wanted to work with Kevin Spacey, what was your position on that? 'cause you were silent not Being down. What up? I don't remember hearing that. No, of course you didn't.


But, but I think she shouldn't. I mean I think she should. I think she should be. No, wasn't we said we I purposely brought that up while Mark was was Was it after five o'clock you was over there? Now I don either after five o'clock outta here, shit. And shout the mel. But I'm just saying you could never shit on somebody that wanna work with greatness in spite of Come on. How sick the greatness was. That's also a little more complicated. Why? Because Well, 'cause Kevin Spacey wasn't convicted of crimes. Right. Got It. Number one. I understand. And number two, being forced to work with creepy people in Hollywood is kind of, or music or whatever is kind of something you have to do. If she invited him to do a cameo at her birthday party, I'd be like, that's terrible and disgusting.


Right. Not, not, not just Mel, anybody. Right. I don't have an issue with, again, people in prison making money. They should be, they're exploited. Even if you did did the crime, you're still being exploited on some level. Again, I'm mad that we live in a society that is still celebrating r Kelly. I'm watching this woman on the video crying and trembling like, You know what I mean? Like Yeah. To me that's weird. And I, but what I'm saying, you take the opposite stance of like, I've heard you say, I, I don't know, quote me if I'm wrong. You know, correct me if I'm wrong, but if something to her it looks like if it didn't happen to me, I'm fine. I know da da still are Kelly.


It didn't happen to me. It didn't happen to any of my family members. I still want to hear him. Have you said that before about something like, no. So if even so you take the stance of if you've done something and even if we had a good relationship, I'm gonna change my whole look on you. If you believe in something because my mother followed those same sentiments when it comes to voting for Trump or doing shit. Like she would go into this deep of deep thought of not fucking with somebody. I think that's weird. Not, she's not weird. I love her. But what I'm saying, I get what you're saying. There's more, there's more. Hold on Joe. Hold On nigga. I I can correct myself. You Wait, I wasn't trying to correct you. I was adding on Hold me down. I'm sorry. There's more bad people than good causes. Yeah. Yes. I mean there's more bad causes than good people is what I meant.


Right? That's also true. Yeah. Like, like they say, if you're searching for something on the internet and the information aids, you can find anything to support your argument. Yeah. Yes. It's the same thing with humans. Yeah. This, this, there's people on the dark web right now doing all types of shit. There's a huge market for shit that in our normal society, society is frowned. Look down on, frowned on. Yes. And they do it. Yes. So, I mean, there is somebody to serve in America. All you gotta do is start a business. They didn't say what your business need to be. If you started it, somebody is gonna, you're gonna get find a customer. Yeah. That's, that's what I'm trying to say. But, but look, and people have a right to find it. I just hate that. They do You hate it. But look at this, you said that you don't believe there should be any jails.


Somebody will look at you that listens to you and, and look up to you and be like, mark, that is very irresponsible to put that out there as a man who was for pe not peace. You come off as you're For peace. No, and it's contradictory because if it's jail then the nigga is free to go Do birth. I'm, and again, I'm not saying he doesn't have a right to do It. You're man to people. I I'm demand I don't beat man. Yeah. See that's why I need you here. Like the demand of people. You understand me? Yes. I get What you saying. Yeah. I understand against Understand that. No, wait, wait, wait. But I can bitch about it. I ain't gonna Let you do that. That's all I'm doing. We understand what you're saying too. Yeah, we Do. You are just being dismissive of our response. Yeah. We Why don't we need comprehend?


I meant he agrees with me. Oh, okay. Got yeah, yeah. No, I know. Y'all comprehend what I'm saying. I'm saying I, I, In in America this the sliders, if you great, great, great. They'll look the other way at at your nasty shit. Yeah. And that's the history of this country. But Here's what have I said for The Wrongest, if they love you, If he told him not to say nothing, shut up. And he shut up. Don't Get mad if they love you, yo mark, if they love you, you can do, you can do the wrong. And that's what's fucked up to me. And that's, He's r Kelly is, that's why I said he's still r Kelly. There are people, yo Oh, lots of people. If he had a tour today, it would sell out. Oh Of course it would be. Now there would be people like, yo, why y'all going to that shit? Well how dare you? But It have to be a hundred feet from like a school.


Yeah, of course. Other motherfuckers that's like, I don't give a fuck about that. I'm going. And I hate that. He love because you know what fucks me up about this in our, in our culture. If I had said to you, yeah, that somebody who ratted on 10 drug dealers was calling in the birthday parties. And I said, Fuck that. I hate people having these snitches called the birthday parties. You would agree with me, right? No. Okay. Well maybe you wouldn't. A lot of people would. Yeah, I wouldn't. Yes. Is the snitching, I'm in the Middle question. One of the most talented songwriters in the history of mankind music Because That's the asterisk that we ignore. And Also, let me ask you a question too. What I'm trying to say real quick, were you mad at the school for keep wanting Bill Cosby to speak?


Yes. But you still participated. How did I participate? Meaning were you on the same panels with him and stuff like that? No, no, no, no. I I I You still communicated with, I showed, I popped up at his panel. But did you say But told I didn't want him there. But that's also my job. That's what I'm saying. What I'm saying that Nah, that's not right. What you didn't get up and take a stance and leave the job. I'm not gonna sit on this panel. You told him you I went there to, to confirm me at the, at at a break on his panel. I went there and sat next to him to talk to him to talk about resolving our Beef. So So you didn't put the school on a band list? No, I worked there. Yeah, But there's some people, so hold On Mark. That's, you Lose, there's some people that they, they are principals outweigh they'll leave the job. I can't, I Can't even work here.


Y'all are signing, y'all are Cosigning that my issue isn't people engaging him. My issue is people who are people celebrating him. He said that he repeated himself. You right. It's, it's a celebration of him having him at your birthday party as the honored guest is different than, than having a conversation with him or criticizing him or even talking to him. Shit. It's even different than just playing his music at the party. Mark. Mark, I'm not gonna let you do that. He wasn't an honored guest though. Wait, Wait, hold up. Hold, hold. Look at That's the part I'm not gonna let him do. Yeah, no, the, the, the woman, the auntie that's booking r Kelly to sing Happy Birthday or do whatever over the phone from jail is not celebrating him more than the fucking academic institution that is putting him on the panel to speak to an audience.


That's not True. But I'm saying the academic institution's a hundred percent wrong. I think they're worse than the auntie. But you didn't, but you don't boycott them. I didn 'cause you worked there. I didn't boycott my job. No, no. Didn didn't quit my job. So that, so they said that the billionaire who's being wrongfully who's being wrongfully promoted at this event, can, can, can have a spotlight. I don't know. So to to you, they they are, there are, what's the word I'm looking for to you? There are. So it shouldn't be a double standard when, when standard one side, when one side supports, supports something, even if it's as minuscule as a birthday party versus another side, a different side, having somebody be a speaker there, it shouldn't be that double standard is what I'm saying Here.


All I'm saying is I don't think it's a double standard. I'm not asking, I wasn't asking the school to even boycott Bill Cosby. I was just asking him not to celebrate him. Similarly, I'm not asking the woman to boycott r Kelly. I'm just saying let's not make videos and distribute him surprising somebody at a birthday party. 'cause that just encourages more people to buy into the r Kelly Industrial Complex. And, and I don't want that shit. That was a lot. Yeah. But So you were disappointed in, in, in, in the school having him but not disappointed enough to quit. Right. That just wouldn't make sense. Yeah. This just wouldn't make sense. And all, all boycotts strategically as an activist, as an organizer, you don't always go to the, to the end. Everybody can't quit every job. You can't, you boycott every company, every time they do something you don't like, you don't walk. I mean that's just not strategic.


But but they all caveats you saying to their situation and, and I just, it just seems like when it comes to the shit r Kelly's accused of it's e we find a way, not us in this room, but people who just broadly in America, we find a way to justify it or look the other way do. But there's other shit we don't do you put r Kelly and Bill on the same scale in your opinion? Yeah. Yeah. And I think they should be treated the same way. And frankly if r Kelly were on tape with a bunch of little boys, I don't think people would be having 'em at their birthday party right there. There's certain things we like that's too far. And it's somewhat arbitrary to me Sometimes that's all. But look, if you are r Kelly at your party, you know you, you have a right to do it. So you're saying because it's girls, they do treated it differently. Yeah. I want people not to want that. That's all I want Better for us. Got. And we shouldn't say that so matter of factly because there might be boys out there.


Yeah. I said if he was known, I should say if he was known for that. If that, if that was his. Got it, got it, got it, got it. Just wanna be respectful. A lot of stocking people Dog. For sure he do. For Sure. You putting a lot of stocking people. Honestly, I think if it was, if it was him with boys on tapes or whatever, there's gonna be a group that's just, that's r Kelly. He made these records that define the prime years of some folk life and if they could get him to perform them records for them, they gonna want to hear 'em. Hey, lemme give you something, lemme tell you something. I fell out with somebody because of that. Right. They had the same sentiments as you like yo And then she said Lovely said that she compares r Kelly pedophile protectors and Trump supporters the same.


Right. And she that's what she was saying. Right. But I had got mad at her. I think that's too far. That's a lot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, but I got mad at her because we were saying that yo, we enjoy our killer music. A lot of us grew up to it and we're not judging the man. I mean we are judging the man, but we, we are separating the two. I believe I can fly These certain songs are part of your graduation is a part of your live. That's true. That's true. You grew up listening to it. Your family listen to it so it becomes a part of your life to some of us. Yeah. And me too. You know, she was so passionate about, yo It is over that she resulted in my opinion to insulting us. And I felt like you don't gotta do that. You're my friend. A lot of people do that regardless. A lot Of people just also disconnect like celebrities as human beings almost.


Yeah. I'm not sure that they even look at him like that. And that that's real. I mean it's, It is, like I said, it's, it's a, it's, there's no right answers here. It, I, I just was a little disappointed and, and also I didn't How how much lastly, how much do you charge for that? How much would you pay for that? That should say how Much ramen cost Nigga got a honey bun. All But get us outta there Man. We done. Yeah we done. What the fuck Y'all just say hi to the nigga. Yo. Are you crazy? Hi the phone. God. I said get us outta there. I told y'all to get us outta here. Know We should been outta there. Yeah, You right. But write it down. No, it ain't getting me buck most mature.


Write it down for any stretch. Yeah man. Had to give out when It is too mature for too long. I just gotta do that. I know. I just gotta do that. I know, I know. Alright, so what else, what else, what else, what else Is there? And listen, great show so far. Really great Show show. Great show. Don't start this shit. Just move smoothly. This is team. Just say great show and listen. Don't start this shit. Don't even, we know where you going niggas. It is tired of you doing that. Nigga don't going anywhere. Every team can't be the greatest nigga. I'm not going doing this. I'm trying to like in the moment. Actually that's some Pussy shit that you do because you Do that putting it on me. When you trying to say that? No, you do that ssy shit nigga. I'm just saying. It is show. I've been want you to do it all day, nigga. I went home when I was sick. I wanted you do it all day. Even when I came in. Oh damn. I'm so happy you man, shut your ass up man. Stop trying to soothe niggas and big niggas up to get your shit off.


We nigga, We good. We know where we at nigga. Just keep the show going. You always doing that. Trying to big some shit up. Oh my God. Yo. You here Huh? Without you today. Oh my god, nigga. Even though we had a good day ish kilted today, but we, we miss I don't need to hear none of that. Nigga can We did miss you though. We did miss I don't give a Fuck that we did. I came here work. You don't sit here. Oh. You know, because I'm gonna look at you. It is just something about you. When you sit above it, you shine bright in the middle of the nigga. No last man Just have a real problem with compliments. Your compliments is backhand. Lemme have a real problem with you Got a lot. You, you got. Well that's true too. You backhanded king. You know that right? No, I I I think that, I think that people receive me wrong often, Joe. It's not true. We watch you people we watch you get backhanded compliments.


I'm just saying I think that people receive me wrong often and I do backhand compliments. But two things can be true. I think that's right. I get that a lot. You get backhanded compliments as well. No, no. People read me wrong. People think I'm being sarcastic or snarky. Or petty or, or and I'm just asking a sincere question because what we do be sarcastic and when we think you're not being sar. That's true though. No, not a lot. Y'all gimme too much credit. Sometimes I'm just, I'm just like a space cadet. Like I really won't remember something. We think you're not being sarcastic and we go back and like, oh this nigga said some slick shit. Wait, hold on. What catch you in? Be like, nigga they catch up like wait, he said that the people catch you a lot slick.


A lot of that is editing and misunderstanding. Nah, you're talking about parts now. No, no, no, no. I'm just saying sometimes like the, the context gets left out and they think I'm clowning and I'm not. Oh please Still, I'm gonna say this in closing still. One of my favorite mark clips is him telling us, all of us and us sharing in the same shock that he tore his rotator cuff by carrying us. Yes. And just looking at the room. Me too. I was like, Oh shit, shit. But that's not, that's not oh shit. Oh shit. Oh what? Talking to That's crazy. That's like his slap box. And when a nigga connected, oh, oh, oh. We Could play like that When he sat the shit out, he catch you.


You know What, say I gotta tell you, I felt this is full disclosure. I felt awful about that to the next No, no, no. I love that. I I loved it. I felt awful about it. I really did. I felt really bad from the, from the moment I said it, I was like, ooh, that that was too far. And then Ian called me the next morning. This is how bad it was. I didn't sleep that night about it. Oh, Knock it off. See, see What saying Don't worry about it. See what I'm don't about it big dog. What I'm, I'm saying. So we got it. You said nothing about that? Yeah. I'm gonna show you that. I'm gonna tell you that. Yeah, no I What he alright. Ian thought it was funny. Ian called to tell me he thought it was funny. Of course he of course I don how he, I was like that wasn't funny. Actually Didn didn't. I really didn't. I I'm not even, I swear to you I felt awful.


I want to apologize y'all about it, about that. Can I ask you a question? But I didn't wanna make a thing about it. No, we who's the doc that he told you to go see? Can I ask a question? Oh shit. Yo. Wait the third one nigga I slap fire out nigga. We already had that one get Up nigga. That old one more. That's Old. It's two. It was always two. Just two. That's the second one. It is just Two man in The shade room nigga. I'm going next. Shady. No wait. I want to address, I want to address that too because you keep I see what you're doing. You know, just for the record. That's My girl. I'm Because we because because you like to feed the, the clippers out there. Mel is not suspended. I know she's not. Okay.


Just so we clear. I know she's not suspended. We good. Mel is Chilling. Yes, we know percent. Mel Chilling. She's all right child. She is not suspended so she gonna curse Me out when she watch the last I didn. I didn't want say that 'cause I ain't wanna stop y'alls ad since check like cook. But they be making whole Storylines. I know nigga. But I, I like that They do that. So I don't ever wanna step on em. Yeah. Hey just To the people. That's why I gotta just ignore it. They go way so far. I be like, where did y'all come up? What this shit from? I Play around. I hate that Shit. I play around a lot. It could be the other way. Shout to man. It could be a tree dropping in the woods and nobody ever hears it. That's True. Well that's what Ian explained to me. That's why I just, I don't, y'all got it. Salute. I just salute everybody now. Yeah. Having an audience is the blessing Now who that audience is is outta your control.


Exactly. Once, once the door is open, then whoever comes to show is at the show, nigga they start banging. They start banging. Yeah. She not suspending. No, no. But we can, we can't crack jokes. It's dead. Like she she'll crack jokes. It's dead too. Niggas the door open, she'll walk right through it. Hey, she been sending some shots? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Not to you. Oh, she been sending me shots the last two weeks. Weeks. Yeah nigga. Because you getting too, nigga too comfortable. Nigga you forgot to play when you come up here, nigga. When it come to me, shut the fuck up. Hold me down. Hold me down. You must holding her down to after that basketball game you go hold.


Hey, he had to try to look neutral. Right. Hey, oh my Lord. I don't even really know it like that shit Gang. You fuck you ball. Shout the man. Man. We miss you. I think I watch Patreon curse me out. I'm waiting for a text. Mel, we miss you ish. We miss you. Facts. We miss you ish. Both of y'all as well. And we doing our best to hold it down in you guys' absence. Yeah. You so, yeah. And they, and just to let you know, you gonna see behind the scenes. You talking about, I told asked about the new chairs. He like, yo, some of you niggas may not be here. Eight Ms. Johnson nigga talk tech of your calendars. Yeah. 'cause I figured we should get new couches 'cause these shits is dirty and You gonna get dark on amongst, we could do maybe Some leather or something.


Yeah, We could do that. Now that Mark fucking really raised, raised the amount of audience that we get per month. So we gonna look some new couches. He said the same shit to me before. Look, look at you did before. Look at your man. He said you did before. You did it before you did that one. You you did. Chill. Chill, chill. What y'all wanna talk about? What y'all talk about? What else we got? What else we got we Talking about? About music or nothing? Nothing music related. Didn Didn't see no music, nothing Music. Couple Rock came out. Come on. That Woo album came out. I didn't even know about it until y'all said it. Pretty Pride. I downloaded it. I'm excited. What's, What's it called again? I'll tell you one second. Black.


What's it called? Black something. Look at y'all. Yeah. Y'all. The Black Samson. I was the bass Black Samson Punch Me. I'm like three. Y'all do it. Learned You Right quick, Real quick. I Mean, there's another side, but nothing important. Not worth. Not even Worth. That's what I'm saying. That's I point, I doubt you know what I mean. Exactly. Fair enough. Get outta there. So did So y'all didn't hear it at all. I Didn't hear shit. I'm only three tracks in the Benny. The butcher joint is dope. It's a couple traps tracks on there. Meth Man gets busy. I mean, nobody raps better than Meth, man. On this Meth mess Been is bad. Yeah. About for, for the Woo members couple years.


He's been killing It for the last Yeah. Five years. Yeah. It's, it's fire. But I, I haven't, I haven't gotten through the whole thing. That's the only thing new that I've been, that I've even been trying to listen to. Okay. It's been light. It's been light. Not gonna lie. I got Ray Vaughn's. I got it. I didn't get to listen to Ray V yet. I listen to a couple of the records. I can't wait to listen to that though. Yeah. So the baby did the, I think it was the on the Radar Free star. Okay. Freestyle. Excuse me. And he did the squabble upbeat. Mm. Absolutely smoked it. Absolutely smoked it. And when he did it, I was like, damn, yo, I would Love it if he did like a jacking for Beats tape. Okay. We just said, fuck it, I'm going over beats. 'cause when he gets in freestyle bag, freestyle mold, he would kill shits.


It's Next level. Yeah. Surprisingly. Today, well yesterday at noon he took it back to mix tape, dropped an exclusive mix tape with live mix tape. Absolutely Love it. Wow. It's called, oh, let's gimme get the name of this. It is called Please Say The Baby. Okay. And it's all freestyles. It's 15 tracks. He did disguise the sky's the Limit beat Tweaker, Nokia squabble Up, did some r and b joints. It's about time someone did this shit, man. Yeah. Like that's fire. Yeah. And, and because again, mix tape so I can touch these beats that I don't have to clear. I don't have to do all of that. Right. Not, it's not on streaming.


Right. I I did, excuse me. I did a quick scan through. He absolutely was smoking these beats. Hmm. So I, I'm, I'm excited. I love when the baby raps. Yeah. But he's another one that fight through the fall. You know, fight through the adversity, fight through the fall off. Well he's been fighting was way at the top. He was. And never gave up. Just kept putting out records, kept working pieces. Well, successfully did that shit. He did it. Yeah. Because he, but he was cleaning his act though. I say he was cleaning his act up in the process. Like that's part of the process. Yeah, that's part, Yeah. Staying Outta Trouble and shit like that. That last Walmart shit. And then, you know, he just, Yeah. So I just, just salute to him. Salute check it out if y'all get a chance. It is a really, really good and it's just a good feel for those of us who love the mix tape era For sure.


And I do. Is Any music coming out on the, on the horizon that we can expect? I know you always get the surprises. It could be a surprise whole album, a surprise. So, so, but is there anything on the horizon other than Wayne, obviously, and I know we gotta talk about him coming to MSG, like is there anything that y'all expecting Thug's album, which is, I I want to say next week or two within the, it's, It is very coming up very soon. Okay. He did drop a single today him and Future. Yep, I saw that. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I saw the video. It reminded me of Otis. Okay. I didn't see the video. How, how Lightning Up Fire break and shit. Nah, I remember how in the Otis video, ho v yay, they, they, they stripped down the Maybach and where they did the same thing with the Urs. Okay.


And they, you know, driving crazy with the girls in car. So it, it reminded me of that the song is, it has a beat flipped through the middle of it. Yep. Cool. Record. Yeah. I didn't Love it, but it wasn't Bad. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't hate It. Yeah. I didn't hate It Is the second thug verse that I've heard since he's been home. The first one being dumb dumb and Dumber on a Lil Baby's album. I'm pleased. I don I don't hate it. Yeah. I don't hate it. So I am looking forward to the album. He's in full rollout mode of the album. Did it feel like it was directed at Gunner? A little bit. I think people are gonna reach and make anything directed at Gunner. Okay. Like he's talking very general. Yeah. Okay. There was a lot of rats. There was. So, and I don't say this is at gunna got you gotta come out and let talk About gunna I gotta be friends with you or something like that was the, the Line that could, that could go with a couple folk.


Yeah. Okay. So I'm, I'm not, I know we're reaching to connect that dot and I think he knows we reaching to connect that.so he can be very vague and they just gonna run with it regardless. Gotcha. Yeah, the record was cool. I, I wasn't blown away, but I like It. Is there, this is the least surprising news I think for me in, in r and b anyway. Ari Lennox, you know, leaving Dreamville, it feels like it's worth mentioning obviously the rumors we talked about the possibility of it. But now that it's happening, what does that mean? Because You definitely in Shea butter Twitter too. Oh, for Sure. Yeah, I'm in that, that's what I'm saying. You Did For sure. You, you did your numbers in Shaa, in Shea butter Twitter, nigga From Sha No comment. No comment. What'd you think of that?


What'd you think of that? Yeah, Which Part? You did your numbers in that shea butter Twitter now, I, I can't remember. It's been so long. It passed. Oh Yeah, that's true. But you were a prominent member. I I was, I was all of in Shea butter. I was the original founding member of Shea Butter Twitter. I know, I know. You found a lot. There was a lot of founding Black soul shame of that. Boy. Those were the damn Lord. Remember Phil, You ever come down to the Black Lilly in Philly back when I used to do five Spot? When all the, that's when everybody be down there all with the like the, the height of neo soul. Mm. I think I came to one lot of cool hats. I think I came to one. Yeah. Lot Of, a lot of nick, a lot Of knit, A lot of crochet. Yo This's. A lot of other stuff going on. Well, that's what I was about to say.


That's the thing. People didn't, people thought it was, it was never politically conscious. It was like culturally conscious. Nah, it was freaknik. I mean it was Yeah. You Not wrong shit. Used to be wild. Yeah, Yeah. Was incense and Freaknik   But, Oh yeah, I'll let you do that. Ari Len. But back to Ari Lennox, unrelated to the previous of course. Sure. Course Digress. Of course she's left Dreamville. She just put out a single, obviously a couple weeks ago. It seemed like she was moving on an independent path, but now it's done. What does that mean for Dreamville? What does that mean for her? I mean, it looks like they, everybody's happy with they split. So she, she was clearly unhappy at the label when you asked to get off the label.


You get your freedom now it's on you to do what you do. I I'm not, I don't think it means nothing bad for her. Like now you got your control, you off, you are away from this label. She's still with Is that, that's she's still with Interscope though. Is that Cole? Yes. Cole's girlfriend too. Yeah. Is that, wait, no, no, no, it's not his girl. Oh. Just his label. We got, we got this segment. Is is that the girl that ditched you? Actually s nigga The one accurate fact time. Which time this year, nigga? He tricked me. It was, it was a trap suck up. Yes. Yeah, I know, I know.


But there's no beef on my end. There's no beef on my end. Oh, you ready to squash the tooth? Shout to our len, give her your blessings and stuff. If you heard the earlier part of the pod I did, I did. I'm gonna squash it with anybody that has reiterate the beef with Joe button. I don't have a problem, Bro. Hey, go talk to the camera. Invite her up here and you know, there You go. No, but I don we Gotta talk about that too, about inviting people if You wanted to get into that topic and hopefully on Paton or here, yo. Yeah. Oh exactly. Yo, no, we gotta get into that. That's A good topic. Yo people that Yeah, we'll say it later. Let's Just say, yeah, we should, I Don, I don't have a beef for argument Ferrari Lenox. It seems like she's doing well. I mean she's got a Jermaine Dupre, Brian Mc Cox record out now. So I don't think that her leaving Dreamville is the worst thing in the world for Her. And in terms of Dreamville, because I see artists who have their labels and it seems like at some point when the artists leave, is it a label anymore?


And I'm not saying that about Dreamville, I don't know enough to know what their kind of path is. But I'm wondering like if, if the marquis artists leave and it just becomes like your label and it's just you, that seems to happen a lot these days. What Do you Yeah, I don know what you're talking about. I said, I said I'm not saying It is about Dream vote. I'm just saying if art, art, is this a path that artists are gonna be leaving? Well, if it's just you, then you still have your own label. Right? You just signed to your label. It's not just you over There. Yeah, yeah. That's not a criticism. I She wasn't The marquee artist over there. No, no. I know. I'm saying, I'm asking, I'm sorry, I'm not being clear. I'm asking two different questions. One, is this a path of, of artists leaving Dreamville? No, I don't, I don't think so. It doesn't seem that way. It doesn't seem to be honest. Ari was always a weird fit on for Dreamville. Agreed. Yes. Dreamville ain't known for the r and b song stream. Right. Spitters and cultivating.


Yeah. They niggas just rapping over there. Gotcha. So I'm sure there was an internal struggle there, how, how this info has been dispersed says that both sides wanted to kind of Yeah. Yeah. She wanted to be, it sounded like she wanted to get away. They were happy, they wanted to get her away. Yeah. This is one of those things where the truth is in the lie. And when they put the lie on Front Street being both sides left happy. Well yeah, that's true. But yeah, that's the way It is. It's in there. Got understood. It's the details. The devil is in the details. Right. And It's about, about that lack of Gotcha. And it's about that relationship because I've seen situations where one person leaving is a sign and within a year, like two or three more artists go and by the time and it starts to whittle down.


But y'all saying this ain't it. That's Good to know. Yeah, I don't, I don't See that happening there. Good, good, good, good. In that, in that sense, they Got, I would be stepping to Ari, like the Jets stepped to fucking Aaron Rogers. I'd be like, yo, do you want to make music? And if the answer is yes, then full steam ahead. 'cause she's been, she's had disparaging remarks about wanting to continue a career. Not just her, but a few people in r and b have had just remarks about continuing their career under this current construct. So, but if she wants to make music, great. Good luck to her. Right. Because she's very talented. For sure. Love her voice. She's super du Absolutely. She's she's Really music. It wasn't great fit. And sometimes, and that's okay. Yeah. True. Like we have a a look, we have a direction we go over here and if you don't fit that or you want to do this, let's find a way to and go.


And, you know, with all due respect to anyone that she's worked with previously, I love her. And Ja, Jasmine Sullivan's collaborations. But if you're, if you're a r and b songstress and you're not liking how things are going and then you can get with Brian Michael Cox for unlimited hours. Yeah. You'll probably want to leave your previous situation. Oh yeah, For sure. That's Real. For sure. And if you're running a rap label and you're one of the top tier rap artists in the world and there's someone that's just Yeah. Yeah. Give me a little bit of, a little bit of a, you know. Yeah. You're probably happy to, Everybody looks like Everybody wins. That's it. Everybody wins. So salute to all of them.


Indeed. Wishing Them all the best. And I, I spoke to niggas back when that j Cole apology popped out. Some people were worried about how that may reflect on them. I'm not saying Ari is one of them, but if I'm on the label and the label head is going through something like that, yeah. I'm not, I'm, I'm, I reserve the right to think about it. Sure. That's all. Yo this crew, when it comes to breaking down these topics anyway, man, y'all are killing, y'all are killing. I feel so much more informed than I did before we sat here. What else do I need to be informed about? Also in music announcements, Wayne announced that he is doing an MSG show. Niggas are Wayne and me to death before I hear enough songs.


I ain't gonna lie to you. Hey, listen, I'm, I'm, This is the power. I like this though. I, I like this personally. I I know Wayne's history with New York City, Wayne. He was like, he was never coming back to New York. I know he did. Wayne hates New York. He hate, I know he did an Apollo show. He hates New York, But he hates New York and he Has his Drake Hates New York. Lot of nigga New York Young Money is responsible for New York losing some of its cachet last decade. Wow. Talking to artists wanting to stop, stop by high Take. They ain't, I don't think it's hot take at all. They, they both on record ain't it? Drake is on record saying, yo, regardless of what y'all think as a artist, you do not need to go to New York to sell a record. And he was right. He's on record saying that Lil Wayne is on record saying, yo fuck New York.


The niggas locked me up with a gun on the bullshit while I was the biggest rapper in the world. I hate New York. He's, they both said that. Him and Birdman literally said, we're never going back to New York. That's crazy. Yeah, they, but glad, glad, glad it's changed And Yeah, it's changed. And again, it's Madison Square Garden. Yeah. You know, no disrespect you not Wayne ain't go to Barklay And Fifth was at the night. Me and Fifth was up in there. You was there. Let's put it in order. Sparks me and Fifth was in there. Chilling. Watch Game. Fat Joe too. And Fat Joe And Fat Joe was there. That name Fifth and Fat Joe. All The stars. I ain't see your name on the screen when they were showing the celebrities didn't see I saw you in the backtrack. All the stars. All the stars was out. You know sometimes the, the playoff games separate from the NBA openers where you might see a mark and Ish together.


Oh shit. Shit. You might see a mark. You might see a mark and Ish take the drive and well they could see us because we were in the front row. Oh shit. Well I mean behind Scores table. Nah, nah, nah. Behind scores. Table next to the basket. Those seats come down a couple times You was behind Carrot Top you was sitting behind. Oh shit. Damn Nigga I was next to Timbo. Nigga, watch your out. Oh shit. Carrot Top God yo, carrot Top. That guy Deal that guy. No way. What was we talking about? I'm trying to play my man y'all. That's my wing shit. Ms. G being allowed. Ms. G, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen.


Brand new Coco Jones in your phone and on DSPs right now man. I only got to hear the oh, Oh, Oh. Hey, what else? Anyway, brand new Coco Jones in your phone and on DSPs right this second.


This record is called On Site. This is not an ad. RCA hasn't given me a dime ever. We should change that RCA anyway. Coco Jones. Shit, I've only heard it one time but It is heat on there. That shit, it's a new project. It's absolutely yes. Oh, I Thought we were sleeping. No, I Thought were sleeping. That's, I thought it was a song. Y'all dying to go home nigga? No, no. We got mad. More topics to get to. No we're not. No, we got way more topics to get to y'all. You see. Hey don't touch that down. Nigga said I thought we was at sleep. We all went your phone like am I asleep? Like, oh shit. No. Coco Jones has a new album and It is out now and I was just playing a joint off it because I fuck with her, fuck with her.


Even though my sleeper will probably come from that same album. Destin Conrad album in your phone as well. I only heard half of it. It sounds like Heat. That's just my r and b update for you guys. Coco Jones Destin Comrade this weekend. Got it. I think Salt Dropped something too. I I listen to Salt Co. Oh really? Yeah. Ooh. Let double check and make sure that some old shit that I just stumbled. Hey It was what? What were you sir? You know what I mean? It is crazy. Bobby Nigga Door. We was ass Sleevers. You thought you was about to be outside by 5:00 PM bro. I was texting Right. It was Texas Shaggy. I'm like Yeah, this was too April 18th. Texas Shaggy it. Fuck with you too. Shout out to Shaggy. I love Shaggy.


Yeah, fuck with, I saw you doing his lyrics on the internet. This said this said your name and shit. The lady said your name. I'm like, yo, don't I even said in the video I was about to drop today. Don't, I'm not flip from that. I'm Queen Flip told directly. Well, oh well now they know you Pat. Yo, he's one of Joe Bus's co-host. Nah, I'm Queen Flip. Like he know me Miss he know me. They telling you who this man is. Don't compare me 'cause he gonna use it. But you, you are but you're on Joe Button calls From the Joe Button podcast. No I'm not. I'm But that's how they've heard of you. And I'm on the Joe button Podcast not from, did you not mention JP when you tried to get into that show last week? No, no, no. Oh, that's, that's, that's fine. Maybe you should have mentioned it's an ego thing with him. And I like, it's a power thing.


Like Well that's why you stayed outside. That's why You Right. He fucked with me. Who was winning. That's why he was bog. Who He did a slick shit again. Hold on. The man said you was boggling in the parking lot. No, no, no, no. I wasn't bog in the parking lot, but I was in the parking lot though. I think I'm at, I'm think I'm At Barclays Saturday. Who's winning the ego battle. Yeah, I'm winning now. He was winning. He was destroying me. Nigga Sonic, when I'm back, I'm back. I'm back. He was bodying me nigga. Alright, just so you know, I am not competing with you. You Started it, you told me you're, you started, yo, this power struggle, ego battle.


I'm gonna come out. You told me this. I didn't even think that of it. You, you set the premise. Well that's 'cause you work here. So the level of resistance you were offering was unacceptable to me. And I have to find alternative ways to teach that to you. I still ain't learn. I know I still Ain't. I know because he don't like that. He hated that. Don't, he ain't like, He don't like that shit. Don't give a fuck. Flip No. Fuck with that. Rich. Just rambunctious. No Rebellious. No, no. All the R words. If you spell rambunctious with a R. What I don No, you spell shit. All The R words don't point at him. Nigga. Like RE watch your fucking mouth. That's r That was crazy point. Watch nigga. I just, I know there's some slick little undertone in your R He said R word and I point I wasn't thinking about you.


What's the other R word? What name? Some more. I said rambunctious and rebellious. And then you Said all the R words. All words. What's another one? I don't know. That was the end of my All. All right. I'm missing whatever joke y'all are Saying. They think they thought you were calling him Aard. No. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. That's what you was Saying. I wasn't even thinking about I wouldn't do that. I haven't thought that. Listen, I don I don't, I don't. That is when, since earlier in the show when you said you listened to the book of Malcolm X after I gave it to you. No, I listened to the audio book. You knew I listened to it because I told that's the only time I thought maybe followed. Had you your physical book? Yeah. You had me. Huh? You followed like, you had it reading to you while you scanned me. Nah, nah, that's I was with his finger on the word. That's why that's, you know what's so funny about y'all niggas? Fuck that. You, you not a nigga, but maybe you are.


Listen, you know what's so funny about y'all? You should be ashamed of yourself Doc. You should be shit trying to highlight somebody who you may you be calling me the R word. Lord. I didn't call you you the r you should be ashamed. Uses his wisdom for Evil. You should be ashamed of yourself. You should be a, you should wanting to teach, wanting to. I do come together. That's why I gave hell. That's why gave you don't inspire, nigga. No, you don't inspire me. That's good. That good? You insult. You insult like a nigga that got picked on his whole, his whole life. No. And I don't think that's the case. I'm I'm not bro. I I I wasn't even thinking about you being brought that up. No, your man did. I didn. He didn't think about you being thought you were, you said The more you say it, the more we have to edit.


Oh Yeah. Thank you. Nobody thought that you worth those things. Can't do that because I, I I thought the same thing flipped though. He said he can't say that. Well, he said all R words. Your mark. You know what's so crazy? Yo, mark, I had such deep admiration for you. That's the funny part. Yeah, let's sit at the table man. I, I gotta teach you a couple of things, yo. Sure. I can teach you bro. I know you can't. This R words don't DM Shannon. Oh, You threw shit for Come on. I'm Flip Man. Watch tell you talking. I love You. Think it. I love you too bro. We didn't think about playing, But why is it bad if somebody knows you as a co-host from the Joe Button podcast? Because I'm still Queens Flip. I walked in the building as Queens Flip. I was just surprised after Miss Pat up there as Sirius, when she introduced me, It is on video. I looked at her like, this is one of Joe Button's co-host it Flip not even Queens.


Flip, queen Flip. It is 5 million Listeners. That's how they know you. No. Hey, that's a good thing. I didn't get in a building like that. You're not saying that, but we saying that's how a lot of People now, they don't call a lot People don't know. Hey, watch your fucking mouth. Look, listen, listen. And I'm, I'm, I'm not trying To shoot. Watch your mouth. Listen to what I'm saying though. Let's say your reach was here and then see I didn't do that. And then getting on this platform took your reach here. So there's a gap of people that might only know you from the Joe Button podcast. Hey yo. But let me, lemme share something. Do, can you, do you agree with that? No. Okay. If my reach is here and Joe brought me up here, cool. I understand that right. You are welcome. Thank you. But nigga Head didn't stop.


All Head did was grow Nigga while I'm here, nigga I came with my own fucking enterprise. Nigga, watch your fucking mouth. Everybody know that though. Nah, nah, nah. Fuck you nigga. You Know who you streets know. You know who you are. And now you Interview Elbow. Look what he playing. You said what? You interviewed Alpo. Yo, that a Struggle bro. You know who you are. This isn't a joke so don't take it the wrong way. You like Johnny Gill. Johnny Gill was a star on his own. Then he joined New Edition. He don't be like, I'm not Johnny GI from New Edition. And now he made other shit after New Edition and he, and he's a bigger star. But He stood New Edition and it was the other Johnny Gil rumors. Yep. And I knew that. That's my See that I got a big heel. You won you my man.


Yes. I was just shocked she did that. 'cause It is something between him and I. I know, I know. And you know her doing that is gonna lead to Him feeling. Exactly. That's all I know. I know. When she introduced me, I'm like, the first time it happened in a while. Wow. So shit. Yeah, It is all good though. Shout to JBP man And shout to you. Shout. Thank you. Thank you. Alright, what else we got? What else we got? Yeah, that's all I had in music was Coco Jones and Destin Conrad. If you're a RB lover, please check out those albums. Really good projects. What else? What else, what else, what else, what else? I ain't have nothing written down outside of Shannon. Let me just make sure here. Oh yeah. Ain't a thing written down here. Mark, you wrote Kalani up there? Oh Yeah.


Shout to my sister Kani. Just to her. I need to, I didn't know y'all were related. What's the Y'all related? Yeah, that, that's the home man. I need to actually find out what happened. But she was, she had a speech at Cornell University. Yeah. And it was canceled. No shocker there. I've been canceled from a million speeches, so I understand this. Oh really? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Her advocacy, her political advocacy, advocacy particularly for Palestine, got her canceled. I don't think anybody should be surprised at that. You should be surprised at this point if they allow you to still come. You Right. You know what I mean? But there is a bigger trend that we should pay attention to right now. Yeah. What's up? People are getting canceled. Say right here. What'd you say? Say it right here. People are getting free speech is under attack and at some point, whoa, I'm ignoring them people free speech is under attack.


And in this Trump era, whether it's universities, whether It is jobs, they're making it so that your political beliefs are stopping you from getting a job, keeping a job, earning money as a contractor or as a, as a fully hired employee. It's just a dangerous moment. And we gotta fight to stop that from happening. All right. So I think there's a big misconception on free speech. Free speech don't mean you could say whatever the fuck you want and just move on like nothing happened. And I think a lot of people, that's what they believe free speech is. Like even when they say First amendment free speech, the first amendment don't mean say whatever the fuck you want. It just means you're, you're free from a being like locked up. Yeah. For what? For your Belief. But people can make choices.


Right. But choices come with consequences. Yeah. And that's the part that a lot of people forget when they go out here and say these things. This is money, this is corporation involved, this is business. So if I, if you go somewhere and say the wrong thing on a platform or you whatever, it can affect you down the line. Damn. Did ice just school a doctor? I'm about To say what type of muffin muffins all Oh, no, no, no. You about to get returned. That's my guy. I'm moving. Well let's get that fresher ar you might then you might wanna wait a minute. What, what kind of muffin's ice got? Yeah, I don't have any that up. So here, here's, here's my bacon in this shit. Nasty, nasty muffins. Oh Man. Well allow me to retort. Alright. Oh, the issue isn't consequences for free speech.


I agree with you. If, if somebody stands up and says, I hate all black people, I don't think they should have have to give a speech at Howard. Right. I think we can cancel 'em and say, you're not in line with our values. I'm okay with that. I think I, It is dangerous to do that with Kalani who's actually speaking against genocide. So I would just, first, I would just put that out there. Right? She's speaking out against the human rights crisis. But my issue is the places she's being disinvited from are places that say we want free speech. So if you say, I don't want somebody who has this belief at your company, at your business or whatever, cool. If you say, I don wanna buy this person's album, cool. Right? That's that's the stuff you're talking about. We're in agreement on that. Where we disagree or where I think it's not applicable is a university that's supposed to have everybody, it's supposed to have every point of view It.


And that's what we disagree. Mark. No, no, no. I'm saying university. A university has a board. They got people they answer to. They Have to look at he's right up. No, no, no. Especially at Ivy League school. Yeah. I'm I'm not being naive. I'm saying they purport themselves to be doing that while doing the opposite. Of course. Of course. And I'm saying that's why people are outraged. So it's not that people are trying to hide from the consequences of free speech. I think that's what happens when people get mad that people don't buy their albums or buy their records that they get fired from Like, when I got fired from Fox News, I wasn't, I wasn't mad. Right. I didn't like it, but I understood that my values were different than theirs. And my free speech stopped me from gonna jail. But the, the, I'm not entitled to a job at Fox News. I am entitled to speak at a university. That's Not true. If you're not entitled to speak at A university's not, that's not true. If your message goes against, if your message can cause a problem or too much distraction or too much noise for said university, they have the right to say, Hey yo, we don't want that.


So here here's, I think we're talking past each other for a second. They have a right to Disinvite Kalani. Sure. Yes. What I said was, there's a bigger issue around free speech, which the universities are shut, are shutting down free speech, not allowing a variety of ideas to be articulated. They're firing faculty for example, for for speaking on certain issues. They're, they're doxing students are, are Columbia University recently said that they're not, they're not even, they're gonna be taking away degrees from people for having certain free speech. That's the issue for me now with Kalani. I think it's fucked up that they're not letting Kalani speak, but it's actually not okay to police the discourse. Right. You, you, you can't say, well I'm only gonna have people who are pro Second Amendment and not have people who are anti Second Amendment and I'm gonna invite all the pro gun speakers and not if I'm staying as a university saying we want, we want all the ideas, Mark.


But that is where, that is where ice and I fundamentally disagree with what you're saying. We are saying in this country what you are can 100% be different than what you say you are. And most businesses here anyway operate like that. Yes. What do you say to that? That universities aren't businesses. They're Wait, what They Yeah, I think that's where I disconnected Structurally. They're nonprofits structurally. They, they they have, they have, they're designed and organized to not do that. That's the reason they have a tenure system. That's the reason why I have all these things is to make sure that people's speech is protected. And so I'm saying if, if this were a company, I wouldn't be arguing.


I wouldn't be mad if, If, see, I'm of the belief that college is all businesses. Yeah. In reality, yes they are. In reality. In reality. I'm speaking in reality terms though. Not theoretically Saying that what? Right. And I'm criticizing them for not living up to the values that they say they're doing. That's, that's the criticism. That's my point. You have at it with that. And in the age of Trump, they're making it, they're making it so much worse that they're saying like more obvious. That's just more obvious, more illegal. They're banning students. For example, they're saying, Trump is telling universities, if you don't play ball, we're not gonna allow you to have any more foreign students. We're not gonna let you have any more international students. Which is a way of draining their money for not having a certain position. Governments are saying, for example, on the Palestine issue in particular, they're saying if you criticize Israel, you can't get funding from us or you can't get a grant from us.


These are illegal acts that those things are actually illegal. 'cause it becomes discriminatory. I'm With you there, there's a lot of I agree. I'm with you There. Yeah. And, and, and that's so for me, it's not about Kehlani who can, that, you know, that's a small issue. I'm saying that free speech is literally under attack in places where it's supposed to Be the safest in a way that it's never been before. Right. Okay. Exactly. I I can agree with that and I can agree with that. Yeah. Yeah. So put the fucking muffin mix away. Oh Shit. But you have a different, you ain't like that shit. Yeah, I don't care. I Don't care. You have a different, you have different views on college than, than I do though. Yeah. So I I I see it. Right. I see it because we, we, I'm, those are the places I'm supposed be The you have in them. I Have no faith in them. I have no faith. But it's, it's more that I work at one and like, you know, do y'all understand tenure at a university?


I don't. So the whole point of tenure is, so a tenure is, I'm a tenure professor, so it's, I I really can't be fired after a certain number of years at a university. You go through a process and you get tenured. And once you I'm locked in. Yeah. Forever. How many years is that? It's usually seven. There's, it depends. I ain't, but seven is general and you have to do some things to get it. If you get approved for tenure, you're tenure forever. The lots. So you Still have to get approved. It's not, I could do the time and be Tenured. No, no, no, no. You have to be voted. And that's why they make it like, almost like a haze. You have to publish a lot of work or you have to have a certain teaching record. You have to prove that you're worthy. And this is Amongst all colleges, Just about with very few exceptions. But one of the things, so lemme say that the logic behind tenure initially was to protect faculty from unpopular ideas.


The idea was is that if I'm at a university and I want to speak out against the logic of the day. If I wanna write a controversial book or I wanna make a scientific claim that's unpopular Flat earth. I said unpopular not stupid. Right. Oh shit. But sure. Fight back. Fight back. But, but the I, but, but whatever it but, but whatever It is, I can't be fired. So I tenure protects me from that. So I have a safe place from which to operate. Because in the fifties, for example, you know, during the red baiting in the, and all the communist stuff, they were going to universities looking for the commies. And they were trying to literally fire faculty who had different politics. Is this True no matter how outrageous? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That, that's the point. It could be something that we think is disgusting.


People wrote, like in the eighties, the bell curve nineties, the bell curve came out, which basically in black people aren't very smart scientifically. Right. But they're tenured. But the idea is there do to No got it. But the idea, so that's what the universities are designed to protect these things. Yeah. That's that's my point. So you, and but what's happening now in this area is they're also trying to get rid of tenure. They're trying to hire more people who can't, who are untenable the part-time professors, the graduate students. So that they, so that people can be, oh, They found, they found a Workaround. They're finding a workaround so that they can police people's speech. Well, so they're Still not, they're still not removing tenure, they just getting people that are not eligible for It. Right. But they're also changing it. But also a woman, Maura Finkelstein last year was tenured and got fired for speak, for, for tweets she made at Ellberg College of Pennsylvania.


She, Did she have any, any fight, like any type Ofcourse for that? They went back, they went back and forth. She actually bumped into her at the celebrity Muslim event. And she said that they settled something or that she, she decided to resign so that she wouldn't look like she got fired. But this is what I'm saying. It's a, It is just a crazy moment right now. So you just said Trump is threatening to take away some of the funding. Yeah. So then what, what position are you in now? You never get any international students. They, they, he basically putting their back against the wall. That's what you and they're play ball. So they have to comply. Right. Harvard told 'em to fuck off, but Harvard has more money than God. Right. And Columbia like That. And Harvard did that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But what if they do that at the Morehouse? What if they do at the Hampton or Dell State? What if they do that to see what you saying? You see what I'm saying? Harvard's endowment is in the tens of billions. Right. They have, that's how much money they have reserved.


Morehouse might, I don't know what Morehouse is, but there are a lot of HBCUs that have 10 million, 15 million. They can't afford to not get federal funding. Can Afford, they can't afford to take the, They can't afford. Exactly. And this has never happened in the history of American education before. Shit. Speaking of Trump, you See that his website is selling Trump 2028 shirts now. Yo. That's crazy. I thought that was how much joke. I was like, How long did it take him to ride? What? Oh was it like 24 hour shipping? Yo, yo, You, you, I don't know. I but that. Oh, he ain't going nowhere without a fight. That is crazy Bro. It is crazy. Harvard's endowment is 53.2 billion. Sheesh. What? Yeah, they got different money. That's what I'm saying. And they and they controlling the world so they can take the fight. Yep. Yeah. That's It for the stance.


Yep. Got it. Still ain't bake no muffs nigga the fuck outta Here. Oh, I didn't think I baked muffins. I was saying my Muffs didn't went flat. He just turned the oven off. Is what? That's What I'm, I said put the oven mix away. That's cool. I said I didn't get No, no. His ovens, his muffs was in the oven. Nigga you talking put the mix away. It was already mixed. Nigga. That's you talking about. Okay. Yeah, he came to the fight. Yeah. Just Shut the oven. I'm here for it. I Love it. I Love it. Okay. We did music. We did Kevin Gates, we prayed for the arenas family. We did Lil Wayne Quest. Love Oof. Sad news. We gotta Cue it up. Quest love. Cue it Up. No, No, that's my man.


It hurts. Cue it up. Pause. That was, You are late, yo. I said pause man, we never gonna grow up. Y'all never. We shouldn. It's no fun. And it really is No fun growing up. Nah. Damn. Ah Shit. Alright. This hurts. This one hurts. I don, I don't like this one. This One hurts. It is my man. I'm slowing it down. Here we go. Hey, Make it quick. Pause Quest Love ended this Bcast. It appears that way. Quest Supreme. They have Finale Quest Love Supreme. One of my favorite podcasts. Same. Mostly interviews with prominent musicians, artists and things of that nature have announced finale series finales.


They may just be reshaping it in some format. I don't know the full details Here. Here's what I know. The numbers were good. It's popular. This isn't a situation where it failed or it collapsed. I think they just wanted, like you said, We need a hundred million. Oh Right. Gotta be careful. Yeah, don't be careful. 9 million Might be a hundred available soon. But That liquor deck. Oh yo. I didn. See What he did. Yo, I can't help myself Bro. You Gotta stop that shit. Just DM the nigga to be cool with him. Stop bro. I'm a terrible person. I'm sorry. That shit man. Come on. But shout out to Quest. Love to ante the whole crew. They all my peoples. But Marberry, If I'm on the volume that's fucked up that that happen to Shannon.


However, However, well why DM me? I was thinking about a little raise anyway. Don't Have comedy. A hundred mil just got freed up or so I think Time to have a combo. Oh nigga, You could gimme one of those at least. Right? Oh man. What will I do if fucking it goes? Alright, I gotta go to the bathroom. Oh boy. Way got. Oh shit. Don't say that. Joking, Joking, joking. Alright, We on, We On. I'm sad to see Quest. Love Supreme. Me too. One of my favorites. Move on.


It's really one of the, one of the best music nerd podcasts that have ever existed. Yes. Quest. Love. We love you man. For sure bro. Y'all so dumb, man. Well, it's really me. You Too. It's all You. That's all You. And he can't help at all. That's what makes it Bad. When I told y'all when I'm 46, 47. No You're not Joe. I'm telling you. No you're not. Nah, for real. 'cause my girl is already having to talk. Like, what Are you gonna change? You're 45. And I found how long you be living like this? Like All right. At some point I do have to change. You're right, baby. Okay. I hear you got today though. Do y'all believe in unconditional love? Yeah. From like a baby?


Yes. Pet. Oh yeah. Pat. Pat. Love comes with conditions man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I believe in unconditional love. From, From God. No, no, No, no, no. Not from God. And most people the most conditional. Yeah. Right. Nigga got rules. I love nobody but me. Right. I'm, I'm thinking more like children. Got it. That's about the only place where I feel p parents are terrible at. I think the children love us unconditionally. Mm. I think parents love their children quite conditionally. I think that's some human construction. Them kids don't know us. Hear us give a fuck about us. That's Not, I don't mean from birth, but I mean like you can develop.


I say you can develop a, that kind of relationship. I agree. You know what I mean? Yeah. Do you believe in having a favorite kid? Huh? Headphones acting up. Right. I threw, We got a little interference from, so that was me and my girl first Fighting to the parents here. To the parents here. Do y'all believe in favorite kids? No. You, that was me and my girl first fight. Why? I told, I observed. I told her she has a favorite kid. Everybody Has a favorite kid. She Ain't like that shit. That shouldn't be a fight. She didn't like that shit. She, She don't, she don't like it like that. She don't like it now. She don't like it now. It is true though. Which one's your favorite? Even if you're not, even if you not even if you're not ready to admit that. No, It is true. One Is just the most behaved.


So no, that's a different, I'm not talking about the best behave. I'm talking about the kid that you like better than the other ones. Nah, my mom's way to answer that question. 'cause she has two boys. Me and my older brother was, was always Yes. I have a favorite. You're my favorite for six months. He's my favorite for six months. That's a good answer. That's a good one. That's a nice safe way to play that. Yeah. My parents have favorites. That's kind of what she Said. You got a favorite for sure. I don't got a favorite. Yes you do. You do You The One, the one that keep 'em off you. Nah, that's not my favorite. It is not favorite. That's your favorite. I don't got, nah. Any reason you could walk around? So you don't believe That? No. No. I'm not sure about that. I, me being around you have a favorite.


Me being around JR a lot more because we work together. That's not my favorite. No, I didn't say nothing. Nobody said J Jr didn't say nothing. Start Did. I love, I love all my children equally. And that's the problem. We didn't say nothing About law, About I don everybody loves the kids equally. We're not talking about law. No, no. You can have, I don't have a favorite child. No. Me personally. You got a big dog. Shit. I was the favorite child. I, I've experie listen, I've experienced, I've experienced when people think that you're the favorite or think that I'm the favorite or think that my brother was the favorite, like I experienced that in real time and what that does to the family and that, you know, just the, the arguments and the confusion of what it does.


Nigga. I always vowed that when I have my own children, I'll never do that. So I don't have any favorites. Okay. There's some kids, like she said, I do agree. Some kids behave more than others. Some kids you may reward for their behavior more than others because you have to show the other child like, yo this, this is what you get when you act or you walk this path. But that don't mean that you're my favorite 'cause you behave, you may just gimme less of a headache. But there's something that you may do that I love just as much as what you may do. Do you like hanging out with one more than the other? You ain't gotta say who. No. No. I don't like hanging out more than, no. I love hanging out with all my children equally. That's dope. Yeah. That's dope. Do you have a favorite child Joe? So watch yourself.


One of them niggas like pick the one that watches the show. Yeah but no. All a little bit. Say a little bit more Like Trey is my favorite child because I was blessed enough to have a child when I was 20 years old. So I do think it's fly for me to be 44 and my son to be turning about 20, 25. Like we have a different connection and it's different than me and Lex. So yeah. He's my favorite until I'm around Lex, who I'm around at an age that I didn't seet my oldest son in see something different.


So I'm like in a warped. Yeah. They're both my favorites because I missed it. I missed, I missed these times. Different parts. I'm getting different experiences. That's how I am is all I'm saying. That's how I Am. I have such different, I have three very different Parents situ so I'm, so when I'm with Trey he's my favorite. And when I'm with Lex he's my favorite. Yeah. And when I'm with both of them, it's not about how I feel about either. It's important that y'all love on each other and do all that. Brother, brother, brother. Shit Fire. That's a We good guy. That's a good one. Yeah. Clean it up. You got out there? Yeah. Yeah he got out there. You got to nigga make another disc record about you clip ready clip. Nah that's my man. He gonna stop dis and me. No he not. He haven't dis the, he gonna stop dis and me now that I've been to the live show and and seen how he's introduced.


Yeah. Enough of those. Mm. Don't tell me they do the, I told you you get on stage. Alright. Come to the stage. No, no that's him actually he be up there. Yeah. You familiar with the name but not the face. It's like ear dog. All right. If you're doing that you need a lot of cash on that name. It ain't be too much. Can't dis me now. Not too much on button. If you leading with this. Not too much on button at all. Facts buddy. And this summer I'm gonna bring 'em down to the family reunion for the first time. Around the buttons. Around the button buttons. So that's gonna be fun. So yeah, he gonna really see what being a button means. I'm gonna bring him down to the, he just announced he got a lot of shit. Come on to our grave site. To the, to the button grave site. Let him see all the buttons from the 17 hundreds from 1690 or some shit.


Show. Show you. Yeah. The history is you the history of this so you can know who you are for when I'm not here anymore. So you could that's a good one. Have that family pride that I have. That's a good one. I don't have anything else but I didn't have anything on my list to start. So had Sha Sharp. Sharp. Yeah that's all I had. So it's totally up to y'all. Where we out of time? 3 0 2. Oh I'm like saying we educate those sleep. Indeed. We knew that though. Huh? We knew that. No y'all was too thirsty. We knew we was going, y'all was too thirsty. Who was thirsty? Playing song. New music. New music. Right. That's how you sleep. Nah, nah. Fuck y'all new Coco Jones.


Oh shit. We was like, oh shit. Okay we out. Fuck it. Say less. No, not at all. Not at all. Thirsty. Thirsty for the sleepers. I am going with Coco Jones and this record is right after track four. I played track three earlier. This is track four AEOMG right after that is our cardiacs track. Thank for U Track five. The sequencing on this is nuts. This is Coco Jones AEOMG. Yeah I'm playing all the songs you could fuck to man Getting Hy Shannon talking.


God My oh my Never.


That's brand new music from Coco Jones in your phone and on DSPs right now that record is called AEOMG on their brand new album again. Check it out. If you have not heard it yet, shout to Coco Jones or Biden. I'm going to get that Coco Jones album the second we done up here. It's fire. Yeah That Sounds fast. I don, I didn't know she dropped but I fucked With her. Yeah, no she's fired. Dope. I'm going to the A. This is Belly gang Cushing. I know the name. The name is crazy to me. No we're making fun of you with the A. You going to the A? You going to the A? We're children don't Buy us. Yeah that's fine.


It's a pat. You good? You Good? You know what it was A Yeah We discussed the ref. The refs got together, we discussed it. Right. You're good school. Common. Common going to the See It is his favorite place to go Anyway. He has a new album out today called The Streets is yours And this record is 75 on 75. Hey, Hey, hey, hey. I'm 22. Bad in I got like 54. I've been selling drugs so long. My momma starting to give up.


It's so much crack in here. I think I need strip glass all around me like them Arabs at the liquor store you bike, you taking DI took people 70 5K on 75. Little niggas, they not gang real life. They catch a case when they get in the they comply. Damn son. Fuck G. My dad ain't never been shit. I don't feel like brand or strapped up like s that lesbian prostitute. These niggas ain't fucking with me. I'm in kids with a fuck in a bowl in the stole. These niggas ain't cooking with me. I'm in the street. Dirty fed crackers be looking at me, they be at me.


I be letting my uncle the, he took him a piece he took, I cut off his own, cut off he loud cut off his phone in the seat trapping in some car like I'm going farm 2021. I had caught a couple cases I couldn't even get, I couldn't even get around. Dropped a bat 6,000 nigga I came from work up in the house nigga I came up from busing Fate County nigga I came And again that record is 75 on 75 by belly gain.


Cushing album is called Streets is the Streets is yours. New project. It's a lot of, I listened to them, IM like damn the sample's in here. Like he flipped M's cleaning out my closet. Oh he got, he got a lot of expensive samples in here. Huh? Good rapping. I know a lot of it was a lot of heat around some of his content and stuff and some of the city was saying but good project if you it Sounded shit. It sounded good. He could rap. He could rap. I'm dope. I'm gonna check out the whole project. So I didn't get all the way through Ray Vaughan's new album but I got through enough to know that I liked this song. DOLLAR menu.


Okay here goes nigga. Hey hey nigga. What's up bro? What you want to Everything. Everything gonna be a 10 piece for my mama. Daddy eat that night. Promise I'm keep it 99 cent for life. Last night I had sleep for dinner Mama Mama dope know how to sell drugs, know how to sell dreams. Age of 14. I was doing my own thing but mama I'm hungry because last night I had soup for Dinner In my conscious wave more than me from the women I hurt from the people I leave from the fires. I found a job on Nin. Indeed. 'cause last night I only had sleep for dinner in Hell's Kitchen with the recipe disaster in Long Beach.


Donate plasma, we donate my sperm but I can't 'cause I know how I feel to be best. And last night I only had sleep for dinner. Couldn't even put a tanky dinner. Not a banquet. How many days left on my calendar. Want that mother? Yeah do what you want. Yeah. Standing on couches 'cause I'm trying to Fuck that bitch. Bring a bottles to me. Y'all be in dms begging these hoes. I feed off a dollar meat.


Start it off Buck. Now I got that money. I'm blinky. I got it with me. Y'all be in dms begging these hoes. I off the DOLLAR menu. Forehead back Bat hates. But I love her rats. Wait what's that Look on his hat. LA County. Do you know where you at? Take the order. Make a McDouble back sitting at the window with a big Mac. Mac. Ain't Shane matter? I used to wear Shaqs 'cause I hit a home run. Slide top four backs. Bear bonds. When my do my look Air time pop out got shook. Air time niggas always crying. Wolf Air time putting money on books, air time and it's like that. It's gotta go out and never look twice at everything going good like a white stash tearing through the city in a white cat standing on couches 'cause I'm trying to Fuck that bitch. Bring a bottles to me.


Y'all be in dms begging these hoes. I feed off the DOLLAR menu. Yo. Start it off broke. Now I got that money. I got it. Whitney. Yeah y be in dms begging these hoes I feed off the DOLLAR menu. Yeah It is Big bag Junior Mr. Pie scraper. I'm the Lord's favorite. Throw a lot of money, threw a lot of saving. Don't tell that bitch him my son let's shade it Cake Me with my bms. I made it. I can't check my dms. I made them part of the Motion club. I made it. Nigga I'm me. You, you, you hate it. Look I gotta watch Micuc Bitch. Mya leaving crib. She wants to tip. She only gonna take all the shade. My just get a T. She don't with Scar because she want that body that she get Doctors come fuck with a whopper. Come on couches because I'm trying to Fuck that bitch.


Bring a bottle to me. It is DOLLAR Menu by Ray Vaughn off his new project, which I don't know the title to off the top of my head. That was absolutely crazy. Yeah. Oh it's called The Good Bad and the DOLLAR menu. It is the name of the album. That was absolutely insane. Which From what I've heard is is really dope. I can't wait to listen to the rest of it. Wow. Yeah he's dope. That particular song, he's dope. Was bonkers. Yeah He's Dope. Shout to Rayvon for Sure. Got track from the new black Samson, the Bastard Swordman. That's the Wu Tang Clan and Mathematics album. First time everybody. We've been together since like 11 years. Yeah the track is called Claudine.


You ever feel that pain when you lose someone? There's so much in your heart knowing that you'll never get those moments back. Wish him, you could bring him back just to hug him and just hold him and kiss him one time. Me sir, I'm sorry I have to, I only love her when she mad at me.


She mad scrappy that make sex be mad nasty. I heads be bumping like bad. Acne is sad. Actually she turned her back to get back at me and then backtrack me. But we happy just take it back and don't back stab me. If that's my story, I'm sticking to it and I'm nat tacky. If she the mama, I'll be the happy. No need to ask me if she attract me, I'm blow her back. And she need a nappy in the fetal position like in the womb. You don't feel like giving nine months. You'll be feeling it soon. Just assuming another chick could never fit in your mood. She's just trying to be that dish that ran away with the spoon now and we gonna clean house. Gotta start with a room one broom and knock and clean out. Never start with a goone. Now leave it up. The boomer we always start with, boom.


I got time. Straight up and starting. Love it. We three, What's going bro? Reflect on the scriptures and no pictures. Staring at my mama in the kitchen doing dishes despite how she was living. Who am I to judge? But what I've learned, if your mama's alive show of love. The pain that I experienced over through the fame carried me for nine months.


She pushed. Then I came. Now why? To see the show attracted to they mama on this plane to never hear that voice again. It never be the same. When the death express, it feel like your soul is so thin. Sadness. To find yourself crying in the open. Her face was cold. She felt my tears in the casket and nevy dropped. That fell in the cheek. I cried as in obituary, foes and flowers over in the cemetery. Andries just like the end of Cooley High. Mama, come back. We miss you. Come back for a couple of days so I can just hug you and kiss you. We, we not All right.


That shit was shit. Y'all showing y'all ass today? Yeah. Shit. That was crazy. That was firefighter. Shout to Nicole Ray Goldsmith. Yeah, for sure. That was crazy. That was restoring the feeling that in that rayon and now shit. That's how y'all feeling. Listen Man, Some good shit dropped. That's it. Good stuff. Yeah. Alright. Right man. Gotta hear. Nla Blackman dropped. Come on, lemme hear. Come on. We need some new Nile. Come on. Come on. No Ny, she told him she had that talk with him. Let me hear another one. Hey, let me, if I hear another NLA Black. She did not haveny Tyler.


Nothing. You went to see Sinners had a little date night. Yeah. Didn't play Nony. No. I with my wife. You doing it right? Fix it. It is fixed already. Nigga. Good. You right. Not it been fixed when I snapped my fingers. Everything. You, you'll have fixed it already. You'll have fixed it already. But I started figured you wouldn't be gay anymore. Right. Fuck outta you went to see s Little movie, little dinner. Yeah. Oh yeah. No more. No more of that. Fucking in the room. Shit. You crazy. Outta big in the room coming. Boy, chill out. I don't wanna talk about that right now. Chill. Chill. Don't let 'em know yet. Yeah, these Two bro.


They Crazy. He keep fucking with me. Oh man. Trying to think too, girl. Chilling man. Letting the music rock. That's true. Letting the intro rock real quick. Good PO today. Yeah. Yeah. Good vibes, good energy. Thank you. Others. Thank y'all brothers out to you. Joe. Y'all out there man. Have a real good weekend. The people you love, let 'em know. Tell 'em you love them. Hug thy neighbor. Kiss your girl. Bye. Something nice man. Let her keep the, you know what I mean? Hit your grandparents if you're blessed enough to still have grandparents. See? Yep. Just went to go see mine. You know what I mean?


You got the kids this week, this weekend or full time? Take them out man. Take 'em a little trampoline, bounce house or something. Nice man. Always works. Beautiful weather out there. Beautiful weather out there. Eagle. As for us, keep us in your prayers. If you've been listening or if this was your first time listening, then Lord knows we need to be there. Please, please, till next time we bid you a do farewell Adio, Riva, dichi, OTA arvo. So long. Goodbye or simple head noob will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So. So let's make this one last as long as we have with hey, as if it's all we have.


Lastly, the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel in a closed mind that women want you to teach some things. Grab you a Tylenol, you might need it. Hey again, we want to Say happy birthday to Bernice just because Hey, hope you're having a good time out there, girl. He go, yo, again, if you have not made it out to see Sinners, come on man. We need that money in the recoupment foul. Go ahead and check it out. Shout to our brother Ryan Coogler for sure. Shout to Michael B. Jordan. Man. Great job. Great job out there. Shout to everybody outside. Having a good time this weekend. Everybody inside. 'cause you did too much last weekend.


I mean, we ain't forget about you. Shout to the kids. Shout to the parents. Shout to the families out there. Hey, Wait up. Hey, shout the tank on Broadway. I'm gonna get there, my brother. I'm gonna get there. Actually shout the genuine Tyrese on the RB heads at the Barclays this week and I'll be there on Saturday. You going in be a great show. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Anywhere where r and b is alive and well. He's the Barclays. He good. Oh he He could go on the Barclays. He can go Barclay. I meant because other people went to the Barclays and didn't go in. Oh right. So I was just saying, is he gonna go in or I spoke to Tyrese too. Oh yeah. No Joe button. Coles couldn't get in. Yeah, Joe Button himself probably gonna walk right in.


No, now. No hassle at all. Yeah, no hassle at all. Me and fifth, I don know. I don put fifth name in that nigga me and fifth go catch a little concert. Little Sierra or something. Nice. Oh yeah. I mean some r and b. Yeah. You know that. Come on. You remember that situation? Oh shit, I forgot about that. All right, I'll tell you one. Trying to message all, see That's how should start. Lemme just get outta here after this beautiful musical breakdown. You know what I mean? Beautiful sounds of Curtis Mayfield shaft. Everybody away on vacation. And if you're not away on vacation, now's a good time to plan your vacation.


Oh yeah. We approach in May, April. Getting outta here. Like it got somewhere to be what? April? It'll be August before you know it. Don't remind me. Nah, a Turk, a Turks trip might be in my future. I looked at my girl. I was like, because we've been at it. We, a trip is overdue for us. That's, we just said that a trip is overdue for me and mine. I looked, we got two coming up. I looked at her, I was like, yo man. 'cause I been said, set it up, set it up. Where we going you, you off your dean. You know what I mean? If we ain't got the trip booked, then you off your dean. She was quiet. I was like, or maybe we should just take all the kids. Let's do like a family kids trip. I'll take the kid, my kids. You take your kids. We go to Turks and fucking turn up. I thought that was beautiful and wholesome.


She looked at me and she was like, you got your fucking mind. She said, you are. You sure we don't just need a little bit of us, a little bit of us, us time. I said, you know what baby? There you go. You right. You right again, girl. Hey, you been batting a s on. Be right baby. Until next time. Is anybody doing anything interesting over the weekend that I'll be able to exploit next week when I get back to work? We just going to see Sinners. Finally. That's it. All right. Ice and missing peace. Going to see Sinners. Flip just around. Just around. Right. No shaggy, no elephant, man. No, none of that. It's Bounty Killer Next. Got more stuff. Yeah. No vibes.


Got more stuff coming. Yeah. Come on. Everything coming soon. Tell em Yeah, they know. Promote the shit. Pop. Highlight. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Everything coming soon. Flip the network. Thank you. You know what I mean? Thank you. Yes. Turn up this year. Shout to everybody. Yeah. Good on man. You know what I mean? Making improper improv fail. But all my solo ventures, oh shit. All my, all my solo ventures have turned up, man. Doing better than ever. That was fucked. It's just my joint shifts with Joe. That's not working out, but solo wise. Right. Killing it. Anyway. Mark. Mark, what's up with you this weekend? Man, I'm on the road Speaking North Carolina. I'll see you on Saturday. Denver. I'll see you Sunday. God. And tonight I'll be in Philly for a, for a memorial service. Rest in peace to kill. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. In peace. Lost rest in peace.


Peace. Speaking, engagement. Sammy, back on the prowl. Back out there speaking. Who cares who these institutions support? I mean, long as I can get my bag. I'm surprised he didn't call him up like, yo, I can take that. Hey institutions, you can get me and r Kelly birthday party depending on how much you got. Yo. Y'all holding down out there and be safe until the next time. Holy down and anybody out there going through a silent battle.


Remember, you are not alone in this thing, man. Just pray to get to tomorrow. We'll be back same time, same place next week. We love you. Hold it down. We would be unable to do this thing without y'all. Man. All of you make this thing possible. Keep us in your prayers and until we reunite one on it. Oh. And also to my baby mama. If, if I tell my son that I'm gonna see you Saturday on a weekend that's not mine. You just supposed to hold it down and lie to him.


You ain't supposed to really hit me up, yo. She keep, I keep lying to my son like, yo man, this weekending little dude. Yo. If you wanna see me, just shoot me a text. Hey, tell your mom and just do you know fucking raggedy ass in. Keep texting me. You know man, you started looking for you sad nigga. I ain't mean that. You fucking terrible. No, I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm joking because she trying to get that shit off. 'cause it's the summertime. I had my boy for like nine weekends. So now I done, I didn did it already enough.


Now it's my turn. It's my time to shine now. I done did it for nine Weekend Rees. I'm not you. Yeah. Yeah. That I ain. Shut up. I shut up. I ain't you. I shut up. You do that full-time, dad. Shit. Yeah, I bus shut up bus and go stop you. You man. You ain't saying shit. Right. I'm, I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm joking and joking. Jy. I love you Lex and my baby and everyone listening. I love you. Wow. See, he can't help it bro.