
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Yes, sir. La last looks, You know what I mean? Get your last mic checks in. We are greeting America now, Huh? Hello America. The world. Don't just stop there. That's true. That's the new don't just stop there.


That's the new, that's the new pod intro. Since pods can get Golden Globes now. Ah, Good morning World. There we go. And Universe. I. And Universe. And Universe. I am Joseph. A bud here with Melyssa, Savannah Ford, Ray Daniels. What's good? What's your real name again? Duke. Trevor. Trevor Robinson. Junior. Junior. Trevor Robinson Junior Freeze. Lamont Jackson, Mr. Parks Richardson. And got me. What y'all think? That's Golden. Let Go was Golden Globe Golden Acceptance speech. Somebody in the back just gotta hit us with a, the horns and shit.


Do You think that if we go up there, they're gonna put the music on? Sure. Look for the speech. Yes. Yeah, absolutely. Because all Eight was gotta get our shit off. Well, Now I meant to tell You'all about that. Oh, it's like the, Did y'all see the award? It's like the billboard shit Again. Did y'all, did y'all? Yes. Did y'all See that award ceremony when the Jackson five won and Mike was being cool letting everybody get they shit off. But then he had to kick Tito or Reggie, whoever that was to the side. Like, all right, I, It is enough enough now. Somebody will have to sacrifice a speech. I'll Be quick or some time. I'm gonna be real fast with Mom Pulse. All right. Not the answer we Was looking for, but that's too down.


You gotta have to wait first. All right. Mel. Flip. I feel like flip. Don't have to do a speech. You just gotta run around and yell. Yeah, Take your shirt off. Oh, come on, Come on with no shirt off. See that? That's, that's racist on Golden Face. That's the problem with you guys. You guys don't respect growth. If you think I'm going up there yelling or taking my shirt off, niggas a rebrand. I'm standing in front making a speech and niggas is gonna be happy to hear the speech from me. I'm moving people out the way I'm gonna do it. I'm for Delph and Vanessa. I think you gotta do the ODB shit and run up there and, Nah, I don't do that no more. I don't do that no more. Well, and Nyla's music in front of that stage, yo. Come on. Shout to Nyla man.


Stop playing. Shout to Nila Black. Watch your mouth. Nila Blackman shitted the Golden Globe stage. Big Flint. Y'all thought this sleeper bag was coming in? What y'all think that Golden Globe bag is in for? Y'all think it should take a long time? Mark. It is Mark. It's Mark. Mark, mark Ml. This one too ml? No, I'm gonna, I am gonna keep it short and sweet. What would you say? I think it should just go up there and be like, My Man, I just take my man. Yeah, Man. No, God has a great sense of humor. So be the moment that Ish projects his voice. It is loud. It is. You know What I mean. Shout to ish. Yeah. Shout, shout, shout to our brother ish here with us in spirit.


Man. It is. May so I Y'all know what time It is. Don't if you're a long time listener, don't start That shit if you're a long time Listener. It is. May You already know what time It is. I don't have to say nothing. We Not doing that. It is had nothing to do with main people have emergencies in situations that comes up. Well, And you're not here after the main, Why you highlighting me And Mel's not here today after the main, she's Not supposed to be here on the main and she, she not gonna to be on the main talk to me. I like it. I like it. Now I'm showing up. I thought you were turning over in Relief Bus. You think she, I swear I was just thinking. I'm like, you think she'll call me and text me like, oh, flip good look. Is she not? Yeah, but I said it in person. I know. I want a text. Okay. All right.


I wanna document it. You got a text, You wanna screenshot it and put it on the Internet? Let no, no, no, no, no, no. I don't do that. Not with her. Well, listen, flip and Mel and Ish have prior engagements that supersede the importance of this broadcast. Why you gotta say it like That? And because I'm so happy for them and proud of them. Please fly Robin. Fly in the great words of troop. Spread your wings. Fly away. Okay. Thank you. I accept that. Thanks. You know what I mean? Tyle and all that. Anyway, shout to shout. We Got Ray Daniels in the make some noise for Ray Daniels.


I just wanna shout out Joe for being always solid. Some Virgo shit. I just gotta say that. It's important To say it's my Virgo brother here, man, let's go. Ain't nothing going on. Flip. Everything is cool. No, you just, no, you showed me your sleeve and say I always keep wanting to talk. You whispered that to me. But don't do that. Why did you do that? No, you keep antagonizing me and then when I react, you act like you don't know what's going on. You and Poe when you record behind the scenes. I saw that last behind the scenes shit. I'll talk to you about that later. No, I'll talk to him about it. 'cause some of that shit shouldn't have went out. Like, God damn. I keep telling you, can I have a team meeting in peace? Yo po is, Then they kick my back in. Yeah. Yes. Kicked my back in Reversed. I know, I know. Anyway, but you went like this to me, but why?


I always keep wanting To, but tell, tell the audience why and then I'll move on. Okay. I asked you, I asked you, You said, what's Ray doing here? Yeah, what's Ray doing here? And who's coming? No, first I asked you who's coming like It. Is it just us? You said, now Ray Daniel coming. And I said, oh, you pulling to move for the main joint or you pulling to move? Did you let that sit? It was silent then. I'm just looking around. I turn, I happen to turn to the left. You said I always keep, But what do you think is the move You just trying to show? I know what you're trying To do, but what do You think it is? The Move. I don't wanna, I don't want to Divulge. I just think you pulling the move and I respect it. But you know, 'cause Ray's big dog. We got big dog, big dog. We dog in The building.


I swear I genuinely hit. Joe was like, yo, I'm in town. I would love to shoot. He was like, come through Friday, I stand in my flight. It was just simple as that. Ray, there's this thing out there going on. Where? Anything, hold on. Wait, what's up? Wait, hold up. Hold up, Hold up. Any, there's this thing going on where anything, when it comes to Joe has to be seen through the most evil perception that you could possibly, so, So why did you think that is? But why did you do this? What does This mean? I don know why that is. Okay. What does this mean right here when You do that to your man? This right here? Yeah. Come up with something. This Lets you know this, this means, huh? My sister Turning on me. I I just, I can't wait to see my sister is, I cannot wait to see how quick the wheels turn. Come on. Go, Go, go. This means You time.


That's all doing. No, no. I didn't need time. This this means that I've been gotten in three Car Monte before in 42nd Street. This is how they do it. Okay. One in the top. Yeah. I just wanna say something. I, It is weird because as Joe was talking, he was encouraging y'all to get something. And I swear I was just thinking to myself, y'all lucky y'all don't work for a hater. Y'all lucky y'all working for somebody that don't want, like, you, you could work for somebody that don't want to highlight what you're doing on the side, but he's starting to show somebody what you doing. And so you lucky you don't work for a hater. So it's just how you see it. That's how I see it. Oh shit. Yo, he got reinforcement today. I, we're gonna still make jokes. I'm with ice, you know, my family.


But I'm like, at time when I hear it, I'm like, I gotta be honest. Like, like I'm here and I'm like, yo, that's fire. Like, I'm in y'all house. And I see the boss basically telling his people like, yo, that's good. Go. What you need from me? I'm like, y'all Don't work for, I completely, I completely agree, but we're still gonna make jokes. Okay, cool. Let's go, let's make jump. I just don't want QueenzFlip Thinking anything. I, that's my brother right here. I'm no doubt. I'm a, I've been a fan of his for so long, he don't even understand. So I just wanna know. That's why I'm here. There You go. Do it. That's how Mark got these niggas too. Encourage them first Get the guard down. Right. Disarm them right. Hey, mark laid the blueprint. How? Get theses in a good mood. The lookout history. Great show today. Welcome to our Golden Globe audience Out there just Now tuning In, huh?


To The Voting Members. The voting members only. This is history up Most, most guns, most bitches. I don pull a trigger. I just love hate rap back. K Niggas believe my sit the and shoot the dog in the head.


What's going on? And I'm just New city From Usher in the club in Atlanta. Squad lifestyle. Premix, reminisce.


Hey, in a vehicle right now, you listening to the best in the world. You welcome. Shout to everybody I love. More importantly, shout to the niggas I hate. Y'all fuel me. Y'all gimme the energy. I need to keep shit going out there. Fab. What's good, Brooklyn? What's good? Entrepreneurs? All, all the teachers, all workers about to get school.


We kids up here got a great show on there for y'all today. I promise I do. I let you niggas tell it. Subgroup Aspen, them Russian girls so cold.


Can't tell it. I should get it. Plain ice. Keep the applause going for the best crew in the world. Fuckers. They talking about, I mean, this is a family show. This is a family show. Whoa, whoa, whoa, man. Family trying to hit you. Look at that. Look at that. I'm at work. I'm at work. Are you at work? I love you, but I'm at work. I I gotta, I gotta change the world with the power of my voice. I gotta hit you at another time. I love you.


Hi bro. Make you my man. My man in Shallah. Let's go. Big mail in the building. Got you bitches wiped down. No, Joe Biden just drops out the way real quick. Man. We got a real good time today. A really, really, really good time. I promise. Excuse. Excuse me sir, I'm sorry. I have to wait. Are you a doctor? Mark sign? Who was that? It is Mark Myhill. Pusy. Pusy, flip, and Mel And Ray.


Ray. Ray. Ray, Ray. All right. Microphone Check. One, two, one, two. What episode is this? 826. Welcome to you know, Parks want us to be Pat McAfee so bad. Try to get the Golden Globe bro. S right. You right, You right. Fuck that. Them niggas on Pat McAfee be bugging. They started to, we're going to lockdown time like the unison. They Oh yeah. Nah. Their little unison should be fired. Yeah, they Wow. What episode? 8 26.


Welcome to episode 8 26 of the Joe Button Podcast, brought to you by Fuel. By Power, by PrizePicks PrizePicks gang Salute. Salute.


I'm your humble, grateful gracious. So happy to be here. Host. God is so good. My God. Oh my Lord. My Lord. Oh my. All praise. All praise do. First and foremost, we will discuss a lot of dark news today. I wanna start with a quick sage of the room of prayer for those inside and outside of these podcasts communities. Indeed, everybody out there in the real world struggling with things I wish. Great mental health, physical health, physical strength amongst all of you. Please, please spread that. Amen. Spread that success. Text someone you love. I don't wish success for you all, I think I'm on the record with that. You are.


But for most of y'all, for most of y'all, keep rocking, get shit up for the good. The good, the good folks. Yeah. Yeah. Was exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah. Here with some amazing people to my right. Hey, stop playing with a Melyssa Ford in the building. Hey, the Melyssa Ford. The the, huh? Talk to him. Capital T. Capital H. Capital E. All Man. Every time you try to All, alright girl. She's also on the Pat McAfee vibe a little bit with me. Yeah. I don Dunno what the Fuck that next to her. Like I said, very special guest. My Virgo brother Ray Daniels is in the building. Honored to have you. Thanks for having me Joe. And what's up, flip. Thanks for having me Joe.


I flip QueenzFlip, Queens get the money. Bang bang. Queens in the building. Bang. Big freeze Mr. Taking further himself. He is here. Park is here. PO is here. Corey is here. Ray Daniels whole squad is over there. Like he get a like he get a plus seven. But what up Y'all? It's three. It's three. Both Good. Erickson is there. Ian and Ke I think is here and whoever else is here. I don't know. And they're an intruder. How's everybody feeling? How you doing? How's your spirit? Talk to me. Talk to me. What's popping though? Everything's great. We good man. Feeling good, Feeling Good. It is amazing. It is a blessing. It's been a horrible week to be a black man in entertainment. Talk about it. Yes sir. And I'm not opening with that because I'm on positive vibes.


Yeah It is. It's a lot going on. I'm on Positive vibes, I'm on peace. All that good shit. And It is Rap beef. Yeah. All Favorite shit. And It is Rap B. Love it. Love it. I'm excited. You too. Let's get to it now. Let's see because last time we were recording they did Joe, Joey Badass Ab Soul and Big Sean did the Red Bull freestyle, which I clicked on it real quick and heard Big Sean getting his normal Big Sean shit off. He killed that shit. Yeah. Bad for Big Sean. 'cause I feel like every time one of these things happen, it's over. He gets over. Yeah. Overshadowed by every time. Yeah. He doesn't ask for it. That's how I think the problem.


He's really dope but he just doesn't ask for it. He just dope and And goes away. Yeah, true. Part of It is being dope and saying you ain't say how dope. I was like he don't have that. Yeah, You right. You Right. But he's incredible as a rapper. But between this and control I feel like, like his verse on control was fired and no one ever is gonna talk about that. He always has his moment stolen from him. Yeah. Like right as he's about to just roll out some shit or introduce something or just remind us of why we love Big Sean so much. Here come the biggest moment in Rap of the Year. Right. To follow it. Right. Yeah. But everyone bodied. I like Ab Souls verse Me Too. So now I love Ab Souls when I got to here and the rest of this I'm, I'm gonna play it.


Should I play the whole thing? Maybe not the whole thing but we can. Yeah, But who should I skip? Don't make them call me. No, I want Go text Me. We can just ride the fader pause. Alright. We aint got It is like six minutes long I think or something like That. It is kind of long. Yeah. Yo. But We on music shit today. Even if that isolates smell and flip. It's okay. We'll we'll do our best to contribute. Catch up. Catch up with us. Don't speak, don't Speak for me. Okay. I'll do my best to contribute. I don know what the fuck he Gonna be doing. You more hip hop shit. Shit. Yo. I tried to include you motherfucker, but you know and You are a lot more hip hop than him. Oh shit. Oh you Are Just by default. Just literally Now you are you, You've never been in no video. I Did see a video of you rapping the other day though.


No, That was a T-Mobile commercial. No, no was on T-Mobile. He was on the he was on the show rapping. Yeah. You were in your bag. Yeah. You're doing a lot of this. Oh Y'all clicked on that shit. Yeah I clicked On it. I did. Yeah. They not, they're not mad. Yeah, you talking about when I rap against shorty? I Don't remember who you Yeah. Yeah I just saw you. They not, they not mad. You did good man. Yeah you did. Thank you. Real good. Who wrote that For you? Myself? Mm. What you gotta say? Positivity, Highlighter. Nothing at all man. Yeah, not at all. That's super fire. Thank You very much. You actually find it so we can No, no We good. We talk about this Joey Badass. Yeah, that big. She said you want more? We gonna get into this Joey Badass She said you want We'll do that in the bonus episode. Yeah We on bonus to be determined. Me, you and math. What? What was it?


Potter House. Shout to math man. I'm ready to do that too. Oh shit. Hey we gonna do that on a new Potter house episode. Of course you shoot at the, at your niggas instead of the niggas that's shooting at you. Oh yeah, of course nigga. Put your gun away. I'm here unarmed. Ooh I'm here. Unarmed homie. Get get up. Play Big. Flip that. Good. You gave me the right hand now you gave me the right hand now. Oh my man. Shine down man. Red Bull Spiral. I do wanna shout out the production team on this. Who is it Fox? I don't, I don't know who did the beat. The beat's dope too but I'm talking about like the, the content was fired. I think Lyric did it. Oh our girl Lyric. I'm not positive about that. So Who if she lived in New York would definitely be the producer of this show.


Damn. You see most niggas crack under pressure. But I'm a natural. The thing about living by that gun is you shouldn't have to Talk To peace. I hope you have to. A lot of y'all my seeds. I See that had you. A lot of y'all. That's what six is before. Like when you to plus they gonna try to discredit you when you drop, when you uncomfortable in your comfort zone. Oh my God. I Love it. He bodied that shit. I Love it. Sean went off. He did. And that's how you set a cipher off. And I loved, it's very difficult when you're creating this type of content to like have real like kind of organic chemistry and camaraderie between the MCs.


True. And they did it really, really well. Where they're talking shit back and forth. They're doing like passing the hat back, Playing around And it didn't feel corny or like they did it 600 times and you know what I mean? Like had to stitch it together. It felt real. It felt real. Well that's where my problem lies. Open it up. Pause That. That's right there is, that was amazing. What almost seemed to be choreo if you didn't know no better, right? Yeah. Like it almost seemed like he left this space in a verse for him to pop up and they carried that out throughout the whole time. I wanna know if they knew who they was rapping with ahead of time. I think I'm Sure they did. It's it's certain flips in in the verses that I wouldn't be surprised if they actually did this in the studio and then did it live, wrote It together.


Well I don't wanna talk about hot Sausages big. Why would Sue do that? Why would Ab do that? Because He's an mc. This shit Was some nah. Flu. Why would he do it? Hell no. This is some fun shit. Yo. What? No way. Why He Even Explained it. Y'all doing that shit again. Why? Why? He explains In his verse though. He say in his verse, yo, I I'm I rock with do I got the 47 over here and but I'm still TDE showing tattoo. I think that He freestyled some of that verse. He probably freestyled a lot of that verse. That's how Ab soul gets down. I think he found out on the spot. Man, fuck what y'all talking about. I think he found out on the spot that he was getting dissed. I don't think he knew beforehand that the nigga that been lining us up for the last ever many months.


But Joey Rap after him. Huh? Joey rap after Him. So I don know getting dissed. I don't know his verse And what I saw Ab came after him. No, no. Ab was The middle. Ab was the second verse. So when does he start saying, Joey, you put me in quite a predicament. He's talking about he's responding to Joey dissing the west coast back in January when he did the rulers back. I know, but when was that in, in his verse. In his second verse. It's only, it's it's And you let that nigga dis him at the end. Hell no man Was some playful distance Shit. It's playful and it's like I'm cool with you niggas. There ain't no smoke Here. Hell no. Are you crazy? This is smoke. It's not, It is not real.


We are rapping. That's what they all, that's the point of this is yo, you could just do this without all that extra shit that we just saw last year. You can just do this and, and we can just pin and go back and forth with each other and it's cool and dap each other up at the, at the end and everybody go home. Yes. But I don't think that's as friendly as y'all make it out to be. Yes, I agree with y'all. I don't think that It is on get the guns time. I think the rappers are rapping, which I'm applauding. Yeah, right. We want to encourage that. Absolutely. Yeah. I also think it can get tense in a room or amongst cliques when the rappers are rapping and I'm the perfect person to probably say that. I was just about to say that. Like I don't rap so it's hard for me to see in the inside. He thinks like a rapper also.


So I'm like, I don't even think about it like That. It is that thing where if you know somebody has been dissing you for the better part of six to eight months and now we're at, what would the event be today? Rolling loud or fucking back in the day it was paid dudes or fucking rock the bells. Rock. Rock the bells. You Ain't gonna have so number on your phone. Yeah, well unless you change it. I know these niggas be changing numbers. Yeah. Oh you wanna call get To the bottom of it. We ain't gotta guess. S Good point. They whole point was, yo we we just rapping. That's How it felt to me The entire point. It is almost like they reiterating that throughout the whole shit. Yo we just rapping. But you gotta understand it's it's, it's a okay so it's the same concept.


You could say we just potting but they can be a result from that potting. But if I know, so If, so what I'm saying It is that if they just feel like they rapping and I'm looking at it like you, so then when Joe goes from the rap perspective, I'm like oh, but from the inside you probably looking like I still ain't gonna let this nigga eat me alive today. So I'm gonna rap. I'm gonna rap eat him alive on the verse. That's what he's saying. So that, so there is a sense that we going to eat each other. It might not be we going kill each other. We don't want. Okay, easy. I'm not from, I'm not from New York so I don't do pause. I'm sorry you thanks for catching me though bro. Thanks for catching me. He said how long does the P you did how long does the pause start? Start? No, you're Good. Keep, keep it going. I know I'm from Atlanta, I'm just running the rules, you feel me? But yeah, but that's what I was saying. So when I heard you I'm like damn that is true. Like if you, you want to eat a nigga alive, I don't wanna hurt you nigga but nigga I wanna make sure they know I'm the best when this shit is old with I want y'all when they get on Joe button pod and they start talking about who had the best verse to be talking about me.


Oh Yeah For sure. That's, that's Mc Nigga still competition though. But it still competition. That's, that's real. Do that On a regular posse cut. Exactly whether if there was names said or lines drawn or whatever at all. But I think what Joe is saying, like if you hear that you in the room and now you like hold on, it's like, it's like how we started here. Flip is like what you, what's you up to? I'm like nigga I just saw Joe like I'm in town. But you could be thinking 'cause this is how you, this is what you do. So like I ain't about to get set up on a pod so I feel like it was more of that like I'm just gonna bring my best in case one of you niggas bring they best and then you probably heard something and you like, oh shit. That's what we doing. And I understand y'all, the niggas that's rapping and dissing be around each other like at the Dreamville Fest and all that. What I, I get that. I Think they talked about this Yo. Alright. You know I'm, I'm gonna go. Yeah, we gonna go too.


What's up nigga? Let's Get it. It's like sports. I wanna see you do good And Get your money but nigga when I want a chip it's over when the chip come on. I want the chip though. Exactly. Period. Alright, back to Big Sean. Yeah, let's, yeah Again that quick overshadow Big Sean again. Yeah it happened again. Shot to big Sean. Hey Sean, we don't do respect y'all. I know it's gonna hurt the hearts. Sorry. Sorry. Hey we, we here for something big bro. Big bro. Hold, hold up. Alright.


Alright. Here we go. Let's, let's do it. Thank you big we appreciate you and we love bro. Like that man. Come on. Come on. Hey man fuck it. Lemme remove the cat. My lady told me, somebody told me that my career was in the trash. Something about missing my window with something I wanted to laugh at. Shatter the glass he was referring to because he ain't a clue of what I turned into when I entered the booth neither. But I do know that kryptonite is not an issue. Plus stuck in the lowest lane. Ain't a murderer And I'm rather faster than whoa. Anyway, gang There. This boy is nice. You Stuck in the lowest lane that's And your paper thin like you never bang, you don't pay what you fuck as you even saying even if you was related to Sha, you wouldn't make rank.


Oh my mama made plank. We hip popped out. I got my bed back Today. Which case? Let's go. You put me in a sticky predicament. I had to show solidarity to my, there we go. Got Anybody can get it in such What I saw was clip wrong so So that makes it worse for me. Yeah that makes it worse. Now that makes it worse for me. Why? Because if I'm coming with that as a written already, then I need to go last. True.


I have to go last. Oh okay. I can Feel that I can't do this before the nigga and I ain't heard his verse so I can't give him the window to now come behind me and do exactly what Joey badass did. I I actually agree with you 'cause what he said there sounds like he heard the verse or knew what was coming in the verse and that should have kind of been the cleanup at the end. But I, but I get why they did Joey because like last verse as old school hip hop shit. Last verse show stealer. I was gonna ask how they picked the order Show. Stealer goes Last just paper rock. Okay no show stealer goes last The moment. Yeah. Okay. And the first verse has to be impressive. It has to sit. It was which it was, which it was killed it.


All three verses were highly impressive. The Funny shit is Sean should have went last. Nah, nah can't. Sean Should have went last with the the conversation that is clearly arising. Sean Goes first they did this right? Sean doesn't have enough emotion in his voice to go last in my opinion he's just a really good mc. But like I think that's why control one 'cause Kendrick could do that B it's like Sean doesn't do that. He just kind of rap. So yeah he just does that. I think that, I think because he doesn't give you that extra emotion in his voice in times and verses. It feels like a great first verse. Like he feel like he's throwing the AlleyOOP but it don't feel like he dumped that he's the his rap style. He's The perfect lead off hitter for this. He's gonna get on this girl Eating cherry. He is under the cherry moon. But be clear I see of every song on that.


All the verses don't necessarily matter 'cause Kendrick went second on control. Kendrick is a fucking J. Electronica went third and we don't remember none of them verses but Kendrick, yeah. Yeah. So some if you do your job right, it don't matter where you go. Styles matter in fights on Paper. Jail elect maybe should have went last on there on paper. But then there's real life which nobody talks about but me because he's fly with hole. But anyway, Hip was the sport competitive soul. See that That can't go second With the ocean. You know what I came to do? Lemme get the hat again.


And that who her favorite rapper is? Nah, he he smoked that. That just shouldn't be second. He he smoked shouldn't be second. You throwing an AlleyOOP to a nigga to fucking just But but can we just talk real quick? 'cause you said something the third verse, but in the streaming era it almost feels like the inverse now. Like I don't want to go last. They might not get to my verse. Oh yeah era. It is that part too. It is like it was on the stream. 'cause back in the day you wanted the last verse that meant you ain't no Third verse in the streaming Era. No more Third. So even what you just said when you was like, nobody heard that verse. It's like It is like we tune out after a while but this is, I understand that with all due respect. If there's one place, I never want to hear the words streaming error.


It's an decipher. This Aint, this ain't even streaming. I was Say's So real. This Ain't that. I like your argument but it doesn't apply to this. No it Argument. It was just a thought process in it. Like, I'm like, because when you said the third verse I'm like damn I've been really wanting to tell rappers bring back the third Verse. Okay. I'm telling we say it Time the third verse Can't. I'm telling Yo and in a Cipher I'm Not gonna hold you. You be happy when the niggas before don't really cook. But they both cooked to me. Yeah, they cook though. Yeah, yeah. I'm just saying cipher rules in effect. Oh yeah. Now you, I'm thinking they put the whack niggas behind me because I need to be heard. I'm thinking let these niggas go first. That's gonna my verse sound like Jesus. Oh yeah. Facts. Oh Yeah.


Alright Joey. Yeah let's get to, That's cute nigga. Bk. Yo, when Brooklyn niggas start any verse saying BK is the bad time. You know what, this almost sounds like that flow. The the Yeah. Yeah. That's he just talking right to Ab soul. It is almost like Sean you wasn't even here now. Yeah, BK to Carson. Yeah It is like a two man. Oh yeah. Oh wow. I think Ab soul, he knew he was Coming to compete with He knew he he knew. Knew what he was doing. You right. Yeah. Talk, I think Ab think is a better wordsmith than Joey Badass. I agree. I Joey Badass has more presence than Ab soul.


Agreed. I think that's fair. Yeah, I think that's fair. And this verse he he could, this might be one of his best verses I Ever heard from him. Well shit and the dis I'm About to say nothing. Yeah, yeah. And the dis he Kind, I can't wait. We Chronologically we could chronological The one who absolute Can't let nobody do that with your Name. His word flips. Brooklyn let's Can't let nobody do Name sit in front of him. Absolute. I'm the nigga that Absolutely. Yeah nigga right in front of him too. Nigga me. I've gotta snuff somebody now you, But they simply lack in the heat blast me. I don't need no one to blast me to the game. Call that shit in catastrophe rule back.


They been trying to measure up. Look, my name ain't Rick but I talk slick. Don't press and I ain't taking no words back. I all that. This ain't gotta turn else. First off, I could never hate the west coast. Niggas coming for Joe then let's go. We on control. Still a bunch of sensitive rappers in they pajama. This ain't no east versus west. I just think that I'm the best. As a matter of fact, I ain't know these bars could put bad boys on death. Crazy, crazy bad. Come on man. There's a lot of presence in this verse. Our good brother Dark Lamont Hill just joined us.


Dark Man. Dark man, dark man. You, you, you Mark Lamont hill, pussy, pussy playing play. Yes sir. Over playing. So you can hear it clearly. Yes sir. Yes sir. Who is that? It is Mark my hill pussy pus. My brother Mark is just joined. Clap, clap, clap, clap, clap again. His fave just walked in, right? Yeah. Go Mel. Here go Mel. Now Down with I'm happy to see my man too. Anyway, how you doing Mark and Mel? When did you start turning on Mark like that? What Do you mean? I'm not turning on Mark. You've been been a lot of little teachers pets there been a lot of letting, letting the handle fly since He started running on her.


I did find that hurtful since he started turning on her. Her worse physically landed once the drops happened, it happened the other way around. No, you've been shooting at male guy. No, Mel shot at me first. She did? Yeah. I might Have. It was the drops was you could see in the shit that he said. What you mean you might have It's true Because I'm honest Instead of seeing a woman being accountable. That's amazing. I was about to give you props. I'm like that was accountable. I don't see women do that. Oh you not. You Know women used to be like, it wasn't me. She said I I I was gonna look at my girl. Did you hear that? I'm just saying like Accountable. That was amazing don't You? Right on top. This is like the broke clock being right twice. Okay, Cool. Okay. My bad Mel. I see it. If it's one thing I'll call you out when you do it again. I promise you if you don't do it again. Yeah. If it's one thing Savannah ain't going be, It Is accountable.


She's allergic to accountable. The only thing i's allergic to. I know, I know. She don't keep money in account. Keep under her mattress. Are you gonna Keep talking so I can fucking shoot at him? I know the fuck you are not talking Mr. I don't trigger anybody in here on purpose. Oh, she's showing off again. I'm not Let's go ahead. I like when you get in this back when company hear you shoot at that because he not gonna say too nothing too much. I was shooting Last episode. You Didn't and you're right. I just wanna ask Joe a question That is a line that you can get off once you've built your empire. Mm. Okay Joe, I wanna ask you a question Just so we're clear here. How Long do I have to be here before I'm not company. I don't you He company now I Feel like, I feel like, okay I now. Okay so just him. That's the cousin that don't want me. Okay, cool. I got it. Now I know who he in the house.


Let's go now. And just so you know, he I'm Gonna make you like, I'm gonna make you like me because He's also done that with everyone that's gotten hired since he's been here. Factual. He's done that. But That's in my bag. Okay, cool. I get it. It's like, It's like a hazing thing. Don't take it personally. Yeah. Okay. I got You. If you can survive the cast hating you for the first seven months, if you getting the gig then you made it. Then you made it. Come on. I promise you, you can never get under my skin bro. I love you bro. I love you Too. That's the type of person I be, you can't bother me if we step, We respond with love. I Accept that. I accept that. Let's get back to wait. Back to our hate. Let's go back to hate. Yo, do I have to play the rest of this? No Thank You. I don't Think so. I want get to the shits. I don't want, I don't, I don't wanna do that.


Here we go. Oh boy. Oh my son. Jesus. Wait no no you're out order I'm back. You're out. Order Ray first. You gotta go Ray. Oh Ray went first. Yeah. Yes, Ray responded to that. Oh my What? Oh yeah. Are grave mistakes made all over this place? Yeah Man. Red Bull Got The wrong shit again. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Red on Hold up. I got you guys. He jumped out with that. Yeah, Here we go. Because Joey was on his as. Here we go. Sorry about that. Throw tomatoes at the DJ booth. Yeah, Sorry.


Somebody bumped the table. Let's Go Ray. Okay. Okay. Yeah man this is hard. Yeah. Hey how is you stupid? Are you dumb? Popping about a 20 V. Hey you finishing thunder. We don't give a fuck where you from? Where you from? Okay. What's up? Shut up. Shut. Okay. What's Ups? Shut up. He took me out the Elevator. No, no, no. That's just the hook. He gets Into it. I know but he shouldn't have did that right there. I agree. Nah he shouldn't. I agree because my first listen I'm like this ain't going to do it. Yeah.


See but he made up for his Bars a doer. He made up for I am gonna press play but I've never heard this so this is a, I'm listening in in Got it. Real and critiquing real time in real time. Real. It does sound like he's trying to catch one. Yeah, absolutely. And I don't know how long you, it sound like he's mimicking not like us. Yeah. Trying to catch that. It is sound more like hey now say now. Yeah. Hey now say now I'm just saying that West coast bop dis record over that for hey, hey West coast niggas. How long do y'all want this to run? That's me asking a, a valid question. I y'all can't All I like the West Coast run right now, but I Love it too. They don't need to start doing this though. I want Yeah, that's what I'm saying. This is Too derivative of, this Is diluting of Six months ago, not even six months ago But now.


And I'm sure Ray v about to get his ass. Sure is. It is a tough style to beat though. I talk all that shit. But this is a tough style to beat. Yeah. Like when you have your region behind you this way like and you gotta deal with that. Yeah. You go there, there's a way to beat it. You, you do exactly what he did. You go get your region and you rap the way that you're supposed to rap from over Here. And that's why I was thinking when you said how long is this gonna last? I've been encouraging. I've been, every time I, every time I go out I'm like if you from the west coast rap like That, take This Kendrick moment and create the sound because that's what TI did for Southern Music. Right. I was gonna say fuck, fuck just the west coast. I think regionalism and hip hop is amazing.


Mean too. Bring it back back. Hear it all the time. I agree With that. Exactly. Verse As with that bbl. Cause West Coast get his season now you heavy on the so watch catch him at the staple center. Bet you I park goofy. Don't let power get your TV turned off nigga white just for you to put them raps in. Got you. Sounded like you in a jazz band. Why going after Doty Pacman, CJ like 40 any on drugs. It is Hard. That was hard. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta admit when West Coast niggas get on that beat, they shine man there's something about that beat and when they Home court advantage it Just really wor. Exactly. It's a home court advantage When they do that. Use it. Exactly. He's going off. That was Hard. He He ain't done You going after do they think he packed?


Man Baiting for the honeycomb. Get your own blood attention. Time my closet playing. Boom thugs. I put the whole pro era on a plug. Hey ho as you stupid you popping about 20 v1. Hey ho. As you finishing we don't give a fuck where you from. Where you from? Okay. What's subs? Shut up. Shut S That shit is hard though. It's hard. I See why he put a hook on it. He should have Put it, he should have repeated it And when he did it the first time I was following but he should have went somewhere else but he repeated it twice. Yeah. That felt lazy to me. Like oh you could've, Could You put the trick that in you should just went somewhere else but you stayed. Damn. I think you should have stayed on the trick daddy longer. Really? The the niggas in that studio wouldn't allow him to not put that again.


Fly that. Yeah fly that. That's The hardest hook. Are you crazy The energy in this studio right now? Hold no Niggas was off. He rapping that beat this day. Yo fly that and this cannot go out with just bars. Yeah, Yeah. God damnit That's the hard part. The the hoe part. I don't really know. No I don't like that did it. The trick daddy shit was hard though. Hey what's up? Shut up. Niggas won Smoke. I'm a bank blower. Walk around with nine on me. Feel like I'm in grave four. I could send him to the stars. He get paid for Standing next to Soul ain't gonna save yours. Alright, alright, alright. Alright Rayon. Alright Rayon. Yeah that was, It is going crazy. Congrats on your album because it's fire Standing next to Soul ain't going save yours.


My favorite line in that shit you didn't even get to. He said you wash, you ain't carrying no torch. You let Ice turn into the king of New York. Man. Like he's playing them. Yo. Rayvon just trying to be funny. Ice Spice is not the king of New York but in the, he Trying to be funny. Yeah, exactly. The sex I even, And I said the most famous New York It is. I'm just, And for that two months did it looked like she was about to be Lotto went and rented 50 Suburbans. She and drove right over over there to the Bronx. We never heard another word. It was a rock. Yeah sorry And shout dice Spike but sorry talking About we don't give a fuck about where you was. See the fans only know you. I where on map.


Yo. Don't Flag my b I don shit I was writing for your baby mama for the coast without backup. Drop a little three nigga that stuff. See what happened last time. I beef rapper. How you on TV in your homie using cap Cut, stop acting, stop acting, get gang traction. Yeah that should have been a ho was On the screen. Ra quick to turn the nigga to a rollout. Heard they move the gold post every time we show out. Here's a line convo. It really is a blow out. That didn't respond. Now you trying to call Cole out. Oh my god. Okay. I'm not gonna lie to you. He went to fuck off. He did. There we go. Oh he did. I cannot tell a story.


There we go. He absolutely went the fuck off. And and this beat is beating and It is doing some Arab shit. But The part, the part 24 hours later. Yeah. Real quick, real quick. Rab like, I think it gotta be emphasis on that yo. Yeah dude. Yeah Dog to do. That ain't easy. It ain't like I had this in the talk just sitting here. I I Heard you. I want you. He had it in the talk but I'm I Heard you. No I didn't hear you. I heard you. My man called me. My man called me. I didn't hear hear nothing. My man called me as soon as that shoot was over, my whole camp knew. As soon as that Red Bull camera stopped that you was on bullshit. It gave these niggas time and he's fast. He did this last time.


I appreciate he popped that That yeah he did. Yeah he did I app. I'm just saying I appreciate he went I'm with you, I'm with you for This is ridiculous. Yeah. Off no tweet. And by the way, when the name from the west coast rap on that beat, it becomes like yo, it's I'm telling you they should use that style. I was are they Should? I'm with You. I would stay There. I'm with you If you nice you should do it. Yeah he he he took off. He took off. Hey how you stupid? You dumb popping 21. Hey stupid ass nigga think you t Superstars jealous. He ain't locked in. I didn school Neptune dead energy wing. Once I bull shit was weak. Pardon me? Pardon me? You made a whole EP Copying please popping white black man let him breathe.


Let him breathe now. Fuck that hang up from the popular trees. He had food like he do it for the sport Snoop. Okay bitch ain't carrying no torch. You that ice, ice turn to the king of New York. What the fuck? Get active. Stop acting. Stop out. That's hard bro. Okay. Yeah he got Beat. He buy shit salute. He went crazy both race. He, he absolutely took off. Okay And then, And then 24 Hours later, four hours later THE FINALS. THE FINALS. I like this beef. I ain't gonna lie. It is a fun beef. You know It is. This is a cool, fun, friendly competitive beef to show a skillset with Rapping motherfuckers too.


Yes. Everybody can Rap with because of the beef. Everybody's listening now so now your skills are really being shine. It's like yo, It is crazy. It's good for hip Hop before I played Joey's response, where does everybody here stand on Lil Broin? Your opponent who might be a greater mc, where do you stand on? Hey this nigga never had a song. We don't know him. He is not visible. He got no traction. He got no bitches. His label don't care about him. I made more money for his label than he did. That's what I told Sargon. I ended Sargon Sargon What up? I Absolutely finished Saigon. Saigon is my man but he got finished. He's on my my hit list.


What up though? No but no I pieced it up with all my beef Yo. It is Rap shit. It's just Rap shit. Shit. It is just rap got me. That's All It Is. Right. I mean it may not have been just rap shit at the time but at 45 years old I've pieced up all my rap music. Yeah. And I asked y'all this because I heard a lot of that from what Joey had to say. I'll play it for you guys. But where do y'all stand on that angle? I ain't mad at it. I love that angle. I'm mad at it. Not mad at it at all. He's got 10 years on, on Ray so I think he should lean into that Sound like New York That Yeah that's what we Let's play the region game sound we playing. You gotta play with your home court advantage. Sound New York Bad.


Oh yeah New York ain. What kind of type dog is you? You more shit. Oh Rapper before Drum The you artificial. You known for your label. Not because you artificial gotta talk about, I poke you artificial because when I sit shots at you it be hard to miss you. Ain. Gotta know the magazine just to press this issue back. Even shots they miss out Clash Badass. So I got it. Dismiss you, you now's time. Let's go Boy. The next nigga getting dropped and I'ma be the reason for the season.


Yeah Come on that he's playing, he playing with them niggas now. Yo you gonna be the next drop. I'm gonna be the reason I love that shit. Right. He's playing now. Yeah, let's rap. Go ahead. Let's rap The P nigga me. It's time biggest moment for me. See I don't care how great of a rapper you are. If I get to little bro you for the next three minutes, it's effective. Yeah It is. It is effective. It Is. Especially if some of the shit I'm saying could be looked at as a little factual. Right For sure. Like I ain't just making this shit up.


No it's fair to say that it's factual. Like Ray is just, he just came out right? Yeah he just came out. You can say Joey's been here 10 years, he can say that 10 plus but, But when he's saying sign for five years and I'm your biggest like But look at that but look at it from a sport place. If you started here right and we all started as rappers and now you go off and be a supermodel famous girlfriend, you and Gucci commercials the mc, the hungry nigga on the floor is like oh this nigga is slipping. So it's almost like I'm gonna attack the nigga who I don't think is Game it Pin not sharp no more. Yeah. So and by the way because he know he ain't in game shape, he has to respond. Right. And that's kind of like, that's how it works. Yeah. It's the play. It is. It is a play for both. Both sides. Both women. But by the way this is good for Joey because now he can show nigga don't think It is some of these commercials that I don't do this.


So It is really great for both sides. Why is Joey doing it? We just seen him beat a nigga up at the P Pelly store. Right. We just seen Joey Badass at the motherfucking Ava rec store tightening some screws up you on tv, you in love. Get into it man. Fuck it. That nigga's skin is still beautiful Paul. It is. Sometimes you just gotta remind niggas. Yeah it's a lot of motherfuckers that I don't think are familiar with how well Joey Badass can out. It is, It is hard to remind someone when you're not provoked. 'cause then it like you're being a bully. So it's almost like you needed somebody need somebody to shoot And you shoot Back. Okay, okay, okay let's get down and fight now.


So I Think Joey also, everyone always thought that he could rap well and stuff like that but he was never known as like, oh he's a killer. He's super nice. Ah, ah, this is his chance to show that And be clear. Joey popped this off so he did. Now I'm, it's not like I'm just, I popped it off and I went and hid over here. I'm answering the call. Anybody got something? Oh you got something to say? Cool. I got one for you. Daylight. I heard you. I got something for you too. You gotta remember Joe too. He was like a bad, he was like a child star. Damn there he was young as hell when he came out. He was a teenager. So this is his chance to show yo I'm a fucking grown killer Because I thought he was way older than what he is. When I saw him in the magazine, I'm like how is he this young? Yeah he's been out since he's a kid. Yeah he was, he was a teenager when 1999 drop. And you know what I will say that I like about 2025 and forward.


I like that there's a new crop trying to establish themselves as the killers, the New Bulls like Yeah, exactly. Same here. Like the the like the niggas that we know Yes are grandfathered and great grandfathered and they shouldn't even be spoken about. Yeah. This new crop of niggas who killed and who don't. Who's here for the, just the cosmetics of this and who really is about that action. I like Joey saying yeah I'm here. I'm with it. I like it, I like it. Although I did like hearing Styles P popping shit the other day. That was, that was Love that bro. I I like hearing from og. You said Jim straight. You did. Hey Jim. Jim is my main set Him straight. You heard it Points for made So gentlemen like just like a gentleman though.


That's what I love. Yo we're not the same. You don't think that do you? That was like yo, he did. It is such a nice way you couldn't even be offended by it. It was like oh. Oh that's true. It was said like it had to be true But that's gonna be the old age that that beef is never going to leave the I have more commercial success than you versus IMC and you don't. Yeah that's going, that's gonna outlive all of us. I like it Style. Said that shit straight though. He was like yo dog I forgotten more rhymes. He started talking about you can't fuck with them niggas that just been juicing The right bar. We cannot up With him versus Gym Pullups.


Oh yeah. Healthy. We got a healthy battle. Yeah. Loaded Lux to mediate that shit. Oh alright. Back to your badass. Nobody name a single song you ever released. Even Crash Out wasn't your original beat. Oh man. Every time. So we drop, you see He eats I did More. More for you than the hold the TD. It's too bad nigga. You shoulda been signing to me. Somebody tell Top we about to start. TD funny how they gotta use the pro name for promo. Dick sit in your mouth. Let Dick Licking. I was talking about you niggas with the win thing for the cloud. Crash out over niggas who won't even let you in they house.


I bet you ain't even got his number. It's funny how the dur is being disguised as hunger should sat down. Be humble but no Nigga going crazy Son. And he got two minutes and 19 seconds left. Yeah, We don't gotta play the whole thing. He's not gonna stop. Yeah, he's not gonna stop. This is fun. He went Crazy. This is fun. I Love it. Reason got involved now too. I ain't heard it. Yeah. So we will maybe cover that next, next week. Shot reason Every reason, man. Yo, this ain't a jump. It is a jump. It's A jump. Well, no, It is not a jump. He's addressed. He, he said my name too, if I'm reasoning. Yeah, he Did. Yeah. Daylight. Him hopping this too, Paul. He He can daylight. He was in that cipher. He was shooting that daylight. Daylight. What? I, I don't like what Daylight did. I didn't see what daylight, what He did. He posted a picture of Joey Badass brother on his Instagram. Oh yeah. Rest in peace.


Yeah. That, that's, that's why it's too far. Right. This is rap. Yeah. Like nobody's disrespected nobody. It was strictly rap. And then, and you ain't responded with no bars or nothing. You just put a picture of his brother. Well, He has responded, but not to the Cipher Daily's done a lot of rap. I then Joey Badass in the last six Months. Yo, y'all having too much fun to do shit. That'll get you punched in the face. Yeah. Don't do the serious shit. Y Like let's, was unnecessary. Let's be cool. We want everybody to be able to walk the red carpet at the award show at the same time. And I'm gonna invite all y'all when we get our Golden Globe. That's True. Facts. Shit. When we get our golden, when we get our Golden Globe. Come on y'all. Y'all gotta now come on. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna do y'all like Melyssa, Savannah Ford. Oh my God. Win a CIE award. Fly out to Atlanta to accept or la I'm sorry.


To accept a Gracie Award and not invite her brothers. Yeah, that was Crazy. But there was a ceremony. Yes. Mel won't be here for our Patreon. Mark. She's leaving. Leaving on the first thing smoking because she has to prepare to accept her Gracie Award. Do you Wanna start your speech now? Wow. And then tell like we wouldn't Support Her. I haven't, I haven't written it. I haven't written my speech yet. Are are we gonna be in it? Wow. Wow. Maybe there's a possibility. I, like I said, I thought crossed her line yet. Daisy, you be in it. No, for sure. Daisy's not gonna be in the speech. She's Not, we might not make the speech. I'm gonna do my best to work y'all Into it. We once gonna make the speech.


Why Didn't just tell us so we can support you though. Yeah, Because I just listen, I was given one ticket. I just, We get on tickets, We get own tickets. We, I just didn't think that you guys would make the trek to la. We love LA and spend the la love La in Utah. The several hundred dollars on the ticket Man, I've spent several hundred dollars on bullshit word. It's a fact. True. I spent several hundred dollars on the big TT AI white girl a couple, couple months ago. Nigga. What? Talking about you think I won't give it to you? I mean, I, I want you it to support you. You come on man. I stand corrected. I stand corrected. You had shirts made. Like We could have really? There's cotton bothered hoodies. Come On now. There's still some time. There's still some time.


Nah, I'm over it. Not now. Next, next year. Why did you said they only gave you one. Why you ain't telling yo I'm not coming. If, if I can, the team ain't Coming. Oh yeah. No. That was, that was not gonna happen. And I want to go. I'm Absolutely going. I wanted to go When you was win when you won, like I don't wanna go next year. I'm gonna win next year. Oh, What award is It? It's called the Gracie Awards. Okay. Yeah. Awards Women. And It is their 50th anniversary this year. Oh, this year You Should have Yeah. Some personal stuff. I would've been like y'all. Well I'm definitely gonna win media y'all. I'm definitely, this is the first of many. So y'all Are, so you think you'll be a back to back Gracie Award winner. You think it's gonna be Seasoned and pot bothered? I absolutely do. Okay. Yeah. I've, I've also like put into the universe that I'm gonna have an NAACP award.


Wait, what did you say? Some some shade shit. What did you say, mark? What? I thought I, I was just trying to follow the flow of the conversation. I just woke up. I'm sorry. It was honest question. A sincere question. You said you get the NAACP award too? I that, can we go to that With Faron and see her? I'm manifesting that. Wait, Hold on. Oh, I thought you meant you. No, I'm manifesting. Have you ever met Faron? I have not. Yo, wait, hold on. I'm going crazy. Okay. Okay. Enough. Shout Out to Mr. Farah. Enough. Yes. What I will say is this, I want that same grace extended if I shoot at you because the, the grace that you extend because he's a doctor. 'cause he got a PhD is getting ridiculous that I'm going to stop it.


What you you've been shooting at me. I don half Years. Stop enough. If you're new out there, we always act up in front of company. We do. That's that's when we really in front of family, that's when we Front family. I'm graduated. We can fight Company. It is a family that could walk to the fridge but don't exactly know where everything is. Like your first time predictions on, on how this Joey Badass Ray shit is gonna go for you. It seems like It's gonna keep Going. Yeah. More rapping. Yeah, That's it. Who do y'all have up right now? Joey? Joey Ray. Shit was hard. I can't lie that Ray shit. I don, I'm gonna say Joey, I mean Ray is, because I think he benefits way more from this moment than Joey does.


He's got a great, He's got a great album. Like literally he's like, he really killed that shit. Like I was crazy. He did, he Did. But just in terms of the bars, like right now I got Joey up home Court advantage. We in New York, we supposed to, nah, it's, it's Ain that Ray Vaughn album is incredible. It really is. Yeah It is. I went back to take a listen. I ain't gonna hold you. He might, he might. I like where he stands just off the strength of that word. Like if you got a great product that you could direct people to War, that's, That's a great time to go get in the middle of a beef word. Especially with somebody that's gonna keep it going with You. Right. Yeah. He ain't gonna ignore you or none of that. And then young niggas could join like you said. So like it could be a little nigga. It is opportunity. That's how it was back in the 2000 when everybody was beefing, you would see a nigga, somebody go at ho you see a nigga that wanna show Hoey with him, he's shooting back.


It's like that's the way it works. They didn't play like that for me back in the day. Just to make myself clear because yo, You had a hit They didn't make Nah, that ain't why. That ain't why I jumped on these boys asses out there. Pause. Yeah, I jumped on. It wasn't hit. I didn't leave no room for indirect direct you your camp, your man's, everybody got it. Joe. Joe responded to shit that he thought was about Hit me out though. They wasn't talking about you dog but hit Me out. Hit me out though. But when you a little nigga, you see one of your, It is different Joe. I'm telling you. He hit, he got a hit so now is he dishing us. You up there nigga and you go god damn. So like it becomes more valuable that this becomes more worth it because now it's like this nigga has already got a hit every, by the way, everybody's trying to get a hit.


So he had it so he didn't have to when you still did it. That's what made it more di diabolical I think. I ain't play with you niggas back anyway You had to hit nigga. He's like you got the damn why you fucking with us. But I like the synergy love. I like the Love it Synergy and hip hop. I Love it. Me too. I do. Me too. Shout. Shout to the whole tv. It cool shout man. Keep it Cool. And it sound Like they all want to keep it cool. That's the best part. I agree. They know we talking about it. That's what they get. This is number one hip hop podcast talk, talking about them. They won. That's The whole point of it. Not just hip hop. Shout To the Golden Globes. Oh yeah. Number One. I'm sorry for disrespecting my family. There we go. All good. Or 49 depending on what chart you look at. Yo, I wanna shout to producers though. Both of them beats. Yeah.


Yeah. Yo, you have no idea how frustrating It is when you in the middle of war with somebody and you go to producers for the beat packs and nothing is matching your vibe. Yep. So for them to have beats in the tuck. Love it. Absolutely Love it. Okay Joe, can I ask you a question? Sure, you can. When You, when you I got here late. I know that you have been home. You don't trick me no more buddy. I know you trying to line me up with whatever you saying right now Home. I'm absolutely not. This is an honest question. No, but it's not. The lineup's coming later. Okay. Yeah. This was a basketball question. Did did you start? I came here late.


Did you start the show? Nope. With a whole bit. Nope. No nothing. No nothing. Y y'all let that go. Y'all let that Rob? Yeah we did. So can we at least address the elephant in the room? 'cause we had to sit through like 30 minutes Of shut the fuck up. Everybody mute up all that Shit. Like can you please speak to your punk ass New York Knicks right now. Ray's also Nick fan. Oh my God. I didn't know he was going there. Did everybody who shut the bed should shut the fuck up right now? Everybody whose team had a chance to go to the Eastern finals and didn't do shit should shut the fuck up right now. You right. Everybody who watched Jason Tatum injured and the Boston seller completely hobbled and all they had to do was beat a terrible ass, broke ass team and go to the Eastern finals but didn't do shit.


Just shut the fuck up right now. Okay? That's what should happen right now. Is that right Joe Button? Is that right? Joe button. Joe button. It is Mark My Hill Pussy. Exactly. What's that nigga name that ran point for the Celtics? He don't even start. Bob. Bob Coy. Might as well have been Bob Coy running around y'all bitch asses. Y'all gave 34 to a nigga that had four last game. How the Fuck that happen? Joe button. How the Fuck that happen? Joe button. Well Mike check Mike Nixon. Five. What Happened to Nixon? Five? You said Nixon five. You said Nixon five Up This nigga. We end at six nigga we end it at home nigga.


Uhoh, watch your mouth. How you gonna, how you gonna enter that home nigga? How you gonna into that home when this nigga's going to the game? He's not though. He not, he's not. Oh yeah, the fat Word. Mic Check. One, two, one. Watch your fucking mouth up. You can't, you can't even sit in the button seats. Oh shit. Let's get it. I'm working on Friday. Let's talk, let's talk. We won Anger at home. That's all I know. Oh you. It is going Capitol nigga New York. We won anger on the field 25 years. Niggas been find it tonight. Period.


That nigga told because he a doctor nigga. He's from Phil, nigga S, not Phil. The houses and a guest nigga got, we got great. Got the train in the stream, nigga. How my nigga King earn Mo. I love you nigga. But they still got the train tracks in the street nigga and the horses. We passed that. You dude got the horses out there please. Nigga. New York, Madden, Brooklyn, Staten Island. Talk to this nigga Joe. He can't say shit tonight. The game is plays tonight. The game being played. Mic check. Mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2. About To, Pardon me, pardon me, pardon me. Don't be Yeah, Philadelphia. Seven, six Or me too though. I'm setting the Fuck up.


Don't be distracted by the voices. Voices of of fans of lottery teams. You, you guys should be out scouting high schools and colleges right now. Y'all have the third pick and you ruined all your other picks. Shout to Ace Bailey. Yo, real quick. I'm a Knick fan for a long time, so I'm not going to manipulate the airwaves and jinx my squad. I want to continue to have a healthy respect for our opponent. But we haven't closed out a series in the garden in 25 years.


And with this golden opportunity up three two against the defending champions. Oh, now they Defending champions. They are aren't they? When he was kicking yo, kicking the ass that big. That was the, that was the worst team ever. We be there. Pardon me. Pardon me. Pardon me. Forgive Me sir. I'll mute Up now that we have a chance to close out the defending champions right there on seventh Avenue in front of all of the great Knicks in front of the Dolans, the Kardashians, the Joes, Both Joes, Joes back, Joe and Joe Buddy The Joes. You know what I mean? We won't be able to see the game by the time this comes out.


But I anticipate that we close out right now. Chris Dingus should be getting some steroid shots. So it's something to help him with his breathing. I know he is had trouble. We want him to be, well Tatum is our brother. He had the surgery. We want him to be Well if you Celtic fans are hanging your hat on the Lou CNET game where he had eight blocks and eight points and eight assist or the Derrick White game. 34. Right. 34. Then we'll see. I like our chances. I think the Knicks are the better team. And I do anticipate we close out the defending champions tonight. What happened to all that Nixon five?


Shit that you, oh Nixon six. No, no, no. But the question Sir Nixon is what happened with all that? You talking all that shit. Y'all supposed to go on Boston Bees. How'd y'all shit the bed this bad, Sleepy, sleepy Sleep So much traveling with the playoff schedule being every other day. Right. Sleepy, tired. Some niggas was fighting with they girls, some niggas girls went through their iPad and shit. You know what I mean? Before you gotta go to the iPad, nigga, they had to have a little fight, you know what I mean? Yeah. You never know. Some people just sleepy. But I think we'll be fine. I think we'll be fine A mark. We Sixes fans. You know that though, right? I know, but We got sometimes we got shut the fuck up. I I I took it last game. No, we still Gotta shut the fuck up. You still got together. So if they lose the game, you still ain't gonna talk Shit.


I can't, we We can't talk shit. Lose the game. If they get eliminated, you gonna talk shit To who? We ain't get there. See, that don't mean nothing to me. I'm good. He gonna talk his shit. Yeah. Only 'cause he is. I chalked it the team this year I, I took the L but now you can't talk this crazy about the Knicks and then they, they shit the bed. You don't Say nothing. And the Subway series starts in New York this week and New York should be absolutely on fire this week. Yes, yes. To be honest with you. Oh My God. And the Jersey Transit. Strike the transit. Whoop my ass in the way in here today. Really? Wow. Traffic was horrible. Yeah. Horrible. That's why traffic was so crazy. I was in Brooklyn. I was that. Explain Fuck that driving and shit. Now there's a rumor that you're not going to the game. No.


Didn't I thought you bought game game six tickets. You did. I did. What Happened sir? Giving him to his dad. Can you share, can you share with the crowd or is that, is it private? I mean, right this second, I don jump his as If I say It is one thing you can't say Jump his ass. If he went to that game and they they lose, he not gonna make it out. Yeah. You might be the least popular Knick fan ever. If they lose. Yeah. You gotta stay home. Yeah. Gave the tickets to my dad and his wife. Oh, I like that. That's dope. I mean philanthropy, let, let them experience, experience Rock Lizzies And stuff. Play off Atmosphere and the garden, You know what I mean? Shout to you good man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Smart. Yeah. Yeah man. Somebody here gotta keep in touch with their dad and Someone who's root for the knick. Thank You.


Somebody on this broadcast gotta keep a healthy relationship with their father. Well hold on. So I hit him on JP. We good J If you do I hit him. We good. Go do that. Man. Load low pop free pops free. Pops free. Popeyes free. Free pops is good man. Pops it Straight. Alright. It's time for my favorite part of the show. And Mark, we getting back to Mark's jokes too. I don't want people to think we stepping on the jokes. Yes. Let all the jokes fly. But what's the thing? Oh, time my favorite part of the show. PrizePicks. All


right. PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash money with millions of members. PrizePicks is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all real easy and simple to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a chance to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with PrizePicks. And let's see, picks for the week since is out. I'm going all game seven. Game seven. Denver. OKC is Sunday. Gimme joker for everything. Well, however you want to do it. Whether that's points, whether that's points, rebounds assist, gimme joker and SGA for everything in a battle of MVPs. The league should make it really interesting and announce the MVP right after the game. Woo. Or before the game? Before. Before the before. Light it up. Before the, or before the game. I Would if s right before the game would joke would just go nuts. Take it personal. Take it personal. Right Now who do y'all have winning the mvp? Since I'm, since I'm here. I know you're a big joker guy. SGA, I think S g's going to win it. It is a narrative thing. Yeah. The narrative is SG should win. But joke, he won three years already and this is his best year. This year is better than all three of those years by far. So technically he should have it. But the NBA follows stories. The story matters in him. So it's Does SGA time? It should. It should. By the way, by the way, they need SGA because jokey is a huge star, but he's not marketable like as great as he is. He's not like SGA at least got some sauce to him. So I think the NBA needs him to be the face right now. At least right now. I like the new swag movement movement in the league. Pause. But SGA and like you just looking at niggas with some sauce out there. So I do like that. And some people believe that Shy should have got it. One of them years that Joker got it. Exactly. Yeah. They tripping on that. But I I but I get it, Joey just doing shit that's unprecedented. I just never seen anybody play basketball. I ain't his most unique basketball player I've ever seen in my, I can't believe that he does what he does. Like he Shaq size and just shoots like, it's crazy. There's more for the Evolution of the game Itself and the evolution of an Athlete. You know what I'm saying? For sure. That's, that's some of it's the era. Yeah. Some of it's the era. But I'm think about like RTA Saboni and people back in the day who had these unique skill sets. If they played in this era, they would look very different. You know what I mean? If Giannis played back, you know, It is, It is the, It is age old argument. But I think you're right. I think some of it's just the era. But yeah, watching him play, make and pass, I've just never seen anybody pass the ball other than maybe Saboni a few of the guys from that, from that position. Like he does. I I don't fuck with him really? Because I like my sinner to be a sinner. Mm. And he's And he's a guard. He's a point guard. He's oval For that. Joe. Yeah, he's a point guard. What centers are sinners now? Yeah. Plenty of centers are sinners. I don't know many. Look at the remaining teams in the league. Go bands the only one. The Knicks with Mitchell Robinson go. Every team Robert, every team remaining has a sinner. That's true. The chasers have a center. Cleveland had a center. Even though they outta here, everybody remaining has a center. So there's some talks about that coming back. The big man. I Hope so. Some teams are playing, some teams are playing double bigs. I would love for that to come back man. Yeah. But I watch basketball again if that comes back. Yeah. OKC is playing double bigs True. Two seven footers. Yeah. Come on Don. Although Che Plays a little more. Yeah, but he's but he's a seven footer. He is still, he can still go in the painting block a shot. Yeah, true. You can still And give me, give me, Jay will gimme Jay Williams off off the thunder since he had a horrible game, last game and they're home now. Game seven. Gimme him from what, whatever his points are. That's what I'm rolling with. That's how I'm feeling. That's gonna be a really good game on Sunday. If you download the app right this second PrizePicks and use promo code JBB, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat, if you download PrizePicks, write this second and use promo code JBP. You get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. And it changes my conversations at the end of my PrizePicks contract. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game. All right. Alright with that. Nah, I need that JBP. Yeah.


Yeah, for sure. Spotify. Just Spotify said we was hacking nigga, we ain't got none of that shit. They got that shit up. None, no numbers. Okay. Tossing it to our, tossing it to our girl. Yeah. Hold us down big man. Gracie, Gracie, Gracie show why you got that Gracie Award. Gracie Award winning Man. Okay, so today marks the fifth day of Sean Diddy Combs trial. Cassie is still on the witness stand. This I believe is her third day testifying. Yep. And she's been handed over to from the prosecution to the defense. So they've been really just kind of like hammering home certain points, you know?


Yes. We admit he's an abusive piece of shit. However the charges are. Sorry, what are the charges? The charges are, sorry, racketeering, transportation to engage in prostitution and sex trafficking. So they're trying to say that one doesn't equal the other. The one thing that I want to, you know, kind of highlight is how consistent she has been with her testimony. It's been very, she's been delivering her testimony with very, with a very, just the facts ma'am. Kind of tonality, which I think is really important because obviously the questions that she's being asked, she's being asked to relive trauma and she's being asked to read text messages that seemingly contradict her claims.


And she's still doing it in a very succinct, very matter of fact manner. And I, and First and foremost doing it while aen eight and a half Was Ed. I was about to, I was about to say that. So the prosecution has now brought up a point to the judge and they said this last night, they think they said that the, the defense is purposefully asking redundant questions over and over and over again to try to see if she won't go into labor, which will then, you know, a mistrial will have to be called I, I call 100% cap on that. If there's one team that does not want her to go into labor, it's the defense team. I think the defense feels that she is pivotal, like vital to whatever It is they need to prove the most probably.


I think they've said she's the most important person in the case that we're trying to present. Yeah. I don't think they want her to go into labor. Okay. And, and I think, I think we saw that in the cross-examination yesterday because what she read in the cross-examination, 'cause like you said, they forced her to read the text out loud. Yeah. I think at the very least they wanna rattle her. 'cause if, if you're rattled, you're not gonna do as well in the chair. That's the idea. Right. But some of the stuff she had to read out loud, particularly the one from August, 2009 when, when Puff asked her when she wanted the next sex encounter to be, she replied, I'm always ready to freak off. Okay. And then two days later she sent him an explicit message. She wrote back, he rep he liked it and then she responded, me too.


I just want it to be uncontrollable. And so the defense is going to try to say that that's evidence that, that there was no coercion, that there was no control. That she just is a freak like him and they doing freaky shit and whatever else is going on, there's no charge there with that. And the prosecution's gonna have to prove that despite those texts there was coercion or because of those texts. Yeah. There was coercion. Like she had to write that kind of stuff. Yeah. So that, that's a battle. So I agree. I I think the prosecution, I mean the defense wants Cassie in that chair. That's the easiest. It's gonna be hard because we know Dawn Richard is going to hit the stand next and Andre and Aubrey's, Aubrey O'Day Andrey, They gonna come for blood. Yeah. They know but and they kind of know what they're getting there.


Yeah, exactly. But Cassie's the most vulnerable for this 'cause she's the one who's been there, The Wrongest. Right. And it's harder to, and and she Sets the stage for everything. Absolutely. You know, she's the one that was triggered Everything. She triggered the whole thing. She Did. Yeah, she did. She did. And so, you know, there's a term that keeps coming up right now and it's Stockholm syndrome and I think that it's applicable in this kind of situation. It just, it's dependent on what you believe. And apparently there is a lot of protesting going on at the, at the courthouse right now. It is a madhouse, media protestors on both sides of the aisle. It's complete and total chaos down there. There's people chanting in support of, of Diddy. There's people who are chanting in support of, you know, you know, their, their pursuit of justice, whatever that looks like.


But it, it's just literally like what you believe. Do you believe that she's a victim and that she figured out a long time ago based on his enforcers, his enforcement of the, of the, of the imprisoned life that she was forced to lead. That she just said some things to get along because you know, you wanna make your captor happy, you don't wanna piss them off kind of thing. You know, they, They, they, they named a lot of times where she wasn't captive though. Yeah. I think, I think that, I think that what people need to understand of what captive captivity actually looks like, because captivity is not just physical, especially if you've been abused for a really long amount of time, there is an erosion of your sense of free will.


I agree. I mean, if the kidnap kids, sometimes they get sent to the store, they come back to the kidnap, they don't run, they go back, back home again. Okay. I want to let the audience know from this point forward you might hear a, an opinion that contrasts from you guys'. Absolutely. There should be course should I Discourse, I just wanna let people know. Yeah. So It's difficult to say that what y'all are saying when she eventually ended up not only escaping, but escaping with one of the handlers and paid with puff's credit card. Okay. It is tough to paint you as someone that was trapped when we're gonna throw all these instances where you seemingly were away and you left for good.


So if you were able to leave for good at one point, then what happened at all these other points, entries, points of exit. I Can't speak on what, And again, neither am I I'm not inserting my opinion of this. Like Mel said, this is gonna come down to Well so far because I do think, I do think that the feds are gonna prove their case. Like let me, let me start with not only do I think the feds are gonna prove their case, but I think that the requirement, the standard is so low for what they have to prove. Yeah. They may have already proven it, I wanna say say that, but I don't think Cassie looked the greatest during cross. So this comes down to do you believe that she was being sex trafficked or do you believe that she was in an abusive drug infested Toxic relationship?


I think I, I think Go ahead. I think it, it, It is the sex trafficked part, part of it being because she was his employee, not just his girl. So that I'm controlling your finance. There's the coercion part I'm paying you. We went over the definitions, the three things that have to be hit for it to be sex trafficking. One of them being a, a commercial sex act. There is the hiring of the escorts and transporting them in or to wherever they were. So that is that part. The coercion is if I am in control of basically your money, I got you under contract. You can't do this, you can't do that as far as your music goes and I'm paying you, there is some level of control there, which could lead to the, the coercion point.


So I I think they got 'em already on this sex part. Personally, I can't hear you. No, you saying flip. First and foremost, I wanna say that what didn't work in Cassie's favor is Puff Lawyer, TiVo, I think that's her name. She was extremely gentle with Cassie. Right. Extremely. And they shared laughs and un understanding. I think that may work in the favor of Puff, you know, 'cause the lawyer, 'cause a lot of lawyers, they come in, they try to hand me you down and force you to answer questions. So she was gentle with her and they got on the same accord. But what also, what I think is that when I listen to this or read on it, like Joe said, Cassie has gotten away a couple of times to even get into a couple of different relationships.


Even when she was with Kid Cudi, she still reached out to Puff and was talking about she wants to participate in freak off. So these things right now are, I don't wanna say smoking gun, but contradicts what the feds are saying or the act, you know, some of the accusations. Man, do you Agree? Well, I just wanna make a point to say that there have been times where actual kidnapped victims like Elizabeth Smart, where her captor allows her to like go to the store or be out in public. You know what I'm saying? Like this is somebody who, but she wasn't kidnapped. No, no. I, no, I'm, I'm just, I'm I'm using an extreme example. Okay. To demonstrate, because everybody keeps saying, well, she got away at times. Do you know how the sta what the statistics say about domestic violence victims, how long it takes for them to actually leave for good?


Yes. It's usually about six to seven times. Six to seven different attempts. And they end up going back and there's a whole psychology that, you know, discusses. Why do victims keep on going back to their abusers or their captors? And I don't think that the vast majority of us are in a position to even discuss this because we just don't have that amount of See. But that's where the divide is. And I, and I I IAnd I understand That I'm with you. Slow down because I see you getting your I See that. No, no, no. I'm just see it happening. I see it. I'm gonna slow it down. We talk, we talked before. No. Oh, I'm fine. I promise. Okay. If she's all right, she got it. What what I'm saying is that's where the line is, right?


Like everything you just said is 100% valid. Do you believe that anything that has to do with Cassie's participation falls under the, like you said, Stockholms fucking stockholms. She was stockholms, she was young. Yeah. She was trauma versus the people that believed that she played more of a part and is not just the victim in this. I fall on the side of the former, I fall on the side of the former that she was young because the, I think it was the, the defense asked her, do you feel like at the age of 22 that you were, you know, that you were a, a fully, you know, formed and consenting adult and whatever the case is.


And she apparently kind of looked up and said, no. And I think that it's just the side that I'm on. I just, I believe, See I call KA on that. Okay. And I'm, and and for the, listen, I'm not a legal attorney. So the shit that I'm saying is not, I'm not speaking to what ramifications. So tell me about what things will, What's Ka have in court, what's Ka about that? There's the, the flip side of that that says some of these 22 year olds know exactly what they're, what they're doing and getting themselves into. And they, they sought that out. Shit, I'll go as far as to say that some of these 22 year olds are led there by their parents.


Even like, we saw that in r Kelly Case. So, so this duality here is all I'm saying. I'm not in certain where I stand on nothing. 'cause it's all sensitive. Well, In, in r Kelly, I mean like the, they were children. They were under the age of consent. So, and their parents served them up on fucking platter. That's, that's the biggest difference Between r Kelly. That's, that is the hugest difference. But also, we sat up here a few weeks ago and talked about Drea and Jalen Green, who is what, I don't know, 22 years old or something like that, and said, basically said he is a child. She's the adult in this situation and she should know better. So we're we, we can't Have, well I'm not, we can't have a, well I'm not moving the goalpost, puff can't Have it both ways. Wait, puff is all of the things they say. He is. Yes.


My conversation about Cassie is not to negate what he is. He is a manipulator and abuser and Yeah. That all of those things that we said about Drea are in play here still and more you dating a Yeah. And much more. Yeah. You're dating a younger girl, you know what you're doing. You know what time it's over Here. Yeah. So, and when you are, when you are a man, a puff, stature, fame, power, influence, wealth. And you got a 19-year-old girl who now at this point, you know, she's, she's talking, they, they've graduated to the point of her being 22. I think that during those ages, there was a lot of manipulation and just kind of like, and, and grooming. Right. And I know, you know, I, that happened during those years to where, like I said, you know, some prisons don't look like prisons to other people, but there's a reason why they're called gilded cages.


And Just hold on, hold on. It is that there's the other part of he's doing things and getting away with it. So like, cool, I get away. She fucking with Kid Cudi. Okay, boom, you blow the car up and there's no repercussion at all that could scare the shit outta somebody. Like, you know, what if he, and that's who said and get away with it. What the fuck could he do to me? And, and no. And, and just walk away scot free. There's A reason why it took 30 years to take down fucking Harvey Weinstein 30 years. Because you, you start to See that there is absolutely no consequences to the act to, to the actions that this person is perpetrated and they are illegal and they are they, well, they can kill people. Okay, well, well I want to read to y'all because I just want to present all sides of course.


And y'all cooking Of course, of course. I'm gonna read y'all what Willie D had to say because I mean, I enjoy Willie did Southern man. I absolutely love Willie. It is my brother. Shout to Willie d Willie d says, I know some of you are about to be tight over what I'm about to say, but I'll take my chances. See, Willie D is brave in the niggas already. He jumping out there. But that's why I fuck with him. Yeah, I don't have a dog in the fight. But using Cassie's youth as a blanket excuse for the choices she made during her decade long relationship with Diddy's problematic because it removes the necessary element of accountability without which no one learns or grows.


Diddy and Cassie is a cautionary tale for men who use their money and power to abuse others. On the flip side, it tells young women who will come after Cassie, no matter what you get yourself into and who gets hurt, as long as you are young, you won't be held accountable by her own admission. She stayed not out of fear, but because she didn't want another woman to take her place. Cassie is not some helpless victim. She is a savvy home wrecking opportunist who left Ryan Leslie for Diddy, knowing he was with Kim Porter, simply to upgrade her lifestyle, turning both Kim and Ryan into collateral damage. And let's not forget the kids in court.


She testified that she enjoyed the freak offs, just not as often as Diddy did. She ultimately left him for the trainer. He paid for, tried to blackmail him for 30 million. And when that failed, sued him and walked away with 20 million. Now that she's the prosecution star witness trying to bury him, yes, Diddy was abusive and should have been punished for it. But let's not pretend Cassie didn't cash in after every black eye. I'm not, I don't feel comfortable saying that. I don't feel comfortable reading that last slide of that. Some of that I kind of get the gist of. But I think the main thing that's important is that Cassie is not on trial. Yeah. That's The other thing. And I I think he's wrong about all of that.


I think we have to start from there. Right. Cassie's not on trial. And Also the term homewrecker. I'm just like, why is the onus always put on on the woman There? There's so many things and I love Willie D but I just, I have to disagree with them on a few of those things. One, I don't think holding people accountable for the harm they caused me means that the victims don't have accountability too is just not the point. If I were to, you got that very expensive chain on and if you were to walk through a really terrible neighborhood at 3:00 AM unarmed by yourself with that chain on, you might get robbed. I know not to do it. You Right. And but when you get robbed, yeah, I I would say to you, you made some bad choices, but that doesn't negate the fact that the person who, who you should be able to do that Ab about Mark, you, you actually helping.


I have been quietness, but you actually helping the other side, you don't even see it. I agree with that. You're really helping the other side. 'cause what, what what? I know I shouldn't be out in the hood at three in the morning with my Chainz on, but, but Why? Because there's predators There. But here's the problem though. But here's the problem. Here's the real issue. The real issue is how many No, but don't Don't, don't lose that point though. Right? Okay. No, I'm about to tell you, I'm about answer that the way men see the world and the way women see the world. Right? So the way men see the world, if you are my woman, I'm gonna be like, yo babe, don't wear that because I know how men are. Now you'll say that's not how men's supposed to be. They shouldn't be that way. But men are smart enough to know that that's not the way the world works. Just because you wear the you. Yeah. I should be able to wear my chain everywhere, but I'm smart enough to know where the wolves are. Right. So my thing is, when you lay with wolves, you gotta, you almost gotta know you laying with a wolf.


So, so my Hold On, hold on. But to your point, what if you didn't know that? Right? And and that's part of where the 19th thing comes in. Well, you didn't know what Yeah. And that's part to Not wear your chain there. There's motherfucker, what if you didn't grow up anywhere near the hood? Don't know nothing about being robbed robbery, nothing like that. But you watch TV and saw a chain and got a chain. Yep. And now you wearing it somewhere where somebody with some con with some street since with no, not to wear that there. But you don't know 'cause you not from there and never been there. And when we see em, because You're young, inexperienced in that life. Exactly. And guess what happens? Usually somebody says, yo, you know, where you at put that chain away. You know? Oh, you know what else they say? Let get that chain of That's my point. Exactly. You right. That's right too. No, Those are chance chain. But at the end of the day, the point is you should live in a, we we, the ideal world isn't one where you hide from the predators.


It is one where there aren't predators. And in this case, I just feel like, again, I might, if Cassie or my sister, my mom might be like, yo, that's the bad situation to get into. All true. But at the end of the day, the question is, did did he do harm? But, and, and the second thing, and I want you to jump in, Phil, I just wanna just finish this, start real quick. It's up to you. The second thing though to me is that doesn't necessarily mean that the cri that the legal standard for the crime in this case was met. Right? Because like that's What that that's my only concerns. Go ands What I say. Go, go. Yeah. Which, which I agree. I agree. So, so that's where it comes down to visit to, to trusting Cassie's word or Diddy's. But what I don't want us to do is to believe that because someone came back home because someone didn't run at the first site because someone enjoyed a freak off, that that means necessarily that they weren't being captive.


That's what I'm saying. It doesn't mean they were, But but how But how though, The example that I gave that Mel gave It is that lots of people who are victims of things end up developing a psychological condition where they stay again, children get kidnapped, they get brought to a whole new city. They, they know they have other parents. And if the kidnapper saves 'em long enough, they can send 'em to the store and the kid will come back. That's true. Slaves Will enslave people will literally leave a plantation and then go back. They like, they won't be afraid to leave. Yeah. Doesn't mean slavery wasn't bad. That's true. And so all I'm saying is like the con I'm not saying that we know everything that happened in Cassie and Diddy's house. I'm just saying that I wouldn't assume that because she stayed a long time that that's proof that Diddy didn't do It. Mark, real quick, you just stated that Cassie's not on trial here.


Right? That's what you said. Yeah. But on the flip hand is that the stuff that Diddy's being accused of, he's, the, the, the stuff that he's on trial for does not fit the circumstances right now and what's being said. That's My only Problems. It does Though. That's, that's why them S not on Trial. He's not on trial for being like an abuser, a manipulator advantage. He's on trial for sex trafficking and whatever the other Rocketeer. Here's the problem, Y'all. If I'm looking from puff POV, y'all are saying I sex trafficked my girl Who I'm supposed to take Care of. This is my girlfriend, yo, y'all. And I know that It is easy to paint Puff as the monster. He is done a great job of it himself. It is true.


But nobody is that 100% of the time. Part of his manipulation and bullshit is the charm and all of that. Yeah. That's a thousand percent. All of that that goes along with. So what do you do when Puff's attorney is saying there were times where he was fully functional on the drugs and you kept going to, to be clear, what do, let me finish. I'm sorry. What, what do you do when the, the Puff's attorney is saying, Hey, there were times when Puff was urging you that we can't freak off. You have a role that you have to get ready for. We can't do this. And you were a person that continued and urged this to go on. Like it's not just the picture that y'all are painting. And again, it falls on which side you believe.


Yeah. Do you believe that he was sex trafficking? Cassie. And again, I think that they going to get him with the next few. I just don't think, I just don't think they did a great job with Cassie for Clarity. For, for my sake And for the listener's sake isn't so most of the sex trafficking, not regarding her being sex trafficked. Right. But the prostitutes prostitute and other people that were being brought in and She basically sets the stage because she was there and present for and also instructed to and having sex with and having sex with him and instructed to quote unquote purchase them, you know, purchase their time. Right. You know, All we're talking about is their sexual moments. And this is a RICO trial. If this was a domestic violent trial or a state trial, I wouldn't care. All It is. 'cause I think they, I think they had to set the state, Here's here's why it matters.


Here's what's relevant. And I agree the the, the domestic abuse as such is not on trial. Yes. But It is. But the problem is when you're trying sex trafficking because of those elements of coercion, coercion or fraud or force, yes. You need to establish A record. I establish how you're using force. Yes. And how you're coercion coercing somebody. And that's where saying, well he's beating the shit outta me and if I don't do it, it's gonna beat the shit outta me. Again. When, when people get trafficked in other countries, that's often it's the fear that they take your green card or your doc your documentation. But it's also the free, the fear that they'll cut you or, or shoot you or beat you. So the fear of violence is a for is a form of enforcement, of sex trafficking. And so I think y'all are right in the implicit point y'all are making and I agree with you, which is the pros.


The, the, the prosecution is, is not just using it for that purpose, but they're trying to make the jury just, they, they want the jury to prosecute puff for being a, a monster. Not for the particular crime, but they do have a legitimate And they're doing a great job at that. Yes. Yeah. They're doing a great job at just this guy's a piece of shit Convict him off, off that. That's what It is. Like we shouldn't need anything more. That's true. But it just so happens that his piece of shit happens do are relevant for The conversation Mark. What he's doing. He was supposed to do. Like that's my woman. I'm going put my girl's right there. I'm going to give her money. I'm and we going be, it's like, am I sex trafficking now? Now if She's mad at me, that's way, that's way it reads. They talking in court like they talking in court language, which is why I'm letting it rap. I'm talking on nigga shit. Yeah, Yeah, Exactly.


It is, It is relevant in nigga shit and Parks. Exactly. It is relevant that she was with Ryan Leslie prior to ever meeting due and y'all saying she's not on trial, but she kinda is because her behavior in the past is relevant to what happens with this man's future. How So? I think, I think how so just say more. I'm not following. Say say how So They painted her as a fast little hussy. Got it. I see what you're saying. Yes. Opportunist. They paint her as somebody that maybe didn't have shit, didn't have no way of ever having shit. I see what you're saying. And so a powerful man was attracted to that. Left the nigga she was with Deaded him and went and signed up for all this shit.


Maybe not knowing what she was getting into. I don't wanna sound like I don't think she knew, But, but I don think that Might be the actual shit. Say Don't think so either. But I think might be the, she might've been like, that's a lick. She might've got in there and said, fuck fuck Kim. She might got Shit All at her. Her right. He did. He did a did a he did the fake. He did a lot to fake line. Yeah. Fake event. All All to get her To take her away from him. So it don't necessarily mean that She slid again with Cuddy. She was with Cuddy and slid again. She slid every time he asked her to slide Stop with this Cassie. Icy. I'm not, I can't, I'm, I Can't Me neither. I don't think she's all the way innocent in it. I also think she's a victim and he's going away and horrible things were done. But I don't, I I think they both What's on?


So lemme ask, so lemme ask you the question. If, if he's the one on trial and you believe that she's the victim and he's going away, why are we worried about how we painting her? Because I know because the niggas that was outside for a while don't look at that as artists to CEO. That's why because Cassie put her song out and nobody and nope. That had two sits in the music business. Thought Cassie's coming out with more music. She's the fire. She thought Me up. Nobody. And we've seen mad times Carissa just fucking did it. Yep. What are we talking about? I know we in court so cool. Yeah, but don't act like we don't know. The bitches that see the CEO think I could get with him and I'm never doing music again.


So Wait, they make that trade all the time. I'm not talking about that All the time, Joe. No, no, no. I understand. So question because from what I remember, from what I remember, if, I mean we can actually look it up. I feel like her, it's not like her debut album was a dud. You know what I'm saying? So in the way that you're saying that nobody had any expectations that she was going to have another album. I don't think that that's necessarily true. That girl was From Inside Melyssa Melyssa Business. Other people may have, if You in the music business, you gotta understand her coming in. We all knew she was a Ryan Leslie creation, good debut. Ryan Leslie's girlfriend that he created, he produced everything and then she left Ryan Leslie being his creation. It becomes puff creation. 'cause whatever It is, it might have been bigger.


Okay. But the part that bothers me is that we don't see, we don't acknowledge what really happens. What happens is, is that Puff brings like, because we hate Puff so much, right. We hate him. Right. I get that. But this was an employee of his, a trainer that he hired to train him and her that takes her away. She writes a book basically saying Gimme 20 million for this, 30 million for this and this nobody and the, and the personal trainer, white guy just walking around like he's harmless. Like it's cra like dog Puff's not a great person. I could get that. But that don't mean he deserves everything worse than he's the only bad, this is not a Tyler Perry movie where he's only one bad guy. It is bad people in every scenario. And He's the one that Feds went and got and It is on trial and He's who they want. But my point is he's And she's the author that got immunity.


See, we don't never pay no mind to the person that got immunity. Why does she need immunity? Okay. But Like we was both doing it Ca I I I hold On. I can see a legitimate Sorry I before you. Well me too. Finish. I'm, I can too. When you, when you, when you finish, I Just, I was gonna say everybody see is you're talking about everybody having this perception that that album was a one and done and he was never gonna do anything else. I that's No, you was there too. Hold on. You was outside too. Hold on one sec. Hold On. You've seen that girl be paraded everywhere and introduced Yes. Yes. And introduced Yes as Puff Girl. And if you play with her, he'll hurt You Understood. That Was out there from oh two or whenever the fuck they met to whenever. And I was in the studio and I was there. He should the saying that shit that was kiss her, He rated that Girl's Girl, he did the thing that he does.


I was going to say that just because it was other people's perception that that was a one and done. I don't necessarily think that that was her perception. Yeah. I think think that she was sitting there with Hope, hope again, hope against she she that Music again. Yeah. She really, she doesn't, she make, and And and also she talks about work. That's the Naivete. No, but Also she No, no, no, no. Wait, I want No, hold on. Lemme just Mark. I was working on her project. It wasn't Wait, let's get this one roll with Mark was either that's the naivete or that's the cunning savviness of somebody saying, Hey, you know what would be a really good way to get my shit rocking, to suck his dick. No, No, I hear you. I'm saying what, all I'm saying is you And I don't think that, I don't think she was too young to have that thought. That's not, I I'm not, that's not what I was saying. I was saying that going in, that might've been her motivation.


I said I, I accept That might've been her total motivation for getting into that relationship. I was just, we, I we were responding. Me and I were responding to the idea of everybody knew no more music was coming once they got together and we were saying no, she probably thought something else was coming. And, and, and that's part of why she stayed and to, and to, whether that's for good reason The bad. Well I think that's what that, well that's where I ride with y'all. Same thing. Make you laugh, make you cry. And to, that's what's gonna get Hold man. Sorry, there's just, there's just one. So there's just one thing that I want to say and in regards to this is the fact that during her testimony, she uses a term called work busy. And when, what she means when she uses that term is that he kept the facade going by having her work with producers and go and write music and whatever else he knew.


He was never gonna fucking put out any more music. And everybody else got the memo. She literally did not get the memo because she was, that's why she called it work busy. Right. And in hindsight, she realized, oh, he was just keeping the helping, helping to keep the lie going in order to like, you know, persuade me into believing. I mean, that's that I wanted to producers, by the way, I was in the studio working on her project with Puff in the Room, our guys, and I can tell you from being in the music business, you can tell when it ain't coming out. They had no direction, no nothing. It was just like, yo, like yo, just give us a fly. It was like no direction. Puff will come and go. It was, you knew it. If you are on the inside of the music business, you know when your shit ain't coming out. If you bring writers in town for a week and we don't come away with not one complete song.


Yeah, exactly. Eventually you started knowing, and that's what I'm saying, but just How long did You string somebody off like That? She do. Why, why would, if she knew her music wasn't coming out, why would she continue to play? Because She got the lifestyle without the Music. Whatcha you talking about? I'm asking her Know Mark. He put her up in a penthouse. She was living like a superstar. And then guess what? He probably would've Been still taking care. But when they broke up, but she left with the trainer's. The music question. I understand, I understand argument you're making about the other thing I was just saying why, you know, if she knows that Her music's not coming out, why bother, Why waste your time still? Right? Because I'm still writing because Everything that comes from this platinum music I got already. So shit, I'm just, I fake Working. Puff don't want her to make music. So I was just curious to know why she would even play off the stage If you asking me, if you asking me. I think that there was a lot of stoppages between this timeline that they trying to reconfigure as her being this artist that was chasing a career.


She was not, no. Okay. A question from Mel and Mark. If, and this is what I asked last time, if, how was she able to leave with the trainer if he was so controlling and Stockholm syndrome and, and all that, right? Like if, if he was controlling like that, like I said, or like they saying and he, she was being watched and she couldn't move. How was she able to leave with the trainer that he hired for her? That's, listen, me and my girlfriends were talking about this in the car last night. I, I have a theory that is that I, that is the shit I would fucking love to know. Oh Yeah. And that's where I can't fuck with them. So that's where I can't Fuck. No, No, just wait, hold on one second here. I just said less like about five minutes ago how many times it takes victims of domestic violence to leave their partners and how many times they, they keep going back.


But for a lot of women, sometimes there is the final time also I wanna make mention that Yes ma'am. That within the first few weeks Yes ma'am. Of a, of a woman trying to leave a domestic violence incident, that is when she has the highest statistical rate of being unli by her, by her mate. So there's real, there is real fear. Can I say that? Nobody can I, can I just say something to you and Mel and I'm on y'all's side. Of course I am on they side. I hired them so I could be on they side. She not on their side. No. For real S Right. All how she left with the trainer, Joe. Huh? I Well If the nigga was all that, come on, listen, because what, Wait, let me say this.


She Left plenty times. That's what I'm saying, mark. So Let say that. Wait me say that in response to Mel. Mel on the flip side of what you're saying, this is gonna sound horrible, so don't say it, but I am gonna say it. 'cause women are not a monolith. Men we're not, Go ahead. There are some women that really Like The controlling guy. I'm telling you there Are some women that are attracted to the Toxic ain't shit. I'm in the house controlling, demanding, jealous. I'll fuck your ex up. Oh, For sure. So I will not deny that for a, I know some of that single second. Yeah, I know. Yes, absolutely. Got It. Absolutely. I don't know Cassie enough. That's didn didn't put that I on her jacket, but that is, I there's a flip side to that.


That's Un that's real. And that's usually you born outta some kind of trauma or some kind of experience where somebody did that. No one just wakes up. Like, I wanna be controlled. But Mark, it's my only issue with this. Well, but Just lemme ask a first question first then I want Thank you. So I think there's a couple things. I think one, to Mel's point, at some point you do get enough and there's that, but your question is, if puff so dangerous and violent, why did it happen? Some of It is timing. Some of It is when somebody's really in a bad space, drug wise, relationship wise, or he's out fucking somebody else for the next three weeks, that's the time to exit. Sometimes you stop caring about the fear because after the sixth or the eighth time, you're like, you know what? Fuck it. If I look at Tina Turner, Ike didn't stop being violent to her when she left. She just said, fuck it, I don't care anymore. You know what I mean? I'd, if I have to die to leave this situation, then I'll die to leave this situation.


And then some of It is sometimes you need some courage and sometimes it's when you meet the next guy that you get the courage to leave. Now that doesn't mean that the next guy is a good guy. That that's, that's me. I'm with you. Okay. Thank you. I have no, I I don't know. Because that's whack though. That is whack. Yeah. I don't want to praise him, but I don't wanna, I don't know anything about him. I wouldn't know him if he walked in this room. Right. But what I know is sometimes you need somebody in your ear saying you can do this even if it's for their own purpose. That's true. Even if it's for their, but you need somebody to do this. So that's a lot of the reasons why. But the last thing I would do is, is advance the idea that well puff wasn't that bad if he only because we've seen how bad he can be. Yeah. But he was that bad. He was Bad. And that was his Girl.


And also, and I also think that Alex Fine was so removed from he was an outsider. Yes. He was hired by Puff get that, but he was basically an outsider to that massive circle. So anybody saying, well I tried to pull her away, et cetera, et cetera. She, she could literally have been living with the belief, you are too close to the situation. He will send the enforcers, he'll come fucking get me. I'll get another fucking beating. Fuck that can't go. But he But the controlling monster guy just so happened to not do any of those things when you left with the help that he paid for. I didn. He, he didn't, on the flip side, We had didn beat nobody up. He didn't shoot nobody. He didn't go. Not this time. I Don't know how hot it was at that time.


Exactly. Well, what we talking about, I'm, I'm talking about this time, but I'm saying she left with other people than other and shit happened. But let's be clear, we Oh, When you said, What's his name? Harvey Weinstein. You said Harvey Weinstein, we try to compare puff to the powerful rich men. It is one of It is the Powerful Rich man. I wasn't finished. I'm sorry. He is a powerful rich man. But it's one other fact that he's also famous. And when you're famous, women flock to you. Puff aint, Harvey wants everywhere he going I women. Yeah. Trying. So what I'm saying is that when they try to paint him, like he, It is like he was also a celebrity that women wanted. So she didn't want give up that spot either. Either Men wanted, clearly, She, and by the way, she even Mark, she even said it, I didn't want to lose my spot. And That's probably True too. Then, then she played a role slightly anything.


Well, if you acknowledge that, then you acknowledge that this is more than just, that's what I'm saying, Stockholm's trauma and she was young, But that is kind of part of Stockholm trauma. It is. Oh, tell me. Yeah, because because part of it, you start to associate with your, your captor, you start to associate with your oppressor. And so I don't want to, I want him to like me. I don't wanna lose this part. It is exactly consistent with Stockholm Up in black van. Y'all picked in the black van and threw the car. He's not a Captive. You do me there. I'm using, I'm using captive in the context of Stockholm. That's, that's what it comes from. Okay, I got you. So in this case, it's not a literal captor, but most domestic violence situations are literally, those people are literally locked in.


It's other factors. And again, that doesn't mean that ca that there wasn't a personal issue. So You're weaponizing all the things that you was attracted to. That's what's really happening. That's What, that's what's happening. I'm just gonna read for anybody who Has a question maybe. Well, and he's a piece of shit. Yeah. So everything is right when it comes to Puff. 'cause he is a piece of shit. Don't confuse what we saying with, he's not a piece of shit. But she ain't just little miss red rot hood that oh my God. S not trial. We have to get outta the mold because that's the same shit. Police say. Well he was no, he was no angel. I don't have to be an angel and not get shot. Right. We we, we tend to, you Are. If you gonna, if you lying on our whole history, that's the only reason we keep talking about her because she keeps saying, yo, this was that.


And he's saying no the fuck it was not. That's the only reason we keep Talking about it. That's the we gotta do, Gotta talk about it. Yo, but but, but I I'm just saying on this massive platform, as you like to say that we we're not suggesting that person has to be a perfect or an angel or have great character. I'm not suggesting that I, I I'm not saying I'm saying I just wanna reinforce that I agree with you because I don't, she could, she could be, let's let's assume Cassie's the worst person ever. She still doesn't deserve things that Puff is accused of doing to her. And Yes. And that we've witnessed, What we're up here debating is whether or not Puff actually did. But it's a very important part. They say that she did stuff to him. He just an accuser of it. So she, so she went out first. It's like basically like who called who first? Like we, but Joe says the police first. Now I'm the bad person. That's really what It is. 'cause when you look in it, she's like, I can't wait for the freak up.


I wanna be uncontrollable. A man as a man, a man that triggers me because women tell you that type of shit all daylu me out, do this, do this. And then all of a sudden I do it and then all of a sudden she like, you use me. Hold a fuck. Like as a man you become confused. I Think we're getting confused again in what the trial is. That's the point. It's the state and the feds versus Puff. It is not Cassie versus Puff. It is not the state versus Cassie. But it's versus Puff triggered off what he supposedly did to Cassie. Yeah. You right. Here's my issue, Paul. I feel like one of, because we, because we watch the person that the person that has immunity and liked freak offs just as much or more than me, I should be allowed to say, hey, she was in there asking for the, asking to get pissed on. She was in there asking if we could fly jewels in.


This was not just a master manipulation my puff. I should be able to say that shit Joe, how I'm posting up. But if you asked me for it, how, Wait, Wait, wait, wait. Ray, it's funny you say that. 'cause in court that's what it's coming down to. Now I do think that more people are coming, but right this second puff defense is saying, how am I supposed to know that you ever had a problem with any of the, the free calls when this has been your verbiage to me. That's what they discussing right now. So I'm gonna, I'm lemme just read this about people experiencing Stockholm syndrome, a psychological phenomenon where hostages develop po positive feelings toward their captors. Often exhibiting behaviors like refusing to cooperate with authorities, defending the abuser and minimizing the abuse. They also, they may also feel attached to or even sympathetic towards the captor and struggle to detach and heal from the trauma.


Can I, Can I ask, can ask, can I ask one can ask something from that? Can I make one analogy? Everything she did falls under trauma stock. Can I make a quick analogy? Go ahead. You're dating some of that that loves cocaine. Yes. You buy them cocaine. Thought That Was great so far. Buying cocaine is illegal. Yes. There we go. Here we are. No, that's not true. Why? Let's stay right here. Let's do it. You like cocaine? I like cocaine together. We in the trenches getting cocaine. We the coke couple. We are the cocaine couple. Let's go. Once we get caught. You flip Call right then. No, no, no, no. You got it. Yo, Joe, Joe, Joe. You miss joke. No, no, you miss it Joe. Once you got tired of it.


'cause you want to go to another place. You find love, good for you find a husband, but you realize that that shit cost. So if you can't be a victim, that's what Michelle, I mean I'm sorry. You just can't be a victim of it. If you wrote a book, Hey man, gimme some money for this. I'm put it out. At that point, you not a victim. You basically saying, nigga, you know I need some money. And he buy, he like, you know, you picked who you picked. She's a victim and she's, and she's, But I'm saying, but when she became the victim after he said, I'm not being you 30 million for the book. Okay, now I'm gonna sue you. So Is that not true? I think that It is My response to Parks is you can't repaint history as if you wasn't down and then make it seem like I was forcing you to do Coke. And that's my issue with the Coke. But but in your Example is really, I like Coke and I introduced you to Coke.


Yes. That's where it's a little different. He introduced her to this shit. She says that he taught her this. He Like, I not like she was doing that prior to him. Right. True. But you was doing it after him, Joe. And he at some point tried to get you off and get you in a drug rehab. Yeah. Y'all can't keep playing both sides of the fence with him. And I'm not playing What That becomes a question of the facts. 'cause she, her I get what you're saying. He's saying you was down for the free because you wanted some time. What? I didn't, I hear that she's saying that's not what happened. And so we also at some point have to decide whose version we believe or look at the evidence to see. I think this is the Tory trial all over again. I don't think any of that matters to the charges that are being presented. Yeah. He is charged with bringing prostitutes over sex trafficking using multiple businesses and such to do so, which is racketeering.


I think they got 'em. Yeah. I keep I keep saying it's the same exact You think they got 'em? Okay. Not the Same exact. It's a similar scenario. We're all arguing. Did He shoot, did He did not trial? Which We will get to at some point. The yes. I just Feel like when somebody has get gotten away with so many things over the years, people try to find something to Take him down. Like we, the OJ thing, we would get him Something. Yeah. Like I don something. I don't wanna use the word pin on him, but that's what, that's what they do, right? Oh, he got, look what we're saying. He got away with so many years and all that shit. So does that mean what he's on trial right now fits? I don't think you're wrong flip. I think you know what I mean? And I, I, that's the only problem with the OJ situation. I think it's big part of it. OJ situation. He got away with that shit and they just pinned that. He tried to for his, it just shit.


But OJ probably did it too. See that's no, I get, I get what you're Saying Ma and that's the tr part, but Yeah, but he wasn't you. No, no, no. I'm not talking about OJ PR did the shit he was actually convicted of. But the feds aren't usually convicting people for that shit. He went And then stole his memorabilia back. He did. He he, that's what he went to Jail for. Yeah. And that's, I'm, he probably did it. But the, they they don't usually lock you up for that. Similarly, half the music industry does what Puff does. They're just not So, so today, on today Not half mark, 95%. No doubt. Got You. So today on the stand during the cross, they got, they got Cassie saying they have, they're playing audio of Cassie threatening someone who threatened to leak. She shot, I'm gonna kill you. Yeah. Somebody who threatened to leak footage from the, the freak offs.


She said, I'm, I'm that she threatened to kill them. Oh wow. But Martin, not that she's threatened to kill him, Joe, she said No, I will have you killed. I will have you. No one will know that. I like, it was like she went into it. Yeah. There'll be no blood on my hands. I've never done this before, but I can, It's almost like it's connect to someone who's capable of those kinds of things. That's what I'm hearing. Yeah. And she was, I don't think makes, I think that makes Puff look bad. Not Her. Okay. So let, so let wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. Time out. Mark. I think it makes them both Look bad. Wait, I I'm sorry that I'm not saying it doesn't make her look bad, bad what I'm saying because she's not on trial. I'm saying I don't think that helps Puffs defense. I I wanna, I think it hurts. I wanna make a, I wanna make a point to how Joe just, I disagree with that. Joe just told you guys this the way the wording that he used.


I'm going to reframe that with how it's written here just to show it's all about which you believe. It's all about your perception based on the words that you hear and how you hear the words Get in your back. Jurors heard a recording of a distressed Cassie screaming at a friend who said that he had been, that he had seen a video of her performing sex acts. So it's not even including this friend in the video. He just says he has it in the recording made by Cassie who recorded herself in two, 2013. The man claimed to have the video on his phone. Cassie has heard pleading to see the video and then threatening to kill him if it became public. I've never killed anyone in my life, but I will kill you is what she said.


She didn't say anything about, I'll have somebody else do it. Lisa doesn't say that here. Cassie told the man punctuating her threats with profanity. Well, in another transcript it doesn't say that. Yeah, I saw the transcript. We, we need to fact check That. Fair Enough. Okay. Yeah, because you're not reading from a transcript. No. It's you reading a report. It's a, a report from a B, C. Exactly. She acknowledged in her testimony that co that Combs subsequently made efforts to keep the videos private or the video, this particular video Private, but it mean words matter in terms of how we tell the story. You know, so Ver Joe's version versus how I just read that you'll hear it two different ways. You'll, you'll hear a woman who is terrified of the world seeing her in that position, knowing that she had no real control as to whether or not it was even filmed.


And that we will take her fa in her own hands and kill the person that put her in that position. I mean, but how many, but how many times have I, have you been angry with somebody and you just say, oh, I'm gonna fucking kill you or something like that. That's Different than I'm gonna have you killed. Here's how I'm gonna do it. So that's very different. If it gets meticulous, it gets, but for me, but for me as a juror, what I would hear in that is Cassie's fucked up, but she was gonna leverage the power that she had by being with Puff, which tells me that Puff has the power to control outcomes. It just reinforces the Cudi blowing up the car. Shit. It just, it just reinforces that he is somebody who you need to be afraid of and she Was, and you need to listen to. And it also reinforces that she was very attracted to that. And she used it when she needed it. No doubt. But again, and if she were on trial, I think you might be able to get her on a RICO trial. Maybe. I don't know.


Well, she wouldn't be on trial 'cause she had Immunity. She ain't gonna be on one. Right. But in a RICO trial, if she didn't have immunity, what Willie did is saying that she should be co-defendant for, I think It's a racketeering trial too, by the way. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Which is sometimes part of a rico, I think. And they're not the same thing. I have no idea. Yeah, I'm Gonna Rico, I just, I think it's No Rico, Rico is racketeering. Yeah, racket. No, I, Rico is the part of racketeering, the R in. But isn't that the R in Rico? Yes. Yes. But the R In Rico, I get what You're saying, but Rico is racketeering can be part of Rico, but Rico's not necessarily a racketeering charge, I think is that's what the difference Oh yeah, you're Right. That's true. Okay. Alright. Again, this is kind of the, the discourse that's happened similar to the trial over on the West coast is it's discourse that's going to get in things.


But the, the real issue is, is that you have people that are emotional. And when you are emotional and you, the mob hates you. Like right now, the mob hates puff. Right? For sure. And anytime someone says something that helps 'em, it's like the mob is mad at them for speaking up for 'em. But that's not what this is. This is a trial. Right. That's what the point of this is. So just because the mob hates you doesn't mean that everyone should say it's like, that's my only thing. It's like they was together, they did it together. It's times where she wanted it. It's times where he wanted it. But because he's the person that everybody like killed that monster. And the defense introduced where he left, he left you, he was with Ken Porter. He was with Gina. He ran off and you were jealous that somebody else was taking your spot.


How y'all hear that? And, and I wanna be clear, I don't think that she's an angel or anything. Yeah. But again, she's not on trial. So it's not, And also I think it, it's Irrelevance to Me a little bit. It's, it's the toxicity associated with a super thing. It's not irrelevant if you're saying I held you captive and kidnapped and you couldn't leave and y'all forced you to do that. That's why the Stockholm Exactly. And that's why Don't Stockholm. So she, It is, while her admitting now on trial on the stand, is Stockholm still In effect? And did Stockholm leave when she left with the handler and paid with Puff's credit card? She, She's been Gone for years. This is what Im saying. What I'm saying. I'm saying something slightly different. I understand your question. I'm saying something slightly different. Okay. I'm not saying that Stockholm explains all of her actions.


What I'm saying, that's what it sounds like. I'm, and that's what I wanna be clear. What I'm saying is that Stockholm is an answer to the question of why she does it. In other words, her actions don't prove puff's innocence. And, and the, and Stockholm syndrome is an example of why they don't, but it also doesn't prove his guilt. Right? So in other words, her not leaving doesn't prove that he's guilty. I'm no. Or he's Innocent. Right? I'm 100%. Which Is, and that's where Stockholm comes in as an explanation, a a potential explanation For why. It's just every time we use the word Stockholm, we never go right to proving that it was Stockholm versus a cunning savvy little fast heer. And I think the reason is because when people, when people, because We, we don't never do that.


Because When people never figure Out what's real, Here's why. Because when people look at her behavior, they act like that's the big joke. You don't get distracted. But in, in spades there's this big Joke, very funny Mark. Big joker. Right? Very funny. Mark. So what what what happens is, what happens is people say, well it couldn't have happened because she did this. And all I'm saying is that I'm saying I know, but I'm just saying just because she did this doesn't prove that Puffs wasn't guilty of this crime. Oh no. That's all I'm saying. Oh, I'm Not talking about his guilt or not. I'm just saying they was in it together. To me it feels like, like you was mad at me. We argued but we forgot we were famous. And now the shit, now we at trial looking at each other like, fuck, look how big this shit got. And it really was nothing to us. I really don't think she wants him to be like, go To jail In her own words. She's admitting to a certain thing and take accountability herself.


But also, so Stockholm doesn't I affect now. Okay, wait, lemme just ask you guys a question. How much of a role do you think physical violence plays in somebody feeling like, yes, I have no Chainz on me, but I can't go far? Huge. How a huge, huge, okay, now hold on one second here. If we're gonna sit here and think and act like that videotape that happened in the fucking hotel was an isolated incident. We're We're full. I don't think He might do. Okay. So if, if we're going to look at that as an example of how free he felt to do this in a public setting with cameras and knowing he was gonna be able to buy off this fucking hotel and this footage was never gonna see the fucking light of day.


Then he's walking around with this idea that he is a Teflon motherfucking dawn. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Now that can be true. That's not, that's not the only truth. I I not say it's true. Say That that is true. I don't wanna present this 'cause it feel like I'm speaking for him. You're, and and I don't wanna, no, it's, I Don't wanna do that. No. It's, however, The guy that's brazen enough to do that on the hotel, cameras in public, like Mel just said a lot of times, thinks about the person he's doing it to and has that relationship to where he feel like he don't feel like he could beat that just because he's so big and bad.


He also feels like he could beat it because of who he's doing it to. And she's held him down before and they together have worked together to suppress all of it. You know, he ain't just moving on his own accord. He moving like that because this is my girlfriend, which literally supports The stock Holmes saying he's, He's moving like that, that that's, we move. Yes, that's what I'm Saying. That's how we move. That's what I'm saying. You might not wanna say it That way. Exactly. So getting kicked In the, that's how they move. That's how they, they would beat each other up. Everyone said it. Okay. We just don't like him. And I get it. I'm saying people back through the ear maybe doesn't sound the greatest. Gotcha. It was two people coming back to each Other. But wait, it wasn't the greatest.


Like, and I think that's the hard time people have and none of this shit is gonna sound pretty. That's why the lawyers are saying, yo, he is a piece of shit. We not here to argue that. None of it sounds pretty, but She liked It is what they basically saying. She likes some of it. And how would he know that she didn't to keep a hostage? She does not. She doesn't enjoy getting Kicked in a head. Come Mel, Mel, I wanna say one thing Mel. I wanna say one thing. Go ahead. Do you know women find it attractive when a man comes and gets her like, like me, me and my man was arguing. I went out and he showed up to club. They, it's like my nigga, my nigga don't play about. It's like, it's attractive when she finds it attractive. Yeah. They're writing off the women that like that shit. I'm not, I'm not doing it. I, I'm not And It is easy to paint Cassie as the victim that was abused who was trying to put an album out and the big bad, powerful man.


Yes. Horrible shit happened. But it couldn't, she was down for some Of that. I'm not denying for a single solitary second, but yeah, she not on drown that she s that that level of toxicity did not permeate her and and literally become a, become like a template of her own actions. I Mel I just wanna ask you a question 'cause it's really important. 'cause you are a beautiful girl and you have a lot of options, right? Well, you, you do. No, you do. But my point is this. Let's remember you so crazy. Well Martin said you break up with a girl, you broke. She can't wait to leave. Right? Nigga, you wanna leave this indoor like you could. I went to one of they houses. It was just the Hollywood house, 10 square foot. That was just the house where Cassie was at. You wanna leave all this and you know, sometimes you gotta think. So what I'm asking you, Mel is a beautiful woman. Does the man's financial status and the lifestyle he pro provides to you make a difference in how long a woman would endure other pains?


It can, it can 1000%. And is that stockholms? It can 1000% play a role that that's what I'm asking. It absolutely Can. But is that stockholms? No, It's not. No, we're not talking about Stockholm right now. I'm asking the question. It's not Stockholm. Right? We're not what we're discussing right now. Okay. We're talking about the like, I know accepting like a, like, you know, understanding, love to be in a really Toxic form to be toxics. So there are some women, yes, they, if the situation is, like I said, a gilded cage, they're not fucking going anywhere. They're going to, you know, they consider that the, the lesser of, of two evils. But there are some women that, that is one that will s that will say, fuck you, fuck your fucking bowling alley.


Fuck the fucking helipad. I'm fucking out there is women that that's and None of that. And I think Cassie did that 10 years into it and finally was over it. And that was it. That's what I really believe happened. And then you get with a man, then you realize there's no more heated toilets, there's no more heated pools. What do we have? Then you realize the nigga that I could get it from, he ain't gonna like me 'cause I left with you. So now you like what we going to do? I'm I, when you you act like couples on pillow talk and, and sit in the bed and plan and plot. We're gonna write a book. Get he don't want it to get out. Hit him for some money. 'cause we need money. Yeah. You know what high That's Heard. That's how it happens though. You ain't gotta tell unfortunately Then he should have paid It. Right. But he Did. You know what they highlighted? No, no, he didn't At first Said the 20 million.


Why you up here on the stand if you got the 20 million from Puff? Because that's the other problem they Highlighted. But she got niggas Go and pay the settlement and y'all still leaked the story? No. Is that what happened? I'm asking 'cause I don That's what they said on the, he said That's what happened. No, she filed a lawsuit and then, and then once that went up the next day he paid No, no, no. That part I know. Okay. What, what, what my understanding of the situation was was the Feds were already working on a fucking case. Yeah. They, they were kind of on his ass. And because all these of all the lawsuits came out back to back to back the feds, some thirsty Feds jumped on it. It wasn't the Cassie tip because she's not Yeah, but She popped the first lawsuit. Yeah. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I'm saying she didn't, I don't think she got she set it off publicly. Yeah. The court of public opinions.


The feds could have been working For most. That's my point. I'm saying Cassie I think was fine with the check and walk. She was the one that was supposed to shut the Fuck up if I just gave you 20 million. Yeah. But if the feds call you, you got the power you take the sandwich gonna do. If you get A, then you take the stand and today is the first time or the other day is the first time we're hearing any of this. And we're all shocked and appalled at the same time. That's not what happened. What happened is he lost his shit as soon as Cassie said yo and then the video came out, he was done. See and I feel like that's the steamroll of all the other people. Ry or all the people who came out with cases. I mean he, at least eight other cases came out against Puff A week. None of them more damaging and damning than this One. And the video And that video even before The video. This one more damaging.


Didn't the video I Didn with him for 10 years. He shouldn't have did none of this shit. Yo don't take any of this speech as riding for him. Exactly. He shouldn't have did shit. He's dead to Right. But important to examine how you got there. Ego. Ego And the perception of being untouchable. Ego. Ego makes you think you're untouchable. Ego. Yeah. All ego Joe. I think, I think we need a moose bosh And moose bosh. Yeah. Can can you give us the mo? What the fuck is mobo? Fuck is that? It's like, this is crazy. It's Can't the appetizer before the appetizer. You can't tell, you can't, you cannot say what's on the table without being looked away.


You can't speak from the other side with hardcore facts without it looking away. You, you You against it. And it's like, I Love everybody. I think you can, we always say that can, like When I hear Cassie up there admitting the things and saying I love them and taking accountability, I still hear people no disrespect, making excuses for her Stockholm. She's and all this shit. Like she, she's acknowledging Stockholm shit. I ain't she's acknowledging like, yo, I was in love with him. Yes, I wanted to do it. Mark, you know, you know when women are in love, they do the dumbest shit for men. Men know that. We all know that as men, she was in love. She did dumb shit. And it's over now. But because Puff is just because how people look at puff and view even getting away with this for so many years now It is. Oh, she has to be going through something or some mental angu sex. And I'm Gonna So you saw Django, right?


I did. Alright, so imagine if the slave master from dj, was it Leonardo? Leonardo? Imagine Leonardo was on trial. Got it. And then somebody said, well it couldn't have been that bad. Look at Steven. Look at Samuel Jackson. Look at him. Yeah. If, if he was really getting abused, why is he hugging him? Why is he risking his life for him? Why is he killing other people for, why does he have the ability to even fucking speak at the, why is he doing the shit he left and came back. That was good, mark. You see what I'm saying? Like we could, if we did that, that was a good argument. We'd be fucking, we, we, we would sound crazy right? At point Samuel had a chance to leave and join them Niggas wait. And now, so just left. But wait, wait, wait. Flip. That's my point. A picture. When, when you leave, wait, Samuel chose not to though. Let me reply to that though. If you watch a Django, he made a choice.


I'm off of Django. Let me reply To that. Yes. That doesn't account for the millions of people that would sign up for that abuse in a heartbeat if there were 20 and 30 million at the end of the road. For sure. You can't say for sure, Especially you ain't got it because we Don't account, you don't account for those people that, that theory is never floated in this All I'm saying because abuse Is bad. Yes. And now I sound like I'm defending and I am not defending none that Shit. I don't doubt that there'd be people who would sign up for it. But that doesn't nullify the fact that the abuse is fucked up. And, and I think It is. I'm Not debating that part. I'm not Debating that. I know you're not, I'm not debating. So that's what I'm saying. So the fact that she's, it's fucked up and, and honestly I think she deserves the 30 million if everything we say is true, she deserves it anyway. Me too. So, so I don't feel though I think she Deserves the 30 million.


I also believe that he deserved for a certain treatment when you paid it. Yep. And and that's what I think That's a But she deserved a 30 million and if you paid 30 million that comes with certain rights that he didn't get. He didn't pay The 30. I would argue we paid 20. But that was free. It wasn't like, hey, we want this. Take that It was a hostile, he made a hostile shoulda 30. That's what I'm saying. Shoulda paid. None of this is happening. I hope not. That's true. You might not Get, But Mark, I love that you said that. Everybody said that. But imagine if your ex girl who dating your old trainer that you hired comes to you with a book and Says the shit really in your cr It is, It Is. Wait, wait, wait, wait. No, this but wait. But don't put that on Ray. Know why I'm with Ray because when I read the shit, the, the court transcript where Puff was focused on getting the money back from the trainer that was paid.


I thought that was a grave mistake. That was a grave mistake. Do let it go. Yeah, It is. It sound like it's important to Ray because reading that It is was important. It was too important to pop Triggering. It was way too important. Mark, mark, mark what I'm Saying from a, from a man's standpoint, if somebody take your chick, okay, she better man won. But if It is somebody you hire, he's in your house, you're telling him to handle it and they run off together. And now you come back to me with a book and then you say, oh, it could be a lawsuit. I might not have responded like that either. I'm just being honest with you. Yeah, yeah. I might have been like, man, fuck y'all, but On, even if you took a right lesson. Hold on, hold on. Huh. Hold on. Even if you, how you get It is how you lose them. But anyway, that's another conversation. That's true. What you just said. Come Back with the book. You have to now weigh if she filed this lawsuit, What Do I got to lose?


No, no, no, no, no. But You Right. But what I'm telling you is remember this, I that's where your ego kicks in. She still is telling me to give her 30 million before she took out this book. And I know she taking it back to that nigga that took her from me. Cool. So Now Sometimes the man your ego No, I agree. I'm not arguing was an ego. You're right. It was All ego. It is all Ego. It was all ego. But that's why I'm telling Mark, that's why he, I don't think, 'cause I feel the same way. Why wouldn't you just pay the 30 million? But it was the book. I we didn't know that. I thought if It is all Ego then how much of It is spite on her part? Ooh. Probably all of it. Yeah. How much of which part? So coming up the criminal, I'm just asking if you to the criminals answer be it could be all fight. I think the civil is both. I think the criminal is, I think she just got swept up and had no choice on that. That's what I saying. She didn't have No choice.


Because once a a a super Subpoena subpoena, yeah. I think don't think that's fight. But the the civil part, I think some of It is I know you don't give a fuck about much and I need you to feel something the Crip, the courts, because that's what a lot of domestic, that a lot of sexual assault and DV cases end up with civil. Not just because for lots of reasons. But part of It is the courts ain't gonna do shit. The the the cops ain't gonna do shit. All, all of this. But also the only thing you'll feel is this money hit you in the pocket. Yeah. Some of it's the only thing you'll feel is money. I deserve some of it, but also this is gonna fuck you up and I need you to feel, so Did y'all see the video of Lil Wayne's ex-girlfriend being broken up? Did you? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. The reason why I'm going so hard for this trial is because of that video. She says something on that video. Exactly. She, my man, my man is breaking up with me. He took me and my daughter out instead of going on with her life saying, this man don't want me.


She says, who knows a lawyer. What are we talking now you now women are suing niggas for breaking up and we now we don't even have a choice joke, but We don't account for that. Yeah, Yeah. Like so that's why I'm saying like, listen, if you, if somebody came in with facts and he has wires and puff prime, I'm with all that. But all we talking about is they sexual endeavors. Yeah. And to me that's like embarrassing them is really shitting on them. But for me it gets us nowhere. It is. And en Rico, like dog Rico was created for John got, And I said that last time. Fucking Paul Castano and all those gangsters. This is not the right thing today. This is this For Mike. Again, this is not a Rico charge. This is Rico are different. Huh. That's fair. S not a Rico charge. Okay. That's that's true. That's fair. That's fair. Yes. So let's, let's do the dem B now.


That's what the fuck is The, It Is a Apparently y eat the wrong restaurants. Right? Right. It's a pallet cleanser. It's like when they give you little No, no. Clearly we didn't get, we didn't go as far in college as you. This some shit you just taught us. No, it's fancy restaurant Shit. Fancy as college. They all associated the same Point is we need a fancy Restaurant shit. We need a palate cleanser. And so I, I just thought we could talk about something else. And I was looking at social media yesterday minding my own business and I stumbled upon a great new pod. Have you seen this new podcast? Which one? It's Jadakiss and Fat Joe. Anybody record it? Yes. Yes I did. I I've seen two of the episodes. Yeah. Oh, the, okay. Dope, dope, dope, dope, dope. It was, I Didn't watch the most recent one Though.


Oh, you, oh you should. How Do you feel about artists stepping into the pie space? I, as a long time Native Potter, I feel like every, I'm, I'm very protective of my space and too me and I don't want anybody in Me too. That's what I'm asking. Yeah. Fuck those guys. No, I think anybody should do what they can. I mean, look, I was a TV guy, a TV news guy that people said shouldn't step in a podcast anymore. So like I think people should do they thing. I Hate how they announced it. I how hard they went. It is almost like, because you have an advantage 'cause your celebrity, right? Yeah. But I think that they thought it was gonna be hard. I feel great. I thought no, I think they thought it was gonna be easy. I was about say they thought it was gonna be easy and then they get on there, then they realize that we don't care like everybody's talking. So all we care. Right. And then they start, you know, figured out what's the, you gotta make a splash. Hey, how you, you gotta make a splash.


You gotta make some noise in the podcast. Gotta Make a splash. By the way. It is on the third episode. We didn't start seeing clips from the third episode until they made a splash. Mm. Yeah. Can we talk about that splash a little bit? I saw clips from the second episode. I say I saw the second episode clips, but, but I chose not, I chose not. And even those clips were what appear To be attempt to be a splash. It was ba A little bait. Yeah. A little bit. Hum Hum the water a little bit. Absolutely. Didn didn't think it was about me 'cause I got a hit. You say that again. Oh Right. Second episode got fair enough when he was like, yo niggas ain't got hit. Niggas ain't qualified. I didn't take that personally. I felt like that before I got in the pod game. Like yo, there's too many people that are doing interviews with rappers that never did it. Never heard the music I wanted to talk about.


That's a common thing for people to say. Yeah. So I didn't want to just take that personally so I let it ride. But then episode three, You know what I mean? And I don't think that was about you Didn didn't take it that way Then, then I heard this one. I just want to let it be known under normal circumstances, I would charge the volume and boost mobile for this airtime on this broadcast. But Mark is, that's my man. He want to let it go for free. I'm going to oblige. Look, I'm here for the home team. We ain't gotta play Just this one time play. Lemme just talk about it. No play, play, play. I'm be dramatic. I'm okay. You Know I don't, I don't wanna be triggering though.


I'm trying to be mindful of that On five row. I gotta be front row. So you want all the, because somebody you don't like your enemy going to come sit. Right. You know that. We call that the Joe button seats. So you know them second row. I don't even got, you ain't got a hoodie. I got a hood. Y'all listen them second, third row that ain't, I can't do it. I gotta sit front row. I give you my experience. What do you call them? Seats, you know, perfect example. Him and 50 got some shit and I'm sitting court side. If 50 comes sick, he was right behind y'all. Okay. But he's behind us.


Don't you still considered floor ct you anything? Listen, didn didn't know that is AA and bbb. I'm not trying to be disrespectful, but the man had a little something going on with 50 and why God put 50 said front row and he's in like third row. I don't think I was, That would Bother me if I was Joe Buttons. And he put the S back on your neck Before when not. I just, when we just Squashed. Listen, if he didn't bump in the fifth, would he have a nice experience? He got a good seat. But the problem is you gotta always expect the enemy might come front, bro. I'll stop it there. So there's absolutely no logic to his life. What, who was that?


There was Mark my hill. Pussy. Pussy. It is hilarious. So look, I didn't quite follow his logic either. Yeah. It made no sense. But just call the second row to Joe button seats. That's Fucked up up the second row. That's not Horrible. So Mark, I look like that's like the worst. And I tried to tell Joe this before myself, but I would say this Because he said it at a podcaster. It, it came off like B but if it was a wrap bar, it would've just been a wrap bar. Like it would've been Sitting in a second row like Joe button. It would've been rat bar. But it, it Was, it'd still be a pretty hard shot to say though. Yeah, No it wouldn't. Second seats, second row's pretty good. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with everybody. There's nothing wrong with sitting bbb.


Especially when the internet went and found pictures of Fat Joe and wrote 10 and row 13. Okay, so, so my only thing that I, It is fucking New York my own as My only response to to, to Joe would've been, but you're, but I, I feel like you the go to this podcast shit. You my nigga. But I always tell you that and you really on the, you are on the ghosts floor shooting at him. Like nigga that's the, he's The AA a podcaster. He's the fucking, he's the Podcaster for even if he's B bro. And you, you in podcasting now talking about it. Yeah. All Y'all doing is playing in his hand. Yeah, That's right. Right. That's The whole point. You playing his hands. He say something, you keep going up. But I think he knew what he was doing. How'd you feel when you heard that? He did it last episode when he went up there and was like, yo, these podcasters. These podcasters, they give us our flowers.


We up here on the whatever number they debuted on the iTunes chart and nobody gave us our flowers. I ain't see none of these podcasters. You know, you talking about. Right? Like you wanted to get, bro, do your thing. Get your, get to your spot without mentioning Anybody ice the ice. I wanna say something now I'm gonna challenge you 'cause I gotta call you out now I'ma get what's up. Call me Out. Ain't this is just a, this is equivalent to the rap beef. It is. This is just same shit nigga. I got my pod. Who the number one pod nigga I'm gonna shoot at him. It's the same concept. So It Is just that you Oh it's interesting. So when that, I disagree with that a little bit. I mean No, no, I get Saying It is his in constant. If I'm The top nigga in the game and a nigga who's on his first freestyler shooting at me, I'm not responding to you.


You gotta earn a response at least. Well I lean in not back. I with that. You said what? I lean in not back. You lean into it. Lean in. Not back. He asked you a question though. Give it the dramatic intro. Come on. You see with your boy We heard you. We heard you. Mike. Check one, two. Now coming to the table. Mike, check Mike. Check a aa nigga in this game. 1, 2, 1 2 10 toes down. Yo, lemme get that water real quick.


Time having a head on that niggas shout him out. Dip the lights. Yo dip the lights a little bit. Yo, lemme get that towel man, nigga down. Yo sweating a little bit. I'm ready. Yo we my automatic Floater. Yo. Call out the masseuse real quick. The masseuse girl. Call em out. Come on. Come on Ma. Yeah. I need a massage Ling. Stop, stop, stop. Yo, that's why I didn. Just say that part girl Mel up in this piece. How do you feel man? Like Mark asked you when you heard, I wanna break character for a minute. Okay, I wanna break character for a minute 'cause could have some fun with this or you could use it as a really, really, really teachable moment in front of a really large audience.


So let me be mature and show some discipline and restraint and lead with. I absolutely love Fat Joe. Have all the respect in the world for Fat Joe bought Flo Joe when it dropped Jaus, I knew he was gonna Flo Joe. You know what's coming. I bought Flo Joe when it dropped. Doubt, no doubt. Flo Joe was one of the first instrumentals I spit on in like 93, somewhere around there. So I got a D, fire, water, all that. So I have a different level of respect for not only Fat Joe, but I'm gonna always support anything that Jaus does. Anything that Kiss does, he has my support. That's a fact. Shout to Jwan, shout to Yonkers.


For me in my forties, it's been really important to unlearned stupid hip hop ideology. Like, let me start with, there's nothing to even fight about here. You can't work. Let's start with we talking about a game where the tickets were the most expensive Nick playoff tickets in, in in franchise history. Y'all argue about tickets that more, the cheapest ticket in that building was 600, 700, 808 74 Joe. Yeah, it was. Yeah. Nick, the Nick Nicks fan. Thank you Nick. The 8 74. That particular game was a lot. So this is all just like elitist jargon. It is. I wanna start there. Yes. 4.0 versus 4.6. Secondly, secondly, well, yeah, secondly, the internet is not like a real place.


I would expect Fat Joe to know that I need more than internet fodder to ever assume that there's really beef with somebody. Me and 50 have over 20 years in. I never thought that that would escalate. And if I feel like that, I just need more than some internet chat for me to feel like that. Number one. Number two, if you fight in the garden, you're banned for life. You're not doing it again. And if you're tough enough to fight there during a game, then my nigga, I don't assume any of us Millionaire multimillionaire nine figure people to, to do that at the garden.


I just, I just don't. The lights is too bright. And we did a watch a game, which is the other brilliant concept I have, which may be hard for people to grasp. But if I'm at the Knicks game, It is just 'cause I'm a Knick fan. I'm not there for the vanity play. I'm not there for the celeb role. I'm not there to be seen. I'm not in the record label seats, I'm not in the kit seats. I'm not in the comped seats. I'm in the seat that I wanted to purchase. So I bought it. It's, it's really just that simple. I'm not with all the extra hoopla out there, I'm not out here running around moving with the leverage of my management company or trying to be buddy, buddy or friendly with rappers that I'm not really buddy, buddy or friendly with.


I'm the walking embodiment of standing on my own too. And you know that, which is why you're using my name on your newly established platform trying to get traction. 'cause I'm the best in the biz. I recognize that too. Lastly, I just don't know what Joe Button seats mean. And because I have so much relationship equity with Fat Joe, I'll wait for him to tell me. I don't want to assume on one hand where I come from, you would want to be seated behind your enemy. If anything, that's where the logic comes. That's the part. Didn didn't follow a Yeah, yeah. You wouldn't want to be seated in front of him. So if he was talking about that, I don't really get it. But that's on him. And lastly, maybe Joe Biden seats just means sitting behind somebody.


You make a lot more than until we get clarity on it, we won't really know. But be clear, reimagine how y'all mentioned my name in some of these conversations, I make a lot more than you niggas. So if I'm seated behind you, it's by choice. Enjoying some popcorn with my baby. I say that with all respect in the world. So much love to Fat Joe and Jada Kiss. I'll continue to support their broadcast and hopefully everyone out there will continue to do the same. But this is a non-issue, you guys. Everybody back to work. Hey, hey, hey. If this is ever, this is a nonstarter.


If this ever comes to be something then, then we'll, we'll address it later. But Joe and I have talked, this is nonstarter. Salute to all and go Ns. Always. Okay. What was the thing you called it? A A Moosh. A moosh. Bosh. Yeah. Bosh. Reset the pallet. Didn't do didn't do it. You right. Didn't work through. I thought it would, but you know, what'd you say? Right? Moves doesn't feel B, you know? Yeah. Like we gotta be, we gotta be. It is, It is important to not let things that you see on the internet rile you up while, while things are going great man. That that was a non-starter shout out to those boys. And then it's, It is kind of like the guy in the front talking about the guy in the back of him.


The second guy. Yeah. Not knowing that there's 300 other rows behind. It's like you almost like disrespect those people. But wait, Do, if I was sitting in the nosebleeds, I make more than you. Like my seat never come up in your conversation. If I was outside in a lawn chair watching on a fucking a mobile device, my, my seat shouldn't come up in none of y'all conversations. That was confusing a little bit. But teach you something. Any who? How about now is your mobo? There You go. Now my moosh is amused. Yeah. There we go. We good now? Alright. What, what else is going on in the world? They got Chris Brown, They got ice.


Take it away. Chris Brown Correspond Ice, ice, ice red. That was his freak. Nah, they got him over in United Kingdom. Picked him up from an old charge from an incident that occurred in a nightclub back in 2023, I believe. Ah, way back then. And as soon as, and as soon as he landed, they were waiting and picked him up. I don't, I don't understand how they didn't have that situation taken care of or something. Or at least have your people to Sometimes make sure We good. Nah, sometimes I ain't gonna hold you. I understand it. Sometimes things get a slip through the cracks or B, you'll put your team on it.


They'll go check and there'll be a whole nother building that you had to go to. This happened with me. Where was I? Toronto some shit where you had to go to a specific building on sixth Avenue to get the clearance. You could have called every other building in the world and they said you good, but if you didn't go over there, they flagging you over there and we're locking you up. So sometimes your team don't know that building to get in touch with. Yeah. Sometimes the cops are pulling a fast one and they just did it the night before. They just, hey grab snap him like you don't know. And he was denied bail. That's the crazy part. That's why until June. When July 13th. Wait, what? What? Hold on. They hold on to when? July. Lemme check. You Sure somebody checked that? I thought I saw June.


No, his first and his first show out there is July 10th. So he gonna be in the, You gotta be kidding. They got all That time. They know what they doing. They being Dramatic. That is some wild shit right There. This sounds like they'll get that resolved. This sounds like posturing. What? This is the, the, the, the judge said It is, there's too severe bodily harm. What? Said too serious gre grievous bodily harm case. I don't want Allegedly Smashed somebody's head with a champagne bottle or tequila bottle with a liquor bottle. Well he's, no, he's, he's ordered to remain in custody till June 13th. June The Exactly. It is June. It is New York time. I'm, I'm Sorry's still a minute Away.


Very different from July though. Y'all Coming for a concert and now you sitting in jail For a month. Like what? That is crazy Bro. You don't even even know if you're getting out on June 13th. You, you just gonna see a judge. Yeah, but you know what? He gotta do it. He has to do it. He has to go out there if there's charges and he gotta get locked up. Whatever has to be done in these other places while he's eligible for these Grammys and while he's getting his global star shit back. Part of that It is. I have to go show my face and clear up all of my grievances. That is true. From, from the past. That is true. It's true. He, his first tour date was scheduled for June 8th in Amsterdam. It's June 8th.


Right? I can't look at the month mix up. I'm sorry. So we'll make you miss one of them. Damn. We'll make you miss that one. Maybe. I bet they get it resolved before that. You cut the right check. Have the right people in your pocket that can Call the people and say It is Here. He's doing stadium tours. No, man. But a lot of times the The, I think they're gonna get that resolved Overseas. They try to set examples. You got good manager aunt know he doing And somebody said to me that overseas might be mad at us for tariffs. Oh shit. Nah, you can't takey the tariff. Nah, nah, nah. You can't do that. That's crazy. Put a breezy tariff on. No, they Took Brittany greener for less straight up. True.


They took on Penny, they took Brittany grinder for much less. Yeah. We could take Chris Brown with the tariff battle nigga. No, that was for the Archangel Ab Doom or whatever that, what was his name? Arch? Yeah. Death. The merchant of death. The merchant of Death. Merchant of death. Yeah. Swap him out. This niggas cut a deal, boy. Yeah. Oh my lord. Yo pri are with Chris Brown. Yeah, for sure. I love you. Hopefully they get that worked out. Especially before it's New York Day. 'cause me and my old family is going to that. Yeah. That's why I had to check. Wait, wait when? No, we going to that Chris Brown. You crazy Mel, you gonna Chris Brown, When is it? August? Yep. 12th hot bother bay. Little young boy. You weren't Thought Talking, thought it was Like he dressed her today.


Shut the fuck up. Yeah. Who dressed you today man? I dressed myself Because you dressed like TLC right eye right? You dressed like you ain't too proud to be Nah, creep. Yeah. I I like this. Look on you. Thank you. I Was saying I was gonna take that all as a compliment. Yes. I always been a sucker though for the fucking jeans that sag when girls are doing. Oh, that's cute. That's, that's get the shit off. Thank you. Thank you. What else is there? So we praying for Chris Brown. Tori, let's get to Tori. Let's get all the newsy depresses. I I let's get all the niggas Tory News out the way. What's the name of that group? Unite. Unite. Unite. Something. Some group sounds Like a mark. Question Mark.


Don't know because he's team me. So he ain't he ain't checking for nothing. I I can no, no group trying to help Tory get out. But anyway, some attorneys came forward and said that Kelsey's bodyguard during the trial overheard some things and unite the people. Unite. There you go. Unite the people. Thank you. Freeze unite. The people came forward to say that Kelsey's bodyguard during the trial came forward to say that he couldn't sleep any longer knowing that an innocent man was in jail. And that he overheard conversations of Kelsey claiming that she was the person to fire that weapon and shoot yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada. I, That's what we got.


Doesn't that qualify as hearsay? And why is he just talking about it now? Like, I'm, I'm just so Confused. He didn't wanna protect it anymore. He said Why she's outta human. I I'm over it. I'm sorry. It's ridiculous. And, and all right, so again, he was not charged with shooting her, But he was charged with assault with a semi-automatic firearm. Yeah. Just charging a firearm. He was basically charged with shooting negligence. So what I'm saying is that freeze, if his fingerprints was not on the firearm, then that means that these trial, these charges should be dropped or shouldn't be charged, filed in the first place.


If his fingerprint was not in a firearm, means that It is not conclusive. He didn't assault with a semi-automatic firearm and he didn't discharge a firearm with gr gross negligence. Yeah. Everything that flip said also on the last day of the trial, his bodyguard was supposed to take the stand, but due to somebody saying they prosecution saying they would need more time with him, which would delay things, Tory and them chose for the bodyguard to not hit the stand. I think that was a grave mistake one. Also, all of this coincides with the reporting from the neighbor that was not allowed. Which said we saw, I saw two girls tussling, she fired off and a man came and yada yada yada.


So I don't think that this helps Tory. But it's funny how when, when it's the man that's the victim in trying to protect a black woman, nobody gives a fuck if he goes to jail for 10 years and is railroaded. But I learned that three, four years ago post pandemic about y'all. So I don't even talk about it no more. But a lot of people with a brain thought that it was more likely that two chicks found out they was fucking the same nigga. And one of them shot the other one, one Blacked out Versus two chicks found out they were fucking with the same dude and the dude shot one of them in the foot. Dude, with that what you will, he's away. I don't think he's coming home.


Yeah, He that that, that's what I got for you there. This is what I say to the first part. I agree. He, he wasn't charged with assault with a deadly weapon, but he was charged and convicted of possession of a weapon, discharging a weapon, and assault with a Weapon. But that wasn't his weapon. And some people know that. Yeah. And and it don't have to and it don't have to be his weapon charges. You know that. Say that again. It didn't have to be his weapon to catch those charges. Yeah. I'm not saying it was his weapon. Okay. But I'm railroaded if whoever's weapon it was has immunity, That that's a different, that's a different point. I'm, I'm, I'm railroaded If that happens, we just always ignore the railroad. Not not, and not saying that that means not guilty. I'm just talking about a Railroad. A railroad means I should get a retry On what base, on what basis.


I'm just, I'm just trying to follow. Well he Was, well Tory was arguing his, that his representation was incompetent. Oh, That's a different issue. Yeah. I absolutely, I agree with that. That's important due process. I want him to get his, Charles Tory is gonna find, well it's his job now. Right. To find as many reasons to try to get a new trial as Possible. Yeah. Yeah. I I find here's what I, I have found that the people who defend Tory lane's have passionately misrepresented what happened in that courtroom and what the evidence was. And for me, when I hear more information, I always have to double and triple check it. Not because I have an an, an investment in who goes to jail or not, but because I've just not found it to be credible.


In the case of this person who overheard somebody saying that they did something. I, I can't say he's lying or not. It's hard for me to believe though that this person is just coming forward now. And it's hard for me to believe that Tory Lane's never explicitly said on trial. Kelsey shot the weapon. He fucked himself. And it's hard for me to actually, he said the opposite. It's hard for me. She did Not. Right. It's so now, and he, so for this new person to be telling the truth, it means Kel it means that Tori had to have lied about who the real shooter was. Which he would, which he could say I was under the instructions from my counsel, which was poor counsel. Right. Or sometimes things are what they look like.


And so it's hard for me to believe that he sat there on trial knowing he was looking at 10 years knowing who the shooter was. Seeing the shooter being there with the shooter and not only didn't identify the shooter, but said the opposite. Said that wasn't the shooter. That seems implausible to me. The outside person. Not withstanding, I'm not one of those people that only ones to listen to. I've been, I've been fighting for bu jamal's liberation since 1980 and people have come forward and said I was the shooter. I saw the shooter. And I've heard people reject our claims because they say, why would somebody come later? I'm not that person that says just 'cause I just 'cause it ain't my person. I won't listen to them. That's not my point. I've been fighting for 35 years for justice for Roddy, Roddy Piper. Nigga S not gonna happen As long as he wears that skirt ain't happen.


God rest in peace. No, no. I'm talking shit right now. Of course. But, but I'm, I understand what Mark's saying. Yeah. I'm not like, Fuck that guy. 'cause he's not. 'cause I'm, I'm a team Meg. It's not that it's, it just doesn't, it it doesn't fit to me logically. It doesn't, it doesn't fit with what I think would happen. I disagree With that. But I do agree he didn't do himself favors. Why? He didn't do himself favors even Prior to the trial. He didn't do I don himself favors. I don he just did A lot of, can I tell you the first phone call steps, bro? Like the first I get that first call A it's a lot of gun powder. Slow down, slow down, slow down. Sorry. I was About say I have not seen one person never go to jail for 10 years for shooting a ground and their graves in someone. I felt the cr I felt the the census was longer than the crime.


Crime. Who was the woman That shot up in the Marissa? Alexander. Alexander. She actually ended up hitting somebody though. But I talking about Shine. What's That? Are you talking about shine? I didn't hear you. No, no, no. The woman Marissa Alexander, the woman shot the warning shot in the, in the ceiling. And there's a whole, a whole Thing. She's right. No, I, I was just, I don't think the crime. So I think my point is this. I don't think Tory thought they, they're gonna gimme 10 years for a cut on a foot. I really don't think he thought that. I thought he thought, I thought it was the same thing. Like, yo, we had some friend shit went bad. We celebrity so we know better now. 'cause shit blew up. And now it's like Nick, I'm doing 10 years And I like both these girls. I like both the girls. Not me. I'm saying him saying I have relationships with both of these one, I don't wanna see if there's a way for all of us to, to get outta this Scott free.


I'd rather that option. I just think that they turned on him faster than he realized and he never caught up. But do I believe that Tory Lane shot? I've said this a million times already, so y'all need me to say it again. I I'm confident that he did. I'm not a big prison person as y'all knows. I, I don Dunno if 10 years is the right sentence. I would say it isn't. That's what I was Asking. How long is it? I would say it isn't Like three years feels like fair but 10. 10. Yeah. I think there's a lot of ways to resolve this. I don't know if put him in the cage for 10 years. But why do You think it's more plausible that Tory did it versus Kelsey Based on witnesses? Based on the fact that he said Kelsey, the Witnesses that they allowed I'm talking about him. He said Kelsey didn't do it. Yeah. Okay. In his own words. But are you talking about the witnesses that they allowed including himself?


Yes. I'm talking about everybody. Or are you talking about what everybody's initial plan was? Which was Hey, let's find the neighbor. Let's let that person testify and let's let the other only other person that was there. The bodyguard testify. You're you're not looking at that. I'm Looking at Because they didn't hit the stand. I'm looking at all the evidence we've had access to and I'm saying because I What Did your Philadelphia brain tell you? My phil? Like, I don't do well when we start talking in court tv, but Take the, take all the legal shit off the table. Yeah, my gut just what some hood shit is. I think he shot the gun. I think he was drunk. He did, I think he did some wild shit. I suspect Megan Kelsey had some other shit going on and they got into, I know they got into some kind of physical argument. There could be more messiness. Put it like this. I think there's more messiness to this case than the court proceedings would suggest.


But at the end of the day, I'm, I feel very confident that he shot that gun. Yeah, but that didn't answer my question. Well, you from you From you from outside and shot gun like that, a Lot of things aren't what he had gun powder on his hands. He could have been fighting to get the gun from her and got the gun powder on his hands. I don't know. She could have got out shot that gun. Oh shit. Gimme, gimme. What are you doing? Give No one got, I Don think he's a gun gun. Nothing says he, he let that happen and didn't say she ain't doing it on the stand. If I'm trying to protect everybody, I, I don't see it. See that I don and that's Why the niggas fold under, under that kind of pressure. They don't actually, They knock that stop. No, that's because they know they like if you got bad representation and they're telling you, yo, we can beat this.


Boom boom boom boom. Alright cool. She's gonna make it out. She's gonna make it out and then I'll be fine. I bet don't care if your lawyer is Ernest j Fry. I don't care who you got the worst lawyer ever. You are not going to tell your client We have exculpatory, we have the shooter. You saw the shooter. We know the shooter saying not only don't snitch but also say that wasn't the shooter. Even the worst lawyer in the world ain't doing that. That's all I'm Saying. But that's not but that, that Yeah, but that's false. That's, that's not true. That attorney could have very well been saying to him, like many people were saying publicly at the time, I think we got this covered. I don't think we even need the testimony of your bodyguard. I think with some of the findings of the gun of, Because Joe, you remember like that Would explain why he doesn't snitch on her.


That doesn't explain why he would deny the, that he would actually effectively perjure himself to put himself in the crime. Not out of the crime. Well because the story that he Was, he put that shit on the Instagram comment. Like he per himself, he just literally was replying to somebody. Again, I'm trying to keep this shit clean and keep it off. Everybody. Yo, that was not true. No she did not. She didn't do that. Can tell Mark. Not Realizing, Tell I didn have Patience of that was gonna be That's an interesting Point. I think a I see what you, I think a gun went that point. I think regardless of what happened, regardless of what happened, I think a gun went off, no one really got hurt, everybody's gonna be fine. And then the other emotional things occurred and that's what really drove him to go to jail. I think that if they was all still friends and it was a mistake, it would've been like, no, we don't know what happened. And to me that was my only problem.


Like you was I think that's true too. You wanted to go at the ground, you wanted to put 'em in even though mind you maybe an inch over somebody would've been dead. But it wasn't so at that moment it should have been like, well it was a bad mistake. Let it go sentence probation. But 10 years, I Think 10 years is way too much. I think on on on his side they thought they were coming up with a story where everybody would be okay. Yeah. And reasonable doubt it didn't. Yeah. All we gotta do is prove reasonable doubt that We don't know what happened. So we can't Even Her getting the immunity would be part of the reasonable doubt. Exactly. And what I think happened was, Hey, why she needed immunity that should tell y'all something right there. And What I'm, that's when I would've folded on her. It's true. And what I think the Second she got immunity, I would've fold on her. Yep. Unless she didn't do it, then you can't fold. If she Didn't do it, I would still fold on her.


Oh You What the fuck you talking about? I'm trying to save my ass in the only other person that coulda did it, did it some you crazy. Some niggas gotta keep it real as they say. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. I think that's what it comes down to. What we keeping it real Goes wrong. What would've happen to us reputation if he would've basically snitched at a girl? Yeah, exactly. Like he might not have a career. It is like it's it's a, It is a trick bag no matter what for Him. I know. And that's where the the And that's where, let me cue up the ledge. Uhoh, Lemme cue up the ledge. 'cause Ray said it, but I'm gonna say it again. I don't wanna trigger nobody Sip.


I got enough to go around takes place I up on a sidewalk. There's more risk than reward when it comes to protecting women from men. Say more words. Nope. He's not wrong. Nope. I will not, you will not shaft me. But there's more risk than reward when it comes to that. Presuming that his story is true. Hey, I popped two of them.


One of them tried to kill the other one. I stopped her, grabbed it, knocked her hand down. Meg was turned around. We all was pissy drunk leaving the pool party for him to get jammed up like that Shit. And why? And, and I don't, there might be more risk and reward. I mean, I think doing the right thing always comes with more risk and reward. That's why more people don't do it. Right. So yeah. I I'm, let's go, I I might not disagree with you on that point, but why would if, if that story is true, right? She's mad at the girlfriend for fucking homeboy. They scrapping, they doing whoopty. Whoop. Why would it be important to her to frame him and and she shot her in this hypothetical, why would, why would she be trying so hard to let her off the hook?


Well, I don't Want to say, I don't want to say she right, because the story say that it's greater than Meg and none of this is her plan. The the story puts this in other hands that I won't say. Okay. So, so it's not about Meg, Meg is a helpless victim here. Meg has absolutely no control over story. Her words, none of that. Like it's not cool. No, no, No shit. No. Power dynamics. Power dynamics. Okay. That's a stretch to me. But I, I get the argument. I just don't buy it. I'm not Making it. I think I'm not, I'm not qualified to make it. Can I tell You what happened? I think, I think, I think everybody knew what happened.


He got railroaded. Niggas was like, that's fucked up. But he seemed like he hold his head up. He seemed good and then he got stabbed and it was like, hold up, this nigga might have got killed. And then it's like, See that's went too far. See that? That's where I jump off the conspiracy theory bandwagon. Thank you. I do not believe that his stabbing is at all related to the new evidence that they were about to release. It came with 12 the other way around. I don it go the other Way around saying you think So lemme ask you a question first before we ask this further. Okay. What shape is that? Is that object on the table? It's round. Okay. Just making sure because I I we go outta conspiracy theory training. I just gotta know how far we go. Nah bro. I'm not a conspiracy at all. Tell me why you think that's the most plausible reason. Well, it, It was just a timing thing. It's like Cassie been trying to get money from Puff. He won't pay to drop the lawsuit pay in 24 hours.


So to me it was just like a timing. Like Tory Lane gets stabbed up in jail. Oh my god. He got stabbed 14 times seven punch his lung critical condition. That shit tends to like get consciousness in people like damn. Or You know what I mean? Like, or He got stabbed Or true And the team said, let's try and get out. Let's try and get early release. Let's say that, let, let's do all the shit you do when you got public sympathy for the first time. True. I'm by the way, that could be either, but I do believe that the news and the stabbing were connected. Oh, I don't doubt that they're connected. That's what what I'm saying to Joe, I'm Saying I don't think there's a mission to silence the evidence. I think he's like, oh shit, this might be an opportunity to make so up. I'm with you. But some people were saying it in reverse as the conspiracy as they knew this was coming and this is why the stabbing occurred.


That's I thought you were saying That's what that's what the conspiracy was, was coming. Oh, whoever. Oh, okay. May whoever knew that this was about to come out, They wanna take him out. Take Him out before this comes out. That's what I thought you were saying. Like you Saying conspiracy. That's a great theory. I was just, I'm, I don popped my head. But that's great theory too. Put you The other way though. That's a crazy theory though. That is crazy to me. Power that that invested into It could be No, they are no I they are. Who's they? To me, I think the system is, I think that, listen, I think there's a clear cut attack on hip hop and black men in hip hop. Anytime you a cool nigga is attack on you. I just, It is like, It is obvious like Tory lay's in jail for 10 years for somebody got shot the floor and a woman voice, don't get me wrong, all wrong but 10 years My nigga.


And let me, let me add on to what Ray is saying even though I just jumped in and part of that crucified the line for whatever I'm gonna tell You part of that I, I agree with Mark. I don't think the powers to be are so invested in Tory. I just think at the time of this whole kerfuffle, there was a lot more money to be made on the Meg side and anybody that can stop that money. Well yeah, now a lot is at stake. I don't think Tory was that important. I think Tory being the cog that could maybe stop that other money train is why why it was important. And that's why I think why he's important. It's people who like, we need that nigga stand right where he at. I mean I just think they did it though. They got him. They got him. That's, I don't think they need to send prison stabbings to keep him in prison.


He staying. No, the story that's floating around now is that he disrespected, first of all, i we in the we in the the information age. So I know more than I want to know. I didn't want to know the charges of the dude homeboy that stabbed Tory. I never asked for that. Right. I never asked for that. So thank y'all for telling me that he took a shotgun and to his end, I won't even say. Yeah. And he was a pedophile. Awesome. But apparently the word word money, that Tory got disrespectful on the visit with his wife. Yeah. On a visit floor. Yeah. With his wife. And that's how it came about. I'm not in there. I don't know what to believe. It's a lot of rumors.


I don't know. I just pray that Tory is okay and it's unfortunate. It's unfortunate. I think him being in there is unfortunate. I think him leaving the radio station freestyle to go to Kylie house because it sounded sounded like a good time again, discipline. Discipline. They gonna get most of you niggas through your fucking penis. And the devil is gonna call with something that sounds like a blast. He gonna call with a pool party with your favorite vixens, your favorite models, some drugs and ecstasy. All that shit that they'll later take you to court for. Yep. So you have to be careful. You have to be careful. Yeah. That's, that's what I got for black men out there. Like be careful now. Cry later, try later.


What y'all got for DDG? That's the one where my age kind of caught up for me. I don I don't know all of the details with DDG. So, so the, the latest is that his partner Halle Bailey or former partner, partner filed for solo custody, temporary physical and legal custody of their son Halo. She says that DDG abused her both emotionally and physically. And because of those allegations, she has been granted that custody. Of course the internet always has their opinions on what that means or the why of it.


And I think there's a temporary Yep. There's also restraining order. Temporary restraining order where he has to remain over 100 yards away from both her and the baby. And that expires on the court hearing date, which is June 4th. See, this is my thing. If he did those things then get d, DG the fuck outta here. But if he didn't do those things, there's a clear blueprint and pamphlet that's being handed out to women as how to railroad a nigga that they trying to railroad. It's the easiest way. If I want full custody, I don't want this nigga to see the kid. I want him to lose all rights and privileges. Then when I found for, when I found this shit that I'm about to found, I gotta say this. I'm to say a whole, whole bunch of nasty things.


And when you get your lawyer, he'll tell you that those things are for public finding. So true or not, It is gonna read, Hey, he did X, Y, and Z and that's gonna make you look away. There's no way for an innocent man to win in this. I'm not speaking on whether he's innocent or not. I do not know. I I'm glad you said. I was gonna say my only thing is, is that it doesn't matter. The world's gonna hate, the world's gonna hate DDG, he's a monster. Fuck him. He needs to die. He needs to go away and they gonna go and he has to go through all of this process. So for me, I just wish that we can get back to the place where we give and it feels like it's a man thing. Like men the due process of like finding all of the things rather than just automatically painting them as a bad pitcher.


'cause to me it's like, it's like we, we all, we be with the shit sometimes too. We do it together. So, but for some reason it's like what Bobby and Whitney it was. Everybody was like, Bobby got on drugs and after Whitney goes and everybody's like, turns out Bobby was like, I was the lightweight. But it's like, but look at how much Bobby career suffered because they thought that he was that. So to me it's like niggas Ain't, niggas ain't weighing the risk when they dating angel face. She just angel face. Beautiful young world loves her. Nobody would ever think that angel face could be on bullshit. If that's the case, if that's, If That's the case case, if That's the, and and this is where for me, the believe women conversation has to begin. And this is what I mean 'cause people often hear when I say believe women, that means believe all women at all times under all circumstances.


And that is not the case for me. It is though, let's begin from a presumption of, of of, of honesty and innocence from the person making the claim. That same benefit should be given to men. It's just we That's not usually a struggle though. That's not what we do. We so, so you know, if a if if a dude calls and says certain things happen, we may be more inclined to buy it. You know, not the courts. I'm talking about us in our, in our society. The courts don't listen to men, black men very often at all. We don't either. Right. And so when in this case I would say let's investigate, let's find out what really happened. But if she says that she's been physically and emotionally abused and emotional abuse can be more complicated too.


'cause that can be, you know, there's relationship and every relationship to somebody who's probably saying they're being emotionally abused, right? I'm not to dismiss it, just say it's complicated. But if she says, this motherfucker's hitting me and I feel unsafe, I don't want to begin from a presumption that she's not telling the truth. And I think what I'm seeing online is a lot of people be getting it from that place. That this is spite, this is this, this is this. And again, I don't doubt that their relationship wrong. That's, you see, I See that. I See that. I see, I see what Mark's saying. There's too many, there's too many situations. Mark, there's too many situations of of women crying wolf mark. There's too many situations of women crying wolf see and hold on. These things keep coming out. So it's hard for you to just look at somebody and say, oh, she's completely innocent.


You know what I mean? When we See, I think statistically, sorry Stephanie, there's probably more cases of domestic violence than There are. Yes. There. That's back in the days false flag. It's Not back in the day, it's right Now. No. Wait, stop. 'cause y'all do this a lot and then it cuts. Gimme a second. Shut off. Off. I'm not talking about the domestic violence issue I'm talking about right now on the internet. In on the internet currently there are a lot of false reports that's happening against men and men that are in are that are in position. They're finding It is happening currently. Domestic violence of course is still going on of course since back in the days women hot, they're scared to leave, they end up going back home and a lot of things, the worst things happen to them. I'm not negating that. I'm just saying right now with social media being involved, there are a lot of cases that's coming out where people are lying, women are lying on men.


That's, I just wanna make that Part clear. I would like to add to to, to flip's point, but I want to take the focus off of the women and put it on the attorneys of women talk. It's a big business right now talk. That's where a lot of the shit that we, the attorneys come in and say, what are you trying to get done? This is the way to get that done. The attorneys come in and encourage certain things to be said on these reports. Especially if it's a man with some type of clout or power. Hey, We, we just talked about you, you just Brought it up Wayne kicking old girl out the house. Yeah. What if she went to a lawyer first before the internet Do it comes and better that Mark just said the other day, yo, some of the things that come along with Tony Busby I look at with a, a different eye.


Yes. Well why do we look at it with a different eye? Because we know that there's attorneys out there that's playing certain games and using people most times women as porns to get they shit off that should not negate the women that this actually happens to. Right, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. My my only thing is, is that we just gotta get to a place where men are losing things and collapsing before we even go through the process. Yeah. And to me it's like, and lemme tell you something bro, this really happened to me. These, I know these guys ain't smart. I I really think I'm smart. Like you can't, I'm going, I'm ready ahead. So one of my, a girl I'm in a relationship with, very known girl comes to my hotel room 'cause she think I got a girl there, I don't wanna let her in. And then I let her, I'm like, there's no girl in here.


So she pushed the door and she attacks me. She attacks me the whole time. We in my hotel room, as much as I'm getting attacked, Joe, the Virgo and me is saying, Ray, say something loud. So I'm saying, stop hitting me. Stop throwing stuff at me. Stop hitting me. What are you doing? So when the police come, 'cause they came to the room and she's like, he he, he, they said all they heard was a man yelling for a woman to stop hitting him. That's why I got off. Now imagine I wasn't smart to do that. Exactly. I would, that was my first day at Epic Records, my first and r meeting. I just didn't want to be around her. And I went to focus on my shit and she thought I had a girl came and attacked me and all that happened. And guess what? I'm just, and I'm, I'm, I'm like, yo, this can go bad. She's hit me. I'm just like, somebody hearing these dudes ain't young enough to understand it.


You gotta remember something d and it's not saying who's right, who's wrong. But let's be clear, DDG is connected to whoever he's connected to, but it's not as strong as the people that Haley is connected to. Sure. No. Same with Megan. Thee stallion and to Lane he talking. Yeah. So let's stop acting. Like there are people that are like, I know how to get around this but we gotta hit first. And this is how he hit. And it's, it's unfair, but I'm telling you. And that same chick tried to ruin my career, told everybody he hit me, he did this. It was a lie. It was a lie. And guess what I had to do? I went and got her back in front of all of them just to show them she was lying. So now I'm at the table with her again, like we together and they looking like, What is he doing here? If he was that person, nigga I wasn't, she was lying. She just wanted y'all to hate me 'cause she know I got to go and she don't that really be happening sometimes.


Sorry dog. I could talk for hours on, on my experiences, but I don't But women be out here trying to get you, you meet a chick, they want money. They, it's, it's natural. And by the way, men trying to get women, we all trying to get each other. We trying to get to the what we want and they trying to get what they want. But what I'm saying is that everybody's not all one side is not all guilty and one side is not all innocent. And I'm like a fan of yours when you came out. But the funny, the thing I like the most about you, I went to talk to you because I'm like, this nigga always takes the women's side. Like damn, like can a man Mark, mark. That's why I, I love Mark, but I'm like, he always takes the woman's side. It's tight ass hoodies. And listen, if he's a man and he says he's a trans man, she's gonna take his side anymore 'cause he's a woman. You take that and I'm just like, mark, we are black man are being attacked and you are one of the biggest voices out here.


And what I'm saying is that if you don't give a voice a reason, one of the smart ones, I'm gonna look at it as an ignorant nigga, but you are a smart one. So if you don't give reason, nigga, you just allowing them the railroad as many of our black men, what have I ever say? Anything? No. Mark. Mark. When a woman Mark, you always say, I'm with a woman, I'm with her. That's why I knew you was, that's why we Brought it up. I'm be like, I can't wait to hear marks. Yeah. I I I don't think that's the case. But have you ever seen me take an unreasonable position on an issue between men and women? Nah bro. I love, I'm a fan of yours. Take. Yeah. I don't think I but but it feels like it's always, if if a man did it, he's the piece of shit. You feel like that's what happened in this conversation today? Nah. No. No. Not right now. But I wanted to get your thoughts. That's why I Brought it up. Because right now you're not watching the clip, you're watching the whole conversation. A lot of times it's nuance. Yeah, for Sure. No, that's true, that's true. And you hear the whole conversation. But that's why I wanted to get your opinion on it.


But at the same time, I'm telling you as brilliant, you are at some point in time as black men. 'cause you gotta look at, listen, I worked in the music business and for, for 15 years of my career, I was clear Joe, I didn't know I was black, I was the black guy that did business with everybody. So when you get in those rooms, you start hearing how they try you, how they drop notes. So they, it's a really slick like what they call passive aggressive way of putting things in the air saying how Joe gonna feel for this. So they'll be in a staff meeting and be like, Jay-Z is really not gonna let anybody make money with him. So while we do business with him, a white man says that, what is he, what do you think he's saying that for? He's trying to read the room. Lemme see how these motherfuckers gonna react so I can know how far I could take it. So when you just like, yeah, he did it. They like, well educated man is saying he did it.


We can all say when you should say let's go through the due process. I love Hailey, I love DDG, but I always look at who's connected to who because they were young and in love, right? Somebody was in the house like this, how we gonna handle this? Right? DDG is a little nigga that just wants to fucking stream. That's all he wants to do is streaming rap. I don't know what she is. And and by the way, if you follow DDG, he talks about music streaming and his child and his Kids. That's all he cares about That lady. So, so at the so at some and another thing, Remember I didn not to say that he couldn't have done those things. No, that's my point. And by the way, I'm not saying that at all. I don't wanna say that. And I didn't say he didn't. I mean he did. Right. Well I began by saying this is why I begin from presumption that anybody, male or female, man or woman, I begin from if, if you say that you were abused, I begin from a premise of believing you but also investigating.


So we can find out. I don't think we should ever not investigate. Thank you for that man. I don't think we should ever say just because you said It is true, but historically when it comes to sexual assault in particular, if a woman said it, we, we begin from a presumption of don't believe prove you're not lying. Exactly. As opposed to what was your, your your, what was your initial reaction to Jesse Smollett? Same as It is now. Same. I, you know, I i i I don't know what It is meant. I'm trying to avenge that ugly attack that happened to him and I've gone looking for the MAGA people myself to help to liberate Yo Joe face. I Love it. Half the room was like this motherfucker, I ain't gonna hold you. I'm like it can't Be us. That's my, it can't Be us.


I Love it. And I are, are very, very cool. Yo, your network, network DM him when, hold up. Did you DM him when it first happened? Yes. No, I called him. Oh. Oh my god. Yo get miss the fuck outta here. The more it was one, it was almost like the Chappelle bit. I mean, I'll be honest with you. I mean I had two thoughts. One, my first thought, I spent a lot of time in Chicago. I've been in Chicago June 1st by way checked me out there also be a Saint Ano tonight. Oh God, shameless. Fuck. That was a but I go to ano, I mean I go to Chicago in June for a reason because as cold as fuck in Chicago, you never lied between September and like the day before.


I get there in June, may max. And then It is hottest balls from ju you know, facts. Yes, yes, Yes. So when he said at 3:00 AM he went to Subway and he walked for hours to get, especially at Subway Saying you're not, you're not walking to Subway, why would you, Who the fuck not even Uber. You're not walking To the car In Chicago. So it had nothing to do with race. It do with sexuality. Where Where did you stand on that Kevin Hart car accident? Kevin and I grew up like two blocks from each other. Mark, I don't from Philadelphia. That's, that's my answer. That's that's your, I Not understand the question there. That's Your bias. I'm telling you, I'm my man Miss Shout out to Kev. That's my nigga, man. Shout out to Kev. I, I I didn I didn't investigate that story.


I don't even know anything about it. I don dunno The details. Got it. Got it. Because we were still close. I was worried about his health. Good. Same. That's all I cared about. Thank God he was okay. But when it came to just, yeah, I mean when I thought about that que that for more than 35 seconds, I was like something. Honestly, it just didn't make sense to me. I said, first of all, I said there's only one thing I'm leaving a hotel in Chicago for pre-marriage at 3:00 AM And they ass, it's coming to You. Right. But I mean, but I could at least imagine a circumstance where I would go walking for some pussy at 3:00 AM when I was single for A subway sandwich. And you, and you were 21 too, I hope. Yeah, I'm talking about my twenties, not my third. I'm saying like, but he's younger than me too. So I was like, you know, Maybe no, I didn't understand that because you're a smart man. I don't want these other, but he did it.


I'm like, no, he did it in younger And it was a bad choice. It was a, it was, it's always a bad choice to do that. But I was like, he's too smart too, have much money and it's too fucking cold in Chicago. So I then said, I went from a thing of I believe And Subway, why? And, and Subway. Right. That was the other thing. And nobody's doing that for Subway. No sandwiches ain't that damn Good. Right. And the daytime ain't that good at all. So I was like, then I'm gonna focus more on supporting him. And I I did, I did, I did the first interview with, I did the first interview with him. Listen, I heard enough brother. No, no, no, please. I didn I didn't, I didn't ahead. I I did, I did the first interview with him on, on and during the pandemic about this. So what was the support? And I focused, the support was the due pro again as fucked.


I, I don't believe him. I didn't believe him. But I also didn't think he should go to jail for it. It just wasn't that big of a, it just wasn't that big of a crime to be for the state to be investing this much money. He Doesn't believe in anybody to go to jail. He doesn't believe Anybody jail. You have abolitionist. But I'm saying even if I believed in jail, just, it just seemed like a lot of resources to spend for a nigga who made a false police report. That's all I'm saying. It just seemed like a lot. Oh my God, I love you. It just seems like a, I just gotta ask you, do you think that is a lot for what Tory is in jail for? What happened for the crime? Do you think it's A lie? Remember I started with, okay, perfect. I'm just making sure. I think 10 years is way too much. Okay. Because, because to me that's my, my only problem is, is that, and I think he did it. It's like they hate you so much and it's like dog, he don't, I'm not saying niggas don't deserve to be punished, but y'all be wanting to hang her from a tree. You don't think Tory played into some of that? Of course he did. And that's part of why, I think that's part of why he went to jail.


Yes. But what I'm saying is that 10 he didn't show No type Of like he went in there arrogant. I'm being honest with you. I don antagonized. I don't, I don, I think he Himself, they gonna smoke your dumb ass for that ice. Ice. And I love Tory Music ice. I really thought to himself, man nobody got hurt. What the fuck they gonna really do? They just trying to scare me. Really believe that. He thought that. And then when he got that 10 years, It is like hold the fuck up. Y'all was serious. Yeah. Nobody even got hurt. For real. Like I really think that that's why he They got hurt enough. I mean, you know. I get it. I now y'all stuck with Meg music. Good for y'all. He still, he still, We good for y'all. We still getting dirty music. Y'all stuck with them. Slaps have at It Snakes more coming something Cobras and some shit like that.


Rattles and some we still holding us down. Hey y'all right social adjusters now listen to That Rattlesnake shit. You need shit man fuck y'all. Hey buddy Rattle And that's the bottom line. They gonna kick my Ass. I don't give a fuck nigga. I won A fuck. Holy shit. Oh man, yo, I'm so glad Mark came here early. Hell, yo, it's my Pleasure too. Yo, we would not have been able to do none of this without that bitch ass niggas dance that You take on everything. Yo. Make some, Hey make some For Mark.


Man. He killed that shit. Mark is always, well whoever he think is the weakest Marcus on socks. No, mark don't play boy. Nah, hold up. They playing with Who is that? Is Mark My Hill? Spu. Shout to Mark. That clip is so funny to me. Nah, you was in your bed. My boy Mark. They're not used to Mark talking like that. They used to hear him speaking about Al Ja ear and Gaza. You know what I mean? All this shit. Right And shit. Hey yo, What's up QueenzFlip, ty, There's a lot of niggas out here turning up.


You know what I'm saying? Dog, there's a lot of niggas out here turning up, making airwaves. We had a great episode. We don't need this, but go cook. That's I I mean they turned up making airwaves and I just feel like show love. I feel like we should show love. Yeah, show love. So do it. You don't need to to qualify, just do it show Love. I'm not, It is not about qualification, but it's about then show love. But the person that need to show love is you. But I do think they would just show love man, them niggas turn up out there. Niggas on fire, nigga flames, niggas walking flames. Know what I'm saying? And I think That off air, we was talking about Cardi responding to Rory and boy Who?


Rory. And, And I said listen And what'd you say? I like what? I like what Rory is doing out there. I ain't gonna lie to you. I like what I like, I like just RI like no, not just R don't be stupid R and de Mars. I like what Rory Ander. I like what Rory Ander is doing out there. I like it. They eating, eating, Heating up. They Heating up, You know what I mean? Anything from the Joe tree. I want the floor, the, the branches should be long extended. Did you, did you ever, did you let them know that? Did you speak to Rory or anyone of them? No. Okay. No I haven't. I mean, you know it won't be the, that won't be the first time you deal with something I've never did dealt with. You're dealing with the same shit that QueenzFlip nigga. Huh? I've never spoken To anybody. You're dealing with the same shit with QueenzFlip nigga.


I don know what you're talking about. I got a song everybody. My name is Ma. Huh? My name is Tall Nigga. Huh? Huh? My name is, I don't wanna say Fall. Yo Ray Daniels almost made Ray Daniels. Let me let the audience know. Ray Daniels and Amani almost made me mad. They showed you a picture. I think we had a great episode. We did. And Mark Lamont came in here early. Let me let the audience know. 'cause y'all be hyped when Mark is here on a Friday, Maine, this is a solid, when he does that, when he comes in on a Friday free Maine, I'm gonna pay you. Okay. I know we never spoke about it. I ain't see less. I ain't gonna fight You. Right.


I spoke to Mark yesterday. It was like, if you can make it, I'm not the most distinguished when it comes to charges against black men. I ain't, I'm about to say something foul, a trigger mail and we about to argue and fight. Mark is like, Thank you. It's probably as it I'm gonna do, bro. Thank you man. Mm. Mark. That's a, that's, that's gonna be a stick up with a flashlight in the daytime. Boy, you deserve it. That could be a stick up. You deserve it. Yeah, both deserve it. Mark does deserve It. He deserves to get stuck up and he deserved to get paid. Thank You. Flip. It was a good energy today. Yeah, No, no, don't check your subject real quick though. Oh, he almost got you mad 'cause he showed you something Right. And you were able to, to maneuver through it.


But I'm just letting you know you got a big problem with your hands with this QueenzFlip boy. I'm telling you. I'll let you know right now. You think you got problem with head with them mother niggas? This this boy right here. I have QueenzFlip locked into a 2027 at a locker ring. That's hilarious. Are you? Oh shit. I like Abu you watch your fucking mouth. I a bump of you nigga. The big red records watch. I like Isaac. I like Isaac niggas. What? What's that show we watch when they nigga dirty Isaac Hayes niggas back in the sta? Yeah, I'm like sta nigga, watch your fucking mouth yo. Shit, I'm letting you, I'm letting y'all yo, yo Danny Elevation. Who? Yo, I want to see clips.


I have QueenzFlip flip at a fixed rate till 2027. Hey actually that's what we should call 'em. Queens fixed not QueenzFlip You in your bag. It is a locked rate till 2027. Now we do gotta deal with when he has a hard out, like today when he say y'all I'm leaving. We gotta deal with that. But we gotta deal with it till 2027. Make some noise. Make some noise. Are you Queen Mark? I'm gonna lock in this summer. I'm gonna do like the Philadelphia Eagles and pay him ahead of time. I'm paying him sooner than when we supposed to pay him. But he's been such a tremendous fucking ad. So It'll be a write off. Huh? It'll be a write off then it Won't be a write off. You sure?


Yeah. No I'm watching a lot of your Moves nigga now. Yeah, yeah. Cut me Off for us to be able to afford Mark. 'cause Mark is taking this from the Joe button. Everyday struggle. Stick up complex so we can do a Friday show move. Mark is doing the Joe button move. I'm letting y'all know that in 2026 some of your favorite personalities will be here via Zoom. Now we gotta make room. We have to pay Mark. One thing that can't happen is we can't tell Mark we don't have And the new couches. And the new couches And It is nine of y'all. Everybody don't need a voice. And hold on. Some voices will be made available via Zoom.


You know What It is. And for 2026, woo. We had, you know what It is people, Hold on. We We, I got something. Y'all obvious sleep hu Up nigga. Oh you know what It is. The nigga realize he could Do it with with with less shit his mind. You know when shit start to kick in he start to look around and shit. Yeah nigga mighta, even though it was moving, how it was moving, he gotta figure some shit out. And I'm just sitting here watching it. I'm on the ride nigga. This shit like Joe Flags nigga. Huh? What's the shit that just took down the Cobra Co. What? King. King the co shit. Cobra Cop. Yeah. All that shit we here nigga. I didn't Realize what it could look like when you bring professionals to do the job. I didn really care. People that really care like when there's a large audience, they fucking worked all week about what they would say. You know what I mean? She worried no matter where you at, whether you from Atlanta, Ray Daniel, When she worried she be tapping her foot.


Big male. I ain't talking about acknowledge. Her nigga is already her nigga Mel is Already acknowledge her boy myself to be invaluable. Acknowledge my sense nigga. Acknowledge her Male is already gang, gang All good. I Got you. I need my 10% Also in order for us to successfully merge with Rory into marriage, I can't come with so large of a recruit. Hey. Right, Right. E no I'm lying. I can't come with nine Nick, Rory only come with the mayor. I ain't come with nine people. That's not right. Anyway, We gotta figure it out. Don't take this out nigga don't.


Yeah I Tell that Y been sleeping on hold it down. I'm not gonna go with lazy r and b as ice will put it today. I said sleepy time, sleepy time r and b as ice will put it. Ice is my man. Fuck what y'all talking about And anything with Isley Brothers, boys to Atlanta. Flip. You got me. Y'all niggas is lucky. I don't rap no more. I would call whoever did this beat and let my girlfriend have it over there. I ain't gonna, I ain't going to lie to You boy. Got some shit you Wanna get on. My God, if I had this S Right now, my god Yo, when you don't rap and you fighting with your girl, It is nothing to do.


You'll be like, You'll be just announced arguing looking stupid fucking like your word is equal to hers. No nigga, I rap. You don't make song, you make songs. Yeah. So anyway, this little number that's funny. I'm gonna play two Chainz. This joint is called featuring all The Isley Brothers. This joint is called the a TL experience. And boy shout out to shout out to College Park two Chainz. You boy. Oh yeah, that's, yeah that's it. Yeah. You can hear it right? Parks? Yeah go y. Oh shit. All my babies. I love my baby boy. Wait, wait, wait.


How many bars came? We, that's all just answer that question. Lemme ask, lemme answer it for you. Two Chainz spit a verse and then just let Ronald Cook for four minutes with guitars. Oh okay. Yeah, yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, THE ATL EXPERIENCE. Oh yeah, Tony going vibe.


Yo, you gotta be fucking kidding me. Two Chainz Be fucking Kidding me right now. Boy Mr Bro, what's my favorite dish preview to this? I admit that I'm really blessed. Boy. The shit popping O just like a Z. That's his common sense in the A. These young niggas crazy better on a stick try cops and them hell cats tearing up the strips. This young lady, she came to the A just so she can strip. I'm the boss so just listen up. Gave myself a raise, cut first night dancing at the club. Got one to Dr Face. How these niggas real but these niggas face. So she leaned a girl at the club.


They went on a date they had and she gained a trust, told them about safe. That ain't safe because the girl she whip boyfriend broke on a place in that. Remember Tony told you about the A. They going don lock your B. If you go into the bedroom then you better take your drink. If you can't find your wallet then you better call the bank the face and stab you in the back. In the A. Not only rappers but the triples got made back in the whole collection in the HI ray you better you protection in the you. That's your real connection in the talking. Real neglection, You ain't got no and your team don't have a championship.


So You right.


That's brand new music from two James. That's hard. Featuring Ronald Isley and Isley Brothers. That is from the short film Red Clay. And that record is called the A TL Experience. Shout. Shout to two Chainz, man. Shout James, what about rappers? Shout to James. We love you man. Come up here. Shout Out to James. Man. Hard. All right, I'm going back to this album again for another sleeper. This is easily my favorite album to drop this year so far. This is Don Trip and Starlito. This one is called Mitchell Lyness off of Stepbrothers for Life. Time to think about where we, and I just dunno where it, I know I said unblocking change my mind again.


Can't even try to pretend you ain't even trying to win. Can't even See that I changed you. Just say I shed skin. Sometimes I think about what we had and I just don't know where it went. Make amends or revenge. Look, I meant what I sent. I look better with you when I attend their event. I wasn't innocent. What about them? Fringe benefits I don't resent. Not a cent that I spent but tell your friends eat a dick. They probably want to anyway so busy keeping up with them. Meanwhile them hoes just in away. I was sending flowers, spa appointments, dinner dates. Get away. When that clear your heart ain't in it. Plus I need a mental break. You knew I was a dog. Big surprise. I went as stray. But you the one that fished the bone to send my phone. Still saved Prince Akeem. She's your queen.


Keep it clean in the face and silly. Not your soldier Slim sha my Yo Pussy throw back. And you know that. You know that Once upon a time I thought you fit the glass slipper. Turns out you one the Cinderella stepsisters hating on your friends. Same friends you call your sisters careful baby. You might blow a fuse or quick you switch up. I heard love is blind. Guess that's why I felt deceive. If that's how you treat your friends, you'll be even worse to me Sometimes you gotta let the heart bleed. They say nothing in this world comes for free. I agree.


Silly you for thinking I wouldn't let you lead. Come on bitch. I help you pack how many trash bags you need. I'm not even finna plead. You can even keep your key ahead of locks changed before you even reach the next street. You like a mix tape strictly for the streets. I try not to ruffle feathers. I want you to spread your wings so you can fly far, far away and not return PS to whom it may concern. I'm good though.


And that was Mitchell Ness by Don Trip and Starlito off of Stepbrothers for Life in your phone. DSPs, wherever you get your music from, go check that project out. It's amazing. I I am going to Buffalo and Yonkers. This is Benny the Butcher and Styles P off his Excelsior project. The song is Toxic. Shout out Benny Sad shit you know, you know buckshot like I'm B the butch coming goats too. Me. That is more Bonnie's than Sweeney tide. May you beat the case like you Johnny Depp European beast Amani sweats flow is like water.


If you ain't see a tsunami yet. Buffalo the yonks, the hammer is in the tiny bed. Money in the mat niggas ain't climbing Yet. Big my city. So it's so fair that I grow from there because came for the polar bear and the bad, this dirty weight I'm cooking back so right. I left the 38 and took the act. Second win. Fuck this. Y'all can never be friends. My host be Ebony skin, they give me head in the bend fresh from Paris. I'm a new whips and extra charact. Keep smoking, playing old biggie trying to catch the spirit. You know that. You Know who's coming. You the butcher nigga and he came for the pushing niggas and you know the style we with the hookers nigga and you know the style we with the nigga let shine niggas.


If the front let's hook the nigga. If the niggas let's cook the nigga. If that is well well let's hook nigga come from Buffalo. Me, I'm from Yonkers. But a still pack a gun that'll knock down a buffalo nerve. Better turn in the haw like my don't wrestle but I fly like I'm more for the term Buffalo top one top gun never did no ma shit. All I know you fronting my hood. I'm not having it. Lilac seats in the Porsche paint lavender niggas trying to act like a savage but they a scavenger. It is the kid who made a knot where my block did from me. Now I got more songs than the locks with Diddy. Y nigga sounded confused. It's too late when the gun hammer hitting the sound of my shoes, the only sound in the room.


They tell me I should be grateful because I used to be on fan probation playing with a bankroll mind. Hold my ankle. I'm tired. So you gotta talk grinding when you talk nigga because me and money don't sleep like New York City. The butcher coming, You know who's coming nigga niggas, you know the style we with the hookers nigga and you know the style. We want the cookers nigga. And we let the shine for the Looking Niggas. If the plumps are the front, let's book the nigga. If the niggas is fool, let's cook the niggas. If that wave is well, well let's hook nigga. I'm playing Griselda, watching Griselda. Pray for the seeds El I move work, pop off, pick the she up.


We a mile away. But I bet you that you could smell us. We smell like money and a niggas lighting the ELs up. We don't give a fuck. There's nothing that you could tell us the but coming but ghost nigga sandwich from a dead man. Bet you going shoot nigga can't tell You anything except how hurt that you on. But they don't know I had to play every first by the store or high alert for the law watching my block. As soon as they pull up skirt, then I'm gone. You know that we're getting to, I never speak on your set while beef on the neck because niggas on my team to judge want to lethal and inject. It is not a secret. You move discrete when you keep getting checked. These niggas mad and be me. So I keep getting threats. Butcher and the Ghost nigga, You know who's coming That is Toxic.


Benny the Butcher and Styles P off the Excelsior project shot to both of them. Style got me hype this week. So I had to got a shout out Benny. I ran into him at the, at the Snoop Premier a couple days ago. I Benny's the man man's my nigga. That's my Dog. He's a solid guy for sure, For sure. Like Benny just a really good guy. Like absolutely, absolutely. You had your death row pass on. Excuse me? You had your death row pass on or no? I don't. I don't need a death row pass sir. You go that's my move. I don't, I don't, yeah, I don't do any of that. And you said styles Jim Jones has responded. Oh Asie, what'd he say? The difference between me and the mother old heads is my motion is present day. Your motion was yesterday. I say that with all due respect.


Facts is facts. Drop something. Stop telling me what you used to used to do. You used to be one of my favorite rappers. I used to have a flat top. LOL. Okay, so listen forward. Got it? Yeah. All right Ice. What'd you call the music that you didn't want Joe to play? Nah, didn didn't say didn didn't want Joe to play. Play What we want. What'd you call it? Oh, sleepy time r and b. All right, well some sleepy time fucking r and b. This is Video Fantasy Dream Girl by June Tober. Oh, I see What you did there. Yeah, y'all do Y thing.


I wanna, I wanna take a picture for You. My favorite post, I'm his favorite girl. I'm his So The one that now that you, You right you are my dream.


God you have never, never seen you before.


Be your, That is June Tober with Video Fantasy Dream Girl by our own resident Video Fantasy Dream Girl Melyssa Ford. Thank You very much. Thank You very much. You're very welcome. No yo. So this song I heard on the internet going to Indiana Big row Decisions. It's going viral.


The decisions you gotta be with niggas huh? To my right next to me. Niggas driving. He ain't no need to light me. Woke the beasting me off the leash, the time to plate. I sta my demon say cut me deep. Help my own got something to prove for my son. I never fool. He try to do better. Got something to lose. He don't give a fuck.


Who you See that don't know why he tried to play. How about where he with some wicked decisions You looking like so fool. Alright play with them. Pistol ka vision. The trenches are planted. My roots, they saved them leaving decision and making good niggas to dive. He did. Huh? He gotta be where they can. Niggas right next to me, niggas get dropping. Try to stay away from beefs inside of my people. You right next dropping trying to stay away from beef inside of my people.


We bitch s like who Them living decision to making good niggas to die every day. Huh? My city gotta be where can niggas, so Mike right next to me, niggas get dropping, try to stay away from beefs inside of my people.


Decision make running my city gotta be right next to me. Niggas get driving. Try to stay away from beefs inside of my people. Let's as big Rob decisions, shout to Indiana. Six is a beat. I think so. Oh my fault. Yeah it Parks help me out man. I could be wrong. I could be wrong. Mark has a seven minute sleeper. Mark is sleeping and mark is actually asleep. Holy shit yo. And that is amazing. This is Bilal Sometimes I'm gonna go ahead and do your job for you sleepers.


No you go ahead and get your rest. Mark is out here. Go ahead man. Get your rest man. No worries. You carried up this far man we go. I'm throw back Bil sometimes I'm not playing the full. Do we have to play seven minutes of it? Okay, I'll be this after two minutes and 25 seconds. Yeah. Wonderful. Streaming rules.


I wish I wasn't me Album. Sometimes I Wish I, I saw the exit sun First. Wish I knew the truth. I wish I could see what I never Saw and I Never did.


I could. I wish my eyes wasn't so red. I wish I had breakfast. Some bed Brand new.


Hey slim, you should be nicer than you are. Sometimes you take that complaining shit way Too far. It's hard. I mean Thought It was cute in the beginning but now I think you only do because you know I hate sometimes you got me wishing I didn't have home training sometimes Then It wouldn't hurt me so bad.


It Is Bilal sometimes there's many more minutes of got the gist. That boy can sing though. Yeah, absolutely. Yes he can. I love Boah. Yes he can. Man. Shout to Boah and the Soulquarians. Good shit y'all. Yes sir. And the best nigga I ever seen Sing Off the Door, off the Ducey. The who? Know who Or the zone Ucci.


You been watching Godfather Harlem. That's what you been watching. I know, I know. Hey that shit get too. Hey I did start Godfather Harlem. We good this season? Yeah, this, this, this season. What up? Actually somehow I missed the finale of last season. I had to go back What? I had to go back the last episode I saw the last season was them throwing the daughter out on the street. Doped up. I didn't see Malcolm and Oh you ain't See you missed the whole damn near season then? No, It was only one episode. You missed a little. You missed a bit. Oh. Oh well I'm on The new season now. You missed a bit. You missed a bit bro. I'm on the new season now. That's all. That's all I know. Bump B Johnson there now Flip you up. You awake? Yeah man. Yeah man.


Mark. You awake y'all? I Alright good Show today y'all. Yes Sir. Yes sir. Thank You for joining us. I went from visitor to family. He gave me that right. Real quick. Thanks. You did great. Thanks Cliff. You did amazing. I love Ray up here man. Thank you. That your Third time up here ain't it? Yeah. Didn't you do two last time? Yeah, I did kill Mike and then Yeah man. Appreciate. Shout. Shout to good brother Ray Shout Appreciate everybody in the a again, shout to Mark for joining us early. Shout to Ish, our brother ish here with us in spirit.


Sure. Hopefully everything is cool with him. Our sister, big Mel didn't have to be on a Friday. Came in blessed us, got an early exit 'cause we got a, I mean get right for that shit. She ain't invite her brothers to but I hope Can we watch it? I hope you kill that shit. I don't think, is there a stream link that we can watch that I'll Find Out in group chat group like you did that Jason Tatum. Shit, I think we might win a Golden Globe today guys too. I mean that. I think. I think we got it. We got it. We, I think we did it An Inaugural war. We got it. Me too. Yes sir. Podcast one. Yeah, we Got shit. Especially since people on the ball are going through legal troubles like now would be the time. Right. Hello?


Yo, what the fuck? Yeah, what's so wrong with you man? It's, it's, it's up road with you. It's, It is okay. Okay Fine. Alright. It is over. It's over. It's over. It's over. Do we done? We done man. Really good broadcast today man. Shout to the Golden Globes. The boy to the Golden Globe. The C-suite over there. Yo. Keep us in your bridge. Lord knows we need to be there. Chill the next time we bid you a dude. Farewell Adio Riva OA. A so long about simple head no to fight.


Remember life is a series of moments and moments. So let's make this one last as if it's all we go goes. Lastly, remember the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel in the close mind that women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol, you might need it until the next time. Stay safe, stay dangerous. Alright, Anybody doing anything interesting this weekend Up?


I'm going to the show. Anything we could exploit for entertainment purposes. What we doing? We on do a show. That's about it. What kind of show? Arby. Rina. I'm not sure if you're familiar. Witha? Yeah I like her. Yeah she's Out. Okay. I celebrating the kids' birthday man. Nice up. You said what? Celebrating the kids' birthday. Hey that's right. Little little man. Turn six. I'll be down in Philly at Malcolm X Park. Everybody, if you in Philly today, Saturday come down to Malcolm X Park for Malcolm X hundredth birthday Celebration. Okay, that's what's up. That's fine Joe. What you doing This weekend? Not too much. I'm hoping that the Knicks did they, they thug fizzle last night, right?


Oh actually Sunday I am running to Boston. My stepson is doing some football shit out there to the as dope go to. So that's dope. I'm gonna head up here man. No matter what's going on with me and my baby, I'm mad out there. That's my baby. I love you baby. Oh man. Next weekend my youngest son Lex is his best friend's birthday. Happy Birthday Vincent. And I told Cynthia's ass that if Lex Mix misses this party, It is gonna be hell to p. Guess what she did? You guessed it. Double book. Oh. Sent me a text yesterday. Hey I got, he's got another party to go to your dog. I don't give a fuck about that party. Nah, Nah, nah.


He's gotta go to Vincent party. Talk about Vincent. Yeah, See now go ahead. Let Lex not be a Vincent party on time. I know, I know that. It is gonna be hell to pay Happy Birthday to Vincent. And that's it man. Y'all enjoy your weekend. Enjoy your family, enjoy your friends, your loved ones. The people. Hey get around some people that really love you. Appreciate you. There you go. Build you up. You know what I mean? Let's do that this weekend and go six go down. Right. I ain't gonna say that. No, we nervous. Go wait, we nervous a little bit. Gotta say I can't.


One time My square won. Let me yo listen and can't, I can't do it in traditional Nick's fashion. Y'all gonna fuck it up. It is normal for a Nick fan to be nervous right now. Absolutely. It is totally normal for Nick, for old Nick fans to say yo, here we used to how the Knicks normally do things and we're a little afraid The difference today. Two words saying with me. Jalen Jalen Brunson. Brunson Brunson already. I was hoping he gonna say two words. We've never had a Jalen Brunson. Charles Oakley is somewhere in Westchester saying the same thing. You know he can't go by the garden. Shout to Oak Pat Ewing is saying it. We've, the Knicks have never had somebody that, especially after a loss at the Guard is averaging 34, 35 points 36 after 36.


36. So I'm trusting in Jalen Brunson right attitude. That's our team captain. He took a pay cut, let's hope he leads us to the promised land. And that's that man. And I'm hoping that Ace Bailey works out in Philadelphia. It's not a hate thing for me. Yeah look, I hope so too. I'm hoping that Ace Bailey works out. Shout to Ron Harper, his son The Spurs said they definitely keeping him. Listen, we'll talk sports later. That show on TikTok that is doing the imitations of first take. I think it's last take. And they they now doing Cam and Mace too. If they are unsigned, where is he in that? What the fuck is going on? I gotta talk to these guys. That serious. I show you I met, I met one of 'em niggas.


They are all the way fire. Yeah I met one of them That show y'all Put me on about The Mormon wives whatever. Season two just started. This shit is ridiculous bro. Yeah, Thank you by The way. Mel, what's up with you? How was them two? What it look like in LA this weekend hitting that kaan? What we doing about to be outside some new work? What we doing? What we doing this weekend? Big mail we doing, we we making appearances. We in the hookah spot with some new work. Hey, I ain't that time for fucking hookah. I got bigger fish to fry. You got no of hookah. You got top new work big Savannah. She's so awkward.


Yo. Till the next time. Peace, love, health, wealth and prosperity. Don't forget your Joe button seats. We gone wait. J-B-P-J-B-P Without the P Cast your votes. Who is that? Who is that? It Is.