
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


Today's guest is a comedian, an actor, a writer, and a director known for some of the funniest shows that anyone has ever seen. He's going into his fourth season and final season of Righteous Jim Stones, which just kicked off on HBO Vice Principals, eastbound and down. He's a legend and he's one of the most requested human beings ever to be a guest on this show. I'm grateful to spend time with Mr. Danny McBride.


You already filmed a few of these today, or is this just, am I the only lucky guy today? Only guy. Look at us. This is amazing. So thank you for your time. Yeah. Kidding me. We Good? Yep. Sick. Is this gonna have where all of our lines are what we have to say in the interview? That'll be up there. Yeah. That'll be so good. That's actually not a bad idea. If the whole interview were scripted, man, that'd be fricking pretty amazing, man. Good to see you today. No, I got this. Fuck. There's a place called Matcha Luther King that I went to and I was like, sick. This is it Just like, is that a, like, are we at that level where you're taking a guy like that and turning it into like a ton? Making money? Yeah. Matcha Luther King. Yeah. It Was cool. But it was just like, you know, they have The, I have a cream drink.


It's just like a cream coffee. I'll have a medium. Yeah. As motherfuckers. That's crazy. Dude. Good to see you today. Danny McBride. Thanks for hanging out. We're On. This is happening. We're doing It, huh? Yeah. Is it okay? Perfect. I was waiting for this. Yeah. Yeah. I just definitely just having one of those days where it's like my skin feels all dry and stuff, you know? Wonder why that is. I don't know. I don't know how hydration became like the hot thing in the past 10 years. Is that it? People only started drinking water and hydrating in the last 10 years. You think I, it's more prevalent if people like stay hydrated and stuff. I just think it feels more, it's more popular for sure. You're in Burbank though.


Yours? This dry climate out here dries you out. Yeah, it may might be true. It's Not like Charleston, South Carolina. It's always balmy. Yeah. Sweaty. Oh yeah. Wet. Oh dude. I went to CFC for a semester. Did You really? Yeah. The College of Knowledge. Yeah, Baby. I used to live on King Street over there. Right across. They had a Bay Bay store over there. It was like women's fine clothing or something. Unfortunately, I don't think it's still there. Or body textiles or something. They had a place called Silver Dollar. Yeah. Bar that we used to go to. Yep. I've been to that place before. Have you? Yep. Yeah. Boy, Charleston's a pretty fun spot. God, it's great. Except I took a girl on a tour. One of the, it's, I mean, it's one of the, I think it's one of the five most unique cities in America, I think.


Totally. And I took a girl on like a carriage tour or whatever, and it was a, it was a black girl I was dating at the time. And a lot of, it's kind of, it gets a little, you know, some of the history around there is, oh Yeah, they got some history around There. It's some risque history. So like in a certain point I'm just, I'm like trying to tip the driver early. Like, dude, just tell me like, just, Can we change this to a ghost tour maybe? Yeah. Yeah. So, but dude, it's so fun there. And you go out to like the beach and stuff there. Do you guys spend time on the beach? Or what is your life like There? We do, I live by the beach and then, yeah, we're on the water all the time there. That's like the beauty of that city. You got all that water, you got all those good restaurants. The people are nice. Yeah. It's, it's a pretty, pretty sweet spot.


Yeah. And it's good. The, and you can kind of learn to surf there. People don't realize that you can kind of learn to like baby surf there. Yeah. There's just enough little wave action. Just the perfect little waves. Yeah. Do you ever get out there on them? I think I'm too top heavy to surf. I'm more of a, of a, of a body boarder. Yeah. You ever seen big heavy dudes try to surf? It's really, it's, it's hilarious. Easy. It's like Mr. Potato head body out there. Yeah. Trying to surf the, the aerodynamics are off. Yep. Yeah. Why don't they have, who's coming out with the big boy board? You know, big and tall needs a surfboard. I Feel like this, you have to just go all in on the boogie boarding. Like, no, I'm good at this. I'm, this is what I'm all about.


I could stand up on this thing, but I choose not to Dude. But is there anything a little bit dicier than being an an adult boogie boarder? Like at a certain point? Yeah. Yeah, it's true. It's, you're not gonna pick up any new fans doing it. And your Wife, the wives are always just standing in the distance. Like just waiting for Shaking heads. Yeah. Like I'm in it for the children. You know? I brought you a present today. Did you really? Yeah. I always like to share new products that I find useful in my life. And this is a dick laser. Oh damn. What it is is it's like a laser pointer that is a dick that projects dicks. Oh really?


Yeah. So if anyone's running their mouth too much in here. Look at your shoe. Look what I put on your shoe right there. Whoa. That's cool. That's pure cock, huh? It's pure cock. There's some variable settings on there too, I think, where you can kind of change what nasty stuff you put. That's the, that's the PG end right there. That's just your light. The other end is where you get the dick right there. Oh, So this is where you find a suspect like that? Yeah. And then the other one's where you embarrass him. Wow. Dude, thank you bro. Yeah, You're welcome. I think you could use that anytime. Anyone's talking too much in here. You just throw one of those across their forehead and it'll shut 'em up fast. Yeah. Or if you see an old guy, you put a limping on him just to fucking, I make my cats chase it around the house.


It's pretty, pretty useful. Oh yeah, dude, there's nothing cooler. Nutsy and some cats chasing a little cock around. Those are the good old days, you know, bro. Thank you. This is so nice, man. I've had two really neat gifts and this is definitely good. One of Them cherish it forever. Very, very sweet of you. Was your neighborhood cool growing up? Or was it like in a city? I know you grew up in Georgia. I know that I was born in Georgia, but Oh, you grew up in Virginia. Sorry. Yeah, Virginia. I was born in Georgia and then we actually, I spent a few years after that. My dad was a, was a guard in the prison at Lompoc in Lompoc, California. So I lived for a few years on the prison reservation outside of the prison where like all the people lived Whose parents worked in the prison.


What all the like prison family, like you, those children lot, all types of, I bet it's pretty diverse over there. Was it? It was pretty tough crowd. Yeah, it was crazy. And I lived there and then my dad got transferred to the Federal Bureau of Prisons in DC and so that's when we moved to Virginia. Is it scary being this child of somebody that works at a prison? Like what's that kind of energy like? You know what, I didn't really kind of get it until like, I mean this was like, I'm talking like real little, like I moved out of there and we were like in kindergarten, but Oh yeah, pre. I can remember though, one night the alarms going off and like my dad came in and like rounded me and my sister up and we had to go into their bedroom and shut the door. And I like looked out the window and it was just my dad with the shotgun going outside, jumping in the back of a pickup truck with all my friend's dads.


There was like a prison break and they were going to go Dang chase the dudes down. It was like, ooh, this is some real shit right here. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, bro. God, that's cool. Yeah. 'cause I wonder if you'd be like, like if you're dad, I guess he doesn't bring work home. 'cause that would be like having an inmate come over for dinner or Whatever. I think if he brings work home, there's a big problem. Yeah. I, we grew up by this. It was like a prosthetic kind of not factor I guess. I think it was hoping that like after the war, like Prosthetic King would scale up or whatever, but so, but it never really did. But they had a lot of, they give us like the use, like the fucking, you could get 'em out back sometimes. The used ones, the ones that didn't Use prosthetics, ones that people didn't want.


Yeah. Returns or ones that were, they did to, they didn't, it's not like veneers, but when they just didn't do the edging right on it or something. Or the hand was too small for the guy who ordered the Pinky was too sharp. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like, whoa, whoa. Yeah. Can't even hug my wife with this. Yeah. But we would, yeah, you'd have people like, or it would be two middle fingers. Some, you know, Gure fan would get like one with two middle fingers on it. Yes. But that was something that was always funny around us. 'cause you'd see like people would chase each other with different little appendages or you'd see fucking somebody, you know, not hit their wife but throw a hand at her, you know, or something. It was cool That you knew where to find those, those rejects. That's good. It was fun. It just made things fun. Or you see like somebody try to break into a car, but not using their own fingerprints.


Like try to, It's Brilliant. Yeah. Just type shit like that. Commit crimes. I like it. Yeah. It's just, it was a different time. But, but yeah. I miss that a lot. I bet you you have influence. You could probably get fake hands with two middle fingers still if you wanted to. I bet. Yeah. That's a good one. I think somebody can send 'em your way. They need that though, dude. Especially with just how the things are going these days. It's like, I think you almost want two middles. Yeah. I feel like with the state of the world, we, we all definitely need more middle fingers. Yeah. Yeah. We don't have enough. Do you, I know since you live over there in Charleston, do you stay out of like, I, I know that You don't have social media and stuff like that. You just keep all that stuff outta your life. I really do. Yeah. Like when we shot vice principals, Walton Goggins and like Busy Phillips, they were on there and they were all, they, they were involved with social media and they were kind of telling me, you gotta get in there.


It's awesome. And so I like had an Instagram account for like a matter of a few months and was like, fuck this. Yeah. I felt like it was a gateway for just crazy people to be able to reach out and touch. So I, yeah, it just wasn't that, I don't know. It wasn't, it wasn't my deal. Some people I know are amazing at that stuff, but yeah, it just didn't feel like a natural fit for me. Yeah. And so, but that's, it's just good that you like, recognize that. Yeah. It's kind of addicted and it makes you feel bad. I think sometimes some things are nice to see 'cause it feels inspirational, but then sometimes you're just like, it's, yeah, you're keeping up with this kind of weird void. It feels like. I liked it. I liked it purely, the only thing I miss about is I like seeing bum fights. I like seeing all the school yard fights.


That was, I liked seeing fights. Yeah, that's what I liked to see on there. Oh yeah. They have everything. They even have gauze on there now, so it's fucking, it's upscaled. It's upscaled a lot. Do you miss like, like being, when I, when I was a kid, like things were dumb. Like shit was just, you could be funny all day who you didn't give a shit. Like somebody had noodles or something when you got home. Like there was just shit was possible. Right. Somebody had noodles when you got home Or there was just like, everything was gonna kind of be okay. Do you miss, like, but I noticed as I get older, I just, my brain doesn't even come up with like, some of the ideas and stuff that I had when I was a kid. And like, like do you notice any of that for yourself? Like that you felt like your humor was different then?


Or that humor changes as you get as you get older? I just feel like, I feel like if you're creative, being bored is good sometimes. Right? And I feel like sometimes with these phones, with all this information all the time, it, your brain is just constantly occupied by other people's noise. And so I felt like when I kind of turned that stuff off, I, I just felt like there was all of this noise that just went away. Hmm. And that all my stupid ideas could flourish. I could make jokes about noodles. Anything was possible. Yeah. That's a good call, man. Yeah. It's like, yeah. 'cause maybe sometimes I think I miss that is what I miss. I almost miss feeling. I know this sounds weird. I almost miss feeling dumb a little Bit. Yeah. Not knowing about everything that's going on in the world.


Yeah. And not wearing all these things on my face that aren't even of my own life, kind of in a way, you know, and I had this weird thought about the other day, like say if like you're a parent and you're always seeing like these cute things that kids do on TikToks and different things. I wonder if it affects the way a little bit. Like if your kid isn't as boisterous or isn't like, does it like, I don't know, like just, I, I don't know. I thought about like, it takes almost all of our, like some of our good mo like our good reactions or the things that are kind of supposed to be reserved for kind of real people in our lives. Does it start to like, take those reactions to those people? Does it make any sense?


I mean Yeah, No, it totally does. I, I feel I you'll see people on there that are going on these beautiful vacations and you're like, damn, how do they know about, how do they know to go to these places? Yeah. I don know this. Like, you start comparing all these things in your world to what you see there. I mean, I, I'm not someone who's like, I'm not against it all. I think that there's also awesome stuff with just anyone being able to have a voice. Oh yeah. And anyone being able to reach people that have, what's it called? But yeah, I think for me, I just kind of, I saw that it probably wasn't gonna be the best thing for me, so I just didn't participate. Fuck. That's brave though. You almost like, damn Christopher Columbus. I feel like you just don't see a lot of it. It's cool, man. I, I'm waiting for it to go extinct and I don't think it ever will. So now I'm just, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like the Amish man.


I'm just pretending like none of these advancements are there, dude. I'm just in my house making rocking chairs and selling, you know, taffy. Is that what you do Or is that what you spend your time? Do you have some good hobbies? Actually, You know, I need to get some hobbies. I don't have good hobbies. I think my hobbies were always like making stuff. Like when I was a kid I'd make movies or write stuff and then once that became my job, then people are like, what are you into? It's like, I, I I guess just my job is what I'm into. But that's what's beautiful about Charleston. There you can get on that water, you can get outside and so that stuff is great. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, I had a roommate over there. We would drink so much gin and tonics and just wet the bed all the time over there. Lot of bed wetters in Charleston.


Beautiful. People were like, I'm on the sailing team. It was like, sure you are brother. You better fucking put a catamaran it between you and your wife. Dude. Dude, what was, oh, you know who I saw yesterday? Speaking of social media, the Grizzler. You ever seen this kid? Oh, I've seen the Grizzler. Yeah Dude, I met him in person. Yes. I'm having dinner. Right. I was having dinner. I look over and, and it's a kid and you don't wanna look for too long. 'cause it's like, it's just not something you do. And look at him. Look at 'em, dude. Oh, and you got a pick with him too. I love it, man, Bro, I was so excited. And I, I, but it's kind of weird 'cause you don't want to be like, I'm talking to a kid or whatever. And then, but definitely, dude, I'll say this.


Wait, Where were you guys at? Is that Craig's? I Went to Craig's Dinner. The Whistler's just hanging out at Craig's. Huh? Well, it blew my mind. There was like some guy in there who like had like overdosed on age or something, like some super old guy. He was like, I'm a producer, you know, he was like, I produced the Mayflower or whatever. I was like, that was a fucking boat. That was a boat in 18 hundreds. But, but yeah. Anyway, this was like, this is the coolest thing that ever happened. So I was so excited and not to snitch on him or whatever. First of all, he had two Pepsis or whatever past 8:00 PM which I think he Is. Yeah. That's late. He's gonna, the bedtime stories won't work work anymore. They'll, you'll be up all night. Yep. Yeah. That's a little late. And some people have, some people say his grades have been suffering.


And I'm like, well, I think he's evolved past grades. Right. He's never gonna have to learn anything. He's just gonna be able to do whatever he wants in this world, I think. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. My son is, my son watches all this stuff, so he keeps me up to date on who's who. Yeah. The grizzler, you know, he's, he's, he shows me the ways. Oh, that's Cool. Yeah. Yeah, it was definitely nice. I mean, it was just neat to see him. It was interesting to be impressed by a child, but he's kind of like the McCulley culkin of like their generation it seems like, you know, I mean, maybe that's a reach, but that's it. But yeah, he was fucking eating at Craig's with some, it just like, it was very bizarre. And I asked him a question and he just started doing his arms like that. Did he do his little move to you?


Did he give it to you or? No, I don't think I got it. I think he, I mean, I'm an adult and I shouldn't have really been talking to him, so I think I a little, and the weird thing is you see all these adults looking at him, it's just gotta be so weird to be him. It it does, it's like he's this generation Shirley Temple. Yeah, he really is. Yeah. Yeah. He's an Italian Shirley Temple, but he definitely looks like, yeah, his, yeah, I just heard his grades have been suffering. And I even was like the dad, I was like, somebody said he is had issues in social studies and he looked at his dad like, you've been telling people Yeah. Why you talking about my Grades? That was kind of interesting. My friend and I made a movie, David Spade and I wrote a movie. Thank you for inspiring people to like, create, just kind of create stuff on their own. Oh, that's great.


Yeah. I have some buddies who I think Steve Little was in it. Yes, Yes. That's great. Did you guys have fun with him? Oh, he was the, he was the best. Maybe him and Chris Elliot were like the best people that came in It, man. That's great. Yeah. Steve Little is such a, he's such a good dude. And he's so incredibly funny. He's so sweet too. Yeah. Sweet and kind. I love him. He's like a, just like a teddy bear that's been like, not in a halfway house, but definitely like, like bootcamp, like could have been a wrestler type of energy. Like Yeah. And he's fearless. He'll do anything. He was like, just, yeah. It was awesome just for him to be in there. Did you cast for him? Like were you the picker for him? Yeah, I was the picker. Yep. Yeah, when we wrote the pilot for Eastbound and we had that role, you know, we were, we just went to like, you know, we went through the regular casting process and honestly like, as soon as I saw him then that's like where that character kind of like blew up then.


Like there was no intentions when we first wrote that, that that character would be such a big deal in the show. But it was seeing how genuinely funny he was and how cool he was. Then every season just became like, what can we get Steve to do this year? And he, he never shied away from any of it. He was always game, he'd always take it much further than we ever imagined. Yeah. He was amazing. Yeah, he, he's special and he drank outta those little, you know, those little creamer cups. I saw him drink a couple of those in a row. Me and him went down to Guadalajara, Mexico, I guess it was beginning of last year I was launching this tequila brand, Don Gato. And I got him to come down there with me and we shot these ads for it. And after the first day of shooting, I came down to the hotel bar and he was just there with a pad and paper.


And I'm like, what are you doing? He's like, I'm handwriting my mom a letter. Tell how, tell her how much fun I'm having here. I was like, that's what I love about Steve Little, he hand writes his mom letters. Yeah. It's a special person who does that. Yeah. Yeah. He definitely seems like a hug that got left somewhere but rescued. That's Right. That's right. Yeah. We texted a little bit after I gotta touch base with 'em and say, Hey. But that was just crazy. And it's just crazy. Like you see people and you're like, oh, this works for casting. Because we would've friends that would send in videos and some of them are like, audition tapes and then you're like, oh man, that's my friend. But it just doesn't fit for this thing. It's just not the right fit. Yeah. It's like, it's super specific kind of to watch. Because I used to just put in audition tapes and I would never get booked for anything.


And I was like, but then this time we're getting the videos in 'cause we're doing the casting. You're like, oh, first of all thought of it. I see why I never got anything. Like my shit was fucking very obtuse. But then, but then you'd have friends that would send a role and you're like, oh, this is almost perfect. Or this would be kind of risky, but it might be adventurous. It was, that was probably one of the most fun things I think about creating something. Yeah. And it, it, that, that casting is definitely fun because stuff can just take a new life on and, and you're right, it's one of those deals where someone can be really good and you can kind of tell instantly whether it's the right fit or not. Not even based on their talent, but like whatever ideas you had in mind for what that character looked like or how they talked. And yeah, you can kind of tell instantly when someone comes in like, yep.


Or nope. You know? And I think that's a hard gig, man. Just, I've been lucky that I have like, tried to write most of the things that I've done. But yeah, just being an actress to show up constantly and put yourself out there in that way. It's, it's tough man. It is hard. And Drive over there and be depressed while you're driving over there trying to do your lines and be in traffic, Sitting in a lobby where it's a bunch of dudes who look kind of like you sucks. Yeah. Oh God, dude. Yeah. That was some of the tough, like, I did that for probably six or seven years probably. And I never had any hope that I was gonna get, I I almost did it. I think. I don't even know why I was doing it. I think you're just in LA also when you're young enough, you have the energy to do it.


Totally. With Fist foot way. You didn't write that right. Jody Hill Rotter, Me and Jody wrote it Together. Yeah, you wrote it together. And you got shot that on, on super 16 or No, Super 16. Yep. Okay. And you made that without going through SAG and stuff, right? No, it was totally independent. I think we shot it for about 70 grand, shot it in like a little less than three weeks. And yeah, it was all just buddies. Everyone just came down there to do it. And yeah, I mean it was, we had, Jodi and I had both lived in LA for a few years at that point. And, you know, neither of us had found like any real success and so it was sort of a hail Mary of just like, all right, let's just see if we can kind of do this on our own.


And what, what do you, what do you notice that's easier about doing a film like that or doing something where you have to go through all the where, where everything is more, you know, guilds and all of that. You know, if you're at a place where you can afford the guilds, then you already have a leg up. You know, you're already kind of in the zone. That thing there was like, there's no one trying to help us make it. There's no one, you know, they're not, they don't care about it not being the guilds 'cause they just don't ever think it'll see the light of day. So Yeah. You know, every bit of that is a fight because not only do you have to kind of get the resources and figure out how to do it and how to talk people into coming and doing it when there's no upside for them. But then even once it's done, there's no guarantee that anything will ever happen with it, you know? And so I think that can be pretty discouraging for people sometimes.


Yeah. Yeah. It's definitely interesting. Like, we got, we made this movie and now we're figuring out, like we wrote in everything we funded ourselves. So it's super scary. 'cause you're like, all you really have Right now is this piece of debt kind of. Yeah. But then, and then it's like too long Right now. It's just like, we gotta figure it out. It just seems like it's, I don't know, the whole thing's been super fascinating. Yeah. It's a, it's a crazy process. And now especially the entertainment industry's changed so much and yeah, it's all risk it seems like these days. Yeah. Do you, do you envy things about the entertainment industry Right now? Like as opposed to whenever you kind of first got into it? You know, what I feel I find interesting is like I, you know, I went to film school in North Carolina, that's where I met Jody Hill and a lot of the guys I work with.


And you know, in the nineties there was just like such a, a healthy, independent like film market. I mean, you were going to film school and you're seeing guys like Tarantino and you know, Kevin Smith and all these dudes are just like making stuff that's pretty simple and it's not requiring massive budgets and they're f finding audiences. And so it was inspiring. You felt like you could do it. Like you were like, anyone could do it. And it's kind of funny that it was much harder to make an independent film then. I mean, you had a shoot on film, you had a, like, there was all these elements of things that were super expensive. Oh yeah. And it seems kind of crazy that with technology it should be easier than ever to make something independent. But it feels like the market is like not as healthy as it used to be.


And yeah, it's kind of disappointing. Yeah, I think. But yeah. And then, but something new will come out of it, right? That's how you kind of think, like how does this evolve? What happens next? You know, that sort of thing. Was there a movie that you like, like that you may, that you wrote or that a roll or some little piece of something that you wanted to do that once you started to get a little older? 'cause some of the, I I'm like, fuck, this thing would've for me would've been great like seven years ago I think I could have pulled it off, but now it's too, like, do you ever think like that? Like was there some, like, was there something you had you're like, fuck, now I'm gonna have to ca ca cast somebody to do it instead of do it. I, It's so hard writing stuff that most of the time when I have written something, it's been with the intention of going and making it.


I only have a few things that I've written that I didn't kind of move on, but most of 'em were just because it, I, it wasn't any good and it wasn't something to kind of pursue. But luckily all the stuff I've really put my energy into, I've been able to see it to fruition in some way or another. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. 'cause that's what I think about. Like, I had this idea for this thing, it was like sinkhole baby, right? Like a guy like the sole survivor of a sinkhole, right? Yeah. Sink Cole Baby in a, in a small town, right? And people are like, they fucking love him 'cause he made it 'cause God picked him and he, and at the cafe, they even have like, they'll have like a little oatmeal there, but they put a raisin in it. Like at the Town Cafe. That's, that's Sink Cole Baby. That's him. Yeah. Wait, so you think that you've gotten too old to be Sink Cole baby now?


Well, because, but then what happens is it creates a lot of hype when something happens to you that you didn't plan, right? Like suddenly you're a celebrity, but how do you live up to heaven in a small town when you didn't really do anything, when really God did it with gravity and now you have to fucking live like the repercussions of being sinkhole baby. And then you go on tour with like other people, like hit by Lightning guy and fucking, you know, I think you need to make this dude this. There's, there's a story here. Look at this. I just feel sometimes like I'm just getting a little too old. Hey man, you're never too old to be a sinkhole baby. That's one thing I've learned in this world. Really? You think that? Yeah, I think I believe that. And I think, I don't know what the second half of it is.


Sometimes You gotta go back in that sinkhole, you left your phone in there, you gotta get, you gotta get back in there. Your buddy was left behind. Gotta get his body, gotta bring it up. And then at the end you go to the cafe and they put two raisins on top of that. Oh. You know, that's how you win at the end.


Alright folks, if you've got a little itch for some Bitcoin or you're trying to dip your toe into that crypto pond, then listen up because I've got something for you. Let me introduce you to Moon Pay the smoothest easiest way to buy and sell crypto. Just use what you've already got, your credit card debit PayPal. Hell, even Venmo. That's right. Moon pays making crypto easier than ordering a pizza. And look, crypto's been on a heater, man, everybody knows that baby it's moon bound. If you've been thinking about stacking some digit coins, then Moon Pay has got your back. Moon Pay is not just another player. They've been around the block and have the experience to make buying crypto as smooth as a freshly paved road. You know, I've had a rocky relationship with crypto. I've been in, I've been out, I've been in and out. I've been hokey and pokey and with my finances in crypto. But Moon Pay has brought me back. And if you're wondering, is Moon Pay safe buddy? It's safer than Fort Knox. It's safer than some really tight underwear. So if you're looking to jump into crypto, there's no better space or place than Moon Pay. Head over to moon pay.com/t HE. Or you can access them in any of your favorite crypto wallets, such as Exodus, Phantom Meta Mask, or Trust Wallet. This isn't financial advice Trading Crypto carries risk and you could lose your investment. Moon Pay is here to facilitate, not advise.


Same as


myself. I'm hydrated, I'll say it. And I use Liquid IV. That's how I do it. Just one stick packet of Liquid IV. I open up a bottle of water, I pour just a touch out, just a sip for the hydrators that aren't here. Pour a little out for 'em and then I pour that packet in, put the lid on, shake it up, and douse myself with that thick good liquid they have. True to fruit flavors that keep you hydrated. Like Raspberry Lemonade, white Peach, my favorite and Rainbow Sherbert Liquid IV hydroscience provides an optimized ratio of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. Treat yourself to extraordinary hydration from Liquid IV. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to Liquid IV dot com and use code theo at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code theo at Liquid IV dot com. Stay hydrated. I'm dried out Right now. Better get some,


do you see Shane Gilli sometimes? Have you seen him? Oh yeah. I love Shane. Have You gotten to meet him or no? I have, yeah. We helped him produce tires. His show he does for Netflix. You helped him produce it? Yeah. Yep. Company. I wouldn't Even know That. Yep. Yeah, because it's so funny that I think there's times when I see him and I'm like, oh, he's, there's something about him that it's not just you, but it's something about the way he is. He's himself. He's himself, you know, not polished and just kind of shooting from the hip, you know? That's good. I think people respond to it. I think they like seeing that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He's a special guy and he j just like one look. He's like, yep. In Your end, dude. Yeah, he makes me laugh. He does man. He makes everybody laugh.


It's good. And it's cool to see 'em like Tires was kind of a comedy that I think kind of changed things because there's jokes in there that I feel like they wouldn't put on. Yeah. Netflix 10 years ago or even five years ago. Yeah. And now it's changing. Do you feel some of that, You know, I feel like this, we've always tried to push it in everything that we've done. I've, you know, I know people are like, oh, you can't make comedies about this that anymore. But, you know, even when we made Eastbound Down, it wasn't like they were asking for that. It wasn't like people were like, we need like a racist baseball player that cusses at kids and does cocaine. There wasn't like a a like an ad in the trades for it, you know? I think that you come in, you make something funny and then that's what, you know, that's starts new trends that makes people gravitate towards it. I think that obviously you see people getting in trouble for saying fucked up shit.


But I also like, I feel like it's very rarely do you see people get in trouble for actually like making something that is, you know, I think people get, I think people get in trouble sometimes, rightfully so for saying bad shit. But I mean, rare. I mean, I can't really think of where people really get in trouble for like making something that pushes the lines. I mean, maybe I'm like forgetting things, but I kind of feel like a lot of times people just want their ass to be kissed. And I think when you make something that pushes the boundaries, everyone's not gonna kiss your ass. People will get upset about it. And you have to be cool with that being part of what goes with pushing the boundaries is that those boundaries are gonna sometimes push back on you. And that's just part of the deal. Yeah. I almost relate when you're saying that, it makes me feel like, like if you tweet something, you're just saying something, you're looking for controversy, it's like, yeah.


But if you go out and make like put out a conversation of something Yep. Then the, the response from people is different. It is like tweet, people just argue there's all type of shit, but you go and actually put a conversation out, then it is more of like discussion and people at least respect that you had the conversation. I think so. I think that's what it's, I mean, obviously you can be judged on whether it's good or not, but that's a different thing than whether if you're just putting something out there that's problematic and people get mad about, I mean, it feels like that's honestly what you're asking for, right. When people, right. Put something out there that's controversial, it's made to have people start fighting. Right. Isn't that part of how the whole thing works? I Think so, yeah. Shane just did SNL Did you get to see any of it?


I did, I saw a couple beers. That's pretty funny. Shit. Good. I need a couple beers in my personal life. I think I will fix a lot of things. Oh Yeah. I mean, I fucking used to overdose over there in Charleston, especially on Halloween, dude. One year I made out with three ladybugs, dude. Oh, Just the, the, the creatures, the ladybugs, the actual insects or People dressed as them. Oh, perfect. And then you wet the bed and went sailing after that. Perfect. That's a perfect night out in Charleston. That's The Charleston Decathlon right there, dude. Oh yeah. Every, everything in Charleston seemed haunted. Did you, Shane just did SNL you did you, you, do you ever Hosted snl? I've never, I've never hosted SNL Did you get asked to do, did you not want of yours?


Was it a thing or, You know, the, is there Any real gravity there or am I just slurping around? No, because I'll, I'll fucking Shine this dick on myself if you need me To. You can you Shine there? You know what I, I love SNL. I grew up watching it and one of the first movies I ever did was Hot Rod, which is produced by L Michaels. And when we, when we were shooting Hot Rod, I met Bill Hader, Andy Sandberg, and Kiva and Yma and all those guys. And they were just coming off their first year of SNL. And so it was cool. I liked those guys and Lauren had actually kind of prod me to see if I was interested in joining the cast, but it was really the same exact week that we sold eastbound and down. And so I was like, as much as I'm flattered this is, this is what I'm gonna go off and do.


And, and then none of them ever talked to me ever again after. Yeah. God. Yeah. Well, after seeing Kenny Powers, how do you think Kenny Powers are pitch against some of today's headers, do you think? I think he would have to juice it up, dude. He would, he would have to. Don't you think? I feel like there should just be a special league for just all the dudes who juice it up. Right? Bring it up. There's an Olympics that star, there's a new Dope Olympics are starting up. I love it. That's a great idea. The Trump sun is starting up, which is kind of like imperfect, Is it really? It's an enhanced game. So they call it Enhanced game father. Oh dude. Which is our, that's also what I call my erection a lot of times. This is a, this this is something else. Yeah. 'cause I'm one of those pills, but a group Oh yeah.


A group led by Donald Trump Jr. Is infusing funding and some political muscle into the enhanced games. And so what's the thought process here? This will sort of, anybody who wants to dope it up will stay out of the, the regular leagues and they'll be gra they'll gravitate towards this. Yeah. Is that what it is? Come over here. Yeah. It says he's offering $1 million for the first sprinter to break the a hundred meter world record. Can you imagine some guy, just the rest of his body's falling off? No, They, they cross the finish line. Their hearts explode. That's what happens if you win. Yep. Wow. I I How do you train for these events? I can't wait to see. It's just gonna be superhuman, leaping over houses. Well, I'll tell you how you train in our town. You would meet up with a guy behind the Winn-Dixie and get some test 200.


First of all, you would hide it from your wife and have to pull over on the side of the interstate and shoot. And you and your buddy who have been like talking about how, who commonly refer to against gay folks have to pull over and shoot it into each other's rear ends. Yeah. And then all your hair falls out and zits start forming on your back and your wife is like, what is going on? What happened to you? But, but you're ready for the three legged race with your buddy. You Better do it. Yeah, I like that. Okay. That's what matters. I'll tune in. I'm in. You have your last season of gemstones? Last season of gemstones. I've been, I live in Charleston like we talked about, but, so I've been out in LA this week just running around, running my mouth. This is my last day of, of running my mouth.


It's wonderful. Oh, thank you man. I really, it really is Cool. Save the best for last. Well, it's nice of you to say that and, and lie to me, but I will say that I, I waited in line one time to get a, a photo with you, like probably maybe 10 years ago somewhere. Really? Where? I think it was at Comic-Con. Oh really? Yeah. Shit. It's pretty cool. I know people, when this show first started, I think everyone thought you were on the show. They always thought you were Tony Caval. Oh yeah, Tony's a buddy of mine. Yeah. You guys, you guys had that similar vibe. I think I actually, honestly, when, when the first season came out, I remember, I remember I had, I met with a reporter and they asked me what it was like to work with Theo Von. Did they? Yeah. And I was like that, that's not Theo Von. Oh. I've had people come up to me and think I'm in the gym zones 20 times.


I'll play along with it. I like, yeah. But, oh, this dude's so awesome, man. Tony's one of the greats. I love Tony. He's such a sweet guy. He Really is. He's incredible. Well, He put our face right there. I didn't even notice that. Look at that one. No wonder some people think this shit. Oh, look at you dude. Fucking look at you. And that's Trevor Wallace. That's hilarious. These days. You don't even know. This is the magic of ai. Look at that. I'd buy it. I know. Wow. And it's very similar chests and very Similar. Yeah. How do, I'm just noticing how much more rip tone he is now. Like he was always strong, but god damn that dude got really strong over the last few years. Yeah, well he just has such a, Him and him and Devon.


Oftentimes in the, when we're shooting down Charleston, those guys have the same schedule. And so every day that they're not working, they're just fucking pumping iron together. Are they just getting strong spotting each other? Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Dude, I remember they had a gay fell in our town. He was a drug dealer, so everybody wanted drugs. So also that's how you also kind of like met gay guys, you know? Or at the first time. So really, because they had the cool treats. Right. It was like, dude, yeah, these guys are fucking, but I think it did a lot for our town. 'cause some people who may not have like, kind of like, you know, branched out more, you know, or just like had more questions, suddenly you were sitting there high as hell. Yeah. And then more gay people started kind of like, drugs Are the great equalizer, right? Oh yeah.


Yeah. You can, it crosses every boundary known. Oh God yes. Oh, were the real life pastors that you used to to that you sent your gemstone pastors, like, like John Goodman and Baby Billy. Do you send them, like, did you have them reflect on guys or did you go watch, did you get some front row tickets to some osteen or what were you doing? You know what? A lot of it was just like watching videos and stuff and then actually kind of went around and I did it. I interviewed a few different pastors just before I told them what I was making a show about. And just, you know, from my own ideas, my own insight. And people were responsive. They, they talked to me.


You know, my aunt, she actually sadly passed away just a few weeks ago, but she was a minister, so I talked to her a lot about the church and Really What kind of church did she minister at? She, I think it was, I feel like she was a, a me. It was in Atlanta and it was just, it wasn't a megachurch, but it was one of those sort of these, you know, churches that can pop up in shopping centers and not look like your typical church. And she kind of moved into counseling after that as well. And, but you know, I grew up in a household that was pretty religious. My mom was, she did like puppet ministry when I was a child. She would like do the children's sermons and stuff like that. Oh really? Yes. And do they hide behind something? They do. They just do Front. Oh yeah. It's like a little, we, we had this like PVC pipe frame with felt over it.


Yeah. And then they'd hide behind there. And, and, and my mom had like, like boxes of these puppets and she would drum up these little scripts and, you know, kind Of, and mostly Bible characters. No, there, well sometimes there would be, but sometimes they would just be these characters and they would've to learn bible lessons, you know? God Man, that's crazy. It's like characters like suddenly Paul reveres in one of the Scenes, so Yeah, exactly. But it was, oh, that's cool. Know. So I, I grew up with all that stuff, so Yeah, this is exactly, that's the kind of shit we do right there. That was it. Oh, This is great, huh? Yep. And oh my God. Yeah. And the guy on the right, obviously. Yeah. He's learning stuff. He's learning about the, he's he's singing a song about sinkhole baby, you know, and about how Jesus raised him up out of the sinkhole.


Made him into a little raisin. Oh, that's cool, man. Yeah. I'm trying to think if we had any puppet. Like, no, what did we have? We had a guy who was missing one finger. Puppeting is a lot of shoulder work. People don't think about that. Gotta Have a lot of upper body strength. Yeah. You're a fucking, that's the french bulldog Of you stay like that. The drama reach. Yeah. You're really building those shoulders. Is your mom pretty proud of you? What's you guys' relationship like? We're good. We're, we're strong. She, she, she moved, they lived in Virginia and then when we moved down to Charleston, she moved there. My wife's from Los Angeles, you know, I met her out here. We were here for, I was here for like 20 years. And so when I convinced her to move to Charleston with us, you know, figured it was only right.


Me, her and the kids come down. Her mom who's a Angelino, she moved down there too. So now for the first time in my life, I have like all, I live in the same town as my parents and yeah, it's kinda wild. Wow. Yeah. That's so cool, dude. You like got to capture the whole dream. I think that's everybody's dream. I'm gonna go, I'll show them. I'll move, I'll have the girl, I'll have the family, you know, Free. It's, it's been, it's, it's been nice man. I, I always feel grateful for what we get to do and, but the fact that like, like this show, all the shows we've done, I've made it with all the, my buddies that I've met in college, you know, guys I met when I was 18 years old we're, you know, smoking weed together in the dorm rooms, talking about movies and All this shit.


And now, you know, 25 years later we're all still doing the same stuff. It's kind of awesome. Yeah. Yeah. I wonder. Yeah, I would like to get to meet a wife sometime soon. Where did you meet your wife? At a certain location. I met her, she was like a friend of my neighbor when I lived at this shitty apartment over in West Hollywood. And so it's just kind of one of those things where you don't have any money to go to any of these expensive bars or clubs when you're in your early twenties out here and Yeah. Unless You're the fucking Riz, huh? Yeah. Except you're the rizz. You're going to Craig's dude drinking two Pepsis after nine, living that high life. I, I didn't wanna say anything, but yeah, his grades are down, but the money's up, you know, that's his fucking Life. I know. I've found that like, you know, moving, I went to college in North Carolina and moved here in 99 and man, this was a tough, this is a tough city to come into from with nothing.


You know, it's, it's, it's hard living. I feel like when you get out here and you're waiting tables and PAing and just doing all this stuff, making no money and it hurts. You can't go do anything. And every girl that's your age is dating someone who's 15 years older and Successful dating Aero Smith or something. It was, it's Tough. Yeah. And they take a girl like on a world tour and then you're like, I'm supposed to what? Take her where? For a walk? Yeah. What am I, how am I even gonna compete? Dude, I remember on my birthday, we, I got out here, I've been a, for like a year and I bought a used refrigerator. Right. I was saving, when I finally went and looked at the price, I was probably saving $60. Right. Nightmare. Had to borrow somebody's truck to go get it out towards Recita, get it back home on my birthday.


I spent more birthday doing this. I get it over to the door of our apartment and it gets, it will not go in. Wow. It's just a little too wide. So have to take the fucking doors. I just, I remember sitting against the wall crying. Yeah. I was on steroids, but I was also sitting there just, and dude, parking spots were too, too small. You'd open the, you couldn't get out. You'd get a ticket and you would ding the, everything about LA was fucking impossible. Hard. Yeah. And it felt too like when the city, the city could be against you, you know, like parking tickets, stuff like that. I mean, it just felt like when your day was bad, that's always when you would come out and there'd be a boot on your car and it would just get worse and worse. Worse. And, and that's the other thing is when you're kind of living on the edge like that, it feels like no one gives a shit either.


Like, people would walk over you and if you were laying on the ground bleeding, you know? Yeah. Yeah. It was tough. Did you, did you ever do standup to, or? No, I never did standup. No. I mean, I had you desire To you think? I don't, I I didn't really, you know, honestly, I didn't even really have any ambitions to be an actor. It's like, you know, I went to film school to write and to make, I always kind of imagined I would just be behind the camera and, you know, and That's true. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I didn't have any ambitions of, of trying to be an actor at all. David Green, who was another classmate of mine, he made this movie called All the Real Girls Bring It Up. It's, it's a beautiful film about First Love and Appalachia.


Ooh, Really? Yeah. But his, his, he had an actor who backed out of the show the last minute. And it was an independent movie and he just asked me to come down and play the role 'cause he didn't have time to cast somebody else. Mm. And it was the very first time I ever acted in anything. And, and after Jodi saw it, he wanted to make a movie. And he was like, well, you're the only person we know who's been in something. So it's funny that we thought that was a leg up. Just that dude right there we thought would somehow get something made. Dude, it's so crazy though, when you go from an idea, like even with this mo like it was all emails and then we show up one day on set and there was a real movie going on.


Dude, I had to sit down for a while. I was like, oh my God. I thought everybody's just fucking around. Like, yeah. And then it was a real movie. And there's like people, and people know what they're doing and people do know what they're doing. People are yelling and people are, but there was, it was like, oh my God, this is really it. And then you realize it's so hard to make something really too. 'cause so many little things happen. Like, we got pushed by the fire for a week and it was like, suddenly that changes everything. And you have, You don't know if people are, and then we had to shoot one day the day with Steve Little where it's like the winds were 40 miles an hour. We can't afford to reshoot. So it's like, fucking pretend that the winds are 40 miles, miles An hour. That's true. We, we had the same thing on gems since year. I mean, that's what a lot of this stuff becomes, is it becomes surrounding yourself with just strategists, like people on your team that just know how to solve problems.


Because that's what a hundred percent what all making anything is, is you got your idea of what it's gonna be and then every day it's dealing with something that's coming your way to make it less than what you want it to be. Yeah. And you gotta figure out how to navigate it. Yeah. When we shot the season of gemstones right near the end, like there's this like pretty specific location to this season and I fought really hard to be able to get in this place and shoot there, but we only had limited time in the night before we had to shoot like the last scene of the entire series. Hurricane Helena comes through that part of Carolina and just like decimated everything. And this location that we're at, it's like a hundred mile per hour winds no power. And it's like there's no alternative.


You know, we have to shoot this thing, you have to just do it. It's, it's like, like, well once these hurricane force winds die down, maybe we'll try to get some extension cords and finish this thing off. And that's exactly what we did. It was crazy. Damn. Yeah, it's just, I think it's just no matter what level things are at, if you're doing something in your backyard and you and your brother plan to shoot something and then halfway through he doesn't, his attitude changes and he goes in the house. Yeah. It's like, it's always, and that ruins whatever your little plan was. It's always something, right? Yeah. There's always something that's gonna show up. How do you know when a show is done like this? You know, I wasn't sure with this. I mean, I've been really lucky with HBO that they've always been real supportive of the stuff I want to do and they're, they're awesome partners to have in this.


And man, I think it kind of just came as we started writing this season, to me it just felt like it, I felt like when I was starting to write it, like everything I was kind of gravitating towards was like about closure and sort of wrapping up these characters, like longer stories. And so I kind of kept myself open while we were shooting, like in case I got any other ideas of like, maybe I'd come back and do another one. But as we kinda shot more and more, it just, it felt like it was the end. Yeah. It felt like it. Yeah. And I, I don't know, TV is one of those things too where it's a strange art form because if it's good, the reward is you just get to keep doing it and doing it and doing it. But sometimes that doesn't necessarily make for the best story, you know, just to have, you know, alright, this is like the 10th time these characters have almost died, you know, Or whatever that, that show Yeah.


Where things can overstay their welcome and you know, I mean, it's a, people are getting hit with so many things these days. Like there's so many things vying for your attention. It's, it's a lot to ask an audience to like stick with the show for 10 years or something, you know what I mean? Yeah. And just think that your tastes in 10 years will be the same as it was when the first season came out. So for me, I, I didn't wanna stay in it longer than we needed to. I never wanted to make it something where it didn't matter. I always kind of wanted to make sure it was relevant and something we were all having fun doing and, and never kind of evolve into something that just feels like a job. Yeah. W was there something special that you like to do for your crew and stuff like that? Like, you talk so much about like, the guys that work for you and work with you.


I'm sure you use a lot of the same crew and stuff too, because they're, you develop relationships, you know how people are gonna work. You know what people will be there for you on those, you know, when it's 1:00 AM and you're like, what the fuck are we gonna do Right now? Yeah. What's something you like to do for them? I've heard that you do nice things for them. Yeah. We just like to party. I mean, to me, I feel like it's one of those deals we like to rock and roll, but I, I do feel like, you know, especially living down there, when you're asking people to come work on the show, you're asking them to like leave their lives through the comfort of their homes. Sometimes leave their spouse or their partner and come down there for, you know, six months to come work with you. I've been on stuff where I've been on location and it's sort of like, yeah, good luck buddy. You know, you're just gonna end up, You don't know anybody sucks. You're sitting in a hotel room, it's the worst.


And so I always just try to, At a Westin. Yeah, Exactly. I just try to avoid that. I mean, you obviously everyone's different. People want their own. Sometimes people want to be left alone in the Westin, but I try to just make everybody feel like they're at home when they come there. Like, try to make 'em have a good time. And ultimately it's like, you know, for me it's the whole idea that we get to make this shit is so much fun. Like, I don't even watch these things after we're done. I don't even go back and watch any of this stuff again. My experience with it is like the I act of making it. That's really, that feels like the climax to me. I'll, I'm in, you know, I'm on, I oversee like every cut of this show and in, in Post. But yeah, once this stuff like is done, I'm kind of done with it.


You know, it kind of feels, even the old movies from Pineapple to Tropic, it's like I'll see 'em at the premiere and then I oftentimes just will never even see 'em again. You know, I'll see clips of things online and be like, oh, that's crazy. I remember that. Yeah. But I don't know, I just, I have a lot of fun making this stuff. I like collaborating with people, like you were saying, those problems that come up, solving that stuff, that feeling of accomplishment. Yeah. When you do sort of dodge a bullet, like that's the excitement and the fun for me. Yeah. I noticed. I don't like the acting part. I noticed, I like the giving somebody an idea and be like, and not telling the other actors and stuff and try this dude. Yeah. And then seeing what that, what that creates. Yeah. Yeah. That's the beauty of it all. Yeah. We had this one moment, like Spade is like taking this dog for a ride.


'cause the company he works for, this company called Last Lap, they give dogs rides, like they're la they're about to be euthanized or whatever. He gives him a couple more spins around town, you know, in his car. That's nice. That's a nice thing to do. Yeah. Sweet guys. So he pulls up and then it's like Kirk Fox, you know who he is. Kirk Fox pulls up next to him in a truck and Kirk's just been like looting in the area, I guess sort a stoplight. And he is like, what are you guys, you guys getting anything good? He is like, yeah, we just got a hot lead on JonBenet's wedding dress. Right. And that came from your dome. That was, that was out of, that was outta your pocket. I snuck over just like a fucking, like a, like a fucking Navy seal. I just put this little fucking, I just Shine that cock right in a soul.


And then I went off and hid in the distance. And that's what I noticed. That's the only thing I always loved. I always liked, even when we were a kid, like we would go like, like not getting molested, what's called camping with people's dads. Right. And Getting molested. No, you were right. The first thing he said was Right. It was like Cub scouts or whatever. But I remember one time we left and I told everybody that Jay Leno had died. Right, right. And you couldn't check back then. So the whole weekend you would hear the dads talking about it, kind of reminiscing about Leno and some of their favorite guests and shit. And I would be in my tent laying down, just crying outta my fucking little penis. I was crying out of laughing so fucking hard. I then those, that, that kind of stuff was Boy Scout camp. So I went to a Boy scout camp when I was a kid.


And I remember it was like, we had this, our cub master was, this was one of the kids' dads and it was him with, you know, 12 boys and we're camping and he just got over the course of the week, he just got stranger and stranger. And at one point he just kind of like left, you know, left the camp for a while and had been a bit since he had been back there. And every night we would always notice that he'd go into his tent and he would just like lay down and put these headphones on and just kind of lay there. And so I was so curious, like, what is this motherfucker listening to? And I'm probably like 12 years old. And when he was gone, I snuck into his tent and I picked up his headphones and I put it on and hit play. They were like messages from his wife talking about how he was a good man and like, Oh my God.


And He was, it made me terrified of the rub. Like, let's just get me home. This guy's sitting in here just like listening to his wife pump 'em up with these 12 boys in the woods. Oh my God, that's so sweet of her to make all that. I Why did he need it though? Like, that's what was like, it seemed like the tires were about to fall off. He, he Probably keeping him on the end of a fucking rope. Dude, that's a crazy dude. I got almost got set home from that camp too, because I pulled a knife on a kid. Not, not for real. No, of course not. But I had, I had that, you know, when you're that age and you have your little knives, your little boy scout knives, you're constantly playing with it. And I guess this other troop walked past us and I'd pulled that knife out and they thought I was like fucking threatening someone and I had to go into the office and explain myself, you know?


And I got my knife taken away for the rest of the week. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Dude, there was something I remember like when I was a kid, we used to, well we'd get one thing we would do for fun. I remember the mosquito truck, we'd come by and we'd get on our bikes and fucking ride behind it and just huff the gas. Just Get high, Bro. We would be fucking cooked, dude. Just like unbelievable. A trail of dead mosquitoes around Everybody's singing, bro. Yeah, dude, I, bro, if I got Whitney or a bird, it would die after that. Like anything, anything that could fucking hit the airwaves is dead. I couldn't even pick up AM radio bro. I was like, anything that could fly was, it was, that was something fun. I remember, I remember being in the woods and somebody would say like, I saw something.


And then you would run the fear that went, you didn't see anything. Somebody did. And they started to leave and suddenly you were alone. Even if you were one step alone in the woods from your friend, it was like, duh, it's gonna get me, man. There was like, be Unknown. Oh yeah, we used to, I, I was the best. I grew up in Virginia and it was a neighborhood that was like brand new. It was like in the eighties and like, so it was all woods and stuff and all construction. It was all like, they were just building one of those big subdivisions and we were like one of the first houses in there. And so me and my friends would just have like, the run of that place. I mean, we were constantly doing that. But there was like this one construction site, and we were young, this is probably like fourth or fifth grade. We would just like go there at nighttime and just like, take all their lumber in their shit and go make ramps and go build tree houses.


And there was this one house that we kept doing it to, and there it was a construction site and we built like a tree fort with all the wood. And I guess the guys who were building the house found out where it was at. And we came out to our tree fort and they had like ripped everything down. They had like taken it all down. So then that next day we went to that place and we fucking destroyed that house. We took cinder blocks and threw it through the walls. We were like these fourth graders thinking, we're just gonna show these guys what? Well, there's some family that has to stay up. I know. Just no sense. But it was like, we took it personally. Like we stole that lumber be fair and square. Like Re mother, they're good On our, on our Diamondback, you know, freestyle bikes, our BMX bikes. Just thinking we run. We ran that shit.


Yeah, Dude, I was trying, oh, we had a glitter, I dunno if it was a glitter truck. I think it was a glitter truck that toppled over like in the interstate near us. And it was like, and it was like kind of a, I guess a windy time of year. And our fucking town had glitter in the area for two years In your lungs, everywhere. I mean, you fucking, yeah. You couldn't even, you just, you'd meet somebody in half of 'em. They Fucking, they're shining it just Crazy. Dude. Those are good days. It is crazy how if you have a construction site, if you're building a house, if any kids in the neighborhood, you, they, all they do is get in there and break shit. The, the Family, they have no concept of like, someone's paid money for this. Someone's waiting to move their family in. It just is looked at as like, this is, this doesn't matter.


No one lives here. So we can do what we want. God, those are the best times, man. I enjoy.


Over the past several days, three females have been found dead. Looks like someone's going after these girls, then they have to know to wash their backs. Streaming March 13th. You really want what happen to this woman. It happened to you. Exactly. Why I need to keep going on this starring Emmy Award winner, Amanda Seyfried. I'm worried about what you're gonna find. So am I. Long Bright River, a limited series streaming March 13th, only on Peacock


Using Acorns. I enjoy setting it up. I got it set up for my nieces and nephews. It just to help 'em start to save right, to recognize and look at money and finances and just have it be a part of their existence. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got Right now. Even if all you've got is spare change. That's what I like about it from my nieces and nephews. If they spend a little bit of money, they're the, the change goes into their savings. So they start to recognize, they start to get an idea of how to use savings. Right now with Acorns, you can sign up and join the over 14 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion. With Acorns Plus Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available at Acorns dot com slash THEO. That's A-C-O-R-N s.com/theo to get your $20 bonus investment today. I can't recommend them more paid Client endorsement compensation provides incentive positively from Acorns tier four compensation provided investing risk. Acorns advisors, lc, registered investment advisor view important disclosure at Acorns com slash T.


You know, I'm still recovering from 2024. Jeepers. I don't know how, what, what I still am. I know it's March, I know it's my April. I I, here I am. That's just who I am.


Life in general can be chaotic, but if you're in charge of order fulfillment for an e-commerce business, you know, that's its own special kind of chaos. But with ShipStation, you can count on your day to day remaining calm, save hours and money every month by shipping from all your stores with one login, automating repetitive tasks and finding the best rates among all the global carriers. Using ShipStation helped us ship, helps us get packages in and out. We gotta get some of this, some of that. Celsius is sending a new, we gotta get Merch, boom, ShipStation. They're there. You never need to upgrade. ShipStation grows with your business no matter how big it gets. Calm the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to ShipStation dot com and use code Theo to sign up for your free trial. That's ShipStation dot com. Code THEO.


Yeah, that's the stuff that I think sometimes about getting older to do. Do you ever start to think like that? You only get to do so many things. Does that start to become a thing in your head at all? I mean, you've been, you know, so proative or whatever it's called, but Prophylactics. Prophylactics, yeah. You've been so prophylactics, you know, and, but do you ever start to think about that? Like, shit, I gotta, you know, or is it kinda like, I know I've had the a a good amount of time to make what I've wanted. I I, you know, I, I sense it with my kids. You know, when I was living out here in Los Angeles, like we lived up off of Mulhall and my son was like, you know, he was, you know, he was like, in kindergarten, he is starting to like, you know, he's like, I wanna learn to ride a bike. And I'm like, why? You're never gonna be able to like ride a bike up here on Mulhall, you know?


And I started seeing that. I'm like, oh, he's not gonna have the, the same experiences I had that level of freedom of just kinda like coming home from school, dropping your book bag off and just like taking off until the sun went down. And that stuff is important. You know, that le little bit of independence. I kind of kept feeling like every time he got to play with somebody, there was always like me and my wife having to like, orchestrate it and sit there in the background watching them play and, you know. Yeah. And I, that was kind of one, honestly, like the main reason why I wanted to move back to the south is I just kinda wanted to go somewhere where he could, you know, unleash, he could get on a bike and have a little bit of freedom and kind of have that, you know, it feels like you can always move to the big city, but it's definitely harder if you're a city boy to kind of like go back, you know, go somewhere small.


So I kind of wanted them to have a little bit of that, of that sort of like a little taste of that, you know? Yeah. Then, you know, because like you said, it goes by quick. You know, it's pretty soon, you know, you can't just go destroy a construction site without ending up in prison. You know? I wanted him to be able to go destroy some Construction Sites and just get a slap on the wrist. Yeah. Some drywall. Yeah. I wanted him to fucking beat up some drywall. Yeah. I moved to Nashville a few years ago and I like it over there. I just live in like a regular neighborhood. My neighbors are just like one of, as a soccer coach. I, it's like, just, it's neat, you know? I like it. It's more peaceful. It feels just like a, like a very small city. Yeah. Nashville's fun. I like it down there. I think it's cool.


It's fun over there. Definitely. And it's, yeah, it's like, Chattanooga is fucking great. You've been there. I Haven't been there. God, dude. It's fun, huh? Yeah. Just like, there's like mountains whitewater rafting. It's all, it almost, it every, everything you wish was in Nashville that isn't. Yeah. And it's smaller. Feels good. Oh, I gotta go over there. I'd never even been to Nashville until we moved to Charleston. I think my wife and I were just like looking for what was a quick trip away in Nashville is so close that we saw it. But I, I think it's fun down there. So Chattanooga though. I gotta check that out, huh? Chattanooga's beautiful man. They have this look at that have walking bridge where you walk a, it's like, it used to be a bridge, but they shut it down or whatever 'cause it couldn't bridge anymore or whatever. So basically it's just like a, it Stopped bridging. Yeah. It's just like a brave road really at that point. But, but they turned it into a walking bridge and so they built like a newer one next to it and, but it's, yeah.


But just the whole area is awesome, man. It's beautiful. They have a place called Lookout Mountain there where you can see like seven states or something from it. Wow. A lot of civil war shit. If you're big into Civil war reenactments and shit. Yeah. Like my buddy's dad used to referee those and shit. So we'd go watch those a lot and like, so I love that kind of shit. Me too. I love a fucking cannon dude. I love civil war stuff too. I grew up in, you know, after we left California, I, we, I grew up, I spent most of my time in Fredericksburg, Virginia and Oh. So there's a ton of civil war stuff there and Yeah. You know, my backyard, I'd find like civil war bullets and stuff. I mean we were, we were all, you know, it was, that stuff loomed heavily over our, my childhood just because it was so close. I mean, I even have a buddy that his old man would put on night vision goggles and go out to the ba, the National Park battlefields and go metal detecting, 'cause you know that's a federal crime.


You're not allowed to go do that shit. And he, he would go out there and just like outrun those park rangers and just get bullets and bayonets and like all this stuff. We'd always like play around with all that stuff in his garage. It's kind of amazing. He's riding his dad in prison. Dear, dear dad. Thanks for the rusty bayonet. It was worth every minute, bro. That shit was a big part of growing up in this house. Somebody would be like, dude, they found Arrowhead on our property. Yeah. Rusty shit. They found a fucking canteen from 70 years ago. Yeah. That was a huge thing about growing up in the south. It is. My buddy who, who still lives back there, I went to go visit him a few years ago and we were supposed to catch up up in Virginia. In Virginia. We were gonna catch up downtown for a few beers and he, and he's like, Hey man, come back behind the high school here.


Like, I wanna show you something. It's like, uhoh, here we go. But I went back behind the school and we kind of like walked down to the woods and we come down there and he's found this place that he's like completely like roped off, like it was an archeological dig site. Yeah. And I'm like, what the fuck is going on back here? And he's like, man, I think I found like an old Indian camp here. And he started showing me All this shit that he had found. It was like weird, like pottery and arrowheads and all this stuff. And it was amazing. He found it on his own and he was just like, yeah man, if you, there's so much of that stuff here that basically if you just like look for some place that had like access to water and had a lot of sunlight during the course of the day, that nine times outta 10 Wow.


Somebody would've saw that as a place to set up camp and you start digging around and it's all under there and like, man, it was, it was cool, but it made me start looking at everywhere a little differently. Yeah. You know, it's cool. Yeah, dude, they had a guy who hid a treasure. Do you see that? He hid treasure for like 10 years. Somebody finally found it. Oh wow. He hit a couple million dollar treasure and it finally got found a few years ago. He made like a treasure, like a, a story about it. Oh, gotcha. So he had like a little, like put a call out Scavenger hunt and people look for a fear. It's called people died looking for it. Oh, that's sick. God. I used to always wanna look for bodies on the side of the interstate. That's my big thing. Oh, you were just trying to make a sequel to Stand By Me Just trying to find Browers flowers, whatever the fuck his name was. Yeah. Stand by I 65 is what it's gonna be called.


But yeah, that's something that I always wanted to do. I wanna ask you about your kids before you leave. What's something that you admire about your children? If you're okay talking about your children. Yeah, of course. You know, I just, because it was Cool to you to leave for the, you know, that one of the reasons you wanted to leave that was for them. It's kind of neat, like, you know, to be able to make, do choices like that, like with social media, just like to make kind of like choices that are for the betterment of yourself or others is pretty, it's harder to do these days than I think people think. So it's something that it seems pretty neat that you're able to do. But yeah, go on. Yeah. Well, you know, my, like I said, my wife is from Los Angeles, she grew up here, so she had never really lived outside of California. And I liked la I liked living here. I had a blast. But yeah, once I had kids, I, it wasn't like I thought they would have like a terrible childhood growing up here, but I just knew that there were gonna be certain things that they wouldn't be exposed to that I just thought would be useful for them to be exposed to.


And my wife and I, we headed down to Charleston for a long weekend to kind of like just take a look at it without the kids and just sort of like, could we do this? Like, could we make a run at this? What are we gonna do? And we had looked at some houses and then we were kind of sitting in this bar just having a drink, kind of like writing down on a napkin, like the pluses and minuses, like what, how realistic it would be. And I remember looking out the window and there was like a group of probably, you know, 10 kids, like probably between the ages of like seven and 15 on skateboards and bikes and jean shorts, no shirts carrying fishing poles. Not a parent in sight. And I was like, yeah, we gotta move here. Like this is like, exactly what I want our kids to be able to do is just that.


I want them to be able to like, be free Yeah. To kind of like explore the world and to see things without having to worry about 'em so much. And so that was cool. And I mean my kids are just, I dunno, my daughter is like insanely funny. She's like, she's 10 years old and she is, I mean like, I mean honestly like before she even talked, she was giving people the bird flicking people off. Like I, I fuck. Yeah. I, I c cha I channel her in that character Judy, the sister in, in righteous gemstone. You do. I do. I channel my daughter in that, in that a lot of times I, dude I got to interview that lady one time. She's the most the best Talented, the she's the best God. Ed's amazing. That's so funny that you would channel even a, like a child. Yes.


And Ededie and my daughter have a very special relationship. Ededie calls it that they're in the bad girls club. And so every time Edie talks to my daughter, she'll be like, bad girls club and Pina will give her a, a high five. But yeah, my daughter came by the set this year and there was, there was a, there was a dead body on the set, not a real one, but, and there was like fake blood and she was like kind of obsessed with like, what is this? There's fake blood, like, what is that? And I started realizing, oh man, yeah, she doesn't have any concept of what this is or what I do when I leave. And she kind of got really obsessed with this idea of fake blood and, and our props master gave her this big tub of like, you know, fake movie blood.


Oh, that's great. And she uses it all the time. Really. She'll call us in and she'll be like laying in the shower with like blood out coming out of her belly button and out of her neck and pretending to be she's a sicko. Yeah. It seems like these are killing good over there. What I would dude, my brother, so my dad was like real old when I was born. My dad was 70. He was an older man, you know, and so my brother used to do this thing. I've talked about it before in my comedy show, but he'd be like, dad's dead. He'd come in the room. Right. That was his bit Because dad was like, you know, dad would be 79 and dad's dead. He'd come in, I'd be doing something, he'd be like, dad's dead. And I'd be like, you know, the first time I was like, no, no, don't you know, and I'd go in there and he would be alive.


Right. And then it got to, this is where, this is where I knew this is when something I think got weird maybe in my head because I would be like, he better fucking be dead or I'm gonna beat your ass. Right. It became like, like just the whole juxtaposition of that little thing in my head. Like, he fuck, if I'm gonna get up now, I better see a dead body. I'm be pissed off. Yeah. That pastor. And then look you, you got older and you did that to other people by telling people Jay Leno was dead. Sure. You you, you helped spread that trauma. Yeah, dude, I love that kind of stuff. I just, yeah, there was something so much fun about being young and Michael Lanham was supposed to come to our town one time and meet people at the fair and my mom got all dressed up and went and he didn't come.


Oh, That's a Bummer. That Was a heartbreaker. Is that why you have that Michael Landon cut out there? Yeah, we like to have that. I'm a big hobby Heaven fan. I'm a big Victor French fan. You kinda look like a young victor French actually. Oh, I'll take that. I love Highway to heaven. God, that was good. It was so good. I wouldn't have pegged you for a Highway to Heaven fan. That's good to Know. Oh yeah. Yeah dude. I was, yeah, we grew up on that. TBS now like the Olsons. Oh yeah. Look at him. Yeah, Dude. Yeah, he's a good dude. Look at that. Yeah, I could. That's very you. I think we could do that. I could see you being Michael land. I think we could. Let's redo Highway to heaven. That's the next thing. Let's do it dude. We'll call it Highway to Hell. How about that? Yeah dude. Fucking it would be just one off ramp.


Yeah. We just meet people and ruin their lives. That's what we do. It reminds me of the movie Family Man. Have you seen that movie? Which one is that? With Nicholas Cage? It's a Christmas movie. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's been a long time. But yes, I remember that film. I love that movie, dude. Yeah. That's one of my favorites. The first movie I ever saw I think was, yeah, that's it right there. Do you ever get to work with Nicholas Cage? I, I haven't, but I'm such a fan of his man. He's so awesome. Yeah, he seems so interesting. Yeah. And that, that that little turn he had in long legs last year. I mean, how scary is that? Dark Arts. Dark arts. Yes. Satan shit. Yeah, dude, I think we need more of it. You know what I'm saying? That's definitely when I think, when I look at the state of the world, I feel like what the world needs now is more devil Fucking party, dude, let's amp this bitch up.


Was there ever something weird like once you started making some money? 'cause making money's an interesting thing, right? Like some people really get into it and that's their thing, but it's like, were there ever like a team that you wanted to invest in or some interesting thing that like, you know, that somebody might consider? Was there anything like that for you? Man, I don't think I have ever, I mean, I think growing up without any money, it's like the moment you get your hands on some, you just try to sock it away. 'cause you're thinking they're coming to take it at any moment. Oh yeah. So I haven't, I need to start being a little bit more ambitious with my spending though. And, and just relax a little bit probably. Yeah. That's how I'm, I'm just scared. It's like, well, what if Yeah, it's just scary. And then also, what do I really want? Yeah.


You know, I think I wanna start like a halfway house, but that makes clothing too, dude. Oh Yeah. Put those fuckers to work, be Like this shirt's dope. Yeah. That's kind of a dumb joke, but thank you for laughing at that. I like It. I like it. It is dope. Thanks dude. Yeah. What was something else that I was thinking about? Because I'll never see you again, but I was just trying to think of what it is. You don't think we'll ever see each other again? Is this it? No. It'd be awesome if we did. I, I feel like we might, Do you get impressed by a lot of the stuff that you see out there? Like, do you get inspired? Like you'll see a movie, you'll see something, you're like, it, it makes you wanna keep making more. Do you think you'll take a little bit of a break? What do you kind of think? Or you already have something you're making next? Nah, I think I'm gonna take a little bit of a break. I mean, I, like I said earlier, like my hobby is basically writing and creating Right.


You know, so I'm sure I won't stop that, but, you know, it takes a lot to make something like this gemstones. I've been on this now for, you know, seven years of working on this thing full time and you know, I'm looking forward to just chilling out for a little bit and spending time with the fan. But I, as soon as you start doing that, then you'll get an idea for something else. And so I feel like I'll always wanna make stuff, but it's also good to just enjoy your life a little bit too. Yeah. And not be so worried all the time about what's gonna be next and just kind of take it easy. Yeah, that's, yeah. I get, I get definitely caught up. I have to do this or this, but then so I do start to notice a little bit more. Like, I want chill out because I want to give my brain time to think. So it's fun for me. It's like, yeah. So it can, it can heal. Yeah. That used to be the most fun doing when your brain gives you an idea and it just makes you laugh.


You're by yourself or whatever. Totally. Yep. And then you gotta share it. What about your son? You said about your daughter, what about your son? My son, he's just gotten into lacrosse. You know, Tony Caval actually, he's, he's helped us out. He's Tony Cavalier's a big deal in the lacrosse world. I don't know if you knew this or Not. I didn't know that at all. Yeah. He's a big deal. And my son has shown an interest in it. So Tony has like, kind of pushed us in the right direction of getting him into a cool team. And that's, that lacrosse shit is pretty cool, man. Yeah. I've done, I've, I've been with him through all his different interests to sports from baseball to, to football and you know, you go onto those, those little parks and rec teams and it's always just some kid's dad coaching, you know? Oh yeah.


The lacrosse shit though is like, the coaches are young, they're like athletes right outta college. I feel like the kids just respond to them in a different way than they do somebody's dad. You know? It's cool. It's good to watch, Huh? Yeah. That's interesting. I've never heard anybody even talk about that except for this girl Moy that works with Barstool Sports. She played lacrosse, so I would see her, oh. One of my friends from New York talk about it sometimes. Yeah. I didn't know anything about it at all. And then I watched it. I'm like, this shit is hardcore. I mean, they like knock each other down on the ground, hit each other with these sticks. And I was surprised my son was even into it. I saw him getting out there whacking people. I'm like, oh damn, here we go. What does, yeah. What, what does he admire about it you think? Huh? I don't know, man. I think that the stick is pretty cool, but I, you know, you got those pads, the gear is pretty awesome, but I mean, it is a pretty rough and tumble sport.


Is there ever moments And you can, you look like that. You just knock the shit outta people and knock 'em on the ground. It's like, and then, oh, they can get their Own hat. And you see kids doing that. You see 'em doing it and you're like, oh, you're allowed to do that. They don't stop it or anything. That's like part of the game. It's kind of, it's pretty bad ass boom. Look at that. Yeah. That I've seen a 10-year-old do that to another 10-year-old God. That's beautiful. God, that'll you gotta stop and drink that. Is it interesting whenever you see your kid, like say you take him to lacrosse and he likes it. Is it interesting that you learn something about him by watching him start to like something? Oh, totally, totally. Yeah. You start trying to think. I mean, I, you know, parents are probably the worst thing you can do is kind of like, always push your kids into what you're into and expect that, you know, you using their childhood as a way to kind of like, work out all your demons.


It's like, I try not to do that with my kids. Like, I don't even think my kids even like movies, you know? It's like I've tried to like have movie nights with them and stuff and they're like, yeah, we're good. They don't, they don't, they don't see it. You're like, you're part of that dying art form. I got no interest. I wanna watch Mr. Beast. I wanna watch them Beast Squid games. Yeah, dude, that shit is pretty good. Some of it. It is good. He, they, I like, I like all that shit that they watch. I think it's fun. There's that one kid, I think his name is Ryan Trainor or something. He's, he does like the stuff where he has like 10 cents and he tries to like, make money to get across the country. He keeps, well I haven't seen him pull him up. Ryan Trainor, I think that's his name. But I like this stuff, dude. I like watching. I'm like, no wonder y'all aren't watching movies, man.


You guys are, you guys have this all dialed in? Yeah. He'll, he'll like, start with like a penny and like figure out a way to get across the country with just starting with that. Wow. I've never, oh, Ryan Trahan. Trahan. That's what it is. I've never even heard of this. And it's crazy. This has, so this video has 60 million views, right? Like, it's crazy how much is out there that you've never even heard of. And you'll be exposed, you'll be like, oh, this is amazing. Yeah, It's really cool. Wow. I'd like to meet this kid. There's a guy, there's these kids Colby and Sam that are like these ghost hunter kids I want to get to meet. It's, I was never brave enough to vlog. We just had some streamers in and that lifestyle's insane, man. Eight hours in a row. It's wild. Huh? Dude, Dan, think about that. Eight hours, right?


And you have to be yourself, so you can't really hide who you are at all. But, and then you have to go home Yep. And then come back and it's, and Do it all over again. I know it takes a different type of brain to do that. That's what they like though, I think, I mean, he watches kids play video games and I, I try to get my head around that and I'm like, but I, you know what? I do remember being a kid, like over at your friend's house, sitting around the couch watching somebody try to beat a game and it wa the shit was fun. Yeah. You know? Yeah, that's a good point. I guess they're just not doing it maybe together as much, but maybe they are. I don't know. It could, this could be a phase in time. I mean, we would go play at the church parking lot, dude, anybody that would answer the door on the way down the street. It was three or four blocks to get down there.


If you answered the fucking door, you were playing defense. Right. So we would knock on the door was about three 40 in the afternoon, walk down there. And there was a hole, somebody, I don't know who put it out there, like the devil or whatever, but in the field, they had a field in front of the church off of Highway one 90 over there in Covington. And sometimes every two years somebody would step into the hole and break their leg or Ankle. Perfect. That's what it was there for. That's it. Dude. That's a fucking free safety bitch. That's what that is. That was crazy though. But yeah, if you answer the door, you had to come play man. And you, we would get on our bikes and we would ride. They had like a ride probably about a mile and a half over this place called Pat's Shrimp and video.


Right. Ooh, I Like that. You Get a bag of shrimp. Right. It wasn't all you could eat, but it was like all they could put in the bag and you would get to rent a movie. Dude, I love that. God, Dude. Terminator, we get, I I miss the video store, don't you? I miss that stuff. That was fun. There was nothing, dude. I went to the last Blockbuster in Oregon probably two years ago. And this is the, these are the things I found fascinating about it. For one, you're not just stuck with what the platform, like the app or whatever, we look on it now, Netflix, et cetera, is putting in front of you. Like those 10 or 12 movies at a time. You get to kind of consciously wander and you're like, oh, I forgot about this movie. Yeah, yeah. Right. Oh, what? No way. He was in that, they did a movie together.


You see all of these fronts of movies, you'll, you'll see 300 of 'em while you're in there and you'll be like, drama I'll do with that. You know, like different ones like diabetes is a section, you know, there's like, some of the sections have gotten a little bit more casual. They're four Pretty, pretty specific. Yes. I'm gonna get me a good diabetes movie this weekend. This is what I wanna watch. Yeah. I wanna see why. Yeah, I wanna see these lactose intolerant films, whatever. But, but it was total, it's a totally different experience there I was. It's in Bend, Oregon, which is a great place if you only about four, five nice months outta the year at all though, to be honest with you. A lot of bad stuff. That's why they have blockbusters still in, still in business, man. They needed it. But Your brain would be like, oh well what do you, and you'd talk with your friend, what do you think about this? You kind of of discuss it to it just like it was much more, it was so much different than, oh, I'm just gonna pick one off of here.


Yeah. It didn't even feel the same. I Think movies needed it. I do. I think that like when you have access to all of it, it makes all of it not that special. And I think weirdly there was something about like if you went to the video store and you wanted to see a movie and it wasn't in, it made you instantly think that that movie was a bigger deal than anything. And then like when you finally got it, yeah. You would have all this other stuff invested in like, you know. Wow. I'm so lucky I got under Siege. It's here. Yeah. It's in my house. Yeah. Steven Segal, was he in that? He Was, Yeah. Fuck yeah dude. Van Damm, when I was growing up, that shit was blood sport. I can't believe that. That's a genre that doesn't really exist. You're just like, are there no like 20 year olds who know martial arts that are good looking, that can just whip ass and be action heroes.


Like what is going on? People don't wanna see that anymore. That's a great point. Yeah. A lot of, yeah. That kind of stuff doesn't exist. I just watched Interstellar the other day. That was cool. But yeah, that genre doesn't exist, man. Garbage pill, kids cards. We ride and get those bitches. Yeah, that stuff was good. That's good living. Oh, you'd get your ass beat. Do you just sit there watching the highway to heaven? That's us dude. We got this. I don know dude. Yeah dude, look at that. Look at that. Yep. I look like I've obviously done some cocaine. You look like. Yeah. That looks like you got, Unfortunately. Yeah. And that looks like you, That looks like me after I've watched some of them diabetes films.


Yeah, I know. Got a little too deep into it. You'll be The Wilford Grimley dude. That's right dude. My dad bought this car off like some kind of blackish kind of, you know, kind of black guys that lived by us. And it was like some guys that were in the culture with like the big speakers in the car. And at that time it was white and black guys that had speakers in the trunk. But he bought a Cutlass off of him and he would listen to like Paul Harvey and shit, like in his car. And it would just blast this base in there. Just low base for no reason. Paul Harvey. Yeah. That's how it was in my high school too, was like all the, the, you could count that any kid who had like the shittiest car would have just straight up stadium speakers in the back of it. Unreal. It's every, every el every screw rattling in the car. Fucking Unreal.


Dude. That was so much fun. Man. Being alive has been fun, huh? Yeah. Not too bad. We'll See. Yeah, it's been an adventure. Do you like parenting? Is it something that you really enjoy doing? Do you kind of like, was that something that you've, what is something that's surprising that you found about parenting? And then we'll get you outta here Man. You know, I do like it. I think it's fun. You know what's fun about it man is like, you know, I try to stay in pretty involved in my kids' lives. Like I don't want to. I know it goes by quick and I don't want to like miss it all and then have all these regrets. You know, when my kids don't wanna talk to me when they're all grown. I take try to take my kids to school every morning. But I, you know what, it was fun as they got into school. Like going back, like walking in for a parent teacher conference and having to sit in those little chairs and talk to the teacher and be like, I forgot all about the shit.


And, and you just remember all these feelings and emotions of what comes around with the first day of school and yeah, I don't know, it's kind of, and then just seeing childhood from this side of it and you kind of also realize how short it is. You know, when I was a kid I thought my parents' whole existence started when I began and you know, that was their whole life. And then you kind of realize, man, that time period was just a blink in the eye for them. And it's the same. I feel like it, it goes by so quick. My son's like 13, he's gonna be in eighth grade next year. And I already find myself just getting like sappy and sad. Just like it's been a good run. I've really enjoyed raising you. Yeah. 'cause I guess once they hit like yeah, yeah, They don't need you as much. I mean already now it's like we at nighttime, you know, we'll all sit down to hang and he'll be upstairs on the game or talk with his friends.


You kind of, it, it happens quick. Damn. Yeah. Does it hurt a little bit? You can't really express that to 'em. 'cause that's kind of weird, huh? Yeah, It does hurt a little bit. But you also, it's good, you know, you want 'em to be independent. You don't want 'em just sitting there trying to suck off the teet, you know, for too long. Yeah. You need 'em to kind of get out there and wanna spread those wings. Yeah. Have you ever wanted to pull off like a heist or something? That's my last question for you. Yeah, Of course. Who hasn't, man? Rob somebody. Yeah. Fuck yeah. I'm not even talking about a corporation. I'm talking about just some sucker walking down the street. Yeah. A nice watch on. If you were to do a bank robbery, you had to go in there with a couple of guys. Who do you bring in there with you, Denny? Well, I think I, after this wonderful conversation, I feel like you'd be game, I'd bring you in, I'd bring Tony Caval in.


Maybe you guys could confuse people by them not knowing who's who, you know, that could be a good distraction. I'd take the whole gang of righteous gemstones in there. Man. I even John Goodman, he's got, he can, he can throw down. I think we can take anybody. We'd take all that money. Well he beat all that fat he Had. Yeah, he did. He beat the shit outta that. Yeah, He sure did. And John is such a, a massive dude. He's so tall. He is. He really? Yeah. He's, he's in a towering presence. Well, He was a sped there was a rumor that he had lived in Ham Bogalusa, Louisiana. So he was always like one of these like, rumored people that lived in the distance, you know, so there was always a strong love for John Goodman from Louisiana area. Yeah, he's a really, I always, I grew up always loving him always and Oh yeah, it was was, it was insane to be able to get to work with him on this show.


I just, it'll be, one of the things I'll miss the most about making this show was getting to see him every season. Really? Yeah. He was great. Awesome. What's he, what's makes him so great? I mean obviously he's a, he's a generational talent. He's a father of, you know, he's been a father to half of America over at, over times. He Just, I mean, you look at him, it's like he was making TV shows when TV wasn't cool and he would still be able to go popping and work with the Cohen brothers and, you know, he just was doing his own thing and been doing it for this long and always funny. Always good. I mean, he never shows up in something and it's not impressive. And yeah, it's funny, like even being an actor and looking around, you look at it and you're like, most people have maybe a handful of years in them.


You know, like you look at people and you really do. Like I would, I would think about actors that I saw in movies when I was a kid and you'd kind of be like, oh man, what happened to that person? You know, like, and you'd kind of look at their homography and you're like, oh man, most people only have a span of a few years, maybe even a decade. And then you, they kind of disappear. And that's A good point. Just like with your favorite sports players. Yeah. And, and then, but you look at a guy like Goodman and how long he's been working and you realize like that's no easy feat and that he stays relevant and he stays good. And the stuff he chooses is cool. And the roles he plays are cool. It's, you know, it's admirable. Yeah. Yeah. Carol O'Connor's buried not far from my apartment in Westwood. Oh wow. And I'll, I'll take people over there a lot of times and if they're visiting in town or whatever and he was, he's definitely one of my favorites.


'cause if in the heat of the night, oh yeah. God, That show is so good. Oh, I like your TV pics, dude. You like, you're a in the heat of the Night Guy and highway to heaven. Yeah. I just love, I love like kind of southern kind of, I just, yeah. I love those things, man. Those are some of my favorites for sure. But what was I gonna, what, who, who was I? Oh, Carol O'Connor. Who else is buried there? Marilyn Monroe. Boom. Same cemetery in The same, in the same coffin. I hear Errol. That's good. Yeah, I heard she's working nights. They Doubled him up. Yeah. Errol Flynn. I'm just gonna keep advertising this place. Errol Flynn. Oh, Hugh Hefner's buried there also. Walter Mattau. Wow. So anyway, So which cemetery is this?


Is that Hollywood Forever Cemetery? No, no, It's in fucking Westwood. Dude. You wouldn't even know it. It's behind a building. You're like, what the fuck? It's like behind a next hill building. It does, there's no other like blocks of grass anywhere near it. It's just like big buildings, tall, huge buildings. And then there's this one little bitty, it's a, it's fucking 40 square yards. Wow. That's that. Got some kings in that bitch. A lot of Persians in there too. A lot of names you can't really pronounce, but that's it right there, dude. Beautiful. Walter Mattos in that bitch. Dude, That's what's so crazy about LA is I feel like they, the LA has done a really shitty job of like maintaining the history of this place. You know, like, mm. I feel like every time I try to rent an apartment, back in the day, everyone would tell you like, oh, Charlie Chaplin lived down the street.


Charlie Chaplin was here. But you're like, you realize this shit is, it is these people mean something to people. And the idea that like so much gets built and torn down. Like I feel like you look at Hollywood Boulevard, you're like, man, this should just be like Colonial Williamsburg. This should be some shit where you just walk in and it looks exactly like it used to back in the day. That's a great point. You know, it's like this is such a unique, there's such a unique history to this place that, you know, it's kind of sad that all you can do is go to a little cemetery to go see these things. It'd be kind of cool if you could walk in the same bars and restaurants they did and Or stand you go by their apartment. Yeah. If you got to go by the apartment that Walter Matto lived in, Yeah. I think it would, it would mean something to people.


It really would. That's A good point. I never thought about that. Yeah. 'cause you'll go like, we'll preserve some places like Charleston preserves their history. I like a lot of like, but yeah, Hollywood just kind of, Hollywood's never had much of a memory. Kind of. I feel like it just, Well, and it's the thing, I think in the day everyone's just trying to survive. But now when you kind of look back at what Hollywood is, you're like, wow, there's some pretty influential things and people that have been around here, and some of these places that people take for granted are, they have like cultural and historical significance. Fuck. You're right. Danny, take That. Take that season four. Righteous, Jim Stones, Adam Dev Divine's coming in too to talk to us some. Oh good. I know. He's just gonna sit here and lie his ass off. That's all he does. Yeah. He also li he complains that he, like he said, he was getting that shin thing where he gets elongated or whatever.


Yeah. Yeah. He's made up a lot of stuff. He's A good, he, he's a sweet man. I really, I've been, he'll be like another one that I'll just, I'll miss seeing him every year. He's so awesome. Yeah. It's weird when a set ends, when the shoot ends, it's just like, it's like, it's the, like the last day of school. Yeah. Everybody's saying goodbye to everybody getting all these photos and then the next day or two you're just sitting Yeah. As everything's like back to normal. It's all Yeah. But hopefully I get to keep in touch with a lot of these people. Oh, For sure. Walton Goggins and Ededie Patterson. You know, I met them on, on on Vice principals and both of them are like two of my closest friends, so. Oh, really? Yeah. So hopefully I'll get to keep in touch with these, with these people. We, we, we played a family. Maybe we need to act like one. Yeah, I like that challenge.


Daniel, everybody thanks so much for all the entertainment, dude, all the inspiration and yeah, I just really appreciate your time, man. I hope you continue to make fun stuff. I'm sure you will. And congrats on getting to spend time with your kids. Thank you, man. I hope you put that dick laser to good use. Okay. Don't you fucking worry. Don't you fucking worry. I'm putting this onto some fucking bitches back at the UFC fight this weekend. Thank you so much, man. Thank you buddy. You bet. Thanks for this gift. Yeah. Very nice. You're gonna Use it. I can already tell. Now I'm Just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of by I I, it's going to take.