
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 Plus in President elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call one eight hundred Gambler.


I have some tour dates to tell you about. We'll be coming to College Station, Texas Belt in Texas, Oxford, Mississippi, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Chicago, and Miami. All tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. Make sure to not go to any secondhand site. Just go through the links at Theo Von dot com slash TUR. Today's guest is a standup comedian. He's a podcaster. He has a new special called Life on Netflix. It is miraculously done. I'm very thankful to have him return to the podcast.


Today's guest is Mr. Andrew Schultz. Good to see you, man. Good to see you too. Congratulations on the child. Thank you, bro. Appreciate that. Congratulations on all your success. Thanks, man. Yeah, I appreciate it, dude. I saw I'm like 17 minutes into your special Right now. Oh, cool. Cool, Cool, cool. So dude, the control you have on stage is, that's something I really admire.


Like this. Like, it's almost like a sharp shooter up there. Kind of like there's something I don't know, but you're, the way you have this controlling stage is something, it's great. Thank You man. I appreciate that, brother. Yeah, It's cool, man. How many times you guys shoot? Twice? We did four shows. Wow. Yeah, two and night I That venue so beautiful. It shot so well who Shot it? Thank you. So I had my guys do it like shifty, shifty, edited. I, I mess, I forget the guys who's the dp. And then Troy Miller was the director. And yeah, it's tricky, like filming. Filming standup is so tricky, especially when you do these, you know, we're used to just kind of doing it all ourselves. So then you go do a special Yeah.


And you kind of realize that like each department is fighting against one another. Like the video department wants to make it look beautiful, but making it look beautiful might make the audio sound bad. Ah. The audio department wants to make it sound beautiful. What makes it sound beautiful might mean your mic is really low in the room. So now the show could be shitty for the audience. You know what I mean? Yeah. So there's like all these, like, we had speakers, I don't know if you know, like in the front, like usually a lot of times people Don't Yeah, that's one time you had your foot up on it. Yeah. And like most people don't do that because the shot is more beautiful if you just have like raw stage. But I was like, I think that the special will be better if, if the audience enjoys it the most.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like that's How I agree with that. Yeah. Because if they have fun, you have fun. Exactly. I was like, there was, there was one, there was one, I think it was like show one and there was like miscommunication or something. The, the camera guy was a really sweet guy, but like, he thought it was his job to just keep walking down the aisle and back up the aisle with the camera. And I'm like, bro, they gotta believe that this is kind of just happening. And when you walk in front of them with a camera, the illusion kind of falls apart. Right? Yeah. They feel like they're part of a filming instead of like, just part of this show. So Yeah. That's a tricky, I wish I didn't even have to tell 'em we were, we were filming. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I I Right. Just make it be a regular show. Yeah. This is just a show. So if you guys yell out or do something, this is, this is natural as it could possibly Be.


I wonder if he coulda probably could've done that in hindsight. Yeah. I mean, earlier ones I was able to do that, but I think this one, I don't know, this one maybe I was like nervous. I was like, fuck, I really wanna make sure that we could, you know, fill that place four times. Yeah. And you know, I, I don't know, It's a huge venue. It's beautiful. What is that? Yeah, It's the beacon in New York. Wow. Yeah, it's pretty. Yeah. Dude, this looks, I mean, I thought, I was like, this is unbelievable looking. Oh, thanks Man. Yeah, you guys crushed it. Even the good font that they chose for Andrew Schultz life I thought was perfect. Oh, thank you. There was just a lot of great choices, I thought. Yeah. The, the first, the a Netflix special, the, you know, the first thing that comes up on the black screen, that's actually my wife's handwriting.


Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah. She wasn't aware that that's what it was, but it, it was because I don't know how far you are in the special yet, but most of it is this like, journey of us trying to get pregnant. Yeah. Yeah. That's where I'm, I'm at to like, let think, oh, after you saw the baby, but it's, you haven't gone through the journey about getting pregnant. It's just the actual seeing the child, I guess. Oh Yeah. The C-section story and all that kind of stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Dude, it's incredible. Congrats, man. Thanks Man. Thank you. Yeah. Good to see you, man. Good To see you, man. It's been a while. Unbelievable, bro. Unbelievable. It's fricking been a while, dude. I know. Dude, you've been caught up in some beef. You were in the fucking rat beef. I was like, this dude, I thought you were gonna pop out a Super Bowl. You know, I was supposed to go to the Super Bowl. Oh, I, I was supposed to be part of the show.


I was, how wild is this shit gonna get? Nah, I know. We were gonna go, actually, how about you were there, right? No, I didn't go, man. No, I was, me and David Page started making that movie. And so we were, we had shoot that on that. How's that going? It's interesting, man. Yeah. It's done. Do you like, do, because I remember like years ago when we were doing the pod, there was a, you know, hopefully you don't feel bad about me sharing, but you had some frustration with like, not being able to create these projects. Do you remember us having these conversations where you're like, you really wanted to make a TV show and didn't feel like those doors were open and now, oh Yeah, you're Making this movie, you know, you're the top of the world. It must feel pretty cool. Well, I think we just did it ourselves. Nobody wanted to make it. We took it out, we took it to the streamers and we Oh, you created your own movie. Yeah. Bef You filmed it before even.


No, no, no. We pitching it to them. We pitched it first. Okay. Okay. Right. So we pitched it and nobody, no way. Oh dude. We couldn't get, and it was spade, you know, I'm like, Even with you and Spade at this point in your career, there was still hesitation. I just felt Like it would've been nice to feel some support there, you know? Yeah. Like, it just would've been like, Hey, look, just even as a good faith thing, we'll do the, you know, something Also, you probably got PTSD too from like years of wanting to do these things and not really feeling it. That's true. That's true. And then like, now you're at this point where you're on top of the world. You're like, all Right, now everybody's gonna give me the opportunity. And then to still feel that, oh, that sucks. Yeah. But then I realized it's just how it, it's just life. Yeah. I think I didn't feel like I, I dunno if I felt on top.


I felt like this was a brave thing we're trying to do. Yeah. It was a new thing I was learning, but I felt like with Spade, it kind of was gonna be okay because he kind Of no brainer. Right. He knows what he's doing. That's The other thing is like given us money to make a movie. Like we're kind of knuckleheads. It's kind of a bad idea. Yeah, it is. Like, like to us it's a great idea. We're like, we'll figure it out. And they're like, have you done this before? And I'm like, nah. But it's just, it's a movie. Right. It can't be that hard. Right. But a guy like Spade, he's done it before, you know? Yeah. He'll Fucking know. Exactly. He'll have the camera in in his trunk of his car. It's easy. Everything Will be fine. Easy. We got it all figured out. So yeah. Why do we have that attitude? Like we, we want to make a movie and it costs $30 million and we're like these fucking assholes.


How dare they not give us $30 million, even though we've proven we could do nothing. What is that about? What in our, that's a great point. That's kind of on us a little bit. Oh, totally. It Totally is. Is that narcissism? Is it ego? Well, I think, I would never think gimme dirt. I would ne like, if they even try to do something like that, I'd be like, this is insane. But what I think, what I realized then it was, I, I just wanna do something. If I can do it by myself, whether it's win or lose, it's like, yes, I'd rather make it something small. And then, and even if some like was like, let hey, come do it with us or some studio. I don't wanna do that. It's like, I just wanna do something that it's like, yeah, okay. Will people like this? Yeah. Will they believe that I tried my best? Like Yeah. Even if it's not that good, it's like that's okay.


I can just tell people that go to see it in advance. Hey, I'm not gonna be that great in it, but it'll be a cool movie. Yeah, yeah. You know, like, I just don't wanna lie to, it's just like, as long as there's just a transparency, then I think it's fine. You know? I think people admire those that take risks. I think that's almost like an American thing in general. We like risk takers. We like people who are brave. And I wonder if it's baked in our DNAA little bit like our family members that left their families around the world to never see them again for like maybe an opportunity here. Right. Like I think that we're probably, we have like the DNA of the biggest risk takers on the planet. Yeah. Like Christopher Columbus, dude. Like what about his sister or whatever. Yeah. Boring Bitch. Yeah. She just got left and fucking wherever.


Probably lived a way better life. She's not learning Native American. She's just chilling. She's not over here lying to Indians for fucking For lunch. Just shows up. What do you mean there's no gold? Yeah. But dude, you had it. Imagine taking off in a boat. You people are like, where you head, you're like, I don't fuck it. Know you trying to be cool. Right? 'cause it's like your last day on the docks or whatever. You're like, I don't know. We'll figure it out when we get out there. Re like, we get out There, you guys, you gotta be selling the dream though. You're like, no, no, no. Trust me. That's true. Trust me. It's crazy over there. Oh yeah. They got everything. Women that get out there, I heard they could You get a couple miles out there. There's just a lot of women out there. They got 'em on the way. Yeah. You don't even have to make it the whole way they got stops.


Yeah, it is. So anyway, so I think, I think like naturally, you know, you get a lot of success. There are gonna be people that enjoy seeing you fail or whatever it is. But unfortunately, I guess human beings, we got that in us a little bit. But I do also think, feel like the people that ride for you appreciate the risk that you'd be taking. Yeah. I do think like all of us as comedians, I think they do. I think that's one of the reasons why comedians are and podcasts and maybe does well is because, well, for one, I think we, we try to, I don, this sounds fucking egomaniacal. I have no idea. Well say it, say it, say it. But no, I, I heard somebody say that. Like a lot of podcasters, they're just trying to figure out the truth. They just, they're not like, we don't work for anybody. Yeah. So it's like you, if you ask somebody a question, it's just 'cause you want to know.


Usually it's not 'cause like there's a producer saying, let's let's get this answer. Yeah. Yeah. Curiosity's kind of punished in a way. But maybe it's 'cause they'll put us on such a pedestal. They're like, you should know the answer to these things. It's like, well, I don't, and that's why this guy's here. 'cause I'm trying to figure out the answer to it. Yeah. And I just wanna know their take. Like Right. I might not even be able to communicate that well, a rebuttal or grill 'em that well, but I just wanna like, I Wanna grill 'em. Right. I wanna know what they think and then I'll bring somebody else who thinks something different and I'll ask 'em that. And, but yeah, that is, I guess maybe some criticism. It's like, well, why'd you ask? Why didn't you ask this question? Or why didn't you rebuke, rebuke that? And it's like, bro, I don't know. I don't know anything just yet. Yeah. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a politician. Yeah.


Like, I got in this own trap of just 'cause of last year we got to have some political people on the podcast. Oh yeah. Yeah. And I was like, then dude, there was like a, like a month ago I started thinking like, oh, I'm a political guy. Right. For like, Did you feel like you had to be informed? Were you like reading Wall Street girdle And shit? No, I just like, I thought like, 'cause here was the crazy thing. People started coming up to me. I'm a political guy. Yeah, dude. Well, people would come up to me and ask me about political shit. I was like, like asking Your take. Yeah, Dude. I was like, just fucking know. I don't know dude. Like, you know, or like, so, but then I started to realize, wow, people's perceptions are affected, like how they see people, where they see them at and stuff. And then I was like, well, I do have some political thoughts.


Like most of 'em are just kind of regular people's kind of thoughts and ideas. Yeah. Like, they're not super in depth. But yeah, I think for like a week I started smoking my own nuts and thinking I was like, fucking who? J Edgar Hoover or somebody. You know? I actually think that like, whatever your perception or your feelings are about something that's actually more valuable than what the like, factual truth is. Oh, yeah. Because most people aren't reading up on the factual truth. Right. Like, you gotta meet people where they are emotionally. That's a good point. And the people are trusting their gut. So I think yeah. When, when, when you do just talk to somebody and you don't let the people, let people decide, well, do I, do I think like, I believe that guy, do I, you know, and then they get to decide. Right? And you might hate what that person says, but don't dismiss him because there might be a lot of people that feel that same way.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, there's a lot of people, like, I've heard people say this a lot. They go, they go, you know, the economy actually wasn't that bad, you know, under Biden or whatever it is, the economy. And it's like, bro, bro, you can't tell somebody who feels the economy is bad, that it's not bad. That's a good point. Right. Like they, if they feel like the eggs are expensive, that's what they feel. It's like, I would say this, like if I get into an argument with my wife, like I do something to piss her off. And like, she doesn't want me to explain to her why she shouldn't be upset. Mm. Right. Like, that never works. Right. Like, I know you're upset, but you shouldn't be because of these reasons. She Said, fuck you. She just wants me to be like, Hey, my bad.


I'm sorry I made you feel that way. And I feel like our whole political discourse, and I don't know anything about politics, but I feel like the whole political discourse is just like, you're wrong because, and then the other side going, you're wrong because, and then it's just shows set up to dunk on one another. Like there's no good faith conversation. It's, it's true. And the second we're out here having like a good faith conversation. Like we bring somebody on and we're just like, all right, so what do you feel about the world? People go to us like, you fucking asshole. Yeah. How dare you not dunk on that guy? Like, how dare you not humiliate him on your podcast so I can feel good at home. It's crazy, right? Yeah. Yeah. And you can't win. Like we had like Candace Owens and Hasan Piker, they're like different sides of the aisle last week. Right?


So You had like, Rogan had Ian Carol, and you had Candace on like, I think the same day. It was a tough, tough week for Israel. Drew stayed inside, Stayed Inside, Stu went to the tunnels. They're like, we, We everybody into the tunnels, Put the mattresses back in, son, we gotta figure, we gotta regroup. But dude, I didn't fucking, I thought, well, somebody from the left and somebody from the Right. Right. Yeah. But I didn't, Oh bro. Sorry to Go. Go ahead. Yeah. I had no, I, I was just like, okay, let's, let's hear some different thoughts and different opinions or whatever you Got. That's, that's the other thing I realized, like, I think it was after the last special, right? I was like, okay, you know what, I'm, I'm gonna kind of chill. Like, I wanna spend time with my family, my friends. Like, I, I like, I'm not gonna go out and do as many like pods and stuff like that.


You know? I got a lot of work that I'm doing at home and, and I don't know what, like, I'm not saying I'm famous, but I don't know what the fuck like it is to be fame. Like, I never wanted to be famous. Like, I knew that that might have been like a byproduct of having success in comedy, but it wasn't like, I never like, studied being famous. Like I didn't give a fuck about like, how to be a famous person. Does that make sense? Like we, I mean, well who knew that podcasts would have such would be, and clips of podcasts would get out so much. Would be huge. Right? Yeah. So like, I remember I was like, okay, I'm not, I'm, I'm just gonna chill. I'm like, I'm not gonna be doing as many pods, et cetera, cetera. And that's the thing that I realized, like, having different voices on your pod doesn't really do anything for your, for the people's perception of you that aren't your fans.


Wait, say it one more time. So I hear it. So Like, so we pro I, I don't wanna put words in your mouth, but like, we probably think like, I'm gonna have different voices on my podcast and like, one I'm curious and I wanna know what they think. But two, I, I wanna also like, let the people out there in the world know, like I care about hearing from different people. Yeah. And I care about having diversity of thought on my podcast. Right. The people that don't know you, the casuals are just judging you by the worst thing you've ever had on your podcast. Right. And the worst thing you've ever said. Yeah. Right. I didn't realize this until recently. The, the best way to like thwart those perceptions of you is not by having people on your show. 'cause the casuals don't watch your show. It's by going to your biggest critic's show and sitting down with them or, or not even your biggest critic, but like going to somebody who like, might have a very different like worldview than you.


And then you guys sit down and realize, oh shit, we actually don't have that different worldview. Yeah. That was all a perception. Mm. Anyway. I think a lot of times we go, okay, we're really busy. It's like hard for us to go around and do different shows and that kind of stuff because I, I think our perception is, is not going like, how can I be the most famous person? Like, I don't give a fuck. I wanna make the coolest standup that I possibly can. I wanna hang out with my friends and I wanna talk some shit on podcasts. Like, that's enough for me. Yeah. But I've realized the importance now of going to other people's homes and having those conversations. You know, like we had Hassan on our pod, it probably would've been more beneficial for me to also go on his stream and talk to him and let him bring up shit that I said and like, tell me, have him tell me like why I'm missing this like, nuanced point and be like, oh, that's interesting.


Like that might actually be better for the people that barely understand me or don't even know me. That's what you're saying to have like a more holistic view of, of me and like understand who I am as a Person. Right. To actually go into their world a little bit more. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause then you find things about me that might not come up on the pot. Yeah. Like you start asking me things about like how I feel about, you know, I dunno, whatever it is. I don't know if it's fucking like Marxism or some shit like that. And I go, oh yeah, maybe that actually that kind of sounds good on paper. Yeah. I don't know. It'd be nice if there was a little bit more quality for people and people who had nothing had the ability to come up. That'd be pretty Cool. Yeah. Little light Marxism. Yeah. Just Light. Nah. You know what I mean? Hey, you can't, you gotta cut it with something you got, you need majority capitalism. You Know, it's like a cappuccino, you know what I mean? You can't have we not taking espresso shots of Marxism, you know what I mean?


But it is just, we like capitalism. Yeah. Just a fucking latte. Just Yeah. Half calf. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Damn dude. Yeah. I, I don't know. It's all, it's definitely been, well, mainstream media just got so like, I don't know. The whole thing has been bizarre, man being a part of podcasting, you know, all the strange little connections that are out there. Mm. I mean, like you were saying, GA ga Gavin Newsom just started a podcast where he's having people who kind of disagree with him. And he had Charlie Kirk on. I Think it's a really smart thing, Which is pretty wild. You know? I Think it's a really smart thing. We're talking about that at the beginning. And Dove your producer said that. Well, he felt like this was kind of newsom's last hope too.


Yeah. It's like, 'cause he was probably, he's probably on the way out, so unless he could do something to salvage that a hundred percent. But Having a podcast and is having people you don't agree with, hang out with you for a while is pretty brave. It's Also like, show, that's exact word I was gonna, it is like brave. You wanna show bravery. And I think, like, not to be political or whatever, but I think in the last, and again, I don't care about politics, but like culture is interesting to me. But I think in the last, you know, election with the podcast run, and I just wanna say personally, I don't think that we changed the election at all. I Agree a Hundred percent. I have, I have no ego about that. That was decided way before us. Yeah. Like, it, it, it made me, made people feel more comfortable voicing how they were already gonna vote.


But I don't think people are watching, like, I'm completely flipped on this. Yeah. That's insane also. Yeah. But, but yeah, I think that the, the lack of representation of Kamala and even like her constituents on the podcast run, I think it showed a lack of bravery. Yeah. Like the, the feeling was like, oh, they're scared to go have potentially tough conversations. It wasn't even gonna be tough with us. I know. What are we gonna grill her on? I couldn't even think of a thing. I mean, I heard that she roller skated a lot and I would be curious about that, but it's like, other than that, it's like, I don't know what I would've talked about. But, But her people are Going, we can't go on field. I mean, he's just gonna come with a hard headed question Re like what?


Right. Like something like that is insane. Yeah. But we don't, you don't you appreciate that like, as, as much as Gavin Newsom just seems like a plastic bag in the wind. I'm also like, Hey, this, I'm brave you, you're willing to sit down on something recorded. I, I wouldn't talk to Charlie Kirks. That Motherfucker's a good argue. I know. Kidding Joke. Candace too. Candace, I, I always say that's Rogan said Candace is is John Wick. You do not get in Her fucking way. Uhuh. Oh, she, yeah. She's definitely, yeah. When You said her kid looked like Anthony Smith, I was like, you better. I, I was like, you a crazy motherfucker, right? Yeah, bro. You That daughter And look a beautiful kid. That beautiful kid. She feels like you just Stop the beautiful, that's what you do.


You stop the beautiful because you do not want Candace To get fixated. Okay. Oh yeah. True. You do not want her To get fixated the second she comes up with a theo video. You gotta hope something happens In Israel, pal. Shift the attention God own type. Yeah. I, I can't Bro, that was layered. 'cause you made a German as well. I brought that in. I can't believe that happened. Good. Thank you dude. GTE Is good. I did not believe that was gonna come up. I just started with Gaza and then I was like, I, this won't be funny. Yeah. I Hope people get how layered that is. That Thank you. That was teamwork though. I don't know about That. I I think you went 1 0 1 right there. I said that her daughter looks a little bit, she's beautiful. She Oh, the daughter is beautiful.


So I think what we gotta say is that Anthony Smith is a beautiful little girl. Yeah. Like, I think that's the better way of describing Oh, he's, he's a savage fighter. Oh, he's, He's the 50 Charlemagne baby. Safest. Say that. I think he's all the safest. No, he does look mixed. A little bit. Is he mixed? Oh, Anthony. Yeah. He is mixed with what I'm, I don't know. I think he's lot, you know, he's latte or whatever they call it. He is, yeah. But Anthony's incredible. And that little, and that the daughter looks incredible. Aw, she's beautiful. I know. Yeah. She's beautiful. But shout out to Candace. It's so funny how like, he Shout out to Charlamagne too. I, I just made, I, I made a joke one time about him. I said he had, he was Oh, he is handsome.


Handsome. Yeah. Yeah. He is Handsome. He loved That one. And I don't remember what happened with it, but I just thought it was, I think he brought it up. He was like, this is a deal. One, I'm handsome. Anytime. He's He doesn't age though. Oh dude. No. He's killing it. Yeah, he's killing it. You know, I would like to get to me, I've never, I don't know if I've ever met him. I gotta Connect you guys, man. Yeah. You guys would've a great talk. I bet we probably would. Oh yeah, of course. Yeah. I just saw that they just had, who did they have on there that I love? Who want Breakfast Club? Yeah. I can't remember. You know, the Candace Balone stuff? I don't know if you were following that at all. I Didn't get into that. I don't get into a lot of the celebrity lore. The only reason why it's interesting to me is that, you know, like Candace has like been positioned in a way on the internet, right?


Like, and she existed there and people had her opinions on her and like everybody was stuck. They were like, that's this girl and, and bad. No, no, no, no, no. We don't listen to her at all. And she started talking about that Blake Lively thing. And even my wife was hitting me like, have you heard this Candace Owens girl talking about, I mean, she just exposes the whole thing. Like, it's crazy how like, like social utility frames how people see you. So you could be a bad guy and then you start talking in depth about something that people care about. And then all of a sudden, while you're talking about that, you're a good guy. Right? You're a hero. That's interesting. Like, What does that say about us?


Is, is it? Well, it's the same with the politic thing. It's like people see you talking to a politician and now, like at your Christmas and family stuff, people are coming up and talking to you about asking about politics and shit and foreign protocol or whatever. You're like, You're like, what should we do in Syria? Theo? Yeah. You're Like, man, Let, lemme make a call or two. I don dunno. Yeah. People are asking if I was gonna be an ambassador to something or whatever, Why would you be an ambassador? I don't know. You gotta ask for Louisiana. Yeah. And they're like, We don't, we don't need one of them. Yeah. But we should make a special position. Yeah. But we need, Hey, look, I don Dunno if you've heard some of the slang down there, but we, We need someone who can communicate. We need an interpreter between the White House and Booie.


Okay. Because we're fucking, we're losing information. Theo Vaughn for Ambassador of Louisiana, the greatest thing the Trump administration has ever done. What? Shake it like a dog baby. Do what you do. I'll just be fucking, I'll be, I'll be breaking down rap lyrics for him. Oh Dude, that is creepy. Is that Robert Green's face on the 48 laws of power? Oh my God. That is one of the most terrifying things I keep looking at. Like, over your, over your shoulder. That's crazy. I thought it was Dexter. Now He looks like Vigo from Ghostbusters two. Remember the dude in the painting? Bring him up. Vigo. Did you see Ghostbusters too?


No. No, I didn't see it. My mom wouldn't let us watch that kinda stuff. Oh wow. He does. And so do I a little bit. No. And so does Alan Dershowitz. Yeah, Alan got that. See, you are involved in politics, you know all these names. Well, but you, You're plugged in, bro. But aren't we plugged in? Here's the cr The funny thing about Candace is they're like, they were like, you're an anti-Semite. And she's like, oh, fucking call me whatever you want. I'm a fucking, I have one of the top 10 podcasts in the world. She really don't care. She is, She doesn't give off. Fuck. She is. She does not. She. And The amount of people that listen to her, it's like, it's true. It's true. And she, and she changes public sentiment. Like she flipped that whole Blake Lively bald thing that flipped. Like he was a, I don't wanna say pariah, but people were like, this guy's a fucking douche bag. Another one of these. Like I'm a fem male feminist guys.


And then you're really a creep on set. She completely 180 the internet on that Baldoni gotta give her a check. That's a good point. And she don't even want it. I bet she gotta be so rich because there you need to be, you need to have some money to be that brave and have kids. That's A good point, huh? Right. Like once you have kids, you gotta, you know, you gotta make sure you can protect those kids. The dad must be like a, a rifleman or something. Or like a The dad of the babies, right? The Dad. Yeah. Somebody has to be, yeah. They're gonna hire Anthony Smith now to actually help protect our family's family. It's like, that'd be pretty great actually. Denzel Washington man on fire. Yeah, That'd be pretty great. Dude.


That'd be so great. They show up to their next someplace with the whole family. And Anthony Smith is their fucking bodyguard. That would be pretty sick dude, bro. She could be in the bodyguard. It's, that's the new bodyguard starring Candace Owens and Anthony Smith. Wow. Whose baby is it? Actually? You don't wanna do that? No. She'll get pissed. Dude. You don't wanna do that. And what does she, what does, she breaks the story down. She finds out that it's, that's the whole story. Stop it. Stop it, stop it. You have A deep dive on her. She it, she's surprised by her own Yes. Results. You would never see that coming. No. But that sounds like a cool, it actually sounds like a cool movie or something.


Yes. But we're just joking, Candace. We do not Candace by The way, we want no problems at all. We want zero problems. Are we all looking into the cams when we say this? Yeah. Can't we want zero problems? Yep. Okay. Zero Problems. Weinstein didn't do it. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Wait. That's what she's on. That's right. That's what she's saying now. That's what she's saying. But yeah, I will say this. You Can't predict her at All. No. She's brave and she's thorough. Yeah. And she's never lost a lawsuit. So There she is. But it is kind crazy how like the mainstream media had just been this machine, and then now you're starting to see like, oh, well what about these stories you never heard about? What about the fact that some information might not even be true because it was all just kind of like part of a plan. Like Yeah.


That shit's kinda wild. Yeah. And that makes podcasting and like freelance communication or whatever it's called. Yeah. Even more interesting. Well, yeah. I don't even know what to believe now. What I'm, you see clips and I start, but I'm like, yeah. Oh, this is what I, and you're like, dude, I have, there's no real place to get completely the truth. Factual truth. Well, maybe because except your instinct. Yeah. But maybe because like, there is no complete factual truth. That could be it too. I think that's the thing. And I think it was probably easier when there's like a few different news channels to disseminate information. Like kind of, we all agree on more, Hey, this is what happened during the Civil War. Right. This is what happened during the Revolutionary War. All right. This is what happened during World War ii.


I didn't even know Russia did anything during World War II until like a few years ago. Yeah. I found out like 25 million Russians died. World War Ii Uhuh. Yeah. Are you serious? Yeah. Pull that up. How many Russians died in World War ii? That's unbelievable. You don't ever hear about that. Never hear about, but why would we teach that? Right. You know? But it gives you a different concept of who did what? 27 million. Wow. Oh my God. Yeah. 19 million civilian deaths. 8.7 million military deaths. That's the thing with Russia. What? It's tricky. It's like, So they were an allied force, right? Yeah. And then immediately afterwards, you know, we started, you know, beefing in the Cold War and all that kind of stuff. But yeah, we had a united cause at one point in time because I think Hitler invaded Russia.


Oh, wow. Yeah. But the problem with invading Russia is like, they have a, like a cultural acceptance of misery. Right. So they kinda like it in the beginning. Is that what you're saying? Of War? You're saying? They're like, Oh, finally this is our, we're back to homeostasis. Like, Be our guest. Be our guest. Yeah. Like, Yeah, exactly. So, So I don't know. I just feel like if like Americans, we like it, we like, we like, we like nice shit. We like it being comfortable. We're, we're brave. That's what I will say. Like, I don't have concerns about us losing a war. Yeah. Because I do think that we, we value freedom. Like, I don't think we would ever accept being controlled by another country.


I think that the majority of us would rather die before that happens. Right? I Think it's, or we just don't know that it's happening. Oh, Here you go again. Theo. Theo. Here you go. Theo. Theo. Theo. What country are you talking about? Theo? Theo. Theo. Candace. See what you started. Candace. Theo, what are, what are you talking about Right now? Theo? Theo. Look, I'm whooping Goldberg. We're gonna go to commercial break Right now.


Guys, are you ready to win real money this March Mania turn, struggling to choose which teams will pull off an upset. I'm cheering for Lipscomb. Forget about the teams. All you need to focus on are the players' stats. To win big cash prizes with Draft Kings, pick six. And when it comes to massive payouts, DraftKings dunks all over the competition, pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Track your picks for a shot to win huge cash prizes. It's as simple as that. Turn your March mania knowledge into cash today. New players can get $50 in. Pick six credits instantly with just a $5 entry. Download the DraftKings pick six app now and use code Theo. That's code Theo. For new customers to play $5, get $50 in, Pick six credits. Better payouts, Bigger wins Only with Pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one eight hundred Gambler Help is available for problem gambling. Call eight eight eight seven eight nine seven seven seven seven or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer Bonus awarded as non Withdrawable. Pick Six Credits that expire in fourteen days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Before we used Shopify, it was, it was Bonkers baby. It was Cattywampus. We didn't know what was going on. Things run organized. You get to the checkout of our Merch store and it was just fiasco. Shopify helped change things. You can upgrade your business and get the same checkout that we use with Shopify. That's what's going on. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And the not so secret. Secret with Shop Pay that Boost conversions up to 50%. Businesses that sell more, sell on Shopify, upgrade your business and get the same checkout that we use that different businesses like Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash theo, all lowercase, THEO, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash theo to upgrade your selling today. Shopify dot com slash theo.


You are a startup founder. That's what you are. You founded a startup. Finding product market fit is probably your number one priority. But to land bigger customers, you also need security compliance. And obtaining your SOC two or ISO 27 0 0 1 certification can open those big doors, but they take time and energy pulling you away from building and shipping. That's where Vanta comes in. Vanta is the all-in-one compliance solution, helping startups like yours get audit ready and build a strong security foundation quickly and painlessly. How Vanta automates the manual security tasks that slow you down, helping you streamline your audit. And the platform connects you with trusted experts to build your program, auditors to get you through audits quickly. And a marketplace for essentials like PIN testing. So whether you're closing your first deal or gearing up for growth, Vanta makes compliance easy. Join over 9,000 companies, including mini y Combinator and Techstars startups who trust Vanta. Simplify compliance and get $1,000 off at Vanta dot com slash theo. That's VA nta.com/theo for $1,000 off.


That's the problem with like, we're gonna go to our commercial break. Having people Talk to us with like really compelling arguments is like, I will believe the last YouTube video I saw, Whoever put this shit up This quickly, this gotta be ai, right? This has Gotta be ai. There is no way, oh, that's, there is no way. Oh my God. Hey, you're asking for it. Whoever's doing this is asking for it. You need to stop Right now. This, listen, this is not me, whoever's doing this, but Canis looks great. Oh my God. She's stunning. Beautiful woman. Wow. I look like, oh, that's Anthony Smith. I thought that was my face. Fucking no. God. Yeah. The theo cast himself in the movie.


I I cast myself as Anthony Smith. Does it look a I I fucking, my nose is a little bigger than it is though. Lip is the same. I That's crazy. I looked at that two Times. I was like, I wonder how they did that, but let's go. Huh? Wow. Yeah. Can Oh, we're, it's not gonna age well. It'll be fine, Candace. It's, we're joking. It's all jokes, But yeah, I mean, and but the worst that if you see a Charleston White video before you go, see, that's the last one You see. So that's a wild dude. Charleston Man. Have you had him on your show? Nah. Have you? Uhuh? That's a wild dude, man. He, he is just so unpredictable. Every, the next sentence he says is also one of these things where it's like, people who say wild shit can also be hilarious.


Let's stop acting like both of those can't be true. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like him, Dr. Umar, I love Dr. Umar. I've been trying to get Dr. Umar on my show forever. Really? He wouldn't come on. Well, he thinks I wanna debate him. Oh yeah. And I, he, I don't think he understands that. Like, I'm just a fan. Right. Like, I just think he's a hilarious communicator. Does the Culture, does black culture fuck with Dr. Mar or no? As the spokesman for black culture? I would say yes. Yeah. I would. I I I I would say yes. That's fair. Yeah, that's fair. Yeah. Yeah. Because I know sometimes people are iffy on Charleston White in the black culture, you know? Yeah, Yeah. Because I feel like maybe it's like his position is more critical. Right. Whereas like, maybe Dr.


Umar also has the same critiques of certain things, but he is like, Hey, we're black first and we gotta stay united. We gotta lock this down. We gotta do what's best for the community. But he is a, like, magnificently gifted speaker. Like, he just talks in sound bites. He has this like, pastoral repetition. Like remember like early Chris Rocka, he would like repeat the premise over and over again. Yeah. And it kind of like just hanging Yeah. Emblazoned into your head. But yeah. Man. Have you ever talked to him? Charleston White? No. Nomar? Yeah. No, I You're Familiar With him, right? I just heard about him. No joking. One week ago. No way. Somebody mentioned, have you seen Dr. Umar? I think my buddy Zeta told me about him and showed me him. Oh Dude, he was, I thought this, oh, I thought that was fucking Kendrick Perkins or whatever.


I just saw this guy. So you thought Dr. Er was moonlighting on TNT And now everybody's just trusting Everything he says. Yeah. I was like, everything he says fucking changed. You're like, why is Dru ski going to him for dating advice? Why, why is Kenrick b Like that? That they came after Drew's keeping Yeah, that bullshit ass claim. And against Odell too. That's the thing. And then like whatever girl did that shit, like, we'll never hear from her again. So you can just say, say these stupid shit. It is just, you should be, you should have to go to jail for that. Yeah. You should have to go to jail for that shit. Yeah, because he, he has to go out and say, I didn't do that. Right. Like, that's a crazy thing to have to say as a human.


Jay-Z had to say that shit and then they just dropped the lawsuit. Did you see that against Jay-Z? Yeah. Mm. And then again, nobody even notices when the lawsuits dropped, just dropped. It's like, you gotta scream it from the rooftops or else nobody will pay attention. I know. And that goes to that like, hater shit with the successful, it's like, that story was so popular because there was probably a lot of people that were like, man, fuck Jay-Z for having a perfect wife and an amazing family and a child and billions of dollars. Yeah. He probably Did that shit. Damn. And so then they'll, they're the ones tweeting it, sharing it, everything. And there's bots now. I mean it's just, it's definitely bizarre. You got trust your own gut. But yeah, you could see an article, it's the last thing you saw and then you're like, people are like, damn, wasn't that guy addicted to drugs?


You're like, that guy is just won an Oscar. It's just like, you know what I'm saying? If you didn't tap in and what's been going on, you know? Yeah. It's all crazy, man. You'll see stories about yourself that are crazy. I saw a story that I was like a all ajay's child or something from the third generation or something, and I was like, like a billionaire's stepchild or whatever. And I was like, what are you fucking, I was like, if my dad, if we had any money, yeah, they'd never, no one ever had it. But yo here's the thing with that story is like, that story is just to discredit you, right? Like, if you come from crazy money, everybody gets to go, ah, see, it's not real. And he actually didn't have to experience this kind of traumatic childhood and like, right.


This is all bullshit. It's like the story specifically designed to cut your legs out from under you. Yeah. It's like, why, why do people wanna do that? Why is that? And maybe it's in all human beings. Maybe it's just something that we have to, to grapple with. But, you know, but I imagine like the more confident you are in yourself, the more happy you could be for people who get success. Yeah, that's a good point, man. I think realizing that, I think, well I think for a while you come from like a scarcity mentality, you know, where you're like, man, shit's not gonna like fuck somebody's something. Bad's going to, you know, this ain't gonna be okay, this is gonna go away. Right. This starts to change. Or like the government's just gonna come and take everything from you. You Can't believe that it's happened after so many years of trying. Yeah.


And then also you like, you don't know how to have like things. And so you're like, well dude, I remember being ashamed of myself when I didn't have anything and being ashamed of myself when I did have something when you did. But it was really crazy. It was like, I tried to hide, always mask my life because I didn't want people thinking that, seeing that I didn't have anything or that I didn't feel like I was anything. And then I, even when I got a house in Nashville, it's a nice home. It's not like, you know, some cra it's a, it's a nice home, but it's not a like a billion dollar home or anything. Yeah. But I didn't wanna show people my living. I just didn't want 'em to see like, you know, I don't know. It's just fucking crazy. It was like, so in the end there was some part in me that just didn't want to be, that either only cared about what you thought or just didn't want to be happy for myself no matter what.


And then you can never feel comfortable no matter where you are in this, in this journey, man. It's, and that's, I guess, what is, what would they say that that comes down to? Like self-acceptance. It's like once you accept it, like you, you should be entitled to your success. Right. And you work hard for it, then you're not as dependent on like, the validation of others. I know, But It's hard to get away from that. I think. I dunno if it's hard. Some things like doing ayahuasca, that kind of stuff has helped a lot of that stuff go away though. Really? Yeah. That kind of stuff's been a been a, You've done that a few times. Oh yeah. Yeah. I like it, dude. Really? Yeah. You do it enough times to give you this jacket. Oh yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Some guy walks outta the jungle in Costa Rica.


You got a punch card, You get an equals Letterman Jacket. That is so ridiculous. Dude. That Is cool. You know who told me, Neil told me that, oh Yeah, Neil Brennan became the, he became like this connector. Go on. But no, I think that's kind of what it is. Like, you know, Neil is one of his super powers, is his cynicism. You know, like he's constantly consum. I hope he doesn't mind me saying this. Well, he's constantly consumed of like what the, the worst case scenario of something would be or what the worst, what the worst person would think about the thing he's doing. Mm. And what's what's good about that is like when you're creating stuff, you, there's a, there's an advantage in that.


You're always thinking about what your biggest critic could say. So maybe you really try to sharpen every premise and sharpen every joke and make sure there's no fat and it's like infallible. And the negative aspect about that is that like, if you're just creating for them, it's hard to create something authentically. Ah. And then he said, he was like, listen, after I did that, like that voice started to dim a bit and like, I didn't have, I wasn't constantly consumed with the critic and I was able to make I think my best shit. And I think that's true. It's like, it's hard to create authentically when you're worried about what critics would say. Like you're just making shit for them. You know, like, Well for, for somebody, especially when your whole life, you've only tried to, you've gained a lot of your acceptance from other people.


Yeah. You know, I think that's probably been a lot of my life, but I didn't even know who I was. There wasn't a me. So the only thing there was was your reaction. Yeah. So I didn't fucking Do you think you found yourself? I think it's gotten better as I've gotten older. Yeah. I think some of it is getting older. You just kind of like, I can't even fucking whoever you are, motherfucker, we gotta Come out. We ain't got a lot of time left, bro. Yeah, Motherfucker. You Now hide for 40 years. My boy like, enjoy some of this shit. We got a new jacket. Yeah, bro. Hey man, come on out man. We gotta, we gotta figure this shit out. You just getting tired of it, you just get That's funny. That's great dude. Yeah. So I don't know.


But I think also you just get older and you're like, I, there's just no, you're, whatever part of you that still cares about that shit starts to go away. I think it's just exhausted too. Well I, I think of chasing its tail kind of, Maybe that's the, maybe that's the release for you with something like ayahuasca where instead of like constantly searching for what it is or who you are, you do feel connected to whatever this greater existence is. And you just get to go, okay, I'm not gonna fucking worry all day about what exactly I am and what I don't have. And just be this, you know, bottomless pit that a lot of us in entertainment can be like, there is, and maybe that's what you need. Maybe you need that reminder. Yeah. Maybe you need that reminder. You're part of something bigger. Yeah. I think that that's a good point.


'cause once you feel like you're part of something bigger than some connection, then you kind of don't just think about yourself. You're not as isolated. Yeah. You're not. It's it's one, it's, it's, there's something liberating about knowing things are way bigger than you. Yeah. When it's not bigger than you, it's very easy to get caught in your own head. It, it's, fuck, it's a lot of pressure. I imagine if you're just thinking about you and like how you're being perceived and if you're becoming the man you thought you would be and you know, if you feel comfortable with the success you've had, how other people will react to that success. Oh yeah. Fuck. That's crippling. That shit's. Yeah. There's a lot of stuff that's kind of like scary I think as you get older. I think. Yeah. Popularity's kind of scary. Watching your own ego and being conscious of like what is your ego and what is just you trying to have some self-confidence in yourself.


Especially if some of those things are kind of like, you're like kind of a late bloomer and some of that shit's happening, you know, can be happens simultaneously. It's all, yeah. What's an example of that? I mean, even some of like, thinking about it, I knew something about politics. It was like, just the fact that it took me a couple weeks to realized, dude, You don't know about fucking politics. Like yeah, you got to talk to some political people, but do, and how much do they really know? And, but it's like, don't, that's a trap. Right. What do you know about, you know, about like, being curious, you know, about like wanting to talk to different people, you know, about trying to be funny? You know, I think, I think politics is always a reflection of culture. Like politics is downstream from cultural needs and necessities. And I think that one of the things that's made you so successful is I think you're deeply connected to culture.


Like, you, you are aware of what people are feeling, you're aware of what they're frustrated by. And you know, regardless if there's like data analysis to back up every single one of those claims, like to me that doesn't mean anything. Like you can list out all the facts you fucking want, but like, you're aware of people's frustrations and politicians have to react to that. So you don't need to know like what fucking senator is pushing what bill. 'cause they're all reacting to the thing that you are more acutely aware of probably than even them. Yeah. Yeah. I guess it like, you Can't be a comedian if, or at least a high performing comedian if you're not in touch with like, what people are feeling. Yeah. Like I, I at its core, I think that's really what makes somebody a good comic.


It's Like Yeah. And how to stay, like just how to like stay in, stay connected to that type of thing, I guess. Yeah. You know, And sometimes with success it's harder to connect to it and it's also harder for them to connect to you. That's probably why you wanna hide the house in Nashville. You're like, fuck. Well, they feel like they can't relate to me because of this new life I live. I'm what that that, that's something that like, so I grew up in New York City. Right. And like In the city grew up. Yeah. I grew up in Manhattan. And one of the things about growing up in Manhattan, it's incredibly humbling. Like you never feel You weren't in the newsies, you were not in the newsies were I was the newsies. Were you really? No, I I was In Newsies. People ask you that before.


No, no. You're the first person. Oh, I'm sorry. Dude, but I can't remember when that was. But I love that movie. Good little movie. I think Christian Bale was in that shit, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Crotchy that little guy. Like, gimme the paint to fucking, That was my childhood enough. I'm just saying fucking bullshit. You got a fucking kid on mo crutch hiking through fucking, I can sell the newspapers hiking up the LIC with a fucking sack of newspapers, dude. L-I-E-L-I. Exactly. The LIE with a second newspapers man. But anyway, like you just humbled constantly. You never feel like you got money. There's always somebody way richer. There's always somebody with a way better job. There's always somebody with a better career. Like, because you're in the city where the most successful of all the people have, so you never feel like, you never feel this, this concern that you were talking about, which is like, oh, if I show this nice thing I have, people will think that I am, I consider myself better than them or something.


If you grow up in New York, you never feel that way because there's always someone so much higher than you. You know what I mean? There's always some so much more wealthy. So it's just this, there's like a hustle mentality, which is like, I'm gonna work really fucking hard. Yeah. For as long as I possibly can, and I'm gonna try to get some nice shit, but I'm gonna earn it. I'm not gonna just have it handed to me. I'm gonna fucking bust my ass. But when I do get it, it, I don't feel guilty about it because it ain't even as close as nice as the guy who lives three blocks that way. Yeah. So, so I, but I, I understand like my mom's from Scotland, like fucking, you know, comes from nothing. There's that sentiment of like, you getting something nice. The community could feel like, oh, do you think you're, you think you're better than us now?


Yeah. 'cause you got this fancy house. Oh yeah. When I was a kid, like, if somebody could read, people would call 'em a Whatever, You know? Yeah. Like if you got a, if somebody brought home a bee on our bus, dude, it fucking, you were just a, just a fucking sick homosexual. Yes. You know? Yeah. You fucking, yeah. They would beat you up. I mean, they would let people ride home on our bus with no shirts on. And I'm like, and, and yeah, I'd be like, well, why don't people have to have shirts on? Or whatever. But it was just like, yeah. It was just, yeah. I don't know. It's tough. You want to kind of stay like, I don't know, as your life changes and as you get, or things change, your life gets bigger and you kind of sometimes wanna just stay the same. Like, I think there's parts of moments in my life that I really miss where I was real comfortable.


And I think as your life changes sometimes it probably is like a, a new space. What's that been like for you having a child, since I know a lot of your special was about it, like the greatest? Was that something that took away a lot of that just worrying about yourself type of thing? I mean, and did it really, or you just, Or is that something that people just say? I'm glad that you asked that second question, but the, the weird thing about having a kid is that it is literally every cliche that anybody has ever said. Alright. That's a little shiloh. Dang. Huh. Little Cutie. Wow. At the beach. Rich. Huh? What UFC fighter does she look like? Oh, No. Hold on. Don't do it. Huh? Don't do it. I think we gotta do it. He's a s a she, But for your wife, you have to say that.


She, she, she, And this is Nick. You know who it is? He's got a fight coming up. Michael Chandler A little, but he's fighting ovs. Oh. Oh. Gel Lopez a little bit. Oh my God. He's a pretty motherfucker. I'll say that one. That's, I, I, that's a compliment. That was acceptable. That's gotta be a new segment. I think that the, the podcast is what? Yo yo, yo, he's good. He's, he's good. Aw, That's pretty cute. Oh, little Cute. I, I don't, now I want, don't want him to hear me say that, but there's something very charming about him. She's a beautiful Oh, Young lady, man. That's gonna be a great fight. Shout out Volk too, man. That Is a, I think that is an exciting fight, huh?


Yeah. Seeing Vol Kovski sing the other night about that shit was so fun. Oh, You got a little voice, Bro. I know. He's got a good voice and It's just fun to see his, like, it's so great. I think if fighters are around long enough where you get to see their personality, of course. You know, like, they used to only have to just be so tough and now they can do that, but also like, have a bit of showmanship, you know? Yeah. We want to connect to 'em. Yeah. But I will, you know, back to the kid is like, but Back to the kid. Yeah. Man, It's every cliche you've ever heard. Times a thousand like it. And it's, there's a reason why that exists. I imagine it's like we all should have this reaction towards children, right? Like, their smile is the best smile. Their laugh is the best laugh. It's the most incredible experience you've ever had in your life. And there's a, a little part of you as like a comedian that goes, you know, oh, I'm gonna have these unique takes on being a father.


And it is, your takes are so similar to every other person who's ever been a dad, which is, which is now I see as a beautiful thing. Right. But yeah, your life gets really small. I can only speak for myself, but like, I just don't care as much about other things. You know? Like, I, I wanna spend time with her. I wanna spend time with my wife and I, as long as they're proud of me and happy with me, that's enough. Right? Anything else is, it's icing on the cake. It feels really good. Like, the response to the special feels really good. It's like amazing. Like, all these people who went through IVF and had a similar journey as us to like, get pregnant, like they, they, they talking about it like feels really good. Yeah.


But, but I'll tell you one thing, as long as like my wife and and baby are, are, are happy with me, like that's, yeah. It's, it is an amazing, I hope you experience it, man. Yeah. If that's something that you'd like to experience, but it's transformative. Yeah. I'd like to have that, man. It's cool to hear a parent say that too. You know, I think that, like, it's nice to hear a parent say those things about their family So best. It's, it's so cool, man. It is. Also, you'll watch it. Like, it's very, very rare in life. You get to see somebody give a hundred percent, like really a hundred percent. And like, when you watch them in labor, it's a hundred percent really, it's just they're giving everything they possibly can give. What Happens if they just do 80% or whatever, 60% or That baby stays in there, bro.


Oh. Like we had to do a c-section. We, my wife had to do a c-section, obviously there's like, I didn't do anything. I just sat there like an asshole. And, but it was, but yeah, it's just amazing what they're willing to do. Like, my wife lost a lot of blood and like, like 50 cent almost Literally. It was like, yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's Very similar actually to what 50 Went through. I gotta talk to 50 about that. I was like, dude, you basically got a c-section out there in Jamaica, Queens, bro. We talk about that. Like, yeah, yeah, yeah. 50 C, 50 Cs good. He's fucking good. No, But, but bro, He was like, she had no energy left.


She had no blood in her system left. And they ask her, they're like, can you do a little breastfeeding for the baby? 'cause she needs to eat Right now. She, and then they're like, if you don't have energy, that's fine. She breastfeeds the baby. The second the baby pulls off. This is like, after I don't know how long it is, she goes, my wife's like, she, is she good? And the doctor? Yeah, she's good. And the second the doctor takes her off, she just closed her eyes and passes out. But it's like, no way. There's this like, primal urge to do anything for that. They'll do anything for that baby. Mm. And it is like, yeah, it's a beautiful human experience to watch somebody love something like other worldly love. Mm. And yeah, I think it's a really important part of, if you, if you're lucky enough to be able to do it, it's a really important part of like, the life experience.


It just makes everything, it makes everything small and, and, and worthwhile. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, that's, yeah. It's, thanks for sharing that, man. Sure. Did. What's it like to see your parents interact with your gr with your, with your child? So, my dad is, my dad is Dementia. I know he is sick, right? Yeah. Yeah. He's had dementia for a while now, so he's, it's hard for him. He did The intro to your special. Yeah. That was pretty cool. That was cool, dude. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was, I was wondering, was that tough for you guys to get him to pull it off or? It was. Okay. You know What's interesting is like, he's like, we put the, this is, we filmed that actually at the early part of the tour. I loved how your specials started off with the joke because it al it. Maybe it just like, oh, I'm already having a nice time. Boom. I thought it was a great choice. Y'all, me, I thought it was one of the best.


I thought it was one of the best I'd seen in a while. Thanks, man. Yeah. It was cool to, yeah. The first one we were thinking about, we're like, should we just start the joke? And then like, the first thing is, I think I go, you guys want to hear my favorite New York joke? And we could have just cut that line, but there was part of me that went, like, if I'm just hanging out with friends and I go, yo, I got a good joke, you guys, I, my friends or anybody else in that group will go, yeah. I like hearing a good joke. Like, this is why I am tuning into a special. Like, sometimes I feel like the first joke you tell on stage is the most inauthentic. Mm. Because it's like, Hey, we are gonna do this thing where I talk and you guys just listen. And once we get into it, it will all make sense.


But the first, the first 30 seconds or a minute of it is inauthentic in a way. Yeah. Unless I honestly tell you, Hey, you guys ready? Yeah. I'm gonna tell you a joke. Yeah. Does that make sense why I'm trying to Communicate percent? I've never thought about that before. Yeah. There's this kind of moment where everybody pretends like, they don't know you're about to tell. Like they kind of like, there's this weird moment in the beginning, we have To suspend disbelief or whatever it is. Like, what's He gonna do? We know what we're gonna do. Juggle or Yeah. Yeah. Remodel the building. Yeah. Like fucking, So, I don't know. I was like, how do I just make it feel like authentic or natural or whatever? And, but Yeah. But having my dad do it, the intro is just the coolest fucking thing.


And How many takes do you have to do with Mancha? How many, how, what is That like? So that we did a, I mean, he was able to, he was able to knock it out, but we tell him the line right before every single time. Yeah. You know, just give it up for my son, Andrew Schultz. Like, and it's, he goes and says it, and you could really feel him. It was like, really beautiful. I'll probably get emotional, like, but he was like, really, he really wanted to do it, you know? Yeah. And like, he was, he's been a great father, so it's like, and he's like trying to remember it, you know? And like, yeah. It was just really, he, yeah. Yeah. It was cool. That's awesome, man. It makes me sad. Kind of. Yeah. Not sad, but it makes me, no, it's Beautiful. Yeah. It's something that's real. It's, yeah, it's beautiful because really give, I, I saw it, you know what I mean? Oh, dude. Right. When I saw that.


'cause I remember seeing the video that you shared about him when you were gonna play Madison Square Garden. Yeah. Yeah. And it was like, that was like something that everybody could relate to. And Yeah. When I saw that, it was like, 'cause yeah, I, I don't know. He was, he was, and I keep saying a lot of relate, relate to it, fucked up, but like, he had a, he had a really shitty dad that like, wasn't there for him at all. And he didn't have me until like late. And, but he, like, he never said this, but like, he made a decision that he was not going to let that happen again. Mm. And he was just like, he was just there for everything. Like every, I don't know what it's like to not have a dad there for everything. Wow. Which is an amazing privilege, don't get me wrong. But like, it was just so important to him to like, oh, let's go throw a base.


Let's play some basketball. Like, whatever you want. I need help with homework. Like, whatever it is. And, and I, you know, he has his dimension. I feel like every time I see him, I just, like, I, I just hope he knows that he was incredible and like it's, I that I'm nowhere close to where I am without that. Right. Like, all my confidence comes from him. Wow. You know, like every bit of like self-belief, like anything is just, there's this guy who has believed in always. Yeah. Is there a part of you, like, as, so as dementia is someone, I guess someone's like, so who someone is starts to kind of disappear a little bit. Yeah. You, is that a fair way to say it or not? It's, I would say like, your short-term memory goes away. So I guess memory's broken up into long-term memory and short term.


And for someone to get into long-term, it just needs to be repeated. So he has his long-term memory. He like, knows the map of New York. He can like go around the city, but he might forget like what he's going to do. Right. But he knows how to get home. Yeah. But if we took him to Florida, he wouldn't really know how to get around. Right. And then short term, it's like he doesn't really know, you know, he'll have a conversation with you and then he'll kind of forget and he'll bring it back up. He has like a few things that he'll like talk about. But I will say that like, you know, the concern is when this happens is that like, something underneath is, is bitter and angry and like, he just becomes this like, resentful human being, but he's pure man. Like, he's just a pure, like, loving good soul.


So he gets to find out every time I see him, that he has a granddaughter. Yeah. And like, that's pretty awesome. Like pretty, you know, like, like, so there is a per like, if there's a little positive perspective that you can, all you can do is change perspective on shit. So like, I could tell him every single time, he's like, yeah, I got a talk. He's like, what? Oh my God, what's that? Like? You know? And like, so that's cool to tell us. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. That's gotta be super cool. Yeah, it is. Is there, is there any fear that like, as a part of him, like that, the part of him inside that will, will forget that you care about him? Is that, is that like a, does that make any sense? Kind of. I, I, my the fear is that I haven't communicated to him enough, enough how incredible a job he did. Ah. And I don't even know if that's important to him.


Right. Because I don't think it's important for you to know it. Yeah. Like, it's important to me that he knows Yeah. That he's the goat and like, he might not know that. Like he's, and it's interest, it's so interesting. Like Yeah. Like it's, yeah. It's just so interest. Yeah. Yeah. It's like you just want them to know. Yeah. Because, but, but then I realize now, after having a kid, like before I had a kid, I thought he was doing everything just for me. Like, he was, he was doing things that he might not actually actually wanna do, but he's like, I'm gonna be there for my kid. And now that I have a kid, you get so much joy. Oh. You realize, oh, he was, bro, It's, it, it's this beautiful relationship where like, you could selfishly be a good dad.


Like, taking my kid to the museum in natural history the other day was more fun for me than her. Yeah. Watching her look at a wooly mammoth, you know, like, and just have her fucking Mind blown, you know, she just, she's looking at this, she's looking back at me, she's like, what the fuck is this? Like, And it Was just, and I'm like, we gotta go to the museum every week. Like whatever. There is this beautiful where, where like your selfishness benefits your kid. Ah, if, maybe if you have a healthy relationship. I know there is like unhealthy shit there too. But Yeah. I think I see what you're saying. So then it's like, now it's like there's no way he couldn't ever know how much I care about him because it almost doesn't even matter. 'cause he cares about me so much. As a dad, you care about your kids so much that as long as they're okay, that's, and everything else.


Is it you would hope, like, is that kind of what you're saying? A little bit. Yeah. You would hope. I mean, I mean, again, I Right. I know there's a lot of instances that's not the case. Yeah. But I, I mean, yeah, I would just, yeah. I would hope I, I hope that's the case. Like, he battled with depression a lot. You know, like my, my family's got a lot of mental illness in it, right? Oh yeah. So like, so he battled depression a lot. And so it was just, you know, like, you don't know what to do when you're a kid about that. Like, I used to take him to the Comedy cellar before I ever did comedy. I was like, I thought that like, if you laugh, you're not depressed. Like, that's How I thought it worked. So I'd take my depressed ass dad to the comedy cellar. Little did I know. He's just listening to depressed comedians. He's probably getting more Depressed. Like, he's, he's struggling his life.


He gotta listen. He gotta listen. These sad ass comedians on stage talking about how shitty their life. He's like, this kid is gonna killed Me, but hey, if it makes you son happy, he's, he me, Put it from me Damn near almost killed himself. Half the comedian Himself. You're doing it for him and he's doing it for you. That's fucking hilarious, dude. Yeah. He's like, God, he's fucking sitting there. He's fucking just rubbing over Drinking a Poland Springs looking for the vein. So, But yeah, it is just, dude, You Don know what a fascinating thing that he's doing it for.


That that what a, what a unique way to think of a crossroads of a father and son. That he's doing it for me and I'm doing it for him. Yeah. That's kind of fascinating. You don't Know. Like, you just don't know how it works when you're, when you're younger, like, I don you don't even know like the effects of depression or these types of things. You Know, especially in his, in his era, like 20 years ago, you had no idea even 30 years ago. Yeah. Had no idea. You're just like, oh, Rodney likes to fucking sit in the car by himself. My dad would go sit in the car by himself for a couple hours. I Love it. I love it. And my mom, well, if you get outta your fucking car. Yeah. Like, he wants to be out there sitting out there by himself. Yeah. The men in our town used to park their trucks behind the Winn-Dixie and cry back there sometimes.


Yeah. And you'd see him just fucking, you know, you'd see a guy open his car doors to let a bunch of tears fall out and then close it back like it was fucking There. Yo, There is bravery to that though. That that's the thing that, like, I think we look back at that generation who was really trying to figure out how to deal with their mental health, and they stiff upper lipped it. And I think a lot of times we go, oh, they just ignored the problems. It's like, no, no, you can't ignore depression. It's not something you could ignore. You know what I mean? It's there. And what they did is they said, you know what, I'm gonna go to my fucking car and I'm gonna cry, and I'm gonna get back and I'm gonna be a dad, and I'm gonna be a husband, and I'm gonna take care of his family. And it's like, and I'm Gonna get my fucking son a Pistons jersey Sexy.


And you're not even a Pistons fan. Like, that's depressing too. You, you want it so badly for this kid to be a Knicks fan. This motherfucker like team A lain beer Jersey. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I'm glad you're getting to have all that, dude. That's super cool. Yeah, it is. It is really cool, man. It is really cool.


What do a mechanic and an auto shop owner in Georgia, a taco restaurant operator in Arizona and a life saving medical innovator in Tennessee have in common? They're all small business owners and they're all thriving on TikTok across the us. Over 7.5 million businesses from family owned shops to entrepreneurs are using TikTok to compete and grow. In fact, 74% of businesses on TikTok say TikTok has allowed them to scale their operations, increasing sales and expanding to new locations. And that growth means jobs. Today there are over 7.5 million US businesses on TikTok employing more than 28 million people. And that number keeps growing. Small businesses thrive on TikTok. Learn more about TikToks contribution to the US economy@tiktokeconomicimpact.com.


You know, we read for different financial advertisements on this podcast, and I, I want to iterate one that I think has become my favorite. It's called Acorns. I love it. It's just a simple tool for helping you learn to save and, and it starts to give you different ways to look at money and feel about money. Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that helps you take control of your money with simple tools that make it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be an expert. You Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got Right now. Even if all you've got is spare change. I have Acorns set up for my niece and nephews, and I find it charming and engaging the way that they're able to start to see how savings works. If you're ready to take control of your money, sign up now and join the over 14 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion with Acorns. Head to acorns.com/theo THEO or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provided incentive to positively promote Acorns Tier one compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and SEC Registered Investment Advisor. You can view important disclosures@acorns.com slash t.


Today's episode is brought to you by BetterHelp Mental Wellness, staying healthy in your head. We're at a time, I think, in existence where we get rattled easier. There's too much information, there's not enough relationship with ourselves. I'm not trying to preach at you. I'm just, I guess, shoot, I'm just talking about me really, to be honest with you. And BetterHelp is there if you need therapy, if you want to give therapy a try, you don't wanna go to the therapist in your town. Everyone will know you're worried about walking into a mental health building. It feels scary, uncomfortable. BetterHelp is a great way to try therapy wherever you are. It's convenient to Yep. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. And this month, BetterHelp is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that I've ever offered on this show with 90% off your first week. Guys, don't miss this. Your wellbeing is worth it. For a limited time, visit BetterHelp dot com slash theo to get 90% off your first week. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/t.


Yeah. Just to add another universe to your life. Does it make you look at your wife different? Does a wife, does a girlfriend but or a wife become different once they're a mother? Does something like, or what's that kind of like a hundred Percent. Yeah. Completely. You also, like, you realize, like, here's something I realize is I, I would always call my wife, like when I know that the baby's waking up from a nap, let's say I'm at the studio or something like that. And I call, and I, you know, and she knows I'm calling to see Shiloh. Right? And I, once I called my wife and then she was coming back from like a, a workout class or something and she was like, oh, I'm not home yet, so I'm not with Shiloh. And my heart sunk. 'cause I was like, oh fuck.


Like you don't even think I call for you anymore. So in my effort, you know, to just like connect with my daughter in every possible way I can, I am forgetting about my connecting with my wife sometimes. And your wife doesn't want to be angry at you for that because she's like, thank God I have a dad who's so committed and just in love with their kid, but you can't forget about them. Right? So it's like this constant adjustment. You go, okay, all right. I gotta put Like, Hey, Shiloh, is your mom home? That kind of thing. Yeah. I gotta call Shiloh. Yeah. I, I Gotta, I I gotta go on the Nannette. Yeah. I Gotta call. I got two phones. Yeah. You got put Kevin Gates in the vacant. Yeah. When they're nursing dude And Shiloh phone.


You the most interesting man in America. You Been Kevin Gates bar Shiloh has a Little phone. You're like, Hey mom, it's ready Me. Oh, you don't wanna talk to me? She, She gimme me attitude. No, you can't win. You just wanna talk to this old bitch. Yeah. So, Yeah, you gotta do that, man. Aw Damn dude. Yeah. That's crazy. That's wild. Yeah. Wow, dude, what a neat journey. And I was just impressing. You're special. Like, you're just going. It's like, you know, when I first watched you were such a power, I remember the first time I ever saw you at the Black baby, or what's it called? The one that's next door to the comedy store. Fat Black Pussycat Fat Black Pussycat, right? Yeah. And Village Underground. Maybe, maybe, maybe that one.


Yeah. It was one that kind has the tears in it a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Village on the ground. Yeah. Yeah. But dude, I was like, I had never seen, I was like, oh my God. And I had to go up after you dude, and it was so fucking scary. And I was like, just, I'm sure you killed that Shit. I did. Okay. But dude, then this is, so, and that was gr I mean, but that was just like, I mean, that was probably 10 years ago too. Yeah, yeah. But then, yeah, this was just so like, taking me through this story and the journey and it was, I don't know, it was cool to see, it felt like grown up a little bit. Yeah. It's just different. Like, I've never been personal in my, in my comedy. I didn't even think my life was interesting. So I was like, ah, yeah. I was like, I thought my opinions on shit were more interesting in my life. So I was like, I'm not, I don't need to tell you about what's going on in my life. And then, and then this thing happened where, you know, we couldn't get pregnant and it was 'cause of me, my sperm sucked.


No way. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So my sperm, What happens? You take 'em into The I'm the face of shitty sperm, bro. Oh Dude, You felt bad for a second. You're like, hold on. I think, yeah. Well, it's just crazy because you have that like Spice Trader energy. You think, you know what I'm saying? Yo, You wanna know some crazy shit. My boy is a Spice Trader, this guy I play paddle with. All right. This my boy, we call him Spice Man. We legit thought he was a drug dealer for so long. 'cause he says like, I'm a Spice Trader. Like, he makes little jokes about it that he's not joking. He'll show up late to a game and he'll be like, man, Sesame was down crazy today. I couldn't find a place to store it. Damn boy. And then he'll say, coriander options.


Yes, Yes. Yeah. He It's literally like a stock market. Yeah. Like, he's back and forth from India. So we're like, there's no way. This is his real life. Like, he sells fentanyl or cocaine or some shit. Right. And he's just saying it's turmeric. Right. So, But, But turns out this motherfucker is a legit 2025 Spice Trader. This is like the oldest job ever. We ride here. Yeah. David. That's it, bro. He From the past baby. Yeah. How crazy is that? Shout out to Pete, man. Spicy P wow. We call it Spicy P. Yeah, Dude. It's Spicy P That's great. That's to be a dope ass job. Job just hitting the streets.


You what you want. And you got some fucking He'll just hit me with random Spice facts. Dime cumin. Yeah. He's, he was like, bro, you can't store the cumin with the turmeric. Right? Yeah. Because one goes old and I'm like, oh yeah, of course, bro. That's a huge, That storage shit is crazy out there, you know? Yeah. 10 Our fathers Right now. That's crazy. You can can't, it's 10 are fathers. You can't be doing that. Yeah. What does that mean? It's like, you confess it in a confessional and You get a punishment. Like what? They make You do those punishments or whatever's funny. What? Oh dude, you did the wrestling thing. Was that interesting? Oh, That was so cool, man. It's Cool. You did a good job. Thanks, bro. It looked, It looked, was it scary? I thought you were gonna get slammed. Yeah. Like, yeah. Is that an option? He was about to. I didn't even know it was gonna happen.


You didn't? No, I didn't know anything was gonna happen. I'm just there hanging out. Then Logan starts to, you know, getting me to try to lie in front of all my people in Mass Square Garden. I, I, aj that's why I, I, let's go. I mean, does it look like I'm prepared for that? And his, which is finishing Move the tax evasion. Yeah. That's the next movie. We gotta move to Puerto Rico. The Puerto Rican W Nine. That's his fucking Finishing move.


Oh my God. Dude. Does he sling? Maybe? I didn't see this. No. Oh. Styles comes in. Thank god AJ Styles comes in to save my ass. He come In a couple seconds. Oh, I'd be toast in front of my wife. Did part of you want a little more smoke after that? Like, was there a little bit inside of you that's like, I need justice, bro. Yeah, I need justice. You can't come do that shit to me in, in Madison Square Garden. I agree. My home Talk crazy to me. You know, I need, I need some, I need some paper bro. I need my get back. You know who Aaron the plumber is Aaron the plumber? I think we had him on the podcast actually. Did you have Aaron on the pod? I think so. Like 20 years ago or like four, like yeah, like three years ago I think. No, No, no, no. This is different. Who that? We had Nick, this is a different Aaron. The plumber. We Had Joe the Plumber. Joe Had Joe the plumber. You need, you needed Aaron on Aaron the plumber, bro.


This guy's an absolute Internet Joe baby. In one of the pipes, Joe found an offspring. Wow. In one of the pipes. What is that? That's Horrible time to say that. No, that's a, that's a Patrice joke where it is. He said, I jerk off so much in the shower. I'm surprised the drain ain't pregnant. Oh, Joe is like, it was Like, I think I'm working At your place. No, who's the plumber? Oh dude, this guy's cool guy. Oh my God. He's just, he was on this Zeus network show. Do you know what the Zeus network is? Uhuh? Is it like that Stars or whatever, like ghost book, Phantom whatever, seven or Whatever. No, this is more, more ratchet, bro. But, but Aaron the plumber, you're not qualified.


This guy is a certified hilarious dude. He was an actual certified plumber. Dang man. But he's hilarious on this dating show. And he was just, you know, he would get in a fight with anybody who popped shit. He's like, all right, let's go. We we, we fight Right now. But he's also hysterical. And so yeah, he's just an internet sensation. I love this guy. Dang. Yeah, I haven't seen him. I gotta check him out. Who did I see recently? Gunno lavish. Have you seen him? No. Who's that young kid? He like, he makes me laugh. Huh? He's outta Mississippi, man. Gonna lavish. You can see the text went outta him. Just if you just go to shorts right there, just start it over, Then everything gonna be okay.


It will be okay if you just stay strong. Stay strong for it. Here you go. You wondering if everything gonna be okay? It will be okay if you just stay strong. Okay. Give me one more man. Gimme a, oh, stop being humble. Fing over there. Try that one. You out here being humble. When everybody popping that shit, it's time for you start popping your shit, then stop being humble for it. Nigga. You out here being humble when everybody popping that shit, how you, it's time for you to start popping your shit. Then He just made me laugh, man.


He's outta Mississippi, man. I just like his thing. He's just somebody I started watching, you know, there's like people you see and they come up and then once you watch him a couple times and you keep having to watch him, you know? Yeah. I'm obsessed with it. It's crazy. Dude. I'm obsessed with Temptation Island, Spain. Really? Yeah, I could see that. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah, it's, this is the craziest reality show I've ever seen in my entire life. This guy Montoya. Have you not heard of the Montoya guy? Oh my God. It's in crazy. So basically Temptation Island, the idea is you and your girlfriend go to this island and you split up and then they send people to try to fuck you and try to fuck your girlfriend to see if you'll cheat. And Where are the people from the mainland or whatever. I think you're all from, they're all from Spain.


Pretty much. Okay. So some of 'em may be from other Spanish speaking countries, but everybody speaks Spanish. Ah. So this one couple, she, that girl right there, Anita. Anita gets just banged out, I think five days in by this other dude. And he's gotta watch. So this, this other, why did you Get to watch? It's part of that. That's part Of the show, bro. You got, so they just cing my man Montoya. But Montoya is so charming that it, that you actually don't look at him like a cuck. You're like, oh this is, he's like a flamenco singer. He's the man. So he gets really emotional about watching the guy just beat cheeks on his girl. Oh yeah. And this seems like modern day Shakespeare almost, you know? Yeah, exactly. You know what I'm talking about? Kind of. Oh yeah. There's very much a thing where like, yeah. Yeah. It's a fellow really like Yeah.


When the, like the figure would be like, it would open up a portal in your head where you thought this your wife was, was cheating. Yeah. And you would seek your own life or something. Wow. So there it is. So like he's gotta watch this security camp footage and you could like hear, oh, like pelvis hit cheeks. No, like this. Ugh. Yeah. It's brutal. But it's also fantastic tv. God, I've never seen that. It's amazing. Like, and I haven't watched the whole episode. I just watched like whatever highlights get clipped and put on like TikTok or Instagram. I think that's how I, I consume everything. Yeah. But I, yeah. Everything I possibly can I consume. Yeah. Well it's, it's funny 'cause you start to wanna have like an information diet. So there's things you can talk about with different guests or whatever. That's what I heard Mr. Beast say. Like he hires people to have an information diet for him.


So they all absorb stuff, then they filter it down and then he gets like this stuff from them and it's like fine tuned to exactly what he would want to know the most. Oh Wow. And that's crazy. So he has like a human version of chat. GPT. Yeah. So he has intelligence. Intelligence, Yep. Like real inte. He has like an algorithm that's Yeah. He's like a human kind of algorithm, you know? Yeah. Sort of, I guess. So He's outsourcing his like interests. How do you run it back against those Paul guys? I wonder How do I run it back against Logan or Jake as well? Get Jake involved as well. Dude, I would fucking, if I saw those people in my dreams, I would beat the shit out of them. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's a good caveat right there.


That's a very good caveat. No, Logan needs to get it back. Logan needs to get, Logan needs to get some get back. That's, that's the reality. You can't come into my place and do that, obviously. But you know, Jake, I don't even know if Jake's gonna be involved in, in wrestling. You know, he's doing his, he's doing his boxing thing. Yeah. But, but let's see what happens. I don't know. You never know. You never know with these things. Yeah. What about you? You gonna get involved in some wrestling? I don't know, dude. I thought about Rat trying to wrestle one of those guys. I would have to really stretch and focus on fitness. Yep. Yeah. A hundred percent. I'd have to really stretch and focus on it. Or You could just get dragged through the ring like I did And Then not work in fitness at all.


You know, you know the craziest part of that scene, you didn't even see the end of it. I got dragged over to banister, rag dolled on the ground, rolled into the ring, bent over and put into a suplex. This other dude, AJ saves me after Logan leaves. I jumped on a top rope. Did you? Like I did something. I think I'm the first person in history to just get my ass kicked and still go on the top rope and celebrate. But it really goes back to exactly what we were saying earlier. If all people see is that clip of you on the top rope, they're like, this guy won. So I'm like, I might never do this again when I, I gonna knock so in the top rope. Come on. That's true. I gotta tell my daughter something. That's classic man. Yeah. Have you thought about o over the years of moving out New York?


I know you, we were talking about the taxes and stuff in there and the, yeah. I don't Know. Like, It's pricey. Have you ever thought about going down to Austin? Do you ever think about that? Not living there? No. No. I mean, like, look, it's, it's, it's fucking incredible what Joe's done down there. Like, it's incredible. It's kind of crazy that it almost feels sometimes like the, like another cent. It definitely feels like another new center of comedy, which they didn't have five years ago. I can't believe I'm gonna say what I'm saying Right now. 'cause obviously, you know, New York guys were incredibly biased about standup. We like the best standups are in New York and this is where you come, you gotta make your bones, this is what you gotta do. And then the idea was, okay, but if you wanna become like famous, you can go to LA 'cause that's where the industry is. Somebody's gonna pop into the comedy store, they're gonna see you, you'll be famous.


That's at least like the hope or the dreams or whatever, right? But as of Right now, if you're a young comic, right? What is your pathway to success in la? If you're a young comic, what's your pathway to success in la? Perception Doesn't mean that it can't happen, but like in LA or New York, like what shows can you get on that eventually you become famous? Because I know if I'm a young comic, I, I can manage to get on Kill Tony and become a regular, I'm selling out theaters around the country. Great point. These guys are selling real tickets. If I get into Joe's world and I'm able to go on the podcast a bunch and maybe even go on the road, like I'm getting a career. I mean, if to me it's like we need to build, start building some infrastructure in New York. So these guys feel like there's a pathway to selling tickets.


And that's not just New York, that's la too. Those days of just like getting a roll in a movie and then you sell tickets are done. Hmm. You doing a, a TV show one-off, and then you sell that. You don't just sell tickets. You need to be like ingratiating yourself to the people through standup comedy if you wanna sell standup comedy tickets. So I, I don't blame or I don't begrudge any comic who's like, I wanna go to move to Austin. 'cause I feel like that's where the thing is happening. Especially if you just move to New York or LA to make it, I'm from New York, like born and raised in New York, so like moving to another city is like leaving my whole family, my friend group. I know, right? You're leaving your world. Oh, there you go. That's why I, I was thinking, I guess maybe, Oh my God, I do kind of look like that motherfucker.


Diego Pener, what's his name, man? Diego Garcia. He looks ugly next to Christian Bale, bro. And he's not even that ugly, bro. I'm saying he looks like me, so I can't be insulting him that much. But Christian Bale is one fucking handsome guy. Well then imagine if as safe as another, even less. Wait, did, Did he AI my face onto that? I did. This is face wild. God Damn, bro. So that's, I look ugly Next to Christian ba That motherfucker is handsome. Look at Bruce Wayne right there, dude. God. Nah, he's a stud. Ugh. He's a stud. Yeah. And I'm worse looking than you. So the tough part is it only goes another step downhill.


Yo, how fucked up Is that? Me insulting him before I knew it was me. Like, isn't that, that's insanity Right there. It's, I mean it's the where's my self-esteem at? Don't come here for it. I, I built this railroad on low self-esteem. Dude, have you ever heard of the low self-esteem engine? No. I, I haven't heard. That's the only thing that's run on these tracks for years, dude. I mean, we're picking up, we're picking up steam, but it's been slow. Oh God. What were we talking about though? Oh, This the, the scene. So it's just like, I imagine every, Oh yeah. The scene. Every, I mean, think about it, like obviously we're in different positions, right? Like we're, we're in a different part of our career where we have, we can live Wherever we want.


Right? We're not coming. It's not the beginning of our career. Exactly. So, but if you were young and you're like, my pathway to success, like what, if you go to LA what do you, what shows do you get on to eventually make it? Like, what is your Right? Well, there's a couple things. One, you can get a lot of, there's a lot of in like influencers and stuff out here. So there's a lot of like social media influencers. That stuff is real out here. There's movie stars that live out here and there's television shows, but I don't know if a lot of stuff still shoots in la, which is kind of crazy. Like, even whenever we shot this little movie with Spade there, we we're like, they're like, thank you. People were like, thank you guys so much. So working here, we haven't had work in months. And I'm like, what do you mean? Because I don't know who shoots what, you know, they're like, yeah, I'm like, in Hollywood, you haven't had work in months.


And yeah, I guess there's just nothing shooting here. Which seems crazy that you would build an industry where then nothing even shoots within it. You know, like at a certain point you can't cut every corner. Like, okay, we're gonna shoot outta state to get a tax break. And then, but The tax incentives are really big. You can shoot up in Canada, you can shoot up in, over in Atlanta. Like the tax incentives are huge to go shoot in these places. The one when California matched them, it seems like, I think like, like it's just like we were saying, like politics is always down river from, from culture. So yeah, they're gonna have to learn the hard way. They're gonna have to see the industry actually start to be negatively impacted, like for a while.


And then they're gonna have to vote out whoever's in power with that kind of influence. But LA thrives on Hollywood. Like there isn't LA without Hollywood like that. That's the industry. That's true. I guess then it's kind of like Barcelona or something in, in a way, you know, some cool museums and it's beautiful. I, we don't even know you guys have museums out here. I'm gonna be honest with you. Yeah. Like somebody told me that. They're like, oh yeah, we were spending some time in museums. I was like, you got museums out here. Like, I thought you had that observatory shit that's up on the hill and that's it. Yeah. We don't know that you have like the theater. Like do you have plays that come out in La? I have no idea. Like, can you watch Hamilton in LA ever? I don't know. It's a good question. Well, we don't really have that, the, that district, like the theater district that New York has.


I mean, Danny McBride was saying this the other day. He goes, you know, I've always been kind of amazed that LA doesn't pro like historicize itself better, right? As a structure. He is like, when you go down the street here, you should be, every other building should be, this is where This was filmed. This is, Yeah. Right. This is where Sidney Poitier us lived the first three years that he lived here in this apartment. Like, you know, like, and this, these buildings, we've kept them because they're, and some of it is still the same because, you know, you don't have as much wear and tear from the elements here outside of like the fires recently. But you don't have just like the constant salt salt in the air. Like you do it in a lot of places. But, but overall he is like, yeah, I'm just kind of amazed that you don't go down the street and every other building is historical for some reason.


Bro, I think that's a fantastic point. Because that is the coolest thing about LA Hollywood is like old Hollywood culture, right? Like there's that hotel, the Sunset Tower or whatever, and like, it has this cool restaurant that feels like old Hollywood. Oh yeah, it's cool in there. It's some fancy bougie shit. But it still feels like, oh, I can imagine directors in like the sixties. Yeah. What did, did you say? Huh? You know, what is that? What is that fucking girl with this, the air blowing her dress up? Oh, Shirley Temple or whatever. No, my Bro. Marilyn. Marilyn Monroe. Oh, sorry. Well, yeah, exactly. I'd like to have that stricken the record talking.


Unbelievable. Well, dude, I'll tell you something. The, here's the, the number one place and I'm sorry, who's the Girl where her dress was blown up? Shirley Temple Battle fights la I didn't think they No, he's right. He's right. Weinstein's innocent Weinstein is innocent. Innocent. I didn't think if they're blowing anybody's dress up, it's gonna be a child, obviously. God, dude, when people come to visit me, then one place that I take 'em every time, literally as a tour stop is a cemetery that's near my apartment in Westwood that has Marilyn and Rose grave in it. Hugh Hefner, Errol Flynn. Oh wow. Carol O'Connor. The OGs, the guy from bad grandpa or whatever.


Walter Math. Walter Math Walter Matto was in there. Yeah. Yeah. It's just like, and you just show 'em like this, you know, that's kind of the neatest thing, I think. I think That's, I think it's a great point because there is cool historical shit about LA but you gotta embrace it and then protect it. And I think that maybe it's just such a new city. They don't see the value in it. Like we, you and I are from very kind of like old places in terms like American history, not world history, but like, there's a lot of history in, I'm gonna give you new, I know you're not from New Orleans, but like, just this idea of Oh yeah, there's like, and, and it's important to us to maintain that. We actually like the way that the buildings look when a new fancy building goes up in New York, there's always this immediate rejection.


We're like, ah, these fucking closet. There goes the neighborhood or whatever it is. So we, we, we try to protect and I feel like LA is so transient. Like everybody that comes here is coming from Maine or coming from, you know, Montana or some shit like that to go make it so they don't really care that much about the history. They're like, what's going on now? Right. But the people from here, like Dove, like the people who actually grew up here and like that is the industry. Yeah. I, I would, I would like to see that protected. That's a great point. And then there's another version of you coming out here that's not like a TMZ tour bus tour, whatever that stupid shit is. We're like, this is the Rocks house. Yeah. It's like, nah, go see where fucking Sidney Poitier lived. Or go see where these historic actors, like what's his face's?


First apartment, Jack Nicholson's first apartment. It'd so cool if they had that. Yeah. And still had it under, they had it like really locked in. Dude, the guy, the founder of Cannes, this guy Todd Graves. Yeah. He still has his college apartment that was right next door to the first Cannes that's in Baton Rouge. And you go in there, dude. And it is crazy. It's like, it's from 30 years ago, you know, or 20, 22 years ago or something. It's just like old tv. He's maintained everything from it, Maintained it all sitting There. I love pictures from back then and I love it. Shit. His life got busy and so he just wasn't there for like eight years. And then he came back and it's just like magazines with like Jordan and Shaq on it. Just Fucking, he's a beast. That guy. Yeah. He stays so busy. He works really hard. I think he's little bit, he Owns all of the canes still.


Right? This is not a franchise restaurant. I think he owns No, it's kind of, it's unbelievably impressive. And maybe, 'cause I'm from New York, we just got one, there's one that just popped up in the East Village. But like, I, I was talking to a buddy of mine who's actually like one of his lawyers and he was kind of explaining it to him. It's like, this guy's like a real ambitious like kind of genius to put that together. It's, it's, it's very hard to, to not sell off your company as it becomes successful to have that vision. Like, I don't know if you're like this, but if I'm building something that's successful and then some, it offers me $300 million for it. I'm like, there's some people are crazy enough to go, nah, this shit is really worth 2 billion.


I'm like 2 billion. What is the billion dollars? Even? Like, what is that money even? You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. There are people that say no to $1 billion. 'cause they know it could be worth five. Fuck. That's Isn't that crazy? That's crazy. What Do you need that for? Yeah. Like you can tap outta whatever you're doing. Maybe they really love what they're doing. Maybe that's it, but Then you just sell it and get locked in as a consultant or whatever. Yeah, yeah. I guess you could. But maybe they would hate that. Maybe like, they're like, yeah, it's my genius that drives this, this, this, this, this car. It's like that Rigormortis whatever that Frank, whoever made Frankenstein or whatever, the doctor or whatever he wanted to die with Frankenstein. He is like, you know, I think that's what happened.


What happened with Frankenstein. I fucking don't even know what happened with that shit. It was Dr. Frankenstein and then it was the Creature. Yeah. That's, isn't that crazy that we think that Frankenstein is the, That's crazy. Is the lifeless animal, you know? But it was actually the doctor. Imagine how he feels. No, he's like, what do you, Hey, my name's Rick. You know, it's like nobody fucking, I'm fucking Rick Hopkins. You know? I had a fucking bad, bad frontal lobe surgery. Gimme some God damn. Yeah, that's so true. That's what is that? It still goes back to you see a clip of something Can you just believe it?


That you believe. You Just believe it. Yeah. That motherfucker's name is not even frank is Yo yo is called Creature, which is way more adept, right? Like, that feels like the name for it, but not, But at least that's his name. God, dude. Yeah. Shout out Frankenstein. Yeah, dude. Oh, how's the Trump thing going over in New York? Dude, You know what's so interesting is like, it Was crazy how right after, right after the election was over, everybody's kind of went on about regular life kind of, bro. It's, and like now I'm almost like annoyed by, I'm like, I, I thought we weren't gonna have to go through this again. Like, I don't know where, how it is like here, where you're, where you're living.


But we're back to like the bipartisan bickering, you know, like, like this Doge is a big deal, right? Even though there's no American that wants like waste. There's no American that wants like government bloats. There's no American that wants like inefficiency. I don't think any of us are like voting for those three things. Yeah. So this should be like unilateral support. Like we should all get behind it. And maybe the way that they're doing, I think Trump even came out and be like, yo, we're gonna use a scalpel, not a hatchet. Like I think we're being a little bit too forceful with the firings or whatever. But this is one of those things where like, it's so annoying. And I think you can, you can, you can blame Elon for this as well. Like on Twitter, he's a little bit antagonistic about shit. Like Yeah. I noticed that recently.


Some of the stuff he says, like, do you have to say that? Like, you don't, whatcha you doing right there? You don Have, you're, you're in power now. Like I think you have to have a little bit different energy when you're in power. I think when you're not in power, you're trying to get to power. Maybe that antagonism is, is helpful, right? Yeah. It can like embolden the base, but you're, you're the leader now. Leaders don't need to poke a finger and like twist a knife or whatever. Like Well, I think what he's doing, I, I believe that what Elon is doing is by creating all that commotion on Twitter. Mm. It's only helping his own business. Right. So it creates now that everybody's, everyone wants to see what he's gonna say, but he's saying so many things. It's hard to even juggle, but so many people are engaging and interacting. Yeah. I feel like it's probably the number one news app. I don't know if it's always been the number one news app has to be.


It has to be. That's why. Yeah. I mean, don't you learn everything But he's just stirring his own business. It's like, yeah. So the more he does that, it just, then he, it's more impressions, the more ads that he can sell. Right. I dunno if that's true, But, but you're basically creating a place for people to go consume content in general. And if he's the biggest creator on that platform, then it makes sense that he continues to create. So you're saying that he's not doing this just to get out information, but he's also doing this to like uplift the app. It's Like a hype machine. Yeah. Oh wow. That's, that's a good take. I Don't what that's true, but that's what the feeling you get from it. I mean at least. 'cause otherwise it's kind of in some of the shit's kind of insane. It's like, what is this? Like how is he doing all of these things? And if he's not doing all these things, 'cause who could have time to do all this? To do all this, these Things Yeah.


Then Who is doing it? And It's kind of, it's kind of annoying because he's a genius. You want him on your side. Like, I want the guy who makes the rockets on America's side if we go to World War iii. Right. Like, I think that's a pretty good idea that we get the guy who's going to send a shift to Mars on our side if we're gonna have like drone warfare Yeah. Throughout the world. Like, let's keep him in our good graces. I do think, and I I'm a little bit more optimistic about this administration. That's what I've realized with most people, like sane people, is that if you don't, if you didn't vote for Trump, but you're, you're not like a, like a complete like lunatic extremist on both sides by the way. If you're just kinda like a normal regular guy, but you feel like you, you, you lean left a little bit more.


You go, you just are pessimistic about the administration. And if you lean maybe right a little bit more, but you're not some insane like quack, you're optimistic about the administration. Yeah. We both kind of want the same thing. We want the best thing for American people. Right. We might disagree about where we get there, but we do want the most opportunity, wealth, ease of living for American people. So when it comes to, when it comes to administration, I'm like a little bit more optimistic about like, I'm like, okay, let's just see how this works. Right. That's how I feel. Yeah. Let's just give him a, give him a, people are going, oh, he is doing all these tariffs. It's like my man, I don't, I'm not an economist. I know you aren't an economist. Yeah. I don't know if this is a negotiation.


Like if you go to buy a car and the car is like a hundred grand and, and you go in, you go, alright, I'm gonna offer 80 grand. Right. Knowing that they're gonna settle around 90. Right. The problem is when you do that, you do that in privacy with the car dealer. Trump gotta do it publicly. And now he's got people in his own country going, how dare you offer 80. That's so disrespectful. And he can't come out and go dumbass, we're gonna settle at 90. I just gotta start at 80. So could you gimme fucking two weeks to get It? Yeah. They don't give him any, nobody gives him a beat to see what the long-term plan is. Like if you want manufacturing jobs back in America, then you have to make it so that it more makes more sense for people to make cars in America.


Maybe that's just business. Like I agree with you. I would, I never was a against Biden. I've never been against anybody that's been in office. I've always just wanted the best. It's like I want the best. I'm never gonna depend on the government for my life. Like, I don't wake up every day and see what the fucking government's doing. I get out of bed and I try and take care of myself or you know, you know, take care of your family like you're doing. It's like, that's probably what most people think. Yeah. Anybody that has time to argue online all day is also insane. Right. Like, not saying that we don't all put our beliefs out there sometimes, but I hear What you're saying, but It's like, but you have to like, that's one thing somebody said the other night. Oh, Trump said it during that, that whole like state of the whatever the Yeah. ACY address.


Yeah. Yeah. It was a, it was like the state of the two parties addressing with the, if you got to watch the hour and a half of that, I don't care what side of it, this shit was hilarious. It was like somebody who wrote like noises off or something. It was just a fascinating joint congressional committee's. Oh, address or whatever. Yeah. There was like fucking, they kept cutting this white dude that was asleep. They threw al green out. People thought he was Jimmy Snooker. They fucking threw him out, dude. They kept people like democrats that only had their feelings on little signs that said like, not good or gazo tight or whatever. I Bumped into Al Green at the Breakfast Club. He was going on after me and someone was like, Hey, he wants to, Al Green wants to say hello. And I was like, yeah, sure that that'd be cool. And this guy just got chucked outta the fucking Senate.


That'd be, you know, whatever. And I went and I go, I shake and like his like handle or something like that is like waiting there with like a camera like tucked here for the handshake picture. And I was like, did I just get set up in a photo op to make me look sympathetic to what hap like, I'm like, what exactly is going on? That's, you know, Crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well that that, that's also scary when everybody has cameras everywhere now. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people thought that was Jimmy StuCo, which makes total sense as well. Yeah. I think it still think it was, dude what a body, huh? Let's get it on. Was that, that was Al Green. Let's get it on, let's Get get it on. Yeah, I think so. But yeah, so it's a tricky, yeah, it's a tricky, it's a tricky time now politically, But I just don't like Yeah.


You kind of hope like hopefully there's some long-term strategy here. It's like, 'cause if you just look at the little bits, it's kind of fucking scary. Also if the if, and I'm not trying to just like bag on the last administration, but like, if people are uncomfortable and the last administration was running on this platform of, hey, we're gonna keep doing the same thing that we've been doing and that was a bad plan. You can't really blame Americans for going, well that's not working for me Right now. I gotta try something different. Yeah. And then giving the new thing a little bit of leeway. It's not like, again, I might be more optimistic and if it goes bad, I will be the first person to criticize it. Right. I have no problem criticizing whoever's in power.


Yeah. Okay. This is the easiest thing in the fucking world for me. But I, I am hoping I'm gonna at least gonna give a little bit of grace and hoping that this is gonna work out for all of us. And I'm gonna give it more than a fucking few months. I'm gonna give it a little bit to see where it goes. And if it does go, I'm not gonna be the guy to go told you so you fucking idiot. Like, 'cause that's not the joy that it brings me. The joy that brings me is like, Hey, shit, we're, we're actually making some cool Changes. People. Right. America's gonna be doing better. We got opportunity To to, you know, start here and get up here. That's, Imagine if you brought some industries back where people have pride in their homes and in their towns. Dude, I'll tell you this, we've gone on this tour, I've been on, we've gone to probably 200, the top 200 cities so far size wise, right? Yeah. We've gone fucking everywhere.


And a lot of the places, man, it's the same. It's like, there's no, there's not a lot of businesses there. There's some cities that have kind of changed and had some turnaround and it's been uplifting, but there's been a lot of places that it hasn't, you know? Wow. And, and it's sad. It's like, oh, all this place needs is one good like influx of, of people and a purpose, you know, when people have jobs, they have purpose. Yeah. And so it's like, I'm just gonna, I'm for surely gonna stay hopeful. I hope that if, if, if there's some tariff stuff and then we start making our own fucking cars here, dude, there's a guy who just made a show I-A-A-A-T-A T-shirt. I think it's called American Giant. Can you look that up?


There's a guy he wanted to make find a t-shirt that was made in America, American giant clothing. Hmm. He couldn't even get a t-shirt that Was completely made here. Right. He Couldn't get a, he couldn't get a a, whatever this is called a template or a blank. Yeah. A blank. In America, he couldn't, they they didn't have it. Right. They didn't, we don't make a fucking t-shirt in this company. Right. Country. Yeah. So Don't they make Teslas here? Yes. My Like, so Teslas are an American made car. So like bare Minimum. And like, I'm not trying to knock any of the American, you know, other American cars. Right. Like, but I don't think Ford is entirely made here. Right. I might be wrong.


I don't think they are. You drive forward. Somebody said to me, I'm like, that's when I knew like, hold on, how's this guy? How to pronounce it? Swedish guy. But, but that's a great question. Let's look that up. Yeah. What cars are made here? Or what percentage of Teslas are made in America? What percentage of Fords are made in America? That's a great question, man. And I, and I, I guess that, you know, you, you could be putting together the full car here, but maybe there's like certain factors that doing other stuff and I'm okay with that. Like I'm, I'm okay with outsourcing to different countries. I think it gives them opportunities as well. That's a cool thing. Yeah. But Tesla claims that nearly 100% of the vehicles that sells the United States are manufactured domestically Exceeding the industry average of 52% percent.


Wow. Now that doesn't mean they don't make cars in other countries as well. Right. But the ones that are sold here, made here re regardless. Okay. If we wanna attack in a car company. Right. And again, I don't know if they're attacking Tesla because they don't like the product. They're attacking Tesla. 'cause they don't like the CEO of the company. Yeah. And that is the risk of being a celebrity. CEO by the way, there's like CEOs of, and you talk about this all the time, but like some of these like pharmaceutical companies, we don't know who the fuck they are. Right. And there's a reason. 'cause if we did, People would execute 'em. Something could happen, something Could happen. We don't know. Something could happen. Like Somebody could throw 'em a surprise party, Bro. If you, if you have a billion dollar business and nobody knows who you are, you doing some fucked up shit, My boy.


Yeah. You doing some fuck shit, man. Right. Some fuck shit, homie. Yeah. So For real. So th so this is like a kind of shitty situation where like, yes, I understand that he's antagonizing people. He is like rubbing people the wrong way. You don't like the guy, you don't like the beliefs, You don't like what he's doing. And there are things to criticize. I'm not saying there aren't things to criticize, like everybody is, nobody's above criticism. But to punish that car company that is a hundred percent made in America made by people living in America, Americans rely on those jobs. Like maybe we criticize another thing, right? Like, What is your goal that we shut down those factories and those Americans lose those jobs. That makes you feel better about your gripe with Deon. That's the thing.


Some people, they, they just wanna win an argument. It feels like, you know, sometimes, and there is, There's people that rely on those fucking jobs. Oh, for sure. Dude. They got kids, bro. Oh yeah. Oh dude. There's no doubt about it. But here's one thing that I think is sad about the, about Doge is that the fact that we have to out, we now have to have someone audit our own government. Our government is supposed to be the thing that we can trust. Like it will never end now. And people are like, why is this guy be having a team that audits it? Like, I agree, but I'll let anybody audit if, if if we bring on another company they audit and they find I'd give them 10% of the bloat that they find if they, you know what I'm saying? The simple fact that we now have to audit our own government. Yeah. I mean I just, you know, I don't, people I think will gravitate towards corruption naturally.


And I think it's something that you constantly have to fight every single second. Yeah. You definitely have to. You said something interesting though, like this idea, like you wake up every morning, you're like, I don't expect the government to do something for me. I think that's a, a more like southern and frontier belief. You know, I think that like when you grow up in, in like New York, there is this relationship with the government where you're like, if the roads are fucked up, you start going, yo, why the roads fucked up? Like we're spending all this money in taxes or like the government you're supposed to do, you're giving me all these rules I gotta live by, so you might as well do some shit. But that's interesting that you have this perspective, which is like, I don't expect anything from you guys. And I wonder if when they encroach on your freedoms, it's that much more annoying because you're like, I don't rely on you for anything and you're gonna tell me what to do.


Hmm. Whereas we might be more accepting of, of the laws and the encroachment on freedoms because we are more reliant on them for certain things. Hmm. So, and, and I wonder if that's why like some of the covid stuff was way easier to accept in big cities. 'cause we're already have this symbiotic relationship with government. Right. Whereas in places like Florida or even, you know, more other like southern maybe, I guess somewhere I'd say it's not all Yeah. A lot of rural areas in more Rural areas, it's like, yo, listen, don't mess with me 'cause I don't ask you for shit. Right. And now you're getting into my house and telling me what to do when I already don't ask you for anything. Right. We have one road, We keep it clean.


It's fine. Yeah. I drive a truck so You don't have to pave it. Yeah, It's fine. That's it, right? We're doing. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good, yeah, it is interesting how like different areas could affect your perception and Yeah, like I think a lot of, like, one of the things I think a lot of people just worry about are traditions starting to disappear. And I think that's where a lot of pushback comes from. What do you mean by That? Just like, you know, like tearing down a statues and saying that everything's racist and stuff. Yeah. And not honoring our history whether it is racist or not. Like, not deny like, you know, if you take it away completely in three generations. No. You know, This is the tricky thing where it's like I, okay, I, I try to meet people at their intentions.


'cause I often want people to judge me on my intentions. When I say something like crazy fucked up joke that's not even fully fleshed out on a podcast and him, I want people to go, oh, he just wanted it to be funny. Not, oh this is guy's an evil asshole. Yeah. Right. So when I see people doing the, taking like the progressive measures that might feel like they're going too far. I at least have some empathy. I go, alright, I know what you're trying to do. You're trying to make this world that we live in this country. We live in a more comfortable place for everybody. And you're thinking about these oppressed or ostracized groups and you're like, how can they not see certain imagery that might remind them of these horrible things that their ancestors went through? So like I go, okay, I get that.


Maybe you have some really good intentions here. And then we can meet at, at that where we go, I get your good intentions. And then we, then we start to have, then let's have the conversation of, okay, how much of that are we gonna remove before we start removing like, the history of our country? And some of the history is ugly. And that's, it's unfortunate, but it is the history, like removing it doesn't remove the history. Right. But at least, at least not looking at them like they're assholes that want to destroy America. Maybe some of them are, but I think some of them also just kinda wanna make life better for people. Yeah. I I don't think everybody's bad. Yeah. I think there are bad actors on both sides, but I think there's some people who like, maybe they were bullied a lot as a kid and they're like, man, I don't want anybody to go through that shit.


Like I, yeah. I don't, I, I I, I wanna look out for some people and create some more protections. And sometimes those protections might go like a little bit too far. And then sometimes instead of creating protections, people will like, hurt people, hurt people. They'll do the opposite. They'll be like, oh, all white people are horrible. It's like, okay, okay. You you, you're going too far. Yeah. You might have experienced some really fucked up people in your childhood and maybe you have that way of looking at it, but it's not gonna help if that's your way of communicating with the world. Yeah. Yeah. I think the truth is usually kind of in the middle. I think you're right. You know, and the fact that, yeah, it's like, it's, it's so funny. It's like you get so stuck in your own perspective of what your own perspective is and you need to be in your own perspective because it's a survival thing too. It's like of course if I'm sitting here daydreaming or something and I get attacked by an animal or something and that's on me.


Right. But it's like, but to actually put yourself in somebody else's shoes and think like, well what it is, what is it really like? Yeah. You know, or what is like going through like certain classes or history class or things like that. Like if you're different ethnicity or different sex or something, what's that shit really like, you know? Yeah. It's like they're supposed to have VR goggles that were supposed to be able to do that. You know, We could just see what it was like being Native American back in the day. Yeah. Hey. Yeah. They're all Italians. Look. But look, the goggles kind of like, they set it up to make it sound like, who really killed the Native American Italian, Christopher Columbus. Look at these guys. Hey fucking Red horse. Get over here.


Fuck outta here. How many necklaces we gonna wear? Right? You called tonight, how about some blankets? Hey, hey, hey. That would be cool though. Like, but you could Set it to any way, you know. Oh, That's 'cause he was Italian, right? Wasn't Columbus Italian? They said he was Who the fucking knows dude. Yeah, I'm sure he was probably Italian via Israel according to, According to a lot of Reddit feed to speak. So Twitter, it just, they, they just blame Everything on the Jews bro. Like, it's not even shit That you didn't even imagine Is the Jews' fault. Right.


But they got nothing to do with it. Soon they're gonna blame Christmas on the Jews. No, that was kind of, The Jews are impressed but also not cool at The same time. They're like, well you like yo, what if they're like, yo, can you blame some good shit too? Like we did some good shit. Right? Like y'all like Christianity. You like that? Like you like watching family man. Don't you? That's one of your favorite Christmas movies, isn't it? Huh? Gangs in New York. Who do you think fucking put That together? All them Christmas carols. Yeah. They're probably written by Jews. A lot of 'em are, man. See it's so funny. Yeah. What are we gonna do? What? I'm trying to think of what else is going on, dude, that I was thinking about.


What's up in your life man? Everything's fine man. I've just been, just been, just been working a lot, you know, like last year we really focused on if we had some time off to go and just work, like go travel to a place to get guests and stuff, you know? Yeah. So it was like a big focus last year to do that. And Have you taken like a vacation? No, Not in a while. I was supposed to get one over the holidays and it just didn't happen. Do you like, do you like taking time off? Does that Yeah. Feed you at all? Yeah, I need it. I need more of it. And do you enjoy it? Like is your time off just hanging at a beach or do you like going to like a city that you're really interested in? Like learning about the history? Like what is, what is your version of a Depress?


It's just been the beach really. I think I've been like, I think I just kind of got, I, I just put so much work on the calendar that I didn't start to schedules. I would love to take two weeks off and go to like a country or something. That'd Be Awesome. You know? Yeah. So, but then I start to think about that like, well I should probably get a girlfriend or like a fiance first because if you go by your, who are you gonna, unless you get a buddy to go with or something, that could be fun. But it's like two weeks you can't really go by yourself really. You know? And so then it's like, what are you gonna do? Exactly? I imagine you with like a small Asian tour guide and that's it. Hmm. Just you guys motorcycling around Vietnam or Cambodia Or something. Yeah. Back to say shit to 'em all the time. Knock. Nah.


Yeah. That would be, that would be ideal. Yeah. Yeah. But Not traveling alone is cool too. Cutting them little feed him little piece of yam or whatever. I mean You Don't have to feed him, you know, they Might feed themselves out there. The first struggle, Bayer Winthrop, the first struggle was finding all the components. The cotton, the buttons, the zippers, the rivets. Once Bayer did all that, he ended up with his first product, a plain hooded sweatshirt. We already know all this stuff. I was looking at what some of the price issues were and stuff that he faced, but it was a nightmare for this guy to do it. And he couldn't get it done at like, you know, it came down like $37 or something. Yeah. Which is, you know, which, but to do it on a regular basis. And then Walmart decided we're gonna support him, we're gonna give him like a big order.


That's fire. So that's kind of where he is at Right now. And If you can make a big order, you can obviously like reduce the pricing, Right. Then you can go ahead to the place to say, look, now I'm gonna order this many, can you gimme a better rate? Yeah. You know, so Can you get the material from, does the material also have to come from here? I imagine we have to get all of our material from other countries. That's a good Question. Like are we creating textiles here? That's a good question. Yeah. It's crazy 'cause You don't know that, you know, it's like a lot of this stuff we don't even know. And then you look around and you're like, but if you find out that we can't even, you can't even get a t-shirt here. Then you're like, well fuck. If we're not even making one t-shirt, then what are we making here? I Mean yeah, we're completely reliant. It's, it's a little scary. I guess that's The thing. It starts to get scary because Yeah. I mean, because t-shirts are the, the least necessary product that we are completely reliant on other countries for.


Yeah. So if we're relying on t-shirts, what else are we relying on? Are we relying on technology in some ways? Like what are the things that become like at risk topics for us Yeah. That we're relying on other countries. Because it's nice to know that you're not reliant or that the entire world is reliant on each other. And if everybody's relying on each other Okay. Then there's like a mutually assured destruction. Right. Maybe that's good, But Right. Just tell us the truth. If you we know everything. I would just love it if like, here's the, the exact facts. Yo, When do you think, alright. You know how like conspiracies are incredibly popular Right now and like now everybody kind of knows the conspiracies. So the, that immediate hit of, of dopamine you get when you like share like the real truth with somebody who doesn't know it.


Yeah. And when they look at you and they're like, oh my God, you're so smart. Or whatever. Yeah. Now that everybody knows the conspiracies, do you think that we start, the pendulum starts to shift back to like kinda what really happened? Because the conspiracy is like the most ex exaggerated version of what happened. Yeah. And what really happened is probably pretty boring. Like the truth of most things is probably pretty fucking boring. Yeah, for sure. It's not what the media has told us. That's for certain those, those are lies a hundred percent. But it's not what like the Reddit historians have said. Yeah. And it's probably in here and then we all go, Ugh.


All right. Yeah. Like that is, I wonder if like, there's something like that even to the Epstein list. Like everybody's waiting for this Epstein list and they're waiting for it to be like direct logs where it's like, bill Gates paid for anal from a 16-year-old at da da dah, dah dah dah da. Yeah. Like then Four 30 or whatever, four. And then it's like name, picture, fucking whatever it is. And then every time they hand out like the binder or whatever it is, nothing that crazy comes out. Now, don't get me wrong, I believe he's like a prolific pedophile. He like, if he's, if he is still alive, find him and fucking kill him. The girl too, all off. Anybody who's involved in it defended it. Anybody who's on the fucking flight logs Yeah. Put him in prison.


Like, let's, we need some justice here. But have we created an idea of what this is, which is so far removed from what it actually is. Right. And that's why they haven't really, they're like, this is gonna be so upsetting. There's seven people in here, they're Gonna think, they're gonna think we're liars anyway. Right. Like, 'cause imagine they gave us lists and there was like, there was like 25 people on it. Right? We'd be like, man, you fucking pieces of shit lying to us again. Like the only thing we would believe if, if literally every single world leader went In there, right? They, yeah. They, this list better be. So that's why I think there's still wor they're probably working with like top producers, Eli Roth, like guys who really can put on a good show.


Todd Phillips, you know, until Yeah. How do We sell this story to, Until he did too that he was on it. Like he's off. But yeah, I think, yeah. How do we, what do we, this has, bro, this better be Good. Why don't, why don't we just get, this is the way I was thinking. We, we solved it. We guy who gave, who let Epstein manages money is this guy named Les Wexner or something like that. He's this guy who started Victoria's Secret. Mm. And like, I don't even think Epstein went to college or something. So like, how the fuck do you end up managing this billionaire's money? Right? This guy's like 90 years old. Give him immunity. Just go. Yeah, this guy right here. Lesner. Wexner. Okay. He's, he's a billionaire. He is. He's 87 years old. Just, you just go, listen, you're about to fucking die.


Can you just tell us what happened? Right. Tell us what happens. We'll give you immunity. You don't get to die a hero at all. You're a piece of shit that probably funded this whole fucking thing. Or connected different people to different stuff. We don't know what the fuck you're actually doing. You're involved, but you don't get to die a well, you still a diabolical piece of shit, but maybe you do one good thing in your life before you fucking die. Right. And then the American people get some satisfaction. The victims get some satisfaction, but you get to actually know what's happening. Yeah. Because I don't even know if we, I don't, I don't know if we actually will get to know what's, unless somebody who was involved says it specifically. Yeah. And I don't believe ghislaine. 'cause I think her pops was, he was part of Mossad, right?


Yeah. Like, so I don't believe anything she's gonna say. So Epstein dead. Yeah. Nobody's gonna tell the truth. Right. Like, I'm just amazed that that many people wanted to be pedophiles or whatever. So here's the thing, I don't know I, that's part of me that doesn't believe that. I'm like, I don't, you're telling me I don't, I I don't think they wanted to. I think that, I think he was like, yo, I got some young bitches on an island we're all gonna fuck. But I don't think that he said, I have underage women to incriminate you on an island. Right. I think he's like, yo, I got some 20-year-old fucking Russian bitches. They're on an island. And all these dudes were like, oh, we gonna go party with Russian bitches. Yeah. Like I, I wonder if it's as simple as like some club promoter going, I got a table full of girls at Tao tonight. Yeah. You wanna party. And people go, well that sounds like a great idea.


Nobody's idea those girls. Right. And they're for sure aren't idea 'em. 'cause why would they go, yeah, this guy's gonna make me a pedophile this weekend. Yeah, right. You know what I mean? Like, Like so, and then maybe afterwards they go, by the way, that girl was this old. Yeah. So I'm gonna need you on a certain day to do a favor. That's how I would imagine it would be most effective. And what if some of the girls were not even underage or anything? You don't even know if you got, if you, you could have somebody say that you're so scared, you're already like you're, there's some favor in the wind that alone, the mirage of that would, that's the biggest thing. You have no fucking idea. That's a great point too. They don't even Have to be, but you're gonna be so scared or like, well first of all, I don't wanna see, I'm so bad at sex.


I don't want anybody to see a video of it. Fucking A hooker on an island still is bad if you're like a political figure that has a family and you have children like Right. You could be, it could be old. It could be old enough. And it's still like You don't want that out because it ruins your career. Yeah. So yeah, there are many ways to, to do it That Yeah. I mean it's definitely, and then it's like how do you doctor all that up to present it to the American? Because it's a fucking, you have to find, you have to survey Mona Lisa. Yeah. To the American people. There's, 'cause there's no, but then they're like, we have to make sure all these people that information that's released. But maybe some of that's true if like you put information, it has a name in it that you're not sure and then you get sued by that person. Or You gotta protect these girls who are underage and they were raped by these famous people.


Facts. And like, they have moved on with their lives. They got families. Do they want their information out there in the world? Yeah. Probably not. They're like, I don't wanna relive that shit, so redact me or whatever that term is. Yeah. But yeah, I just feel like we're at this point where like if we're going through this phase in America where we are, we're an all time low trust in all of our institutions, Then what happens from here? There's two ways we go talk, Talk to me. It gets better somehow. Or, or it starts to devolve even more and crazier. See it gets deeper and deeper. It's so funny 'cause Yeah, I, I've had both feelings yesterday I had the feeling like, holy shit dude, nobody's gonna know where to trust anything anymore.


It's gonna get really interesting. Or you start being honest. Like that's kind of, that's, that's why Right. Or you start being honest And, and and like, yo, we're Americans, we can deal with shit. Like we've dealt with horrible things before in our past. Even as humans we can, That's it. So it's like, and and I think there's a version where like accepting these things and moving on allows us to have even more pride. Where Right now we're in this like age of like ambiguity where like we wanna be really proud, but we're like, but is some of this shit true? Like we're just unsure. Yeah. Let us accept it. Let's accept these, the stains on our history and then let's move on and make greater history.


Let's make greater things to be proud of. I think it's a moment in history to be proud of where your administration comes in. They go, listen, we unfortunately the government let these food companies poison you. You know? And a lot of people are negatively impacted like that. A lot of people got cancer probably because of food that they were eating. And that's, that's fucked up. That's horrible. And we're gonna either punish some of those food organizations or bare minimum we're gonna make it illegal for them to do that shit. Hey, some of these pharmaceutical companies, they were jabbing you up with shit that you didn't need to be jabbed up with. And they were doing that so they could profit. We're gonna either punish them or we are gonna stop allowing them to do it so the next generation Americans doesn't have to go through what you guys went through. And then you go, you know, what's fire about America?


We realized when we fucked up and we have the energy and excitement and the confidence, the self-esteem to go, alright, we're changing it and we're gonna live up to the expectations Mm. That we have for ourselves. Yeah. And I, that's why I lie, like you could say whatever you want about RFK, it seems to me what he wants to do is make a positive change for people. Let's see if he's able to do it. But in terms of making America healthy or whatever the slogan is, how, why would you not want America to be more healthy? Like Yeah. Like give the guy a second to fucking try it. Like Every minute they're like, this is the problem today. And then that becomes the story every day. It's just like how fucked up it is. And I have friends now that are addicted to the news and I'm just like, dude, just live your life.


See, everything's gonna probably be fine. It's already been fine. We're already damaged. We all have cancer, whatever, everything, you know, we're doing our best and shit. Yeah. And like, you know, how drastically bad do you expect things to get, you know? Yeah. Wouldn't it be cool like this? This is all I said, like obviously, you know, I have a daughter so I'm like, and she's of the age, we're going through vaccines and stuff and it's terrifying. You know, I was talking to Joe about this, it was like, it's the most terrifying thing you ever experienced in your life is that you have the most perfect thing you've ever created and you have to put something in them. And you've watched a video on YouTube that says that it could do something horrible to her, but if you don't do it, she could get some disease that could do something horrible to her. So you're like, what? How do I protect my kid there? There's a fork in the road and both potentially leads horrible.


How do I protect my kid? I would love nothing more than to do like an intense, like, and I'm sure they've already done this, so if you have and call me an idiot, that's fine, I'm an idiot. Whatever. But like intense like research into, you know, the vaccinations. And I would love nothing more if we found out, hey, you know what it, it looks like they are safe for them and there's very low chance cause of anything negative for your kid. How much nicer would that feel than Right now what all of us new parents are feeling? Which are like, do I have to delay it? Like which ones, how do I protect my child? Like Right. Like And the the the just Just like we want the research, we want it, it's, yeah, we wanna know. And I think if you gave Bobby an out where, you know, if even if it was 20 minutes a week where he gave a speech or something and maybe that he should start doing that to update people Robert Kennedy Jr.


To say, Hey, this is where things are at and we're gonna try our best and this is what we're gonna try to do. Maybe that would be great it to have some sort of an address. Love it. You know, Trump's addresses sometimes they're so, you know, they're Trumpian, you know, they're just like kind of the bare facts and like, you know, we're gonna win type shit. So maybe if you had Vance give something that was a little bit more elongated Sure. And a little bit more, had a little bit more personal notation and feeling to it. Like a Did FDR do that? I think they were called the fireside checks. Oh yeah. Where he was talking to people. I think you're right. We might need something like that Dude. Because there's so much muck out there. There's so much bullshit information. And like, we're guilty of that too. We just spout whatever on the fucking mic. And who knows if it's true or not, but it'd be nice if we had information disseminated from the people in power.


It might be wrong or what might be right, but they are the people in power. So we can at least hold them to that standard. If they say that they're doing this specific thing and we disagree with it, we can be like, I disagree with that. Yeah. But if Bobby's coming out and he's going, listen, we're getting the red dye out of here. It doesn't benefit anybody. There are other ways to create, I don't know, sugar coloring substitutes that are less harmful to you. Does anybody disagree with this? Everybody goes, no. Okay. Done. Right. Thanks. Yeah. There's still so many people that just want somebody to be wrong all the time, you know? So maybe that'll start to go away. I don't know. But yeah, I think if I wake up each day and I looked at everything as politics and stuff and it would just, it just starts to wear on you and then that algorithm learns you and then you're a fucking puppet.


You become a puppet. What else is going on? Let's think of something. Entertainment. I'm trying to think of something. Was there a job that you had when you were young that you miss ever? Hmm. That you were like, I'm fucking good at this shit. It wasn't that I was good at it, but I liked mowing lawns. Like I felt like accomplished afterwards. Like I, I, I'd look at it and I'd go, wow, I did that. That was kind of annoying. It was hard. But there, here's this thing that I did and it looks better now. And I felt proud of it. And I think there's a version of that in creating stuff in general. But I think very early, I I I, I like to, to work on something and then see the thing I created.


Yeah. And so yeah, there was something really nice that about that it, I, now I get to do a job where I, I like the actual work part and I like seeing the end product. I didn't enjoy the work part of it, but, but yeah, I think, I think that, you know, I'm trying to think. I mean, I just worked in like restaurants. Oh yeah, you definitely did. I could see you for sure. For sure. You fucking, What restaurants was I working at? Oh, obviously Macaroni Grill. Dude. No dude. You or a Cape at Macaroni Grill. I'm sure there's no way you didn't we didn't Have a macaroni grill in the city. Man. Hey look, We needed a macaroni grill. That's your origin story.


I, I worked at a pizza shop. I do, I do Look like I could pull off pizza shop. Right. I Look like I was arguing with Spike Lee. I'm trying to think of whatever. I'm trying to think. What about you? I worked at Pizza shop man. I love that shit, dude. That shit was good. Good. What was the first time, do you remember the first time as a kid that you made, made money and like the feeling of that? Oh yeah. We had, they'd pay you to clean. We had like wishing wells in our town or whatever. And they'd pay you to clean 'em out. Like the city. Like it's Like take the coins out of it. Yeah. Get in there like get to take a ladder down and get All this shit out and stuff. Yeah. And there's like, people throw fucking tr like a lot of views like to go orders and shit in that bitch.


A lot of Popeye's in that bitch. Decent amount of money. Not as much as you would think. Yeah. It's mostly garbage. We found a fucking sword. Had blood on it one time or like a pretty CEED or whatever. Yeah. But yeah, cleaning out that, cleaning out those one summer, that was probably the first job I ever had. Really? But get you a little bit of money. Hide my money too. Really? I used to put my money in a Crown Royal bag. Hide it in the yard. Dig it. How old were you? Dig a hole and hide it? Probably 11. Maybe 12. Hide that. That's a Nice bag. That bitch was nice. Boy, You keep that bag. Isn't that weird? Yep. Had some de balloons in it that I caught at some of the parades. And like the Mardi GRA parades, there's just these little medallions kind of like they're not worth, they're not worth any money.


But they had pictures of like different historical figures from Louisiana on 'em. 'cause you catch 'em at Mardi Gras. Yeah. And I put 'em in a bag and hide 'em in the yard. And why do you think you were hiding your, your Product? Didn't trust anybody in the house. I knew everybody in that bitch. Yeah. Really? My three siblings and my mom. I was burying that shit. I ain't fucking lying. Do you still talk to your siblings? Oh yeah. We talk now. It's, things are good now, but at the time I didn't trust anybody in that pastor dude because I was sneaking in their room and stealing shit. So that's the thing. That's where it comes from. That's the, when you ain't shit, you assume other people ain't shit. It starts here though. Oh bro. Yeah. It starts here though. I don't trust me so much. I don't trust You Don.


Facts. That's crazy dude. What else, man? What's up with the culture? How's black stuff going over there? I know that new rapper again, Lee, have you seen him? Yeah. Yeah. I thought it was Gin Lee. Is it gin? Like gin for ginger? Well First of all he, He's a black dude that says the n Sorry. He's a white dude that says the N word. Right. He put two Ns in it so he misspelled it. So he could be either one. That's all I'm saying. But, But yeah, he's, it's Interesting. Yeah, he is. And he's like, he's he's confident saying It. He seems really like he's from that culture. Yeah. So now are we witnessing that word become more of a cultural thing and not a specific race thing?


That's what I wonder. 'cause I'm just wondering like, say you're so much a part of the culture and it seems like he is like he has black friends, he says the word around them. If you're so much a part of it, but then you can't say that thing or you then is that feel like the culture isn't saying, well you're, you're, you're here but you're not, you're not. So I I don't have no idea. Yeah. But it's just, it's interesting. It Is interesting. It is interesting because it is like, so I guess when I was growing up in New York, it was a thing that white people, we would never say and you could not say, but like Puerto Ricans that were kinda like white presenting would say it and that was fine. Yeah. I think even like Mexicans were kind of saying it sometimes even Asians would say it, but it, it felt really like a word white people were not allowed to say obviously because of the historical context.


Right? Yeah. But that situation right there is quite interesting. Like if he did grow up in this culture, maybe it's his friend's way of saying, we don't see you as different bro. Right. Like we, we actually see you as one of us and we don't feel any negative sentiment when you say it. And this is our way of saying we accept you and you're not different. Maybe again, I don't know. I'd have to ask them. Whereas like if somebody else said it who is not from the culture at all, they'd be like, yo, you can't say that. And that's their way of saying you're not from the culture bro. Right. Like, you are not, you are, you're a visitor here and you're not allowed to say that thing. Right. Yeah. That's kind of how I think I'm say I just think it's interesting.


It's kind of interesting because you have people defending online, you have people calling 'em out online. Yeah. And some of his music is great, man. I mean it's, it's catchy. I curious to see like it's, yeah, it's like, and some of the lines he's saying like, you know, don't get in trouble 'cause of my shit. Like, you know, I'm not saying this 'cause I'm tr I'm just saying this 'cause this is who I am. Right. Yeah. Even expresses in like that stand on it song like don't, don't get into don't repeat my shit just to get Into and then now you get in trouble. Right. Which I think is Yeah, that's empathetic To like, it's at least given his story, right? Yeah. Because he probably is aware that, oh shit, white kids might see me doing this and then they think it's okay for them to do it. Right. And now they're getting fucked up and so he's like, listen, your life might not be my life.


Like, like I, I At least you put a safety precaution on this shit. Like Yeah. That a lot of people That's, that's like better than the parental advisory. It's just, there's a, there's a white disclaimer. Yo, You are not me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a ginger advisory right there. That's a ginger advisory dude. But this is gonna, this could potentially open up gateways for some gingers to say the N word and some spicy, some because they've long been looming on the edge of the culture. The ring around Saturn, they call 'em and fucking, it'll be interesting to see what happens, dude. Yeah. Do we, that's something like, we gotta ask ourselves like, are we fully accepting of gingers? Like, are white people fully accepting of the gingers?


I mean, look, I don't, you know, are you Even, what do you like part something, right? My father's from Nicaragua. My and my mother's just white. Yeah. But I don't, you know, I've thought, you know. Yeah. I'm not an anymore guy. You're not dropping it. I'm not out to fuck. No. What am I fucking trying to prove to somebody? But I do remember they had like this cool band. I went to a black fraternity and we'll get you out here in a second. Second. Which one? I wasn't in one. It was like Snoop or something. New state of Npe or something. Bring up a couple of black, black fraternities of it there. Southern Alpha, what is it? University Alpha Kappa. What Is that? Alpha. Oh, beta Phi. Beta Kappa Fsi. That might have been it.


The Kappas are, have you seen the Kappas before? Kappas are cool. They like, they got like a cane and they do like these cool dances with the cane. My boy was, my boy was a kappa in college and They could have been it, they were Like swagged out. And then the, what is the, the Omegas? Those are like the, the athlete that's like the athlete frat that's like Oh really? You know Shaq Omega scifi? Yeah, they're The ones. Oh, Shaq has that. The Q Oh that thing Q dogs. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it was Q Dog shit, right? Yeah. Yeah. They invited, they had like a, it was like, it was a, it was nickel back but it was black guys doing it. Right. It was like, Don't even say it. Don't even say it. Can't tell you what it was. Don't even say the name of that cover band. Even say the name Of the Nickelback black cover bands.


Theo, we've almost done the whole part. Hold on. Okay. We did a good job. We did a good job. I know you're trying to bait me with this Gin Lee. And we did a, we did a good job today. Okay. We did a good job today. Hear me out. Here we go. I just say light it off fire. Light it off fire. It was just a cra. I was like, this is a crazy cover band. Don't do it. And then one of their song, that song was like, oh, this is how you remind me like this. It's not, it's okay. So they, okay, so they're doing like hip hop renditions.


Hip hop renditions of Nick of Nickel back. Yeah. Nick Nickol back. Yeah. And just make sure you say it right. Yeah. We don't even have to go into it. That's so crazy how we know all know exactly how it was spelled. But yeah, I look, I just felt welcome to be in the building. So that's all I'm saying. Dude, look, congrats. This is how you remind me you're nah, I mean never made it as a wise man. Did I spit that whole song Right now? I spit that whole shit Right now. The I don have it dude. Couldn't include it as a pole, man. We gotta stop all that's gotta get worse.


Congratulations on life. The new specials out now. Congratulations. You a dad man. Thank Bill. Yeah. Thanks for being just somebody. Yeah, it's good to have like that there's different podcasters in different parts of the country and different parts of like the world, you know, and it's just, we're lucky to be able to do this and, and to be able to spend these conversations. I gotta come up there and get on, on, on your pod this summer, man. Oh please man. I want you on Flagrant and I want you on Brilliant Idiots, man. I don want on be up there in, I'll be up there in April I think for a week. You and Charlotte gotta kick it, man. That we gotta get together. I know. Even if we just go grab a drink. I think you guys would hit it off bro. I Oh, I'm sure we would. You got, you guys have great vibes.


He's incredible man. He's, he's incredible. I've only heard good things man. It would be an honor. But thank you so much for your time, dude. Thank you bro. I know it's very valuable and it means a lot and I, I just appreciate it. Congrats on everything man. You too man. Super stoked for you bro. Super. Congratulations dude. This jacket, Zach, Bryan gave me this jacket. It's very hot in here. I saw, I saw in the back, I was trying to fit in a little. So this is black as I get today by the Zach Bryan tour jacket. That kind of shows you where I'm at, you know? Thanks brother. Alright. You bet man. Thanks. Oh, that was great. Now I, I like these leaves. I, I, I.