
Calling all Call of Duty fans, the iconic Map, Verdan returns to Call of Duty War Zone starting April 3rd, you'll be able to drop back into Verdan, experience all the chaos, and relive the thrill you've been missing. Not only will you get the classic battle royale experience, we all know and love, but Ver Dansk is back with gameplay updates and the return of Verdant era weaponry. That's right. You'll experience verdant like never before. Smoother movement, stunning visuals and new mechanics. Whether you're dropping in solo or teaming up with your squad, it's time to come home to ver dance. So download Call of Duty, warzone for free, and drop in a ver dance on April 3rd. Rate it in infra mature.


We've got new Merch, we've got these onward hoodies. These are my favorite type of hoodie that we've ever used. The template, the material, the style of it. I think they'll be your favorite as well. We're gonna try to focus on making sure that the, the, the template is perfect so that it just feels good and that you enjoy it, and that you keep it and wear it for a long time. Yeah, those are really great. I want you to check 'em out. They're at Theo Von store.com and thank you for your support if you choose to purchase one. Today's guest is an actor. He's a comedian, he's a writer. He's hell, he was hit by a damn car.


You know him from Workaholics and The Righteous Gemstones. He has his own podcast with the guys from Workaholics called. This is Important. It's always a fun time with my friend Adam Divine. You just shower or is it the, is it the rain that got you a little wet? I just showered. Unfortunately. It looks good on you. Really? I'm not, I'm not afraid to say it.


That wet look looks good on you, Theo. You think? Yeah, I'm not, I ain't lying. Lemme see it. Pulled it up. Let me get a gander at it. Well, I don't know. Oh damn, son. Oh yeah. Just, I could just, sorry. No, don't be. I like it. I haven't heard it in a while. I saw you stretching a few a little bit. Was that what I saw? Yeah, you did. You got a stay limber for all this sitting we're doing. I'm getting at the age now where I can't sit for too long, dude. Really? Yeah. That sucks. What do you mean? Yeah, just sitting just fucking bothers me. It bother. Yeah. You know, I do notice I thought about this, like, we're not supposed to just be sitting around.


Like, imagine if, say you went in the woods, right? Yeah. And you saw all the animals are having fun. Yep. Right? Always. There always are. Yeah. Most of 'em are. Some of 'em are beating. Killing. There's some, yeah. Some of, some of 'em. There're But eating is fun though. Yeah. They're, yeah. Most having, they're having, yeah. Yeah. There's violence. A lot of it's by the streams. And so, you know, kind of That's fun. Yeah. It's fun if you're into that. Yeah. And I think most animals, and I'm also into water, but if you're into, but that's where things get violent, is down there. Oh shit. That's what I'm saying is, oh, I think nature's a blast, right? Yeah. You see it. They're hurting the animals. The woodpecker comes down, he's like, he makes noise. And people are like, get the fuck outta here.


We wanna sleep in. But you don't think for him, that's kind of fun though. He's just like, wake up motherfucker. Yeah. He's obviously been using or whatever. He's one of the Yeah, yeah. Animals that got a hold of a bag somewhere. Absolutely. Who else is Absolutely. Who else is rolling up like that? Yeah. That's fucking so early. Just slamming their head against a wall. Yeah. And then taking off. Yeah. Unless she's like, morse coating a message from that Evans or from like AC CDC or something, you know? But, you know, I'm sure every animal, they all conjoin hate that MF conjoin. I think they're, when they see, unless one person had to get up early for work and then he's like, guys, I had to invite him. Yeah.


And this, we all started, we started to talk about this because of stretching. We, I'm just saying, so stretching like is Oh, you said sitting down. Yeah. So I'm just saying, yeah. I don dunno, if we're supposed to be sitting down, like say if you went into nature Yep. And you saw a bunch of animals, they were doing stuff scratching their backs on trees, eating berries and tickling each other, whatever. And then there's one animal off to the side who's sitting in a chair and he's vaping or working on his computer. Yep. You'd be like that, Anna. Something's not right. Something's not, he's gonna have some achy hips. Yeah. Because humans, they weren't sitting back in the day. That's what I'm saying. I mean, rocks, they're, they're not comfortable. No. We have all these, we've made all these comfy chairs.


Get us all slavin. Yeah. Right. So that's, that's what I, I, I, I live in Orange County, so I drove up here to do this among some other things, but I drove up here and it's took like an hour, 40 minutes, and I, and then I get outta my car and my hips are like, yeah. My body starts to this top starts to lean forward. I my bo my, my top half of my body will start to lean forward like that. Yeah. Well, do you know, I I, my body fell apart, dude, you know, I was hit by a sym cement truck when I was a kid. Were you really? I was, dude. I was. And how full was, or was it had it already? It was a full cement truck. No way. Yeah. Even if it wasn't a full cement truck, because that's still fucked up. But it was a full one.


Dude. Full one's really bad. But it was I think 32 tons. Something like that. Oh my God. Yeah, dude. It's, it hit me. I ran o over the, like the first under the, the wheels and then spit me out. I flew 500 feet. Dude, you're lying. Truths. Oh my God. What's the longest field goal ever kicked? That's insane. Bring that up. Yeah, I probably, I mean, it has to be more than five. Oh no, maybe not. How long is the 66 yards? So quick math. I think that's a thousand feet quick math. No, what is that for real? Hundred 88. 188. 88 feet. Oh my God. So that's like more than double. Yeah. Wow. Oh my God.


Wow. What did you land in? I, I skidded up the, like up the street or down the street, however it goes. And I, I was hit in one county and I landed in another county because the street was like the dividing line between the counties. Still count. Yeah. Still counts. Yeah. As, as a cool factoid of me. And is this the style you got hit by? What'd you get hit by? Yeah. It's a similar style. Yeah. So I got taken under those wheels. Those peterbilts are nice, huh? Yeah. They're, that's a solid truck. And now what happened? Were you, 'cause I have a friend who got hit by a train Right. And he's doing not as funny. Oh yeah, I agree. Yeah, he was doing great. He was listening to, I think Alana more said or something, walking with his headphones on.


Yeah. And, and he is like, isn't this ironic? Yeah. Yeah. Well, don't you think? Well, because it's like the craziest, he listening to my song getting hit by train. The craziest thing was he'd been listening also to train earlier. See, that would actually be ironic. Yeah. But I think, but it, that joke only works if he had been listening to train earlier. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We we we dialed that one in. Yeah. We did a good job. But yeah, you believe that they're noise canceling and then you're like, no, they're not that noise canceling. He couldn't hear a train coming. That's, and so that, that's wild. But it's effective is all I'm saying.


Those, those heavens are effective. Yeah. So you're walking, where are you when this happens? I was, it was Omaha, Nebraska, and we were going across the street to get candy or whatever. And I mean, true facts were, we were going to like, we would steal pages out of Playboy or Penthouse magazines and we were like, you know, 12 11, 11. And so that was our move. We would go there, we'd rip up. I don't know why we didn't just steal the magazine because the ripping sounds loud. It sounds like it's way louder, but in little kid brain, I, I was like, it's not as bad if we only steal a few pages.


That's fair. Like it's, we're we're gonna get in less trouble if we get caught. Right. Like, I got one page. I I only got a couple pages. Yeah. I I got like half a tit here. Mom. What? I think a magazine. It's just a magazine. You still have the rest. Yeah. Yeah. And they, they say they, they buy it for the articles, mom. So I left the articles. So we would do that. And so my one friend was across the street or my two friends were across the street and they say, come on. And I took that as Coast is clear. Coast wasn't clear. The Oh yeah. Three Symmetrics are going up the hill as two were coming down and I couldn't see the other side of the street. We, it was like suburbs or new houses were sprouting up all over.


So three were coming up, two are coming down. He yells, come on. I'm like, take his word for it. Walked out behind the third cement truck, boom. Bam. Hot. Damn. Did you even have a second to see it? Or you just lights out? I don't remember it. This, this is all what people have told me. Wow. My friend could have thrown me in front of the cement truck for all I know, but I don't, I don't think so. Danny Hendrick did not try to murder me. I don't think so. Danny. Yeah. Orden. Denti or Denti. Yeah. So it sounds like he might have to me. Yeah. Maybe. I don't know him. Maybe. I don't think so. He's a good guy. But is he, what does he do now? He, I mean, dude, I don't know what he does Right now.


Danny Hendricks. There he is. Wow. Great job dude. Staffing Ninja helps with medical labs located and attract exceptional talent. So that's, you know, he's got a real job. That's cool. He's got a nice smile. Yeah, he does. Very nice, huh? Yeah, he's a handsome guy. He's got, well he didn't have to put his smile back together off of a street curb either. Yeah, that's true. Like I did, had to cobble my Celtic back together. But, but yeah. So from that, all those injuries I am now, like my body's just all fucked up. Well how long were you, how long were you in that, were you in the hospital for me? I was in for like a month and a half, but then I had like two dozen surgeries within a short dude.


My legs are all fucked up. Look at this. It looks like uncooked chicken. Can I show you? Yeah. Does it gross you out? No, that's okay. I can see it. Okay. Wow. Okay. That's a real deal right there. That's a flat. Yeah. That looks like some uncooked chicken meats. Damn homie's got a flat on there. Yeah. And is that, wow. Can I touch that? Yeah, yeah. Touch that. Oh my God. That's magic. It's, it's really smooth. Right? This is what like, wow. Like older ladies, this is what they want their skin not to look like, but to feel like Yeah. Right. Touching that. Oh, that's off road skin. Yeah, but that's kind of smooth, right? Yeah. Touch that again. I don't think you're getting Yeah. Lemme touch the underside of it. Yeah. Get the underbelly of it. Wow. I can't feel that Theo underside tickles tickles me a little touch of it.


I can't feel that. You can't really? No. So a lot of nerve damage. Like was that thing just hanging on with happening? 'cause that looks kind of rekindled. Like it looks like, and this side isn't Wow. Bad. That one has a dip in it looks like. Yeah. This is 'cause this is like the actual mu muscle. Wow. And then it dips, dips here. Oh my God. Yeah. You know what it reminds me of that Body Wars thing that comes to all the, the exhibits, you know, body World, I think it's called Body World, I believe. Which, and it's also Body World is pretty incredible, man. And it's kind of fascinating. There's one where they spliced a pregnant person. You have to, okay. Oh, you have to splice a pregnant person. That's a new way to do a gender reveal, I think.


But the exhibit is set up so that one starts at the skeletal system. Mm. It's an exhibition showcasing human bodies that have been preserved through a process called Plastination and Dissected to display bodily systems. It opened in Tampa. Oh. Which is, I wouldn't have expected that there's a ta Tampas, they allow a lot of stuff. Yeah. But it seems like a, I mean, it seems like a thing that would that would sprout up in like Boston. Like some Harvard people were like, yo, let's start up this thing. Right. You know, Tampa doesn't feel like it should. That's a good point. Yeah. You know, but they may have for them wanted somebody won it in a lawsuit, I think. And probably had to start it in Florida, maybe based on legalities or something.


Yeah, it was, it was a divorce. Yeah. Yeah. Like somebody wanted, someone's like, well, I'm, I'm keeping the exhibit. So that idea we had, I'm keeping that and I'm, I'm running with it. So the exhibit displaced internal organs and organic systems, body stage and active poses and fetuses in various stages of development. It opened in 1995. Guess when I was ran over, dude, 1995. You're lying. Uhuh. Oh my God. Maybe they read it about me in the paper and were like, we, Hey, I have an idea. Yeah. Let's take this show on the road. Let's take it on the road. It's a head. Yeah. I thought I may, I, I wonder if I, I won't shut up about getting hit by a symmetric. I hope I didn't. I hope I didn't retell that story.


It's fascinating, man. No, I don't think so at all. And here's a little bit of real body exhibit and you just get to see the texture. That's what this reminds you of. It. You have a very kind of beef jerky from the knees down, but smooth. But smooth. No, it's nice. It doesn't, yeah, it's nice. It's not a hard jerky. Well, it just also seems mu you seem strong. Thank you. Thank you for saying that. Do you think your body had to, your legs had to be stronger after this? Because it was a ton of physical, like years and years and years of physical therapy. And what sucks now, dude, is I'm back in the physical therapy grind. So like, 'cause of it. Yeah. Whatever happened like three years ago, I was shooting this show in Germany and I like was wiggling around and I like kicked my leg up and like, I, I was like, ping and something pinged down here in my groin.


I was like, ah, I got my balls popping out. You know, like you got a hernia and like, my insides are oozing out. Mm. Not oozing out. Weren't like, so then it was just something like got tweaked and then it was just like, bing, bing, bing, bing. And the muscles all, all got fucked up. And I, so I, I had two surgeries. I was like, it's my hips, I'm gonna have, so I got hip surgeries on each side. It wasn't the hips. No. So it's been three years of like trying to cobble my body back together. And I was so fucked up and I was so tight and tense and I was getting these spasms. I went to the doctor, the doctor one month before my son was born was like, you're dying. Swear to God, Theo. He goes, you have stiff person syndrome, which is a real disease.


It sounds like a boner joke, but it is not. And he's like, you got stiff person syndrome. No. And that essentially the like average lifespan of someone with stiff person syndrome is like five or six years. Oh. And I was like, I'm dying. I'm dying. So for a solid couple months I was like, my, my son is just born. Oh, I'm going to die. And what are you feeling? Like, are you feeling like a gingerbread cookie kinda style? Or like, how stiff are you at that point? I, I'm a lot better now. I was so stiff. I couldn't, like, I could hurt. I like, I would move and everything would go crack, crack, crack, crack, crack, crack, crack, crack crack. And it hurts to just move at all. And I would have these crazy spasms and like, it would, and they would have 'em in my stomach sometimes.


And it looks like I'm pregnant. Like a little fucking arm is is pushing out. It was what Wild bring some of that up. Stiff person syndrome. This is a real, it's a real Celine Dion has it. Oh. So then, so then I, I go through all this testing and then they were like, you know, we don't think you have this, we think this is from your accident. And I'm like, O okay. Thank God I don't have this. And then I go through another six months. I'm on the set of The Righteous Gemstones. I'm not getting any better. In fact, I'm getting worse. And I tell Danny, I'm like, dude, I have to dip. I have to go see the, the stiff person syndrome guy. And it was so scary because he's the guy that's gonna tell me if I actually have it or not.


Oh really? And I'm there, it's after hours. And they, they saw me special, you know, and I just hear his little click clack click clack of his old old man doctor shoes. And he comes and he has those eyebrows that are like, yeah. Wizard. Like, you know Yeah. Like the eyebrows that like a burle land on one. Yeah, absolutely. And you know, if you have eyebrows like that, you're like, you have wisdom, right? Yeah, definitely. If Yeah. People who trim their eyebrows are obviously dumb as fuck. Yeah. You're not. So yeah, dude, you, you gotta let those things sprout if you're lucky enough to have some wiry browse. And so he comes and luckily he tells me I do not have it. Oh my God. So thank God. But it was like a wild ride where I'm like, I think I'm dying now.


Now I'm like, it's from my accident. It sucks, but hopefully I can get better. You know? So some of the mental fear is, is gone away because you got the verdict. And then I think from that, some of the physical has gotten a little better because the mental, because I'm not just like, 'cause I wasn't sleeping, I was sleeping like three hours a night. I was just going online, sitting on the toilet and watching TikTok videos of like, people with like, that are like, I'm living with stiff person syndrome and it's, I'm living an okay life. And you're like, oh, this is, I feel I'm doing good. Yeah. It's like I'm doing good. Yeah. And you're like, somebody set me on a counter so I can look at the children or whatever. Yeah, totally. Totally.


You're like, elf on a shelf, dude. That's exactly what it was. And I like, oh my God. And it's, I feel so bad for these people. And also in turn, I'm like, this is gonna be me, dude. I'm gonna, like, my wife is just gonna have to like, wheel me into the living room as I watch my like little son walk for the, his first steps. Oh yeah. You know, I think it's gonna go like that. But luckily it, it's not. So that's been since I saw you last, dude. That's what you've been doing. That's that's what I've been doing. And that's so stressful. I can imagine, man. Yeah. I'm so sorry you had to go through that dude. Yeah. That's unbelievable. And where you started and like, so that's why I was stretching. That's why you Well you can get dysplasia too. That's one of the things that, yeah. So dogs get a lot. Well a lot of Australian shepherds get it. My friend Scott has an Australian shepherd.


People say, I am an Australian shepherd as a human. Mm. I could see that a little bit. Yeah. Dysplasia refers to abnormal development of growth of cells or tissues, which can be mild, moderate, or severe. Yeah. And can sometimes be a precursor to cancer. Oh. Oh, I didn't know that. I didn't know that. I thought that was when your your your, your hips get all tight. Yeah. Let's look at hip dysplasia. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Hip dysplasia. This guy's trying to upsell us. I thought that was all that always be like a kind of a cool name for like a nineties hip hiphop group. Hip hip dysplasia. Yeah. Hip dysplasia condition where the hip joint does not develop properly. Yeah. Resulting in abnormal fit between the ball and socket of the hip.


Oh. The exact cause of hip dysplasia is unknown, but it may be related to genetics. Yep. Position during pregnancy and history of hip dysplasia in a family. Yeah. Don't have that. Thank god. God, dude. Yeah. Now were there things, were you having to roll out your legs and stuff? Like, tell me some of Were there. I roll out every day. Dude, I have to roll out. Yep. I, I carry around like the ball, the ball I really fuck with. I do acupuncture once a week. I do body work at least once a week. I do a thing called functional patterns, which is, it teaches you like how to stand proper properly using weights and different kind of things. And then I do regular physical therapy and, and that's about it Right now.


But like, and then I do chiropractor that hooks me up with like this machine that zaps you. You know, like a tens unit, like a stem pads. Yeah. But like, this is supposedly like the hot shit machine that zaps you even more. I don't know even what it does, but I'm like doing everything. So like Right now when I'm not currently working on a project, it's like five days a week all week. Physical therapy type stuff, week physical therapy type stuff. Yeah. Wow. Man. Yeah. So that's like having another child. It's almost like having another child. It's like having to take care of yourself. Like that is really extensive. It's so annoying. And then like, I might do this movie and it shoots in South Africa.


Yeah. And I'm like running around and it's like an action sort of movie. And I'm like, oh, am I gonna fuck myself up again? So now I'm like looking at projects with little side eye going like, can I handle this shit? Yeah. What about a calm project? Yeah. I need a nice chill like, but peeping Tom type of thing. Oh. If I could get a peeping Tom gig dude, that's where I'd really Shine. Get him on the ladder. Yeah. Yeah. And that's it. If I'm just perched up in a, in a tree, but I have like a nice chair, like a deer stand. Yeah. You know, and, but it's just me. And just like ogling someone. That'd be a good gig, dude. Yeah. Get Sydnee Sweeney or, or someone in it. Don't know. See Or your wife. Yeah.


No, look, it's just acting. Yeah. It's just acting on. It's just acting babe. Oh yeah. If you got January Johns in there, you got, who else can you play? A lot of people. A lot of people. Dude. Rear Window. That's a, that's a Hitchcock, wasn't it? Rear Window? I think so. Yeah, that's Rear Window. I think it was about butt stuff, wasn't it? That was an early, an early anal film. One of the first anal films. I think it was about Proctology. It was like a proctologist. Oh, was it? Oh, I didn't know. Yeah. A proctologist can't get his act together. Yeah. Man, that's so wild. Thanks for sharing that, dude. Now, when you were a kid, how long did it affect you? Like, say after the accident happened, how long was it?


Did it, like, was it like a daily thing that affected you? Probably Oh, for sure. I, I couldn't walk for about two years. Wow. And then, but then eighth grade, your homie played football. Yep. Really? Yeah. It was so bad, dude. But they were like, yeah, he could play. And then it was just, they made me an offensive lineman. Dude, if you can't move, I can't move. It was just like, but I was pretty strong from all the physical therapy can go around on it. Yeah. Don't hit me. Yeah. Just play. But my mom, my mom was like so worried about me. Right. So she put shin guards on me and arm guards on me. So I was hitting people like b Yeah, you were like, like a soccer fighter out there.


Yeah, dude. I would, my dad was like, take your elbow and jam it underneath their, their chin. So it was just me going like, d and they're like, and I actually, I was like kind of decent. Like it worked. You worked. It worked. You were the only guy out there who was fucking, who was just fucking high eyeing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What? That's crazy, dude. And the devil of your father to then, oh dude, my dad's a dirty dog man. To guide you like that. Yeah. Did my dad, like, I don't know how your parents were, but my dad, I remember as a kid I was getting bullied, you know, a little bit, I'm sure dude. Yeah. But before, before the accident.


Before. Yeah. It was, I don't know, it was just like, there was a bully. Right? Oh yeah. And, and my dad wa was like, dude is does he, he picks on you. Is he a lot bigger than you? And I'm like, he's way bigger than me. He was held back a grade. So this guy was like a fucking monster dude. Insane. And it was in like fourth dumb. He's held back. He was held back. He's a big dummy. Just let the dumb go with their friends. Let 'em go. That's the scary part. When you keep, you're like, Hey, this gets you holding. And now he's gonna be, now he's mad. Now he's angry. 'cause everyone knows he's stupid. Yeah. He's angry and dumb. Yeah. Yeah. So now he's in my grade. Yeah. And, and he p five fo foam. That's a good, yeah. I smell the blood of ah, dumb.


Yeah. And then he is like picking on me and my dad was like, hit him as hard as you can in the face and then run away. He's like that. Like, try to knock him the fuck out and then he's bigger than you. And I'm like, huh. He is like, then get out of there. Right. So the next day I was like, he was picking on me and I just was like, shut, blah. And I punched him right in the nose. Did not knock him out, but he didn't attack. He cried like a bitch. Yeah, he did. Yeah. And then, and then he, and then I think I became his bully, which in turn I've actually heard, I've told this story on, on my podcast, This is Important.


And I told that story. And then I found through the grapevine that he thinks that I was his bully. Why? He doesn't remember bullying me. He only remembers me bullying him afterwards. 'cause afterwards I just took my dad's advice. Right. So he was like talking shit in class. I just got out a book and hit him in the back of the head. Yeah. Yeah. And like he was talking shit at, at the top of the stairs. I fucking kicked him. Checked him and he fell down the stairs. Dislocated his shoulder. Did he? Yeah. Dude. So I think I was like, fucking really violent. Yeah. It sounds like you don't remember things correctly. Yeah. It sounds like you were. I did. It does a violent guy. And it does. It does. But I thought in my head he's the aggressor.


Maybe not. Maybe I'm the, a little piece of shit, but I thought I was in the right. But I was like, I'm smaller so I have to be more violent. Yeah. Or else I'm gonna, I'm gonna be the one getting my ass kicked. Mm. So we, yeah, we had a kid at afterschool care, we went to religious afterschool care because it was, they would donate it to, if you prayed a lot or something. So my mom would get a couple prayers in and then you got free care for the kids or whatever. Good deal. Oh yeah. So she was hitting the urinal or something? No, it's not a urinal. What is it where you pray? Confessional. Confessional, right. Yep. So she way, way different than urinal. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. Yeah. God, I, I hope this God please make this piss come out. Right.


I'm so sorry. No, it's okay, dude. But yeah, so yeah, she would put a, she would like make a bunch of deposits in the confessional or whatever. And then they gave you free childcare for the afterschool. Right. And we had this one kid named Jeep was his name. He was named after a vehicle. Right? Yeah. So they named him Jeep. It was like, well, that's not how it works, but that is it. But my buddy Scott's daddy was like, you know what? If he's, he's being mean. You go up on that upper deck and hum a piece of concrete off at him. And did you do that? I don't remember if we did it or not, but I just remember that advice being like, that is aggressive advice. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, Jeep was problematic and he would body slam other kids and stuff.


Yeah. That sucks, dude. Yeah. So, but everybody had a bully, man. But you talked about on a new podcast, you have a, a new podcast. Wait, I know this with the guys from Workaholics. You guys started a new podcast. That's that's right. It's not new. We've been doing it a while now, but, but do you re-pick it up or something? Yeah, we, we've just, we don't promote it. So we've just been doing it in silence and yeah. No one knows about it. It's called, This is Important, but it's, yeah, me and the Workaholics guys, it's super fun. Yeah, bet. Yeah. It's, it's fun dude. And what a way to keep that thing alive. What a way to keep an experience alive. Yeah. It's just a fun way to get together. It was during the pandemic actually. We started it and we were like, dude, we never see each other anymore.


We're bored. Let's just crank this bitch out and then bring up a photo of the gang right there with the pod. Yeah. This is Important. We're actually pitching a, a new show together. Yeah. So the boys might be back. Yeah. That's so cool. Yeah. We're, yeah, we're what a great group you got with too. Yeah. There's, it's fun, there's, it's rare that a sh you have a show, right? Like Workaholics, which was such a hit. And then you now get to have an experience where you guys are still kind of together, even podcasting. Right. And with gemstones ending, what's it like when something like big, like that ends, like, what's it like when a project that you've done for a few years ends? Like, I know even just doing a small movie that it was like the last day, it felt like the last day of school.


And it was like, and we weren't even, and we were kind of close, but it'd only been, you know, maybe 30 days. But this is years of your life. What's that dude? It's way different like a movie doing movies is so fun, right? Like, it's a, it's a lot of work, like way more work than people think. They, they think it's all glitz and glamor. It kind of sucks. It's it's a nightmare. Yeah. It's a lot. It really is a nightmare. Yeah. It's a living. You're up and you're down and you're up and you're down. You're almost like a zombie that has to do some stuff. I, I love it though. I, I, I love like, putting all the little pieces together and you feel like you're the quarterback of a football team and you know, the whole crew's working together and everybody's working for one common goal. But then when it's wraps a a movie, you really only spent like a two months together or however long.


And so it's like saying goodbye and it's, you know, it's, it's difficult 'cause you've made friends with some of these people, but then on a TV show it's years and years of your life. Yeah. And you really form like, real friendships with some of these people. So I like that better in the way that you like some of these crew people I'm gonna know for the rest of my life. And then it, it's just nice to build a relationship. So that's what I love about tv. And I'm like, I, I'm trying to pitch another show with the Workaholics guys and working on a few other projects that I hope I can get off the ground TV wise, because it's nice just to have something that you can come back to every year and grow with the characters and, you know, have it morph over time.


Like, gemstones ending, like that show was a wild ride, dude. We, it got us through the pandemic, through us through two strikes, through all these ups and downs. All this turmoil is nice to come back and have this be, you know, kind of home base. Wow. And I know you just recorded with Danny a couple weeks ago. Yeah, it was great. Oh, isn't he the best dude? He's so great. I, I was a little bit nervous. I wish I had just talked about more regular stuff. We talked about like some family stuff. It was great. Yeah, it was great. You know, you used to always kind of have your druthers, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I didn't know, I had no clue what he was gonna be like. There's not a ton of stuff out there about him. Well, he, he likes to be mysterious, you know, and it's good. He does a great job of it. And he was talking about how like, by not having social media and all that kind of stuff, it just keeps him, it lets him have his brain space from himself.


He's like, you have to have time to be kind of just where your brain's not doing anything. You know? And he's so good about like, doing what he does and not feel, I think it's so easy just to be like, I have to be everywhere. I have to be doing, I, and I, I feel this way sometimes. I'm like, why don't I have a s a Snapchat presence? Like, fucking snap. Well, Who am I? Yeah, I'm not, I'm not like a 14-year-old TikTok girl. Like Yeah. If you'd a p pedophile if you had one. Yeah. I don't need to be a pedophile. I, I just want to, everyone's doing it. The it is Hollywood. It's Hollywood, man. Yeah. So he's, he's, and he is just the coolest boss man.


He was So is he. Yeah. You know, you meet him and you're like, I, I was the same way. You're a little on your heels, you're a little intimidated. Right. 'cause he's such a presence. And I remember the first time I met him, I was, it was at an after party for like, this is the end or something. And we were doing a movie that Seth Rogan produced Game Over Man, which I did with the Workaholics guys. And so we were there at the after party and I'm, I was trying to smoke with Seth. Right. Like go toe to toe with him. And I smoke weed. I'm good at smoking weed. I would say not as good as Seth Rogan, you know? Yeah. He's, yeah. He looks like elite. He's part of a joint. Yes. He looks human joint. Yeah.


And so I'm, I'm, so I'm like in a fucking daze, fully cross faded. And also he doesn't drink, but I do. So I'm like just guzzling vodka while still trying to keep up with him and through this cloud. And you have stiff person syndrome. This is pretty stiff person. Okay. Okay. This is pretty my stiff, but out through this cloud emerges Danny McBride and he's on like my Mount Rushmore, you know, fa a favorite comedian and just seeing him walk up. He just has this, everything that he says is his character. So it's like, yeah. It's just him. Yeah. And, and I was like, on my heels. And so I go, you're Danny McBride. And he's like, dude, yeah, I know.


And he's like, Hey man, nice to meet you. And then I looked at him and I said, you're a bright shooting star. Mm. What? Like, what the fuck, dude? You're a bright shooting star. I said, I told him you're a bright shooting star, which I think is like a, a Native American type of thing. It might be a Native American, but it's also like, I think from Boogie Knights or something. Mm. And so I, I said, you're a bright shooting star. And he's like, yeah, okay man. And I grabbed my girlfriend at the time and I was like, we have to leave. We have to leave. And she was like, I'm having a good time. Why are we leaving? I'm like, I just called Dana McBride a bright shooting star. Yeah. And she was like, you're right, let's get out of here.


Re like, yeah. Fucking you're outta your mind dude. Let's get outta here. But he, but when he cast me on the show, he did not remember that. I think he also was pretty cross faded as well. Yeah. So he didn't remember that. He might have been cooking with Seth, huh? Yeah. He might have been also cooking with Seth, so. Dang dude. That's crazy. Yeah. So thank, thank God. Yeah.


Are you ready to win real money this March mania turn. Struggling to choose which teams will pull off an upset. Forget about the teams. All you need to focus on are the players stats to win big cash prizes with DraftKings pick six. And when it comes to massive payouts, DraftKings dunks all over the competition, pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia. And more. Track your picks for a shot to win huge cash prizes. It's as simple as that. Turn your March mania knowledge into cash today. New players can get $50 in. Pick six credits instantly with just a $5 entry. Download the DraftKings pick six app now and use code Theo. That's code Theo. For new customers to play $5, get $50 in, Pick six credits. Better payouts, Bigger wins Only with Pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one eight hundred Gambler Help is available for problem gambling. Call eight eight eight seven eight nine seven seven seven seven Or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer Bonus awarded as non Withdrawable. Pick Six Credits that expire in fourteen days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Shout out to Dave Ramsey, my friend. He invited me to a get together at his home in a few months. I'm looking forward to that. And I was grateful when I had him on the show. Dave keeps it real. He, he's been there for a long time. For people reliable, no fluff, no fancy words. Just straight up truth about money. Dave's been doing it for 30 years. He's a financial expert, eight time bestselling author and the host of the Ramsey show. That's a Monday through Friday show where Dave and his team take calls from real people dealing with real money situations. Some are in deep and some just need a little guidance, but all of them are looking for a way forward. They've had some wild calls. My wife maxed out her credit cards at McDonald's. I was dumped because I worked too much and should I pay for my wife to get plastic surgery? Big questions facing Americans, but it's not about the crazy stories. The Ramsey show helps people take control, get a plan, and change their lives. Nearly 40 million people watch the Ramsey Show on YouTube. It dominates Apple podcasts and Amazon music charts. So if you want to get your money right or just hear some of the wildest financial situations, people get into the Ramsey show has it. Check out the Ramsey show weekdays on YouTube podcast or click the link in the show notes.


Yeah. He's just like, I don't know, it's tough. 'cause you, it's tough 'cause you wanna impress him, but you also wanna just learn about him. There was a lot of little stuff. And to know that he liked the directing side and the thinking about in the program that he, that he thinks about that more than it seemed like he does. Probably the acting side, not as a judgment anything. No, no, no. That's right. That's the stuff that he talked about. Why he even got into things. That's the stuff that he likes the most. Like, he's like, I won't really go back and watch things. I like to just be there in that moment when things are trying to are chaotic and how do we figure it out? And I was like, wow, that's kind of fascinating. He's a really smart guy. He went to film school first and like, so he came into the business wanting to be a writer and a director.


And that's what I wanted to do too. Yeah. And I remember telling my mom, I'm like, I think I want to go to film school that way I can learn the other side and then put myself as the, the lead in projects and then I could have all the creative control. And my mom bless her heart was just like, you're an actor. Just go be an actor. Yeah. He was like dunking on me a little bit. Like, okay, dummy, just go be, you've already be the actor. Yeah. You've already been hit by the cement truck. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's, let's not push our luck here. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Next all you need is a lumber truck. And it's a wrap, dude. Yeah, dude. A freaking steamroll. Dang dude. So Jim Stones is, but no, yeah. Getting to see him.


Well it was funny 'cause I went in the lobby and he, or they were waiting in the, in the front room and they're like, Danny's here and we're trying to get ready a little bit and just been a long weekend. And I go in there and he is just pretending that he's sleeping in the chair just so far, like kind of something a kid would do. You know, he's the best. It was just so, like, you know, I've walked in there and had, there's been a hundred guests in there and never once has one just pretended that they're sleeping. You, you know, dude, he, he'll like, when you're on, he likes to keep things light and fun and, but he's also just like a, he's like a little rascal, you know? And so you'll be shooting your side of a take.


Right. And it's over his shoulder and he'll just go Yeah. Like as you're trying to act and you're like, what the, like dude. Yeah. And he's like the guy that'll break the most. Oh yeah. And I think it's to like, to keep things light. And also he just thinks like he's such a good, like such a giver that what, what, like, he wants you to know that he thinks it's funny. Mm. So Danny, a cock light, a little light that can do cocks with it, that's sick. Oh, it was great. You need that. Honestly, he had like a little wiener laser or whatever. It was like, you know how they have that light? You can Shine on somebody at like a, somebody who's given a conference or whatever, like a laser pointer.


Yeah. And you Shine it on 'em in circle his dick with social security comes up and rescues them or whatever, so they'll get shot or whatever. Yeah. Well, secret service, I don't think social security is right actually Social security, apparently Charles taking it out business or whatever. Yeah. There, it's nowhere to be found. So Yeah, dude, it's just gonna be your grandma being like, what? I need this to survive. Here's a cock light instead. Yeah. Yeah. That's what social security is gonna send you a gift each month. Yeah. You know, like, Hey, we don't have money anymore. They, they took that, but here's a cock light.


Those days are over. But yeah. I mean, maybe for some people worth it. What about this Laban Night light we're gonna give you though? Yeah, yeah. This was it. It projects five different dicks. Oh. And I didn't know that. He didn't take me through all the cocks. He showed me that one right there. Well have you, I mean, I feel like this is something that you need to spend some time with. Yeah. I feel like you gotta dust that one off and Oh yeah. It a little bit. I brought it to Las Vegas with me this weekend. Fun. And I was using it during some of the fights. I would lowkey people didn't know it. Oh, that's fun. But like, there were some of the fights we won and I'd flash a cock on somebody. I, we, which is crazy. I I'm sure you get weird gifts like this all the time. I get weird shit all constantly. Like, where, where they, I they want you to talk about it on your podcast or they, you know what I'm saying?


I just got this g it was like offensive. There was this dildo company or something, like a sex toy company and they sent me one that it's to fit over your dick so you have a bigger dick. Hmm. It was called the Little More and you strap it onto your dick so your dick is bigger. And I'm like, why, why was I singled out as the, as the guy a little more. Yeah. I think, is this it? Maybe it maybe. Yeah. So you strap it on, you put it under your, your nuts through a little hole. Oh, you put your nuts into it as well. Yeah. Underneath so it can stay on. Oh, I see. So you kind of put your nuts through a hole and then it stays on top and then it stays on top. So do you even need to use your own?


Not that I've tried it on, not that I know everything about it. Yeah. And what is it, a 41 regular? What size is it? That's the only thing I'm asking. It's a 42 short. It's stocky. Like me. Just a short, stocky little. Yeah, that's exactly, it was amazing. I like a little more five and a half inches. That's so sad. Dude. If that's your little more, Hey look, hey, you know, I guess that person would really need it. Like it's, that's kind of a smart car of cops, dude. Totally, totally. That's, that's something that your wife or girlfriend gives you. I like that that one sold out. I know. Yeah, that one's sold out. They're, they ran out of those. They're like, that means you have to have like a four inch dick to then and you wanna rock up to five and a half.


Five and a half Yeah. For like your wedding or whatever. Yeah. For a big event. I, I wonder if I would like, you know, I guess it's kind of nice because then your wiener could not even have to be erect. You can kind of be soft as long as you're able to fit the mold and just rock this thing. Yeah, that's good. If you're like, you're, you know, you're a little jet lagged, you're a little tired. Oh yeah. I've been jet lagged for 20 years then. Yeah. So, and, and then, you know, you're, you're like, you don't really want to give it up. But then, you know, but still these women crawling all over, you know? Oh my God. It's, it's exhausting. Oh, you gotta smash 'em just to keep 'em off the ceiling fan, you know. Oh, geez. For real. I know, I know exactly what she made. No, dude, I'm married.


I have a 1-year-old baby. My wife is like, please stop. Yeah. Touching me for, for 18 more years. Do not touch me. Yeah. There we are. Oh, there, there we go. We're a beautiful family. We're a beautiful family. Wow. Dude. It must be nice. Have a beautiful family. It is. I'm Is that a real picture? That's a real, yeah, that's our living room. Yeah. Y'all have a boat? Yeah. Dude, you're lying. Got a boats, dude. Oh my God. That's what happens when you have stiff person syndrome. You're like, you know what? I'm basically a retiree now, now I just stretch. I do like yoga in my backyard and then I take boats out. They just tie you to the front, like in that. What about Bob? Yeah.


Yeah. I'm, I'm, I I'm exactly like that your character in Congratulations too on your family. Thanks, dude. How soon after a wife has one child, do they want to, is there, isn't there a strategy there that starts to come in? Like, do we have another one immediately? Do we hold off? Yes. Because you don't wanna have the only child. I don't think. We don't, we want, we want a a two banger, the one, two punch. And I think we, we want to try to go fairly soon, you know, just to, to pound it out. Yeah. Keep the things going. I feel once you're used to doing diapers, I'm like, let's keep this thing rolling. Right. I know, I know how to do whip. I know how to do this quick. Like, you don't wanna get out of the diaper phase and then suddenly you're like, oh fuck, I gotta do this again.


You have to dust 'em off or whatever. Yeah. Like, yeah. Well, like how do I even Yeah. What are we doing? Yeah. What are we doing here, dude? Yeah, yeah, I guess that's true. Knock 'em all out. We just had Candace Owens on and she has had four kids in a row. 1, 2, 3, 4. She's on her fourth child Right now. That's a lot per year. So it's just like, oh, that's a lot. Yeah. At that point you're kind of running a distillery it seems like. Yeah. That's too much. Well, I feel like it finally got to the point that like my wife is allowing me to touch her a little bit. Right. Like sometimes. So then I know if like we run it back and have another kid, then it's off the table for another year. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So that, that sucks, but it kind of fits. So with your gemstones characters, your, your gym, your gemstones character is now fully a homosexual male, right?


That is. Right. That is right. And what's that been like? What's that journey been like? How, like how do you get, did you My wife doesn't love it. Okay. She, she's not super attracted to that, that guy. That guy. Yeah. It was, you know, it was, it kind of seemed like it was going that way and it was really fun to play like a character that had like a secret, you know, a little secret to that I didn't wanna divulge. So it was nice. This season I'm out, I'm proud and I, and I could just like be, because I, I don't know about you, but I have like some gay family members and when they finally came out, it was like, they were, they had a new lease on life.


Oh yeah. They just seemed happier. They, like a new personality emerged Yeah. From their cocoon. They, they, they broke out of the hetero shell and now they can just be gay. Yeah. And so it was super fun to play that. Dang. Yeah. Yeah. And did you have to pra, did you have to like channel any specialty or special gay folks? Or do you call a gay that you or per, or a gay person? Did you contact some other gay people? Did you take like a small, like a weekend retreat or something? Like is there any No, I didn't, yeah, there wasn't a lot of gay re like channeling. Yeah. Was it, I, yeah, it was mostly just acting. Okay. I didn't go on any gay retreats.


Not that I'm opposed to it. No. I'm just, yeah. I'm just wondering, did you, and do you have to ask like a, is there like a, because like sometimes with the, with some black stuff, if you wanna use N word, you have to get a pass. You have to, yeah. You would, you really need a lot of co-signers on that. Yeah, definitely. Like a lot. There'd have to be like a long list. It was like all these people said, I could say it. Yeah. Yeah. But anyway. Yeah, I was just wondering, do you have to get a gay pass from an acting guild or anything to play? No, I think I just did it. I hope, I hope I don't get in trouble though. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck. Now that you're kind of airing it out, I'm, I'm a little bit like, did I do 'em dirty? But I don't think so. I don't think so. I, I, yeah, I, I have some gay friends and they were like, it's great.


You're good. It's fantastic. Yeah. Because I think I walked the line of, of being a little flamboyant in moments, but then not in other moments as a gay man. Yeah. And as you would, should your character, let's bring his character up too here, just so we can get a gander at him as well. I also have been pulling some looks the last couple years, dude. For sure. Sure. My, my fashions are on point. Yeah. I think there was, it was not shocking, I don't think to people that your character could have this going on. Yeah. Because there's also, there's always a surprise gay person in a lot of religious families. Absolutely. And look at this, look at that guy.


Look at that sex pot. I mean, that guy could be seven or 41 that's ex exactly how old I am. And this guy's been fucking, this is unbelievable to say this even exists, right? Yeah, dude, I know. It was such a fun character to play, you know, where I, I channeled the, the, the character was a lot of wrist work. Like, I, I was, I just Do you, because it, when you're acting for me, if I'm some, if I'm not playing, like Adam Dem from Workaholics was pretty similar to myself, just the more manic version of myself, you know? So I didn't have to do a lot. But other characters where I'm like, he's different than me.


I have to find something where I can click in physically. I found like, just doing different things with my hands, I would be able to channel him in ways that I I, that isn't me, you know? Yeah. I can totally relate to that. Like, sometimes when you'll go to costumes for a, a, a part and you'll try on different ones and then you'll put on like a certain outfit or something that have you in and you're like, oh, this is kind of it. And you start to feel a little bit different. Or you'll like, kind of like wa if you walk around, yes. You hold yourself a little differently. You strut around a little differently. Yeah. For me it was on gemstones. I got, I they gave me these, well I actually requested them.


You know how like certain people will wear glasses? Yeah. Even though they don't have a, anything wrong with their eyes. Yeah, I'll do that. It's like, it's like a fashion thing. And so you put put 'em on and just like, look at these. I'll even do Right now. Well those are sunglasses that you just look cool. Oh, you're saying this? Just any type of glasses. Just, just like a regular glasses, but Okay. No sun window glasses, regular window. Glasses and put 'em on. Yeah. J just for like a fashion sake. Oh, yeah, yeah. I've done that. Yeah. So that to me, when I put that on, I like became a different character. Yeah. Like, I was, like, I had a, I was like doing a little bit of a thing.


Yeah. Like that. Yeah. And that's how I morphed into Kelvin Jam Stone. Well, a lot of, there's a lot of gay activity in nature as well. You know, if they Back to nature, dude. Well, the stream, they're either killing each other or they're fucking bring up that they just had two humpback whales, if you can find that, having sex. And they're both males, so this is, oh shit. So I'm just saying gemstones inspired them is not the only people that are finding themselves. Yeah. Right. Two male humpback whales are seen mating off the coast of Hawaii. Of course, yeah. Obviously. And, oh dude, I'm in Hawaii. I'll fuck anything. Yeah. When biologists, Stephanie Stack first saw the photographs of two humpback whales mating in the warm waters of Hawaii, she says, her mind was completely blown When I realized that it was two males, it was not what I was expecting.


I thought, oh my gosh, this is incredible. Says this is the first, she's a biologist at the Pacific Whale Foundation in Maui, which sounds like a, something that Doge is gonna bust soon. Says this is the first time humpback whale sex has been documented. She co-authored a paper about the rare sighting in the journal. Marine mammal science. Yeah. Elon's gonna be like, so we've given $2 billion for gay whale porn. So, and we only have one photo to Yeah. One photo to, to prove If they, if they had a lot of films that could make money on PornHub, then we'd keep it going.


But we got one pick. We got one. It's not worth it. You can't even open up a OnlyFans. Yeah. That sucks, dude. That's ridiculous. You know, there's a OnlyFans I just saw this morning, one of the girls on Harry Potter started a OnlyFans. Oh yeah. Wow. I mean, I don't, I don't know her. I don't know. Harry Potter's got less hair on it. That's all I'm saying, dude. That's all I'm saying. Allegedly. And these are rumors. I don't remember the, the girl's name. Yeah. It wasn't Hermione, it wasn't the, the number one stunner. Oh. But Jesse Cave, Jesse Cave, Hermione, Jesse Cave, Harry Potter star. Jesse Cave says she's now an only fan now, and her reason why is pretty understandable.


Yeah, it's understandable. I think she said she wanted a new roof or something, like she was gonna do, do some home rem mods. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's which by the way, I've done some home rem mods. It's expensive, dude. Oh, it's 50 racks for a roof. It's probably 30, 30 racks for a roof, maybe. Yeah. Oh, dude. No, I just, I just did it. It's 80 80 for a roof. Roof for my roof. Yeah. How strong is it? It's a really, I guess a really strong one. Oh. There's, what do they call those clay shells? What do they call those? What? Three little pigs? Roofers? We used to have that group. Oh, I don't know. Yeah, we didn't get that. I wonder if I could start an OnlyFans just showing off my calves. Oh, yeah.


You know, I only got four toes. Uhuh fell off in the bathtub homie. After the accident. After the accident. Yeah. My dad was missing a, a knot or something. One of his little arms or finger? Finger, they call it. Little arms. Hand arms. Yeah. A little one of the, the hand arms fell. I got hit by, I, I got hit by a Trans Am when I was a kid. Not to the effect of you with a d with TransAm. Was it? Does that have the, the Firebird on it? It was Silver TransAm. Bring it up. Silver TransAm. 19, I would say probably 85 put up an 85 TransAm. It had after, well, that's kind of sick. That's a cool car to get hit by. It had an aftermarket hood on it, and Joe Dirt was driving it. And that's why you were like, I've gotta work with Spade.


I got slammed right into, into Joe Dirt. This is sick, dude. I actually wouldn't, I wouldn't mind owning that car. Car. That bitch was tough. Yeah. That's a sick car to get hit by. But you have a cool old car, don't you? No, I used to have, I mean, not even old. It was like, I just didn't buy a new one. I used to have a, a Camaro. Oh yeah. That's what you had. Yeah, I had a a but it was like 2010. Yeah. There's my foot. There's my foot. That's my foot. Oh, hot. And it's darker, huh? Yeah. I think it was just the lighting. My, it's, it's pretty normal looking. I mean, normal for my legs. It looks fast. Yeah. It looks like those toes can grab something. Like I can reach out, like you throw me a ball and I go, yeah. It just, just snag it out of the gear. But they, they can't catch things. They're just regular toes.


It fell. It fell out. It fell off. I've told this on my podcast, but it fell off in the bathtub when I was masturbating for one of the first times in my life. You're lying. Seventh grade, I was masturbating. I just learned that my penis did tricks and I was playing with it, and it fell off in the bathtub. Dude, baby girl. Why? Yeah. Yeah. And what I don't understand. How did it, were you taking blood flow from that area into your window? Like what was happening? It was, it was hanging on by a thread. And they said that it was either going to grow, like attach and, and it was gonna be fine, or more than likely was so shard, charred, fucking, it was a lifeboat.


It was just gonna flop off. Oh. And it was, I mean, this is gross, but it was maybe one of the first times I ejaculated and I'm in this bathtub and I'm like, oh, this is gross. There's stuff in here. And now I'm in this bathtub. And then I see the toe go on the little toe just floating in the clunk. No. Yeah. And did they meet up? They were, yeah. They were swimming together. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was pretty nasty. Why? Kind of a nasty dude. You would think that it would be able to help it. Yeah. You all of a sudden it just like regrows DNA in there. Yeah. All of a sudden it grows a toenail. And then all of a sudden it was like, it turns beautiful pink.


And I just reattach it, click, click. I screamed out. And then my mom came in and it was like, huh, what? And I'm like, my toe. And then she's trying to fish the toe out. And I'm like, get out of here. Get out. It was, it was wild, dude. Oh yeah. Did you tell your, well now your mom knows what happened. Have you masturbated since then, or no? Yeah, a few times. A couple times. Yeah. Yeah. I do. I do. I'm not afraid to admit. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. I think it's normal. I like it. I don't like it that I used to like it. And now I'm like, what are we doing? Yeah, I understand that. And I get that. And that's how a normal man should be. But I'm like, when I'm away, like I, you know, wife and kid at home.


Now if I'm on the road doing something, I'm like, daddy's alone. Yeah. You know, some sweet treats. Timesome hand magic. Huh? They, they stopped giving lotion in hotels. A lot of hotels. They don't have the lotion nearby really? They used to have a small free thing of lotion. They used to always have the lotion. Now, the last few hotels I've been in, nice hotels, they don't have the lotion. I think too many people were jerking off. Really? They were like trying to cut the jerk off numbers. They're trying to knock those down. Wonder why? I wonder if there's a shortage or something. Yeah, maybe it's probably Doge. Yeah. Like what do we do? We're spending all this money on lotion. Like no more. We spend $4 billion on lotion. How do we subsidize lotion?


Dude, what do a mechanic and an auto shop owner in Georgia, a taco restaurant operator in Arizona, and a life saving medical innovator in Tennessee have in common. They're all small business owners and they're all thriving on TikTok across the us. Over 7.5 million businesses from family owned shops to entrepreneurs are using TikTok to compete and grow. In fact, 74% of businesses on TikTok say TikTok has allowed them to scale their operations, increasing sales and expanding to new locations. And that growth means jobs. Today, there are over 7.5 million US businesses on TikTok employing more than 28 million people. And that number keeps growing. Small businesses thrive on TikTok. Learn more about TikToks contribution to the US economy@tiktokeconomicimpact.com.


Man, the mainstream media is a big machine. I believe that that's conclusive. There's no more debating that. They shape stories, they hide parts. So we're never really seeing the whole picture. Before you know it, you're stuck in this echo chamber just getting one side of the story over and over. That's how the algorithms work. That's why I like ground news. It lets you see how different news outlets cover the same story left, right center. You compare it all in one spot and think for yourself, for example, there's this article right here on Ground news that says, white House narrows April 2nd tariffs. Then you can go to another set. All the headlines are right there, and you can see all the headlines from the different news sites all on the same page. I don't think we've had something like this where you can really, you can shop for your news and look at basically the nutrition facts of it and see, well, which site is giving me the real thing? Which site has the most bias in it? You can compare the same headlines, the same articles from one site to the next all in one spot. Expand your view of the news. Go to ground news.com/theo, that's G-R-O-U-N-D-N-E-W s.com/t EO to get 40% off the advantage plan and get access to the mobile app website and exclusive newsletters. One more time. That's ground news.com/t. You have to go check this out. I've never seen anything like it, actually. I think it's kind of what we've all been wanting.


You all know I like to keep things cool even in the winter and nothing's cooler than a blue cube cold plunge. I'm fortunate enough to have one at home. And let me tell you, it's like baptizing your soul. But getting that little crispy bucket, baby, it gets rid of them demons we all have and makes you feel great for seven or eight hours afterwards. It's good. My buddy Thomas Schiffer, the genius behind Blue Cube and I go way back, and he just launched a presale for their new standup cold plunges. Wow. These things are the Cadillacs of cold plunge therapy. American made full immersion weatherproof frames and built like a Sherman tank. I'll say this. They are built well, and because you're listening to me, you can get a sweet discount when you mention my name. That's right. Just tell 'em Theo sent you and they'll knock a good bid off the price. So if you're ready to boost your metabolism, eliminate inflation, and blast away your anxiety, give them a call. Head over to their website, blue cube baths.com and dive into the details. Opt in on their website or give them a call. I am grateful for the one that I have, and I feel honestly thankful to be able to have one. I know they're not in everybody's price range and, and that's understandable. But at the same time, I wanna support my friend and is amazing company.


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? Do you find yourself watching porno for longer periods of time and having trouble stopping? Is porn affecting your relationship or dating life? Well, you're certainly not alone. Watching pornography has become so commonplace today, and oftentimes men use porn to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety and depression. Shame and stigma prevent men from talking about these issues and getting help for them. I want to introduce you to my friend Steve. Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery, a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. Steve is a long-term sexual recovery member and has personally overcame the emotional and spiritual despair of abusing pornography and has dedicated his life to empowering men to do the same. Steve is an amazing person and he is a close friend of mine. I mean that Valor Recovery helps men to develop the tools necessary to have a healthier sex life. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend these problematic behaviors. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at www dot Valor Recovery coaching.com. Or email them at admin at Valor Recovery coaching.com. Thank you.


Dude. Some of the things doze busted were insane though. Yeah, it is. It is funny. Yeah. One of 'em was like $2 million to eliminate some of the alphabet from like Mozambique or whatever. It was like, what? Isn't Doja mean coin? I thought it was So, it's funny that it's also like we are, we're going with this for the name. Like whoever owns the Dogecoin is probably kind of stoked that they got, they're getting all this free pubs, free publicity for sure. Yeah. Because they just started advertising it. Yeah. For hit rock bottom. Dude, you know what? I will say this because they need different types of, 'cause your Gemstone character, his job is he's youth pastor.


Yeah. Well now I think he's just, he runs like a sect of the church called Prism. So it's very inclusive. So like if you're gay or non-binary or whatever, something, someone who's been othered by society, you now can join Prism and God's light will Shine through me and I shoot the rainbow onto you. Ooh, baby. I love that. We need that. We need, like, when I was younger, there's only like a couple types of gay guys kind of, there was like, or it just seemed like there was, now we need more. Like, you know, you need more, there's all different types. Yeah, there's all different types. Now I understand what you're saying. Like when you're a kid, what you see on like movies and and stuff, there's only like, like a secret gay guy.


Yeah. There's a secret. Like don't tell. And then like a guy, gay guy who's so straight, like tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell that you're like, he's not gay. And then the the most flamboyant man a lot. Yeah. Yeah. And then a woodpecker. And then of woodpecker. Yes. Yeah. Or yeah, a guy would just come to Yeah. A guy was like, yeah. It was just waking people up. Yeah. Will not shut up about how gay they are. Yeah. We keep just talking about Jessica Simpson all the time. They, I mean, if you were to pick that would maybe the last pop star that I was gonna think you're gonna pull out of the cr. But, but Yeah. But I mean, I mean for sure, but now there's like gay construction worker, there's gay like people that are archers. Yeah. I think there always kind of was, but now this is more popular.


But now you know. Now you know. Yeah. Yeah. Now it's, no. And now you can even in church, have a gay section of church. Right. Apparently, according to The Righteous Gemstones. I don't know if, if other churches are doing this, but I think it, they should, they should allow if there's just, you know, or maybe they don't have to make it exclusive or inclu just make it, but I don't even think you need a section. Right? That's a thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But now there's more like, yeah, there's just more gay people everywhere now. And more common. I like to see even more like, I would love to see Gay train conductor or, that's what my dad was Really? Yeah. He was a train conductor. Uhuh. Yeah. I think, you know what I'm sick of is you watch a movie, it's like, like a what if he hit my friend dude.


I I, I mean now that you say it, it it rings a bell for me. He, he didn't hit your friend, but he did. They he has murdered people. Really? Yeah. With a train. With a train. Unreal. With a train. Yeah. He would say that. You go, you go. He was like, it's so gross. O obviously. And my dad's so funny. He's like, yeah, tell you what I'm like a little kid. He's told me this story. He's like, hit a hobo. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, what? And he's like, yeah. And I'm, and I'm like, oh, is he alive? I'm a little kid. So I'm like, is he alive? And he's like, no. Looked underneath the train. I'm like, geez. Looks like ground beef. I was like, we, we could make grill up some burgers with this bum.


And I'm like, geez, chill dude. This is a human being who wants a bum on a bun. Yeah. Yeah. So he, yeah. So he's murdered bum fights. How about bum with fries? Huh? Re like what? Dude, I can't believe that. Oh, happy Meal. A very unhappy meal. Yeah. Where was he and what district was he hitting people in? Or what section of the country did he even I think this was Iowa, Nebraska. Oh yeah. Zones. Yeah. So that's a good area to, if you, if you know, I feel like bums be passing out on train tracks there that if you were to think of like a classic bums be sleeping on train tracks that, would you think of that area that's around?


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Why do people, it amazes me that people get hit on train tracks. It's like, that's the only place you can be five feet away from there. Just don't fall asleep there. Like why there? I don't know. I wonder if it's warm. Maybe the tracks are, they conduct some warmth 'cause the trains go up and down. 'em, maybe I would say just also maybe 15 feet away. Right. Right. And maybe, or, and cover yourself up. You know how there's usually rocks along the side. Just cover yourself up with the rocks. Yeah. Off to the side. Right. Warm. That seems seems warm. Warm. That seems warm. I agree. Yeah. Yeah. Look at this warm guy under these rocks, huh? Yeah, dude. I think, do you think you would be a good homeless person? Lemme think for a second.


I think you get the hang of it quick. I think I would commandeer an area of a park. That's what I would do. I would find a park, stay there for a couple days and see like an area where nobody really goes. But see, that's the, that's the hard part. 'cause in LA there's people everywhere. You got, you gotta go, you know? And maybe some of these fires were, I mean, I don't know, I'm not pointing blame, but like, it would make sense. I know if I was a homeless guy Yeah. I'd be them hills, man. I'd be up in them hills. I'd be covered in like coyote skins. Yeah. 'cause I've, I've, I've gone on some hunts. Yeah. Right. And you're just, and then you have a little bonfire and you're just roasting coyotes and stuff for food. Yo they call 'em roasting yotes.


Yeah. Roasting yotes. Some yotes. And then, and then you maybe have your own little like, barbecue stand, but only for other homeless people. And they're like, oh shit, I gotta roll up in them hills. Get some yos. Get a yos burger. Ron's slinging Yates. Yeah. Ron's got a fresh batch of yo on the grill. Yeah. So that's kind of what I think I would, I'd be doing. So you'd be high-end homeless then? 'cause you're, well, I think if you're gonna be homeless, you wanna be high end, but they're gonna call the police immediately. Poor people would just be like, oh, there's a, you know, that's gonna be me in a week. But rich people like, get this guy. Yeah. Get this guy outta here. But you have to be so up in the hills, they don't even know you're there. Oh, I see what you're talking about. And, and you're, and you're, you know, you're killing Ys, so you're like doing a service. Like rich people don't want Yates around because they kill the dog.


They kill like little dogs and stuff. You could tell 'em straight up, Hey, I'm gonna be back behind your house. I'll live back there every now and then. If you have some used Burberry or whatever, throw it back there. I think that's how you had to do it. Because You don't want anyone, no one wants just someone living right behind their house and they don't know the guy. Like, you wanna be like, Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? I'm theo I'm gonna be living directly behind your house. I'm gonna be on the lookout for Yates. Yep. I'll be calm. I'll be quiet. Ll fend off woodpeckers. You'll sleep. Yeah. If you got So like a dirty blanket or something that you don't want Yeah. Anymore. Throw, toss my way back of limes or something. Hey. But I'm not asking for anything. Yeah. I'm not asking here. I'm just out here. Yeah. I'm protecting your home. Yeah.


Honestly, if you hear somebody singing Jewel once in a while, that's me. Yes. Just singing these foolish, foolish games that would Yeah. And also that's a beautiful song. So they might, they might do that. Yeah. I think there is a way to live symbiotically with homeless people. I think the problem is, in some districts, homeless people start to battle against each other. Yeah. Homeless territory. Can you bring up some of that? Homeless? You don't like that territorial fights? Oh yeah. There's straight wars, dude. Well, there's a, a lot of that. And there was a group of homeless people that attacked a Renaissance Fair one weekend. Really? I guess. And they, they, you couldn't tell who's who. I think, like You don't know who, who's fighting who. You're like, either he is Renaissance guy or he's homeless.


He's, I know he is covered in fur and eating a Turkey leg. But that's either a Turkey leg or a yo leg. I'm not sure which one it is. Yos are thick, homie. That's all I'm saying. Yeah. You got some thick yos in them hills. Let's go out to this Quora right there. It says the top one. It says, do homeless people ever get territorial? Oh yeah. Dude, most hobos have a campsite tread softly. They know the area extremely well. And I've seen a couple of really interesting alert systems. Alert systems trapped. I've heard of somebody trapped Be trapped. Trapped. Yeah. But never encountered that myself. Okay. And I like that on this forum, we're, we're bringing back the word hobo because I don't think hobo is a derogatory term. In fact, if I was homeless, you know how now you have to say there's like a new term for homeless.


It's called like unhoused. Unhoused, I think. Right. I think hobos better ho hobos. Like a fun, like you'd think you have a stick and a nap sack. You're riding the rails. You have the wave cotton. I Joe. Yeah. It's like a more fun term. I personally, who's got a tangerine for Danny. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Yeah. That's the kinda shit. Yeah. Oh God. Being a hobo. My buddy rode on trains. He jumped train cars for a little while. I think that'd be fun to do. He said one of the problems is though, this is one of the big mistakes that hobos make because are hobos technically people that ride the trains. Is that who it is? That rings a bell. Bring up hobos. How do they travel? Mostly? My, my dad said that part of his job was to go up, walk up and down the trains and kick them out.


Mm. And my dad was like, I'd let him sleep. Oh, that's a good man. It's just crazy. Your dad, what's up Dennis? That your dad hit people with trains and then you got hit by something. Yeah. A hobo was a migrant worker in the United States. Hobos, tramps and bums are generally regarded as related, but distinct. A hobo travels and is willing to work a tramp travels, but avoids work. Impossible. A bum. Neither travels nor works. Yeah. So Yeah. Bums that kind of, I mean, You don't wanna be called a bum. If they call you a bum, you're like offended. I don't travel, I don't work. I don't do anything. Yeah. A hobos like, Hey, I'm getting out there. I'm mixing it up. I'm willing to work. Yeah. I'm willing to work. Willing to work. I'll travel.


Yeah. Will travel. But the ho I think one of the things is a lot of them die in the train cars. Yeah. 'cause they close the door and they don't realize that they can't unlock it from the inside. Yes. And it gets super hot or super cold. Yeah. Yeah. And also my dad says, sometimes there are grain cars and you can climb up and then the grain is like open and you can climb in and then you sink into the grain. No. Yeah. So that they'll die that way too. Took your coat off. Stood in the grain. I don't know that song. Was that something you just made up? Always Crazy, crazy. Like that. This is a little more jewel. Oh dude, I wish I knew more.


Jewel. I wish I had a, a deeper knowledge of Jewel. You know, my house was just broken into the other day. Dude. What? Yeah, my house was the house. We just saw the photo in with the baby in the, in the boat. In the yard. Different house. Different house. I, I have a house in Hollywood and yeah, they broke into my house in and out in under eight minutes. Pros. That's a long Eight minutes. Eight minutes. Bang. Adam Vine. Cops take a scary spill. Oh, this is the second part of this story. Okay. So the, so then I get, they robbed my house and then I, they totally destroyed my security system, by the way. Security system didn't do shit. Really? They dismantled it like that. Uhuh, these guys are pros. They just came in, they cut some wires, it was done.


And then they were gone. So I'm like, gotta redo my security system. So I pay for them to come and set up the whole thing again. And, and then the cops come because the, they didn't do it right. Yeah. The alarm goes off. I'm out of town. So they, the cops come, they're checking the property. This poor cop falls 15 or so feet, like trying to check out my property. Breaks his arm. No gun goes flying Baton goes in a bush. Dude. Did they catch a, it's, it's a gnarly fall. No. So when the alarm goes off, there was no one there. Oh. I get a call and the cop's like, Hey, do you mind if we walk through your door's unlocked?


I'm like, oh, did I get robbed again for the second time in two weeks? And he's like, can I walk through your property? So I'm like, sure. He walks through, I don't get a call. And then my neighbor calls me and he is like, Hey, is everything okay? He sends me a video of this, I'll show you later of this cop absolutely eating shit. Oh. I felt so bad for him. Also. Like, You don't want the cops to hate you. Right. I'm like, and did he fall off of something? Off of a ledge or something? Yeah. So how they broke into my house was what also where they were checking, you can climb up the side of this hill to get in my bedroom. And they like smashed a window to get in. But, but the cops, the, when they put the window back in, my contractor didn't lock my door like a fucking bone head.


Right. So like a hobo like a true hobo move. Yeah. That's more of a tramp move. Yeah. That is a tramp. Tramp move. Dude, that's a tramp move. A move. Almost. Almost. I won't say that 'cause that's too offensive to my contractor. But that was a T move. God, God why'd you do it? Yeah. So he, and so the cop went, what? One cop went in the house, didn't find anyone lurking. And then the other cop, I guess he was beating a nice dude. He was like, I got some mud on my shoes. I don't want to tramp through this guy's home. So he tries to climb back down, split splat Falls 15 feet. He gets up his arms kind of dangling like this.


And the other cop is down there. He is like, are you okay? He doesn't say, you know, when you're in a lot of pain. Yeah. You don't say a word. Like a lot of like Yeah. You make a sound that doesn't have any sound. Yeah. I was like, yeah. And so he didn't say anything. And I was like, oh, this guy's, he's not feeling right. Fuck. Yeah. Felt bad for the poor guys. And did the burglars steal a lot of things that were important or no? No. They, I mean, it was just like TVs and shit. Not even, they were like, they were like in and out in eight minutes. They stole like my wife's purses and stuff. Oh. Which by the way, I didn't know how much purses were, I was a little offended that this woman has this many purses. I was like, oh, there's just a few purses. And then she told me how much purses cost. I'm like, you gotta stop buying purses lady.


Damn. Yeah. You're not gonna have anything to put in the purses. Yeah, exactly. I'm like, oh, the point of a purse is to hold the things that are important. But, but evidently the important thing is the outside. I didn't know that. That's kind of crazy. It's kind of a anomaly for what life is like or whatever. Yeah. I don't dunno if anomaly is the right word, but That's unbelievable, dude. Yeah. God. Yeah. So it sucked his second time. That house has been robbed. I'm a little bummed. Hmm. So I wonder if that's just happening more. Do you hear your neighbors and stuff talking about it or? Yeah, so Blake in his neighborhood has been a lot of thieves in the midst as well. Hmm. They're saying it's like gangs. Like gangs are, are coming in and they, they like know their shit. 'cause this, these guys took my internet down. They like had an internet blocker.


So they pulled up, disconnected the internet so that way the alarms won't go off or anything. Yeah. And so they, well the alarm would go off, but the like ring cameras went down. Oh. So like, I didn't even know, I didn't even know it was robbed until my gardener was like cleaning and was gardening. Yeah. And he was like, Mr. Adam, I don't think there should be a hole in your window, but it was right after those big winds. We had the El Ninos. Oh God. The Santa Ana's. You've been through a lot. And I was like, did a rock fly through the window? Yeah. What could have happened? Yeah. I was, I was like, yeah, what, what flew through? Did an a mango, did an orange fly through this window. Was it a run by fruit team?


You know? But it wasn't, it was a, a criminal organization God in my home. Yeah. Dude, I wonder if they're tracking people, knowing when people are out town. If they're like, especially if they're actors and stuff. If they're working at certain times or just, yeah. Maybe it's a brave move just to climb up somebody's balcony and see what's going on. I mean, it was, dude, it was at 8:21 PM like a time when people are out walking dogs and stuff. So Yeah. They were just Or would've been home. Him. Yeah. Would've been home. Yeah. Just Shira just had somebody pull up on him. You see that video? He's a UFC fighter and he was working in his truck. This is pretty crazy professional. UFC fighter. Cheeto Air was working in his truck as a man with what appears to be a knife. Tried approaching him. Oh dude. Well, I mean, first of all, you see this guy working on his truck.


He's got neck tattoos. Yeah. This dude pulls up, pulls a knife out right here. Oh, look at that knife. Crazy. Oh, he's so lucky. He didn't get shot in the back. Like, just like murders, murder town. U s A, it shows you two UFC guys that they're ready. They think defense first also. Dude, he has a, a shotgun just laying on his front like that was so easily grab-able. Yeah. What? That's, that's, I mean, you're ready. You're ready. Those UFC guys are ready, dude. If you even fucking whisper to 'em wrong. You hit the wrong octave during a secret. Yeah. And those guys will fre ready. They just all, all of a sudden they just got like throwing stars just like ding dink, dink dink.


Oh, they will remodel the way you breathe. You have to really, you gotta be careful around those guys. They're severe. I feel like I couldn't, I mean, I, I own a gun. It's so tucked away. You I would never get to it if it then I'd never, never get to it. You've gotta put both legs down. Put like this if you're, don't know if it's really a strong kickback, have your wife lean against your back like this. Okay. With their arm up. Yes. So it's a lot, it's a lot to do. Right. But you guys are prepared as a team then. Yeah. And you gotta pop up. I think if somebody, you know, I don't know. It's like if somebody came in your room, what would you do? Say you wake up, right? You think there's somebody in your room, Adam? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I would like to think I'm ready, ready to go.


Did you say something First Rumble. Good evening. What do you do? Well, I was home. My alarm kept fucking up because they, when they redid it, they, they fucked up. So it would just go off, which is terrifying. And I'm up there staying by myself and it was like, 1:00 AM I'm like trying to go to sleep. And all of a sudden the alarm goes off after the burglary in your house, after the burlar burglary. And I, I go, Hello. Yeah. I like lower. I like, I like lower, I lower my voice. I'm like, sound not like me. I sound a little try. I, I mean it's so, I'm like, Hello, I've got a gun. I'm like, I don't have a gun.


I sound, sound. You sound like Peter Griffin, dude. Yeah, I do. I've A I've got a gun And war was, yeah. I sound like a, like a guy who didn't make it on the Sopranos. Like he auditioned but did not get cast. I've Got a gun. I've got a gun. Oh, I'm doing a bad dice. Hey, watch out. Oh, I got a gun. I'll shoot ya. The, the bur you, you start playing that video from, from home. 11. Oh yeah. Yeah. The burglars. You dirty animals keep the, you're they're laughing so hard in the other room.


The burglars that they Yeah. They're still stealing all my shit. Just like, this guy's good man. This guy bad. I like guy, we gotta steal from here more often. Will you keep, will you keep a home? God, you've had a life riddled with things, man. Yeah, dude, I didn't realize that. I'm riddled. You've had a lot of riddling going on. Yeah. Will you, will you keep a home in Charleston? Are you glad to be gone from Charleston? I'm, I'm gonna miss Charleston. I wish I would've bought a place there just so I had more of a reason to go back all the time. But, and also not a lot of crime there. So I probably would've been safe. Mm. Yeah. Have you been, have you spent any time in Charleston? Yeah, I lived in Charleston for a while.


Oh, you did? Yeah. I hitchhiked up there to chase a girl that I was in love with that almost had, almost had, didn't have to get a cease and restraining or whatever, but it got close to, oh, you know, just loitering late at night. That's okay. That's okay. It was a little rear window situation. Yeah. We've all been through some things, right? Yeah. Yeah. It was college times little, you were, you were practicing for an upcoming role of a stalker. What? I was just, this is ac I'm an actor. I'm researching a role. Like, well, we haven't been, we haven't seen you in any roles. Yes. I know. I'm only 17 and I, I'm not, I've never acted in anything nor do I have a career. How do you expect me to get a role?


Yeah. I've gotta practice. But that was, yeah. I love it there. I mean, it's amazing. Yeah. Danny McBride said that you and Tony would go and work out a lot over there. Was that a real thing? Yeah, we were. Well, he's like a fucking true athlete. He's got like a real jawline mine. Mine. Like ebbs and flows. Yeah. Look, he's all jacked. Look at that guy. He's jack real jacked and juicy. I'm, I'm less jacked and, and less juicy. But I do, what's weird is we work out to get, we would work out together all the time. And his body morphed into that. And I, I look like how I look like, you know, like a regular guy. Yeah. Like a guy. Yeah. Like, like it's just a guy you see and you're like, I bet he eats cheeseburgers.


Yeah. Hope that guy's okay. Yeah. With me, with me, I think people are like, yeah, I hope that guy's, you know, like, you, you think I look like I'm not Okay. No. I think you seem like, like, oh, I hope that guy's okay. I'm trying to think of a job that I would see, say if I saw you. Oh, mailman son of, son of mailman. Proud, proud son of a mailman who's trying to make his father proud male boy. I like that male boy. And I'm not offended. Yeah. I'm not offended by that. Okay. No. Yeah. I appreciate that. I think that's, that's a, a fair assessment of what I look like. Yeah. I think I look like we, where you're like, ah, maybe that guy works out. My neighbor hilariously saw me. She's like a, that she's the daughter of the people that live next door to me.


And she's was like 22 and she saw me working outta my garage sometimes I work out in my garage and I have my shirt off. And she, she stopped and she goes, oh, hey. And I'm like, Hey, how's it going? And she goes, wow. I didn't know you worked out offended, dude. That's an offensive thing to say to someone. Yeah. Yeah. So, but I do. Yeah. Yeah. It's like if you show somebody your wiener like a chick, your wiener, like, I didn't know you'd have a wiener. Yeah. Like, whoa. That's a, yeah. Okay. I think it's fairly, obviously I would have one of those. Yeah. Then I need to get some different clothes. Yeah. I think or some Yeah. Spruce up.


Yeah. I need to spruce up. Grow, grow the facial hair out a little bit. Spruce down. Yeah. Dude. Can you believe that male is still a thing getting male? Can you believe that Right now as we talk sometime today, a man, a grown man or grown woman grown that looks like me. He's just trying to make my father proud. Yeah. That looks like you. I like, that's what I'm making my father proud. He is like, he's gonna see me delivering this mail and he's gonna, he's gonna look at me and be like, look at this bright shooting star. He's going to see me as Danny McBride at that party walking through the cloud of smoke. You're a bright shooting star as I, as I'm sliding some mail through a slot. Yeah. But can't you believe somebody's gonna do that today?


Instead of just emailing us and telling us what they need to tell us? Somebody's going to drive over to our house. Yeah. That's wild. Right. Walk up their risk getting attacked by a dog. 'cause that's their, that's all they do all day is battle dogs. See, dogs hate mailmen battle dogs battle senior citizens and gangs that are like fuck mail. Yeah. They're like, know, gimme that fucking mail. Yeah. By the way, there's never anything good in mail. It's either like a ticket. It's like, oh, I gotta pay this thing. Yeah. Like, they finally tracked me down. Or a coupon or just a, or just a coupon for a place you never want to go to. Yeah. They're like, Hey, you want a car detail? Drive two and a half hours to this place and I'll give you $15 off here.


Like, oh fuck. I don't know. Is that worth it? I feel like the gas is going offset the discounts, but, and there's even a lot of the things now, it's like, are you interested in foster care? It's just like the, it used to just be like discounts on avocados and stuff, but now it's like, the mail has gotten really, really crazy, man. It's gotten pretty rogue. I feel like, you know? Yeah. For me it's all just like, Hey, do you wanna buy your neighbor's house? Yeah. Because it's all just like, people going like, here, here's a house in your neighborhood that you can buy. And I'm like, I already live in my neighborhood. I'm not trying to move three houses down already live in this neighborhood. Dude, quit fucking telling me about a house that's nearby. Yeah. You know? That's so true. It's like, if I'm living in a house, you would think you wouldn't come advertise to me to buy a house, house next, like next door.


Yeah. Or like, maybe go like, Hey, do you wanna live somewhere cooler than like, if you're, it's kind of a whatever neighborhood. Yeah. And you're like, you want to live in like a slightly better neighborhood. I'll think about it. Yeah. But it's like literally my neighborhood. You've done some fun things, man. You got to do some wrestling recently. Is that right? Oh, did you see that dude? Yeah. Yeah. Bring it up. Yeah. Dude, I did some fucking choke slam. A EW You did a great job. I know, I saw that right there. A EW, right? Just Jim Stone. Star Adam Devine hits up a EW Wow. What was, look at this. Is this a stiff person? I don't think so. Jack. Is that a stiff person? Jeans are hanging on. Yeah, those jeans were hanging on by a thread right there. Oh, butt cheeks. Cabo Woo. Flexing with all my might flexing with all my might.


You'd have been a good wrestler, man. Thank you for saying that. Dude. Or a mailman. Look at this dude. Now you guys all kinda look like Tony right there. I feel like you've all given a lot of Tony Caval energy right there. Yeah. Oh, I gotta get Tony in here soon. Yeah. Get him in here. He's a good, he's a good guy. He's one of a kind man. Yeah. He checks in on me all like, not all, but every couple of months he'll check in and just say, Hey, what a sweetheart. You know? He's just sweet man. Do you know him? I know him pretty decently. Yeah. Yeah. Good. I do know him. I've, I've really, yeah. He's an exceptional guy. He just, he has a way of always staying positive. It seems like he's one of those guys that, that it's, it's nice to, I collect those guys, like, as my friends.


Mm. I like to have some people that just hype you up, you know? 'cause Adam Ray is like that as well. Yeah. And I, Adam used to open up for me on the road all the time and it was nice when you're on the road to have so, and you know, you're kind of like, oh man, we've gotta travel again today, yada yada. To just have someone be like, how great is this? Right. How sick is this theater? Like Yes. Like, you need somebody to be, be the positive. You're overwhelmed. Just hype, hype hype you up. And you're like, yeah, it is sick. Look at, look at us. Go. Yeah. Get in here buddy. Yeah. I got guy like, Amir Kay comes with me. Oh yeah, dude. Amir Amir's a positive guy. Lee Kimbrel, he comes through the Kentucky Nightmare, I think is his nickname or something. Kentucky Wolf Cat or something.


But he comes through and they're both have good energy, just positive. They're like, let's go do some. And I do too. But it's like, yeah. I just get like, you just, I feel like both, we're pretty positive guys. Dude, you just gotta get ready for the show though. It's like, how, you know? Yeah. It's like I spend a lot of my time taking care of myself. Like you're saying, stretching. Stretching. I'll get into town. It's like, yeah. Stretching. Get an ice bath. Trying to work out. Get an yous with a you fucks with a cold plunge. All of it. Dude. Me too. I was in it last night. I, I like a cold plunge. It's so nice. What? You keep your cold plunge at me? I keep it right at about 54. Ooh. I'll do 10 minutes in there. 10 minutes. I, I keep it at 40 and I'll do three to five. Ooh. 40 is baby, baby. That's cold. That's ice, ice cold.


And I, I really can't stay. It's cold out cold. That's, isn't that song just like, about like, like rape or something? They said it was allegedly about date. Like, like tricking a girl in Aang. Oh, that's you. Yeah. There I am. That's at your house? Yeah, it's at my house. Yeah. Dude, look at, that's a nice one, huh? Yeah, renew. They're they're, they're great dude. They are. Yeah. Renew Coal Plunges. They're pretty fantastic. I got a Blue Cube one that I keep in my garage that, that they a friend of mine made, but they're both, yeah, they're, they're great in coal plunging. It's the kind of thing though that I wish, now that I have it, I do it less. I feel like I used to seek it out.


Oh really? Yeah. Now that it's there, I'm like, I could get in it Right now, or I'll get in it later. It'll be later. Yeah. You know what I should do? I should just crank the heat up on it because it's so cold. It's like, you get in, like, your joints are like, make it a hot bath in there. You think? No, just make it 52 or whatever, you know? Oh yeah. I like doing that for 10 minutes. That for me, sets me in a good range, you know? Isn't it weird that now we're like all about health and fitness, but it catches 10 years ago and we were just like little scum buckets. Oh God. Just out there. I know myself, I was just like, gargling with vodka, just like, huh. Oh dude. Just going for it. You just, every night.


Were you drinking a lot? I drink. Yeah. I would drink a lot. Wow. Where were you drinking at? Well, just like the Comedy Club or whatever, like back when I was, I mean, maybe not 10. Yeah, maybe 10 years ago. But like, that's when Workaholics was sort of peaking until probably, right. Yeah. You've been working for a long time. Yeah. Like anything. Yeah. But anything, like, back when I was in the comedy clubs all the time or like when you're on the road all the time, that's an easy place. Just 'cause you're in a new place. You're like, well, let's go to the bar after the show. Yeah. That's for sure. Yeah. Did you guys drink at a EW? Who'd you guys fight in a EW Did you fight? Because I saw Big Justice out there. Oh yeah. I, I was, I was looking at the Risler and I'm like, I might be able to take him. You know? I saw him the other night.


Yeah. He is nine years old. Risler is everywhere, dude. Oh, I think I offended these guys. Big justice. And because I, I said, I didn't even take a bite of the cookie and then I said, look at it at Big Justice Eyes because I upset. He's upset because I gave it three booms without tasting it. And I guess you're supposed to give it five booms. What? Who has time to do five booms later? They do. They have all the time to do the booms. Dude, and I didn't know, I I, this was at the Super Bowl. I might've been a few drinks deep. Yeah, for sure. Sure. That funny, you're touching the back of a child. I, I already, I'm touching a child. You look at, look at like, my, my, my face is hanging a little bit. Oh dude, this looks like literally a Christmas card from Epstein's Island right here, dude.


There's a fucking, there is a brave Italian, which some people would say like kind of the Magellan of Costco. S a Costco Magellan with a child with, okay. Yeah. With just his son. Yeah, with, okay. That is his son. I believe so. Okay. I believe so. Yeah. And then there's Adam Devon, who's had a couple drinks just lurking Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. Lurking dude. Oh, would you? If you were, I mean, real talk, if you didn't know Epstein was a creep and he invites you. He's just a cool billionaire that you met at a party and you're not getting any weird vibes. He asks you, he's like, Hey, I got this jet. You wanna come to my island? You got nothing going on that week.


You'd go to the island, right? Yeah. Like, yeah. I, me too. When people are like, the check the logs, I'm like, not everybody, because even creeps gotta take a day off. Like even you're not fucking the, the kids every day. Yeah. It's exhausting Harvard. Yeah. That's a probably a seasonal or like Yeah. It's a special event for them. Right. It's like just when your dudes are there to party, it's like, but otherwise you have to also have like regular people come regular because here's the thing, you have to keep up the ruse. Yep. That it's a regular place where people go to have fun. That's what I think. So that the guys who do go in perv or the females that do go in perv out there, they Yep. Because it could have been men and women that doing it. I'm not talking about the young people we don't know, but the adults, they need to be able to trick their spouses into believing that they go there for fun.


Like, you've been there the one time, you know it's a chill place. There's coconuts. Yeah. There's coconuts and trees. There's ukulele. There's like that guy doing the ukulele. There's the fire dancers that come out and perform a regular Yeah. There's like that aff there's like a lot of young kids whose parents aren't there do starting a band or whatever. Yeah. They're just starting a band. Yeah. Yeah. They're just, you know, this is getting Oh yeah. Sorry's a character. Yeah. There's like a guy just doing funny. Yeah. That your artist. Yeah. Yeah. He is just doing little artwork where you're like, makes your nose too big. Something that kind of offends you, but you're like, it's funny. Right? And everyone's like, it's really funny. And you're like, okay, alright. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. I, I know, I, I see that and I'm like, I don't know about, I don't think all of 'em are creeped. Like for sure. Some for for sure. Some are, but we haven't gotten it, dude.


There, there's no way we're ever getting the real Epstein files. It's been redacted. It's being manipulated Right now. So much. Well, it's because some of these politicians are probably on it. Yeah. They're on it and they're like, and whether they were the ones doing dastardly deeds or not, who knows? I don't know. But you, if your name is on it, like if, if your name was on it, you don't want it out. Even if you didn't do anything wrong. Yeah. Even though you were just there sipping on a smoothie. You just having a fun afternoon on a, on this cool private island. Yeah. I haven't been on a ton of private islands. Oh, do I? I would like to go. Yeah. I got invited to one, one time. I think it was LaVar Burton. Was it LaVar Burton?


Yeah. Maybe. He was a reading rainbow guy. He's got a private island. Does he do the Virgin Airlines or whatever? No, no. That's LaVar Arrington maybe. No, that is not his name. It's not LaVar. Even Aton, a little something. Richard, Richard Brans, Branson Richardson. Yes. Very much. Not LaVar, but Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, you went to, you went there. No, they were doing something. He has an island. There were, there was some thing there. And they, yeah, I somehow got invited. I I Oh, sick. It didn't seem like something that was for me. Maybe. I don't know. It seemed like, okay, so maybe you wouldn't go to Epstein Island. Maybe I would be the one to get tricked. But here's the thing. Say you're at Epstein Island and you notice things are weird. What do you, then you just stay on the tennis courts or whatever. Like what would you do all weekend? Yeah.


You're just like, you, you call yourself the pickleball king. Yeah. And you're just always just over there trying to not see some shit. Both sides. Yeah. Yeah. There's no one to hit to, 'cause everyone's like, I'm the, this back dark room seems a lot of fun. God. Yeah. And also like the Diddy White parties. I'm glad I was never, during that peak, like I was, I was talking with my boys. I was like, dude, if we threw out a different vibe, we could have come up there in the Workaholics days when it was, when it was just peaking and that we get the invite. Like, Hey, do you want to go to the Diddy party? I'm going all white, everything. Right. Well, if Shamar Moore would, would've been one of the, one of the Workaholics, or if you'd had like a, probably a or Yeah.


More of a black cast member. Urban cast member. Yeah. Than you might and say you there's, then there's a chance to get invited. Eric was more plugged in right to the scene. Eric Griffin was a little bit more Griffin than Eric. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Yes. Then I think then yeah, he could have been invited. And then if you get there, then what do you see? They just brought up Drusky in a thing. Did you see that? I did. But he's then came out, he was like, dude, I was said nothing to do with it. He was like, in 2018 I was living in my mom's basement. I'm like, yeah, that's probably true. But it's just crazy. Why? But why even let that leak? You have to start thinking if something gets leaked, why are they doing? Like, 'cause it's all some manipulative tactic, you know? Yeah. And so, I don't know. I mean, who knows? Obviously there's victims and, and people were doing dastardly things, but you never heard anything about that when you were No, I didn't.


I, you know, I, I just wasn't cool. Like I, I, I, I didn't get those invites. I for sure would've gone there and just like kicked it by the fucking cocktail or whatever. Yes. Yeah. I, you know, just, I'd have been like, just eating like, you know, they have like a seafood tower. Yeah. You know, this is a Diddy party, you know, there's like towers of seafood. So I'm just eating there, eating crab legs, licking up the butter. They're like, someone's trying to tag me in to the orgy just covered in oil. You're like, no, you do that thing. Put your legs. You're like, you're like, I can't because of all the scars. I can't. Dick, dick chopped off. Dick was lopped off in the accident. You do that thing where, you know how break dancers, they start to do the break dance, but then they don't get going.


Oh, you know. Yeah. That's, that's what you do. You're like, oh, shit. Oh, oh. Pull the hammy, pull the hammy right quick. I can't get in the orgy. Yeah. Dude, I, that's why I would've been, I've been like, in the vaping section on the side of the orgy. If they're like, oh, if somebody gets hurt, if a couple people get hurt, you're, when guys go in, you're deep on the bench. It's like when they put in the water guy from, like, to make that three point shot, or they put in the down syndrome guy and make the six pointer or whatever, they tell 'em it's a six pointer. That's what I would've been in. Yeah. Yeah. You're real deep on the bench when you come, but then you hit that, that money shot. You're the hero. Yeah. You're the hero of the whole party. People go crazy. Yeah. Did you, did you get to Body Slam Big Justice? Did you see the Riz?


Did you fight him too? I didn't fight the Risler. No. I, and yeah, I didn't, I didn't get to fight any of the children, which I was bummed. I was bummed. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause I'm like, someone needs to take these kids down and, and, and I'm about their size, dude. I'm not that, but no, I, I got, I only choke slammed in adult male, so that kind of sucked. But if you got the chance to remodel the fucking skeleton, dude, I love this phrase, remodel them or one of these, of one of these boom babies, dude. Yeah. Take 'em down. I would, yeah. Did they boom in front of you? Who's got the boom now? Right? Who's got the boom now, bitch? Did they steal the boom? Did they, did they boom in front of you or not?


There's a lot of booming. Wow. They're booming all over. Anywhere they go. They're booming. Dude. Have you not met the boom guys? I never, I I met the Riz the other night at dinner. I saw him. Oh, dude, that's, but dude, he was drinking Dr. Pepper. Yeah. Past 8 45. I'm like, he's a wild man. Yeah. The, I mean, the, these kids are off the rails. Yeah. But I like that, that the, it's a new generation of superstars. Oh, there, you're right. Craig's a new generation of superstar children. Like this used to be like Corey Hamme, you know? Right. Oh, yeah. He's the Macaulay Culkin of our time. That's, I said. Yeah, exactly. But it seems like they're not going off the rails. We'll find out here in 15 years if he's gonna have like a, a sad tale about his time. Well, how does it end?


Yeah. That's the thing. Yeah. You have to look 10 years in the future, because he's a superstar dude. He does, he does this maneuver. Yeah. People go wild Even. It's crazy, man. It's, it's his, ah, you know? Yeah, you're right. Look, someone already beat you. Beat you to it. They knew exactly the internet undefeated, man. You have a good idea. It's done. It's up there. It's already, they already did it. It's done. Yeah. Was there a movie that you wanted that like Well, yeah, the Riz are, I mean, I'll tell you this. He definitely seen, like his grades were failing. Somebody's like, his grades suck. That's what I heard. Oh, really? Yeah. Where word? At Craig's. Yeah. Yeah. People, the word at people were passing around those pot pies they have at Craig's, and they're like, Hey, before you take a bite of that, just know the Rizers great. Fucking suck sucked.


Dude. Dude. He had a little tattoo. It said, fuck social studies. Oh, damn. Like that. That's rough. Crazy. That's a wild tat to have at that age. So obviously he's been going through a lot. You know, he said, he, I said, I said, he said this, these lips haven't seen a school lunch in two years. That's what he said. So obviously he's living high on the hog. Dude, I don't even know. I I thought he was mute. Yeah. Because all I've ever seen him do is, yeah, yeah, yeah. You got the, it's the sh He does too many things though, kind of, I think, I think, I think it's just this. Right. And he is showing his jawline. I th that that's what's kind of cool about him, is he doesn't have much of a jawline. But I like, he's just like, I don't give a shit.


I got the Riz. Yeah. So come, come at me. It's like a, a good way to build up self-esteem, you know? Yeah. For, for children that are out there, some people are saying he's young. Gra he's the actual young gravy. You know, young Gravy was at the wrestling event too. Uhuh. Yeah. The, the young and young Gravy was at the Super Bowl where I was also hanging out with Big Justice. Oh. So that, yeah. I mean, the, they're running the same circles, dude. The running the, you guys have the same menstrual cycle or something? Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. But that's crazy. And, but here's, here's the craziest part to me, is that Big Justice isn't related to the Grizzler. So I thought they were brothers, dude. I thought they were brothers. These are just two social media kids getting together, doing, doing their, their social media things.


Dude, years from now, there will be like, like these, like baseball card signing things where it'll be like, grizzler, you and me will be there. That'd be sick. Water Baby, or whatever. Some baby that survives on like a, the, you know, I think I'm gonna do a thing with Tops to have a baseball card. Really? Yeah, you should. I bet they, they'll make a baseball card of you that, that's kind of sick. It's kind of cool. It would be kind of cool. Yeah. And then there's these kids, MD, foodie boys. Everybody's been watching 'em. I like those MD Foodie Boys. I like 'em because they're so sincere about, like, have you tried nachos with jalapenos? Yeah. It's actually pretty good. Yeah. And they're just, let's watch one. I'm just a, if I had the Chew, it'd probably be like pepperoni.


But I'm not a big, I'm not a big, I'm just a regular cheese guy. Yeah. I just do cheese. I don't, I don't do, I, I just do cheese. I don't really like pepperoni. I don't taste, I'll do pepperoni. But same thing, like Yeah, lots of people are big pepperoni fans. I think Meat, Dude, this is the podcast and people love it. And I also love it. They're just so sincere, man. How can you not have a f How can you, was there an age where you didn't like it, or you just didn't care? It, it's just you're riled. Riled up. You're riled up Right now. I, I am, dude. Now I've, I don't know if I've ever seen you this riled. Well, I don't understand. It's like, whoa. You're the foodie boys. But dude, what are you talking about? Whoa, dude. It's okay. No, it's fine. No, I like it. I like it. I like it. Shit. Just fucking irks me because do talk about some food.


Talk about some rigatoni or something. Talk about some, see, well, the, this is the genius. You start off, you're cheese, you start off, they're little kids, right? So they're starting off with like hot dogs. Like what condiments do you like? Right. Do do you like on your cheeseburger? What? Condiments Mostly condiment based now. Now they're moving on to pizza. What things do you like on your pizza? And then as they grow the, the dishes get more complex. Like a tiramisu or something. Yeah. We're gonna grow with them and, and their flavor pals. I think that's, I think that's what people love and relate to. Okay. 'cause it's because you're not going to them for an actual, like, this is the fla. They're not like chefs. They're children.


So it's just kind of funny to watch these kids sincerely talk about w whether they like pepperoni on their pizza or not. Got it. Yeah. Well, I just think, yeah, I just, I don't know. There's, yeah. I guess, am I hating on children now? What am I doing? You're right. Yeah. It's okay. I'm excited for 'em. It's okay. Least do soup or something, though. At least I wanna see them evolve a little, like acho or something. Yeah. Well, just a four minute conversation about if pepperoni on, but no information. It's a, it's, that's the thing. It's astounding to have four people and walk away from each conversation they do with zero information. Yeah. At all. Yeah.


About food. I understand what you're saying about food at all. Yeah. I understand what you're saying, but I, I think I wish him luck. Yeah. I think they're, I mean, the runaway successes, I mean, I'm sure people look at my career and are like, what is he doing? Like, this sucks. Right? Like, why doesn't he do X, Y, Z? I'm like, I'm just doing me baby. There they are Right now. But how does it end lov, that kid Mln No name. What's the one? McGriddle is the middle one, right? Chubb Perm. Okay. You have no name McGriddle. Chubb Perm. Yeah. So that's also, I think that's a, isn't that a trans wrestler? Yeah. It seems like it could be. He's got a, he's got an earring. He's, he's kind of the bad boy of the group.


Good point. Which is kind of sick. They're basically, they're the new kids on the, on the block. Yeah. Yeah. Did you ever have a, an ear piercing? Did you ever Yeah, I had two of 'em. Did you? Yeah, I did too. Fuck. Yeah, dude. That shit was so fun, dude. Yeah, dude. It was, we were kind of fucking sick. And it would close up and you would still force something in it on You need to feel cool, dude. I would, yeah. I, I try. I I wanted to get a gauge. I wanted to have like, I wanted to be that guy. I Your characters had that, haven't you? I wanted, I wanted to lip piercing. I wanted the whole thing. I wanted to be punk rock, dude. Yeah. I mean, I'm fucking, I got an article star tattoo. Oh, you de well, you have a lot of, you seem like you've been through a lot. Yeah. Like a child of a Vietnam, like a Vietnam veteran, somebody you, you know.


Yeah. I've, I've, I, I went through, I, I am happy to say I never went through like, you know how some kids were like, oh, I went through an emo phase. Yeah. Or I went through like a golf phase. I'm glad I didn't go down. Like a weird path where you're like, yeah, I'm, I wore a lot of fish nets in seventh grade or whatever. I'm glad I didn't do that. I had like small waves where Yeah. I would bleach the tips of my hair, right? Yeah. I, I got it a piercing, you know, in the left ear. You have, you have a nipples or No? No. I never did the nips. You do the n No, I never did that. No, you never did the nips. That was a little while for me. That guy who did that was starting to be, he was doing a lot of drugs and he was secretly probably touching men in his car or whatever. Yeah. Men who wanted it.


Yeah. I, I, I had a friend, not a friend, a guy I knew in high school. Not a friend. Redacted. Not a friend. Redacted. Okay. He pierces his dick in high school, dude in high school. And I know for a fact he wasn't getting laid, but he was saying like, how good it, it's gonna, like, it's gonna feel. Right. And he was saying like, it feels so good. And I'm like, I know you're not getting laid, dude. We're both 16, 17 years old. I know that. And also, what kind of piercer is seeing a 17, 16-year-old boy and is like, let me, I'll get, I'll be the one to get in there. Yeah. It was, the whole thing was bizarre.


Do you remember when the first guy hooked up with a girl and then Yeah. The next weekend you guys all went out or something? He like, suddenly had a condom in his wallet or something, dude. Or it was like, suddenly he was like, he would be like, if the girls come, let me talk to him. Or just like, dude, it was seventh and eighth grade. My one friend started having sex with our other friend. Unbelievable. And it was unreal. And it was years, dear God. Years before the rest of us were catching up. And so he, like, he was like, the immediately went from like this kind of our, he was Chubb perm of our group. And then, so, and then suddenly he's got this swagger to him, dude. And there's no catching up.


Yeah. There's no catching up. Yeah. There's nothing you can do to suddenly be in the cool group. And then like, he was able to talk to older guys now suddenly. But yeah, it was, I'm still, I'm still rollerblading, you know? Mm. Like, I'm not, I'm still like, Hey, watch me backwards. Rollerblade is this sick? And they're like, No, dude. We're now having sex with girls. And I'm like, oh, so you don't want me, You don't wanna watch me like, fucking swerve these cones real quick with these hips. He's like, I'm working on my hip movement Right now, dude. Yeah. Yeah. I I was a little, I was a little blader. A little blader boy. Were you? Yeah. That was a little bit of a phase. Oh my God, dude. What happened? You're to, dude, you're learning a lot about me, dude. What happened to you?


There's so much that occurred, dude. Well, I couldn't, rollerblading was easier in like, eighth grade was easier for me to do than a lot of other skate. I couldn't of your body. I couldn't skateboard. Like, my friends were skateboarding so I could rollerblade because it was just a smoother movement and easier on my joints. Yeah. So it was, I was already like, like an old man thinking about my joints in eighth grade. So it's just me like wiggling my hips. Skateboarding behind my friends. Yeah. Oh. Yep. It wasn't that offensive. You don't have to be that disgusted by it. We, you're right. And were you wearing so disgusting knee pads and stuff?


No. No. Dude, I'm still a, I'm still a badass bad boy. Yeah, dude. I'm still like, wearing fucking chunky corduroy pants and, and like a fucking a sick Metallica shirt with the lightning bolts, you know? I'm still fucking cool, dude. I still have like a bowl cut, but my hair was, was too, I like, still, I have my hair's too, like buoyant. Yeah. So it would, it just went like this dink. Oh yeah. It was just like a little, like the tip of a dick. It was like a little dickhead, just like a right here. And I could pull it, I could pull the hair. It was so buoyant. I could pull it and it would go down to here, dude. And then you release it and go twin.


Damn. You had a beautiful thing going on. Yeah. I was a, I I was looking good in the eighth grade, man. You've been through a lot, man. Yeah. You've been through a lot, dude. Do you, do you, it will your stiffness, is it getting better? Is it getting worse? Do you feel like over time it's getting, be it ebbs and flows? I have good days and bad days, but it is getting better. So I'm still hoping to Oh, to be in Marvel if they gave me a call. I got a lot of shit last time I came on here. I was like dunking on Marvel saying that they ruined comedy movies. Oh yeah. Because everybody wants to watch these big budget things. Dude. People were very mad. My agents were upset at me. Really? Since you said that, everyone in the world has agreed with that.


Exactly. Yeah. Including a lot of agencies. It's like, well, look, if we can't get him into Marvel, Marvel movie movie, what are we gonna do? You know? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we've had a lot of great, they were very mad at me. They were like, don't, don't fuck with Marvel. Like, I cannot believe you said that on that podcast. I'm like, I wasn't dunking on Marvel, dude. I was just saying, I wish there were more comedies, but they don't make comedies anymore. 'cause everyone wants to see a $200 million epic, you know? Well if they, if they need like mailman or something, then they'll, Marvel will come. Thank God if there's a mailman superhero, I think I'm the guy. Dude. What superhero would you be making, making your dad proud? Yeah. Yeah. I, I would be someone that like an unexpected superhero where they're like, this guy, this is not a superhero.


Right. This, this norm core little bitch boy smoothie man, or no? Yeah. Soy boy. Yeah. Soy boy. There he is. Yeah. Little soy. Boy. There's so many heroes now though. It's like, are these all heroes? I feel we're getting a little exhausted on the heroes. A hundred percent. Yeah. Well, even a lot of people would say, oh, who was it? Just came out and said that they're not, it's hard to even have independent projects these days. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm trying to get that director. I'm trying to get a few independent movies off the ground Right now. Are you? Yeah. And it's, it's tough, dude. I didn't, I, this, I've never done an independent movie. I've always done with a studio or with Netflix or with someone like that. Someone with them. Deep pockets.


How much budget do you need to make an independent movie though? I'm like, I'm looking for like seven to $10 million. Oh, that's a lot of money. Yeah. This is Mark du pla right here. He's made a lot of great stuff. He's made a lot of independent movies and For a big announcement Oh, for those of you who know our company, you know, we love risking our, our money and making things independently that the traditional system would never make. And we've done it for Yeah, you do for years with movies like The Puffy Chair and the one I love and Safety Not Guaranteed. And, and documentary series, like w Wall Country and, and Evil Genius. And we're doing it in television now, you know, with, with shows like Room 1 0 4 and the Creep Tapes and Penelope. But the problem is, these Distributors are, we get, I know we like you're, I, I value these things the way they used to. And honestly, we're sick of it.


And we know that you value these things. So we are going to be bringing you our newest independently made TV series, a long, long night directly to you, the audience members. It's interesting. Click The link below. Or in Our bio, you guys did your movie independently, right? Yeah. And you guys put your own money up? Yeah. Boy. Okay. Well thanks dude. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, what's the name of it? Do you have a name? It's called Bus Boys. Yeah, bus Boys. Sick. So it's just, spade and I both worked as busboy in Arizona. Oh, I thought you're both hit by buses. I was like, this would've been kismet. Oh man. It would've been crazy for all here. Right here. Yeah. Get spade in here, spayed in here. He just pops out behind the curtain. He's like, I'm crippled.


And we have a dolly that moves you around. M just pushing everywhere. So what's next? Your family's growing. Do you take a little time off of work? When did you guys finish gemstones? We finished a few months ago, like three months, four months ago. And I've been just dad mode Right now. And I, I have a movie in development at Netflix. I, I'm selling this show with Workaholics guys. I got another show that I'm taking out. Wow. So it's a lot of like, production, like pre-production stuff and you know how it goes. It's like we're gonna make the movie. And I have like a couple movies that are in development and we're like, we're making the movie. And then it takes years, dude.


Yeah. Years. And you think it's happening and it takes so long. But for me, I love it. I love doing it. But yeah, I, I still have that itch of like, wanting to just get out there and get something done Right now. And that's why I do the podcast. But with the Workaholics guys, This is Important. But I also miss doing standup, dude. Mm. I I was gonna say, when you consider going out and torn again, it's such a, that's such a grind though. Once you have family Yeah. And you're acting and stuff like that, I feel like that's a tough grind. Well, 'cause it used to be like a fun escape from the grind of, of producing and starring in TV and movies because then you're, you're like, well now I'm gonna go on the road with my boys and it's like a party and we're gonna go for a few months and I'm gonna do a ton of shows and it'll be great.


It's like a little escape from my regular life of acting. And, and now like with the family, I'm like, I just feel like a dastardly dog. Yeah. Well, wife had a wife, a kid first of all, which she, I don know if she should have done or not, but choice. I think she should have. Yeah, I think she should have. Yeah. But yeah, once she did that, it kind of puts you in the hot seat. Yeah. Yeah. And also like, being around, supposed around around the joke. But I was like blaming, having a kid on just her. Yeah. It's what do you do? Fault Having this fucking kid, huh? Yeah. How dare she Actually, she slipped that one by me. I just thought she was gaining weight. I'm like, look at my plump little Betty. She's looking all sexy.


Little round mound. Look at, look at a girl smuggling a little basketball in there. And then out came a kid. Dude, it was wild. You just keep tickling her. Yeah. Being like, Hey, hey. She's like, don't tickle me, something's gonna pop out. She's like, oh man. She's having spasms in her belly like I do. Looking like a little hand print coming out just like me. Yeah. Dude. It was wild when she had it. The, our our son bo turned around when she, they pulled him out. He looked right back at me, dude. It was like, it was like, it stopped my heart. It was like they, everyone says it's like a transformative thing to see your son or daughter be born. But it stopped me dead in my tra he looked right at me like, bitch, what just happened?


Like, I've been all cooking up warm inside. Right. And now I'm out here all cold. He turned around and was just like, like I'm the captain now. Yeah. It's like, I I, I steered this ship. I rise. Wow. Yeah. It was, it was pretty wild. Dude. The origin story of humans is pretty crazy that you climb out of some woman's belly Dude. It's like Greek mythology type shit. Yeah. It's still a vagina though. Well, yeah. Some of 'em come out the belly dude. Actually no, you were right. You were right. 'cause it came from my wife had a C-section. So you were right. The perverts go out the that's I did you. Yeah. I'm a little freak like that dog. I'm a little freak like that. Sket skin. Skeet ski. Yeah. Dude. The fuck. Yeah. It's a potty wall. Do do not.


That's what I did. That's what I did. I come, you're supposed to read the I I Ready to go. It says go on the wall in there. Do not lick on the way out. I know. I read it in like, watch me bitch. I'm gobbling, I'm gobbling up the world. Watch me whip. Yeah. Watch me. Na nay. Watch me. Nene. Oh, I, I almost said at the same time, Adam Devine, man, the Yvonne, thanks so much dude, for hanging out. So fun. I'm glad to see you be, you're physically doing okay. Your family's growing. Thanks. We gotta keep making fun. You have to keep making fun stuff. This was one thing that I thought was really exceptional that Danny McBride said. He goes, you know, I don't know if Hollywood knew that they wanted eastbound. 'cause people are always like, why don't make they make shit like eastbound and Dad anymore? Yeah. You always hear that kind of stuff, right?


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And he is like, nobody was asking us for something like he's panning down. Nobody was asking us for something like vice principal. It was like we just made it and then said, we know this is funny. And then they jump on it because you can't expect them to think of the next thing. They're, that's not what they do any, he didn't say that's not what they do anymore. But that's what I start to realize. They don't have that creative thing anymore. That's our job. That's our job. Our job is to give them what we think is the funniest thing. And that's what we did with Workaholics and what we're gonna try to do with this new show, if we actually get make it is like you make what you think is the funniest and what you and your friends would laugh at and what you want to see, what you want to actually watch.


Yeah. And then hopefully other people get on board. And I, you know, I feel, and I think you have a, a finger on the pulse too is we know what we like and it seems like a lot of other people like what we like as well. So that, you know, I think you just have to make shit that you think is fun and funny. And what n not even what other people wanna see because they don't even know they wanna see it until you make it. Right. So that's the, that's the thing. And that's a lot of things. It's like if you wait forever to get somebody to sign off on your thing, then it might, it might happen. You just have to go and, and try and figure, figure it out, I think. And investing in yourself. That's what I realized.


Like if I lose investing in myself, I don't really fucking lose. It's like, and at least you did it and you had that experience and you know, the nuts and bolts of creating something now. So if you decide to do it again, you can go, this is what I would change. That's, this is what I would do differently. Yeah. And also the like, like with people making something that they think other people would want to see. That's where you lose. Hmm. When you start to go, I, I know that they wanna see this type of show. Like, this is what's selling or this is what Oh yeah. You know, I think that's when you get in a little trouble. Like make what you wanna make and then hopefully that'll catch on because as soon as you go start to like go down the path, then it's derivative.


And people are like, didn't we already see this show? Right. We've already done this. Then you're just kind of follow out. Then you're just a follower. Yeah. You know, but yeah, it's tough. It's tough. It's tough to figure it out. And obviously you and I are, we're speaking from a place where, you know, we can afford to try and make a project. For sure. So it's like for sure, you know, not trying to sound like knowing that there's not a barrier to entry to that for regular pulse, but it's, it's, it's lower so much. It's not huge. I agree. Yeah. I agree. It's so different now that you can get a camera, you can get a phone, you can figure something out yourself. How to make things, you know. Well it, it was like when we did Workaholic, not to just keep harping on this shit, but there's, this is my experience is when we did Workaholics, it was the barrier of entry had just lowered.


It used to be like, to make something like that, it was a hundred thousand dollars to make or you know, to even make a short film or $50,000 or whatever. And e everyone had to put it on credit cards and like to try to make something that maybe would work and you had to slurp off some producer somewhere. You would have to, you're constantly gobbling. Yeah. You're constantly gobbling and someone wants you to use silverware when you blow 'em or whatever. I'm like, how rich is this guy? Or whatever. Oh my God. Fucking pour some gray poupon on that bitch and do, do some gobbles. But now, you know, it's just, it, it was just like a camera and some lights and we were able to shoot something that Comedy Central was like, what you doing over there? Right.


You know? Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. I don't know. I'm trying to sound inspirational to people. Yeah, me too. I feel like it's a lot of word salad for me sometimes, but yeah. I'm just trying to be a fucking inspiration. I think you are dude survivor Yeah. Of cement truck. Yeah. You know, the guys fought in the a EW, the four season of Righteous Gemstones going on Right now. New projects in the works, the podcast you can lock in, listen to Adam, have ideas, think about things, share everyday stuff, fun. His life with some of the stars and yep. This is Important. Anders, Blake, Kyle new a check.


Yeah, he's been off the pod. He's been directing Heavy Gilmore too, so that, that bitch is busy. He should too busy for the pod. Mm. Must be nice Kyle. Must be nice. Okay. Adam Ryan, thanks so much for hanging out dude. Best of luck man. Thanks. You good to see you bud. You too fun, man. Yeah. Now I, I, I, I, I, I.