
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in president elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Ah, just clearing the winter outta my throat, baby. Be gone. Be gone. Snow be gone. Ice or hail? Dude, what is hail? It's basically, it's like Italian snow or whatever. I mean, that shit just que up. It's like Memphis snow. It's like, what do we what? It's definitely, I gotta look that up. What is hail? 'cause sometimes it's like you're relaxed and it's raining, and then the rain's like, oh yeah, guess what? Mother fucker. And it just fucking shows up and it just starts like pinging off your car, bouncing off your wife's shoulders and shit.


It's bouncing off your stepson or whatever and it makes you care about him. Hail is just, yeah, we gotta look into that and see what they're doing. We're probably charging us for it, you know, we're probably getting charged for that. I'm sure. Welcome to the episode. Happy springtime everybody. Good to be here with you today. What's happening? Oh, I'll tell you, dude. So, oh, I went to a little chili cook off around me and you know, I like, man, I'm lying. Chili is always, it's, it's suspect. Chili is a suspect soup.


Really? That's what it is. It's just a bunch of, it's like the hail of soups. It's like, all right, all soup. I see what you doing. We ride here. It's just that kind of soup, you know? It's thickened up baby. It's a soup. It's like soup. Got a BBL baby. That's chilly. And so I went to a little, I stopped by a little, they had a small chili tent, Cookoff area, and they had four vendors or something in there, just ladling booty gas edibles into small bowls for people.


And so I get up there and I got me some chili and they had one place they were saying, we got all the fixings toppings and this and that, you know, you could put anything on that bitch. You could put cheese, onions, a little bit of GHB. And they, they, one place was offering, but I, I just said, Hey, do you have pickles? And the guy just, I mean, this guy looked at me. I mean, this dude, he was stirring this big pot of chili. He was just a damn, just a damn chili witch, you know? And he was just stirring a big cauldron of fucking booty goop, you know, just, and I said, yeah, do you have any pickles for it?


And he's like, you, you won't pickles on your chili. And I was like, yeah, yeah. That's what I, because I, that's what I like, I I, I just, I like, I like putting just pickles on there. And he's like, you want pick, you want pickles on there feeling fucking dude? And it was like, he couldn't under, I was like, yes, yes sir. And he's like, you want peck you, you, you want pe. He couldn't handle it, man. The dude couldn't handle it. So I guess the moral of that story, I don't, you want pe I don't know what the moral of that story is, dude, who gives a dang, the moral of the story is sometimes you want things that people can't give you.


I think maybe that's the moral of the story. I got this shirt on. This is a beautiful, beautiful shirt. This was given to me by the Bronx Fire Department, baby engine 43 son Quatro dose baby qd in the ha I'll tell you what happened. So I was walking down the street, I had broken my toe, right? And so when you break your toe, you suddenly, everything, you see everything a lot clearer because you can't go fast. You go very slow. You ever see that guy that's crossing the crosswalk like backwards in a wheelchair by himself? And you're like, Jesus dude, you know, you, you pray for him, but you're also a little bit pissed, you know, you're like, dear God, help this motherfucker.


Hurry up. Well dude, when you break your toe, you go slower than that dude. He is the hare. You are the tortoise. You go slower than that dude. So I'm in New York City, I'm walking around and, you know, and I just broken my toe probably 48 hours before. And so that bitch was big and dark and you could feel it had a little bit of heartbeat of its own, you know, like it had a damn base track running through it. And I'm, I'm wearing some hey dudes that I have that 'cause just easy to get in and out of them, the shoes. And anyway, I'm, you're just slowly going everywhere.


You know, you start meeting people and people are saying stuff at you and yelling, you know, Hey, damn, you know, I love their podcast. Get out the street. Faggot. Just different. Just New York. Just New York hellos, you know, and, and I'm walking past this one spot and this guy comes up and he is like, Hey, You wanna, and he'd been drinking and he was either he was Italian or he was like, fast polish, you know, or Polish or, or he was, he was either Polish or slow Italian. One of the, you know what I'm saying? He was in that cross. And he's like, come On, hey.


He's like, my cousin Jeremy just got Promoted to whatever, the top of the fire department, like lead arsonist or whatever. So he brings me, there's just a door. He, oh, we go inside and it's a huge, it's like, everybody's like, Hey, You want some fire? It's like a fire department party. And I think this guy Jeremy or something had just won like hose of the month or whatever. Like I think whoever's got the most PSI coming out of him, they give him, you know, a la you know, you know, he'd done something, you know, it was an achievement for him. So all of his buddies are there and everybody, they're toasting and cheering and fucking like, Hey, good.


Look at this motherfucker. You know? And they're like, Hey, If you ever have a fire, Here's my number. Like, dude, I'm not, if there's a fire, I'm not looking through my phone. If there's a fire, you know, and I'm gonna call Antonio up, you know, in the South Bronx, I'm calling the fire department. So they're just like, and then they gave me this shirt that we took some photos and they're like, cheers. And then off for me, they're like, Hey, you want some matches, mother? You know, keep us in business. Keep us in business. They gave me like a eight pack of matches. That was like the cool looking, the old school, like regular looking matchbooks.


They gave me this shirt. They're like, Hey, It's flammable. But yeah, it was just like a great experience. So shout out to them. Shout out to all the fire departments out there. Congratulations to the guy that got the promotion. I dated a girl in junior high school. Her dad, great guy, threatened to kill me once, but outside of that awesome, you know, he was a, a fire chief and we used to go over there and watch 'em eat hot dogs and shit. And this was before a lot of firemen are getting in shape and stuff. Now this is back when they were just over there just snorting Oscar Meyers and shit.


And just squirting ketchup on each other's backs, you know, and, and just ga basically just gambling a lot of 'em. But anyway, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, what I'm rambling about. But that was the first time at there at her dad's fire department that ever had chili in my life that I ever had it. Somebody served it. I didn't know what it was. I had a little bit of it and then that, and then, and then I'd had it, you know, that's how that all works, you know? But you won't pe you won't pe What else has been going on?


Thank you to the people that have come out to the shows recently we did, we'd done some dates, we went up to the Pacific Northwest. That was really amazing up there. So the build, just the way the buildings are, the people, everybody, a lot of people, they look clean up there. 'cause it rains so much, you just get cleaned even if you're just not, even if you're dirty. Yeah, we did a huge show in Seattle that was amazing. I think it maybe was too many people. I know that sounds like a, I'm grateful everybody came, but I just never been in a venue. And it was a, it was a big venue, right? And I, I just felt a little bad. Like maybe the people, like some of the seats, they, it was hard to hear.


I don't know. I think some of that's just a fear of mine, but I don't think that we will do that again. But it's just a learning curve. And yeah, we had a nice time there though. I got to see my ex-girlfriend. I, we got to go to the fish market. Dude, you go to the fish market, I'd ne I'd never been to the Seattle Fish Fair or whatever. It's like a little circus or whatever that they have every day. And people come, there's dead fish and you can look at 'em, right? And you can eat 'em, you know, it's, it's pretty, it's pretty neanderthal in a way.


But, so anyway, we go and Amir Kay, that's a guy that's touring with me, a great comedian. He like points at the guys running the fish fair. And so next thing you know, they do a thing where you, somebody throws a fish and somebody catches a fish. And so they let me catch the fish and I fucking, you know, one toss, one kill homie. I gripped that bitch. And yeah, it was awesome. I didn't know you're not supposed to spike it after you catch it. So that, that was, I think, frowned upon or whatever. But I didn't know that. And, and I'd been watching too many of those Gronk commercials or whatever. Anyway, I'm rambling.


What else is going on? Let's get into the episode. How about that? We got a bunch of calls that came in from you guys, and I'm gonna focus on those today. I got one story. I went to the Grand Ole Opry hundredth anniversary. I'm gonna talk about that. And we are gonna speak to a miracle today. A gentleman named Matt up there in Canada, Calgary. He's up there and he, he has, he's a miracle and we're gonna get to have a moment with him. Let's go. Thank you for joining us.


Whenever you down out in the cold faithless die, your story told, come and walk in with I don we can be free. There is a Light shining for you, guiding shadow. You see Where we can be free from the mountaintops down to the deep shadows.


You like pickles on your Chili, you like pickles on Your killer, you like pickles on your chili. Yeah, my mother came in town for my birthday, actually it was last week. And we thank you if you're wishing me a happy birthday in your head. And if you're not and you're just like, dude, keep talking, that's fine. She came in and they had the hundredth anniversary at the Grand Ole Opry and my mom likes country music and she likes older country music. And Blake Shelton was hosting the event and Jelly Roll was gonna perform. And my mom likes the likes both of them.


And so I was like, oh, well that would be fun for my birthday. I'll have mom, I'll see if mom wants to come in and then we'll go. And so she came in and we went and what was it like? We got dressed up, kind of, I didn't do a good job of it. I, what I wanted to wear didn't really fit once I put it on. And so it was just, you know, I just had to change it and wore a jacket actually that somebody had thrown on stage in Montana to a comedy show. I wore that. But yeah, we went over there and it was nice. Who, who performed? Oh, Alison Krauss performed. And I mean, she has the voice of the evening that I heard a lot of great voices in there, but my God, that was just exceptional.


Clint Black, we got to listen to, who's that other guy? Don Rock. Did you? Alan Jackson? Just, it was awesome, man. We got to sit there and listen to some music together and, and you know, there was kind of a point in like, there was one point we were sitting there and this is kind of, I guess a childish thought or whatever, but I was like, you know, I wish, I kind of wish my mom would gimme a little hug or hold my hand or something. I, I know that sounds crazy to say, I don't mean like hold my hand, but just kind of squeeze my, just something, you know, like we don't see each other that much.


And I don't know this, this sounds crazy to say this kind of, I guess, but I've said a lot of weird shit over the years. I just, I I, I was thinking, man, it'd be nice if she gave me some sentimental, but physical si like sign of affection. That's what I was thinking, right? And so I'm sitting there next to her and, and then I just reached over and grabbed my mom's hand. That's what I did. And, and then we were just kind of held hands for maybe 30 seconds or something, you know, just put my hand on top of hers, let her know that I care.


And it was just something like, for me, like a moment like that is interesting because a lot of my life I would just sit there and be like, man, I wish there was this moment of affection, but I wish somebody else would do it right? Or I, I'm upset that they're not doing it, you know? And then I just did it. I just reached over and yeah, my mom's an older lady, you know, and at some point I gotta be, no, that's not it. I don't have to. But I don't know, it was just like, well if I want this, I can also get it for myself, you know?


And it really had the same effect once I got over the fact of like, oh, I wish they would show the affection first, or I wish they would do the action to be the person providing the affection, which is probably what I thought of a lot when I was a child. But then this time I just reached and I just put my hand on my mom's hand, you know? 'cause she's getting older. She's not the child now, but she's, you know, just where we're at in our lives, things are kind of even, and it still had the same outcome for me. It made me feel okay the second I got over that little moment of kind of jealousy or wishing, or not jealousy, but like wishing somebody else had started the action.


The second I got over that, I just had a nice moment where my, I got to sit there and just be with my mother and watch country music, which is something that we both enjoyed doing and, and something that's important to me in my life, you know, to have moments with my mother where we're doing something that we like to do and we're doing it together, you know? So I don't know if that sounds weird or whatever. I don I, I honestly, man, I don't care if it sounds weird, you know, I really don't. Part of me does still, but, but I think the part of me that, that needs those type of moments is like, Hey man, finally you're meeting, you're trying to meet just the universe.


How you're taking some direction to do something for how you feel. You know, instead of just, 'cause I always in my life have been caught in this moment like, God, I wish they would do this. I wish this, I wish this. And so, I don't know, that was just kind of an interesting moment for me. And then I put my arm around my mom's shoulder and just like, yeah, like she was, you know, like she was, you know, my mom and we were just having a nice time. And, and once I did that, I was getting the react. I was getting what I wanted outta the moment, you know?


And I wouldn't have done it if I hadn't have made an effort. I'm not trying to say, Hey, look at me. I'm just trying to say like, for so long, I've always been the person and I still am a lot of times, but this time I wasn't where I'm like, man, I wish somebody would do this so that I would be able to have a certain type of moment Right now or so that to show me that they care. And, and I didn't really realize that if I do it myself, some I can still get some of that same result. So I don't know if that makes a lot of sense or not, but, and yeah, just, I don't know. Yeah, sometimes you, you know, you may only want, you know, you may, sometimes you gotta put your own pickles in the chili, you know?


That's what I'm saying. I think, I don't know if that sounds crazy, but sometimes if you want pickles in the chili, and that's the only way you're gonna have the chili, sometimes you gotta, you gotta bring the pickles, man, because sometimes the world just surfs chili. So I don't know. But yeah, I wanna speak that out loud too because, you know, it's just important to me that I start to live in a place in my life where, where I just don't let that uncomfortable moment of like, man, I wish they would do this. So this could be the outcome where I don't let that prevent me from, even if I'm upset at them or whatever, that I don't let that prevent me from maybe trying to take the action myself.


I don't know. I know, I know that doesn't apply to everything. But anyway, enough about me, man. Enough about me. We got a lot of great calls that have come in today, and I wanna get to some of those. And again, I, I do wanna apologize that we haven't gotten to do these type of episodes a lot. I think about this all the time, you know, and I think that it's important. And sometimes it's just been tough and I'm not complaining. I'm just saying that it's been tough. And then, you know, you also have the opportunity to talk to guests and you're like, you're like, man, I, I'd love to talk with this person. And so you just try to balance it. So just bear with me. I just wanna let you know that this community is important to me and I'm trying to fine tune some things in my life a little bit better so things are more organized.


So I'm able to spend my energy where I would like to be able to spend it anyway. I know I don't need to say that, but I just want you to know that. All right, we have some calls that came in and thank you guys for continuing to hit the Hotline as always. The number is 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3. And we got a call right here. Here we go. Hey, the, my name is actually Theo as well. Oh, hello Theo. Good to meet the others onward. I got a situation here. I, I've been talking to this girl for like two years and it turns out I got her pregnant after that all happened.


The word got around and somehow it turns out that she's my first cousin. Any advice would help. And thank you so much. Wow. Dang brother. That's, ooh, that's, you gonna be raising a dang lizard homie. You ca wow, brother. Good golly. That's like shooting fish in a family or whatever. I don't know. I mean, I haven't looked at a chart recently, I don't know the the genetic legalities of that, but it do. Yeah. I mean, they say, you know, don't pee where or don't eat where you, or don't piss where your family is or whatever, whatever, whatever that old saying is, dude, you, I feel like you've gone past that at this point.


And God, that thing's gonna have, whew. You're gonna need, yeah, you're gonna need a farrier to come and put shoes on that thing. I'm just chirping you. I'm just chirping you, dude. I look, I feel you. I look it's having a child with a cousin, I think at the very least it's gonna need glasses. That thing is gonna need bifocals, brother. You know, I mean, you're just playing Russian roulette with your DNA right there. But, but at the same time, man, I don't wanna scare you, you know, and I do believe I'm kind of chirping you there still, but I believe that everything's gonna be fine.


You know, I believe that everything is gonna be fine. I think monitor the child's gestation closely, make sure it's tracking, you know, make sure that it has everything it needs because it, it is, bring it up. Can you, who can, can you have a child with your cousin or not? Let's, oh, that's just a poll that says 40% say yes that, but do you have any information on that? Oh, I should look it up. Who the hell am I even talking to? Dear God outta my mind today. Can you have child with one cousin?


Ooh, yes. It is physically possible for first cousins to have children, but it is important to understand that such relationships carry a slightly elevated risk of genetic disorders compared to unrelated parents, brother. So I'm just saying not everybody, you know, you know, some people like things different, you know, some people like pickles on their, you feel me? So it's, yeah, I think you gotta make sure that when that baby right out the gate, put that baby on a damn, you know, let some other people look at it and sign off on that bastard right out the gate homie. And definitely I would make sure, you know, make sure it doesn't stand straight up when the moon is full and shit like that when it's real young.


Just, I'd keep tabs on it. I'd hit a couple high notes near it on the instrument and see if it fucking, see if its eyes turn red or anything. But you're just gonna have to keep tabs on it because it's risky. And look, a lot of people have good looking cousins, let's say that, but not a lot of them are as brave as you brother. So yeah, I would just stay conscious of that and recognize you have an at-risk child hire, hire a night nurse or a lifeguard or whatever you gotta get. Sometimes lifeguards will, they'll work overnight, they're cheaper, they're, you know, they know CPR, they don't know a lot of the shit that the nannies know, but they're still there.


Got a whistle. So yeah, I think just, yeah, just stay safe brother. And I would back off that type of behavior, you know, if you win this round of DNA roulette brother, just, I'd leave the rest of the bullets in the chamber baby when it comes to family. Let's take another call here and thank you to the last fellow Theo, actually, dear God, I didn't even realize that man. And look, hey bud, I can't tell you to be honest with you, if I'd had a really good looking cousin, TBD homie, so the Lord don't give you what you can't handle, you know, but I'm just saying, yeah, just get out, you know, just meet somebody else.


Meet somebody, you know. 'cause if you're not, if you're dating your cousin, you're not even getting out there. You're not even getting out there. But maybe you're getting married to your cousin. I don't look brother, I don't know. I would ask probably a state official or somebody I would ask a pastor about this one. But yeah, let's get back to this call that came in. Hey Theo, I'm in welding school Right now. Oh, you're in welding school. That's a good school. And I had a family member who started a welding school. It's a good business onward. And I hate that shit. Like I genuinely hate that shit. And so I've always said my backup option's, the military and I, I'm at the point where I'm about to head down to the recruiter's office in the, in the coming weeks possibly.


But I just, I just wanted to know what you think I should do because I hate Welton, but I don't know if I wanna sign away four years of my life, you know what I mean? And it's like, I'm 18 so I'm young and I could get out after four years and still not even be 23. But I don't know, it's just like a, I don't know what to do. Should I stick with welding school and hate my life for the next few months or the next year and a half or should I, I quit that and go into the military and then get a bunch of free shit and a bunch of discounts for the rest of my life.


Amen brother. Thank you for asking and just for reaching out. Yeah, it's a good, you know, this is a great question because you're like, do I do a trade or do I go into the military? And especially you mentioned one thing, yeah, go into the military and you get discounts. Like I wouldn't go into the military just because you're going to get 15% off at Long John Silvers or whatever. That's not a reason to go into the military for four years just so you can get, you know, free left shoes at DS w shoes or whatever, you know, or 11% off of cheesy biscuits over there at Red Lobsters.


You know, I, you know, that's not, I would take that out the equation and I would just look at, do you like welding? You're saying you don't like it, but do you not like the school part of it? If you don't like the, I would find out what don't I like? 'cause that's, sometimes we say that, it's like, I hate this, but what, but what really do I hate about it? Do you hate that you're, you're in school for it Right now. Do you hate that you're having to learn it? Do you hate that you have to get up at certain hours to go learn it? 'cause you may love welding, you may just, you may not be in like being at class at 8:00 AM you know, and I'm not saying those things. I'm just asking you to, or suggesting that you think, you know, try to figure out, well what don't I like about it?


Because sometimes I'll just be like, man, I hate that shit. But I never really look at, well, why do I hate it? What don't? And then I might have realized I don't really hate that, I hate this other thing that comes with that. But I do believe that if you get into a trade that you do not like that you won't enjoy it. And I do believe that there's things out there that we can all do that we would enjoy doing. I believe that there's so many things. So yeah, I would take a look at that man. I would take a look and just decide if you do not like welding and military's your backup. I think the military's a great idea. You know, I mean I, I, you know, I don't think it's a bad idea, especially at your age.


I wished I'd have gone in the military. I spent a lot of time just sitting around just trying to lick my dick or whatever, you know, or, you know, buying binoculars and shit and just fucking not doing shit or whatever, being a fucking shitty neighbor or whatever, pervert. But what you, you know, you, if you go in the military now, yeah, you're out in four years and you probably have a lot of skills. You know, you may, it'll probably help you get up early, stay in shape, all these things that are gonna really help shape the rest of your life Right now. Some people may have went to the military and say, Theo, you know what the fuck you're talking about? Fucking honky you little fucking queer, you little gun pussy or whatever. That's fine. They can say those things and I don't, I haven't been, but for you, you're saying that that's what you've thought of as your backup option.


You know? Now you might, you know, I don't know how long the military will be there, you know, depending on what they could keep having our military carry out and the different actions that they have them do. But I think it's a honorable thing. I have a ton of respect for our military and, and I don't think you would go wrong with that choice. So that's kind of where I'm at with it, you know? And if you went in there, you know, you'd probably make a lot of great friends and you'd learn things about yourself that you'd like and don't, and then you'd be be done. And you're right, you'd only be 22 and a half years old, 23 years old. You got, you have so much time.


There's so much time, man. I wasted a lot of time and one of the things I wish I'd done in the mil as the military, just 'cause I think you don't also get those moments of comradery where you get to be around a bunch of other guys. You know? So those are just my thoughts. Recognize I'd never been in the military, but I do think you have time to do that and do countless other things. And if you don't like welding, you know You don't like it, then maybe it is time for a backup trade to try or a backup option. What else is going on Theo?


I'm a girl and I like girls. I had a girlfriend for a while and recently I found out that, Okay, so you're a girl, you like girls and, okay, carry on. And recently I found out that my mom's gay too. So now I don't know if I'm gay anymore. Oh, big facts sister. Okay. Oh, once our parents start doing something, we don't wanna do it anymore. So I think that all checks out. I think you're good. I think just trust your instincts.


Little mom here, we got a call. Let's hear this one. You know, sometimes you land on hard times man, and you just trying to get, you know, food to eat and a place to sleep or whatever. And I'm like, you know, I got a five gallon bucket of pickles and I'm, I'm going, I'm stealing a bananas from the seven 11, man. I'm going in there and I'm pocketing these fucking bananas from the seven 11. Yeah, These are free. I, how long can I last is what, what I'm thinking. I was just like, could I last two months on a five gallon bucket of pickles and stealing bananas from seven 11?


'cause I'm eating bananas and pickles and that's all I'm fucking eating. That's all I got to eat, man. That's all I got to live upon. Live upon man. Yeah. Motherfucker BLM Dude, look. Yeah, if life gives you pickles and bananas, bitch, mix them bitches. Okay? Fuck yeah dude. I mean, there's only so you can be trapped somewhere with pickles and bananas and not put them bitches together, dude. Mix some nickels homie. You feel me? So look, some pick bananas homie. I think that that all checks out brother. So I don't think there's any shame in it.


You can always, once you get your feet back under you, go back to that seven 11 and give them money for those ba nas. Let's hear a little more. You know, the world is the cruel place. The world is a cruel fucking place man. And I realize that man, when you eating pickles and bananas just to survive, You like pickles on your bananas, boy, you like pickles on your bananas. You like pickles on your bananas. Well it blows my fucking mind that we can give so much foreign aid to places when we have people who are eating fucking pickles of bananas. Actually pickles and bananas are pretty good. So that's not what I mean. But yeah, you would think we'd be able to help our own people that are starving first over here.


That's just kind of how I feel. I'm kind of an American, I'm a North America first kind of guy I guess. 'cause that's us and our neighbors, but what the fuck do I know? But yeah man, honestly, you sound pretty healthy. You sound like you're doing pretty good. You're hit a couple of high notes, dude, I think you're fine. I join a church choir, have somebody make some TikToks. See if you can start selling tickets on the road, brother, you're gonna be fine. But yeah, sometimes we all get in tough moments. Trying to think of something where I was kind of down to my last dime. Oh, I do remember I'd get that block of damn hamburger meat.


That bitch came in a missile. That bitch, they dropped that bitch off a C one 30. That thing, you know what I'm talking about? It's shaped like a, like both ends are kind of a wiener, kind of like the front end of a wiener. God, that thing was heavy. You had to carry it out like this, you know? And sometimes I'd mix it up by the damn dura flame logs and accidentally put that bitch in there and just cook that bitch and having to spoon it out the fire to eat it. Call the fire department. Hey, take some matches, huh? But yeah man, it sounds like you're doing okay.


Let's, what else is going on? What else can I tell you about that happened to me recently? Not much. Going to eat dinner with my neighbors. Looking forward to that. Hitting the road for some more shows. Yeah, we went last week. Oh, Victoria Island, which is a beautiful, fascinating little, it's like a, this cold white Hawaii off of the coast of Vancouver. But just great people man Canadians and grateful to see them. And I'm a Winnipeg Jets fan.


Just letting everybody know that now too. I don't want that to cause any issues between me and anybody else. But that's, I'm a Winnipeg Jets fan, so I think they're jerseys are fire and I like the, the, I like their, they're doing good. And that's good. So, okay, I think that works. What else? Let's take this call right here. Hey Theo, hope you're doing well. I'm calling you today, today. See if I can get your perspective on something. My girlfriend of four years, she, she passed away five and half months ago.


She, it wasn't a, not a surprise, but you know, she, she had cancer. We thought that she had a little more time. But yeah, since then I've spent most of my time doing nothing. You know, I would visit her grade every day for months, which is good, I guess for getting out of my apartment. But I would just let the time pass, you know. But recently I've started going back to school full time and working again. And honestly I feel like I'm just doing it 'cause it's expected of me, you know, from like people around me, my family, and like peers.


So maybe some people just expect me to move forward pretty fast. But, you know, I, I don't wanna, you know. Well, thanks for the call, man. I'm sorry to hear about that. I can't even imagine that in the sense of losing a girlfriend or a partner, spouse. You know, I've lost people that I've loved, you know, and it, yeah, it feels so impossible because I think it's so many things at once. It's like, you know, something is gone and then the, the finality and the, the, the viciousness of life is so evident.


And at the same time, the preciousness of life and, and how beautiful life is that it could even exist. All that happens at the same time. And then it's not even about us really because they're the ones who as life has ended. So there's probably sometimes feelings of guilt that I had of like, feeling bad that's, I'd lost someone, you know, or not being able to separate the feelings into, okay, I'm in pain or I miss them, or I'm just loathing in my own sadness.


I'm getting into self pity. Like all those types of things happened I remember for me at the same time. And, and for one it's just so much. And for two it's hard to organize it and to even start to think and decide which feelings go where. I'd rather just sleep. I'd rather just hope that this goes away. I'd rather dream. I used to do that a lot when my dad died. I would just try and dream a lot. 'cause I felt like if I was dreaming, maybe I had a chance to like, see him, or that my feelings could be different or I could be living a completely different experience.


So I think a lot of it is normal. And I bet it's hard to get back into the flow of something when you've lost like a partner, because you probably think a lot of your life as having that partner there with you. And I think prac, even if doing something, just, even if you don't feel it, just have the practice of it until your feelings and your emotional wealthness catch up with your actions. 'cause one day they, they will, you know, and you'll be glad that you had started doing these things. Yeah, I don't really know what to say, man.


Just appreciate you, like, just telling us what's going on. Hmm. Maybe some people could call in actually and share things that if you had some experience with a loss of a loved one. And I would say a, a wife, let's, 'cause this is a man calling I believe. And so if you lost a wife or a girlfriend, you know, and they passed away. And if you have just some, maybe some experience with that. And if you could drop a call on the voicemail, (985) 664-9503. We will come back to that on our next solo episode. I don't know when it'll be, it'll be within the next month.


But we will come back to that and see if we have some answers. Maybe we can get some suggestions from other people. But yeah, man, I hate to even leave you on this call. But yeah, life is just, sometimes it's just a lot of freaking pickles on your chili, isn't it? Love you brother. Let's take another call. It's hard to say when somebody's going through something like that, you know, but that's just also the oddness of the world. It just keeps moving. You can't stop it. The world doesn't have any handlebars on it.


Time just doesn't have any, it doesn't, you can't get your hands into it. That's the most painful part sometimes of everything. Let's take a call here. Hey Theo, I'm having a really hard time Right now. I'm 16 years old. I don't have a job, nothing. I got my girlfriend pregnant, Okay? She just turned 18 actually not too long ago. I'm just kind of in this moment where I don't know what's coming for me in life.


Like, I feel like I've failed myself because I made stupid adult decisions at such a young age and it hurts me really bad. And I, I honestly just don't know what to do. I'm, I'm kind of in this like moment where I feel like I've felt everybody around me, including my parents, and I'm just not gonna be the, the dad that I'm supposed to be. And I'm just scared. I'm just looking for any advice. Well, at least he's not your cousin brother.


I'll start right there. And people can say, well that's just, that's cruel to be joking, but hey, one less thing the guy's gotta kind of think about Right now. No, man. Look, first of all, the fact that you're calling even to talk about this shows I think a level of maturity that is a lot of people wouldn't do so, right? You're curious, you're looking at what's going on, you're evaluating where you're at and you, you're like, well I wanna get to a place where I feel either confident about this or I have some support in this. So how do I get there? Well, I'm gonna reach out to other people and see what's going on. See if I can get some thoughts, some suggestions, even to somebody to listen to me.


Yeah, that's young to be out there gunning like that, you know, just to be rooting through some trap out there with no visor on daddy, you know, with no hoodie on. Yeah, but that's, that's the world we're in. So I wouldn't be, you are where you are. You could also look at it as the God has gifted you guys with an opportunity. I think people will probably be disappointed maybe in where you're at because they don't wanna see you, miss out on opportunities for yourself that could, that there might be less of if you have a child. That's probably what the disappointment is. I don't think it's disappointment in you having a child.


It's probably disappointment that, well this may affect your ability to chase some of your dreams or ideas because you have a responsibility now. Now I'm sure that as time goes on and this child comes into the world, it's gonna bring a lot of love in everybody's life. So don't think about just that, man. Lemme see. What else did you say? I feel like I've failed everybody around me, including my parents. And I'm just not gonna be the, the dad that I'm supposed to be. Well, we don't know if you're gonna be the dad that you're supposed to be. You know, that's way still to be, to be determined.


You know, we don't, we don't know. That hasn't happened yet. So don't future trip like that shit. The fact that you care about this, this much already, I think you're probably gonna be a pretty caring guy, you know, and you're gonna have a wi I'm assuming a girlfriend or wife or her and her family as well are gonna help support this child. So you didn't mention that, that that's gonna be a fear. I think everything's gonna be okay, dude. I think it's gonna take some time. I bet it's super scary, bro. 16 years old and you're having a child that's, that's freaking, that's kind of scary. I think you got you, you, you, you gotta let this play out, man.


I think you have a chance to be a young dad now, that'd be cool. Think about that. You gonna get to do stuff with your ki with your kid that a lot of parents will not be able to do. So he gets to play tether ball. Get to do probably some racing quads, like some kind of high speed shit that, you know, some parents kind of age out of when their kids age into it. Probably be able to play video games, do some VR type shit. So there's gonna be interesting stuff. I, but all I'm saying is that it. Don't let all the fear take away all the possibility. You know? Now you're probably gonna have to grow up pretty quick and there might be a part of your adolescence you're gonna miss out on, or it's gonna be different or trickier.


In fact, you're probably gonna grow up pretty fast in some ways, but maybe that's what God needs you for. You know, you just don't know. We don't know what we're needed for in the future. So just hang in there, man. This isn't the end of the world. Hell, this is the beginning of a life that you're responsible for. So it's just, I know it's gotta be scary. It's easy for me to say that, you know, I'm sure there's gonna be moments where it's really scary, but try to squeeze into those moments of fear some possibility, man. 'cause that's cool, dude. You get to have a, you get make a child, you get to have a child that you're gonna take care of.


So amen brother and God. God luck. God luck to you.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? Do you find yourself watching porno for longer periods of time and having trouble stopping? Is porn affecting your relationship or dating life? Well, you're certainly not alone. Watching pornography has become so commonplace today. And oftentimes men use porn to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety and depression. Shame and stigma prevent men from talking about these issues and getting help for them. I want to introduce you to my friend Steve. Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery, a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. Steve is a long-term sexual recovery member and has personally overcame the emotional and spiritual despair of abusing pornography and has dedicated his life to empowering men to do the same. Steve is an amazing person and he is a close friend of mine. I mean that Valor Recovery helps men to develop the tools necessary to have a healthier sex life. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend these problematic behaviors. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at www dot Valor Recovery coaching.com, or email them at admin at Valor Recovery coaching.com. Thank you.


From time to time on this program, we talk with miracles. Human beings that have, that are the corn of the, that are the cream of the death crop. People that have come so close to the grave but managed to stay out of it. Big bosses, we call 'em big bosses, they call 'em in some Polynesian areas. And today we're grateful to be able to talk with another miracle here. There he is, big dog, Matt. How are you? I'm living the dream man. Living the dream. Amen brother. Yeah, we love to get to talk to people who've had miracle experiences in their lives and I just really appreciate your time today.


How do you say your last name there, brother Tyberg Matteas. Tyberg. Oh, this angle makes me look so fat, but that's okay. Oh, that's fine man. My sister's fat. Hey. And that's perfectly fine. Matteas Tyberg, where are you located, brother? I live in Calgary, Alberta. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. A lot of good people up there eating steaks and just, what are they doing? Mining for gold. Is that the gold area? Gold oil, yeah. Memphis Gold. Memphis Gold, yeah. Now you've had quite an experience in your life.


You've had a, I've heard that you've had a couple miracles kind of a occur in your life. Can you kind of take me through like some of that, that situation? Yeah. How'd it start? Well, there's so many different situations. I mean, I've been at a party where I seen somebody that jumped me before, so I told them, let's run the fade or just apologized to me. And I guess he didn't wanna do that, so he ended up chasing me and I tripped and I got stabbed 10 times at once. Oh. Lost two thirds of the blood in my body.


Oh my God, brother. I'm sorry to hear that. Thank you for, for just telling us about that 10 times. That's a lot to, I mean, did they, do you, do you feel like that was a lot, You don't really, you feel like it was too many? Like how did you Yeah, honestly, you can't feel it because all of your nerves are on the top of your skin. So it just feels like you're getting punched, but you're bleeding, you're leaking. Oh god, brother. And what do you, how do you, and if, if two thirds of you is gone, what do you do at that point? Were you able to call the authorities or what do you do? Oh, one of my buddies was on the phone with EMS and Snapchatting it.


He was Snapchatting also. Yeah. Oh. Dark times. But you gotta make content, you know? Yeah. And which hole do you plug? Say you have 10 stab wounds, I guess they're referred to as by the government or whatever. Do you plug one up? Do you pick the most kind of active one? What do you do there? Honestly, you don't really know what, what to hold onto, man. I, it was more my, more or less, my stomach hurt. So that's why I was holding my stomach. But I was half dead by the time I got to the hospital.


So Did you pass out? Oh yeah. Wow. And did you have any experience, do you remember anything when you passed down? Like did you I just remember, 'cause I was on Xanax too, so I woke up in the hospital and then, yeah, I woke up in the hospital and then apparently you're only allowed two visitors at once and eight people come at once to come visit me. So then they kicked me out of the hospital like three days after it happened. Because what, you guys were partying a little too much or whatever? Yeah, pretty much. And were you allowed to drink in the hospital or no, No, no. I wouldn't drink. They were just mad because all my friends showed up at once to see if I was okay.


Wow man. Yeah, a lot of people don't live through something like that, man. No, I've been hit by the sea train. I've, oh yeah, the best one is up. Wait, Hold on. What you got hit by a, Well what happened was is my buddy knew this foreign exchange student, he gave money to these guys to try and buy 'em a pack of cigarettes. These guys are like 30 years old and they just told 'em to fuck off. We're keeping your money. Mm. So I decided to go up and punch 'em as hard as I could in the head. And I didn't realize the police are there. So I'm getting chased by this guy's buddy with like a foot long knife.


I keep looking back, still getting chased by the guy with the knife. Then I look back, it's the cops chasing me. So I'm at one end of a semi and the cop is at the other end. We're playing Of a semi-truck. Yeah. And we're playing peekaboo to see where it go. I'm wearing a right red Chicago Bulls jacket. Oh yeah. And I'm fricking hammered. So Dude, that's a fresh outfit baby. Scotty dripping, huh? Yeah. And what happened was I ended up getting arrested for assault. I got bail two weeks later I'm at the same train station that I punched the guy at. I'm hammered standing on the platform and then I get sucker punched in the back of the head and, oh, who is it?


The guy stole that guy that kid's 20 bucks? No. And then the, he just ended up pushing me like that. And I fell onto the train tracks and the train was coming in. So there's, I didn't know what to do. I just throw my body above the yellow line and it caught my legs and dragged me like 15 feet and it like ripped my shoes off, ripped my pants in half down. Oh God. It's a pervert basically. Yeah. Who knew? Yeah. Who knew? That train was a pedophile also. That sounds like a bit much, huh? Dude, that's insane man. So, and were you drunk or were you already impaired when the train hit you?


Or what kind of condition were you in physically just at that point in your life? Oh yeah, I was an everyday alcoholic. We would all, all the boys would meet at What? I got this question though. What, sorry to interrupt you there, but what kind of train driver would hit a Dr. Just hit a guy, would hit a drunk guy. Did you ever speak to the driver? No. Well the thing is, is the sea train's moving so fast, right? So it's coming to dock into the station to let everybody off. There's nothing he really could have done to, I don't know, you can see a white dude most of the time, you know, no matter what's going on, but damn brother, I can't believe that.


And so, so you were stabbed 10 times, you've been hit by a train, but God had more in store for you, didn't he? What else happened? The biggest one was the balcony. 'cause I ended up buying some cocaine that wasn't, wasn't all cocaine. Oh yeah, there was meth in it. Oh Yeah, right. Them moguls got some bounce to 'em, huh? Shit man, every time I look through the little hole in my door, there'd be four people outside with weapons trying to bust in. That's what I would see. I'm dragging the couch. S a diorama kind of. Yeah. I'm dragging the couch with the landlord on it to the front door to try and block it.


Damn brother. He told me to go to bed. So I went to bed and woke up. All I could do was get a glass of water. I looked through that. People in the door and the same thing people looks like pe people with guns are trying to bust in the apartment. Oh yeah. So I tried to go from my balcony over to the neighbors and I'm on the seventh floor, so, and who Are the neighbors? Can we, let's, let's, who are they there? There was nobody even in there. That's why I was trying to get over to the okay thing. And how, how far is that? Is that a jump you're trying to make? Or did you have a kind of a rope set up or anything like that? A did you have a little treche?


Anything? Shit like you could, if you reached across, you could pass a beer or two. Your neighbor. So it wasn't that far. Okay. I just kind of was trying to leapfrog over. I know it's kind of stupid, but when you're fucked up, like that's, Well it's a great idea. I mean, yeah, here's the thing, people don't realize that people that are wasted have done amazing things. You know, one of the guys, have you heard of Lewis and Clark? Yeah, I think so. One of them was an addict and they discovered like a third of the North America. So let's don't, you can't always beat down on addicts, but, so take me out there. You're on the balcony, you're highing cocaine and what is your plan is to make that leap over to the other balcony.


Yeah. And then the shittiest, I guess the shittiest attempt ever. I don And was it windy? Was it windy? Yes it was. Yeah, Brother. Big Maddy dude taking on the fricking Boies twins brother taking on the jet stream up there. Seventh floor, Mattie. One shot. And how do you make that leap, dude? Tell me, take me through that. Are you wearing shoes? At first, I stood up right on the thing and held my hand on the wall. But I was walking with the Balcony. Yeah. Okay. On the rail of it. So then I was wobbling so I was like, oh shit, I'm gonna fall.


So I like crouched down to try and like leap like that. But oh, you get some, build up a little bit of energy or whatever. What is it called? Potential energy. You crouch down? Yeah. Yep. Yeah, leap my ffr leapfrog my way down all the way. 70 feet. Oh, what happened? Did you bounce off the rail or did you even hit the other balcony? Oh, I didn't even hit the other balcony. I'm sorry Dude. Sorry To laugh. There's a glitch in the audio. Yeah, no, it's all good. It's pretty. I laugh about it, dude. And now man, you play stupid games. You win stupid prizes, you know? Yeah. But that's also, that's one way to look at it, man. But I think another way to look at it is that you're a miracle.


You know? A lot of people do not get to live through stabbings, through train hittings, through falling. How far did you fall? 70 feet. Okay. And take me Jesus Christ. That's a lot. And take me through some of that. Like when you first hit the, when you, once you first realized you're not gonna make the first balcony, were there lower balconies you could have grabbed? Not when, because damn, you fall so fast. I was 200 pounds at the time. And if you weigh 200 pounds and you go over fif fall 50 feet, you go terminal velocity. Really? So I hit, yeah, I hit the ground going terminal velocity for the last 20 feet.


Big dog went down, brother. God, dude. And so what were some of your thoughts during that? Did you get into a certain position to absorb the impact or were you just kind of like letting, were you praying what was going on? When I fell down, actually I seen like some people on like the third or fourth or whatever floor it was, they were outside smoking on their balcony. Oh, that's pretty cool. I, I hit the ground, they look over at me and I tell 'em to bring me some liquor because I know I'm going to the hospital. I can't move my damn body. And I was an alcoholic at the time. Wow. So, God, dude.


Who survives that brother? The, I, I don't know, man. I've honestly almost died even more times than that. Like when I was a baby, I fell into a motel pool while my parents weren't there. And I, I was drowned, pronounced dead. Not huh? When I came back, so. Yep. Well, you must feel like God wants you here for a reason, brother. Yeah. What do you feel like that is after all this? I mean, that's countless times you've escaped death, man, you know, a yeah. A, you know, forced to swim as a baby, train, hitting, stabbing, stabbing or high, you know, high amount stabbing, 70 foot fall off of a balcony.


Yeah. I've been stabbed other times too. Okay. But I think, but, but Right. I, I understand what you're getting at, but I think, what do you feel like you're, do you feel like you have a bigger purpose there? A reason a lot of people are not able to go through all that, man, you understand? That's pretty miraculous. Do you understand that? Yeah. Amen, brother. And how are you doing today? What's your physical state today? I'm a tetraplegic so I can, like, I can't feel or move anything chest down. I can move my arms, but my fingers are stuck like this. Oh yeah. Kinda like Muhammad Ali or whatever. Yeah.


But at the end of the day, I don't ever complain about it because man, I'm the one who wanted to do coke and I can't blame that on somebody else. Yeah. I mean, And you're a survivor brother. You're a damn survivor, dude. You're a damn, you know what I'm saying? You're a damn a gravity monkey dude. Shit. Do you think you'll ever walk again, brother? Probably not, but I'm okay with that. I don't really, I love watching YouTube. There's so much people come up with stuff every day. Oh yeah. So It gives me something to do. Oh yeah. You can watch people walk on YouTube all day if you want, and take it easy, you know?


Yeah. But man, I just, yeah, I, I appreciate you just jumping on and I appreciate you paying attention to the show and Yeah, we're gonna come to Calgary. Dude, you gotta come out. I'd love to get to meet you out there. Yeah, I'm coming. I already got my VIP tickets, so Sweet, bro. Well, yeah, we'll have to catch up, dude. I wanna touch some magic limbs. You got on you daddy. I'm gonna rub them bitches for good luck. Hell yeah. Yeah. Where do you live these days, man? I live in, well now I'm so crippled. I gotta live in like a long-term care home. So I'm, I'm the youngest here. It's pretty much just older people.


But any Chicks in there or what? No, not really any disabled chicks. You gotta pray to meet the one you want. That's what my friend told me the other day. He said, are you praying to meet the woman you wanna meet? You know? Yeah. So I gotta start working on, I kind of gave up. 'cause once you, once you sever your spinal cord, man, you can't even bust a nut. I haven't busted a nut since I fell from that balcony. Oh, damn. How, how, how long before you had fallen had you busted a nut, you think The day before? Amen, brother. Love It. Finish strong. Yeah, finish this throw And look man, you're gonna bust one.


We're gonna, we're gonna, if we can do anything, if we hear of anything that, you know, could help you, any elixirs or anything like that, we'll see what we can do, man. But yeah, dude, that's, that's what, if you can get hit by a train and still be alive or whatever, you can, you'll get another nut out. Oh yeah. That would be nice. Amen brother. Well, thank you so much, dude. Give my best to everybody up there in Calgary, bro. America's getting weird. We're probably all gonna come up there soon. So saving room up there, big dog. Yeah. Calgary is probably the best nicest city in Canada.


I think so, Dude, Canada's so great, man. And it's safe too. That's the best thing about your stories, I noticed, is that you didn't get shot in one of them. Yeah, I've been shot at, but, But that don't count. You gotta come to America to get shot, brother. That's where we do it. So I I, they Won't, they won't let me across the border. Oh, we'll see what we can do to, well, look, Right now you're probably an insurance risk. I would guess so. Yeah. But yeah, dude, that's a good thing about Canada. They got knives, so you always stand a chance, you know, that's one thing I like. Yeah. Yeah. At least you know, I'm getting shot just killed instantly.


Yeah. That's so bullshit and lame, dude. I mean, look at you. If you got shot that first time, we wouldn't even, you wouldn't even, you wouldn't even got hit by a train. That's crazy to say. But you wouldn't, you know, the other stuff wouldn't even have happened. You wouldn't have had these other experiences, you know? Yeah. So no doubt you're like the worst evil Knievel in some ways, you know? Sorry, dude, that's not funny, buddy. No, it's all good. It's funny, dude, I laugh at anything, man. If I didn't become a criminal before I would've became a comedian, dude, I, I just didn't have any father figure in my life. Still.


I was homeless 16 years old downtown selling weed, so not making good choices, but, Well, you're alive today, man. Yeah, I do believe that you're here for a purpose and even just sharing your story right here today, man, you know, resilience is huge and I think the future's bright brother. I believe that. And I'm just glad I got to talk to you today and well, we got our first Canadian Miracle right there, Matt, Ty, how do you say your last name? Tyberg Matt Tyberg right there. Ladies and gentlemen, if you don't believe in miracles, you gotta believe in them now. That's what I feel like. And I, Matt, thanks for your time, dude. I look forward to catching up with you in a couple months.


Alright? Awesome. Sounds good. Have a great day. Alright, You too brother. Cheers man. Cheers. Matthew Tyberg right there. Let's see if we got one more call that came in here. Hey Theo, this is Willie Bones. What's up bro? Willie Bones coming through, baby breaker breaker one nine go through Bones. What's up gang? Yo, man, I just got one question for you, man. Like, I'm dealing with active addiction with, you know, the blah or whatever, but Yeah, doing cocaine, brother, I hear you. What's going on?


And I'm just, I just want some tips or some advice, man, on how I can kick this shit. Like I just have problems man. I said I'm gonna stop, never do. Sure. You know, you went through the same shit, eh, but, Well thanks for calling Willie. The only things I know about this are, I don't think you can quit cocaine without quitting alcohol. That's for me. That's what I've seen. I'm not saying that's everybody's case. I'm not. That's for me, for me, that's what I've seen. And then lemme think about what else. Yeah, I think you have to get into recovery now if you're pretty bad off. First you need to go to a detox.


And then once you're clean, then you need to get into a recovery program, you know, maybe a 30 day or a inpatient or then start to go to Cocaine Anonymous or Alcoholics Anonymous meetings with a friend. If You don't like cocaine anonymous meetings, I suggest Alcoholics Anonymous because there's more meetings and it's the same thing. Cocaine and alcohol aren't the same thing, but addiction is the same. So if you can, you can apply the same principles and you can talk to a sponsor about doing that. I wish I had some other cure for you. That's the only thing that I know that's ever helped me. So I wish you the best of luck, man. It's scary. You know what I realized too, about drugs and for me, I was just too much of a pussy to do 'em, really.


Some people could get all fucked up and have a blast. I couldn't do that. I'd get all fucked up and squirrel away. I'd hide in your fucking mailbox. Bitch, UPS boy, I'll hide in your cousin's ass boy and take everybody's temperature in there, dog. Praise God man. Thank you for calling brother. And thank you guys again for all the support. We may add a few more shows to this tour. We're almost done with it, and I just wanna let you know that. And thank you everybody that's come out. I can't even believe it. What else can I update you on? Oh, we're figuring out some of our stuff with the foundation and what we're gonna do. Been doing some calls with different people and just figuring out how to like, make a positive difference in the, in the world or in our community starting there.


So that's something that's exciting. I want it to be in the recovery space. I don't know what it all looks like, but in my spare time I've been just discussing with other people who have done similar type things and, and I just need to pray a little bit more and see if I can get more insight, you know, just to lead me to something because I, I, yeah, I mean there's causes for sure. There's lots of things, but I want to, I wanna, yeah, I want to land in a space that I'm gonna feel motivated to keep doing. You know, one more call that came in.


Hi Theo, it's Lemore from Florida. Hey Lenore from Florida. Thank you for calling. I'm calling to you a happy birthday, just if I remember right, it's March 17th. Anyway, I'm sending you a big virtual hug. I want you to know you're a very special person. A shining light of not only laughs but of so much love and compassion. I hope you're doing whatever makes you happy today. Keep shining your light. Love you Theo gang. Oh, thanks Lenora. That's sweet of you. I appreciate that.


Yeah, that's just sweet of you to say. I feel, you know, I think I feel a little more purposeful sometimes in my life these days. I think, I think there was this moment kind of, even when I had, when number, we talked with Kat Williams on the episode and he said, well, I was talking about, well, I don't know about this, I don't know about that. And he's like, well, what don't, you know, he's like, you're here, you're in this conversation Right now. You're in this moment. So to keep second guessing everything, you know, you're, he, there's a, you're here, right? Like, like, 'cause I think there was something I was like, I don't know if we should talk about that. And he said, well, when are we gonna talk about it?


We, we have to talk about this is, we're here talking about it. You know, in a lot of my life, I've, I've, I've, I've been standing in, you know, I've been standing in the, in the water, but not really ready to get wet. But it's like, I, I'm, I'm in the water, you know, but it's like I'm waiting for this third, you know? But there was this moment with him where he's just like, this is where you are. This is, and I don't mean me, but it's anybody. This is where this, it's, if it's happening now, it's happening now. Like there, you know, 'cause a lot of, I'm always like, it old this and later and this, and it's like, you know, so I do feel sometimes a little more purposeful.


I don't know even what that means exactly, but I just, I don't know. I start to feel a little bit o more okay where I am, you know? And that, yeah, I believe that, yeah, I believe that God's given me a lot of neat stuff. Opportunity. He like, you know, I believe that you guys have helped me learn like how to express like my feelings and learn about, yeah. Just thinking and feeling together. We've done a lot of that on this program over the years. And yeah, I think at some point it, you know, there are positives from that, you know?


And so I think, yeah, that's where I feel, I feel like a little bit like there's a reason that all this has kind of happened and that there's some positives and let's start to maybe see what those are. And not just in me, but just like, yeah, what, what can be done as a group? What, what can I start or be a part of starting or what can we be a part of starting that could be of service, you know? I don't know, I don't know exactly what I'm saying, but, but I'm able to say it now more than I felt like I was in the past and feel like that's where I'm supposed to be. So yeah, I just feel lucky to be alive, you know, lucky to get to see certain things.


And I think America's getting weird and interesting and it's getting like good verse evil type shit. And I'm here for that shit, you know? I think we've all always wanted to live in like, in the Gryffindor verse slithering type shit type shit. So, but anyway, thank you. Thanks for the happy birthday wishes. What did I do? My buddy John Shahidi from, from Happy Dad sent me a gift. I haven't even opened it yet. My, did my brother get something? I don't know. My brother came in town too, and his buddy's friend was up here visiting their kid.


Their kid was in show choir at the Grand Ole Opry or at the Opry Mills. So I got to spend some time with them. What else did we do? Took my own to my favorite breakfast place. That was fun. Oh, my mom did gimme a gift. She got me an ounce of silver. You know, my mom was never a gold digger. She was a silver digger though. Shout out to Silver Diggers, dude. They, they don't end up with shit, but, you know, but they're not gold diggers, dude. But my mom, like, you know, she's ready for like, the end of things, right? So she's ready, she's like, when the banks go awry and the, all the, you know, everything falls apart online, you can have, so you could have real silver and you can trade it for stuff.


So she got me like an ounce of silver. So that was really cool. I never had that. And what else? Oh, I got a pair of boots. I bought myself a pair of boots that I really like. And what else did I do? Oh, I texted some of my friends that had the same birthday. Trying to think, oh, I had to work. I had a podcast that I did with a hostage negotiator. That was pretty cool. So got to do that and did it. Is that when I did that? Yep. Yeah. So that's what I did, man. I did the things yeah.


That I liked to do on my birthday. I think I went and worked out. I got to podcast, I got to listen to some music with my mom and, and it was great. And I'm grateful to be here with you guys today. And yeah, thank you Lenore, for the sweet message and thank and I don know what that was. And thank you everybody for the support and yeah, the Hotline is always, if you need it, 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3. And yeah, there's a light out there for all of us, man. You know, for all types of people and life. Sometimes you know, it, you, you just don't get it the way you want it, but it's still, I don't know, sometimes you gotta meet it halfway, man.


Sometimes you gotta put your own pickles on your chili brother, but there's a light for all of us. You guys be good to yourselves, baby. You deserve it, man. When And un come take my hand And walk With me. I don Where we can be free Shining for you.


Who needs matches? I'm on fire. Hey, two shots of Fireball. The Bronx is burning From the mountaintops, the deepest Do the troll Rising. You can be free Stairs.


Podcasting was a revolution until big tech and big Money started rewriting the rules. What's a podcast? The Revolution Redefined is an urgent new docuseries featuring exclusive insights from industry experts like AJ Feliciano, general Manager of the Roost. I still want to Kill the word podcast Plus pioneers like Ira Glass, Adam Corolla, Leo LaPorte, guy, Roz, and more. If you care about the future of podcasting, listen now to What's a podcast, wherever you get your podcasts.