
I have some tour dates to tell you about the return of the Rat Tour is finishing up and it's coming to Oxford, Mississippi on April 9th. Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Chicago, Illinois, Miami, Florida, Winnipeg, and Calgary in the Canada. You can get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. And thank you guys so much for your support. We've got new Merch, we've got these onward hoodies. These are my favorite type of hoodie that we've ever used. The template, the material, the style of it. I think they'll be your favorite as well. We're gonna try to focus on making sure that the, the, the template is perfect so that it just feels good and that you enjoy it and that you keep it and wear it for a long time.


Yeah, those are really great. I want you to check 'em out. They're at Theo Von store.com and thank you for your support If you choose to purchase one. Today's guest made me feel welcome when I got here to Tennessee. He's arguably the most popular musician on the planet. He's the East Tennessee Elvis baby. He's, I mean, you know, you know what he is. I mean, he's so prolific. He's very competitive, and I admire his attention to detail. Today's guest is one of a kind, Mr. Morgan Wallace.


And Yeah, dude, good to see you, bro. Good To see you too, man. Yeah, It's awesome, man. What's been going on? Yeah, my mom was visiting for my birthday. We went to the Opry. You did? Yeah. Cool, man. Yeah, it was Cool. Dude. Trace Atkins, Did she come up here a lot or No? No, she hadn't been here since I moved here. It was Your birthday? Yeah. Oh, Happy birthday. Yeah. Thanks. Now, when is your birthday? It was two days ago, March 19th. Okay, cool. So, yeah, my parents are in town as well, but I'm trying to, I'm trying to get them to move here, so. Oh, You are?


Yeah, I'm working on that. That's, that's been going on for the last few weeks now, so we'll see. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, your dad's so funny, dude. Yeah, He's the man. He's Unreal, dude. 'cause we went on, what was, we went with, is it Morgan Wallen, the foundation? Morgan Wallen Foundation, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Up there to Greenville area. Yeah. Yeah. During the flood Stuff. Yeah, during Hurricane Helene. Yeah. And Your dad came and it was awesome, man. They had the food truck, they had, you know, they were doing food drives and I met some people up there. We went and visited the houses and stuff. That was awesome. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was a cool day, man. It was good. I wish, I wish we did stuff more like that more often, you know? I guess we could, but, Well, I think that's why, I mean, you have a foundation that can do it when you're not able to do it.


For sure. But yeah, I agree with you. It feels like, it Feels good to actually get out and do it yourself. You know what I mean? Yeah. It can be, it can be a little, little stressful, you know, you gotta, you gotta keep it timed up right. To where you're not sticking around in one place too long and all that stuff. You know, you gotta be a little tack tactful about it. But it's, it's, it's good. Yeah. And Tony Vitello, is that his name? Yeah, dude, he came out. He's the best. Yeah, he's cool too, man. Dude, he's cool. He always helps with, with, with stuff involving our foundation and we stay in touch on a regular basis, so. Oh, y'all do? Yeah. He, I tried to invite him to a, a bracket the other day. I was like, you're probably not allowed to do this, are you? He said, no. Okay. Alright. That's alright. Oh, that's that.


I'm in that bracket, man. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I tried to invite him into that bracket. You and me. You're tied Right now. I think we're in first. Yeah, we are. I saw That. Yeah, we are. I checked this morning, Dude. Yeah. One thing that was crazy about your dad, though. He was fasting whenever we were doing that. That's right. He'd been on a 40 day fast. Yeah. He's done that for like, as long as I can remember. I remember him, like when I was growing up, he would just go and like, stay out in the, in the wild, you know, in a tent or something and just drink apple juice or something. I'm like, dude, how, how is this possible? You know? That doesn't sound like fa that sounds like hiding from your wife to Honest. Yeah. He needed some space. Didn't have enough money to get, get a trailer or something, But that was, I just didn't, 'cause it was crazy 'cause I'd just been looking into a fasting.


'cause people say it like, if you fast, it'll help, like, eat away the cancer cells that are in your body. So when he was like, I've been on 40 days all day. Well, they Say that that only takes like a couple days to do that, what you're talking about, right? Yeah. Like if you fast for a couple days, it'll do that. Yeah. I think I Don't, yeah, yeah. No, that's what I hear. Once you get past 48 hours. Yeah. I think what he was doing it for was spiritual purposes. Yeah. That's what he used to do it for. And that's probably what he is doing it for now. Yeah. A team of researchers from MSK has shown for the first time that fasting can reprogram the metabolism of natural killer cells, helping them to survive in the harsh environment in and around tumors while improving their cancer fighting ability. But it just blew my mind. I was like, God, this dude's on 40 days. Put this dude back in the Bible.


Yeah. I mean, dude, I don't, I don't understand how that's, that's physically possible. You know? I, I pretty much have been for the last little while fast until, you know, noon. I'll do, I'll do my workout and like, everything in the first part of the day without eating. Yeah. But I can't imagine going a whole day without doing it, to Be honest. He's got some bandwidth on him, man. Yeah. He's a pretty strong-willed guy. He's always so chipper, dude. Yeah. I just, I'd love getting to hang out with him. That was probably, and he would tell story showing getting in the military and stuff. So of that stuff is bonkers. Oh yeah. Some of that stuff ain't gonna be repeated on here. He makes me look calm. Dude. That's the crazy part. You start talking in, you're like, oh, well, some of this checks out For sure.


It checks out. We don't need a DNA test in this family. But you said they're moving down here? Yeah. I'm trying to get 'em to, we'll see how it goes, but I'm, I'm working on it. I've been talking to 'em about it for a while, but, you know, just somebody uprooting their entire life to come somewhere. But me and my sister live down here. It's a, it's a tricky, you know, it's always tricky getting stuff like that to happen, but we're working on it. Yeah. Yeah. That's a lot, man. Is it, I know you have a son, Indio Indy. Yeah. His name's Indigo, but I call him Indy Indy. Right. What's that been like, dude? Because that's been probably one of the biggest things in your life, I'm sure. I mean, outside of your, I mean, like, yeah. I mean, yeah. That's crazy.


I mean, yeah. I think, I don't even know how to ask that question. I think it just gets better and better as you know, the older he gets, I mean, it's always been cool, but, you know, when he's, he's four years old now. He'll be five this year. Just a personality that keeps coming out and the relationship that you build, you know, and he's, he's got a little, he's got a little sass on him. Like, he's got a, he's got a little attitude, you know, which is, I like, I like that spunk. You know, like the, yesterday my dad was telling him he was trying to get him to eat. It's a, it's kind of a task to get him to eat, to sit still long enough to eat, you know? And my dad was like, Hey man, if You don't eat, I'm gonna put you in, put you in the bedroom. You gotta go to sleep or whatever, you know. I don't know exactly what my dad said to him, but he looked at my dad and he said, I don't want you to stay here anymore All day.


Wow. But I just, I just, I mean, like, it's just hilarious, you know? And You're behind your dad, you're telling him Tell. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just anything to keep him, keep him rocking. But he's a, he's a sweetheart. But whenever you get him, is he? Yeah. Oh yeah. He, he's almost too sweet. He, he's too nice to everyone, like, people he doesn't know, you know? Yeah. Like, Hey man, we don't like everybody, man. We don't know these people, man. Stranger danger baby. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm trying to teach him a little bit of that. But he's got, he's wild. Definitely. He emailed me the other day asking me to send him some zens. I was like, dude, you got, Yeah, I, yeah. I, I couldn't believe he figured out, you know, how to get ahold of the iPad like that. Yeah. I like that. I'm not, I'm not really big on letting him, you know, sit around with an iPad.


But I guess he got my, my nieces or something. She probably had him send, oh, she or he probably had hers send the email, you know. Yeah. Hey, Haven, type this out for me. What Threes or sixes Does he? Oh yeah. Yeah. Does he have threes or six? I just downgraded to the threes, man. I'm, I'm, I'm weaning myself off. Are you? I don't know. Might just be putting two in. That's right. Dude. That's just a little bit of mouth math homie. Yeah. That shit. But you'll see a dude with like 11 threes in. I'm like, bitch, just get a damn 20 or something. That's like Andrew. Oh, oh yeah. Your cousin. Yes.


Yes. He'll have a, a multitude in there. He's only on the citrus though. He's hilarious, dude. Well, well, I'll, I'll ask you about him in a little bit, man. Alright. What does your son have like a favorite song of yours or anything? Yeah, it's a song that's not out yet. Like this, this album. Right. That I've been working on this the first time where he's, it seems like he's really starting to put two and two together, you know? Yeah. I would come home after I'd been writing and I'd show him songs this time. This is the first time that I, that he's ever cared, you know? And I was, there's a song called Eyes Are Closed on my, on my record. And I, I, I brought it home that night. You know, we wrote it that day and took it home that night. And I was just playing.


I wasn't really playing it for him. I just had it kind of played in the background. 'cause it was my first time hearing the demo of what we had just done that day. And he was in the background and he kind of, you know, moseyed on over there and started being like, Ooh, what's this? You know? And then after it was done, he said, I like that song, daddy. Really? And it was like the first time he had ever done that, you know? So it was a special moment for me, something I'll never forget. And he said, play that again. Oh. You know, and I was, yeah. Like, this song's a hit for me no matter what, you know? So that was the first time I had really seen him. Like, all those, you know, dots start connecting. Yeah. And he, I bet that's special. For a while. He, he thought that Soul by John Michael Montgomery.


He thought that was me singing. He thought he was like, play daddy. He's fast song. He caught it. The fast song holding the Lady in. I, I, He thought he thought that was me. I said, damn man. I mean, that dude sounds pretty good, but come on. Yeah. He, then he's just biding on pigs at his daycare. Yeah, Probably. Yeah. Allow him down in the grande. Can he, is that right? Yeah. Yeah. That he caught it, the Fast song. And I had to finally broke it to him. I said, that ain't me, dude. Yeah. Oh yeah. And in that, in the email he sent me, he's like, yeah, you need to listen to my father's hit Cotton Eye Joe as well. I was like, yeah, Well we are from Knoxville. You know, he's seen that sign a few times. That checks out, man, as you make more music.


So the new album, I'm The Problem as you make more music because you have been so, like, prolific, I think that's the word. What does prolific mean? I think that's the right word, too. Okay. But I don't know if either one of us should be, if The were the dictionary guys. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. Definitely. It's like a lot Producing much fruit, producing much fruit foliage or offspring, actually. It says, I ain't been that prolific in that term, but yeah. Presenting one plentiful. It says producing many works, but is it, does it get tougher to like, okay, how do I have, do I not have a song that sounds, that's similar to a song I previous had?


'cause when you have so many songs, does that get a little bit tough? Or what's that like? Yeah, I think it does. You know, Like, has there been a great song that comes that's like you guys have put together and then you're like, oh man, it's just a little too close to this. Or, Well, for this album, I feel like I just didn't let it get to that point. You know, if, if at least if I was a part of writing it, you know, I think, I can't remember exactly how many ones I was and wasn't a part of writing, but if a song came in from a, like, as a pitch, I kind of knew immediately. I was like, oh, these people are writing this might have made my last record. Mm. Maybe probably not. But you know, it's like, it's like, that's what it felt like to me. Right. A lot of the pitches were that, Yeah.


Because I guess people are just going, they don't know where your next step is and who you are. There was a, There was a select group of writers that I kind of, you know, told a, a little bit what I was trying to accomplish, you know? And I feel like that that really helped me find a certain, one of the sounds of that's on my record. But for me, when I'm writing, I kind of, you know, you, you can kind of tell from the idea almost if, if the song is gonna be similar or not, you know? And that was something that was tougher for me. 'cause a lot of, you know, a lot of the things that were successful and that were easy in the past were just like, whiskey drinking, you know, like all that stuff. And I've kind of just almost explored every angle of that. That's, that's possible. You know, like there's still, there's still some possible ways to get, get that in there.


But I tried to, I tried to dig deeper, man. And, you know, and I, and I, a lot of my guys that I write with, we kind of kept a, at least for me when I was writing, we kept five or six guys. We didn't always write together. But, you know, that, that kind of core group of guys, we, we all just had a good, good sense of what we were shooting for. And just trying not to say the same thing that I've said before and, you know, incorporate new things. So I feel like it was harder, you know, I had to work harder. Yeah. Like, what do you mean, like, finding a new angle? Like drop In, like Yeah, just finding new angles and just thinking up ideas, you know, and there's, you know, or just maybe somebody had an idea and they brought it in and I'm like, well, that's pretty good. But like, trying to find a way to, to make it something different, you know, like, it would, sounds like that idea would've been on the last record, but maybe I can flip this or flip that into making it something that's more unique.


You know? So just trying to dig deeper and not just, not just saying, oh yeah. Not just being content with something, you know, just Digging deeper. Oh yeah. Take It easy. Yeah. Just digging deeper and, Because you can kind of, yeah. It's funny, I was talking to a Charlie Hansen the other night. Yeah. I, dude that guy, bro. Him and Marissa. Is that is Marissa. Yeah. Marissa. Yeah, Bro. They're hilarious, bro. They Are hilarious. She's So funny. Dude. Her, Like, she kind of keeps him in check. I feel like it's A, the, the pairing both of them. 'cause he's kind of so kind of rough around the edges. Like, I don't, maybe that's a crazy, that's not a crazy thing to say about him. No, definitely not. I think he'd probably agree with that. Yeah. He's, he's just so, he's so real. He's just, He's he's pretty blunt guy.


Yes. Pretty blunt. Yeah. Yes, he is. Which I've always loved that about him, you know, when he first got to to town, I guess that was probably, we wrote, if I know me, I mean, that had to be either 17 or 18 when I first met him. Wow. And 2017 or 18. Not when I was 17 or 18 years old. But, you know, he kinda, I think he came from LA so he had like this, I don't know. I guess it's different out there, you know, if it seems like it's like a dick measuring contest out there a lot. Well, people are probably, yeah. Yeah. That could be true. And I think he had brought a lot of that mindset to Nashville, you know, and I, whenever we were first riding, I'm like, Hey man, you know, you, you ain't gotta be, you ain't gotta be like that.


You know? Like it ain't, it ain't, it ain't like that here. Yeah. You know, so we just, and I would give him a hard time when he would be acting like that. I'd always, you know, talk shit and stuff. So we just became instant friends. Like that kind of friend, You know? I could see that a hundred percent dude. Yeah. Because, what did I say? Oh, he gotten married, right. And his wife one night, I think that she probably had a cocktail or two and invited me to their wedding. Right. Yeah. And I had to work that weekend, but I saw pictures. You win. I think Hardy went, it looked like a good time. I mean, it Was a beautiful wedding, man. I mean, it really, really beautiful. It Was on an island somewhere. Yeah. An island marada. It was like, you know, you heard of that show Bloodline? Oh yeah. Yeah. It was the h it was that compound where that was filmed. Oh, damn. So it was legit. God.


Yeah. But, and then, so I, when I saw him, I said, Hey man, I'm sorry I couldn't made it to the wedding. He's like, well, you know, we weren't really expecting you there. Yeah. I don't know if they, I was in the damn wedding. I don't know if they was expecting me there. I showed up about an hour before it was supposed to start and left before it was over. But I, I was proud to be there, man. It was, it was cool. I I, I, I really appreciate it. It Was, but he's just like, look man, we don't, we don't super know each other that good. He said, right. But it was so, it was so like, just the realest shit ever. He's like, and if we become better friends and, you know, and that happens, then yeah, man, I, I'd expect you to be at my, you know, if I get divorced or if I, if I do a renew of the vows. I said, But it was just, I'd expect you to be at my divorce in now. Yeah. But dude, it was just like, and I was like, dude, you're so right.


I was like, and it didn't made me want to get to know him more. 'cause it was like, just cutting through the bullshit. I love that. He's def that's a definite, that's a accurate way of describing Him. Which I think is probably what makes him a good songwriter too. 'cause it's like, you gotta, like, if you too much bull, it's like if you can cut through the Bullshit, well, yeah, he's, he's, he'll definitely tell you like, or if you're, if you're on something, he's like, man, that sucks. You know? And that's what I, I mean, I feel like I have a pretty good gauge of, of, you know, what's good and what's not. But like, it's, it's nice to have another person in the room who will tell you straight up. Yeah. You know, because especially when you, when you do get to like, get to this level, people sometimes don't check you the way they should. You know, they'll just let you rock with it and, you know, whatever.


Damn dude. No, it's just interesting to hear, to hear you say that. I had a guy a few years ago. I was, I had taken out a guy to, we, we went to lunch and we, he's married and we're both straight, but we went and had lunch together and thanks For clarifying, man. But yeah, he was just, he's been like a manager of like, some of the most popular comedians over time. And I was talking to him, he goes, well, you kind of have to evolve with your audience. He's like, if you, you know, going back to kinda what kinda what you said earlier about like, you know, some people probably present songs to you that would've been great an album or two ago. It's like, damn, that would've been, but it's like you evolved. Yeah. I mean, you can't blame, You Don you can't blame. Of course not. You know what I mean? You can't expect them to know what's in your head and what Right. What you're gonna do next. Yeah. And they only have like, the footprints that they've seen you leave so far make that they can even judge on.


Right. Right. Like, I've heard Wasted on you. I've heard that 2.0 18,000 times. Wow. You know, in, in, in my inbox, a lot of 'em don't even make it to me because it, it gets snip before it even gets to me. But I've, I've heard plenty of 'em, you know? Oh yeah, for sure. It's just like, I, I understand it, but, you know, you can't, you can't settle like that. Yeah. Yeah. But you also don't wanna go too far either, because then your fans are like, dude, you know, what's, what's he on? Yeah. It Chris', What's His name? He doing Chris Gaines. Is he just taking a lot of mushrooms or something? You know, like, you can get that guy too. This man one time he said, he goes, one thing, you have to, you have to evolve with your audience if you try to hide that you're evolving or that you're growing. 'cause your audience also grows, right?


Oh, yeah. So he's like, if you try, it's, it's, it can be a trap sometimes to try to just fit your, fit your current feet back in your old footprints. And I just thought it was interesting to hear somebody say that I'd never really thought about. 'cause sometimes you're like, oh, this worked and I, I gotta stay right here, but you're not there anymore. You know? Yeah. And I mean, even if it's just subtle changes, it don't have to be like, huge things, you know? Yeah. You don't have to come out and do like a Mozart style. Right, Right. You know, like my last album, I had plenty of trap beats and stuff like that. This time I was like, Hey man, let's just, let's tone that back a little bit. I'm tired of, I'm tired of it. I'm tired of hearing it. So if I'm tired of it, they probably tired of hearing it. Yeah. You know, so just like certain things that you can still get that same swag or that same, you can accomplish certain things without doing the same exact thing.


Yeah. You know? So it's just simple stuff like that. In, in some cases, Do you feel like you've always had a pretty good, like, instinct about that kind of stuff? Like, is that something that you think you really have? Like, you kind of can feel? I like to think so, man. I, I, I feel like I can tell when something's getting tired, you know? And Yeah. I, I don't, that's a gift, man. Yeah. I guess. So. Maybe God gave me that. I, I don't know. But I've also, I've also learned from people in my, in my, you know, that I've been around for the last 10 years, who I've, who I feel like I've learned from and that, that have helped me with that as well. You know? I don't think I was just fully just, I think I had a knack for it already, but I think I've, you know, developed it and learned from people as well. So, yeah. Yeah. I, I've always had a tough time.


Like, 'cause I've always been like a do it yourself kind of guy. Like, I feel like I know what I'm doing. Like I work hard. But then recently I've had to like realize I need help more. It's like, I can't always give this guy a hard time. I need it. I need his, you know what I'm saying? Like, I can't always butt up against every wall, you know, because I'll just do that. It's just my nature. 'cause I don't want help a lot of times. Yeah. Yeah. Man, that shit has been, that's, That's a big, that's a big deal. Yeah. It's been getting better though, recently. Yeah. Even just like, just little things. I just started noticing it's getting a little bit better. And it's, and the irony is everything's been easier. Yeah. The more I let help come in. I think there's certain areas in my life, like with music, I've always kinda, I've been a good teammate.


I don't know why that is. You know, maybe I've just always liked the, I, I like the, the aspect of feeling like you're on a team, I guess. 'cause I played sports and stuff so much growing up, you know? Yeah. Like for me, I enjoy the comradery of making music with my buddies and doing all that stuff, you know? So I've always kinda enjoyed the, the, the help and the team aspect of that. But there's other areas in my life where I, I'm like you, where I'm like, I don't, you know, whatever. No, no, no. I'm good. Yeah. I'm good. Oh, that's My story. Yeah. So it's not, it doesn't, doesn't necessarily permeate throughout my entire life. It's just that one thing where I, I've been able to, to do that. So, yeah. Oh, dude. I'll be sitting in the damn bottom of a hole. There'll be a thousand people out there with rope, and I'll be like, I'm good.


Yeah. I'll find, I'll find one. Yeah. I'll find it. I'll Figure some. There's one down here, there's one down here somewhere. And they'll be up there and they're like, just, This dude's an idiot. Yeah. Yeah. You're damn right. I'm, but I'm, yeah, I'm proud of it too. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm proud of it. That's the best part. Is it tough in your life? I mean, dude, your music, it's like, it's just been such a wave that like, I mean, you couldn't travel around town without seeing every guy at a stoplight look like, you know, look like a Morgan Wallen look like a, like a, oh, hear your music everywhere, every store. Like, are there moments for you where it's like, God, this guy's gotta tone it. Like, it's like where it almost, where you become too much for you?


Like, is that ever, like, you don't, does that make any sense? Kind of. Yeah. No, it does. It's, it's still, it's still weird. And there's parts of that that I don't like. I mean, I think anybody who has to deal with that, it's not ideal. You know? It's not ideal to go everywhere. And even if you don't get, get, like, you know, bothered, you're, you, you were on edge the whole time because you thought you might, it's like, there's just not a lot of, not, there's, there's things that you just don't do. Yeah. Anymore. You just don't do 'em anymore. Yeah. You know? But that's okay. That's why, that's why I've taken up hunting so much. I think, you know, because I can go be with my buddies. I'm in the middle of nowhere. I can be at ease. I can not stress out. You just find ways to supplement it, I think, you know?


Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of funny that you can't, you can't really go to a bar anymore because there'd be too much hassle. And it's probably best thing for you. That's definitely the best thing for me. You know? I mean, if you, if you're using a bar as a specific example, that's definitely, that's definitely the best thing for me. I ain't been in a bar since, since, since the last time I was in a bar that everybody knows about. How is that? That feels like a bar right there. It does. I ain't been in a bar since the last song. It sounds like a old country song for sure, dude. But yeah, that's, that's, that's the most public time. I was in a bar last, that's the last time I was in a bar.


Dude. Have you seen those? There's an AI bar thing that makes country songs. There's one about a bar you got. See if you can pull it up. Trevin. Is it Good, Dude, it's pretty funny. Let me see. This shit kind of surprised me. One of 'em about, oh, it's the right one Kitchen and the second one right there with the guy and the lady in the truck. Yeah. Turn that up for a second. It's just ridiculous. Look, change it to whiskey and have Morgan Wallen sing it. That's the one of the number one comments. Hey, start it back over and just turn it up a little bit. We can't hear it, but this is just like AI made this, Woke up in the morning to crack myself a beer.


Then went down to the kitchen to grab myself a beer. Made myself Some breakfast, another beer. Of course. That's when my baby said to me, I won't get a, now I another beer so I can start Perfect Beer. That's good, man. But it's just crazy that AI wrote that. Like it's just, somebody just put it in and dude, AI is nuts, man. It's just making beer songs I was talking About to my mom about this morning. But that, that is, I mean, you know, could be a hit.


Hey, fucking, we're sitting here listening to it. Yeah.


Ready to win Real Money this March. Mania attorney struggling to choose which team will pull off an upset. Forget about the teams. All you need to focus on are players stats to rack up big cash prizes with DraftKings Pick six. And when it comes to massive payouts, DraftKings dunks all over the competition. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia. And more. Track your picks for a shot to win huge cash prizes. It's as simple as that. Yeah. I just put some picks in for the Florida Gators the other day. I had Alex k Don, and more than Seven Rebounds. And I had Walter Clayton Jr. And more than 14 and a half points. Download the DraftKings pick six app now and use code Theo. That's code THEO For new customers to play $5, get $50 and pick six credits. Better payouts, Bigger wins Only with Pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one eight hundred Gambler Help is available for problem gambling. Call eight eight eight seven eight nine seven seven seven seven Or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer Bonus awarded as non Withdrawable. Pick Six Credits that expire in fourteen days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


You know, I've been telling you about Moonpay for a while now, haven't I? You've heard me talk about the Moonpay app and for good reason. It's incredibly user-friendly for buying and selling crypto. But today I wanna share more about what makes Moonpay so great. Some people say that Moonpay is the PayPal of crypto, because just like you could use PayPal to buy anything on the internet, you can now use Moonpay to buy anything in crypto. Speaking of cool crypto apps, check out Vector one of Moonpay partners that is shaking things up in the meme coin world. With Vector, you can connect your X account and see what your friends are trading, making it a social experience. You can download Vector using Code Theo, and buy with Moonpay. Remember, while Moonpay makes buying crypto straightforward, it's important to do your own research and understand the risks involved. Crypto trading can be unpredictable and you could lose your investment. Moonpay is a tool to facilitate your transactions, not a source of financial advice. Trade responsibly.


Y'all been praying and manifesting and now the day has come to Call of Duty. War zone. SK is Back baby. That's right. The OG map, the one that raised you, the one where you took your first baby steps is making its return on April 3rd. Relive the chaotic heart-pounding moments from the original Vean SK experience. Legendary gunfights with classic weaponry. It's free to play freer than a hot dog at a homeless shelter. Baby. You can get it. So rally the squad, tell your boss you've got important business that day and get ready to drop in. Download Call of Duty, war Zone for free and drop into SK on April 3rd. Oh, and this is rated M for mature, so don't go blaming me if your little nephews or nieces log on and learn some new words. You know what I'm talking about. Bad words.


What? What do you li What what, what are you listening to Right now? Man, I think everybody asked that. That's a good question. I've been trying to find new stuff to listen to. I don't find a whole lot of new stuff to listen to. I've been listening to like old, I don mostly only listen to music if I'm driving or if I'm working out. That's about the only time I listen to music. Yeah. Which I do those things decent amount, you know, kind Of same man. That's kind of when I do it. Yeah. Steven Wilson. I've been listening to new Yeah, He's, he's good. He's Really good. He's a good, great lyricist. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's a special talent. That song about his, my father's son Hard. He played that one with him. God, that's Good. Yeah. That guy is really, really good. Zach Tops voice is really amazing. I Don't, I don't listen to country music a whole lot.


I think I've always kind of been that way. I know Zach, I know who Zach Top is, and I do agree. He's, he's very, he's very solid. Jesse Murph, big X, the plug. You've heard that song that Uhuh No, They have a collab. That's pretty dope. That's Cool. Yeah, It's good. She's great. Me and me and Big X. We almost did a song, but I don't know, I didn't, I I actually sent him a song and he didn't finish it, so I don't know. That's on him, I guess. I don't know what he was doing. He Was in jail. Did he? I think so. For what? Not not a long time. Not long enough not. I went to jail too, man. Hey, if you behind bars, write a couple. Yeah. I'm saying, nah, it was kind of spur of the moment thing though.


I, I got a song on my record called Miami, and I haven't heard that one yet. They sent me a couple of the songs. Did they? Yeah. It's Miami. It's like a, it's a, it's a Keith Whitley flip. So it's like a old, you know, Miami. Miami. That song. Have you ever heard that Miami Miami, what took you so long? I don't. You never recall? Oh, no. I've never seen this. People talk about Keith Whitley, That's like, that's one of his like, bigger type songs, I guess. But we flipped it and turned it into more of like a, it's a little more like rap style, but it's cool, man. I like it. Yeah, it's cool. It, it seemed like it could use a, a wrapper on there. It, I didn't end up using a feature. We ended up just making a second verse.


But it's, it's one of those songs where I could, it wouldn't be surprising if we got like a remix and did that. Yeah. You know what I mean? Once it's out and all that stuff. What you, you're famous, like, you got, you had this whole tan, like these different walkouts that you did over the years. Right. Really fun. And thanks for letting me be part of the one in Nashville. Yeah. Yeah. What would, do you have a favorite one that kind of stood out to you and no judgment in of 'em? What was it? I mean, Kneeling Stadium. Stadium is, oh yeah. You know, that's my home. That's where I grew up Watching things and put those pads On. Peyton. That one was really good. The baseball team one we did was really good too. But that Peyton one, that was, that was one of the, you know, it's hard to beat anything that happened those two nights at that stadium.


I find myself just being like, yeah. That's, that's pretty. Those, those are like the, you know, some of the best memories I've had. Yeah. Oh yeah. With shows so sick. He's So ridiculous. He came out looking like he was actually about to go play with his facial expressions and stuff. Hey, I think half the, the boosters wanted to sign some, some boosters. I think we're trying to holler at him, Probably. Hey man, you got another year of eligibility. We'll find something out. Yeah, man. That was special, dude. So cool. Yeah. I mean, the walkouts are, they're just the energy that comes from those that just could last you, I mean, maybe not the entire show, but it'll last you a while, you know, and then once you get out there and compound the energy that comes along with the actual show, it's just, it's a, it's a rush.


Oh yeah. Yeah. There's that coach right there that we put that water on. Yeah. Hype. Yeah. Oh, he's th and he's big thugging, right? He Was. Dude. What else has hap So you have your fe the, the first time you're gonna play your new album will be at Sand In My Boots Fest. I'll play some of my album there. Okay. You know, the album comes out on the 16th. I play on the 18th. I'll probably, I'll play some of the new stuff. That's a, that's another thing, man. It's hard to, it's hard picking set list at this point too. Oh. You know, that gets real tricky. Do you do that yourself? Do you kind of organize it? Yeah, me and me and my band do it together.


You know, it's a lot of, it's a lot of it's data driven, you know, 'cause you can see, you know, which songs people, the majority of people want to hear. Like, oh yeah, you're always gonna miss somebody's favorite song. You're probably gonna miss my favorite song. You know, in, in some, in some sets. Just trying to figure out a way this year since I'm, you know, I'm only playing 20 shows, so probably if I can try to figure out a way to not play the same set list all the time, you know. 'cause last year I interchanged a, a couple, but I think it's gonna be, I'm gonna make a bigger effort to try to make the set list different for at least each night.


You know, maybe not every single show be a different set list, but like, night one, night two. Yeah. 'cause we're playing two nights in each place. So night, you know, trying to separate the two nights as far as music goes should be, should be interesting. 'cause we've never done that before. We would, we would always just do like, maybe change one or two songs, you know, I'm thinking maybe a little more than that. So I Like that. Yeah. That way if he wanted to come for both nights too, they couldn't hear different stuff too. Yeah. And A lot of people already do come both nights, so that'd be nice for them too, you know? Yeah. There's really no way to do it perfectly. Somebody's gonna be disappointed or you know, at any, at any point, oh, he didn't play this song or he didn't play that song, but trying our best. I'm not gonna play for four hours either. So, you know. Yeah. You gotta keep it within reason.


We gotta meet in the middle guys. Yeah. Yeah. I'll do my best. Like, I don't wanna sing for four hours, you know, I, I two hours about maybe a little longer, two hours. But You put it on, man, I, I like my show. Like, I'll be out there for maybe about an hour and 15 minutes is probably the sweet spot for me to be on stage, I think with a comedian where they're just, 'cause we don't have any backup instruments, so people are like, fuck somebody tapping a violin or something with this bastard. You know? People get a little bit tired of it. Yeah, yeah. But I can't, and that burns me out, man. I used to do two shows, now I only do one a night, but I can't imagine. Oh, You used to do two shows in one night. Yeah. Back to back. Yeah. When you first started as a com. I think I remember you telling me that. Yeah. I think like, even whenever I first came to town, you guys came one night and, and saw me over at Zas man.


Yeah. Yeah. That was cool. Yeah. And you came and did my podcast Early man. And that helped me. It helped gimme some just support in the community. So I appreciate, I Didn't even realize it was early. 'cause to me, I'd been listening to you for like a little while, you know? Yeah. So I already knew you and knew your, knew about you and knew your story and everything. So it wasn't like, Hey come do this weird new guy's podcast. I already knew who you were so, Well it's just support, you know, it was nice to have some support right when I got into town, so I appreciate That. Yeah, yeah. No, I'm glad. I'm glad we got to do it, man. Damn. That was in 2020. Was it really? God Dang bro. Doesn't look how happy you were. I think I got, and I'm joking, dude. We both look happy as some pictures we picked. I look like I'm in pain. You look like you just came from the dentist. I look so white.


Yeah, I think we had some, we had bad lighting then. Golly, we Bought some better lights. Look at Pasty boy. What, what's up with the free time now? So you go hunting, where do you guys like to go? Well, I all over the place, man. I, I got a farm outside of town that we, that we've been, you know, planting and Oh, I think I saw some deer out there getting, getting all the agriculture right. I don't think you've been to my farm, have you? Oh no. I've never just been to your house. Yeah. Yeah. You've just been to my house, I believe. But yeah, so we got, we got deer and turkeys down there. Oh yeah. So that's, that's pretty much what it's geared towards. It's a really good, we, we bought it, it was already a really good Turkey farm.


And then we've just been adding a lot of the agriculture and all that stuff to try to make it a better deer farm. What makes a good setup like that? Like what's the best way to make it set up where it's challenging to the hunter, but also like, I mean, it's always gonna be challenging when deer hunting. Just, you know, because you only get to kill two, two bucks in a, in a season in a state, you know? So you're not, you're not just gonna go out there and shoot everything you see. Oh. You know what I mean? Like, you, you may let a really good deer walk because you're trying to get a better, you know, that there's a better deer in the area or you believe there's a better deer in the area. You know, like we have cameras and stuff now, so we can kind of take inventory on stuff. But you're not, you don't, I think people, I don't know what people think about hunting, but like, you don't just go out there and just massacre animals, you know what I mean?


Like, you're not out there with a handgun or nothing. No, but I mean, it's, it's interesting. I mean the main thing is food, you know, food embedding. That's, that's really all, that's what, those are the two main things that you need to have a good hunting farm. Okay. As long as you got their, the, the type of bedding that they want and preferably the type of food that they want, then you're gonna keep those deer on your farm. 'cause they ain't gonna, they don't need to leave to go find either one of those. Right. They're happy. So they'll stay in their home range and they'll stay there and you can grow 'em. You know, like we don't want to, you at least try to get 'em to be five years old and that's, that's minimum that what we want to do. You know, depending on where you're at in the country, people will let 'em get older.


It's, it's a little different I think depending on your land, depending. 'cause you know, like if you, if you spend all this time and money and then you got your neighbor who, if your deer walks across to their property line, they might shoot it before you, you were planning on shooting it. So, you know, it's, it's a little bit of a, it can be a little bit of a game. So there can be property, beef, property line beef like that. Oh Yeah. There's all kinds of that going on. Damn. I didn't do that. Yeah, there's a lot of hunting property, line beef. And what about reindeer? Do you ever see reindeer out there or? No, I ain't personally came across one. My son did just get a reindeer call and one of my, one of my buddies from, from Alabama made him a, a reindeer call. No Wait for Christmas.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, it's hilarious. It was cool, bro. You got to use that with him. That's pretty cool. Imagine that dude, you're a kid and you think it was a nice reindeer call You're bringing in Santa dude. Yeah. He thinks he's, that's what he's doing. I mean, that's, that would be, I, I don't even think he's actually tried it. Like he, I guess that was probably last, last Christmas. So he's just, he's came, he's just got a lot of new interests and stuff this year. So I think I, I was, I came home this This Past Weekend and I was working on my Turkey call just in my mouth, you know? And he, he was trying to like, mimic me stuff. It was, it was hilarious. He's just screaming basically. Is it fun to watch him kind of grow?


Like what has it been interesting, is there moments where you see him learn something and you almost see him learn it? Like does that kind of happen? Yeah, it's cool. Like, I, I've been working on him on how to catch and stuff, you know, I've just been using like a, a soft basketball that I, I've got one of those, you know, just basketball goals. You hang up on the door and Oh yeah. There's just so much fun when you're a Kid. So fun. I, I use it more than him still. Yeah. He's like, you're just making him rebound. I, I just, yeah, I, every time I'm on a phone I'll just put my headphones in and just start shooting for like 30 minutes since it's been cold. Especially. Yeah. But yeah, just, you know, when I first, when we first started, he couldn't do it. And then, you know, a couple weeks later he is like catching and, you know, you, he can catch a bounce pass now.


You know, it's just like, just seeing those things progress in such a short period of time is cool. Does it make you have a different appreciation for your own dad or is it adjust to y'all's relationship? Any, you think? Is that a weird question to ask? No, it's not a weird question. I, I think, yeah, I, I, I think it probably does, you know, I mean, me and my dad, we butted heads a lot growing up. Especially once I got to high school. Just 'cause I was, I was you, were you, I was kind of ridiculous. And I think he was kind of ridiculous when he was that age, when he was that age too. So he was just trying to, Hey, don't be like me when I was that age. You know? Like I know what this turns, I know how this ends usually. So we just butted heads. I didn't, you know, you don't believe anything your parents say when you're that age. No. It's the last person you wanna believe.


It's so crazy. It's Not even possible. I, I, it wasn't possible in my head to believe that. That's crazy to think now I'm like, damn, they were right. But in my head it was not physically possible to think that they could be. Right. Yeah. It just wasn't, it's Kind of crazy 'cause like, oh, these two people that love me and care about me and raised me this far, they're trying To ruin my life. They're trying to ruin my Life. Yeah. That's what you think It's wow. Oh totally. It's, it's, it's insane really. But that's what I thought. But yeah, I mean after, you know, I moved out and once I really, once I think I got moved down here to Nashville, that's when we, we became even closer. Yeah. Closer than ever. 'cause I moved here pretty young, you know, I was 22 when I moved here. Yeah. And Almost been here 10 years coming up.


So it's, I think just having that space and then just being able to used to get older too, you know, and just, Oh, that's the biggest thing. You're like, oh shit, none that other shit even matter What I'm doing. Yeah. Trying to help like, yeah, you made, maybe you could've went about it a little different or whatever, you know? Yeah. But like, the intentions were right. Yeah. I mean I just got spend time with my mom is like a lot of my life. It's like I'm waiting for my mom to like show me certain attention or affection or something. The other night we're just sitting there, we're watching at the Opry and she went there like 40 years ago or something, you know, and, and I'm like, it's kind of stupid, but I just reached over and grabbed my mom's hand, you know? 'cause sometimes I, it's like, it's not about me being a kid anymore, it's just about me being, she's an older woman now. So it's like, let me just be an adult and almost act like I'm the parent, you know?


I'm not the parent now, but let me, I dunno, it's an old part of me, like a child, part of me would like, oh man, it's my brother. I wish my mom would, you know, pat me on it, but just do something, you know, show me a little bit of love or something. But then I just grabbed her hand and then we just watched it together and it was like, me kind of, I don dunno, it was a little moment for me where I was like, I'm not gonna be that old grudge. I'm just gonna move forward. You know? That's Cool. Yeah. But it was just interesting. Or just, or just to get my mom a hug while we're sitting there, you know, just like, yeah. You know, me and my Mom, my mom always, we always had like a super, super good relationship. She was always loving and stuff, you know? So I, I just, I felt all that from my mom. But me and my dad, you know, like I said, we butted heads. So it was more of just getting past that phase in my life. But for, I didn't once, it was, once that phase was over, it was over Right.


To me. Yeah. You know, I wasn't, I don't, I don't have any sort of hard feelings towards it. Oh yeah, dude, your dead is so funny, dude. Right. When I see him, I, I, my face just fucking smiled. I, I just, me too. He just energetic. He, You chipper, you said he was chipper. That's the right word for him. And he's been fasting for like 700 days, Dude. Yeah. I, I don't at this point, I don't know. Oh, I would, he ain't fasting. He ain't fasting Right now. I've been seeing this man eat during, during this trip. He's been down here. He ain't fasting. Don't let him lie to you. Because I've been basically, I've been, you know, eating clean and stuff, trying to get ready for tour and all that. And they're, you know, bribing me with all these hamburgers and stuff. I'm like, man, go cook at somewhere else. What, what about motorcycling?


You, you, you got a motorcycle. I remember last time saw you, you were talking about, did you get one? Yeah, I got It. Oh, you have a Harley hat on today? I do. Yeah. Gang, gang. That's a nice deal. Let's go baby. It's a, I got this off some like vintage thing. Yeah. That's tough dude. Yeah man. I, I enjoy it. You do? Yeah. Which I, I kind of had ridden dirt bikes and stuff a little bit, you know, enough to understand my way around a bike already. Right. So me and Cody and TD and a few of, few other of us, few others, we all got bikes. Look At that shit. I'll buy the cologne. Whatever they're selling right there. It does look like that. It really does. Huh? Exhaust by Morgan.


Wallace Exhaust. See that would Smells like a fart. That wouldn't be a bad cologne though, dude. Smells like Morgan Wallen farts, man. What if you had, you had a blow to start that day. What if you had a fucking one of those breath things On? I'm surprised. I don't, I'm surprised I Has anybody Ever had a motorbike that has that on it? I'm sure they have. I'm surprised I don't have that on every vehicle. I've got shout out to Davidson County. Sorry Man. That's hilarious. Nah, that's it's a picture man. That looks nice dude. Thanks man. But, but you get out there, you, it just, I like it 'cause it's like you got your helmet on.


Nobody knows who you are. Who knows who you are. You get out there, you gotta focus on it too. You gotta be, you ain't on your phone, you know, you ain't doing anything else. You just thinking about what you gotta do on that bike. Yeah. So I, I enjoy that aspect of it a lot. You like, at least me, I physically can't do anything else other than, you know, think about what's going on on this bike. Be locked in. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I like that aspect of a lot. You know, you'll be riding and, and all of a sudden it's five hours have gone by and you just don't realize that really that that happened. Yeah. Damn. I gotta get out there sometime. I'm just so bad. I'm bad at being in motion. Well, that might not be for you then. Yeah, I'm better. I'm better. What do you mean? Wait, what do you mean keep going? I'm bad at just like being in motion and having to think at the same time.


I'm more of a stop and think, Well Then move. What Do you, what are we thinking about though? Just any, whatever the next thing has to be. It's just hard for me. Like I get, I just, I think Well, you can just be in the back of the line though then. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be in The back. You can, you can just follow us. Yeah. Yeah. I would be a good, yeah, I don't wanna be at the front. Okay. Yeah. Or the middle. The middle's probably the safest anyway. You can be in the middle because you're protected in the back. You're protected in the front. You don't have to make any decisions. You just follow the decisions. Yes. That's where I need to be. Then I don, yeah. I, you should take what's Harry? You should go take Harry's motorcycle class. That's who we took our class from. Really? He was cool. Is it good? Yeah. I mean, I learned things I didn't know. Yeah. And, you know, oh God was, it wasn't easy necessarily either.


You know, there was things that, that were challenging. Do Y'all go in a pack when y'all go out there? I've ridden a couple times by myself, but I would have somebody following me, you know, like my security or just anyone. But we mostly just ride, at least in groups of two. Yeah. A lot of times. Groups of four. That's tough, man. Y'all, I'll, maybe I'll have to get out there. I gotta pray about that. I Don Yeah. I don't want to, don't let me. I'm not influencing you at all. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Thank You. Just, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't wanna be out there just like, listen, I'm The Problem. You just getting the sidecar. Me and You right? A little German sidecar. Yeah, dude. Your cousin Andrew and I are friends, man. Yeah, he's a CLA dude.


He is. Okay. Your family is funny, dude. You guys are, We've got a lot of characters in our family. That's what you had, dude. Even when, I remember when you first told me, I met you about your Uncle David or something. You No uncle. Come to your holidays, uncle. Oh yeah. And then just different people you would tell me and then getting to meet your dad and then, yeah, Andrew and I become friends over the years. He's, he's hilarious dude. Yeah, He definitely is hilarious. Went fishing with him. He fucked dude. That dude will, he'll put a damn, he'll start fishing anywhere. Oh yeah. You pass by a chase bank. And he'll, he'll cast over there and put a, whatcha Trying to catch man Frog Top on there? Just 'cause there's a bank. Yeah. He, he'll catch a damn, he'll catch a safe deposit box over there. 12 pound brother. Oh God.


But he, dude, he's just good. He took us out to some property. Him and Ben Weber, I think is the guy's name. Yeah. Ben. Yeah. And, and we had a blast, man. But he's good. Where'd Y'all go to Hol Wall? No, we went to Oh, you went to Ease. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We went to Ease. And it was cool though. I hadn't been there. God, that's beautiful. That place is immaculate. God. Yeah. That was good, man. You Got some big fish in there. It's a, a beautiful spot, man. But does he hunt with you? Does he hunt? Does Andrew Hunt with you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Some He does. Yeah. I like, I like hunting with him, you know, he works for Field and Stream, so he travels a lot doing, doing that job, which I think is a really good job for him. He loves it, man. Yeah. So, yeah, he's talented, but he's hilarious, dude.


That's been, I, I, We all keep telling him like, he should have his own YouTube channel or something. Really Should, man, just A series of some sort. And this, the things that happened to that guy. I'm like, dude, I don't know how this has occurred to you, but you know, the world deserves to hear this. Yeah. That's the, okay brother, The world deserves to share in your pain that you're dealing with Right now. Yeah. Because The things that happened to him are just unbelievable, man, Bro, he's just such a good story. He, yeah, he's a bro. He has been getting to know him has been a gift man. Yeah. He, he is a, a true, he's a treasure man. He really, he's a national treasure. He's A very treasure Too.


I think. I, I mean I really, he is buried at Right now. We keep, I mean, no, he's great. Maybe he'll take this and he'll watch this clip and go start his channel, you know? He's entertained. Yeah, man. He's just entertaining. He iss E 2D to be around and Yeah, that field and stream job with him is perfect. And he could do both. He could have that job and do, you know, that could almost be, Or find way to put 'em together, but you couldn't. That's what I'm saying. It could be part of the same thing. You couldn't find a guy that's more perfect for that. Has there been something nice that you kind of got yourself as a gift that you started, you know, feeling like you were doing pretty well and Mm, I mean, A trip you took or anything? Yeah, I mean, I, I'm, I used to be probably a little more frugal than, than I am Right now.


Yeah. Same. I don't like, I don't like going to get stuff because I don't like shopping for stuff too. Yeah. I'm trying to think if there's anything that I was just really splurge out on. You know, I got a couple watches and just things like that, but, and then I got a couple nice cars. I mean, I don't, I don't feel like I'm over the top big spender guy. Yeah. You know, and a lot of times What, what was your first car? Do you remember it? Yeah, it was a Jeep Cherokee. Was it really? Dude, I got a fricking Jeep Cherokee dude. You do Right now In Los Yeah, in Los Angeles. Have a car there. It's got like only 12,000 miles on it. Oh. This thing had a lot more than 12,000 miles on it. Really? Yeah. It was a white Jeep, grand Cherokee.


I think it was a 95 if I'm, if I'm remembering correctly. Dude, I, I like those cars. It was not a bad car. I mean, it wasn't, whoever had it, it wasn't the most, it was like that right there. That's exactly what it looked like. God, those bitches were tough, dude. That's exactly what it looked like. Yeah. I had them Ford Escort 84 Ford Escort. Pull that bitch up, dude. If they'll even allow you, sometimes Google won't let you look at 'em anymore. And bitches are visually outlawed. Oh, that shit here, bro. That shit will cross. It'll remodel your eye line when you look at that bitch. Dude. God damn, that bitch looks horrible. I hadn't looked at it in a few years. I could. I mean, yeah, that's pretty bad.


Yeah, especially that one on the right, that blue one. God dude, that one pulled up. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh. And barely pulled up. That fish pulled up slow, dude. It's, and It's got a two cylinder in it. Probably. It had a fucking well outboard motor engine engine. You had to steer it like with the reverse way. Like, like you had to do a John boat. Yeah, They've a boat motor in it. Steer steered it from the back And dude, somebody stole my passenger seat in that bitch. Really? Yeah. So if you had some, Was it only a two seater anyway?


No, it had three extra little seats in the back. Oh, okay. Okay. But they weren't even a bench. It was three individual little bitty seats. Take Three booster seats right there. You either had to have three kids that were triplets, I guess, or a couple small buddies. But somebody had stole my damn passenger seat. Dude, Did you ever get it back? Uhuh, Somebody were eating at a Burger King and somebody stole that bitch out of there. And, but then people had, people had to get in, they get in the car, but they couldn't sit right there. Dude, I'll tell you this. Did you put a couple blankets down or something, or what? I don dunno, whatever, dude. But the one time I picked up a dude, I was getting him to buy me alcohol at a gas station.


I was skipping the school and he got in this kind of homeless kind of guy and he got in and instead of sitting in the back, he just got on his knees right there at the passenger side. So I'm driving and he's just, he He was your friend? I didn't know him. No, he is, oh. Like a guy who I gave him money to buy me alcohol. Oh, okay. So, but anyway, I don't know why I'm telling you all this. I just cleaned out my car. Actually, I did not. That's not true. I just, I'm gonna clean it out though. I am gonna clean it out this year for sure.


I look what I'm talking about is spring cleaning and it's time to clean it all up. That's where Manscaped beard and balls bundle comes in. You spent all winter looking like a Louisiana Swamp Pasam who just went through a bad divorce Baby, it's time to tighten up Chief. Nothing says I'm back, baby. Like just catering around your balls, baby. Grab the beard and balls bundle from Manscaped and get yourself right. They have all in one grooming with the beard Hedger, customizable trimming with 20 adjustable settings. Don't cut corners on your grooming routine. Upgrade to the Beard and balls bundle from Manscaped. Visit Manscaped dot com and use code Theo to get 20% off plus free shipping. Or if you need it today, you can find Manscaped at a store near you. Stay fresh this season for everyone's sake. Level up your grooming game today.


Lemme tell you something chaotic that happened one time with podcast and we, jelly Roll was here and we hadn't charged the batteries for the audio recorders and they gave up halfway through it. And so yeah, we lost about half of an episode there.


But life in general can be chaotic. You know that, especially if you're in charge of order fulfillment from an e-commerce business. You know, that's its own special kind of chaos. But with ShipStation, you can count on your day to day remaining calm. You never need to upgrade. ShipStation grows with your business no matter how big it gets. It's the fastest, most affordable way to ship products to your customers. With discounts up to 88% off. Wow. Calm the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to ShipStation dot com and use code Theo to sign up for your free trial. That's ShipStation dot com code. Theo,


today's episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. Let's talk about numbers, shall we? Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from 100 to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. That's right. With BetterHelp, you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and on time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you work with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress. With over 30,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash t to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/theo.


So you got the new album coming out. Does it feel, is there a moment where you feel that the album is finished? Is there a moment where you're like, I just can't, this is far enough. Could you keep going on an album and like, could you keep fine tuning it forever? Yes, For sure. Yeah. So that's a real possibility. You can overdo it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, The powers that be will give you a deadline if you want certain things to happen. You know, like, do you want your vinyl to come to be out to, to be ready by when the record's ready? You know, things like that. So you kinda, they put a, you know, they give you a buffer 'cause they know you're not gonna have it in time. They got a buffer for the buffer they got, they got like a eight week buffer I think that they put on me.


But those time, those time limits are, are healthy I think. You know, because especially, I mean, it's not like we wasn't working, I mean, we worked really hard on this album pretty much since tour was over I've been writing and you know, just recording all that. So I mean, we recorded 50 or 51 songs and cut 13 or 14. Wow. Really? Yeah. Yeah. So what happens to a lot, you just kind of decide this doesn't fit here Right now? Or you might Hold Yeah, some of the songs were songs that I wrote. Some of 'em weren't. So if I didn't write 'em then they'll just, whatever happens to 'em, not up to me anymore. And then if I did, you know, who knows?


I might make a side project of something if, you know, if something that has nothing to do with my name, I've always kind of wanted to do that anyway, you know? Yeah. Just kind of figure out a way to, it wouldn't be my voice. It wouldn't, I don't know how you would do that. I, I'm sure there's all kinds of ways to go about it now, you know, these days, but, oh yeah. But it not be my name, not my voice, not be any kind of style of music that I, that I normally do. You know, just to see what happens to it. Yeah. It might be like house music or something, you know? I Don't know. Oh, I'd be pretty sick, dude. Yeah, dude. If you had house music, I mean, people would, if they saw my name on it, they would, I don't want it to have my name on it. Right. I wanna just see what happens if it just gets put out into the world, oh, what?


You know, maybe I'll like put it on a story or something, whoever it is, you know, dream jacker or whatever the team is, but whatever the name of the guy is, Dude. Wet Dream Jacker. That'd be mine. Dream jacking currently. I mean, I, we were talk, me and my buddies were talking about this topic the other day, actually. And I don't know, it might actually happen. I'm Putting out something secret. Low key. Yeah. Creating something. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I bet. 'cause that's an interesting thing. It's like, once you kind of have made a name in one space, it's kind of hard. You can't, you know, you almost have, if you wanna get a real test of what people think of something, you kind of have to secretly do it some other way.


Yeah. But it wouldn't, it wouldn't even be similar to the type of music that I totally understand. That it would be nothing even close to what I'm doing now. It would be like, I, I mean, I like, I like house music a little bit. Yeah. So I'll listen to it working out or driving or stuff, you know, like melodic stuff. I like melodic Stuff. Like that kind of stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like, But I feel like a lot of that stuff doesn't necessarily have a lot of words and stuff, you know? So maybe what if I took a song of mine that didn't make my album, but it's got a story. Yeah. It's got all these things, you know, what if, what would, would people like that? I don't know, Dude, I thought this, I thought started thinking this about two years ago. So they have like, ed, you go to these nightclubs and stuff and they'll have like John Summit, these different kind of guys who are playing like house, like Trance or whatever, whatever it is.


It's just people doing dope really late at night and just doing like this, you know, whatever that is. I don't know the difference between all of those styles of music. It's like, it's one style of music. I know there's sub genres and all that, but Yeah, Same. I don't have a clue, but I'm always like, why don't they have a co like a more like country or like, why is it always like, if they had remixes of a lot of great country music like that and you put it to that same type of shit that, 'cause a lot of people wanna still go have that environment, but I don't, sometimes you get tired of that music, it just gets kind of old. So if they had remixes, some dope country shit, I'm like, if they had two country DJs that came out like a, I feel like it would be so sick just doing remixes and shit. Yeah. It would be cool. I'm surprised they don't have that already. Me too.


Me and Kayla Presley try thought about trying to do it, but then it was just like, just don't have a lot of time, you know? And that becomes something too. It's like, there's things you wanna do and you just don't have enough time, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And that's, it's smart for you to realize that. I mean, it'll be like, well, I'm gonna quit my job. It pays all my bills and, you know, go be a Mason. It's like, well, maybe don't do that. Yeah. So, yeah, Under Just Fucking remix it. Fucking Brooks and Dunn before you go, man. You have some, you have some amazing artists that are gonna be on some of these tour dates with you. Yeah, I do. Did you have to call them individually and ask them? How'd that kind of go?


Because some of these are idols really in the industry, you know? Well, I feel, I'm, you know, Miranda, I'm, I'm good friends with Miranda. I'm good. I'm good friends with Brooks and Dunn, So that was pretty easy. Yeah. I mean that, that there was already mutual interest and that's something that's kind of been a conversation for a little bit longer than just, you know, this year. So that one kind of just worked itself out between them and my, and my managers. I'm good friends with Thomas ett as well. So that one, they were all just, He's nice, huh? He's Super nice. God, what a nice guy. He lives nearby, I think. Yeah, I think you're right. It just all kind of happened pretty naturally. But I mean, it's unbelievable to me. You know, like, I haven't really, this, this page that's pulled up.


I mean, just to see the people that are, that are opening for me, it's like, it doesn't even make sense. You know, Miranda, Ella Langley, she's a new Yeah. She's a badass Or she's newly more popular. Yeah. I'm not gonna say she's new. I don't know about her history. I, I don't either, but I, but Miranda, Corey, Kent, I'm not familiar with him. Yeah. If it's a man, it Is. Yeah. He's good too. I'm have to check him out. Yeah. Ann Wilson, she's, she's a, a Christian artist by trait, but she's, you know, dabbling in the country music world. She's, she's really good, you know, she's on our, she's on our agency, so she is. Yep. Yep. You started off to check her out.


Oh, Gavin Acocks out there with, he's That fucking Guy. Wild dude. I love that guy, man. Aw dude. Yeah. I, He's walking like, I see he'll eat a fucking, he'll eat a damn three pack. I I saw him meet a three pack of beers. He probably did. Oh, he'll eat fucking two beers, dude. Yeah. He doesn't give a damn dude. He played offensive line for Bud Light for a couple years, I think. There is nobody like him, dude. Fucking, He, he's definitely outlandish. Oh, he'll Be on One. What, what are those things? Those military, what are those? Res or whatever? He just got beer in there, Dude. He'll walk in. But he, he's he entertaining.


He got, he's entertaining. He's got, he's got a good voice too. And his, his music seems like he's just keeps getting better too. So I'm, I'm happy for him, man. I gotta tap in more than I saw him play with Kid Rock and them on his, one of his shows last year. Dude, I'll say this. Bob Richie, his live performance dude. No, he'll, he, he'll let him have it, won't he? Bro, it, I was fucking, I mean, I know, you know, but I didn't, it was good, Bro. I've never seen it person like, firsthand, but it was really, I, I can imagine. I mean, I Knew it would be, but it's just been some time, you know, it's hard to keep up, you know? I mean, being out there for two hours, I mean, you guys get dr I mean, it, it, it's a lot man. It is man. It can be for sure. I mean, depends on how often you do it too, you know.


I mean, if you're doing it, some people I guess still do it three, three nights a week. I'm just, I'm just gonna do it too, because it feels like a disservice to, to me and everyone else to do it three days in a row, you know? Yeah. But two, two seems like a good sweet spot. You can, as long, you know, you play the show, probably don't go to bed till three, four in the morning just 'cause you're so wound up. Yeah. You're up. People are visiting. You gotta say bye to everybody, all that shit. Well, I don't do all that anymore much, but if your family's there and stuff, yeah. But even still, they know what the priorities are at this point. So if I, if I play a show, you'll head out, which my boy if, if my boy's with me, he'll be asleep already anyway. So I'll just, we head straight out, don't stick around.


I try to go to bed as soon as possible. Usually, like I said, don't have until three or four, then you try your best to sleep till noon. One, two, as late as you possibly can. Yeah. Just 'cause your voice after doing all that, you know, you need all that rest. So it's a, it's become a little bit more like a, a regimen for me, which is, which is good. You know, I got a, a vocal coach and all that stuff too now. So it's just like, it's like a whole boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. This is how it is now, you know? And that seems to help me a lot. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of interesting. When I was a little younger, I could do those, I could do, you know, some of the stretches and now I'm like, I don't, I wish I, when I do see 'em on the schedule, it's a little bit tougher. Not comparing comedy in, in what, you know. No, But you're, I mean, it is, I mean, it's a similar Thing.


It's still the same thing. It's like a regimen. It's like, yeah, I gotta sleep in late. And it's like, well that kind of sucks. 'cause now it's like, it's kind of hard if you wake up at 10 to go back to sleep for two more hours because it's light out. It's really hard. It's hard. But, you know, you need that two or more hours of sleep. Otherwise I'm gonna be edgy, you know, and I won't be able to man, I might not wanna go work out. Just all the little things like Yeah, it does. It is, it's important because It's just about getting yourself back on the stage for that next, that when it's time to go, it's time to go, go. Yeah. I mean, back in the day, I mean, which we weren't playing two hour shows back then either, you know, but we would play six, six shows in one week, you know. So I don't know how, I mean, it just had to be young, I guess, you know? I mean, it wasn't like we were, it wasn't, no, the only regiment then was sleep till four, start drinking at five.


You know what I mean? Like, that's what it was then. And we gonna be good. Ain't that right, Bro? Hell yeah. That's a Gavin Cock national anthem right there. Yeah. I think if I think back in the day, if, if I had a camera on me, like, like Cock does now, they might, they might be, they would be probably saying some simpler stuff about me, but he, he's a little more, he's a little more bold with it, I guess, than I was. Well He's really, yeah, he's, oh dude, he's fucking, he'll be on stage people. I think there's a, he's like, people are throwing fucking beers. He just has beers bouncing off Of him. Yeah. He's an animal dude. He'll be like the PA system shut down. But we going to still fucking perform. He just yell.


He just, he'll hollow out a beer can and just yell out of it and shit. He's fucking doing all kind of Shit. He is ballsy, dude. His personality's cool. He's a fun guy. Very entertaining. I gotta tap into more of his music. I haven to listen to a lot of his. Yeah, you Need to get him on here. Yeah. I do need to, people say they would look alike a little bit, but I think they're just being nice to me. To you To you or him? Well, one of us. One of us. Dude. Oh yeah. You got your drink here, man. You brought this today. That real tea. How's it Going? Real tea, man. It seems to be, seems to be progressing nicely. It's good. I like it. I like it on ice better.


Yeah, brother. But I've always liked sweet tea. Better on ice. But I mean, you know, 'cause I've been, I'm trying to eat and live and drink and all that stuff clean. So for something that's actually, you know, healthy, it's, it's good. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. For sure. I like it. I like having a nice little can of tea or something. I'll keep a couple in the car. I'll drink 'em warm even. Do you? Yeah. I'll get a whole when Emmy at a stoplight. Yeah. I don't do all that. You don't? No. My, my drummer told me one time he had drank like, I can't remember how many, you know, like 13 or something in the ungodly in a short amount of time. Said, damn man, you are gonna have kidney stones for sure. Hey dude, that's, well, maybe he'll have a band, a cover band of the Rolling Stones, and it's called Kidney Stones.


It's the rolling Kidney Stones. Is there a song sometimes of your own that you'll listen to or one that catches sometimes and it'll kind of catch you in your feels a little bit? Is there anyone that you're like, I mean, yeah, the song, the song I wrote to my son is, is the song. Oh, the one that's not out yet? Yeah. That does that. It'll be out soon, but, okay. I mean, it's also one of those things to where, you know, I've tried so many times to write a song like that for him, and it always fell flat. So I'd listen to it on the way home or whatever after we wrote it, and I'd be like, that's, that's good. You know? But it's not, it's not how I want it. And I also didn't want to write like a song to him. That was all, I don't know, sappy and slow and, you know, just like what you would expect a dad's son song to be, you know?


Oh, I, I wish you wouldn't grow up, you know, all that. Like, I didn't want it to be that I wanted another Birthday cast. Yeah. It's like, I didn't want that song at all. That song's been written plenty enough. So, and I wanted it to keep, like, have a little bit of my, my sound and my swag and just like, and to be honest, you know, so it was a hard thing to try to get all those things wrapped up into one song and with, it's called Superman is what it's called. And I feel like we accomplished that. And when I was, when we wrote it and I was riding home, it was actually the last song that made my record. So it's not like I've had it for a long time, you know? Right. It took us a while to, to get that song. And it was actually Blake, one of my buddy Blake's.


It was his idea. And the hook was different though. It said Superman. I don't remember what the hook was exactly, but I was just singing it and I was like, oh, I know, I know what it is. And I changed, I changed the hook and it, like, it made it, it was like, oh, there it is. Unlocked it. And we all, all three of us in were four of us in the room just kind of was like, oh yeah, that's it. Ah. You know? And then on the way home I was listening to it and started crying. And that's the first time I had that it happened with a song for him. Aw. So that's, I kind knew. You knew. Yeah. That's cool, man. Yeah, man. I, there's one thing I've al I've always thought you had very good instincts, man. I've always admired your instincts, you know? Thank you. Whether it's humor, we're joking around.


Whatever you, you're fucking sharp, dude. You're a sharp fucking guy. And yeah, it's been, I appreciate you just supporting my podcast and you know, it's nice of you and thanks for all the great music, man. That one about the mom. Oh, I wrote the book. Oh yeah. Damn that one. Sometimes that's One of my favorite still If I'm driving home at night or something, I'll listen to that one dude, you know, that's a good one. That one like kind of puts me in a good spot, you know? Yeah, I like that one too, man. Yeah. And what's the one about the mom? You talking about my mom? Yeah. Thought you should know. Yeah, that one. Yeah. God, that one. God damn dude, I pull over and cry sometimes. Do you really? I will. I'm like, fuck you can't cry and drive you little bitch.


I'll, this goes back to what you're talking about, thinking and motion and all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. It's too much. Morgan Wallen, man, one of the most prolific artists of, I think of that ever on the face of the earth, man. It's a pleasure, dude. Thank, I feel lucky to get to know your cousin. He and I are close and yeah, just thanks for all the entertainment on, on, on behalf of everybody. And it's just been, it's been a gift, man. Thank you, man. I, I say the same to you. I appreciate everything that you do for me. Here's brother. Excited for the new album. Yes, Sir. Now Cornerstone.


But when I, I this piece of, I, I.