
You know, life's better with a good hack. Like learning the secret menu at your favorite restaurant, or stumbling upon a buy one, get one sale at the mall. Well, there's a wireless hack too, and it's called Visible Visibles. Like ordering from the secret menu in wireless, you get unlimited data and hotspot and playing. Start at just $25 a month for one line taxes and fees included. Plus visible runs on Verizon's 5G Network for great coverage, fast speeds, and a seamless connection. And it's all digital. Don't like going to the phone store. Visible doesn't have them. You switch from your phone and manage your plan in an app. Now that's a hack. If you're ready for wireless, that'll let you live in the know. Make the switch@visible.com. Plans start at $25 a month. For our best features, get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, see visible.com. For planned features and network management details,


I wanna let you know we have these new hoodies, the Onward hoodies in the Merch shop. These are my favorite template of of Hoodie ever that we've ever had. I think you will love them and enjoy them. They're at Theo Von store.com. And thank you so much for your support. Today's guest is a standup comedian. He has two podcasts Tuesdays with Stories with Joe List, and We Might Be Drunk with Sam Morrell. He's touring all over this year. He's a one of one, he's a new father, and he has a new series out called Page to Stage where comedians take something from their notebook and you see it build until it gets performed.


Today's guest is a one of one, my Louisiana Brethren. Mr. Mark Norman, Are you flying out today? Yeah, my stepdad is sick, so I gotta go see him. Oh, geez. Sorry. I know. Bummed. I wanted to be there for Kill Tony. Oh yeah. Are you doing it? Doing it with Kid Rock. So that'll be, I'm gonna try to, no, I'm gonna really zing him. Fuck. That's the only way I can get to him. 'cause if I do it at his house, he'll, you know, sick. His security guards on me and call me the N word dude.


I didn't know. Oh yeah, dude. He has a dog that can say the N word I saw. Was it a what? Black lab? I hope. Oh yeah, dude, BLM, bro. Black Labs matter. Of course. It's dude, hopefully It's not a German Shepherd. He thought A black lab was a place where they tested barbecue sauce. I was like, here, get on Mike. I think that's Where they make sickle cell. Yeah, Dude. I was like, bro, that's not, I was like, Bob, you got the wrong idea, man. So, so, so you are, you're doing Kill Tony coming up Tonight? Yeah, Tonight. Oh, yeah, at the, what is it? The Bridgestone. Oh yeah. Yeah. Very exciting. I feel like Nate Bartzi. Yeah, I know. Huh? Have you done one on that big of a level?


That's big man. No, no. I've done arena shows, but I've never done like a panel with jokes and zingers. And that's gonna be weird. Just making fun of these poor open micers in front of 20,000 people, Dude. And imagine them getting up there that many people, they're gonna be shook. How could Oh yeah. How could you have a good set? That's insane. I mean, it's like losing your virginity to Pamela Anderson. Well, that's a bad, that's a dated, who's the new hot lady? Who is it now? Oprah? No, it's Rihanna. Who do the kids like? Oh, Sydnee Sweeney. Sydnee Sw. That's a good one. Look at that tits on Dickless. God. Oh Wow.


Holy hachi mochi. She Seems like a beautiful young lady, huh? Very attractive. She just Gotta separate her from her husband, I think. Oh, Hey, you're in. That's Slurp. Lord. I thought about sending her a message, but I don't know what I would say, Man. Say nice yams bitch. Oh yeah, that's true. I think she's, she wants that she, no one talks to her like that anymore, so it'd probably turn her on. You Think? Oh, I'll definitely say something about that vegetation. Yeah. You got some crop circles? Oh yeah, brother guy Is, is that the, the ex? That guy looks like a, like a ugly me. Oh man. I feel great. Yeah, that guy definitely fumbled the breast.


Yeah, right. Yeah. I mean, look, he looks like an Uber driver. Yeah, dude. It would take you 70 minutes to get her bra on, I think. Yeah. That's a lot to compact in there. Oh, You would have to have a buddy. It would almost have to be like two of those guys doing that slingshot or whatever. Yeah. It's like trying to get leaves in a bag, Dude. Wow. Look, that is a lovely, lovely lady. It's good to know that a blonde with huge cans is, that's back. Fuck. Yeah, that's a great point. Dude. She, yeah, she could be anything. She, we need flight attendants like this now. Ooh. Yeah. Good. They're all gay now. Oh, they're all gay. Even you the a woman, like you're sh I, I remember trying to hit on this lady and she'll be like, she's like, I'd love to go out with you, but I'm only gonna be a, gonna be a woman for like, another week.


And I was like, what the fuck, man? Oh damn. That's what this flight attendant said. I was like, oh, come On. Good lord. Where, where's she connecting in Transville? I know, dude. Yeah, that's true. Transville is vein, dude. Yeah, they're all gay now. They used to be very attractive. It's like these sky homos they've taken over the air. Yeah, dude. Oh, it is. Dude, I feel like when you get on, you have to protect your straightness the second you get on there. Yeah. I lock in, dude, I tell my penis. I say, you know what we're here for, we're just here to get from A to B. Right, right. Okay. Do not look around. Yes, yes. They're gonna tempt you. It'll be like a kind of a guy, you know, like a guy possibly dressed as a woman walking through with liquor or snacks or those goldfish.


My penis loves goldfish, Right? Oh, love a Goldfish. So, but do not look over there. You stay straight. We're just, we're going to Cincinnati. Exactly. No place straighter than Cincinnati. That is a straight town, right? There it is. Dude. They eat chili and watch football. Oh, but wait, wait, hold on. You said something. Oh, you ever get flattered by the gay? The gay love? Yeah. That is very nice. When a gay guy's like, Hey, cutie or whatever, and you're like, eh, this is pretty good. Yeah. Well, 'cause it's replacing the old thing. It's like you still want the affection. Right. And now it's like a lot of us didn't even have dads. So it's like they're kind of coming at you with that combo meal. Oh, you get the male attention and flirty And the female flirty.


Yeah. That's good. You get it in one. That's God, I'd love to be gay. That's a lot of gay guys. Thing is, don't you want that combo meal? Right. Good point. And he could blow the, the, the fucking chrome off your trailer hitch. Oh Dude. Can you, this is insane to be talking about. This is God's country. I'm just going to Cincinnati. Okay. That's all. You're right, you're right. That's All I'm telling you, mark. All right. I'm already, I'm already getting a layover and I'm gay over, But dude, yeah, there's just something like they Yeah, you see 'em and they, but yeah, God, could you even imagine some strong guy who was probably like on the neck team in college, whatever, some sporting event.


Like the Wrestling. Yeah. Wrestling or something like that. Oh, yeah. And he just pins your cock to the back of his throat with his tongue or whatever. Woo. Easy big fella. Sorry. That's that Is seems anyone else hard? That seems crazy, Dude. You're gonna make Morgan wallen uncomfortable. That's true. Oh, man. Yeah. It's gotta be nice to be the game. What, what about Glory Hole? Is that real? There was one at what? You know of One, there was one at Louisiana State when I was at LSU. Shut the fuck up. Yeah. I, I miss that. I went there for a semester. Yeah. Bring up Glory Hole. LSU. What? They had one and they, you know where it was? I think it was in, I wanna say the library.


Whoa. Damn. They plugged that hole. Look at that. Oh, there's one right there. Taking a dump and tarot. That's one of those, one of the halls there. Oh, there it is. Right there. Whoa. Look at that. Look at that. Damn. You could even look through there if you wanted to. Which is nice, Bro, if you're, but it's hard to look through there when there's a wiener through. Take your eye out. Yeah, dude. Don't be that weirdo that's trying to sightsee at a glory hole, you Know? Yeah. You just gotta, you gotta trust the hole. You gotta go with it. Whatever comes through, you gotta eat it. That's the whole dude. That's the original game show right there. Oh, Yes. That's great. Yeah. Now it's like, I'm thinking of what it's called now.


It's like the floor is lava dude. Right. Nothing that has nothing on the glory hole is open. That's a great point. Yeah. And you never know who's on the other side. It could be your teacher, your brother, your pastor. I mean, that's a real gamble. Oh yeah. It could be your pastor, it could be your future dude. It could be some gay dude. You're gonna, they or woman nowadays, even lesbians will stop in there just to couture their jawline. They'll pop into a male glory hole. Yeah. But what about lesbians? They don't have any way to glory. You can't get a clip through that, that wood girth. I don't know. You put the softball team in there, they'll fucking, they'll hit a single at least through that thing.


Yeah. Brittany Griner could get something through that hole. Oh, damn. That's fuck. That's what put her in jail in Russia. I heard. Have you seen her lately? She looks like Pete Davidson. Yeah. I could see a crossover. Why hasn't she been on SNL? I wonder. Ooh, Brittany. Lemme see something real quick. Oh, this is awkward. Thank you. Get the fuck. Get the, Whoa. Look at this Dogs walking on water. What religion is this? What the Fuck is that, Dude? I've never, bro. That's, dude, this is that new shit, man. This is what's coming now, right? This is the new Christianity. This will be a story in the Bible. One day. Brittany Griner shoots a three pointer. Yeah. She looks like Deuteronomy.


Yeah. Damn, that Was good. Ah, thanks. God, bro. That's a pretty decent start for an episode. I feel like. Hell yeah. Well, I love Nashville. I love this town. We did the Ryman last night. Did Zanies after that? Drop your mic down a little bit like this. Oh yeah. Oh, sorry. Went to a kid Rock's house. It was a wild, wild. You did, you went to Kid Rocks. Yeah. We were just out with Tony and Tony's like, I got a surprise for you. We jump in a car, we drive a half hour, and then we That. Yeah, exactly. And what a, what A home. Oh, you got to, there's definitely. Was it just him there? Was it, was it other people? It was just him and like a security guy. Oh Yeah, dude. And that guy, and maybe A slave. I mean, it felt like it. Big jacked, scary, like marine looking guy.


Oh Yeah. A lot of those guys love to cook when they're not fucking like sniping fucking gazen on behalf of Israel. But yeah, dude, he Build that whaling wall. Jesus. Dude, I heard the Wailing Wall. This is the most Israel thing ever. The whaling wall is an ATM in it. Is that crazy? That's hilarious. Is it? I mean, I, I wouldn't be surprised. You need some cash out there if you're gonna buy a little D dle. Yeah, dude. Some knickknacks. Oh, I'll fucking spin Gimel on that bitch. So that's all I spend, dude. They used to call me Big Gimel in a lot of back alleys. Jimmy Gimel In a lot of Fucking Jimmy Gimel alive And a lot of Yiddish back alleys.


They used to call me Fucking Jimmy Gimel dog. Oh, the Willing Wall. It should have at least two ATMs added it. I can't even believe this is an issue over there. It's gotta have one or at least a glory hole. Definitely, dude, Get that. No foreskin through there. Yeah. Only in the glory holes in Israel. It says FDIC insured. That's F-D-I-C-K Insured, dude. Ah, nice. There. It's, oh, there it's Holy shit. The only kosher ATM in the world. That's hilarious. It just takes money from Palestinians. It's not even your account. Yeah, dude. That's Crazy. Holy moly. That's hilarious.


Wow. Speaking of going abroad, you have shows coming up abroad, man. Yeah, I'm very excited. Going to London. Gonna Australia. I love those crowds. You do? Oh yeah. I mean, the flight's a bitch and you get homesick and the jet lags a, a real C guzzler. But I love Australia. I'm pumped. Do you ever go? Yes, man, you have to. Where are you going over there? Lemme see some of his dates here. You're gonna re Yik y. Yeah. I think that's Iceland, right? Rick Berg. Reykjavik. Oh, Kovic. That's how they say it. Yeah, I think so. Oh, Reykjavik. Yeah. It looks like it's somebody who's texting with T nine. Look at those vows. Consonants. Oh yeah. Jesus. That's like a drunk text.


Alford. United Kingdom. Cardiff United Kingdom. Bristol. United Kingdom. Birmingham. Landon Glasgow. You're going to fucking Glasgow. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Fuck yeah. Get a smash Burger lad. Yeah, I get a Glasgow smile. That's where they cut you from here to here. Get a Glasgow smile. Terrifying. Those Scotts are really scary. That's gonna be incredible, dude. So you have those shows coming up that's everywhere over there. Yeah. Yeah. Doing the whole gamut. Just taking a train from top to bottom. Yeah. It's kind of shitty because you don't get to see anything. You just do the show and then you leave. Yeah. But the crowds are great. And it's, it's a fun time. You Have a couple days off, Couple days off. Yeah. Not much. But I, I get so keyed up, I gotta get back. So I just do the shows and I go home.


Well, It's hard. That's one of the things people don't realize. You go to these places, people are like, stay, do this and that. But then like you do five, six shows, you're on the, you're on the road then for two weeks kind of. Right. You know? Right. Or, you know, you try to get into and it's like, well, how long are you want to be over? You gonna be over there for three weeks a month? I know you start, I get that fomo. I'm like, what's going on in, in America? You start looking at JD Vance memes. You're like, oh, I miss home. He's fat. Putting Cheeto dust on a, on a president. Oh yeah, Bro. They had, they had one the other day that said he has up syndrome. This is a picture of JD Vance has Up Syndrome. Oh, that's fun. Look at that guy. I, I think he loves it too. Which is fun about him. Oh, He has the best sense of humor. I bet he could.


I I honestly, I should send him one of these and see what he thinks about it. Oh, I bet he's seen all of 'em. I would just scroll through those at dinner if I was him. Yeah. And look, he can't do that with Obama. You know, that's a, that's a different meme, if you know what I mean. So it's good to have him be into it. Yeah. I gotta see which ones he's into. I think I would like to try and get to interview him again. 'cause now he's in there. Right. And I bet it's weird in there. In the White House. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, you see Kid Rock over there dressed like a fucking fire firecracker salesman. Oh, he was dressed like a fireman at a glory hole. Yes. Yeah. Fire crotch Dude. He was dressed like the Grand Wizard of cracker. Jack Put him on.


Look at that. He's like, he looks like he's selling used cars in, in Bristol, Tennessee. Oh, Dude, definitely. Dude, this guy looks like he could fucking sign the Constitution with his cock. Dude, this guy's unbelievable. Does John Hancock? Yeah. Yeah. Look at this. That is a wild, he is like a, he is a ga. Oh yeah, brother. That's it. Dude, if this photo alone doesn't get the tiger king outta prison. Right. What Are we even doing? And this has gotta scare the, the foreigners. If I was a Chinese motherfucker and I saw that, I go, we can't fuck with them. Look at this guy. He is like a, like an avenger. Yeah. They're like, we made that shirt, but we didn't know he'd wear it like that.


You think Zelensky sees that? And he is like, shit, I really didn't dress up. Holy. I I dressed like a ninja. Yeah, dude. Yeah. He's like, oh, I should have really showed up. He looks like the pilot for Malaysian Flight three 70 or whatever. The one that went down. Yeah. Where'd you even get that made? I mean, that's crazy. Dude. The one that went down on Key West, bro, that's a fucking, that thing landed on a cocktail. Yeah. Well, the, the flights have been, I think they've picked it up a little bit, but we had some crazy flights for a while. Like upside down and flight Inside out. Yeah. Trying to show all these people what it's all about. Dude, they had run DMC flying one of the plane dudes. Well, they run DEI. But yeah, look at that upside down's almost.


It's like the movie flight with Denzel. We ride here, dude. And you have to listen to DMX when you get out of that plane. Right, right. There's no way the plane's upside down. And now we have to exit. There's no way. I don't put a fucking, I don't bounce a track on my phone right there, dude. I put run, I put on probably some DMX. Oh yeah. As you walk out what You really want, What you really want from a flight. Yeah. I want some peanuts and a and an up upright plane. Yeah, dude, it's a wacky time. There Was something you had, I wanna talk to you about a bunch of stuff. You have a new child? Yes, Yes, yes. Not mine. I Can't. Matt Rife, he got it there, dude.


Unreal. And a lot of people thought Matt Rife is that guy who's trying to live forever. Whatever. Oh yeah. Well, he is got that beautiful face. He's shiny. Oh, he looks new. He looks very, oh yeah. Yeah. A lot of people thought that. That's Matt Rife. Brian Johnson, this Guy. Why does the guy who lives forever have to be annoying? You know? You want, you want, if the guy's gonna live forever, you'd like him to be fun. I know, dude. Why couldn't the guy that lives forever be, He wouldn't like John Daly to live forever, you know? Yeah. Although he'll die tomorrow. Well, especially 'cause Hooters just went bankrupt, which is crazy. Damn. But he was keeping it in business, dude. I Bet. I bet. Yeah. That guy could house some wings, bro. And he would walk in and it would always be empty restaurant chain.


Hooters goes bust and files for bankruptcy protection. What Is this? The Asian version? And there is a, and if you can't see on the YouTube on the video Right now, there is a picture of all Asian women. Oh. In Hooter's pit. In, in Hooter's attire. Where's that photo taken? Can you gimme some information? Can you scroll up or down or something? There you go. Chinese waitress is dressed in orange shorts and T-shirts cheer while welcoming the arriving guest at the Hooters restaurant in Beijing. Oh, shit. Damn. They're stealing everything from us. They got it. Hooters is going bust the US restaurant chain known for chicken wings. And it's skinny Hooters Girls wait. Staff outfits has filed for bankruptcy protection. Whoa.


HOA restaurant group filed for the motion for chapter 11. It's the latest legacy restaurant chain of running into financial trouble amid high food and labor prices. Well, is that really why? Yeah. I saw a couple of Porkers in there on the last few years. Yeah. Let's just say that They got probably so many articles saying that they couldn't hire good tits in there anymore. Right, Right. You gotta be inclusive. Yeah. So you gotta get the wheelchair hooter. You gotta get the downsy Hooter. Yeah. You gotta get an actual owl in there. It's like, sure. What are we doing? Yeah. It's a, it's a tough time. It, it's the end of an era. But we still got twin peaks. Ooh. Just a sleeper that they just kept low and they talk and now they're still around.


Yeah. That's like the Utah tits. Those tits are clean over There. Clean. And they're like the Kieran Culkin. Yeah. McCully's gone. He was hot for a while, but now Kieran's taken over. We gotta go to Beijing. God, dude, I gotta be honest, I never felt comfortable to Hooters. I like, I like tits, I like wings, but I felt weird. It's just some, some girl named Stacy who's trying to make a few bucks. And I'm like, can I look at her? Can I not look at her? Right. What would I do here? There, a lot of 'em are like, I'm a model. And it's like all like, what are you, you know? Will you model those sodas over here for me? Like, not in a bad way, but it's like, look, I wanna support your modeling. I will tip a little bit extra. Sure. But we wanna eat too. I don't wanna Yes. Yes. And then I, I, am I supposed to ogle?


You do. Am I a creep? I I never know what to do. Right. Are you just a waitress? Are you? Yeah. What Are you It was a gray area. If I have you sign my 11-year-old son's back with a Sharpie. Right, Right. Am A fucking sick dad or whatever. Exactly. And then do I tip you by putting the money in your G-string? You know, like, like a strip club. At least, you know, we're all here to see tits and ass. Everybody's on board. Right. Hooters was this vague thing where like, Hey, while you're a pervert order, like Right. Let's get some fucking protein in you. And then If you go, sometimes you'd go with a girl, like, you'd be at a work, work lunch, and the whole gang would go and you're like, I got this lady here. She's in HR and she's fat. Now we got the hot blonde. And the whole thing is awkward.


Yeah. And then you try to make it equal. You're like, oh, well they should have a place called nuts that we could take you, Shelly. You know? And she's like, I'm good. Yeah. And she's been losing her hair. 'cause she has like iron deficiency or something. Anemia. Oh, That'll get you. That was my black ex. Yeah. Dude, Hooters are shutting down. John Daly is gonna have nowhere because, you know, he, he used to live in a Hooters. He lived in a, I can see that. Didn't John Dailey live in the Hooters? Bring that up. No Way. I thought you were joking. That's amazing. John Gruden had an office, apparently at Hooters headquarters. And John Dailey had a special sleeping room in there. Shut the fuck up. Where'd they hear that? Oh, on the most recent episode of Theo Von is Best Weekend podcast.


So hold on. You're your own reference. Hey dude. This is where we are. Dude. I saw John Daly overdose on gym one night and had to get carried out of a restaurant. Not even a bar. Hell yeah. That's Awesome, Man. He's like a superhero. This guy. Oh yeah. He's dude, he's definitely him. Kid Rock. Now we have a superhero. Yep. We have our Avengers, dude. Yes. We need some more in there. We Need a good woman in there. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Who's a fun woman? Ooh, I know who that lady that cooks and that said the N word. What's her name? Oh, Paula Dean. Yeah. That's a good one. Boy, there's gonna be a lot of n word in that kitchen per, Oh dude. Fuck Dude.


Maybe we should throw a black guy in just to even it out a little bit. Yes. And to keep her on her toes. Yeah. Right, right. Who do we get in there? We need a good who? Black. Maybe. Oh. Oh, hold on, Kanye. Ooh. That'll really shake things up. Yeah. Now we're talking. Oh, yeah. So he'll be, he'll be wearing the clan hood, ironically. But now it's their clan hood. So it's like, what do weed, what do whites do now that there's, I I don't wanna say this is cultural appropriation. Eh, I mean, did Fubu make that? I mean this, that's our thing. Yeah. I mean, I definitely, this is, I mean, it's so weird 'cause Elon's trying to tell everybody, Hey, I'm not a Nazi.


And he's like, no, I am a Nazi. Yeah. Oh, it's so hard these days to figure out if you're a Nazi or not. It is. Right. Fucking impossible. I mean, did you ever think you'd see this many swastikas in 2020? The whole world's gone batshit. No. And you, they're not even point, you don't even know who they're pointing. Like, it's like there's liberal people using swastikas because they, They're angry. Yes. At Tesla. Yes. But now you're drawing swastika. So these poor Jews are like, all right, well that's, that means fuck me. I know you're mad at that guy. But I, what about Me? But then you also have people saying that, that American Israel are swastika. They're using it, promoting them because they're killing the Palestinians.


Huh? So you're saying that they're the fa like, you know what I'm saying? It's like you guys are the new Germany. They're saying that Israel's the new Germany. Oh. Oh geez. This is too much. That's what I'm saying. There's, it's just a, It's so many layers. Yeah. It's, this is, It's like what happened to a fucking, the business transaction of a glory hole, dude. Exactly. You know, I mean, we're buying Greenland, Gulf of America. Canada's mad at us. Beyonce's doing country. Everything's topsy-turvy. Alec Baldwin shot a lady. I mean, I can't keep up with all the, the shit. It's all twisted. Ah. But at the same time, is it the most exci It's it's exciting. It is. It is. It's the best of time and the worst of time. But you could open X and you're just like, holy fuck my ass.


Yeah. This is crazy. Yeah. Yeah, dude. And that's, yeah, X is like a portal, dude. Like crazy town. Yeah. You're just on, you're just shitting like, oh, that's a bear attack. A race, race riot. Oh, race riot. Black kids beat up another white kid at school. Right, right. Not a hate crime. Right. Just a tweet. Just a tweet. Yeah. And then there's like crazy tit lady, and it says, don't open this if you're alone. And I always open it. I even have to, I'm at the library. I'm like, I gotta do it, dude. I can't resist that. It's like 10 reasons why apples are killing your body Right now. Yes. And you're like, fuck, you got me clickbait. Yeah. Huh? Did you see that Bill bird thing where he yelled at the reporter?


Oh, pull this up if you can. I mean, this was so cool. This is why I love the love Bill. He's on a red carpet for some thing, and a reporter's like trying to get him to say controversial shit. And he calls him out. I'm not gonna just have some controversial moments so he can get clicks. I'm not doing that. I mean, I'm here to, for Conan, I'm not, I'm not doing all of this. Whatcha gonna bring up next the Middle East? I, I, I'm, I, I went to summer school three outta four years in high school. I'm not qualified to talk about this. I was just Gonna, I think About global warming. You said about Elon that he was ruining earth. I saw on the view you're critical of him. What do you think of all the boycotts, like even the violence going? I Don the news on Tesla. I don news. I don't watch the news.


I have no idea what's going on. I watch Instagram. I watch people wipe out on motorcycles. I watch lions and hyenas fight each other. This is the things that I do. And I don't think you should be asking a comedian, you're a journalist. Well, comedians Are on, on top of current events. You're No, no. That's, that's weak. That's you guys passing the buck. You guys need to have balls again. Which you don't. You guys always goes, should we be thinking this? Yeah. You guys present stuff like that. You, you guys used to have balls. You need to get, you need to get your balls back. And it's not my job. I am a dancing clown. But Yeah. It's so cool. 'cause he is like, you're trying to get me to say shit so you can get clicks. Yeah. You, you guys report. Yeah. Stop putting it all on me. I I can get in trouble now and go viral for some ignorant shit.


I said, yeah. Get outta here, dude. That's a great point. Yeah. It has. It is definitely become crazy now. Yeah. It's like, but it's because people are afraid to speak up. Because I think all those people feel like they'll probably lose their jobs. Yes. I think a lot of them are just caught in this old system where like, if I say anything that's truthful. That's why I think why a lot of, like, you even see, like Candace Owens, you see a lot of comedians or podcasters, like people are listening to them. At least they, they're trying to figure shit out or they're talking about things as earnestly as they think they can. Yeah. Well, we're so divided now that if you say this opinion, the other side attacks you. If you say that opinion, that side attacks you. So the, the, the newspapers wanna sell clicks or whatever.


So they're just like, we'll go down the middle. Yeah. We gotta keep everybody you say the fucked up shit and we'll report about it. Yeah. It's, it's, it's gross. It's a great point. He said it's passing the buck. Where's the fucking, how was it that, like, even during the first year of like the Gaza thing, that not one mainstream network guy was like, Hey, this seems kind of fucked up. Is that right? I, I thought people were talking, I guess it's mostly internet people. Yeah. I think it was more internet people. That's true. But, but it was kind of like, Hey, this, you know, or even just any side, like let's get one interview from a Palestinian guy, you know? Oh yeah, yeah. True. That Shit was just kind of crazy.


Hey, basketball fans, are you ready to win real money? Well check out pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts, DraftKings pick six dunks on its rivals, including prize picks. Just select two or more players. That's how you do it with DraftKings. Pick six. And you choose if they'll have more or less of a certain stat, like points, rebounds, three pointers and more. Pick six is available in most states, including California, Texas, Georgia, Missouri, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six and cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get $50 in, Pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. Download the DraftKings pick six app now and use code THEO. That's code Theo. For new customers to play $5, get $50 in, Pick six credits. Better payouts, Bigger wins Only with Pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one eight hundred Gambler Help is available for problem gambling. Call eight eight eight seven eight nine seven seven seven seven Or visit CCP g dot Oregon. Connecticut must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer Bonus awarded as non Withdrawable. Pick Six Credits that expire in fourteen days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


UFC three 14 is on the way. It's a stacked pay-per-view card taking place live from Miami, Florida. In the main event, Alexander Vol Kovski returns to face top contender Diego Lopez for the vacant featherweight championship. That's gonna be a banger. Michael Chandler also takes on pat the bad BLE in a five round co-main event. Also on the card, YAYE Rodriguez welcomes Patrizio Pit Bull to the UFC and the Fighting nerds look to continue their UFC unbeaten streaks. You can buy now@espnp.com slash t or click the link in the description below. That's UF C3 14. It's this Saturday at 10:00 PM Eastern time only on ESPN plus pay-per-view. You can guarantee I will be getting it. You can buy now@espnp.com slash THEO or click the link in the description below. Pit Bull coming over from Bellator. Yay. Rodriguez. One of the greats. You got vul Kovski versus Lopez. It's gonna be a banger.


You have a, you have a new show that you're doing? Yeah, I'm working on a I I It's a like a web series. Okay. I'm trying to sell it, but it's, it's called Page to Stage. And Page To Stage. Yeah. Like you come up with a bid idea and then you go up at Zanies and work it out and it's clunky. Then you work it out again and again and again. And then eventually you crack it and then you're doing it at, at an arena. That's the show. So you, it shows the comic thinking of a bit and then struggling with it and then eventually figuring it out and killing with it And like in between. Oh, that's an example of it right there. Yeah. We've done a couple episodes already and this is episode one. We just put out episode two. Go Off the cliff here. Yeah, that's something.


Hey, is this stupid? I'm bombing all day long here. I hope this wasn't an expensive ticket. Oh, this is great man. Oh, thanks. I can't believe this has never been done. It's Been a dumb idea. That's how comedy starts. You take it on stage, it bombs and you do it again too far. Alright. Alright. We'll on that. Oh God. We're supposed to be there. What else do you do here? You like break, you break down the bit with other friends, kind of work on it. Yes, exactly. Like me and Sam Re or Krista Stefano. We'll, we'll sit at the cellar and chop it up and try to figure out where the funny is and what angle to go with. You guys have so many just artisans up there. Oh yeah. It's like, it's Comedy College over there. It's Heaven. It's chefs. You guys have chefs?


Yes. Yes, exactly. We're down here selling Hooters to fucking people. Yeah. But this is fun. This Shane. This is fun as hell though. I love Nashville. I mean, you got the Zanies has opened another room. I mean, you guys are cooking. Yeah, I've been in there. That lab over there. It's great. Great room. So yeah, this, and each episode will be a different co. I do the first one, then it'll be, you know, Ronnie Chang and Michelle Wolf and Shane. Yeah. I got, so the show is gonna be, it's just different examples of that. Yeah. Yeah. With diff, each one is a different comic work on a bit. So you could do one if you want it or whoever. And Yeah, I wanna start working on some new stuff, man. I've been writing a lot of stuff. I just have to get, start getting on stage. Yeah. I think I'll go down to Austin probably to work on it. Ooh, I like that.


I mean that mothership. You can't beat that room. Well Just to, just to have this, and also there's other rooms right around there. Brian Red Band has a room right there. Yeah. The creek. Yeah. They have a one room there. It's called like Skinny or whatever, you know what it's called? But it's like they have Is That Tony's room? Yeah. Way dead it. Yeah. But they have a lot of like, yeah, it's like, it's like autistic cat or whatever. Right, Right, right. N word Jones. Yeah. They have everything there. Like save the like dude things there are so progressive, but also way, it's like I've seen like save the N words there and you're like, that is not seem No, No. That's like, it's like ra It's like racist and progressive.


Yeah. Because it's like Austin. Good intentions, but bad message. Yeah. Bad title. Yeah. It's like St Save the Whales. But you're talking about fat people. Yeah. No, but they, yeah. I mean, Austin's fun. 'cause you, when you're working on new shit, you gotta be able to bounce around. Yeah. You can't just do one set every now and then. I agree. And it's even a lot of times when you're working on new stuff for, for me it's like that third time you do it in a night, even if you don't even wanna do it. Yep. And nothing comes out of it. But it's still just burning that like, every time you cook it, you just cook it and it's like, so the next time will be good. Right. A hundred percent. You know, they say when you lift weights, the one where you're like, ah. And you can't get it up. That's the one that matters the most. And it's the same with comedy. I think when you're working on that new one and you don't wanna say it and it's not really working, that's when you find it.


Yeah. When you just push it. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, I have a buddy that just started comedy last week. No way. Friend of mine from AA just started. Aren't you glad those days? I, I would hate to just start now. I mean we're, we're 20, 20 years in or whatever the fuck. I used to watch you at open mics at fucking Lucy Surfer bar in New Orleans. You too, dude. Yeah. You were the guy. You had a hot girlfriend, you had some money, had a cool haircut. I didn't have, well I had, I did have a very cute girlfriend. Oh, I still remember her. God, she Was pretty, wasn't she? Oh, I think about her all the time. I'll be honest, I think about her a lot. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was really something. No one had a hot girlfriend back then. We were all losers in Louisiana. I were Walking by like some of the Saints players and they were all said, we're gonna steal your girlfriend.


That sounds about right. That's what they do. And They did. That's the crazy part. No, I don't know. But yeah, dude. God, bro, when we went to Lucy, that was fun, dude. That was not a care in the world. There was no phones, there was no, we gotta get a clip. There was no video. Shit. It was just, just for the love of the game. And they had all kind of like Dane Foer. Remember him? Yeah, of Course. Funny guy. Yeah. And they made The, he was in that documentary. Did you see that? No. What doc, I don't know if he's okay with talking about this, but bring it up. Dane Fhe. I love those old Louisiana names. Fhe. Thibodaux Landry. Yeah. It was like, Remember Sean Patton was down there? He Oh yeah, there he is. Good Old Dane.


I looked up to him too when I started. Oh Dude. Same bro. And also one of the nicest guys. Oh yeah. Great guy. And, and he was really like, he welcomed everybody, Hey, we're doing comedy. Good to have you. And that was the first time I had like a group, like a click. Yeah. Felt like a cult Dude. Yeah. Dane's an awesome guy. And, but they had a docu, he was part of a very important docu. No, it's called Our Friend. What is it? Our Friend is a 2019 Oh wow. American biographical drama film directed by Gabriela Cal Perth Weight and written by Brad Inglesby based on Matthew Teague's 2015 Esquire article. The friend Love is not a big enough word. Geez. Did Jason Siegel, Dakota, Johns, Casey Affleck. Holy.


How did I not know about it? This is huge. And it's based on one of the, I think the main character is based on him. Scroll some, Oh God. Are you gonna tell me? He is got some disease In a flashback to 2000. Matt, a journalist. And Nicole, a theater performer live in New Orleans, introduces Matt to Dane, a friend from college working as a camera operator who dreams of becoming a standup comic. Oh, there you go. Yeah. Wow, dude. Yeah, dude, this is a very, this is a cool thing to watch. Good for him. Yeah. Comedy's so big Right now. I mean, you're talking to presidents, vice President, Bernie Sanders. It's, it's weird how intertwined it all is. Well, I think everything's getting kind of bizarre now. You know? A hundred percent.


Everything is getting, like, turning into the WWE e Yes, I've, yes. I've been saying this for years. It's like, yeah, you can have like, you can literally, next month you could have Wolf blitzer. Yeah. Fighting that. Who was that? Like save the whales. Like kind of like Kind of a OC kid or whatever. That was like, You are Not representing us. Oh, David Hog. No, You are not. It was a woman. More woman than more Woman. You Are not speaking for us. Oh, Greta Thunberg. Greta Thunberg. What Happened to her, by the way? Well, she jumped ship. Well, she started, she started saying stuff that liberals didn't agree. She started like, oh, she was speaking out for Palestine and now they're like, ah, fuck her.


Oh really? Yeah. Well what about the environment? I thought that was her. She would take a steamboat from Sweden to, to yell at somebody on a, on a, on a soapbox. Well the second she wore that Palestinian garve, they're like, nah, she doesn't even make any sense anymore. Oh damn. Wow. How old is she now? Is she got an OnlyFans? I don't. I Don. Oh, 22. All right. She's of age. Oh, we're going to hell. Sorry. But Hey, we're going together dude. Oh, she's got a solar powered vibrator. I bet. Remember check out my carbon foot fetish. This is fucking crazy, bro. Are you always this funny? This is the mo. You've changed my life today, dude. Oh well I'm hung over.


I'm on no sleep, so I'm just, I'm riding off gay fumes here. You No sleep. Tell Brooklyn. Yeah. No dude. You remember the other comics they had Wild Bill. Remember Wild Bill? Oh, wild Bill Dykes. Wild Bill. Dykes. Dude. He was on some TV show. I like Bar Rescue. Some bullshit like that. That's right. And that was, I was like, he's been on TV. And same with you. I was like, you've been on tv. I couldn't believe it. Wild Fucking Bill. Dykes dude. A legend dude. But That's the thing, you had to wait to get tapped to get on TV and you got six seconds on some weird show. And now we got the internet so we can just put it all out there. Yeah. Now you can just be like, Hey, I'm an alcoholic. And just tell people straight up.


Exactly. And a lot of comedians in New Orleans were just alcoholics that were trying to stay away from their families or wives at night. A Hundred percent. Let's say that. Factually and no judgment. I didn't have a wife or anything at that time, but you'd see guys coming in, you know, have a couple in their car. Yes. Yes. Exactly. We were all, I was terrified. I had stage fright like a motherfucker. Well we all had ter we all had stage fright and salt poisoning from living in Louisiana. The gout capital. Oh yeah. Lot of sodium. Yeah. They had that one comic, black gout or whatever his name was. He was just like kind of an older black guy. Yeah. Well the, the black comics all had like chicken fry, cornbread. Corn, red bean. Red bean. Yep. Yep. They all had cool names.


Salami Rob. Yeah, they were fun. Gumbo Jones. Spicy Child Evasion. Sickle Cell. Sickle Cell. Wilson Johnson. Yeah. Yeah. Those were, those were wild times. That was. And we all got along. Oh it was so much fun. So much fun. T Ray, remember him T Ray. Holy shit. He was A pro when we started Was that dude was a legend in, in Louisiana. He was A legend dude. First comic I ever saw. Remember the funny Bone in Baton Rouge? Yes. They had a funny bone. And I saw Chris Porter there in like 2002 or something. Yeah. And he was killing, I still remember his act. He had a bit about, he is like smoking and drinking. They go together. You can drink without smoking, but you can't smoke without drinking.


It's kinda like you can take a piss without shitting, but you can't shit without pissing. And I was like, blew my fucking mind. Where are we? Yeah. God dude. Yeah. Chris Porter. And that's when he got onto last comic too. Yes. Yes. Remember? And that's when kind of the handicapped era started on last comic with Josh Blue, who was hilarious. Who made Josh Blue Funny. Was one of the best at having a disability, but also being a comedian. Right? Yeah. But I think it definitely launched a wave of, you know, and it kind of ended with that guy who faked having cancer for Ellen or Whatever. Oh yeah. Yeah. That was bad. That was bad. Chocolate cancer. What was that guy's name? The comedian? What was that guy's Name? I think it was Bob Melanoma.


Oh Yeah. I think it was. Oh I think it was Jarvis Malignant. That's crazy. Yeah, he colon cancer. Powell. But It was fucking benign. Johnson, You better get that lump checked out Peter. But yeah, he Oh that shit. I feel bad calling him out. But he, he got kind of called out and then he got a an HBO special, then it all just went to shit. Yeah. Well let's just click on that right there. Whatever happened to the comedian that Quincy Jones was his name Jones graduated from, on August 25th, Jones was diagnosed with stage four mesothelioma and given one year to live, he began receiving treatment with chemo friends. Set up a Kickstarter for him to produce a standup comedy special starring Jones.


His story went viral after he appeared on Ellen after he raised $50,000. Wow. That's incredible. Jones filmed a comedy special at the Terra Grand Ballroom in la. Title Burning the Light. That's a great name for it too. Yeah. Whatever happened after that. Anything go to that Reddit page then let's get some real info. Well it's a weird thing when you tell people you have cancer. 'cause then they get mad that you're alive. That's a weird place to be in life. Oh, you're still alive. Fuck you. Yeah, we had a guy like that who had done a couple fundraisers or whatever and he was still alive and people would get so fucking pissed at him. Yeah. We gave you money. We did a GoFundMe and you were supposed to be dead coughing. Be yeah. Right. Get in the cough and Get Exactly. It was like, why is he gay?


Just 'cause he lied about that. Fuck dude. Yeah, that's true. But I remember back then I was like, oh my God, I wish I got cancer. 'cause it was so hard to get a special or on tv. Oh totally. I was like, oh, every mole I had, I was like, check this bitch. Yeah. Put me in the sun and some radiation on my ass. I'll start smoking. I would Put little fake moles in my arm when I went on stage. But whatever happened though, this just curious. He may have just gotten better, which probably made it also uncomfortable for him. Oh, is there any information? Can you scroll up or down or something? I hope He got better. Six years old. It Just says that he's still active. Oh, that's tough. That's tough. Dude. You gotta get into remission. He's like the Magic Johnson of cancer. He won't die that aids.


What happened? We used to be so scared of AIDS and Magic Johnson is kicking. He beat AIDS so hard. I will tell a story though. I've told this before, but please. I was at a restaurant where someone was choking to death. Right. And Magic Johnson was there. Mm. So everybody, they they, it was like a Chinese restaurant kind of place. And so they brought out a wall. They brought out a little one of those Chinese walls. They fold up. It's like, ah. A great wall. Yeah. It's like a very great wall. But it's short. I know those. Yeah. You could change behind them or whatever. Yes. Yeah. Change behind 'em real quick. They brought that out and started doing CPR on the guy behind the wall. And we're all just sitting there and it's kind of like a nice place. We're all eating, but everybody stopped eating 'cause it's like you can't eat while a guy is like choking in death.


Of course. Of course. And they're doing CPR and shit on him. So then everybody starts kinda looking at Magic Johnson like, when do we eat? Right? He became somehow like the, like the liaison of feasting or whatever they call it. Right. In the like Greek mythology or whatever. And so everybody's like watching him and you can tell he starts to feel this pressure. When do we eat? And they get the guy back. Right. Oh, thank God. So you can hear him. Oh, he starts coughing. Everybody claps. Right? So everybody takes one bite and then fucking, something happened immediately and the guy coded. The guy died right there. Shut Up. Yeah. Holy shit. Guy died. Now What do you do with the food?


Do you finish it? We waited like seven or eight minutes and then we ate as quiet as we Ever eaten. Oh man. That's awkward. And they gotta wheel 'em out on the gurney. And you got a mouthful of general. So, oh, You chew so quietly, dude. Oh dude. And if your wife doesn't salute you like that when you eat general. So you're not a, you're not a fucking True American Asian. Yeah. She'll get a kung pal that. Yeah, that's what I'm saying, dude. I'll fucking, yeah. Speaking of it, do you see these Yankee bats by the way? Oh, I've heard about this. This is pretty well I wanna get your take on these bats. I don't know where the Yankees of their bats are. Fat as shit. Oh, come on. Nuh. That's what they're using now. The Torpedo bat.


Yeah. Oh yeah. They, they plump 'em up a little Like in the middle. Yeah. Like a weird dick that girthy in the middle and then cones out. Well that seems weird. 'cause wouldn't the angle of the bat then affect which direction you're hitting the ball even. Yeah, I think But they engineered it perfectly where it just sails it. It works every time During spring training, someone in the organization for the Yankees had mentioned Tokay, that the teams analytics department had counseled players on where pitches tended to strike their bats. And with subsequent buy-in from the, some of the players' bats have been designed around that information and the hours before the Yankees home game against the brewers that day. Kay. Who is the Yankees? Play-by-play man told the YES network production staff about this alerting them so they could look for an opportunity to highlight the equipment after the Yankees Club four homers in the first inning, a camera zoomed in on Jay CHS Holmes bat in the second inning.


You see the shape of CHS Holmes bat Okay. Said on there. It's got a big barrel on it. Mm wow. And it does, it has a look towards like the one part, like a snake digesting something a bit. Yes. Yes, exactly. Wow. And are, how are the Yankees doing so far? Was that just one good game to start off? No, They're killing it. I mean, you got four homers in the first inning. I mean they're like, they're on fire. Which they were already a good team, but now they got this secret weapon. Oh, they're foreign two Right now. Gangs starting off big. Okay. Still no ani. That guy's incredible. Oh, he's so good man. Yeah, that's interesting. How like, are they allowed to just change their bats like that? Can you look why they're allowed to do that?


I think it's one of those air bud things. There's nothing in the rule book says you can't have a fat bat or whatever it is. Yeah. The idea of the torpedo bat is to take a size format, say 34 inches and 32 ounces, and distribute the wood in a different shape than the trans traditional form to ensure the fattest part of the bat is located where the player makes the most contact. Mm. Wow. It's just a loophole. They found a loophole that's still legal. Yeah, because it's the same amount of wood, but they just put it in different spots of the bat. The torpedo bat moves some of the mass on the end of the bat about six to seven inches lower, giving it a bowl bowling pin shape with a much thinner end. The benefits for those who like swinging with it and not everyone who has swung with it likes it, are twofold. Both are rooted in logic and physics.


The first is that distributing more mass. So the area of most frequent contact aligns with player swing patterns and provides greater impact when the bat strikes ball. The second benefit in theory is increased bat speed. Imagine a sledgehammer and a broomstick that both weigh 32 ounces. The sledgehammer weight is almost all at the end, whereas the broomstick is distributed evenly damn. Which is, which is easier to swing fast. The broomstick of course. So they're saying that it's slower to swing the new one. Yeah. But it's got more impact By shedding some of the weight off the end of the torpedo bat and moving it towards the middle. Hitters have found it swings very similarly to a traditional model, but with slightly faster bat velocity.


Mm Huh. I haven't seen a bat like that since the wet market. God. I know. Huh. Damn, that's interesting. I wonder what other loopholes have, have I noticed? What are the things? Well, there was a part where they allegedly deflated the ball some. Yeah. Yeah. With the Patriots. What else has kind of happened over the years? Hmm? A lot of steroids. Yeah, steroids was so big. I don know if that's a loophole, but Yeah, I'd love to talk to Barry Bonds. That'd be crazy. Oh Man, what a run he had. I know. And he looked crazy too. He was like a superhuman. Yeah. Mark McGuire. Yeah, him too. You could see it's like he's pink. He's like, he's got like ball skin on his forearms. Dude, can you believe that women like used to not even be able to talk that much.


Isn't that crazy? Those were the days like Can you even imagine like you're at dinner and a guy comes up to talk and you talk to 'em and your wife tries to say something and you're like, honey, Exactly. Let the, let the guy let us do business here. Well, women really got screwed because like they couldn't really make a lot of money back then. So they needed a guy who had a house and a car and a job. So like they had to be nice and play ball. That's gotta suck. You imagine the resentment built up in a lot of those women. Oh, Of course. Of course. That's Why a lot of third generation women are squirters, I think. 'cause there's all that resentment built up. That's True. Yeah. It all comes out that's, that's fucking, what do you call that? Oh, what's the word? When they can't vote.


Oh, that's Suppression. No, what? There's a word where they can't vote. We'll get it right. Voter suppression, Something like that. Suffrage. Suffrage. Yeah. Women's suffrage. That's women's suffrage, dude. Yes. Yeah. It's a streamline brother. Yeah. That is a damn damn. Huh? You ever got a squirt from a lady? I mean, I, oh, I knew a gal that could Oh, super soak. She, no, but she was just articulate. Oh, damn. Like she could, Oh, she could fucking autograph a curtain. I knew a girl Definitely that could fucking wash your cat's eyes before you could blink 'em. It was like those, the windshield wipe squirter, you know, you clean the window.


Oh, Dude. Yeah. Yeah. I had a lady one, it was like a, like a fire hydrant in a black neighborhood. I mean, she would just stand up and it would gush. It was a great time. I loved it. I mean, my bed was ruined. Oh. Oh dude. And there's a couple young sisters double ducking in it. That's The craziest part, Dude. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Love a squirt. 'cause with a female orgasm, there's not really a lot of proof. Right. So it's nice to get some results. Oh yeah. That's David Slopper field homie. That thing. It is crazy, bro. Yeah, those things get going. Yeah. Squirt and Ernie. And sometimes You can't turn 'em off, dude. No. No. Sometimes it's rough. And it's A lot of Asians, bro. Sesame Street. Yeah. Yeah. It really is.


It tickle me Elmo. Oh yeah. But sometimes you're like, enough, you gotta put a cork in there, or, or an old Rag. Oh yeah. Oh, dude. It's crazy. Oh, bro. You'd have to put siding on your bed. You need a gutter on the side of your bed just to get some runoff. Yeah. You gotta clean the leaves out every year, but still. Oh yeah, dude, it was, bro. That, yeah, you get somebody that's a real glosser, you'd have to fucking somebody like, damn, are you from Maine or something? What's even going on here? Yeah. You need rain boots. It was crazy. Oh, you'd have to use that stuff that you would use on your car. It was like Rain X. Remember that? Oh yeah. Dude, when Rain X came out, we got high. Or like, 'cause we'd seen commercials. That'll like make the, the rain bead off your window.


Yes. Yes, exactly. So we'd rain X our cars get stoned, drive in the rain and watch it beat off. We'd be like, no. Oh, that's a good time. Those are the good times, dude. Yeah.


The NBA playoffs are here. And I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call one eight hundred Gambler.


You want to be ready when somebody knocks on your wiener door to answer. That's what I'm talking about. Baby BLUECHEW BLUECHEW will get you stacked up. I'm stacked. I'm upstairs. Have better sex with BLUECHEW. BLUECHEW is the original brand offering chewable tablets for better sex. And starting now, BLUECHEW is offering a combo so strong it'll knock your socks off your wiener. That's right. You'll have to move towns with the amount of noise you'll be making. BLUECHEW Max has arrived and it combines the active ingredients of Viagra and Alis into one chewable. This combo acts fast and lasts, make life easier by getting harder. And discover your options at BLUECHEW dot com. And we've got a special deal. For our listeners, try your first month of BLUECHEW free. When you use promo code, Theo, just pay $5 shipping. That's promo code THEO. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast.


We've all been there where we, where you sign up for something and then you forget about it after the trial period ends, and then you're charged. I was getting charged for a dang umbrella deal. I got in, I keep getting these umbrellas in the mail, and I'm just, damn, I don't know. Just, just soaked in, in extra payments is really what I'm soaked in. It happens to everyone. You're charged month after month. Your subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash t today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash theo Rocket Money dot com slash THEO.


Yeah. What was I thinking about? Dude? You want kids? Yeah. I gotta get a kid, man. I mean, hey. No pressure. I don't wanna be one of those kid guys. You're like, you gotta do it. Change your life. Yeah. Super meaningful. I'm not, not doing that. I'm just saying you'd be a good dad. Thanks, dude. I appreciate it. I think, yeah, I, I, I, I gotta change some of my, a little bit of, like, some of my patterns kind of, Well, we all have some fucked up tendencies and all that, but Did you have, like, how did you change your tendencies to meet a, to meet a woman? And I know you have a child now, but how did you change your tendencies? 'cause you were kind of like a roster about man. Huh? Sure, Man, about 10. I like to paint it red, but I don't know. I just was getting older and I knew I wanted kids. And then you start doing the math, you're like, all right, if I have a kid at 50, by the time he's 10, I'll be sickly.


You had an old dad. Yeah, totally. You know, it's tough on a kid. It's, it's tough. So, and I heard Bill Bur say, not to break him up again, but he was like, I should have done this 10 years earlier. And I heard that and I was like, oh, shit, maybe I should do it now. And he's the truth. Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. So The average age of new fathers in the United States has risen from 30.9 risen to 30.9 years. Oh. A significant increase from 27.4 years in 1972. Wow. Actually, I thought it'd be higher. So it's going up. So it's almost 31 years Right now. Yeah. I live in New York. People are having kids at fucking 45. Like Schultz just had a kid. He's 41, is he? Yeah, I think so. God, he looks great.


Oh, he's a, he is a sexy, sexy man. Definitely. He looks like An old bullfighter or something. Oh, He definitely looks like the last Matador. Yeah. Look at that Stash and the hair. He looks like definitely the guy that'll turn a triple play at a glory hole, you know? Yeah. Yeah. He looks like a, like a French villain. Oh yeah, he does, dude. Oh, he's always definitely had that very like America's favorite Spice Trader guy, you know? Right, Right. Like he sells knives in Bangladesh. Yeah. He definitely looks like a guy that'll sell you a secret. Yes, for sure. Definitely. He's a unique guy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He's a very unique guy. Dude, his new special, I think is the best looking comedy special I've seen. He, Yeah.


It's, it's so beautiful. Like the Beacon Theaters killer and the way he starts it with that montage. Yep. Like you get, you get choked up. I thought it was really, really amazing. You have a child now, man. Yeah. It's crazy. That's insane to see you Right now and be talking to you, you for the past 40 minutes, and then realize this guy has a human child. Ah. I mean, it'll get taken away at some point, but for now, let it ride. God, probably from ice or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. There it is. Wow. Wow. What sad news source reported on that May Planner gives birth to her first child with Mark Norman. Aw, look at that Fat little nugget there. It's got a bad hairline already. Wow. It very much has that Kevin from the office look, huh? Yeah.


Yeah. Wow. Your wife looks great. Even post birth right there. She killed it. Yeah, she looked good the whole time. And she did the old ect. So the, the clam is intact. Yeah. Fresh Seafood food. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Still oyster shucking. But yeah, you really, you really, you really get all mushy with the thing Being as cynical as comedians are. Right. What does cynical mean? Like negative and always looking at the bad, not the good. I think something like that. I think it, well, I notice for myself, it's hard for me sometimes. There used to be for sure. And when like, something was really real, like a real moment, it was hard for me to like, experience it as a real moment. So who are you talking to here? Yeah. Come on.


I thought that was you And Yeah. I'm autism. Yeah. And so was that kind of, did that come into play at all? Do you notice that part of you come in and you almost have to stop it? Like, yes. Yes. But with the baby, you can't help it. Like you're, you're talking baby talk and you're just like gushing with love and you pour it right on him and you feel it and you go, fuck it. I'm doing it anyway. I'm letting go. I'm gonna love this kid. So It feels really real. So it's like super real feeling super Real. I mean, that came outta your ball bag and her stomach. I mean, the whole thing is, it's surreal that you made this thing. Yeah. And it's gonna grow up and have a personality and, you know, weird addictions and, you know, thoughts on races, and that's all gonna form right there.


And there's a little nogging. God, it's fascinating. Does it create a new relationship with your wife? Like, is there now some like, 'cause I've heard Schultz say that like, you know, you now, like, he would've times where he would call his wife to check on the baby and not be checking on her kind of. And so, like he said, just there were little dynamics like that, that he started to notice. Where does it make like, a new relationship with you and your wife? Does things still seem the same? Does it, or everything's just normal? Like, any thoughts on any of that? No, it's super different. Like, you, you, the baby becomes the priority, so you start to forget about each other. You know, it just becomes like, all right, I'll take 'em for this moment. You take 'em for that moment, you feed 'em. Did you, did you put 'em down? How's that going? So it turns into scheduling and very like, calculated almost.


So you gotta stay lovey, you gotta stay a couple. And so it's kinda like the two of you versus the baby. And you become a team, but you gotta make the team fun. You can't just go all in on logistics. You gotta still be cuddly and sexy and all that shit. And fun. And is it hard? How long do you have to wait before you can be sexually active with your Spouse? I think it was six weeks. So we did like six weeks and a day before I went and I jizzed dinner on accident. No. And I was like, what am I doing? I'm an idiot. This is how the Jackson five started. You know, why would you do that? I was like, I was, I had been so long that I, I lasted like eight seconds and, but you, it's, I couldn't pull out.


It felt good at that warm meat pocket. So I but that Dude to you knew what just happened there. I know, I know. I'm an idiot. But I, I hope hopefully she's barren at this point, But that's like, go, that's like, like walking out of a burning building Right. And going into another one And then, yeah. Hold on. And then It's like leaving tower one and going into tower two. Yeah. And it says gas above the door and you go in there and fucking blaze up a smoke. I know. I couldn't help it. And she was like, what the fuck are you doing? And I was like, you're right. You're right. So Do you think you did that? Is it almost, was it territorial or you just partying? I Think I was partying. I, I let loose too much. I I, I'm an idiot, but I'm, I'm just lucky we had a kid the normal way, the old fashioned way.


Everyone else is doing the IVF and adopting and all that, so Yeah. That's nice that these kids can swim. Oh, that is nice, man. I worry about that. Someone had a baby out of their butt too. You see that? No, no. That's Bring that Up an ass baby. That's tough. Well, it's, that's Some good sperm These days. It's the only way to get into this country. It feels like anal birth. Let's look at 'em. That's on Apple. Whoa. Whoa buddy. Hold on. Whoa. Anyone else? Hard God bro. Jesus. Just The article. That was wild. There's no article. There is, it was something on there. Those are Bands. Oh, there are?


Yeah. They'll come around. Somebody will write the article. Yeah. Is that real? Huh? Real as baby It has to have had happen. Wow. I guess it just came out the wrong shoot, you know? Yeah. The baby, a lot of 'em are working backwards. It's like, yeah. Have you ever seen those pictures of those guys that get stuck in those tunnels? Like in fucking Jews? Yeah, of course. But the baby had just got off on the wrong exit. They don't have GPS, you know, they still, they Left have left. Yeah. But they, it's like head towards the light brother. I guess so, yeah. Avoid the boom boom and go with the, the clam clam. Come on. God. Dude. That's crazy, man. That is crazy. It's weird how close they are. Isn't that weird? The butt hole in the vagina. They're like an inch apart. Put them further apart.


What are we doing here? It's like Israel and, and Palestine. There's two arch enemies living right next door to each other. That's Ridiculous, dude. And the Gaza strip right in the middle. What has, speaking of that, has there been like a lot of turmoil in, as you see a lot of turmoil in the state in New York City? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. It's crazy. It's, is it really? It's real. I mean, Columbia University is a hotbed of controversy and they, they deported that guy, whatever his name, Muhammad Falafel face and Yeah. It's rough. Yeah. And one of Rough, the food trucks went missing too. Ironically. The same day. Bring that guy up. Is that right? I dunno. Oh, I didn't hear about the, the old Pita. I can't believe after all the things that have been said.


That's the one where you say, is that Right? I mean, I believe it that shawarma is missing. Oh Dude. Yeah. Dude. Swarms my heart. Oh, swarms my heart. How is that not a shirt or, I'm sure it's the name of a food truck. It's gotta be, Yeah. What do we know about foreign college students targeted for deportation? Yeah. Which one did they have? The Trump administration has set off a legal and ethical firestorm by targeting international students at US colleges for deportation, including some whom the government alleges participated in pro-Palestinian protests or activities on campus. I will say the it, to be a Jewish guy around this, it's gotta be awkward. Like the, the, I feel like there's a lot of antisemitism hurled at them. And no one seems to give a shit.


Like if you make black comments, it's like a, it's a bad, it's national news, but I don't think anyone really gives a shit about the, the Jew feelings. Yeah. Well, I think you have to. I think you have to be able to separate. That's a good point. They don't get the, they don't get the, the oppression points that other groups get. That's a good point. Yeah. That's a good point, man. Well, 'cause I think that they've, from what I've learned, they've been like, had a tough time finding a territory to live in, right? Yes. Yes. Like historically that they've had a tough time finding a place to live in. Yeah. I think what the, what just hasn't helped has been the shitting Gaza. It's like, well, of course I think it's just made like, and then there's a lot of, I think people start looking then at like, ownership and oppressors.


Right. And I think you have a lot of Jewish people that are super successful. They're good. Yeah. At being successful, right? Oh, the best. They best they own the weather The best. Right. They Got It all. And so then I think it doesn't, that makes things like, I think that's where people take one bridge, go from one thing and bridge to another. Yes. Yes. Exactly right. And there's so much nuance here too that people forget. It's just good verse evil. But there's, there's complex shit going on here. Yeah. It's a lot of layers. We wanna just put black and white. But it's, It's true. There's a lot of layers. It's hard to figure a lot of it out. Oh Yeah. Mahmud kil, you're talking about a 30-year-old Columbia University international affairs graduate student of Palestinian descent was arrested on March 8th when ice agents appeared at his student apartment building.


Ooh. Can you even imagine that? I would think it was like one of those fraternity things they do in the morning Or whatever. Yeah, yeah. Like a initiation where they spray a air horn on you or hit you with a fire extinguisher. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was like Sigma Alpha genocide or whatever. And they're fucking taking you outside to tickle you until you fucking piss gin or whatever. Khalil is married to an American citizen who's pregnant with their first child. The Trump administration accused Khalil, a Palestinian activist of supporting Hamas and distributing pro Hamas propaganda. Though it is provided no evidence to support this claim. Wow. Yikes. It's a fuck. Tough time. Because then you also wonder like what, like, if, if there's Israeli influence, 'cause that's a big thing now, like how much Israeli influence is there in like American politics, you know?


Oh, It's a lot. Yeah. And it seems to be a ton. I feel like America's just like, it feels like we're just owned by Israel, you know? I thought and we just never knew it. I thought we own them. That's what I thought. Uhoh. But here's the thing. If we're just a team, and then just tell us, we're a fucking team. All Right. Tell us anything. We're all in the dark here. Everything's going over our yamah. I don't know what's happening. Yeah, dude. Everything's fucking sliding Right over that little hair wallet. Yeah. Right. But dude, how did, that's the thing, I think that would help everybody if, if they, they would just say, Hey, this is what's fucking really going on. Yes. So, 'cause otherwise I think you're just, there's still this ruse of pretending that people aren't gonna maybe figure it out. Or if you let people start to figure out themselves, then a lot of times people go to the worst place in their minds, right?


Yes. And you pick a side and that's it. It's just, fuck that side. We're left in the dark light a menorah. Get some light in here. Yeah. Light one of the candles, dude. One of 'em. Give us three out of eight. Yeah. That's not Bad. Or nine? Is it nine? I think it's eight. Yeah. Give that a check. But I think it's eight. But I agree, dude. And also like, how to be supportive of your Jewish friend that, you know, it's like, Oh, it is nine. Shit. My bad. Well done. Labia menorah. They snuck one in. Yeah, they always do. Yeah. Look at that's the guy they caught. He'll get laid off this though. He is got some, he's got some deported pussy. Oh, Definitely. Dude.


He's a bad boy. He is, huh? Yeah. Mamu kil speaks to members of media about the revolt for Rafa encampment at Columbia University. Dude, I think. But also, dude, the shit that's gone on over there is so horrific. Here's what I think is happened in Gaza recently. Right? I think they are testing a lot of, like the technology and things that they've weapons and stuff. I think they're testing it on that place. Who's they? Israel. Israel. Oh, interest. Boy, you're obsessed with Gaza. I, this is really taking over a lot of the brain. Well, I'm just, I think I got, maybe I got caught in a fucking Twitter hole the other night. Hell Yeah. That'll get you, man. Be careful. You had call Sean Ryan and tell him like, dude, everything's okay.


Right. I fucking, I got scared. Yeah. Holy shit. I, I'm, but don't that, that shit will make you sad. Don't, don't let it in. I don don't absorb it too much. Yeah, Yeah. Let's get off. We'll, we will get off of it. I mean, I, I don't know enough about it feel Bad, but of it's heart. Yeah. I don't either, but sometimes it's just heartbreaking. You're like, of how is this fucking going on? Yeah. Yeah. Or is there something that we don't know? Then just tell us that shit. Like I Know, I know. They, they won't tell us. They think we can't handle it, but this is way worse now. We're all killing each other and fighting in the streets. I agree. That's the thing. It's like, just tell us what is fucking going on. Yes. You know? Does that make sense to you too? Or does that sound crazy saying that? No, I'm with you a hundred percent. We don't know what's going on.


It's like the drones. We had all these drones in, in New York and everybody's like, is it weapons? Is it China? Is it this? And we're like, just tell us so we can go to fucking lunch and not, not freak out every day. Yeah. I just tell my niece that was Santa. Yeah. Is it fucking Papa John delivering n words to people? Yeah. You know, now that's a service. Remember when he had that deal, dude? Yeah. Black Olives matter. Dude, I don know if Black do black people go Papa John, what's the pizza of Cho? I thought they were more of a dominoes. That's a Good question. First of all, why don't they have more black specific businesses? Dude, Interesting's. Like, you got Poo Boo. But where, where's the black pizza company? Right, Right, right.


Yeah. That's a good question. They like to play Dominoes. Or maybe that's Puerto Ricans. No, But still that's close enough, right? Yeah. It's like, how, why is there not more? What's the top black-owned pizza company? And I believe this about a lot of things. Like where are the fucking black-owned businesses? Yes. They're out there. We just gotta blow 'em Up. Right. There we go. That's a good point. So, Okay. Slim and Huskies. Slim and Huskies. That's in, I think that's here. Yes. That's in Tennessee. Oh, there we go. Dude. I met the owner. Bring the owner up. I met him one time over at Fenwicks here in town. Nice. Dude. You save my day today, man.


Hey, we're saving their day. Go to Slim and Huskies. Get a fucking pie from these guys. Go to Slim and Huskies. Get that fucking father figure omelet. You know what I'm Saying? Dude. No, but go to Slims. There they are. They're the dogs right there. Who are they? Oh, there they are right there. Clint Gray. Derek Moore and Emanuel Reed baby. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Dude. Get the fucking big dog special over there. The founding, the trio who are also Tennessee State U alumni. Tennessee State University. Shout out TSU where my buddy Zita played. Kicker over there was the only white kid over there. Oh yeah. Kickers are how we slide in. Oh yeah, dude. You know, that's it. That's it. Yeah. But my buddy John Laster, he has a thing called black, and it's a black app.


It's like a app for black owned businesses. Really? So, yeah. That's, that's something. Get that shit. Yeah. Go to Blap. Check it out. Dude. This is one thing I think that a lot of cultures and ethnicities can learn from Jewish culture Ooh. Is how to like, support your culture, right? Yeah. Like, like There he is. We should do that. I think other groups should do it, I think, and other, other cultures may do it better than like Christians and Muslims. Yeah. But Jewish people do it well. They support their friends. They support their creations and the things that their friends make, you know? Yeah. I mean, they had to, I think they got pushed around, so they're like, we gotta start our own shit. We gotta start law firms and real estate and diamonds.


But they do a lot of stuff like invest in their children, their children. Like, you know, like learning education. Yeah. I think a lot can be learned from that culture. Man. Is that crazy to say that? I completely agree. I mean, I'm circumcised, so There you go. We took that from them. Yeah. Are you, huh? Are you cut? Dun dun dun. Oh, baby. Auction off. Dude. Call in if you fuck Theo. The Last inch they call it, dude. Yeah. Let's talk about something else that's more fun, man. Sorry, all. No, no. I mean, I'm interested, I just, But I think I was just curious what it's like in New York City because, you know, it's, It's, you could feel it. It's there. You remember how like BLM you could feel in 2020 or whatever that was. You could just kind of feel it. There was an energy. It's, it's that in New York with Jew Palestine.


Yeah. And it's heavy. Is it? Oh yeah. Wow. So, well, it's kind of crazy that two years ago you couldn't even say the word Israel. It felt like on a podcast you could always say, Jews are great, or whatever you say. Sure, sure. But it's an interesting group 'cause they're cloaked in whiteness, so you can't really tell It's the only group. Like, you, you, You don't like Asians. You can, you can kind of eyeball it. Yeah. You know what I mean? But Jews, it's, it's just like a white guy. Yeah. You Know, it's just a honky, it's like the a very successful honky. Yeah. I mean, they get an Ari Shafi that's like Jewish propaganda. I mean, that's a mug. Yeah, That is. He's working for someone. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


His show's coming back. Are you gonna, that's right. Are you gonna be able to do an episode of it? I am. I'm working on a story now. I Gotta work on one dude. He asked me. I just fucking, it's been hard. It's a lot of work. 'cause you gotta go out and run that st It is 10 minutes of awkward, weird. Hey, is this where the story should go? And how do I end it? But you gotta do it. I don Know if I can get it Right now. Yeah. I dunno if I can get it ready, but I think I gotta do this podcast coming up. Well, your last one was killer with the, the cabby and the coke. Oh, That cocaine. That was like my first story. That was like, that was like when I started talking about like being sober and shit like that. That was, that blew up. I mean, people really connected with that. That Story was crazy. I remember one part of it, this girl like laying in my lap and like, we were just like both, like I I, we were both had been drinking or whatever and I'm trying to like lean down and kiss her and I couldn't get to her face, you know?


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And you get so close and you're right there and she's fucking, you know, it's like Trying to blow yourself. You get so close. It's right there. God, that's a fucking Adam's. Apple stops you. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. I got a lick once, but I hurt myself. I like pulled a muscle. Oh, That's the worst when a guy's getting a Toradol shot because he's been fucking tongue washing his own cat. Yeah. I gotta do yoga or something. Oh dude. Yeah. Oh, that's the craziest though, dude. You asked Trump about Coke. Was that, give me, give it to me straight. I've known you for a while. How, how scary was it having him right next to you? Well, I'd seen him at UFC fights. I know, But this is like face to face podcasting.


I mean, conversation. I think I've felt for a while that things are turning into the WWE e that nobody's like super famous anymore. Things are merging pretty quick. Yeah. It's like it's, you have people who are coming up with like a crazy lyric on TikTok that are now selling out big music venues that bands who have been performing for 15 years can't sell out. Right. Right. So it's like, I think everything's just getting weird. It's like, you could have, like, you know, a year and a half ago sketch the, what's up brother? That guy was probably Oh yeah. For two months was the most popular guy in the world. Maybe. Totally. Like, everything's just, it's very strange now. So yeah, There's the lines are blurred. It used to be like celebrity, not now, it's just everybody's in there.


Right. It Used to be like, you and I would never talk to Harrison Ford. No. Or get to see, or like Kendall Jenner, you know, it's like, but now we have a chance to at least look at them as they drive by. Right, right, Right. Well you, you've talked to Shamu. I mean, he's like one of the biggest actors in the world. You're just hanging out with him. He didn't ask to edit the thing or anything. Totally fucking normal. Cool dude. Regular guy, right? Yeah. And he, he's plowing Kindle, which has gotta be a, or Kylie. It's gotta be a good size. And it seems like they're honestly like, kind of like in love birds. Like when I saw him. Yeah. It just seemed like they're like love birds, which made you give you some hope for Hollywood. 'cause you just think like everything's so manufactured. But, but anyway, that's, so that was part of it.


The second thing, oh dude, I'd had an interview Post Malone here the day before. And so I was so like just burnt out. Yeah. And I was just tired and know. But I just went up there. We flew directly there to his golf course. It was crazy. Like rich people were everywhere. Oh. Like kids were driving to the bottom of the pool and bringing up mutual funds and shit. Like way different. Damn. That was, was that Mar-a-Lago? It was something fancier than that. It was like fancier. It was New Jersey, huh. Oh, Okay. It was like Mar-a-Lago or something, or whatever they have up there, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. It was like, kind of like this. Yeah. Like Italian. There it is. Dude, Look at that. Whoa. And bro, they had ducks out there in the pond that were fucking like, organized as fuck.


None of these gay ass ducks you see at the park like that are just fucking doing dope or whatever. Right. Eating fucking bread from strangers. These motherfuckers I saw in Ploof, I think a sourdough line up in a straight line, classy And Perform motherfucker Damn ducks in a row. Oh Yeah. You could tell they were gonna be lunch if they didn't land every, every fucking, if they didn't land every move in sequence. Right. So that was crazy. Then they, then you had secret service everywhere, right? Oh yeah. But they're still fans. You pull in, they frisk and shit and they're all like, Hey, I fucking love the thing. And then you're just taking selfies with 'em. You're holding their gun. Right? Oh, you're pointing their gun at them and like, it'll shoot.


You Know? That's the best. I love getting the working man. Like when you get like a garbage man or a cop and he is like, Hey, comedy. I'm like, yes. I want you as a fan. That's the best dude. It's the best. Yeah. There's nothing better, dude. Anytime. If I'm walking down the street and I see a couple of guys digging in a hole or whatever, hiding the bodies or whatever. Right. Jews again. Yeah. Or funneling monies for fucking Schwab through one of those Fucking Yiddish mattress sale tunnels or whatever. I always stop and get photos with those guys. Oh yeah. Anybody that does something real. Yes. Yes. And those are the most sane guys, by the way. Yeah. By the way. We, you see that Adam Corolla went on some rant where he is like, you know, we, we hate dudes, but like, who do you think is fixing the LA fires?


It's just a bunch of dudes getting in there and getting their hands dirty and building shit. Yeah. He's, he's got a point. And like, that's what's so annoying about politics. That's why I can't pick a side. Or it's so, like Gavin Newsom's got a pocket, he's talking to Steve Bannon. He is like, yeah, these trans are crazy. And you're like, and he is like, we've got too many regulations in California. We're like, you are the guy. Right. You are the, you, you are the governor. You make the rules. Dickless change it. Why are you telling us about it? Well, it's the same thing with America. Even in like, America's supporting like the Gaza stuff. It's like, well, what are, then you're complicit. It's like all of a sudden we're complicit in it. That's, that's what makes everything so tricky. It's like, are we standing up for ourselves? Are we not standing up for ourselves? Who are we supposed to support? It used to felt like we knew what was supposed to happen.


Yeah. Yeah. That's true. It used to feel like we knew And whether we were right or wrong or, or, or just being fed like sheep, you still knew where to go. Right. Even if you were wrong, you knew where, what America stood for or whatever the fuck. But then it brings you back to like, I think the Vietnam times when you saw this protest. Oh yeah. Because I used to hear about the protestor in Vietnam and I'm like, what would they be protesting? Like, we're doing this war. That's what's supposed to happen. But then you realize that there was a group of people who ended up being, a lot of times some of the coolest people who were like, this isn't right. Right, right. Who didn't believe like the propaganda machine. Yes. So it's crazy that if things could even get out then that the same kind of, it's just so, I don't know. It's just interesting man. It is. It is. And and I think the, the, the cracks are opening up because the internet and everybody's talking and sometimes it's too many people talking.


But yeah, you can kind of start to see the bullshit a little more now there's more light on it. Yeah. It's just crazy. 'cause then it's like, what happens? You just gotta take care of yourself. Take care of your loved ones. That's gotta be important. That's one good thing about a kid. It just, you focus you, you're not thinking about Twitter, you're not thinking about this. You're just like, ah, this kid has got a shit diaper and I gotta change it. And that's it. Really. Oh yeah. So it kind of just, it makes you, you got one problem, you don't have a million problems. Yeah. It's just get this kid to not have down syndrome. And when do you find that out? I think pretty early. That's why you see less of 'em now. I think people are nipping that in the bud. Hmm. I know.


It's sad. 'cause you, you like seeing one every now and then. Oh yeah, man. Especially, well, they started, I hate to say this, Oh baby. They got more talented over the past 20 years. Oh Yeah. There's a lot of models, Downsy models. They got more talented. And I got proven wrong. I had always known that Down Syndrome people couldn't walk backwards. Right. Is That right? Whoa. That had always been a big thing in our area. But now a woman disprove me on that. Oh, Good for her. This is like the Jackie Robinson of Downs. Oh Yeah, dude, Good for her. Oh yeah, that's it. I mean, I don't know the, the, the moment has passed, but yeah, I'll play it real quick.


He goes on a hell of a rant. Does he? Yeah. They give a shit about young dudes now because they're losing their demo. They were the enemy. Young white dudes were always the enemy or heterosexual dudes or whatever. And now they, they lost, they're losing their constituency. So now they have to pretend to go fly. Yes. Yeah. She sign an executive order aimed at increasing young men's enrollment and education and skilled training programs. So yeah, they're doing some catch up Right Now. Yeah. Okay. Perhaps you shouldn't have waged war on them for the last 15 years. Amen. Fucking retards. That would've been nice. We, we got A clip of Nick Toxic masculinity and all You assholes shut you Connecticut governor.


Trying To, Hey, by the way, can I just, let me say this. Lemme just say this. Please listen to me. Everyone. I toured the sites of, of pa of, of Altadena and the Palisades and Malibu, there's a whole bunch of people with dicks and balls who are fucking driving excavators and trucks and operating all the heavy equipment. All the fucking people you hate. All the people who didn't go to college. All the guys with the cocks and the balls, all the guys who don't give you their pronouns, that place has been completely rebuilt by just them.


Amen. Nobody looks like you. Nobody uses pronouns. No. He, she's none of your fucking freak shows. None of your Admiral Levine's. Nobody looks like that. It's just a bunch of fucking dudes who go by. He and him. Fuck yeah. That's good. Rebuild it. Yeah. It's, Yeah. You need Mike Rose children in there every now and then, dude, that's who you need. But it's a great point. It's like you're trying to build this, you're gonna have places that are gonna fall apart. You know, at some point guys are gonna be like, we're not rebuilding for these motherfuckers anymore. That's true. At some point you're gonna have a military that's like, I'm not fighting this fucking war for you anymore. You go fucking figure it out. You know? Right, Right. Exactly. That's why they contract military guys in there. So they're fucked. A lot of times people don't realize That.


Yes. That's a good point. But also the, the, the binary world we live in now, everything's gotta be, like I said, black versus white. So women hear that and they go, oh, you hate women. You're like, no, no, we love women. Women are awesome. Martha Stewart rules. But can't we both be awesome? Right. Why do we have to have one or the other? Like, oh, these men talking about they're complaining. Fuck men, women are great. You're like, yeah, women are great, but why can't men be great too? Let's just both be great. Yeah, they, yeah. But it's like, I don't know. Sorry. Went off on a road again. No, no. But it's just a weird time. It's a heightened time. It is. It is. And I think we used to go at each other racially. And now, now that like, I feel like racial harmony. Obviously we're never gonna be perfect, but now we just go at each other Opiniony, you don't agree with me.


You don't agree with me. Fuck you, I'll kill you. And it used to be, we used to be divided up in different ways, mostly by race. You know, back in the fifties, whites only blacks only. But now it's like we're divided by opinion and it's, if you don't agree with somebody, they just take it personally and then they lash out at you and you're like, but not agreeing on everything is, I like pussy gay guys like dick. You know, we, we don't have to fight about it. Yeah. We're both going to Cincinnati. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. But dude, no, that's a great point. Tell me a little bit more about that man. 'cause I think I fall victim to that too sometimes. Like, kind of Say that again for me. Well, we, everything is opinion and, and what side you're on and what stance you take.


And if you don't agree with that opinion fully or one little thing, not even fully one little thing about it, I don't, I don't buy that part. Then they just turn on you and they go, you're the enemy. And you're like, whoa, how did we get here? You know? And we gotta just start going, oh, you think that why? Oh, I never thought of it that way. I mean, I still think this, but you think that And can't we all get along? Yeah. Why do we get so attached to our, I think 'cause we have no identity anymore. People have no identity. Everything's So e we got Mater Modernity, we got a phone, we got Uber Eats up our ass, we got anything. You, you just get shit delivered to your house and no one's living anymore. No one's like connecting. You know, we used to have kind of a community and this, All this shit has been said before, but I think before you had actually had to like, do shit and get your hands dirty.


And now everything's given to us and if something doesn't go our way, we don't know how to handle anymore. Where shit used to not go your way at all back in the day. Like, your fucking kids would die. So you had another kid, or, you know. Yeah. It used to be your kids would die, you would have another kid like two days later. Yeah. And everybody just got along and, and dealt with it. There wasn't like a guy going, ah, my kid died. I'm bummed out. I'm doing a GoFundMe. And everybody goes, you're so brave. Good for you. Like, Right. And they would even name the new kid the same name as the other kid. They would, it would be like Matthew the second or whatever. Yes. Yes. Matthew too. Like, it was all like one of those Apollo returning things or whatever. It was a sequel. Yeah. It was like, yeah, Avengers nine.


We're fast than The Furious. This is Fast than The Furious. This is Avengers eight. Yeah, Bro, it's so, that's such a good point, man. Wow. It doesn't have to be like this, but I think it gives you a, it gives you an identity and a personality to attack. Oh, Theo thinks this, I'm gonna go against Theo because I'm this and I gotta show everybody I'm this, I gotta plant my flag. Right? Yeah. And that's what they call identity politics, right? I guess so. Yeah. It's bad News. What is the term? Identity politics. Bring it up. I just wanna see what it means. So I know. And everybody has to start us in as a white man, as a black woman. Right. As a gay Jew, as a qu bitch. Identity politics is politics based on a particular identity such as ethnicity, race, nationality, religion, denomination, gender, sexual orientation, social background, political affiliation, caste age, disability intelligence, and social class.


What, it's kind of interesting 'cause you also have to represent, like, you have to speak up sometimes for where you're from. Like, you know, otherwise your group can get totally just trampled over, I guess so, But at the same time it's like, but There's a hierarchy that's part of the problem too. It's like black trans is more important than Right. Like White Lady. Yeah, yeah. Than Asian Sagittarius or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. But three Asian Sagittarius is beat one black trans. Exactly. It's like poker now. Yeah. You got a royal flush. Oh, Left-handed gay dude from Minneapolis. Oh, forget about it. Yeah. But that's the other thing is we, we, we have to have all these differences. Full house, like black, black versus white, whatever.


But really when you think about it, we can find a difference anywhere and hate somebody like the Hutu and the Tootsies. They're all black, but they just hate each other for some religious reason. I don't, I'm a too stupid to know. Oh, I'm too stupid too, dude. But what I'm saying is if they joined together and just attacked whoever owned the fucking land right near them. There you go. Then they would make some progress. That's a perfect example. The Bloods and the Crips. It just, it just comes down to clothing at that point, you know? Yeah. It's blue versus red. It's silly. Yeah. I, what was something you said a second ago that was really great? Oh, the, Oh, these tariffs are getting, getting outta control. Oh yeah. The tariffs are getting outta control. All the everyday items that will cost Americans more following Donald Trump's global tariffs.


But here's the thing with tariffs is the, the goal of tariffs is that if they, if it costs more for people to bring their products in, then they'll build them here. Yes. Right. That's part of it. Yeah. So it's kind of a long-term play. You, it's gonna take A while. It's gonna be bumpy for a while. Right. But that's if it works. Right. So we'll see. But it might take 10 years. Right. If we don't try this though, then I think it's a wrap. Oh, you think just go for it. Bite. Bite the belt and go for it. I do. Because I think at this point, even from my own perception, we'd probably on this tour, this comedy tour, we've been to probably the top 200 cities, like size wise in America, maybe, maybe even more than that. And a lot of them, there's nothing there.


Yes. It's empty downtowns. Oh yeah. It's set, boarded up everything. We're In Amarillo, it's empty. Downtown Shreveport, Louisiana. It was empty downtown Toledo, Ohio. Right. It's getting a little bit better there, but, and that's just a few. Yeah. I mean, a lot of places Montgomery just empty. Yep. And so you start to be like, nothing's gonna, there's nothing coming that's gonna make that different, right. Yeah. And maybe it doesn't matter. Maybe that's just how society changes and evolves. And we just end up with like seven big cities in America. And the rest of it is just like rural land where people live and have great lives, but they're not in like a city. Yeah. And these things fall by the wayside.


And Don't, don't forget, we got automation coming, we got AI coming, so like jobs are going away quick and everything's digital now. There's nothing manufactured here. And why do we keep building? Right. And that's one of the, that's one of the things that people say, well, even if you bring jobs back here, those jobs are gonna disappear because of AI anyway. Oh yeah. That's one of the side, that's one of the other arguments against, against doing the tariffs at all. Damn. Alan Iversson. So it's fucking, it's weird, man. And then the weirdest thing you start to realize, I feel like, is that you're just a member of your government. Whatever the choices they're making. Yeah, That's, that's something that's been big recently. It's like, oh whatever choice the government makes, I'm a member of this country.


But if you, if you don't, if they don't make you feel like you're a part of something, like there's no benefits to being a member at a certain point you're like, damn, it's a weird club to be in. Yeah. Yo, maybe we gotta overthrow the government. Maybe that's what's what's next. How do you do that do you think? I Think we got, we got 'em outnumbered. I mean we got a lot of people here. Right. And we can, you know, send out a couple tweets and texts and get everybody on board. We people have guns. You probably got a gun. So there you go. We'll, we'll get in there and shoot some people. Shoot Pelosi and where do you meet up, you think at Dollar General or something? Yeah. You know some nice community place we all know about. And we'll meet at the, the KFC slash Taco Bell get a meal and revolt. Yeah, dude.


A belly full of fucking, oh, what Is, that's a gas chamber. Oh. When those pizzas came out, they were so good. Remember that in high school? Oh, the Mexican pizza. Mm. Amazing. That'll make you wanna open the border. God Remember how fucking good they, and when they first came out, I think they might've had even real meat in 'em. Dude. Woo. Those were the days And someone pooped in the meat over in Mandeville. Really? Oh, the whole town didn't know what to do. There were people crying over at the parking lot. Could you tell the difference? I don't know if you could or not. Somebody, I don't know who had it. That's the thing, we never found out who had it, but they really busted it. Run of research on that poop in the meat of it there at Taco Bell. Well, what do you think it is now? Horse or Dog?


Manville, Louisiana. I'm not sure It tastes damn good either way. I love Taco Bell. That's probably my favorite. Fast food. Pseudo lodges. Feces found in Taco Bell. Item. There you go. A new lawsuit has been filed against Taco Bell Restaurant just months after the company settled a series of lawsuits out of court following a 1995 Hep Hepatitis outbreak in the suit filed Wednesday third district an anom, this is fucking gonna make me laugh. An anonymous couple. And their 10-year-old son alleged the boy found feces in a soft shell. Taco damn bought bought it a drive up window at the Cottonwood Heights Taco Bell, Fort Union Boulevard.


Oh, this isn't in my, this is Salt Lake City man. Oh, imagine eating that, that pupa. I know, huh. God Damn. You gotta put a lot of fire sauce on that turd. Yeah. Just to get it down. Just to get that motherfucker down. Yeah. You ever tasted shit, huh? I don't think so. Have you had any accidentally with the baby being around? Oh, well they say shit's on everything. Your keyboard is apparently a fucking cesspool of Flint water. But yeah, I mean, I've tasted piss. Yeah. That was not pleasant. Oh, I've had a little, even during a fast one time I was fasting for like three or four days and I was in the shower and I fucking, you don't even realize what you're doing. Wait, how did you get the piss in your mouth?


I'm pissed. Straight up. Damn. That's impressive. Piss straight up. Yeah. You got a good can to the top of my head if I'm standing there. No way. Yeah, that's, damn, that's not easy. Especially at our age. I can piss really good man. Wow. Wow. Yeah, I can piss pretty. I'm trying to think. Yeah, I can piss pretty good. And then you just get a fucking, yeah, I've been fasting and I took a side sip off that bitch because, you know what I'm saying? Dude, You gotta try it once, I'll Show them. Yeah, it's a weird flavor. It's tangy as shit. Yeah, It's very, it's kinda like hot coffee. That's what my ex-girlfriends used to say. Really? She's a keeper. I mean, I let her go, unfortunately. Oh damn God, dude. What's she up to now? Hanging out with r Kelly, I guess Working in, I'm not even sure.


Probably working in at that Geyser Park in National Geographics. Dude. Hot Springs baby. What else do we want to talk about, dude? Well, I think the world is in on fire. So buy, buy some whiskey. I'm selling a whiskey out there. Me and Sam started a Whiskey. Oh, bodega Cat. You Got it. Yep. Yeah, it's not legal in Tennessee yet, but we're gonna get it here. God dammit. Let me see if what we can do here for Please. The red tape is bananas. It is, yeah. It's so hard to get it places. Is it? Oh yeah, you got, it's all mob run. It's all super moy and you gotta like work your way in. Yeah, there's all these old fashioned rules and shit. Damn. Yeah, Sam's drinking it on Seth Meyers right there. Oh, he took it on there. Yeah.


So Bodega Cats. So didn't they just have an issue too about Bodega Cats in New York? Probably. They're always there. That's where we got the, the idea. Really? Yeah, we just, you wanna a bodega, there's always a cat sleeping on the bread and you always go, it warms your heart. So we go, Hey, how about a whiskey that'll warm your heart? Yeah, I love that idea. Bodega Cats make New Yorkers hearts per, even if they violate state regulations. Oh Yeah. I'm sure it's a health code thing, but Cute. But they have a rat issue there, so of course you can have cats so you can't get fucking mad. Exactly. You need a bodega cat, You need 'em. New York City's bodega Cats are beloved fixtures in the Big Apple, but they're on the wrong side of the law. Ooh. The convenience store cats that live at many of the cities, bodegas and delis look innocent enough spending their days lounging and sun soak storefronts are slinking between shells of snack foods as they collect friendly pets from customers.


State law bars. Most animals from stores that sell food with Bodega o owners potentially facing fines. You can't bill these fucking guys. They're probably charging these cats to even be in the city after 4:00 PM I bet. Yeah. Right. But you need it. It's old school. We get rid of the rat. You get a cat that's like as old as time. Yeah, but the rats hate the cat. It's like a Indian with deodorant. They don't get along. Oh Yeah, bro. Oh, it's that full body swarm brother. Oh yeah. It's palpable. Oh, it's that scurry. I'll fucking run from that shit if I smell it, I gotta go. Oh Yeah. That's crazy. So Bodega Cat is a new, it's a whiskey, It's a rye whiskey. Yeah. It's been around for a while. We're just, it's such a slow process.


We're getting in one bar at a time. We got in all the comedy clubs. A lot of theaters. Do you? Yeah. Is it down at the mothership? It is, yes. That's awesome. So if you were at the mothership, you can order Bodega Cat. Yep. Is it a good Whiskey? It's a great whiskey. We taste tested a million of 'em. We've, we've had like experts try it and they like it. We got it. The comedy store, the Comedy Cellar, I mean it's all over Really? Oh yeah. Coast to coast. And is it it has alcohol in it. It is a big bottle of whiskey. Yeah. Okay. So you can't, so yeah, if you can't drink, you can't drink. But you could get one for a friend. Yeah. You could watch your dad drink it. Watch your mom drink it. Do you mix it with something?


You can have it straight up. It's got a nice spice to it. Or you can put soda water or coke or whatever the hell. Okay. Bad decisions. Mix it up. Bodega Cat. Dude, I wanna see you guys win with this. We're trying, we wanna retire on this puppy. And it's, it's, people seem to like it when they try it, so get a bottle. I love that. And this is you and Sam Morell. Oh, that's hilarious, dude. Yeah, just a couple of old pals. So we, we feel like, we're you, you're sober now? Everybody got sober on us, so we're like, the last men barely standing. You know, we're, we're, we're, we're hunched over you guys. Shane. Yeah, Shane. He's, but he's a beer guy. Yeah. So we, we like the liquor. So like Dan Soder, Joe List, all these guys they got, they got sober Bert's out there.


Yeah, Bert is definitely, he's the Neil Armstrong of alcohol. Yeah, yeah. Or whatever that guy is. He's just out on the moon. Yes. One, one small step for or alcoholism. Yeah. I'm just trying to think if there's something else we should talk about. Go through the news really quick. Stories. If there's a couple, Trump had that gold card thing for wealthy immigrants to expedite citizenship? Yeah. Oh, that's doing well. Oh, that gold card. Yeah. Yeah. Trump had that gold card. Is it doing well? I heard they sold a thousand of 'em already. Nuh. Which is what? What's that 5 million? I'm an idiot. Times 1000. That is 500 million. Thank you.


That's a lot of, lot of scratch. No, it's more than that. It's 5 billion. Is it? Jesus, Do 5 million times 1000. God, We should know this. 5 billion. You Had it, you had it The second time. Second time. Asian St. Tammany Parish. Yeah. That's AI's gonna take over. He Pulled out the Trump card. President Trump proudly showed off the design of his administration's new $5 million gold card to reporters aboard Air Force one on Thursday. Let me just see what it looks like, dude. Yeah. Are they selling commemorative ones? They have to be. That's a smart move. But does it look like a Walmart card or like a Costco? It's gotta look cool. Ah, damn. It looks Chinese. That's like Mao Bro.


Fucking so Mao dude, bro. And yeah, but that's wild that they're selling those. What do you think about that? Because now it's like this, you can just be a citizen of 5 million bucks. Well, I feel like if you got five mil to, to throw away to get in America, you want to get here and you, you're not like a, like a poor guy. Right. So you probably have, you're probably doing all right. So yeah, bring them in. So it's become like a home for the elites. This has become a, it's become the San trope or whatever. There You go, of humanity. But do they still have to pass immigration tests? What is the rules with that? Oh, good question. You hope so? You still, you can't just buy your way in. You gotta still do the homework, Dude, I'm gonna do that. If I get to meet him again, I'm gonna ask him if, if I can have one of those as a gift.


Oh my God. But you're already in. You don't need one. But I'll stay in. Yeah, you can frame that bitch. I'm Staying in. Mom. You could use that at every bar here. You want my id Goldie? Yeah. Suck It. Yeah. Well, what does it say? Does he have any other information on it? Sydnee Sweeney could sell a few of those to her box. I'll tell you that. God, Dude, I can't believe you came and your wife again. I know. I gotta get my shit together, mark. Yeah. I'm an idiot. We'll see what happens. She's very, she's very fertile. Is she? Oh yeah. Fertile Myrtle over here. God, you could throw a, like a, there's a, I've never done that. You've never gotten a lady pregnant? I've never ejaculated in a woman. What?


Yeah. Wow. Talked about this before. Yeah. My whole life. I haven't. That's Boy, you got good willpower even when you were drinking. Yeah, man. I'm impressed. Goodwill Spanking. That's my, that's my movie coming out. The proposal aims to supplement or replace the existing EB five Immigrant Investors Visa program, which required foreign investors to create or preserve 10 permanent full-time jobs for US workers. The Gold Card simplifies this process by allowing the wealthy foreigners to pay $5 million for a visa granting them green card privileges and a route to citizenship. Do they self to pass immigration?


Lemme see. At the White House press conference on February 26th, Trump in the US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick, introduced the concept of a gold card as a new pathway to US citizenship. Mm. It's not a bad idea that there's this golden ticket kind of 'cause at least they're making money off it. Yeah. I'm just curious to see. They've talked about getting rid of the fed, getting rid of the IRS if that shit can happen. Yeah. That's some big moves. Very radical. It'd be crazy. And we wouldn't have to pay taxes anymore. Like just, Well, we used to not have income tax in America back in the day. I know that came up later. It'd be nice to get back to that. Oh, and we could use it. I mean, eggs are $9 million now. Are they? Eggs are way through the roof. Yeah. They Busted more people bringing eggs in than they busted fentanyl dealers, which is kind of insane.


Is that a Joke? No. Whoa. How do you carry that in? I mean, fentanyl, at least you can throw it in a, in a car tire or something. But eggs, you gotta really, You gotta hide That shipping and handling. I know. That's a good point. Huh? You have to walk real slow with 'em balancing your head. Yeah. Uscs large rise in border seizures of eggs while fentanyl rates Fall. Damn. Well, it's at least fentanyl's going down With egg prices. S soaring due to the bird flu outbreak. Border officials say they're catching more people attempting to bring eggs in the United States illegally. Wow. US customs and border protection said this week, that seizure of raw eggs ever risen by 48% at entry points. Damn. In fact, sharp increases in egg seizures are outpacing borders. Official interceptions of deadly fentanyl.


It's so much easier to catch an egg though. Of course. Of course. You can just shake a guy and then watch it run down his leg. Yeah, But We gotta get a chicken. What are we doing? Just get your own chicken. You'll be like, it's like growing your own weed now. Yeah, dude, it really is. Dude, dude, make a fucking omelet. That's what I would do about that. He's gotta go, Man. And, and then you wanna do the chickens know about the egg prices. They'd probably feel pretty good about themselves. Like, damn, I'm shitting out gold here. Yeah. Imagine the pride they would walk around with, Huh? Exactly. Ba And now Hooters is gone. So they're not getting chopped up for the wings. They chickens are living the dream. Dude, I quit. The last Hooters I went to was that one over out on the fucking West Bank over there. Oh Yeah. The one where Anthony Davis. Nuh, Look at that.


Oh shit. I didn't even realize that. That's crazy, dude. I That an old one dude did not realize that that's one where Anthony Davis allegedly knocked up the waitress. Remember that? Yes. Hoo that on the back baby. Yeah. That was a great Hooters. God, it was pretty good over there. Oh yeah. But if RFK saw us eating that, he'd shit the bed. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. It'd be crazy to see what would happen, man, if they, if they stop Hooters, we're all gonna be bad off. We do need better food. I think like a lot of people get mad about RFK, but I'm like, we are sick. We are fat. We are obese and we are, we pay the most in healthcare and we have the, we're the least healthy And racism too. Sure. They can't really fix that can you? But You don't see somebody fasting that's using the fucking racial slurs.


That's true. You don't see somebody fasting yelling out of their fucking window with their last, like, living available energy. Right. But if you yell the N word, you better run fast. You gotta get the hell out of there. Yeah. You gotta Be fast. Yeah. That's a different kind of fasting. One more thing. Anything else you wanna talk about again before we leave? Mark? Anything you wanna think Of? Oh boy. I feel like we covered a lot. I mean, we Did we to, we totally Did. You gotta ask out Sydnee Sweeney. That could be your new, your next kid could be a Sweeney. Oh, she's gonna be upset though. We talked about her breasts I bet. In the beginning. Yeah. But I think she's heard it all. I mean, she imagine the fucking creepos DMing her. That's A good point. Yeah. And you're telling me to DM her now. Wow. But you're a nice guy. You're successful.


You're funny. She's gonna be upset though. But we were just joking. Yeah, of course. We're joking. You know, we Were just joking, dude. I'll just watch White Lotus season one. That was great. Oh, nice. Yes. Two is good and three is bananas. It is. I mean, it, they they upped It. I can't even imagine. It's naughty, it's dark. And don't watch it with your parents. I'll just say that. Tuesdays with Stories. That's it. Tuesdays with Stories and We Might Be Drunk. Those are the pods. Yeah. I still gotta fucking come up there, man. We'd love to have you. It's an open invite anytime I Owe you, man. Yeah, no, No. Pro. I know you're a busy queef. What about Luigi? I heard he is go going to the death chair, Man.


Gioni. Yeah. Uhuh. Oh yeah. Did he really? I heard he is getting the, the death penalty. Maybe I'm wrong, but Yeah, look at that guy. Kind of pisses me off, man. The irony. Well, it sucks that he did this. You know, you shouldn't go around killing people, but it didn't change anything. Right? That's the worst part. Well, it just shows you, man. I mean, I saw a a, a Luigi Mangione facing a slew of federal and state charges in the sling of healthcare. CEO Brian Thompson could be sentenced to death if he's convicted of federal murder charges. And what criminal justice experts say was a rare but unsurprising move to pursue the death penalty by the Justice Department this week. Wow. Damn dude. Remember Attorney General, Pam Bondi announced Tuesday that she's instructed federal prosecutors to seek the death penalty from Manji 26.


Dude, remember what happened with those Epstein binders? Remember that shit? Oh yeah. That and the JFK that just kind of went away. Well, I think there was nothing new in the JFK. Right, right. I think everybody just kind of like, it feels like there's nothing new there. But remember the binders, they gave them all to these like six like kind of bizarre influencers. Yeah. And it, look how, I mean, bro, how staged, this is the most staged thing ever, right? Yeah. And they kept be like, today's the day it's coming out. And you're like, well, what are you doing to me? And Then nothing has happened since then. No. They're edging us with this list. Yeah. How could it take this many years? How fake or procured? It's almost like you're just, I bet in the background they are threatening everybody.


You're gonna be on this list. Yeah. If you don't fucking file suit Right now, That's gotta be it. It's leverage. And then look at this binders that, I mean, how fake is that? Well, we got Ghislaine. She's just sitting in a jail cell. Let's talk to that broad. Who Is it? Ghislaine Maxwell. She did all the recruiting. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. She was like the, she did the college recruiting or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. She ran the portal. Yeah's Exactly. Out the portal. Yeah. She's around. We could talk to her, but No, That's a good point. Where is she? What is she up there? I think she's sitting in a jail cell, like living it up. It's getting fucking interesting in the world. Guys, if you wanna live in an interesting time, fucking this is it.


This is it. You like playing the game. Clue. This is it, man. That's it. Every day is clue. You know, it's the school shooter in the homeroom with the ak Yeah. Every day. Dude. The pelicans suck still. Yeah. Yeah. They fucking suck. What else is new? Yep. That's it. Saints. You hope for 'em next season? Always. Always. I feel like we got one Super Bowl win in 2010 and it's, it's all downhill. But we had the, the Super Bowl in in New Orleans looked fucking amazing. Did you go? No. Ah, killed me. I was texting Gillis. I was texting Bert. Like, I had so much fomo. 'cause you know, we're from there and it was just, we should have been there. The city was alive. We should have been there. I just had a kid, so I couldn't leave. Oh, that kid's only a couple months old.


Yeah, Two months. Wow. Crazy. Is it, do you really miss it when you're gone from it? I Do. He's in the car Right now. But you're lying. No, no, but Fuck. Yeah, he's, oh my God. Go him a coffee or something. That's a lot, man. Congratulations dude. I feel bad. I feel like I didn't ask you enough about your kid. No, no. It's, everybody's got a kid. It's retards and crackhead have kids. You know, it's not that it's not that big of a deal, but is it fun having a kid in the city or does it make you start to think about moving out? Well, I got, I got lucky. Me and the lady, we had the kid on the way, so we moved to Brooklyn. We got a backyard. We got some space, so that helps. Okay. But I just, I like New York. Yeah. So we're staying.


Well, you're an energy. You like, you're, you're that guy. Yeah. God, that guy. Mark Norman. Thanks so much, dude. You have your new series that's on YouTube. It's on punch up live, which is like a, a paywall kind of thing. Okay. So go to punch up live.com Page to Stage. Okay. Page to Stage. You got it. And, and you have your two podcast Tuesdays with Stories. Yep. And We Might Be Drunk. We Might Be Drunk. Mark Norman. Thanks so much, dude. Have a blast it. Kill Tony, man. Thank you. If we can even say you're doing it and Yeah. Who dat dude, who dat for life? Good to see you, buddy. You too, man. Thank you, bro. Now I just on the, and I feel I'm falling like these leaves.


I must be cornerstone. But when I, I this,


What do A mechanic and an auto shop owner in Georgia, a taco restaurant operator in Arizona and a lifesaving medical innovator in Tennessee have in common. They're all small business owners and they're all thriving on TikTok across the us. Over 7.5 million businesses from family owned shops to entrepreneurs are using TikTok to compete and grow. In fact, 74% of businesses on TikTok say TikTok has allowed them to scale their operations, increasing sales and expanding to new locations. And that growth means jobs. Today there are over 7.5 million US businesses on TikTok employing more than 28 million people. And that number keeps growing. Small businesses thrive on TikTok. Learn more about TikToks contribution to the US economy@tiktokeconomicimpact.com.