
You know, life's better with a good hack. Like learning the secret menu at your favorite restaurant or stumbling upon a buy one, get one sale at the mall. Well, there's a wireless hack too, and it's called Visible Visibles. Like ordering from the secret menu in wireless, you get unlimited data and hotspot and playing. Start at just $25 a month for one line taxes and fees included. Plus visible runs on Verizon's 5G network for great coverage, fast speeds, and a seamless connection. And it's all digital. Don't like going to the phone store. Visible doesn't have them. You switch from your phone and manage your plan in an app. Now that's a hack. If you're ready for wireless, that'll let you live in the know. Make the switch@visible.com. Plans start at $25 a month. For our best features, get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, see visible.com for plan features and network management details.


Today's guest is the head coach at Ole Miss down in Oxford, Mississippi, which is where we are taping today. He's helped take that program to New Heights in the past five years. He's got his own group of fans called the Laney Acts, and it was great talking to him about his mentality on life coaching and leadership. Today's guest is the one, the only Lane Kiffin.


Yeah, bro. So you invited, did you invite me to Pilates or did you invite me to yoga? Which one? Yoga. Okay. Very big difference. Yeah. My daughter's actually a Pilates teacher, but yoga's like better, like the hot yoga part of it. Yeah, the intensity. Like make it so, so miserable, you know? That's what I do. I control the heat in the back. You do? Yeah. At the yoga studio. Yeah. Oh, that's great man. Yeah. Does it remind you almost of game day out there on the field? Like is it gets It gets pretty, I mean, you're in the SEC so it's really, this is really humid area. Yeah. So I make it that way too. Like that we're playing like in the swamp or in, in Baton Rouge, like in our early September game, so it's like really hot. So you gotta like fight through it. Yeah, yeah. Baton ratchet dude.


That's what I call it. Yeah, I was trying to get you to go to morning, so then like you would've gone through the misery and the experience and then we'd like discuss it on air. So you'd be like, man, I did get my yoga in this morning though. Yeah, a little slower. Yeah, a little different. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I got it in at room temp. This isn't like traditional yoga like flow, which that's good. And that's actually where I started with it. Then I was like, I gotta go to another level, like make this, put a heater in there, like make it as hot, intense, and then like put cardio in there. And I just like bringing new people to, and then they struggle, so it makes me feel good about myself. Oh, I see. Yeah. Yeah. That's Part of it. That's so, oh yeah, that right. Yeah. That was me. That's just a couple hours ago getting it done with my Cat Williams statue right there. Yeah. I, I didn't know what that was like Nutcracker or something.


Oh yeah, that's a, that's a statue of Cat Williams that they have, but yeah. So is that a big part of your, like is yoga like a regular part of your day usually? Or your week? Yeah, Every day. Every morning it like starts my day that way and so there's no phone for an hour, you know, and you gotta like, you gotta get uncomfortable. Yeah. And you gotta sit in it. So I figured if I can start my day, usually at like six o'clock in the morning that way and be so uncomfortable, that's the hardest part of my day. The rest of it man, I can deal with the rest. Yeah. And so that, you know, you just, you get in those poses too and those positions you're just like, man, this is, I want to get out of this discomfort. Right. So I gotta stay in the discomfort and over time just I'm able to stay it longer and longer and more intense with the heat.


And I feel like the rest of the day, man, I'm just kinda like chill for the rest of the day. And what, so the, the heat's been ramped up. What's the next thing you think you would add into to Lane Kiffin? Like the Lane Kiffin yoga experience, which almost seems like people should wear pads to be added, it seems like. Yeah. Yeah. Well we have playlists, so we got good music, good energetic music. We put some cardio in there now. And so we challenge the teachers like come up with the hardest things possible. So they just like make this list of stuff like, you know, back when you were like young and you were like training in high school. Yeah. And they just put up all the, all the different, like three by 10, three by 15 like Aldis and keep going. And then like some of the classes like are public. So we got students in there, we got other people in there, so, and then we like, I feel like Civilians, I call 'em.


Yeah. I'm trying, I'm trying to take Oxford to another level, so I'm like, I want for generations it to be tough. Yeah. And so sometimes they're like, well open the door, you know, I'm like, don't open the door man. We like keep 'em in the heat. Yeah. Hold the line. Yeah. And then at the end I like, I'm like, guess what? We need to overtime. Yeah. Like last week I like, it's March madness, we need an overtime. And everybody's like, no, no overtime, no overtime coach. And I'm like, Kick the field goal coach, we gotta get outta Here. Yeah. We're making these kids tougher. Dang. I can't believe I, the fact that somebody's trying to start generational yoga is that's next level man. I guess that's the Lane Kiffin level, you know? Yeah. And I like the fact, yeah, you hit me up on social media. I thought that was cool just to like kind of welcome me into the area today.


So I thought that was pretty cool. You kind of have like a notorious, you're kind of notorious on Twitter for like being like a unique, like kind of an outspoken coach. Would you say that's a fair term? Yeah, I would say very different. Yeah. I looked at social media when I started. It was for recruiting because we weren't able to text it. It was a dumb NCAA rule, like most of 'em. And you couldn't Text him. Could you mail? Yeah, you could. You could DM 'em, you could on Twitter, you could message 'em, you could message 'em On Twitter, but you couldn't text 'em personally. Yes. Made no sense. Right. So that's why it was started. And then I just kinda started being a normal person. I was like, you know, I can't be a normal person as a coach in a lot of my life.


So I was like, on social media, I'll just be normal. And then buddies start sending me stuff, I just retweet it. Or other coaches, like in the SEC, like Kirby Smart he all the time 'cause he's politically correct so he's like got stuff he wants to put out there, but he's like, they just send it to me 'cause they know I will. So nice. I just kind of embraced it and ran one up. Yeah, I think it's it. I think it separates you from some of the other guys out there, that's for sure. I think. Yeah. It makes you seem a little bit more kind of crazy and personable at the same time. I think The reason why I kept going with it was because I would go into home visits and these parents would say, or they'd come into my office like when they're doing a campus tour and they would say to me like, coach, we feel like we already know you.


We love your social media. I love your Twitter, I love your Instagram. I'm like, we feel like we already know you. And I'm like, well shoot, how much is that worth that they're already coming to visit us, wanting their kid to go here saying we already know you because of it. So then I just kept going with it. Yeah, I mean look, you're the only, you're the only college coach that we've wanted to meet up with. So this has kind of worked out. Yeah, I think it probably does have an effect. You know, I've Made it, I feel like I've made it then. Well no college Coach that Theo Vaughn wants to do a show with, man, You don't lose your job by this time. This is over then That's the, that's the goal. That's The goal. Yeah. To keep You 55 more minutes. Yeah. 55 more minutes. That's the goal. Is there a difference between the kind of the Twitter lane and, and I'm, I'm the one saying putting you in a third person, I, I know you're not doing that, so, but is there a difference between the kind of the Twitter personality and the, the personality of the actual personality?


Like what's kind of like offline lane? I would say the Twitter's probably closer to it. You know, people that are around me all the time and stuff say like what was out there early on, especially about me or what people think really isn't what he is. And you probably hear that a lot. But yeah, so I feel like Twitter is more actually how I am. Just kind of, okay. That's funny. I'll just like say that or send that out. You know, like, and so I, I'm not an old school coach in many regards at all, just because I think you should always evolve. You should always not do things. 'cause it was in a book of how to do it before and always kind of test things.


You know, like around here we say, you know, instead of just thinking outside the box, we create a new box. We challenge everything. Different ways of thinking things. So, and social media is part of that because that's not, or how I do a press conference or even doing this. There'd probably be some coaches that even if they, if you did call em up for this, they wouldn't do it because they'd say, okay, well that's not really the message I want to put out. You know? Yeah, that's, Yeah. Kim Mulkey won't text me back. I, I mean that should be like a no-brainer. That's what I'm thinking in state. I mean, you gotta have amazing, like Louisiana following positive numbers. I don't know how they track that, but it's gotta be amazing. I mean, you're one of them.


Yeah. I'm not at the Lauer Johnson levels yet. I'll get there though. I think so Why, why do you think like, 'cause yeah, you do have a unique personality, right? And you, at least your personality is able to be seen these days. And I think that that's something that just happens more over time with social media and more just, we have more video of people in general now, you know, so there's just like so many more little moments that get captured. So you get to know somebody's personality and that's how I think a lot of fans, they, I think they gravitate a lot more towards athletes, coaches, anybody really in the world because they get to know their personality. Right. We were talking before about social media and how that kind of like, like why people kind of gravitate towards certain people on social media.


And I think some of that's, that's just kinda the answer. It's just there's more out there and if people are willing to show some of their personality and not kind of follow like this playbook of exactly how things are supposed to be, but remain within hr. HR has a box you have to stay in pretty much. Yeah. But I think, I dunno if I'm, do y'all make any sense As a head coach, you got a lot of people that you've gotta please. Right? And that, that's challenging in these type of settings and these things. 'cause you want to talk to recruits and that age group, your current players, your fans, but then you also have administration. You've got old donors that have been around a long time, seen things done a certain way for a long time.


So there's a lot of challenges in that. And you can't, you can't please everybody, which, you know, so I, I've kind of right or wrong, I've always said, Hey, my job is to wherever I'm working at, meaning my job is to ole miss and not to potential future presidents or adss at other places or other fan bases. And so whether I was at Tennessee or USC or here, wherever I was, it was like, okay. A lot of what I say other fans don't like, maybe even other athletic directors are like, well I don't like that he said that. But our own fans, our own administration really like it.


'cause it's usually me backing Ole Miss. Right. And saying what I think about the program, what it should be, and maybe sometimes taking shots at other programs or something like that. Yeah. Just factual information blatantly, you know, and putting it out there and so that, that upsets some people and up upsets a lot of other fan bases. Well that's not my job to worry about them. Yeah. So, you know, Sure. Yeah. You have one fan base. Yeah, they, They're not, they didn't hire me. They're not paying the bills. So I've always looked at that and I think a lot of coaches don't do that. And I'm not saying I'm right. A lot of coaches say, Hey, I'm gonna say things so that future employers potential that they see it, so then they're gonna want to hire me. And I've just never thought that way.


Do you, you already had two experiences like coaching in the SEC right. At Alabama and at Tennessee. Yep. Like how's it been different here at Ole Miss? Because old, I mean, you know, some people call it the Yale of Mississippi kind of. Well I think, you know, I was, as you mentioned, head coach of Tennessee, then Office Coordin at Alabama. So spent some time there and those programs really over a long period of time had won a lot of games. Alabama unbelievable championship runs, coach Saban probably a, you know, a decade there, that's never gonna be done ever again.


Yeah. Too many wins I think for a school. Not good for them at a certain point, but All not, not good for competitive environment throughout the conference when he was taking all the players and winning all the games, you know, and Ole Miss had been down. Right. You know, somebody said a stat the other day, you know, in the last four years. So the seniors in college here, it's been a cool experience for them. They saw a national championship in baseball. They just saw both basketball teams go to the Sweet 16. And in four years of football here, we've had three top 12 finishes. Well, they only had one in the previous 51 years. Wow. So there's been four in 55 years they've seen three of the four. So the difference obviously in the programs was different.


But I really liked that it was like a challenge because you can come in at the top of a place that's kind of always one and then you win. It's like, okay, versus wow, let's like change what's happened. Let's like create a new winning culture, a new way of thinking in how the locker room and the whole university thinks about football and the program. And so we've raised the expectations to where we won 10 games and people are upset around here, you know? Right. And so yeah, That's a different energy. You guys were 13 points away from 13 more points and you guys were undefeated last year. 13 total. Yeah. Well you need three to win. So 16 more points last year and you guys would've been undefeated.


Yeah. That's pretty crazy. Yeah, we Played 13 games, 10 of 'em, we won by double digits. And then the three losses were all one score games right at the end of the game. What, what's what's kind of different between coaching? Like in the PAC 10 or on, I think it, it is the PAC 12 or something. Now everybody keeps kind of like changing their names, but yeah, I don't think it exists anymore. It's like PAC two now. Yeah, PAC two. It was like, it was eight at one point and it was 10 and it was 12. And Now some of those teams should not have been in there And now there's like two. Okay. Everybody else Left. What was it like, what do you notice difference between coaching and like the pac, like a different conference as opposed to the SEC? Like yeah, you coached at FAU, you coached at, you coached in the Pac 10, 2, 12, 8, you know, what's the difference you think?


Yeah, You know, there's a saying like in the SEC coin, like it just means more and it really does, like the passion in the towns for the football programs, the attention on it. And really the play over time has been dominant. The SEC's had more draft picks, more championships, all all those things. It, it's just different. Yeah. It's, it's a way of life down here. Oh yeah. You love people that can't even read and they can, but they're just yelling. Go dogs. I feel if somebody come out of a coma and be like, go do or something, you know? Yeah. Or somebody like come outta a coma and be like, honey hu. And then just pass away.


Like people's last words, baby's first words. There's like 30 videos of baby's first words being like SEC chance or whatever. It's a lot. I was the head coach at USC, you spend time out in la so it is just a different world out there. And I remember I was walking through campus and I was like, man, I bet like 50 70% of these students have no idea who I am. I'm the head coach of the football team. They got no idea who I am. They just, they're going to school at USC, you know, getting their education. Yeah. And like here, did that like, like 100% know who you are, you know, like the, the little kids, like the, you know, you go to like walk downtown and like a four year old's like Coach Kiffin, like they know who you are.


So it's like They'll complain about your play quality For people that haven't been down here. Maybe that makes sense to them. Like to understand that. Yeah. You know, like you don't go anywhere without any, everybody knowing who you are. But also like that too, you know, kid, like that's the other side of it. Yeah. They're like 8-year-old kid. Maybe not four, they just say go the hell kid. But 8-year-old kid. Well we, we've been winning say don't say that, but that that'll happen as soon as we lose a couple. Yeah. But no, they, they do, they'll, they'll be like Coach man, like what about throwing that tight end on the end route? I'm like, you're like eight. Like how do you, how do you know that? I'm like, well Yeah, it's 11:00 AM what you doing at this cafe? Yeah, you should be in school. You should easily, obviously you're truant. But yeah, it's definitely, it's a lot more intense in the south.


It's just Yeah, it's, Yeah. They're like, like coach, you're three for 14 on third downs. I'm like, I didn't even know that. Yeah. And they do. But it's just, it just means more the passion for it. And it's also why it's so awesome too. It's why the stadiums are the way that they are, the electricity before games as people walk into the stadiums. Like it's just different. It's awesome. I Love that. Yeah. 'cause you guys have a walk. I mean, I, I think a couple of teams do a walk now. Do people ever try and tickle you or whatever when you walk by? That's crazy. That's something I, Well I like moved. I, this happened at Tennessee and then here, and maybe this isn't like the best thing, but I like moved it a little wider. Like they didn't have like barricades on the walk and they're like, well it's great man.


And the fans are like, you interact with m like, well this walk is like a half mile, like you're walking through like 40,000 people. Yeah. You know, and like you gotta wear a suit and everything and then like, they're like grabbing you and everything. And so pet, I moved the, the bear little, there's people petting People petting Adults. Yeah. Like a little wider. Plus, I mean we are in the deep south, so there's a lot of great things and, but I mean there's just some different things too now. Yeah. You know, they're like grabbing you and they got chew spit on her hands, hands stuff With me. I never hugged demand people just yelling and stuff. Like Yeah. There's a lot of, and It's like, whoa, can we like move these just back a little bit? Maybe like, maybe I can just do the wave. Yeah. You know. Hey guys, good to see You. Yeah. Put the defensive tackles along the outside. Yeah, I agree. But you guys, yeah, it is definitely a ton of tradition here.


I mean this is like Morgan Freeman's front porch down here in the south. It's a slower lifestyle. Was that a little bit tough for you? I mean, what's, I mean, it is, Mississippi is the, it's a, it is like wandering back through time, you know? Mm. Yeah. There's a lot there. Yeah. I can unpack there. Yeah, I'm, I mean it's a lot of History. I moved here a lot of tradition and everything you're giving me is just full disclosure. Anyway, I moved here because it was SEC head job and I thought we could win and do a great job. It wasn't, I wasn't like, man, I wanna move to like, I'm just really dying to move to Oxford, Mississippi. Right. But I also didn't know much about it either, so I judged it that way. Just kinda like a lot of people do about Mississippi.


And, and at first it was a lot 'cause because I'd spent most of my time before that in South Florida or in LA at USC. And I was like, at first I was like, whew, this is a lot like, I mean long-winded, like a lot of conversations slow moving. Oh yeah. But then you say thank you, like it's not over. Right. Like, Hey, hey, thank you. Yeah. And then like they just keep going. Yeah. Oh yeah. They're like, no, but no really thank you. I really appreciate it. Like, I'm gonna go to go now. Oh well, well what are you, so what are you doing tomorrow? I just met you. Like, you know, like, Oh yeah, you can make, everybody's a friend.


They, and there's also so many famous authors though that that's why the south is so full of famous storytellers because everybody is one, you know. But then it took me some, I, I'm so glad that I've been here long enough now five years going on the sixth year. And now I see it completely different. Now I go back to like South Florida or I go to LA and I'm like, dang, these people are rude. Like, everybody's just moving fast. Everybody's just into themselves. Nobody's like saying hi. So it's like what I thought really was kind of bad. Now I'm like, man, I love it now. You know, it's like a warmth, a sweetness, you know, a hospitality and people being nice. And I've, and I've learned to, that's actually slowed me down.


Hmm. Because I was always like, what job can I get? You know, how fast can I move? How many championships to win? Like just always moving. And I was like, maybe they're on to something here. Maybe this slowed down thing that I was judging at first. Like I made jokes about the rocking chairs. Like people sit in rocking chairs. Yeah. And I'm like at first like A Charlotte airport or whatever. I saw that. Yeah, I did when I was and I was like, you'll see Somebody has a 42nd layover and they'll be like, I'm gonna get a little resty. Yeah. And I'm like, I actually saw some right away and people were in 'em. And I said to someone, right. I'm like, what are they doing that looks miserable? Like, that's so slow. Yeah. And it's just two of them. Yeah. Sometimes one.


Yeah. Like Whatcha doing? Well they used to say they don't even have their, their phone now. Like, well what do you, and now I'm like, hey, they're onto something. Yeah. Just slow down. And so I've kind of said, Hey, maybe there's something to the Mississippi Lane. Mm. I just slow down taking conversations, listen to people instead of just always talking and moving and, and now I love it. It's definitely like the program is, it feels a lot different. You know, my best friend has been in hiding for years. He's an ole miss, like fanatic. He will sit there and you know, he's betting on test scores, he's betting on all types of stuff. He's betting on s a t over under for you know, foreign exchange student. So he gambles as well obviously.


But now he's like out and proud kind of, you know. Yeah. He's rocking that powder blue the past few years. He's really feeling the vibes, you know. So I had some cool, a couple cool things happen like that where I was with Landry, my daughter at this With Landry? Yes. Okay. At Jen say this sushi restaurant. And I'm at the restaurant with her. And this, this kid comes up and senior in college and she goes, she and like the south, 'cause the women know the football just as much as the men. Oh yeah. And she's like, I just wanna thank you. She's like, my four years here have been amazing. Like, she's like, this was like a year ago. So her first year had been bad. So she's like my four year, the first year of the team was bad.


Then you came and then she's like, you totally changed my college experience. I'm like, dang, that's really cool. You know, that like, like you said, your buddy now like feels better about wearing an ole miss shirt. You know, there's like more pride into it, you know? So that's pretty cool that we've been part of that change and part of that experience for kids that like, now they're gonna want to come back to games, you know? Yeah. And so that's pretty cool. Oh yeah. I mean it's like, that's when you wanna be there. You wanna be there at the, at the angle, you know, that's when you wanna be there. Yeah. Nobody wants to be like, man, when I was in college, man, our team sucked. Like nobody went to the games. It was terrible. You know, like, so it's really cool that we've been part of that again, coming into a place that had been down a little bit.


That's another cool part of it. Yeah. And also like the players too, when you come in and they've been losing, then the players in the locker room and you come in and they just embrace everything and then you start winning and they're just so excited 'cause they're not used to it. Mm. And so that, that's a really cool thing about turning programs around and being in those locker rooms To see that happen. Yes. To see their appreciation for that again. Where if you're just coming in and places on top and they're just winning and they're just winning again, it's just, they just expect it. And so they're not as appreciative of those moments 'cause they haven't had it taken away. Right. You're on a pretty famous like text chain with like other SEC coaches. This is alleged. Yeah. Kirby Smart Sarkisian.


Yeah. What are the vibes on the chain? I feel like, like what is it like on there? I feel like I keep it together. Okay. Like I keep the group together. 'cause like one will beat the other or they'll say something and they kind of like get mad at each other and then they won't like text for a week. If like you beat him then he doesn't text for a week. Or if they're playing each other that week, they certainly aren't gonna say anything. And I'm like, guys, And by you beat him. It means you when you guys beat Georgia last year, but go on. I feel it. But then I just say something that night. Right. You know, like, hey man, like you'll probably get us next year. You know, like they don't like, they don't think that's funny, you know? Yeah. Like, then one of 'em side texting me like, Hey man, you shouldn't have said that. Kirby's pissed off. You know? And I'm like, dude, it's just a game. Relax. We're buddies. Do you guys vote on how another coach gets into the text chain?


Or what is The Yeah, there's been conversations about that. Really. I just kind of, I actually have a, they may not know this. We're giving a lot of information out today. Appreciate, appreciate you coming. So, you know, I kinda give you some special insight. Yes. I have multiple ones. So sometimes I'll say something that guy's not in it, and that guy's, you know, then this guy's in it. And so like I kind of make sure I know who's in 'em, you know, when I say certain things. And then, you know, every once in a while I've got somebody who does something and then I left. I move 'em outta the chat. No. Yeah, yeah. Yep. It's, it's happened, you know, Jimbo Fisher removed from chat RIP And then like, then they're like, put 'em back in.


Yeah. Yeah. But, and, and put on The bench and they're like typical coaches. They don't know how to remove somebody or add somebody. Oh yeah. So it's like pretty cool that I can do it and they're like, how do you do that? Yeah. Yeah. Lane's one of them tech wizards. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Coaches are a little behind time. Like, that's a big deal to be able to remove somebody from each head. Like, whoa, he must really like have somebody teaching 'em this stuff. Who is, who's the most mysterious SEC coach to you, do you think? Hmm. Maybe Brian Kelly. Speaking of LSU. Ooh. You know, like, I, like Brian not a south guy, you know, kind of came in and so I think maybe people don't really understand him, you know, he's just kind of, he's he's a little bit different than maybe your traditional like Kirby Smart.


He's like born and raised. SEC Oh Yeah. He cuts his own hair. I mean, I mean, looks it looks like it. Yeah. It Definitely, he really does. I'm totally putting that in the chat. Oh, I don't know. It definitely looks like somebody ran a slant with some scissors across his forehead. Yeah. Like A bowl. Oh, it's unbelievable. And here's The thing. And he sells the same haircut from me. He is like playing, it's like it never changed. And it's a Children's bowl. Get an adult bowl. What kind of he he does? What kind of dish where you are you guys using at the salon? No, and actually beautiful man there too. I wanted to say that Kirby, but, oh, there you go. But yeah, like, well Brian Kelly, they also put him on that lazy Susan remember when he first came in, it's like, and that's a, it's a tough fan. Fan. I retweeted that. You what?


I Retweeted that like when he did that thing. Yeah, he was with a quarter. It was terrible. Look at that. I thought this was for a strip club to be honest with you. I thought this was for A, yeah, I think I wrote something like, do you actually know they're filming you? Like, did you put this out on purpose? Like, like you, you know, they're gonna film you when you're doing this. I thought this was a gender reveal and I was like, well what are we, what is it? Yeah. And and it's not like his fir his like first one. He did it like the year before. I'm like, do you realize you're like kind of grinding on the dude? This was also a strip club advertisement near Natches Mississippi I think as well. No judgment outside of there. I've spent time there. But yeah, maybe Brian Kelly is kinda mysterious. I think also maybe it's just 'cause he's from, he hadn't had he coached in the SEC before or not?


No, I don't think so. And he's a nice guy like At Notre Dame, like right. Notre Dame and then you're like LSU. I know. I mean I know, I mean you went from heaven to Yeah. That's just like, that's as big a change as you can have South Bend to Baton Rouge like Oh yeah. And the SEC and so, Oh yeah. Dude. South Bend just down there into the Mr. Weatherall belt. Yeah. I think that's about, I don't think they make a bigger change in that with longer daylight hours.


Maybe you're spending more time away from the house and giving burglars opportunity to strike. But you can protect your home with simply safes proactive security that helps stop threats before they happen. I've used SimpliSafe for a while. I even have it set up on my mother's home and I feel more comfortable out on tour knowing that my house is protected. SimpliSafe has active guard outdoor protection that can help prevent break-ins before they happen. And it's AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents. Monitor your property and detect suspicious activity. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees and monitoring plans start affordably at around a dollar a day. Plus they offer a 60 day satisfaction guarantee. Visit simply safe.com/t to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's S-I-M-P-I safe, simply safe.com/t HEO. There's no safe, like simply safe.


Ready to win some real cash during the basketball playoffs. Check out, pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts. DraftKings Pick six poster rises all the competition. Hit all your picks and score higher. Minimum payouts on pick six plus even more cash if you outscore the competition. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more new players. Get 50 in Pick Six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. When I'm using pick six, I like to rock with Anthony Edwards and I run the over and then I'll also roll with Shea Gil Alexander and run the over baby. Download the DraftKings pick six app now and use code Theo. That's code THEO for new customers to play $5, get $50 in, Pick Six credits. Better payouts, Bigger wins Only with Pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem Call one eight hundred Gambler Help is available for problem gambling. Call eight eight eight seven eight nine seven seven seven seven or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer Bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick Six Credits that expire in fourteen days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


This episode is brought to you by Sonic Drive-in America. You deserve a better burger. One that's made to order. Hand smashed Angus beef patties. Hot off the grill with melty cheese. Yeah. Introducing the Smashable Burger of America. The Sonic Smasher. You can get the double Sonic Smasher for just one dollar starting April 21st for one week only when you order online or in the Sonic app, this is the burger you deserve. The Sonic Smasher is made with Angus beef, smashed and seared, crispy on the edges and juicy in the middle. Layered with Melty American cheese, a tangi smash, a sauce crinkle, cut fries, diced onions and served on a soft potato bun. Yeah, it's the perfect burger bite. Had two Sonic next week to try the double Sonic Smasher for just one dollar starting April 21st. One week only when you order online or in the Sonic app. LIVE FREE EAT SONIC Tax not included While supplies last.


The SEC has historic venues. Right. And a lot of historic, a lot of, like, one thing that's interesting about the SEC is you'll have people that didn't go to college but they will show up at the games Yeah. As if it's their school. And that doesn't happen like in as many other places. It just does not happen. Yeah. You have people who can't read, people who can't see, but they'll, they'll show up and watch a game somehow and you don't see that in other conferences. So That totally happens. And I, I remember, so my first taste of the South was going to Tennessee as the head coach. And I'm coming from, I was the head coach of the Oakland Raiders and then I've been at USC before that. So I'm like coming from California to like Tennessee.


And I remember, I'm like, there's a lot of people, they have a spring game. There's like 70,000 people here at the spring game, like 50,000 there two hours before. And they're like, yeah at the, at the big games. Like the thing will sell out then there'll be another 20,000 outside. And I'm like, I went to school here. I'm like, no, No, Don't get it. Yeah, no. And then when I went to Alabama and the same thing, they're like, no, half these people didn't go to school here. They just, they lived in the state at one point. So they, it's their team. It's not 'cause they went to school there and like their passion is unbelievable. And I'm like, wait, you didn't even go to school here? No, no, No. But I didn't go to school at all. So, But, but my daddy knew somebody that did.


Yeah. I'm like, wait, your dad went? No, he didn't either. No he didn't. So no one in your family ever went? No sir. To Alabama. No sir. But you like your whole week, your whole year is affected whether they win or lose, like just angry the rest of the year. Yeah. Whether they win or lose that like Alabama, Tennessee game. Yes sir. Like that's it. Yes sir. But it doesn't impact you like your job. Do you work for No, I don't work sir, but I cheer for the Todd. I mean they got that one guy that roll Todd Willie now. And he's, he was in the military with my dad's buddy. But what is one, what's your favorite place to play do you think in the SEC outside of Volt Hemmingway? Well, I don't know A favorite 'cause favorite would be like Anarchical.


Right? It's anarchical for you guys. Yeah. You know, like favorite might be somewhere really easy. Like No the the most intense places. Yeah. Or just which one are you get out there and you're like, man this is fricking majestic. How about that? Let's use that word. This is why you have like such a different audience of like so many different areas stuff. 'cause like you use big words too. Oh yeah. You know, Like Yeah. You're educated Majestic. MUAH. Yeah. Majestic place. No. Yeah. What's a big, yeah, Neland Stadium in Tennessee is beautiful. Is like amazing. Like, it's just like when we would bring recruits, there it is majestic. Like there you go. Like, and then at night and then there's the river and the boats and then the intensity in there.


So I was the head coach here at Ole Miss and we went to play at Tennessee and it was like on from warmups, like everyone was there, over a hundred thousand people. And there was like this hatred towards me. Like, I felt like the gladiator of a movie, you know, like I was, they were getting ready for like a thumbs down, you know, like let's kill 'em. And Then it like, And it's probably 12,000 people are carrying weapons in there. At that time They had a real conversation with me during the week about bulletproof vests. Like, but again, like there's no way guys, come on man. It's football. And they're like, they had like three cops with me and everything. Like, They're like, it's deer season sir.


I'm like, They, they ain't gonna really do that. Maybe like a golf ball. You know what they're gonna throw at me or a bottle or something. Oh no. Yeah. So they're all walking in and I was like, this is awesome. Yeah. Like now I could feel, Ooh. Yeah. They were like chanting like, you know, like fuck Lane effin. Yeah. And like that was actually like, felt kind of like intense and cool. Like a hundred thousand people chanting that. Oh yeah. If a bunch of people hate yet want it's easier to go, it's easier to digest. And then they're like, the student section was like, Hey, you know, last night we were with your wife and I was like, man, that's pretty funny. Like come up with stuff, you know, like, so it was intense and it was like, and it just kept building.


So maybe like everybody didn't hate me at the beginning, but then, you know, it's like a crowd like storm. They feel it. And then the hatred just kept building and then it was like really close game at the end. And then we won. You guys won? Yeah. And then they got pissed and they like threw things at me. Like golf ball. Oh yeah. And like anything they could get like mustard And school books, which we need in Tennessee, first of all, They didn't, they, they didn't have school books. Oh, okay. No mustard bottles. Oh really? Like how do you even have a mustard bottle? Like you just brought that to the game like, hey, hey hun. We're going like, go to the game and sneak the mustard bottle in. Oh You're in the damn condiment belt over there. Tennessee Brother mustard free. Like, like are you saving money? Oh, you should see where, where they keep their relish ad brother And the golf like, and I was like, they throw this golf ball that became famous that like they throw at me and I'm like, afterwards I'm like, okay.


Muster. Like okay, what am I sneaking in the game? A golf ball. Like what do you have a golf ball for? Like I'm carrying a golf ball. 'cause I don't think they're thinking I'm gonna throw it like I'm gonna be pissed off in the fourth quarter and throw it. Right. They just had it on 'em. Yeah. But then I look closer as a range ball. So I feel like it, you know what it was, it's like the cheap guy that like steals the range ball. So like, okay, this way I don like have these to hit like, you know, instead of like having to buy a golf ball so I'm gonna steal the range ball like for next time I go and play around. So it was just in his pocket. That was my guess. I I, I think that's probably accurate. Oh there, you're right there with it. Yeah. Oh that's pretty cool. Yeah. Did you keep that? Yeah. You still have it? I did. Hell yeah Dude. That's cool.


How scary is it? How quick do you wanna get off the field when you beat a team in their stadium? Is there a weird energy there for a little? Like is it kind of, That one was, yeah. Yeah, that one definitely was. Most of the time it's not really. Sometimes you just, I kind of like it, you know, like kinda walk off a little slow, you know, just so like you feel the, like that win that she just like ruined a hundred thousand people's. Like, especially in the SEC like week. Yeah. Not this day. Oh yeah. Their traffic home. Yeah. That's a lot. And especially a woman who was gonna give birth that week. 'cause her husband would be in a good mood and now they gotta, she's got hold it another week. That's a toughest part. Like, hey we, we cannot have we lost this week?


Yeah. We ain't having a baby under these circumstances. You Keep it in there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hold the line honey. Yeah, we Got ba we got Bama next week we win that. You can have it Saturday night. We'll we'll get that thing out. We'll do that tush push. That'll help. What's one of the most aggravating traditions that you think and what's one of the best traditions you think in college football? Mm. If you're even up on 'em. I know there's a ton of them out there. Yeah. Well this is like a big tradition. Like as far as everywhere, not specific places. Like I, I, I love the band thing, you know, before like it's just really cool when they have the band out there and they spell things. Oh speaking of the Tennessee, the opening of the T and then run out. Like that was really cool to like see that you're like right there and then like the band just opens up the T and you run out.


Like that's, that's a really cool tradition. And is there one that's kind of aggravating that you see at a place somewhere? It could be SEC or anywhere. The fan storming thing is a little bit tough. You know, like they don't do it in the NFL. They found a way, like I get it's pretty cool, but then it can be aggravating 'cause like they're storming and like, and you're worried about like, I'm hitting you. What's going on? What are they gonna do? It's like very, very invasive at that point. But I think like if they could just let everybody out and then let the fans on so they still get to tear the goalpost down.


'cause that's the school and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I was at that old at the Alabama Vanderbilt game and that was pretty sick and some guy on the sidelines squeezed me so hard, bruised one of my ribs really bad or dislocated it. Right. So I was like doing like that or whatever and then every other player kept hugging me. So it was just a just one after the another. Just the biggest. Cause you ever even seen just hugging you. Yeah. Her all excited. Yeah. And it was just, oh dude, it was, that was a really tough day. That was a tough year actually. That took about eight weeks to get better from Yeah. But you were a historic like moment. It was so cool. That will probably never happen ever again. I, I, I'll see. I mean, was a once in a lifetime.


Well Diego Papier got that sixth year, that eighth year I think he got. Yeah. Yeah. You never know. Did that, were you surprised when he got that? Did it affect any of the way that, were your players able to apply for anything like that? We tried. We didn't win it. Jack Star actually tried to get another year or at least see if the option was there and you know, they denied it, but dang. Yeah, there we are. We ice that dude up. Clark Lee. Good dude. I, I love Clark. Yeah. Yeah, he is cool school. Good guy. They got a fun group over there and that's kind of underdog energy over there too. You know. Big time. Is is during SEC team that you also cheer for on the low kind of Them? I do. Yeah. Vanderbilt. 'cause I think they have like so much stacked against them, you know, like they got higher academic qualifications to get guys in so they can't just get all the players, everybody else can, you know, like I harder, you know, because the stadium's usually half full and stuff.


So I I I root for them, especially Clark because that's a hard job. Yeah. And so that's, that's pretty cool for them to win like they did this year. Yeah. It's exciting over there. Yeah, they carried the goalpost and then they tried to valet park the goalposts. I heard they got tired of it or whatever. I didn't know that. And they tried to valet 'em at a restaurant. I'm like, you can't, you, you didn't give it to those three guys up front or whatever. Like that's crazy. Yeah. But that might be the only like SEC town that has valet. That's A good, that's a, Like when you say that, that doesn't fit, there ain't no valet in most of East Town valet You boy dude, you Spell valet. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. They tried to valet. I'm at a, I think at, at a McCormick and Schmick or something over there. So definitely kind of interesting.


I wanna talk about Coach Saban. You worked with Coach Saban for a while. I mean you guys have had like kind of a storied history Yep. Over the years I think. Have you, do you guys still communicate? Yeah. Yeah, we do. He's not a big like text guy, but we talk every once in a while. Is he, what is he, he's not text, he's like to write. Is he more written kind of or? No, You gotta call him. Okay. He did just learn how in the last like two years to text. He had never text before. Wow. Ever. Like when there was, I was assistant coach Sarah and he's just like, I'm not texting. Like he just refused. It was like that old school. Yeah. Like he's got those old school things that aren't changing and, and then I like got a text like two years ago from that said good luck or something like that.


And I was like, to the group, I was like, dude, I got a saving text. Like this is amazing. This is like van belt beating Alabama. Like this isn't supposed to happen. Never thought I'd see this day. And and then Kirby's like, yeah, I I got one earlier this year too. Like, he's like learned how to text just like you get one or two words. But but that relationship's like almost in a way kind of like how you can struggle sometimes. Like maybe when you're in it with like a parent and then you get out, like you get older and you get away, you get outta the house. Yeah. And then you're like, dang man. He, he was onto something. He he was right on those things. So I look back and I was there for three years and there was friction initially.


And I look back was all my phone. I'm the assistant, I don, you know what I mean? Like yeah. He's the head coach, you know, whatever he says goes and Oh yeah, you supposed to keep it classy over there. And Yes. And that's not, his way is very like this is the way, like there's not open discussions about it and stuff. And, and I was, I'd worked for Pete Carroll as assistant, so that's all I knew. And it's just totally different. So like you come in, you have an open conversation and then you're questioning the process. No, I just was asking like we looked at this, you know, like, so I didn't really know how it worked right away. And so it took a little bit of time. Like he Didn't want a lot of suggestions. No, no, no, no. It's not like the suggestion box. Like, hey lemme pull this up.


Oh, here, here's a good idea. You know, like, so it was, it was just something I wasn't used to that way. And so it took a little bit of time. But now that I look back, I'm like okay. He was so strict on everything. Kinda like in apparent way, like with his team, with the players, the coaches. Like, nothing, nothing changed. You won, we won a national championship and there was seven 30 staff meeting the next morning. I'm like, what are we meeting on at seven 30 the next morning? He's like, we're behind. You know, because we won the championship. Everybody else was recruiting, we're behind. And I was like, whoa, what are we doing? But now I look back and be like, that's why he is what he is. That's why he was so great. 'cause it was like the standard never changed no matter what.


And then that took me some time to understand too, like when you, when we were winning and, and playing really well and coaching really well, he was harder on you because he didn't want you to have relief syndrome. You know, like, oh man, we, we've made it. And I didn't really understand that. What did You call that Relief Syndrome? I saw he was on the pivot like a month ago and I listened to it, my son knocks and he talked about it in there. He'd never explained it to us, but it was interesting hearing. He said most people are born with a relief syndrome. He wasn't, he just always had this way of thinking like, hey, you never relax. Like, but most people are so he went above and beyond to make sure people didn't have that. Like, dang we'd win a game and then he comes in and just like rips us.


Yeah. And we're like, man, we played great. Like coach great. That was because he was guarding against that. 'cause he knew that that could happen. Dang. Yeah. He wasn't letting anything be a possibility lose. When I left, we'd won 26 straight games. So I only hadn't had many losses. But I do remember the three losses that we had over the three years. Like he actually, after those was calm. Like that's when we didn't get ripped. Mm. Because he's like, they're gonna get ripped anyway. I don't need to, you know, like I need to, when they're feeling good about themselves, bring him down. So I didn't really understand that at first.


And now he, I look back going, man, he was, there's a reason he is the greatest. Wow. Yeah. Do you regard him as the greatest? Yeah, I do. I think because you know, the Bear Bryants the like legends back then, no offense, they had like unlimited scholarships. Coach Saban did an error where there were reduced scholarship numbers. He also did an error when you're losing coaches left and right. You know, he lost so many assistant coaches and he just kept winning and I don't think anybody will ever be able to do that again. And he couldn't even do that again the way that it's going anyway. Right. And now this with the money part and all that stuff, that's, that's like evening things out that people can't stack the teams like he did because now you're second team and third teams maybe before where they had to sit there and wait, they, they couldn't leave back then.


Now they leave. Right. So you lose your backups 'cause someone gives 'em more money and but How was he able to convince players to sit there be just as good and sit second or third position? That's tough. I feel like. Yeah, well that's what I'm saying. Part of his time they couldn't leave yet. Oh, I see. You couldn't transfer now you can transfer twice. Twice a year. So he still was able at the end to convince some guys to stay, but he started losing back. So the teams weren't as deep. Did he have to recruit the whole time or at a certain point did he, did the acumen of their coach, of their winning just to be the recruiter for him, do you think That helped a lot. But he never changed. That was him. Like there was no relief and it never changed. Like he recruited every day no matter what.


And he was nonstop and he was relentless. People always say, okay, well why did he win so many championships? Why was he so good? And it was like, well there's the process, there's the assistant coaches, there's the discipline, all these different areas, the end, right. But really the number one thing that mattered the most, he out recruited people. He got better players, right? When you get better players you win a lot of games. And it wasn't, they wouldn't just come in there just to come there. They came there 'cause he recruited really hard got It. Did he, what was he like? I mean, did you ever get to spend any time with him? Like was he good at cards or anything like that? Or was he, did he do anything else besides, like, did he ever take his whistle off, you think? Like, even in the shower, you know, Coach didn't do a lot of other things.


I, I know he golfed. I never golfed with him, but he golfed. Did he ever invite you for, like, did he ever dress up for Halloween? Like was there anything you ever saw Coach Saban do that was like, felt a little bit more? Not as much. Like who's that guy? Robert Downey Jr. What's the character? He plays Iron. That was outside of Iron Man. You know, It's interesting. You know Nick Saban and people joke Nick Satan, you know, he was born on Halloween. Was he really? He His birthday every year's Halloween. No. Yeah. So maybe his whole fricking existence was a costume Maybe. But he did not, there was not, he wasn't gonna wear a costume or something like that on Halloween.


So there was no like, he didn't have like Halloween parties and stuff. Like, that's on your birthday. Even put on a little cattail or something. 'cause it was no day was different. Every day was the same. Wow. I will say this, I went to Easter one time at his house and my kids, they were still living in California with my wife and, 'cause I took the, the Alabama job and then they came for Easter. Yeah. And he invited us over and we went over there and he was different. Now he didn't put on like a bunny costume, but like he was helping the kids with like the Easter eggs. And he had one grandkid at the time and he was like carrying around and like, and it was totally different than the Office Nick Saban that we would see all the time.


Hmm. You know, like, so that, that was pretty cool to see that side of him. Now he's also so competitive that he, his grandkid was like one and all of a sudden the grandkid found the Golden Egg, you know, like while he was with Coach Way over there, you know. So coach also was gonna make sure that he won. Yeah. But it was pretty cool to see him like that. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta be different. You can't win. Jesus is making a comeback. You can't play defense on that day, you know? Yeah. That's when you gotta just call the dogs off, I feel like. Yeah. But it is definitely skeptical that a 1-year-old found a golden egg. Yes. Was he playing against other kid of kids? Like of age children? Yeah. Mine were like eight, 10, and 12. Oh God. Yeah.


It's sad. But yeah, winners win, you know, that's what they say. Do you think that Coach Saban misses coaching? I do. I think that, and he mentioned that in that Pivot podcast, but I did always think, okay, if he was gonna do this, he was gonna have to have an I and I used to say he's gonna have to kind of have that college game day spot. 'cause he's gonna want to still like, be involved. You know, he's just so wired to all day long to do something for his entire life. Now he, he, he's not gonna sit around and just, you know, be a grandpa. Yeah. That's not him. So I think because of that, that's helped a lot. I wouldn't actually be surprised if he came back in the NFL even, you know, as head coach because he just, he's so good at it and so in him that I'm not sure he won't come back.


What I wanna talk about the NIL and then I wanna talk about your team in, in Ole Miss here. Does God, I sound like a sports guy or something I'm not even doing today. Yeah, you're getting really like I know. So feel like going into this, I was getting, we were gonna go a lot of different directions and now you've come back to like, I think people have probably have turned off by now. I I know. I Mean Oh, day today. Tell us about your depth at safety this year. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, Where do you, how do you guys feel about third down package? Nobody wants to hear that. I don't know. My first down package is pretty small. I'll tell you that. That's an old wiener joke. See the, here we go. Now we were more. There we go. Yes. They're turning back on.


I Wanna to tell you about the, like NIL do you have to spend more time recruiting players or boosters these days? With NIL? Yeah. A lot of booster part because they gotta get the resources to pay Now that's gonna get a little bit moved now with revenue sharing and coming from the school. But these last few years has been okay, well the boosters have to create these collectives and have to source the money to pay the players. So if you don't have the money, you don't have the payroll, it's hard to get players. And if you see it's, it's not hard. Look at who just won in basketball, the programs that made the final four. Look at what, you know, the final four college football teams, like, they're, they're major programs that have a lot of financial resources.


So yeah, you got, you gotta do a lot of that and then you gotta convince the players. Now where it's different is the old school, unfortunately kind of the old school recruiting of the relationships and having a relationship three years since the kid was a sophomore in high school and stuff, that's not as important anymore because now like, okay, well what are you paying me? You know, this school's this, this school's this, this school's this. And most of 'em usually go to the higher, higher number. And is that is a real question out of the gate is what is the offer? Yeah. Wow. And do most of them have agents or they have to do that directly by themselves? Yeah, they now, it's now just transitioned to where most of 'em have agents now. Oh, That's trash.


It's really, you know, where're in my office right here. So I sit here all the time and the recruits sit over there where your guys are and the parents. And I said this to our staff the other day, like, I've sat in so many of these meetings, like whatever say the last a hundred and do you know, I never hear anymore. What's your graduation rate? Hmm. I never hear more like what's the academic plan? And it's just kind of sad. These are the parents just is what it is. And then I go, okay, well when's our NIL meeting? Yeah. What's the number? What's the second year number? Like I'm not mad about it, but it's just kind of sad. Yeah. You're just recognizing it And, and and, and I'm also recognizing it to say I don't believe long term that's good for the kids.


Right. So this, this has been great for players to make some money, but it's so much money and it's so much focus on the money that then it's like, okay, well then what's next? If I already getting the money when I'm 18, then Then what? Right. You've seen this all the time. People get too much too early and then what? They crash. So crash I I out. Yes. And I feel like we're creating a lot of that in this. And now a kid's sitting there listening to his parents at and they wanna know the money like so tight shit. What's the kid's supposed to Wanna know? Yeah. It's crazy. I agree. That's bonkers dude. I, yeah. If I'd have had some money, I'd have fucking left school. And the second you gave me that check, I'd have driven across country and got me some damn dope.


Boy. But I'm sure at that time you thought, man, if I just had a million dollars, man, I'd have no problems. Yeah. Yeah. Then life would be great. I heard all the time. These players, I just get money man players. I hear from adults. If I get money, man all my problems, then I'll be good. Okay. That's, we'll see, we'll see Now I go in the homes and recruiting over all these years I see the most problems in the families with the most money. Mm. Most money, most success. And then I don't feel any warmth in that room. I don't feel the connection with the kids. Like, and then I'll go to a house here in Mississippi or Louisiana, you know, and there'll be 10 people living in this two bedroom house and you just feel like the warmth and like the closeness and everything.


And then you got hardly anything financially. But then they have this love and this family and I, I've just done this for a long time and I see it usually the other way around. Hmm. Bigger the houses, the more cars, the more money the let, the more problems. Yeah. Yeah. That's what they said. Jay-Z said it didn't he? Yeah. Biggie. Biggie said it somebody. Yeah. Whoever said it got murdered, I remember that. You know,


April is financial literacy month. And that makes me think, well how did I first learn about money? Well, I guess, well I got a little job that a lady paid me to catch these cats she had and she gave me a little bit of money and I would take that money and I would store it. I had one of those Crown Royal bags, one of the purple bags that came in and I'd put all my money in there and save it. Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. April is financial literacy month. That's right. They made a whole month reminding you to finally take control of your money. Good news is you don't need 30 days. Acorns makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future in just five minutes. And you don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got Right now. Even if all you've got is spare change. I've got it set up for my nieces and nephews so they can learn how to save. Sign up now and join the over 14 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion. With Acorns Plus Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available at Acorns dot com slash t. That's aco s ns.com/ TE to get your $20 bonus investment today. This is a paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive deposit, promote Acorns tier four compensation provided. Investment involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and E registered investment advisor view important disclosures at Acorns dot com slash t.


This summer I'm gonna get to the beach. I'm gonna get out there and let the sun hug on my body. That's what I'm gonna do. And if I get dehydrated, I know what I'm gonna do as well. Liquid IV if you're prepping for a big summer, means planning to stay hydrated so you can get the most outta your body and live more during those warm summer months. Visit liquid IV dot com and maximize your summer plans with sugar free hydration. Featuring the new Raspberry Lemonade hydration multiplier. I love Liquid IV. They got them true to fruit flavors that keep you hydrated, like acai berry and lemon lime and pina colada. Break the mold and your own ritual. Get ready for summer with extraordinary hydration from Liquid IV. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid IV dot com and use code theo at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code THE at liquid IV dot com.


What's one of the biggest things that keeps players that are good players from succeeding? Do you find Hmm hmm. Their minds. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. A lot of 'em run fast, jump throw and it's their minds and then getting in their own way, you know? And then here comes this. Now you got money too. Here comes this ego coming in 'cause I'm a five star. I got all these scholarship offers, like the entitlement of that. And the ego comes in and out. Now they got the money too, so it's like they had this drive to get to the NFL 'cause they wanna play in the NFL and they wanna get the money. Well I'm getting the money already, so now that's now I've lost some drive there. Right. And they just get in their own ways, you know, and they get so much attention so early and so much, and then it's like they just think it's gonna last forever.


Yeah. And they just like, they just screwed up. So they get in their own ways. Dang boy. And it's usually that one word ego. What's the craziest thing a player's ever asked you for that's like point blank. Have they ever been like, I need a, have a Jaguar coach or something like that? Like the animal or the car? Not the animal. I wouldn't say cra. Like I don't have a good story, like a crazy thing. Right. You know, like, but it just like, what continues to blow my mind and nowadays is they want more when they haven't done anything new. Meaning like, okay, here's what I got. I got this to come, you know, to transfer to come outta high school.


And then they come in like, okay, well I need more. And they're like, well you didn't do anything. Like you didn't even have a good year. Well why, why would you get more? Like, it's just that mindset of like, I just deserve more. Like I, I deserve more and more because there's no, there's no appreciation in there for where they're at. Or like, man, I gotta play better to get more just, I'm supposed to get more. And that happens all the time. There's two transfer portal windows. So like if you could negotiate your contract twice a year, every year, but then for six months you haven't done a show, you haven't done anything. But after that six month period, you want a new contract and a new deal bigger than what you had, but you hadn't done anything. Yeah.


Or maybe you screwed the shows up right. Through interceptions, but you still want more. So it's just, and it's not even their fault. 'cause the parents now you got agents, like, Do you still feel like a coach or do you feel like a banker more? Mm mm It's not, not really like a banker, but you, you spend so much time not coaching. And I think that's part of the Nick Saban and you know, getting out, it's just like, it just changed. You know, because these conversations, these things and you see the like greed for it. You know, like, but it's, it's a, it's unique because from someone that's been fortunate to make money, have success, get to the highest levels. Like it's like, I, I keep trying to tell them like, that's not going to be the answer.


Right. Like that new contract, getting that much more money isn't gonna change anything. You're not going to, you know, be happier because, but it's like they, they don't, you Can't hear it. Yes. Kids can't hear it cannot. I, I can sit in these two chairs right here to some, some most of 'em, some will, but most of 'em and they just look at me and like, there's no way I'm like, listen to me until you fix these internal problems, until you fix how you think that everybody's against you or whatever it is. These issues that they each have. And I'll try to like work through 'em with it. I'm like, that that money, that new contract, that next car, that next girl, like, that's not gonna fix that. I'm like, if I get picked in the first round, I got that contract, everything is fixed.


Yeah. Coach. I don't care what you say type shit. Trust me. Yeah, they say it's all a rap. That's, yeah. Everybody thinks Dale had it figured Out. Yeah. I get more bands. It's good. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, boy, gimme a grand Right now. That's all I need. I run a 50 Right now. I run a 6, 1 50. How fast is that? Six? One 50? We don't really grade than 50. You mean 40? I don't know. That's good. You confuse people. Yeah, I don it might be good. Might be bad. I don dunno what I mean. I Dunno if you're slow or fast. 6 1 50. So what is some of your push for players to come here to Ole Miss these? Like, what is it, you know, what do you sell them on about being here?


Yeah. This is a really cool place to go to school. And so I gotta see that as a parent. My daughter Landry's a sophomore here, so Oh yeah. I've seen her on TikTok before I seen y'all on there doing makeup or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Like just like I said, the social media thing. I, I kind of live like a young person in a lot of ways. Like just enjoy. Yeah. You know, like I, I just try to, It seems like kind of Like, and I, again, back to a lot of people, like you're supposed to be old, you're supposed to be an adult. Like you can't do like a makeup TikTok with your daughter. And I'm like, I'm gonna be gone someday. I'm gonna be dead or I'm gonna be at the end of it, you know, those last couple years you think I'm gonna be like, man, I wish I right there. Yeah. I think I'm gonna be like, man, I wish I wouldn't have done that with my daughter because some fans think that's like, I'm soft.


Yeah. Dude. I think a lot of, also a lot of, I bet four of the first round picks this year, I'll be wearing blush. I did see like, now they're wearing like nail polish stuff. Oh. Half Of 'em wearing nail polish eyeliner, booty liner. Some guy had on the other day they caught him, some guy I think that played for Northwestern or Nickel State or something, but, and I'm like, what is that? Who's putting rouge on their butt cheeks? You know? So I think you're way safe here, coach. But that's just kind of like how I, I like I, and, and I, I don't know you like, it seems like you have that too, where it's kind of like, man, we're supposed to be growing up and there's certain aspects we are, but then these other areas it's like, well what's wrong with having youthful fun?


And you know, like we go out and play pickleball and somebody's like, I see some old people look at me like, man, he's playing out there with his kids and like, he's like dancing to the music, you know, to like Taylor Swift playing or something, you know, like, I'm like, why? Just 'cause I'm like getting older. I'm not supposed to like have fun. Yeah. You know, or like when you come to yoga in the morning and like, we're crushing you in yoga and I'm kind of like dancing back, like talking shit celebrating over you. Like if, if that happens in the morning, you might crush it in the morning. I don't know. I Mean, look, I don't wanna, I don't wanna have to do yoga art to wear cleats is the only thing that I'm thinking. There's No cleats. Okay. No cleats. That's all. No socks even. But no, I think you're right man. Yeah. I think, well it also goes back to what you said, it's like, you know, you don't like to follow this old playbook about things. You like to have this new playbook about things.


What's kind of like part of that that you offer your players or people that wanna come down here? Do you sell them? Like, hey, this is a team that's like, this is a, a program that's obviously it's gone, you know, the trajectory's gone up, you know, especially in the past five years for sure. In the past decade. Yeah. What do you kind of push 'em on? How do you get players to, to come here to Ole Miss because it's always been a little bit more of the underdog in the SEC. Yeah, I think the kids really like, we created an atmosphere that you want to be at, not have to, same with our employees, you know, like I feel like in the morning if you ask them when they're getting up and they're driving their cars over, whether it's players or staff, like they want to be here. Yeah. The GM had a damn zen in I think. Yeah. Yeah. He does.


He's working on it. Yeah. He's trying to quit. He's trying to quit some other things. Yeah, He's, we've all been through things, Coach been there, done that. Yeah. Yeah. But that atmosphere of comfortable and like the players, like I've, I've been around both and I've been around as an employee where you're miserable driving in like, oh another day. Like, and it's just like, to me you're not very productive that way. Like, I want our players to come here and like they play their own playlist, like in practice and stuff, you know, like it's a player's team with discipline. But the same thing around the office. Like people, we don't even have hours. Like you don't even have, like, you leave when you're done with your work. You know? I don't have like, okay, you leave at this time. 'cause then people just sit there and guard their desk. Right.


You know, until the time goes. So I just try to create an atmosphere that people really want to be at. And, and they, they have a lot of fun doing it. And it's really, to me it's awesome if you can win and have fun. 'cause some programs like they win but they're still miserable and I've seen that. So we try to create this atmosphere and I think people love it. Is it tough to be like a coach and a dad? 'cause you have three children, right? And is it tough to be like a coach and a dad and a coach and a husband? Like what's that? What is the cross of like, those jobs like for a coach? Because it takes a lot of time. Yeah. I think like a lot of questions, I answer them differently now than I did 5, 10, 15 years ago.


I think, you know, as I look back and I use my failures and experiences now, it's awesome. 'cause I get to use to help others. Yeah. And I help our players when they're going through it. So I like that I had a lot of stuff happen to me or self-inflicted stuff. Oh yeah. That like, I struggled for a long time, but then as I like now see like I get to help like, 'cause the coach knows my story or players know my story and they come in, I can help 'em with things. Like when you say, okay, how did, like the balance of a husband, father, and head coach? Well I failed at that because I'm as a head coach. Like I was a head coach, Tennessee USC and I was like, that was my higher power man.


I'm the head coach. USC. Yeah. That's who I am. Not like, oh, I'm a husband, not I'm a father. Like that became my higher power. That was the most important thing to me. Mm. And I could feel it 'cause I'd be like, Ooh, we'd win. So then like the LA Times Sunday morning, man, coach Lane Kiffin, you know, like, and like, what do you want? And I remember him asking me like, what do you want someday? I'm like a statue. Like Nick Saban. 'cause then, then I made it like they built a statue of me. 'cause I won so many games and championships. Yeah. That's what I want. But I was totally missing it.


'cause if you ask me that now, what do you want? You know what I want? I wanna be a really good dad. I wanna be a really good boss. A really good friend. Mm. A really good neighbor. The other stuff happens with the wind, that's fine. But I was so focused on that, that it, it controlled everything. I just slept at the office all week long. 'cause like we had to win. That's all that matters. And like John Daly used to sleep at a Hooters. Yeah. That was a little different. Yeah, that's true. Different. He didn't work there. So it's not like he was, you know, working on chipping at Hooters. Yeah, that's true. Short game. Yeah, You're right. That's a good point. So I don't know why I said that, but Yeah, he, yeah. People sleep at the office. Yeah.


I think John Da Daley still goes to Hooters for like John Daly two hour, like signing special. I love JD by the way. He's awesome. Of course, dude, he's awesome. We tell no, we talk about every single week. There he is right there, huh? Yes. Yeah. Oh, he's got, he's got that two pack, right? Well, he's off a couple of honey packs right there. Look at him. Yeah, that's where I won't, that's where I won't comment head coach. Okay. Okay. Okay. So anyway, so that's where this failure came in because it was like, okay, if you're gonna put all, if this is gonna be the most important thing to you, then I like looked back and shoot, no wonder like I ended up getting divorced. No wonder that, you know, I ended up having strained relationship with my kids. And then I kind of figured this out later on and started going, okay, wait, wait, wait a second.


This is just part of who I am, you know, being a coach. And then I started to work on the other areas in my life, got sober from a lot of things. Really just, not just physical sober, like stop drinking, but like emotionally sober. You know, like, and that's still a constant battle, like working on that. Like, and things not making me go way up way down like every day. But, and people say, okay, well what do you do? You don't drink. Like what do you do like Thursday night? And I was like, what's replaced that is like amazing. Like going to dinner with Landry or watching a movie with her friends. Like, you know, like you just, I just had this shift and it really helped me.


And actually I'm a better coach out of it. Which you wouldn't think would be like, 'cause you think, okay, well if you put everything into it, but then you lose balance and you're just kind of off and everything is so defined on a win or loss that like, it's everything. I remember like losing a really, really important game. And I remember at the time like saying why she's like, and I'm like, I don't wanna wake up. We actually lost USC, we lost to Texas. We were in our third straight national championship and lost in the Rose Bowl national championship. Vince Young can tackle him. And I'm like, I don't wanna wake up tomorrow. She's like, what is wrong with you? We had one kid at the time, Landry, and she's like, you have a kid, like you have a whole life. Like we lost the game.


Third straight national championship. How, how long is it gonna take to ever get there again? Yeah. But I was just so outta whack on that because that's, I mentioned earlier that the ego had gotten so big when I became a head coach and all the money and success and attention that like, it just built and like, you gotta keep feeding it. And so it's really been cool to to get outta that spot. Yeah. And what do you attribute to helping you get out of it? Probably Lifestyle change. You know, I came to Mississippi and decided like, okay, I started eating more food, not working out like, and I just was like, man, I'm not the best version of myself.


I didn't have this like rock bottom moment, you know, that people have sometimes I just was like, man, I don't really like this lower version of myself. I wanna be the highest version of myself. So I changed my diet, I stopped the alcohol, I started working out and really what I started to do is to pour into other people instead of just pouring into myself. Mm. Dang. Coach, you're making me feel bad about my life, bro. You're younger than me. You used to get there. But it's a daily battle. It is, man. And especially that emotional sobriety. That's my biggest issue, dude. Yeah. I, I mean my, I have a certain emotion and I get literally drunk off of it or high off of it or the other way I get depressed.


It's like, it's like, those are like my drugs a lot of times. Any feeling that I have, I'm still there. Like I, that's a daily battle. God boy. And I really got on this after the physical sobriety after a couple years of, okay, well okay, I got really healthy working out all the time. I don't drink. But it was like, okay. But I still was letting people situations like, man, well that, that went my way. So everything's good. Yeah. You know, like, oh, that didn't go that way. We lose that recruit or have an argument with this person and like, everything's terrible. And I was like, man. And I had somebody tell me like, just remember the tide goes in and out every day like it's going to, and like, do you just get freaked out by that? Or you just like, Hey, tide came in.


Tide went out. And so I really tried to do that because like, I'll do the yoga, everything's good, man. Yeah. And then I'll come in here and then this player has this issue, you know, or a kid has this issue, you know, and then it's like, or this doesn't go this way that especially like if you're like me, which I feel like you are from your last answer. Oh yeah. When somebody doesn't do what you want them to do. Oh, like, wait, everything would be good, man. If he just wouldn't say that. Sorry, I, I don't bleep this. If she does this, if he does that and they do that, I'll be good. Yeah. Well wait, they don't, And it never is gonna happen. It's just total unrealistic expectations of what I have a lot of times. Yeah. And that's one of my biggest things is unrealistic expectations.


Like Constantly like expecting the tide not to come in. Yes. Expect that's what it Would be like. Expect everybody to do things. Exactly. I want to expecting that people know how I want things done after I haven't shared how I want them done. That's my biggest thing. Like expecting somebody to know what I want them to do, but I've never even told 'em exactly what I want. Yeah. That's an and that's a crazy person would think that way. Yeah. So yeah, I'm not doing good or I did this, I'm not doing good. And then they don't deal and then they don't, they don't act how I want them act after what I did. Yeah. Haven't I been, haven't I I have you been having a list shared with you? Yeah. Yeah. But there is a major problem in that when you become, and you're in charge of a company, you're head coach, you know, like, and all the people are working for you. So your whole day they really are doing what you want. And then now in your personal life, outside of it, maybe somebody doesn't do what you want and then you lose your mind.


That's where I was off with the emotional part. Yeah. You know, and had to like, work on that part. Yeah. I I I, I can't imagine I gonna be a coach. It would be hard. I can't even coach myself. Oh, so you've really taken the Oxford coach. I noticed that your son is moving here, right? Is that true? Yeah. So. Okay. My daughter goes to school here. Okay. And she's a sophomore. She's a sophomore. Okay. My other daughter's going to college at USC and then my son is moving here. He's actually on his spring break here Right now. And he's moving here next month and He's gonna go to Oxford High. He is nice. Yeah. And he plays football too, or no, He does. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's a quarterback. He's got a chance to be good.


So that'll be exciting to be able to watch all his games here. And he is always up here working out with his buddies, so. Oh, that's Gonna be great. Just to be around that much, that many other players and stuff. It's awesome. I was, my, my dad was a coach. I grew up as a coach's kid that, to be around those locker rooms and to be around those players and to learn from them, it's, it's, it's so awesome and so motivating. Yeah. Do you have a good relationship with your dad? I know your dad was Monte Kein. Yep. And did you have a, did you guys have a good relationship? Amazing. Oh, nice. So he, he passed in July and Was he sick? Was he pretty sick at the end of His night? He had dementia and so he slowed down a lot. But here's what's really cool, you know, just saying like, the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. Like, we probably have the pain of regret from things we weren't disciplined at in life.


You know, if you look back, man, if I wouldn't have done that or like I would've got, you know, made different decisions. So now you have the pain of the regret of that. Yeah. Well I think a lot of times people with parents sometimes, like when they pass, you know, they have the pain of regret. Man, I wish I've been around him more. I didn't go to see him. Well my dad worked for me all the way up till the end of 84. So all these last three stops, he was here in the building helping us coach. Oh, that's Cool. So every day I would see him 15 times a day. Oh yeah. And He was such a coach that, like, even his doctors would say that was keeping him alive. 'cause he could come into the office every day. He's 84 years old with dementia still coming in the office.


Yeah. And he just was like, he was the ultimate coach, the old school coach. Yeah. And so I got to be with him every day, all the way up. So because of that, of bringing him to all the places, making sure he was at work every day and everything like that Was here Ole miss. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. So if you don't come here, who knows if that even setup is even kind of perfect for that. Yeah. But that's, that's where I've gotten to like, who, who, who knows what's supposed to be perfect. What, what I thought, what we thought as a plan should be. I was like totally off. Yeah. You know, like, I, like, I'd been like, there's no way I'm gonna like, wanna move to Oxford, Mississippi, have my kid go to college here, have my kid, other kid go to high school here and love it.


And, and now I do. And who would've thought they would've ever wanted to come here? Like it's like, you know, God's plan obviously makes a lot more sense than ours. Yeah. Because every time I take that and I'm like, wait, wait, whoa, maybe he wants to let me turn that over here. Yeah. You go my way. This is what I want to happen. Like these people need to do this. I need to go here, I need to get that job. Let me control everything. Yes. That's why. Yeah. And then, then it just doesn't work. It really doesn't. And then when I just, which is hard and I just let go and just let it go and whatever's gonna happen's gonna happen and that tide's gonna come in and it's gonna go out. I'll just float along with it. The HOV lane, dude.


Mm, what, who caught that clipboard? Do you know? I don't know. They brought it back. They did? Yes. Mississippi nice. So, so sweet of Told you. The people here are amazing. God, that was great. There's nothing as good as s a t Football there, but it, 'cause it's like when the plays work, I don it's like a video game for me. I feel like I'm playing a video game on, on the sideline. So thinking like when you're playing a video, you score a big touch and you throw your controller. That's really what I'm doing. It's still the kid in me right there. Yeah. You know, like throw my clipboard, like your controller Out of the box. You've had a quite a life. You know, you start, you started kind of, you know, you didn't start, but you kind of came on a lot of people's radar in coaching at the highest level. Right? Yeah. Step back into college football, you've been a player, you've, you know, you've had like, you kind of a polarizing people would say type figure.


Yeah. Very unique in your own way. And I think after talking more, I learned a little bit more about how you operate so I can understand, but what is like a message you would get, you know, you've had, you've been through divorce, you've been through, you have children, you've had a lot of just experiences in your life. Yeah. What, for somebody out there who's getting into their middle age and is kind of struggling with having a setback or something, what is, what is something you think you would share with them from your experience or a thought or statement or Yeah. Yeah. I think that like they can do it. Like these things happen, you know, and like these major obstacles that seemed so horrible at the time, a divorce, firings, maybe you have a health scare.


Like these things that seem so terrible and they're really not, they just feel like it in the moment and they're gonna pass and you're gonna actually look back later on and be glad for them. Like, my kind of major thing was I got fired as a head coach at USC and like my career is over. Well if that wouldn't have happened, I wouldn't have gotten to work for Nick Saban for three years. You know? So like, whatever those things are or Yeah, your career's been over like four Times. Yeah. That, that you can do it. And it's actually feels way better than like, let's say you come up like, I came up and got a lot of breaks 'cause my dad and stuff. And so it's like, okay, I gotta the top. Okay, well that felt good. But then to actually have it torn down and all taken away some by circumstances, some by your own decisions and rebuild from the bottom, personally and professionally, it feels so much better.


It's like, instead of buying the house, you build the house from the beginning. Mm. And so just for people that are struggling in whatever one of those areas may be like, you can do it, but don't get overwhelmed. Like it really is one day at a time. Like, hey, just start working out today. You know, or stop drinking today. You know, or start being a better person today. Whatever those areas are. Yeah. Just today. Just today man. 'cause the other stuff's overwhelming. We don't know what's gonna happen next week. Yeah. Let alone next month or next year. And just be really good at it today. Hey man. Man, I needed to hear that. Yeah. There's something I've been like, I just feel like kind of the world is ending 'cause something that's kind of like just work stuff and I'm like, what do I do?


But I just have to look at it as a challenge. Adjust the perspective. Zoom out. Yeah. Zoom out. See? So watching my dad pass through and the last couple years of dementia, but also watching him on what was important to him. He'd been a head coach, he'd been fired, he'd been through all these, he didn't matter. Like what, whatever that is Right now that you're struggling, you ain't gonna, you're gonna look back toward him. Like, what was I even like losing sleep for? Or having anxiety about that for. Yeah. It really ain't that big. If you zoom out to later on, you're gonna look back, be like, man that ain't, that wasn't a big deal. I'm glad it happened. Oddie. Toddie, man. Toddie, toddie. Lane. Kiffin. Thanks so much dude. I really appreciate it. I hope that you stay as entertaining as ever and I'm glad that you're in the SEC man.


It's one of the greatest conferences to watch and congratulations on what you guys have done here at Ole Miss. Man. I wanna thank my friend Scott s Field and Ritchie Hake who helped me think up questions today to talk about as well, because they went to school here and yeah, I'm looking forward to spending having a good show here tonight. Yeah. Excited for your show tonight. We'll be there. And our whole team's coming actually. Really? Yeah. The whole team's coming. Aw dude. Yeah, we told 'em in the team. We had a team meeting today. Instead we're going, we're going tonight. We're like, we got you in free. So like, yes. 'cause we don't have any money. We're like, wait, you make like a million dollars. Like these guys know, but they still, they still just want something for free. Look. Yeah. We told 'em you're really funny and free. 'cause some something to know you are at At the end. They're still college students. You just want something for free, you know?


Yeah. Lane Kiffin, Thanks so much. All right, Man. Now I'm just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I share this piece of I, I can feel it.