
With longer daylight hours, maybe you're spending more time away from the house and giving burglars opportunity to strike. But you can protect your home with simply safes proactive security that helps stop threats before they happen. I've used SimpliSafe for a while. I even have it set up on my mother's home, and I feel more comfortable out on tour knowing that my house is protected. SimpliSafe has active guard outdoor protection that can help prevent break-ins before they happen, and it's AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents. Monitor your property and detect suspicious activity. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees and monitoring plans start affordably at around a dollar a day. Plus they offer a 60 day satisfaction guarantee. Visit simply safe.com/th to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe, simply safe.com/t HEO. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Today's guest is a WWE Hall of Famer. He's a member of one of the greatest wrestling families of all time, the Vaughn Ericks. You may have seen their family story told recently in The Iron Claw. He's an inspiration, he's a motivation. He's pretty funny, and I just feel honored to be able to spend time with him today. Today's guest is Kevin Von Eric.


I'm feeling good. I I feel like I could doze off. Okay. Oh, damn. Look, it's not a good thing. Yeah. So you, yeah, because you were always the barefoot guy. You were a barefoot guy, huh? Yeah, it sure was. I always, you know, I've got these really big toes, you know, and once you stub your toe on the mat a few times, it gets bigger. And so, so at first I just took my boots off because it felt comfortable in the ring, you know, just to move around better. I felt like I could fly, but with the boots, you know, they fill with sweat, you know, your socks absorb the sweat and all. They get heavy. I had some knee surgeries too, you know, but, but I'll tell you, I'll go barefoot all I can.


Yeah, yeah. It's good for you. It really is, you know? Huh? Yeah. Well, I'm sure, well, I know you moved out to Kauai, was it? Or Hawaii? Yeah, Kauai. It's the, it's the, That's the barefoot capital of America. I'll bet it is. I'll bet it is. It's, we all go barefoot out there. I say I, I, I'm always kind of crazy about that, but I just, I, I just hate for my toes to touch each other, you know? I've always, always liked that. I hated shoes when I was a little kid, and I guess I got old enough to say no, and I just didn't wear 'em anymore. Did you ever wear those toe separator things? You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Yeah. Those are great. You know, with the, I wear 'em in the, in the river at home, you know, to walk in the river, but you can walk by a vine and they'll catch your toe, you know, it can trip you, you know?


Oh, yeah. It's a little hazard for those things. Did you feel like a caveman? Kinda, Yeah. Yeah. The good kinda caveman, you know? I felt like, I mean, you gonna drag around pound by the hair, but Yeah. No domestic disputes or Anything. Yeah, yeah. You know, because like, you feel the ground, you feel the earth. It's just something about it. I didn't know there was anything to it, but Ross tells me, my son Ross tells me that it's, there's a, an energy in the earth that you, your feet can pick that up, you know? And I'm think I'm, I think I've been digging that for a long time without even knowing it was a, it was a thing, you know? But now, I, I cave at caveman it all the time out Kauai. That's the way to live. Yeah, I bet. It's, well, it's called, yeah, right here it says it's grounding.


Grounding, also known as Earthing, is a wellness practice that involves direct contact with the Earth's surface, like walking barefoot on grass or sand to potentially connect with the earth's natural electric charge. I think it makes sense. 'cause even if you look at a tree or a plant, you don't see them wearing a shoes or nothing. Like that would be crazy if you saw a plant, like wearing shoes, you'd be like, oh, that guy's a, that plant's out of his mind, like plants. You know what I'm saying? They're connected to the earth. So I think that makes good sense. Yeah. Oh, oh, I see what you mean. Yeah. Probably kept you pretty locked in your family lives. You live on your family's ranch, right? Or you live on a ranch here? We bought a ranch. We, we sold it. We had, I lived on my family ranch in Texas. We sold it about 20 years ago and moved out to Kauai and built a big place, you know, but we, but I wanted to give my wife that kind of house, you know, so everything was in, it was in, in the house, was something that I really liked about room service or some hotel overseas, you know, I had a bathtub, you could do a cannonball in it, you know, splash it all over the wall, and it had a drain.


It was just, every room had something like that, but it was, it's real expensive in Kauai. And I have a lot of kids, you know, and so they all go off to their house, and no one wanted live in the big house. And, and so we happened to trade that to a guy that just happened to have 27 acres of waterfall on the land, a big nice spring and five houses, you know, from, for my sons. And so I, we traded that house for that 27 acres, and that's where we are. No way. Just a even trade. Even Trade. Yeah. Dang. You don't see a lot of that anymore. No, no. I, I'm glad the guy, I, I couldn't believe he did it. Really? Did you have one of those open back verandas, or It's something it's called maybe in Hawaii.


What's that? Back patio? You know what I'm talking about? Those porches? Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's just So perfect. Yeah. They call it Lanai. Oh, God. Oh, man. At, at my daughter's house there, I that when we stay with her, she's got a bed set up for me on out there. And so I sleep in the wind, you know? Yeah. It's great. Yeah, dude, you're like that legend of Zelda character. What's that little guy's name link? Yeah, you're like, link from Zelda. That guy's always in the wind, man. That guy's a real nature dog. Zelda. It's a character, like a game. It's a character from a video game. So you, so the ranch you have now, all your family can all live there? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah, That is, man, I'm telling you, Theo, that's like, that's so important to me.


You know, I had a lot of brothers and man, I loved him so much. We're really close. Super close For sure. Well, I mean, I only knew so much, but, you know, I just saw you guys in the ring and stuff like that, and, you know, there's been a lot of documentaries and smaller documentaries. There's been the Claw movie, so there's been a lot of, you know, references to you guys, for sure. Yeah. Your father was from Texas and he, he was a wrestler, so I'm assuming that's where you guys all kind of got into it. Yeah, yeah. Just even knew about it. Yeah, this is, you know, it's kind of an ugly turn. I don't wanna bum me out, but my dad was living up in New York and, or we were all living up there, and I was a baby, but my brother Jackie was like six years old. And he would touched a, a house trailer that had a short in it, and it killed him.


It, it electrocuted him, knocked him out, and he hit a puddle of frozen water was frozen. He drowned under the ice, you know? And broke my dad's heart. My mother, you know, just killed him. You know? I can't imagine I have sons, you know, that I, I tell you, Theo, I lost my brothers and that was hard, but I could not lose his son. Wow. I, I couldn't get up, I couldn't stand on my hind legs, you know? Did they have to go to therapy and stuff like that when that first happened to your old to, because I guess that was your oldest brother. Yeah. Did they have therapy back then and stuff like that, or what did you No, no. There was no, they didn't, my dad was like a rock though. You know, he's, I couldn't believe he was, he just, he didn't want my mother to suffer, so we wouldn't suffer around her.


But I'm sure my mother suffered so much. And also when she got married, her little brother David died of a, a brain hemorrhage thing, you know what he call it? A tumor, a brain tumor. And so just like a year later her son dies too. You know, it was just bang, bang, you know? I mean, and at those times too, things, I think there was more probably tragedy at those times. You know, things were, you know, you'd have a lot of people, had a lot of children and a lot of 'em work in farming and people would get injured a lot. There was just, I think it was a different time, probably when it came to safety and stuff. It was, you know, and they'd have loose wires.


I mean, just things were just less regulated, you know, just Yeah, that's right. It was, you know, the kind of stuff we did as kids. Like, shoot, I can tell you a lot of times lucky to be alive, you know? Oh God. I've been lit up a couple of times. Damn. I was walking by a damn crab restaurant and stepped on an outlet. You did? Just took me down, brother. Yeah. You stepped on an, on an, an outlet was On something. I don't know. Next thing you know, I just thought, I was, thought the earth was just sucking me into it. Just How long were you out? I don't know, probably 40 seconds, maybe. Wow, Man. Not long enough to give up. I guess You didn't have like, a experience beyond the door, you know? Yeah, I didn't get anything.


I'm like, God's not giving me any previews or nothing, you know? That might be a bad sign, brother. Yeah, That's true. Actually, if you start seeing the light, I'm like, nah, nah. So, yeah. So your family had that. Yeah. So your parents had to deal with that so early, man. Yeah. I guess people suffered in silence more back then, huh? Yeah, People were tough, you know, they Were, well, I was just gonna say, you know, that you brought up the movie and I mean, the movie was like, I, I heard a lot of people talk about, it was like The Iron Claw movie. Yeah, yeah. That my dad was really hard on us when the fact was, you know, that we were hard on each other, you know, we answered each other. It was like a brother thing, really. And the, you know, to tell the truth, the suicides and all that was not because Fritz made us wrestle, or Fritz was a, a big monster or anything like that.


That was a shame my brothers were ashamed with, with Kerry was, you know, when you're in the public eye, you really feel a lot of pressure. You really do. You know, You don't wanna let those kids down. And when something happens, you know, you do feel like you really let 'em down and you, you know, I don't know. Everybody's not like this. Sometimes you just can't forgive yourself. And that Carrie just couldn't let it go. And yet, Carrie is, Carrie is one of your brothers. I know you had David, Carrie, Jack, Chris, And Mike and Mike. God, that's all the boy names they had at the time. Yeah. Y'all couldn't have had another brother. 'cause what were you gonna do?


They Had to be a girl. They had would've had to been a girl by default, man. Oh, we wanted a girl so bad. Did y'all, did your parents My whole life. I never knew anything about girls. You know, I, oh yeah. I mean, Y'all had enough beautiful hair in that family. At least you got an idea of how to use It. Go figure that one. Golly. I know. I, what's with that? I, I never took care of myself. I never expected to live past 50, you know? Oh, I bet I was having fun my whole life, You know? Oh, I bet. But y'all had so much dang hair. Y'all were very, very, y'all would've been considered trans, beautiful, tall, trans women these days. Y'all would've been, 'cause you guys were ahead of your time. Even like all the rock bands in back then had remember PO and all those bands.


They had the big hair. That's the truth. Did You guys had all the Hairdos, Y'all had some hairdos Did, was that something like a pride, was that almost like a Lion's man type of thing amongst the guys in your household? Or what was that like for you guys? Because you guys had some great hair? No, you know what, it was just laziness to tell the truth. I mean, you know, I I, I cut it where, keep it outta my eyes, you know? But then I, I cut my own hair, you know? 'cause I don't Pay that kind of money. Yeah. I can tell, dude. I cut my own shit. Yeah. Well, I can't see the back, you know? I, I don't have 'em mullet on purpose, you know, but, but I can cut this up here, you know? So, so your dad, I do wanna know a little bit more about him. So you said that the, the film kind of portrayed him as being more of a, a, a stickler.


But what was he like? Was he a businessman? Was he quiet? I mean, I guess he wasn't quiet. 'cause I could see like his wrestling persona, but was his home persona, like, well, I guess what was he like as a father and what was he like as a businessman? But Let me tell you, my dad was like a mountain of a man. He was, he was, he was, he was really a considerate, he full of love God. But I mean, he was serious. And when he would, he wouldn't say anything. And like, you know, before you go to sleep at night, you think, oh man, I wish I'd have said that. Wish I'd have thought of that. Well, he thought of it right then, and he would say it right then. And At night, you mean? No, I mean, like whenever, oh, whenever he thought of it. Sudden it came up. Yeah. Whenever he thought of it, it was just right there.


I thought, man, perfect answer. You know? But I mean, he was the president. Okay. You know, that movie, The Iron Claw where Fritz says, the NWA always wanted to screw me. You know, kinda like, but the truth is, he was the nwa he was the president of, you know, and, and, and he was the, the other wrestlers, I mean, world champions. I mean, when my dad came in the room, I mean, they were like rolling on their backs like dogs, you know? I Mean, they respected him. Well, I mean, they, yeah. Dad was, are they feared him? Like, because his business acumen or just, I think it was his business acumen. Yeah, I really do. And, and the way he shaded himself, he didn't ever pop off. He didn't ever brag. He always had the accurate thing to say that not too much emotion at all, just business.


Hmm. And, and people respected that. I think in the wrestling business, we have a lot of personalities, you know, the big egos and sometimes these guys don't want to do something, you know? And, but my dad had the respect and it, it made a great business. It just, I think you have to have that in you myself, man. You can talk me out of anything, you know? Oh, is that all the money you have? Well, well, I'll take less. You know, I, I'm all, I, I know why I'm like that. Not like my dad at all. He was, he was great. He was a business guy. He Was, yeah. Yeah. And what was he like with your mom? Like, do you have a nice memory of them being together? Like some, like a moment that you remember that was that meant something to you?


Yeah, I guess so. One time I was in the, the den and my mom and dad were kind of whispering and they disappeared. And my brothers were really young, so they went into the little study there, I guess, to talk. And, and I thought they've been in there a long time. And so I took the little coat hanger and straightened it out, you know, and pushed it in the door and opened it up, you know, they were at it. And I like, oh man, the weight. I said, so as a little boy, I thought, why are they so mad? Yeah. You know, what are they so mad about? You know, they were, it sounds they were, they were having fun. It sounded like two outta three falls, huh?


Well, I, I just felt like I needed to go in there, you know, and break this up, whatever it is, you know. And it was, that was kind of one of those moments, I guess Break this up, you bring a whistle in there. That's hilarious. Right? She's there. That's really something you remember though. Yeah. I, I do remember that. Trying to think of that beautiful moment. That's what came out. So everybody was wrestling, huh? I Guess. Well, yeah. Wow. Did you feel like you had to be a wrestler in your family? Like, was it, Well, you know, the truth of it is my dad didn't want us to wrestle. You know? In fact, you know, he was so, his finger was stuck, you know?


And his hands didn't move. Right. And Oh yeah, he probably walked around like a damn crossing guard. The, oh God. He was in his lower back and knees. And so, you know, I actually said to my sons, you know, you don't want to do this, I promise, you know, here we are in Hawaii and I can't even run on the beach. And I was a high hurdler, you know, I used to high jump over my head, you know, and, and I loved to move, but a day comes, you know, where you traded that traded that away, you know? So I told my boys, you don't want this. You know, you really don't. And, but you can't tell 'em that, you know, they, they were just like, I was, I wanted to do what my dad did. I thought he was great. Ah, and so did my brothers, you know, we thought every, everything he did was great, we thought.


And that's why I wanted to do like that. I'm sure my sons are thinking the same stuff, you know? Well, I think there's nothing more, there's something inside of a sun. You just wanna make your dad proud. Yeah. You know, you want him to look at you and, and yeah. Just feel a sense of pride That goes deep. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think that's probably the deepest thing that there is. Me Too. I really, I don't think there's anything less, I mean, you, you ask anybody, do you feel like your dad's proud of you? It's like that, you know, it really takes 'em to a place when they're thinking about that or answering that, you know? Yeah. Did were there was people using steroids and stuff back in ice? Or you steroids in high school? Was it a thing when you guys were growing up or no? Yeah, It was.


Yeah. Sure was. They, you know, it was, I, I didn't really ever wanna really get into that, you know? And 'cause we had naturally good bodies, but my brother Kerry was a bodybuilder. You know, he'd peeled the skin off the chicken and eat the rice with no soy sauce on it. Yeah. I'd never do that, man. I mean, I ate Twinkies chocolate milk, five or six glasses a day. Really? Yeah. I love chocolate milk sugar. My favorite food is sugar, You know? Oh, I'll eat damn two grams of sugar, dude. Me Too, man. I mean, if it tastes good, then my body must want it. Yeah. Because when I was growing up, yeah. He's so fit, huh? Yeah. He was probably the most romantically fit of you guys, huh?


He was, man, he used to seen as a little kid. He was, the girls all loved him. The t-shirts loved him. Damn. Straight men loved him. He was, I mean, you got, look, if you can go further enough past women where you get straight men to love you, you could have straight, I mean, this is, you know, in rural areas, you could have men that are, were like, no gays. But then I would watch it and then just adorn this gentleman. Yeah. I mean, you know that those were the times kind of, but yeah, Barry, he was, he was super fit. Did we, I see that picture. I remember he was a little boy. He was so cute. But he said, we, we went in the barn one day.


There's a big old wasp nest up there, a red wasp. You know how they stuck the ceiling up there. And so, you know, they're in the barn. We're all alone. And so, so we, you know, those things that you should gift wraps the long tubes, they come in the, in the car Christmas present. Yeah. So we lit one up and said, Curie, hold it under those, those those red ants. But remember to hold your breath. 'cause they can't sting you if you're holding her breath, you know? And so, but so don't breathe. And so we light it up, we're watching him go in there, you know, and he, the legs drop all on him and he runs out crying. And we said, stupid, we told you not to laugh, to breathe. And he said, it's hard to hold your breath when you're crying.


That is a great, it is hard to hold your breath when you're crying. Yeah. Yeah. He is. Right. My favorite, when we were kids, we used to pick on each other at dinner so bad. And the best part was to get somebody to cry when they had a mouth full of food. Right. Because they couldn't swallow. 'cause they were crying so hard. So the food just got, it'd be like, it just got stuck in the mouth, you know? Just that shit was so funny. Dude. Having siblings was so much fun. Huh? Did you guys do like Halloween and stuff together in any, like, did y'all do that? Yeah. Yeah. You mean go out and throw eggs at people and stuff and Yeah. And we did all that. Yeah. Yeah. And, And what was like birthday parties and stuff, like at your house? Because with so many kids, would you guys combine some of 'em or you everybody got thrown?


Oh, we had a lot of boys, you know, a lot of us in her house. And I remember like ladies saying, Ooh, it smells like boy in here. And, you know, 'cause we, they smell, they smell like boys, I guess. But, but I do remember that it was really hard for mama to get babysitters because like, we would, we were really hard on 'em, you know, just playing on with them and stuff, you know, we'd kind of make a joke out of it and they'd be crying and they're never gonna watch these kids again. I was climbing the walls and stuff like that. Oh, you need Abdullah the butcher to be your babysitter. I feel like. Probably. So You need somebody big at that time in wrestling where steroids like a popular thing.


Like, I remember when I was in high school, we would people use like test 200. But even growing up, like in Texas, was it, did people even know that steroids were bad for you? Or was it just like a, a medicine that was like kind of common in wrestling? Do you feel like, Well, doctors would give it to you. I mean, I didn't, I had trouble gaining weight when I was like, well, my whole life I've had trouble gaining weight. But, and, and so I took Diana Ball when I was in high school, but I took one a day for like two weeks and then lay off for two weeks and then take it again for two weeks and lay off for two weeks. And that's, that was what kind of, that was of a little boy pill.


That's what that was for little boys that weren't getting puberty. And then back then, like I say, there weren't all these rules and all steroids weren't necessarily a, a dirty word, but it, doctors did give them to people like after surgery and things like that to improve their appetite and things, you know? Yeah. But, and it makes a difference. But if you don't lift weights, if You don really have a s a strict regimen, then it's just gonna give you pimples on your back and make your hair fall out and your breath stink and all that stuff, you know? Yeah. It's, yeah. If you're not, yeah. If you're just shooting steroids and then just watching, you know, I dream of genie or shit like that. Yeah. Your life's gonna fall apart. Yeah. Yeah. Like, like those guys that get the injections to make their muscles look big.


Can you believe if you've seen some of these guys with these, they don't even work out Uhuh. They go in, they get silicone injections for muscles. You know, I gotta tell you, Theo muscles are nothing. You know, it's all you want to know your, in wrestling, I would lift weight because I wanted to be a better wrestler. I want my kick out. I wanna push my man off. I want be able to bench, you know, a lot. Because that's, it's important. But I mean, it, it's, it it to look pretty in the mirror. I mean, that's just a few shades short of Yeah. Fruity. If you ask me, you know? Oh yeah. I mean, look at this guy. That's the stuff. That's what I'm talking about. What in the hell is that?


No, I, I mean, The guy looks like he's stealing from Target. That's true. Really? What is that guy doing? Oh, That's, what is that guy doing? Yeah. Yeah. Jesus. That guy looks like a little, oh my God. And I'm gonna take that joke out. That was, that's offensive. I just wanted to make you guys laugh. Which Yeah, we used to use 'em. I'm trying to think. We, and we used them. Yeah. I just like, we got in and we were weightlifting pretty heavy. And it was fun using 'em. 'cause it definitely made things easier, you know? That was fun. And you, I felt you felt way more invigorated, you know?


For sure. What kind, what kind did you do? We were doing like test 200 and then people would, some people would do Deanna Ball. I never got that. We just would go on spring break and get test 200 or some people worked on farms and get test 200 from 'em, you know, testosterone or something. Yeah. Well the, some of that stuff, I mean, I have to say that some of that stuff the guys guys use you, you could see veterinary use only on the box. Yeah. You know, I mean, equine, this and all that, There's Oh, some of it you'd open up and it'd be like, yeah. Even when you took the top off, you're like, shit, that ain't for us. It was, that's what it was. It really? Yeah. I was never into that. 'cause you really can kill yourself with it, you know? It's like, it messes your whole body up, you know?


And was it popular in the sport when you got into the, I'm just trying to wonder what the times were like and how men felt like they had to The old man. Well, and did, and you guys were, because your family was in, your family was in good shape overall. But some of the shapes in wrestling weren't, it wasn't as much about the shape. You know, there was a lot of guys out there that were just Oh yeah. Big tough guys. Well, We wanted to put the best show on television we could do. And if that meant take steroids too. We didn't care. I mean it priority one was our body. Yeah. I mean, was our, was delivering that punishment. You know, we move quick and explode.


Have you ever, you've seen our wrestling was different. Oh man. Carrie was so f it's unbelievable watching him. Well, we just, that's the thing we wanted to, and that was the attitude back then. If, if the guys were wrestler gonna do steroids, well then it only fair that we knew 'em too. Now we didn't, don't get me wrong. It's like, I I, it is not like we're really into it. Kerry went down the University of Houston and was still in the discus for Coach EZ down there at U of H. And the stuff he learned down there was all this like expert stuff about weightlifting and, and weight events and all the, you know, they would take a cigarette and puff a cigarette right before they'd throw Uhuh. And Yeah.


If something in the nicotine would kick the muscles in, you know, kick your body just a little, it would give 'em just a little edge. Just a little more. Or they, I I love that. Or they drink ice cold water before you have a, a gom max on your bench. It helps just a little bit. You hear that Coach Hester, Kurt Hester, he is a speed and strength coach of mine. I think he coaches the University of Houston now. But I'm gonna make sure he hears that.


I'm realizing that anywhere worth going is worth going in. Good boots. Find your perfect pair with Tecovas. That's what I'm wearing. I like these wide toe. They got on them, baby. You know, I sometimes, now I like the wide toe, but sometimes I wear that little pointy toe, that little bird foot. You know, if I'm doing something, if I'm trying to just, you know, dance with a woman or impress a pair of Keet baby. Being confident isn't about being different. It's about being yourself. Every one of Kovas boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right out of the box. Yeah. I started wearing my kovas just during the evening time, but now they're just growing more and more on me. It's just like, gosh, my feet are just better now. Now I, I won't wear 'em when I sleep. I ain't no pervert. You feel me? Right now, get 10% off at Tecovas dot com slash THEO when you sign up for email and text. That's 10% off at t Eco OVA s.com/theo Tecovas dot com slash theo. See site for details. Tecovas, point your toes west.


You know, so many of us have dreams. Things we think about and we're like, oh, I could make this, or I could create this and then I could offer it to people. Offer a product or an experience or a modality to help others. Well, Shopify is the thing that connects your dream to your audience. I'll say that straight up. And that's the truth. You know, when we started out, we had a a, a website and an interface, and then we had a store. And at a certain point we needed help. We needed a site and a store that could fluctuate and Shopify offers just that. You might say, well, what if I can't design a website? Shopify's got you from the get go with beautiful ready to go templates to match your brand's style. What if I need a hand? Get help with everyday tasks like enhancing product images, writing product descriptions, or generating discount codes with Shopify's AI tools created for commerce. Turn those dreams into and give them the best shot at success with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash theo. That's Shopify dot com slash THE Shopify dot com slash theo.


So when you guys were, 'cause didn't carry, almost throw the disc didn't almost go to the Olympics. Yeah, but the Olympics got canceled that year because what year was it? Didn't Johnson cancel the Olympics? 80? It was the 80 No wait, that, yeah, 1980. That's what It was. The president canceled the Olympics, right? Or they We didn't go, No, it was that thing. I believe that was a, there was a airliner flying over Korea and a Russian shut shot it down. It was over a sensitive area. And the, and I believe it was Jimmy Carter at the Time. Oh, Jimmy Carter. Yeah. Yeah. And we didn't do the Olympics that year. Yeah. But he would've competed, Kerry would've competed. Well, you know, I think he would have, but I'm not really sure what, because they would've had to have the, I think he went to Champaign for those nationals.


Pregame Yeah. Nationals. But I, I don't think he went to the other, they even took it that far. Yeah. I'm not sure. I'm not sure how it went, but Which one of you guys was kind of the leader of you guys' brothers? Well, and I know sometimes it goes by age, right? Because there's always A Yeah, I was the big brother, you know, and no doubt about that. But my brother Dave had a real responsibility streak. He would just, my dad would come to him and say, okay, I want this fence to be, I want it to go down there 200 yards and I want a good post, or I want it double fenced and I want, and I want everything just right. And he tell Dave. And so Dave would tell me and Kerry what to do. He's the foreman. Yeah, he was the foreman. Yeah. And so, and kind of worked that way in wrestling too.


And he had, he was good on the microphone too. Oh yeah. That's, that's important. You gotta be good on the Mic. Was there a time where all, all of you guys were wrestling at the same time? Yeah, just briefly. It was, man, that was so much fun too. 'cause we never got to go to Japan together. Dave and I went to Japan together, and Kerry and I went to Japan. Never together though. But when we could all three to be together just for the, when we first started out, you know, for that first year we could, all three of us could go to towns. We got so much fun, man. We always would stop, we'd scuba dive all the way there, you know, if we, if there's clear water, if it's just a river or something, we'd dive in and swim. It was just Oh, along the way, Just, yeah, we'd had fun all day and we wouldn't even go to the dressing room.


We'd get dressed out in the, in the woods where the swimming hole was and we could get our rust and stuff on and go right to the show, get in the rain, come back out and wear our stuff. You know, we had it down, we had fun. And You got a leach in your tights, brother. You know? Yeah. Hey, don't call it that. You know? Were you all, did you all train together at home at a certain place? Like what was that kind of Yeah, we had a gym outside the house and on an adjacent property and this, and I'm probably the cause of all the pressure because I, I would put up Vince Lombardi posters all the time to, for myself, you know, I wanted to be the best I could be. And that was what it was like to live in my home.


Back then it was like, we lifted weights or three times a week, but we ran, we swam. Everything was about getting better because I wanted to play in the NFL and Kerry, well, Kerry just wanted to wrestle, but, and Dave wanted to wrestle, but I, I was, I was a football player. And, and so that's what it was all about. It's just do your best to quitters never quit. Winners never quit. Quitters never win. You know, that kind of stuff. On, on, I had posters everywhere on the gym and, and we'd spot each other and push each other and call each other sissies if we couldn't do it, you know? And I mean, we would spit on each other.


You know, we, we were savages and we wanted to get good as we could be. And when we, we wrestled, it was hard. You know, we, we, we were rough because we, anything worth doing is worth doing. Right. Yeah. You know, we wanted to be like successful mom. My dad was, but it would meant just go all out, you know, completely commit. And that means every take on Wednesdays we run 500, 400 meter, five lap, one lap around the tracks. 400 meter. We'd run five, four hundreds on Wednesdays. We'd time 'em, and Carrie and I were both high jumpers, Kerry High jump too. And we, we could bench, Kerry and I figured as long as we could bench twice our weight and high jump over our heads, then we would, we'll always be in shape.


Mm. And well, yeah, knee surgeries and all, you can't do that again. But that was the theory we wanted to go with. And Dave was the same. Dave didn't work out in the gym as hard as we did, you know, but Kerry and I did. Every we, everything we did was too exhaustion. And when you're kind of nauseated, when you think you're about throw up now, you've done enough. Dang. We really did, man. It was all the way I quit way before that. I realize. Yeah. Well, everybody does, man. That's the, if you wanna look different, you have to do what everybody else doesn't do. You know? And I mean, yeah. Fight through that. And did, were all of your brothers kind of subscribed to that same mentality? Or did some of them come along just because that, with that mentality just because they were your brothers?


No. Does that make any sense? Yeah. Yeah. I, I guess, yeah, nobody was just along for the ride. Yeah. I think they were all pretty much just wanted to be like me. Dave and Kerry wanted to be like dad. But, you know, things got kind of different when we were in, when we were kids, when I was in junior in high school, sophomore in high school, my mom and dad were gonna get a divorce, you know? And my dad was gonna move out. And that was my freshman year is what it was. And I, I came into the kitchen one day. My mom and dad are talking and dad said, Kev, I'm gonna move to Dallas and just get an apartment and y'all are gonna stay here and it's gonna be just great.


Y'all go to school and come see me on the weekends. I said, are y'all talking about a divorce? He said, yeah, son, we are, he's Trying to describe it to you without saying we're A divorce. Yeah. I said, well, I wanna go with you dad. And Dave heard me and Kerry came and said, we do too, dad. We wanna go with you. And so my mom's gonna be there alone, it looks like, you know? And I guess they, but I was the mediator with that, you know, and they kinda worked it out. But with the deaths, you know, that my mother was kind of damaged inside. It made her like, she was suffering so much. She, you know, with Dave, she was tough. I mean like her little own little brother and Jackie.


But then with Dave, she toughed it out, you know. But then baby Mike, he was the baby of our family. You know, Chris was even younger, but Mike was the, we'd been traveling around and we, we weren't home that much. So when Mike was the baby, you know, Traveling with wrestling, you guys were, had been traveling with wrestling. Wrestling. Yeah. See, Dave and the movie doesn't have the soup. Dave and Kerry were both married, you know. Wow. And Kerry had, Dave had a daughter died a crib death. But Kerry had two daughters, and Holly and Lacey and the beautiful sweet daughter. They, they spend every Christmas with us. And we, we told you, we, I got the big house for all to have all to have our Christmases. And because family is just like we were saying, there's nothing more important than family to me for any thinking, man.


And then, then again, there's the be being wrestlers and our brothers. I mean, my dad's a bad guy, you know, and they're booing him. It kind of makes you feel like it's us against the world. You know? These people are booing my dad, if they hate him, then we hate them too, you know? Right. And So, what, what was that about? So they, 'cause at what point did they, did the, what? The audience turned on your father? Or was just part of the No, he was like the perfect bad guy. Yeah. He was a Nazi. And after my brother Jackie died, and they're up in New York, he was like, his wrestling changed. He was different. He was a, he was wild inside. And I think it was like, he wanted to just take it out on people.


And it showed in the ring, Theo, when people would, when the wrestlers would come to out of the dressing room, get in their cars, the fans would stand around and boo, you know, from a distance. But when my dad came out to get in his car, silence. Mm. They were like, fear. It was like fear. He might run over here, you know? Oh, it was such an exciting time back then, when the wrestlers would come into the ring. I mean, there was just, God, I remember being a kid and we would lose our fucking minds and just beat the shit out of our sister. The second the fucking wrestling program came on, we would beat the shit out of our sister. Oh man. For no fucking reason, except I guess she was, She just couldn't get, get used to the schedule and no premise, stay away at that time of day or something.


Oh. If it was more than an hour broadcast, she knew she was in for it. I'll tell you that. You hear a lot of stories about how wrestling was like, you know, we had to wrestle one night and then the next night you had to wrestle again. And did you go on road trips like that? Where it was like a few days at a time? Was it weeks and months? I mean, what was it really like back then? Feel in 1984, I wrestled 386 times. God. And that's, there are a lot, a lot of those were triple shots, double shots on, on, on Sundays. You know, we'd rush TV shows or we'd riff. We'd do th two or three times. But after the started to be the deaths, you know, then I would have to, my, my, my dad had it work.


Dave could sell out a building. Kerry could sell out a building. I could sell out. And, but Mike was not quite there, you know. And so when Dave died, either Kerry or me had to fill his slot, you know, pay work another town. And that was hard. But then carry with the foot. Now I've got two slots to fill, you know? Right. And so I was wrestling three times a day, almost a couple times a week. But I was wrestling every day. Was it an option to take, to take those, some of the slots off the schedule? Or did you guys feel like as a family, we have to fill this? Did you feel like your dad was like, we have to fill this, or it was just that's what you did?


Well, I gotta tell you, we, you know, after the death we were, we were down, you know, and we sure didn't feel like getting back in that ring. But you know, you have to because after death there's all the publicity and dad's saying, you know, it's been a week, it's been two weeks or whatever. But I mean, there were times when we said, dad, I can't do it yet. I can't do it. You know, but he did want us to get in that ring. It was, but it was a family business. I don't wanna hold it against him. I understand. But it was brutal to make yourself do that. I mean, but what's on your mind is a love and brotherhood and seeing him again in heaven. But you wanna project, I'm gonna kick that guy's ass.


Yeah. You know, it's kind of your torn, you know. So a lot of life's like that, huh? Yeah. Yeah. It's like having two feelings at the same time. It's like, especially with death. 'cause it's like somebody's gone, but they're the one that's gone, but you're the one that hurts. And and you don't even know what they're feeling like. And you almost don't want to like mourn too much because then it's like, are you just using the morning for yourself? It's like, all that kind of stuff has always hitting me. I Know, I know. You wake up in the morning and there's nothing, you can't think about anything else. Man, I'm old enough. I can tell you a little something now, I never wanted to endorse marijuana or put it over because, you know, I had a position, you know, when I woke would wake up in the morning.


I could not think of anything else. That's all I thought about. And if I smoked a joint, I could daydream, I could think of something else, you know? And I, I had to, I was grateful for that stuff. I, I mean, it, it, it helped me. Well, I'm sure, especially out in Kauai, it was probably, Oh shoot. Yeah. I was helping everybody. Well, So I had my knee replaced, you know, and it didn't go very well. It's kind of, I, I rehabbed it too quick. See, in college when you have a knee surgery, you, you fight like hell to get it back, you know? And well, I got out there and I got a knee replacement, but I'm a senior citizen and so instead I shouldn't have rehabbed it like that, you know?


Sure. I like, I, I was doing flips off the cliff with the boys and it knocked something, I smell glue on my breath. I thought Uhoh, that can't be good. 'cause they just glue in there. Really believe. Really? Yeah. And you think some of it came up your bloodstream? You could taste it a little bit. I tasted it. Yeah. I tasted that's bad anyway, so Damn, they're using damn glue. Well, God, yeah, they do. They use glue. Well, shit, we could use glue. I mean, I mean they have, they power tools really. I mean, working on you, they gotta drill the whole deal, you know? They hide it from you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. With that anesthesia, dude. Oh man. They just bring in a couple of cub scouts in there and they're doing damn woodwork on you in there. Oh, Plane.


With, with wrestling, did you have to be as tough at the wrestling part as you did at the partying part? Like there seemed to be this thing when I, when I look back on like wrestling and a lot of the stories, especially coming up out of like the seventies, eighties, nineties, where not only did you have to prove yourself in the ring, that you were the toughest guy, that you were able to do the matches, but then you had to prove yourself again, like at the drinking table. Was that part of the culture as much as, Oh man, it was, that was the easy part for us because neither, none of us really liked to taste the po you know, we, I mean, I, I, I, I'll have a drink or even two, but I'm done.


I can't drink six of anything, you know? And I mean, a lot of people can, but I think that was a big thing for us. We never did get that big stomach. I guess that a lot of my friends, you know, love that beer. All my teammates, you know, my wrestling colleagues love beer. But I, I, I never did get into it and I'm glad I didn't because it, it's taken its toll on a lot of good men. Yeah. But I'll tell you this, after those knee surgeries, I had to take three Oxycontin a day. Gosh, shoot. One in the morning, one in noon and, or one at one o'clock, and then one at sundown. And 'cause they have time, they had time release in 'em, you know, and worked great. It didn't make you goofy or anything, but I could ride a bike, you know, and stuff.


And I could, I could, it, it, it kind of hurt worse later. But with the pain pill, take another dang pill. Oh yeah. I feel like a damn care bear if I take one of them Shit. Well then c came and I went to get my medicine. 'cause we never left our, our ranch except for go to the doctor, you know, I mean, we had everything there In Kauai. Yeah, in Kauai. I, I grow four different types of avocado and we trade them with our neighbors. We have Turkey, we raised sheep. We have tilapia, a fish full of thousands of fish and, and every kind of fruit you could think of, you know, we didn't have reason to go. The boys are spearing fish and throwing the net and catching crabs. And so it was, it was a great way to live.


You know, we just didn't really leave, but Covid came. And so I go to get my medicine and it's like twice as much. It, I was already paying 900 bucks a month for it. It's two 1800. And I said, well, I'm quitting this stuff. And so I quit. But man, I got these flu symptoms like, you know, I felt like I was weird and, but I fought through it, you know. But Ross got me the stuff called Creto. It's a leaf on a tree. And, and we could grow, we grow the tree out there, you can crumble it up or, or it comes it, you put it in a powder, put it in a pill. And I was able to kick that Oxycontin and it 10 days, I wouldn't even want another one By using Kratom.


You were able to kick Kratom, did that. Yeah. And Then were you able to get off the crate M That was easy to quit. Crate MI never liked that stuff. Smelled like hay anyway, you know, but it was easy to get off of it. But, so, you know, I, I decided, I told you when it came on, I wanted my life to kind of be help someone all that suffering. You wanna look, get something good. Yeah. You know? And, and if anyone is suffering from any kind of addiction, like the opioids and all, bear that in mind. They're crad places all around. I'm not saying I'm not getting any money for it, I'm just saying it sure helped me. And if you're an addict and it was bothering you, I mean, I, I could, I couldn't believe I was addicted to this stuff.


I mean, I wanted to quit and I got, you couldn't got sick. I thought shit, never gonna let something happen like this to me again. How bad did the Octa did it, did Octa like feeling like you had to take Oxycontins get Well, I never kinda let it get to that point. You're supposed to take it at one o'clock, supposed to take it in the morning, at night before you go to bed. So that's what it always did. Yeah. And you don't walk around high, you just don't hurt, you know? 'cause it's got the pain relief I, the time release in it, you know. But, But that crayon was helpful, huh? Oh yeah. Wow. Sure was. Yeah. I have a friend who got addicted to Kratom, so I think there's probably, there can be a slope there, but I certainly could see how it could be used to help people get off of Oxycontin. Yeah.


It's illegal in some countries. Kratom is, Kratom Is, it must be illegal. Addictive. Yeah. Was was addiction ever part of the, any of your brother's issues or No? Did addiction run in you guys' family? It runs in my family. Well, you know, I don't think it does. My, my brother Kerry, you know, was, he went to the Betty Ford clinic and all these places, but he was never addicted to anything. He just liked all of it. I mean, he'd do cocaine one day, he'd do pain pills the next day. He'd acid this, I mean mushrooms. It was, it was something different all the time with like Kerry, what are, you know, and I'm not saying I'm so good. No, but it sounds like it was a, it sounds like he was addicted.


I mean He was addicted to the feeling Ah, of the feeling. I see what you're saying. Just getting out of his skin, you know? Oh Yeah. God, that's a steel cage match. I don't wanna be in my own skin. Yeah, I know, man. But you know, that's life. You gotta fight through that crap, man. You got, yeah. You just fight through it. Well, yeah. 'cause to me it sounds like he might've had, he could've had addiction problems. Like if they had looked at by, at it by today's standards, you know, I think things were definitely looked at differently then. Yeah. Yeah. Might as well. 'cause if you can't stop, then what do you call it? You know? Yeah. Because he, I know he wanted to stop. 'cause it was, 'cause he had those beautiful daughters. He loved them so much. You know, Holly and what was the other one saying? Holly And Lacey.


Lacey. Lacey lives out in LA and Holly is out there in east Texas now. Hmm. And hopefully they'll be with me soon because, you know, I've been going back to Hawaii every few months, every month, you know, and, but I haven't been back in a couple of months now. And man, it is heart and me. 'cause Bingeing, my little treasures out there. Jill's, Jill has four. She has two. A boy and three daughters. And Who's Benji? Benji is the 6-year-old and we're like this, we go everything together. Oh, that's a grandchild? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, got it. No, I've got a lot of grandchildren. Oh, you do? My son Marshall has given me two. Okay, well he can get more out of 'em. Yeah. Yeah. He, I sure can Fire him up. Huh. And then Kristen has given me plenty and, and, but the, that boy and I begin five, you know, four, three that age.


He was just with me all the time. Oh, that's fun. And now Marshall has got given me a, a grandson and he's just about to turn five. And we're like that. I mean, it's either monster trucks or we're turning over rocks. We're just throwing rocks and catching snakes and bugs and lizards and all. And it's just, it's just fun all the time, you know? But it's like, Yeah, I could see that for sure. You remind me also, I mean, if you were my grandfather or something, I would, that would be awesome. And you remind me of Tommy Lee. Actually about t probably a like does anybody ever tell you that? Who's Tommy Lee? Tommy Lee from Motley Crew. Oh, that band came to Sport Auditorium.


A bunch of nice guys. I know those guys. Of Course you do, dude. Yeah. That's you dude. That's why you know him. But Tommy's a great guy. Tommy's great. You guys just remind the way you guys talk and stuff. Does that make any sense to you, Nick? Yeah. Tommy's a greatest dude, man. He's nice. Just the way you guys sound and stuff like that. He's a super guy. Yeah, they're good, man. Did you ever fight somebody high? Could people fight high in the ring? Did, did people ever fight high in the ring? I don't think so. I mean not, not on purpose, right? You know, But I, I, I couldn't remember the Oh, golly. Yeah. Oh, we did before.


There was this stuff called GHB, and it's this super drug, but they sold it in like athletic stores, you know, and sporting good source because it was like a fat burner. And so we're going to this town, and Kerry and, and Kerry's going there. He told us, he told us not to take too much of it, but by the time we, he said, you'll probably go to sleep in the car by the time we get there. You know, your body's gonna be burning your fat off, you know. So we took that crap and golly, shoot, I don't know how we got through that night. It was terrible. Oh, y'all were to zombies? Yeah. Yeah. We were, we was like, like we're just sitting there dozing office right. In match time. And, and it'd be just one of the brothers trying to wake you up, you know, shut up, you know, and Oh, it was terrible, terrible.


That stuff or something. Yeah. I could just imagine what that's like at that time. You're almost like anything to kind of get an edge. Everybody's testing out the cool stuff, or I know where the new thing is. I guess that's all, that's always been a part of that bodybuilding world too. I think, you know, when you're big in a bodybuilding, a lot of those things kind of come along. Like, you know, there's different creatines, there's different uppers, there's like these testosterone reinvigorated or whatever, and it's just a picture of like a comes, sometimes it comes in like a huge set of balls, the, the powder or whatever you like, what the hell is this? But yeah, there's all types of that, that bodybuilding's always been on the edge of the, of like using So competitive. Yeah. Yeah. Using and, and finding an a, an advantage.


Yeah. You know, that, that's So when two guys are gonna look at looking at the mirror Yeah. With each other and you, I, I got better things to do, you Know? Yeah, yeah. At a certain point, I think. So it's interesting that you refer to other wrestlers as like a team, or you referred as your team or something. Is that how you guys thought of y'all's wrestling organization as a team? Yeah, it was a family business and it was like a team. It was like, if, you know, we, we were never were jealous of each other, you know? As to the real truth to it is, you know, when my dad and I flipped when Carrie and me flipped the coin for the world title, well, the truth to it was that I was have, I'd had a family and I'm married and I have children, you know, and Carrie wanted to be the world champion you, but to be the world champion is a special kind of wrestler to do that.


And not a Carrie. You need somebody that makes the other guy look good. That's really what it's all about, you know? And, and Dave could have done that, but, and I think Carrie may, I couldn't have done it though. I've been a baby face my whole life, you know, I, I kiss the babies and I've, you know, do all that stuff. But the real difficult working, wrestling, the hard stuff is to be heal. That's the creative stuff, you know? And For our listeners that don't know what a heel is, Well, a heel's the heavy, the bad guy, you know, the Bruiser Brodys and the Kamalas and the King Kong Bundys, you know, Why is that the tougher spot to be?


Well, because you're limited for a good guy, what you can do, you know? But a bad guy, he could do anything. And he better do it too, because it's all about, you know, it's like you're slaying a dragon, you know? There's a, the guy, the knight and shining armor, and there's the big ugly dragon. You know, when I first went out to Atlanta on WTBS out there, I was 19 years old and, you know, handsome kid, you know, and the hero. And here comes the big monster to wrestle me. It's this Terry Gordy. Yeah. Ba bam was his name. No. Yeah. And I found out talking to him, he was 16.


Oh my God. He was a teenager all that time. They'd like, what? Hell he is. Y'all are being damn sex trafficked, you know? That's crazy, Dude. Yeah. That's hilarious. You're both scared of each other. You're both damn. Having even finish school work. Well that, that's it. You know, you want each I m bring That picture of him up. I'm sorry to interrupt you, Kevin. Bring that picture of him up. Look at that fella dude. Yeah. That's wild, huh? Yeah. He was something else. You would've loved him. Yeah. I'm telling you, Michael Hayes is a, he's a character buddy cowboy, but that guy was 100% gold inside. Oh, he would fight to the death, but he had a heart for little kids and for girls, and he was just nice.


He was such a good guy, man. But he was a battleship too. What did he pass away? Yeah. Yeah. What happened to him? Oh, shoot. He was, he overdid it on the plane. He OD'ed on a plane and they had to restart him. Shoot. And then something, I believe that his blood was, stayed away from his brain too long and it starved his brain and he had some damage when he, when he came out of that, then I, I talked to him and he just could've hurt myself, brother. I said, no, Terry, you're fine. He goes, no, I'm not fine.


So he had, he could talk to me, but he was real slow. He didn't have any of this hand eye kind of coordination. So It cost him something. Huh. Dang. But then I'd always heard that he fell off the jet way, getting on a plane one time too. I think he did. He fell off the jet way drunk, landed on his head and got back up and gone on the plane. Made the show. Yeah. But, so I thought that was what, why he was like that. But he said no something else, you know? Yeah. So many guys went through so much. Man, Terry Funk. He's, he's still alive, I believe, isn't he? Man? I hope so.


But I hadn't heard the bad news if, if he had Oh, no, he says he passed away in August. I I love that guy. Two years. So I, I hope that I, Terry Funk was he, man, he was incredible to watch, wasn't he? He sure was. He taught me so much to me. My brother Dave and I we're 19, 18 years old and we're the bad guys. And then Marillo Wrestling, Dory and Terry, who the great good guys, you know, they loved them. And Dory Funk as well. And Dory, their, their brothers. Brothers, yeah. And their dad was Dory Funk Sr. Okay. Super badass. Well, these two were in, in the ring, and Dave and I we're just learning, you know, we're just learning about this Dave.


Pretty good heel, but I didn't know what to do, really. And so we're in the ring and, and Dory's telling us everything. He goes spit on me kid. I said, sir, he said, spit on me. I go, so I spit on him. So Dave unloads on Terry too. The crowd went wild. They hated our guts, so they beat us, you know? And I get on the mic and I say, you're in trouble now. I'm gonna get my daddy. And so then, oh, they food me good, you know? And so I love being a hill, but I just wasn't good at like, you know, like Dave was, you know, Irving curry. So that was the real, so that, so that was something that was tough to be a heel.


Yeah. It's a lot harder. You have to have some creativity about it, you know? Yeah. And then you've gotta have a personality that we're, you know, I mean, that, that, that, that you're projecting, it's gotta come from in here, you know? Right. And you can't get upset if people don't like you. 'cause you're almost the guy that people don't like. Well, Dave and I were coming back from the ring in Florida one time, and this Cal and Dave's a bad guy, and so I'm he too. And so this guy steps up. You remember people would dip skull and they spit in those cups. So we sl that stuff on us, you know? And oh, and I thought, well, you know, we've been, make, we've been begging him to hate our guts. Finally, we're there. And I look, and Dave's running up in the bleachers after the guy kicked his ass up.


Wow. In the stands and all. But, so I said, Dave, we worked our butts off to make him hate us. He goes, Dave was just, you know, you couldn't talk to him. He was so mad. You know,


The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best end on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT, what do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book, 21 plus, and President in Virginia must be first online real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Here's a dirty little secret. The insurance company would rather keep under wraps insurance company's profit by holding onto money for as long as possible. So after the accident, they'll do whatever they can to delay or deny your claim. This way, they can keep those profits growing. Morgan and Morgan fights hard for their clients and these corporate bullies know that a recent client in Pennsylvania just received $29 million. Insurer's best offer was 500,000. Another recent client in Florida received $20 million. Last offer was $0. There's a reason why Morgan and Morgan is America's largest, is injury firm. Hiring the wrong firm can be disastrous. Hiring the right firm could substantially increase your settlement. With Morgan and Morgan, it's easy to get started and their fee is free unless they win. Just visit for the people.com/t heo or dial pound law 5 2 9. That's for the people. F-O-R-T-H-E-P-E-O-P e.com/theo. Or dial pound law pound 5 2 9. This is a paid advertisement.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. You know, therapy can feel like a big investment. You're like, well, do I have, you know, can I spare that? How do I fit it into my budget? But I do think taking care of yourself and putting yourself in the best space mentally and emotionally, just the, the effect and payoff and residual effect of that in your life is pretty magical. With BetterHelp, you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on costs and time. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from 100 to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. Your mental health is worth it. And now it's within reach. It's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash theo to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HELP BetterHelp dot com slash theo.


Kerry. Kerry, do you think he was the most athletic? Yeah, Kerry was a really good athlete. He was, he was. Just everything. He, he just, it just came easy to him. In fact, when I watched him play his senior year in high school, it looked like a Play football. It looked like Terry Gordy playing against so bunch of peewee guys. Yeah. You know, he was that big. And I, I sound like I'm exaggerating, but he carried the ball five times and he scored five touchdowns, and the coach took him off. Offense just said he wanted to save him for defense, but he was great on offense. He was a good linebacker too, but, but he was really a good running back. I've never seen anybody just run through people like that.


Dang. But he didn't like football. The Texas University of Texas offered him a scholarship. He didn't want to go, he didn't wanna play football. He wanted to do track. Yeah, no, he wanted do track. He wanted to do track. And Dave the same way. Basketball. Dave loved basketball. I, I love football, you know, but we go to North Texas and, and Dave gets, has this scholarship. We're both there, you know, and, and so I look up on that hill one day and it's a real hot day. And I hear a pop and I, so he hits the ground. So I look up there and I can see through the dust, Dave's big old frame getting off off of that ground. He's playing wide receiver. And we had some defensive backs, were killers, you know.


And, and so Dave gets up and I see the coach is parked over there watching practice. And he walks out to Dave and he tells Dave, we're practicing in that air conditioning gym out there. And when we get thirsty, we get a drink of water. It's not like this out here. And so Dave quit and went to play basketball at North Texas, and I played football, but that we all he sports. Dave was a basketball player. I ran, I played football. Nick Kerry was just, you know, And your other brothers, Mike and Chris, were you guys a little bit disconnected from them 'cause of age or, Yeah, that was it. Because by then we were wrestling and we weren't home very much. Right. And Mike was the big brother to Chris.


Got it. Yeah. So that was almost like a second. It was almost like a second installment Yeah. Of children in a way. Yeah, It was. Yeah. I saw that match with Carrie and Rick Flair, or there's one match I remember it was during the daytime, right? Yeah. And I think it was in 84 maybe. Yeah. Is this it Daytime? It was 84. This was after David had passed away. Right. Were you at this match? Oh yeah. I, I wrestled on this card too. And because He looks so much more athletic and no judgment to Rick Flair, I mean, their age difference and may be huge here, but did he ever have to slow down with other wrestlers to make it look more real?


Does that make any sense? Well, I suppose, but yeah. You know, it's all about, it's, he had such charisma, you know, his charisma was really his thing. I mean, he had a great body and a beautiful build. And I'm gonna tell you, Tony Atlas and I were bench pressing and I had a good bench press. I could bench 445 pounds. But my brother and Tony were benching five 20, both of them. And I mean, reping it, you know, and I've never seen anybody as strong as cur was. I mean, cur for his size had the most power I've ever, and you see anybody be able to bring up, and he, he was agile too.


I mean, I suppose you could a high jumper, a really good high jumper. What was it like when Flair came to town? That must have been a ride, huh? He's just quite a character. Yeah, he was. He's something Else. He's something else, man. You just, you got a show with him. Right? Oh. And the best time. 'cause he's just, he's got stories and he like, you know, he likes to, you know, it's fun. He's All fun all the time. Yep. That's, and it's no other side to it really. No. The kind of isn't. He is a real, a real gentleman. He's got a great voice. You know, when you hear his voice, you think that should be a radio man. Yeah. You know, he really does sound good. But, but when he comes to your town, he's gonna give an interview that's gonna rile. I don't care who you are, he's gonna make you furious and you're gonna come down and see him get his butt kicked.


And so he, that's, you gotta have that, you know, that's, that, that's Rick now Harley Harley race and, and the other champions, the drawing a plank. But I mean the, the Briscoes and, and they were great, but each had something else they brought to the table. Harley was, you know, he had his rep at all of his different holes and moves and, but Rick, what an interview he gives, and he's got the experience too. You know, he's something else. And he is got a good head for, for when to do what he does. But you see what I mean? That was a guy like me really wouldn't fit the bill like Rick would. Right. Rick is gonna, and he's gonna bump all night.


He doesn't ever get tired, you know, he is the, he's gonna have, he's gonna be dragging out to an hour. Yeah. Or gonna try to, Yeah. Just magnetic man. That was a magnetic time. He is, man. What was one of the most traumatic things that happened to one of your brothers in their life while they were alive? Was there anything that kind of started, changed their life a little bit that we didn't really see as much? Well, probably, so yeah, my little brother Mike, you know, with the toxic shock syndrome, he had a, we were wrestling in Tel Aviv, and we're gonna do some shows in Lebanon too. And so Mike saw wrestling the guy, but his shoulder had been dislocated.


And he popped it back in the dressing room, got back out there in the ring, and it popped out again. And it had really popped out bad this time. So we flew him back to Texas to get surgery. And with the incision, it got toxic shock syndrome. It's a tampon thing ladies get, but they had such a huge incision where the arm was, or the shoulder was that they had chef ga gauze in there. Oh. And some of it got left in, I Think that might, it didn't get left in, but it, it got septic or something maybe, but whatever it was, his fever went up to so high, 106 hundred.


I even heard 107. But that, it didn't kill him though. In fact, the doctor came down, I, I say team, you would believe that the, the hospital was filled with fans, you know, they wanted to offer their kidneys or their liver to Mike, you know, to that such love, you know. But the docs told us that he's just, his fever is too high. He's not, he's not gonna come back. And he's, he's not gonna make it through the night. And so, rather than go up there and say goodnight, like he told him to, like, he told us too. Then we had, my parents were down in this waiting room at the hospital up here at Baylor.


And we had Gary Holder was, we had a, a chaplain that would go with our to shows, you know, big shows. And he gave us a prayer where he talked about, he said, God, you say anything we ask in Jesus' name, then you will do it. So we're asking you to stand on your word. And he slammed that Bible down on the desk, man. I wanted to hide my head. I thought he went too far, you know. But it was just a few seconds later, the door opened up and he said, the fever's broken. We, there's hope. And we ran up to see Mike just like that. It was, and, and David Manning was right there.


My dad was there. My mom, Kerry saw it. It was a miracle. And it was really a miracle and beautiful. But look, I don't wanna get in argument with people in it, but I would love, like I told you, I'd like my life to have a, an experience that people could benefit from, you know? Well, if you are somebody that's like, maybe I was at a time, like, life is overwhelming. And you know what? It's, it's like when you overcome something, you are so much a better man than you were before. It's like when you are pushed your limit and you have to adjust or die, you get stronger. You get stronger and go. And I would just say to anybody that's out there lost, if you wanna feel like you'll never be afraid of man or beast again, you will not be afraid of dying if you know where you're gonna go when you die.


And I mean, I know where I'm gonna go. And I, I have no fear. I mean, it's a, it's a great life. Did you, did you have religion instilled in you when you were growing up? Did you have like No, That's the thing. We went to each church on Easter, you know, I remember, but this is a pretty odd story. But I spent the night with this, my dad's real estate partner's, a doctor. And I spent the night with him one night, and the next day was Sunday. And they took me to church with them. And so I went to church. And so the only reason I went is 'cause if you spent the night, you get sleep with the dog. And I love their dog, you know, and Oh yeah, dude, I've stayed over places just to be by the animals.


Well, we go to church and he, these men surround me and ask me if I wanted to accept Jesus. And so I knew that song Jesus loves me, you know? And I'd been to wrestling before and I'd seen people poke the finger and stuff. And I knew that was bad, you know? And I thought, I don't wanna be bad. I wanna be good. You know, so, so I wanna be on that side, you know, because I've kinda seen a little of those words, you Know? Yeah. You weren't a good heel. Yeah, no. This was the, this was, this was choosing not to be a heel. Yeah. For eternity. I mean, Well, that's, well, you know, now that I understand what was going on, 'cause I was just a little boy, you know?


So I, I said the prayer, you know, and they asked me if I believed Jesus died, you know, I did. And I felt something move in my, something weird in my chest. And I thought somebody, there were men standing behind me. I thought they did something to me like, but I actually felt something move inside me. And I think it was, that little bit of evidence gave me a lot of courage. And I knew God was with me. I knew he was. And that night I was got on my bed, and I went and I looked on my porch. I was just looking at this outside the stars, and I'm a little boy. I could have imagined it, but I could have sworn a son, angel, fly across the field with a horn in his mouth, like he was blowing a horn.


I didn't hear any sound. It looked just like a Christmas ornament to a Christmas tree. But, but in my mind, this, this was my best day of my life, and I belonged to God now. And I have never been afraid of anything since then. Amen. Yeah. It's, it's interesting. I think people get, have, sometimes people get scared to share, like their testimonies or moments that they've had where they've just felt like something stronger than them took care of them. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I remember a feeling one time where I was just broken down, man, I was really banged up about a relationship and just not sure what I wanted to do with my life. I'd moved back in with my stepparents. And man, I remember one time I was just b just on my knees bawling.


And I felt something come around my heart, man, I can't even explain it. Just like this, this, this warm thing. Just, I mean, I'd never felt where my heart was. I mean, I'd put my hand on it hoping for the best when I was pledging the lesions. No Deal. He's knocking on the door, you know? But I mean, you are a Little foy. You're beautiful. He's Trump and you're all alone suffering like that. God, that was God's theo. Yeah. He came to you. You know, we got one lifetime to learn it. You know, that there is such a thing. I mean, let me tell you, there is a devil and people wanna say there's no such thing, but there is, boy, I could tell you a really weird story, but it's 100% true. Yeah. I mean, your life's full of craziest stories ever.


Listen to this one. Okay. So I'm gonna wrestle, but Big Daddy, king Kong Bundy and the sport, and the Will Rogers Coliseum in Fort Worth. So I'm on the way to Lorraine. Kerry said, Kev, come here. I said, what Kerry? He said, I was dad on the phone. Mike's just been in a terrible call wreck. He's, he's dying now. Dad said, don't try to get there fast, because he'll be dead before we get there anyway. And I said, what? And so I ran to the ring. I said, ring the bell. They ring the bell. I grabbed Bundy's leg, schoolboy him, 1, 2, 3, ran to the back, carrying a hauled ass to the hospital, stealing all rusting stuff. And so we get there and there's cops everywhere, and they're standing by the doors.


And I, I run right into my bust open, and I, and there's this black lady out there, and she said, my baby, my baby. And when I cr crashed, those doors open, there's a little black kid laying there dead Mm. And blood and stuff. And ugh. So I go out the other door, open the door, and there's Mike. Hey Ke, he was fine. Just fine. And so I, I, I'm like, I'm numb, you know? And so I knew my parents were on their way down here. And so I, I go outside and I see them walking down the ramp, and I said, he's okay. And my dad just about fell down. My mom, oh, they fell down. Well, so I'm gonna get my car to come home. And Abilene is west, but Dent is north.


Well, for some reason, I went west, and I'm almost to Abilene, Eastland to just, I was so out of it, just driving. By the time I got home, I was sleep so sleepy. His sun had already come up. Him been waiting for me. And so I was gonna take my bulldog down to the lake and wash him. I had Castile soap, you know, okay. For the environment and all. So watching my dog, and, oh, sorry, I'm sorry. I, I, maybe it's concussions. But before that, I said, God, thank you for giving me my, my brother back. Let me fight the devil. Let I, I said, Satan, I want to, I'll fight you. I'll fight you. And, and said, let me fight him.


God. It was stupid. A stupid boy. And so I go to the lake of washing my dog. And Phil, I swear this happened. So my dog, everything's real still. And, and I, I'm feeling weird a little bit. And I look and I see there's a, a bush here and some more bushes here and a hill here. And I see these little black things taking position against me and advancing on me. I felt like I could smell blood, I could smoke death. And I said, get in the car, Pam. And I put my back to the car, and I was like this. And, and I would see him going from trees. They're getting these positions.


And I was, I was ready. And next thing I know, I'm out. I'm having a seizure in my car. And, and yeah. And so Pam's screaming and crying, and these fishermen have run up to help. And I must have hit one or kicked one or something. But a girl ran up and said, I know his parents, I'll get them. And an ambulance came and all that. But I know it's because I'm a man and I challenge the devil. And we have Jesus in us that fights the devil. We don't have anything to do with the devil. And so that was, that was my lesson that I learned. But I know that happened, and that's just in me, like written on my heart and, and, and nail, you Know, look, it's a testimony, man.


Yeah. I, I thank you for sharing that. Yeah. I think sometimes we don't think that the devil is real. And that's a, that is the devil's way to trick us. I believe that. Yep. You know, if you don't think that evil's real, then it's how quick. You don't know how close it is to you either, you know? No. You don't know how intertwined it could be in your own veins if you don't even believe it's real. That's a pretty masterful trick by it. Yeah. And we think with a man's mind, and they, the devil is an angel's mind. You know? I mean, he is way smarter than we are. We could never Devil's a thug. Devil's a the devil is a thug, you know? Yeah. That is the truth, man. Thank you for sharing that. I've had friends share some really, some strong testimonials, some moments where they just felt that, you know, I mean, there has been moments in my life where, yeah, I just felt you just get that feeling from na You ever get overcome with that feeling?


You're just so thankful that God has been with you. Yeah, Yeah, Man. Because you thought you did it yourself, and you realized you didn't, that God was there with you. Man, when that, when I've had that feeling, come over me, God. I mean, it just, it'll, you just, you almost feel like you thaw out some, you know, like you thaw out. And then we get to a position where we, where something bad comes along, we, oh, no, God, don't let this happen. You know, you're, and, and he saves us again. And like, oh, I forgot the other times too. You know? And, and, you know, so, Oh, I forget. I'll forget. You're The little southern boy. I know. What kind of, you caught Copperheads and water moins and stuff like that, I'm sure. Oh, I definitely, I got electrocuted a bunch. I was definitely beaten a lot.


Yeah. Yeah. We got bit by things attacked. I got attacked by a bunch of stray animals. I grew up in the stray animal belt. Really? So they had just What Kind of stray animals? Oh, anything brother. Snakes, raccoons, birds, dogs, man, ba, I don't even know. Just they had dogs wearing jewelry. All kind of shit was out there looking for us. Man. That's a, you got a good memory. It was dangerous out there. Well, You know, I used to get chase, I got chased by a goose when I was a little kid By ghost. A Goose. Oh, a goose. Yeah. I'd rather a damn ghost. Gooses are dangerous, dude. We're looking bite, you know? But for a little kids, it's scary.


They don't care. And they're violent. And dude, a goose will come at you. It'll just be one of them. Some animals will have five or six of 'em. Raccoons are like that, you know? Ants are like that, you know, they won't come at you. Just one, but a goose. That thing will roll up on you solo. That's pretty savage when you think of it. Yeah. That Is that you, that's A ghost is thinking ramble. Dude, that's crazy. Oh, what were the, your parents' lives like? What was, like, are your parents either of your parents still alive? No. Okay. Are they buried in the same place? Yeah, they are. Yeah. We, we had my mother, you know, we, when we moved out, I couldn't move to Kauai without taking my mom with Me.


Oh, she took your mom with you? Yeah. Oh, dude. And she lived in the house with us too. Did she love it there? You know, my dad used to wrestle in Japan a lot. And so we would meet him in Hawaii. And I didn't realize it, but Hawaii reminded her of her sons. Mm. And she didn't wanna go anywhere. She wanted to stay in her room, and she wanted to grow her flowers. And that was it. She just, she did love it. She loves her flowers, you know, but it was like, it reminded her too much of that. But she, and she passed away up in our, our guest room upstairs. And, but all my granddaughters and my, my son's wives were standing around her singing hymns while she passed away.


And Theo, before she died, she was a super good woman. She was so sweet and thoughtful to everyone. When she'd come to school, I'll be so proud of her, you know? 'cause all the kids will like her. But when she was laying in that bed and she breathed her last breath, even as she, like that her hand went up like that. And I could just pitch him touching Jesus' hands and going to heaven. You know? She was probably ready to go see her sons. Huh? Oh, I know. She was, you know, my dad to tell you all this personal stuff, buddy. But, Oh, I could match you if you need, but we've heard my stories a lot. No, I just can't imagine. I bet she was ready to go see her sons.


You know, he was, I bet she'd been gone away from 'em long enough. And, you know, my dad too, because really, when you think about it, my dad lost more than my mom. My dad lost his sons, but he didn't, he didn't ever show it. I mean, but he hurt. He was hurting. But he was like, it was just that he, at his ladder in the final days, he was so torn up inside. I think when he saw me, it would remind him of all the suns he lost. And he pulled that 44 out one day. And, and he, he pointed his head like, I'm just going to shoot myself. And duh, no, don't do it. Don't do it, dad.


And he pointed the gun at me, and I said, he said, you're afraid to die, aren't you? 'cause he said, you'd have the guts. You do it too, if you had the guts. And I said, dad, it doesn't take guts to live. I mean, it take guts to kill yourself, dad. It take guts to stay alive on this earth. And he was hurting so much. He, he would just go, oh God. He'd rub his face, go, oh God. And when he, I'd hear that, you know, I, I actually wanted him to die. Mm. I wanted him to pass away. He was, he was just miserable. And I know that when he died, he was right there with Dave Carey, Mike, it was beautiful.


But my dad had gotten, he said, look, son, if you kick an old dog enough times, he's gonna bite you. And that's how I'm with God Right now, is he's kicked me too many times. And so I, I said, dad, it's gonna be, you are gonna be so surprised. But I couldn't convince him of it, you know? Yeah. But We, yeah. I can't, I imagine, I, I can't imagine what it's like to be kind of the soul, the surviving son. Did you feel chosen or did you feel deserted? Does that question make any sense to you? Sure. It's funny to say that. Yeah. Because I felt chosen in the way that my dad gave me a tape recorder back when I was in fifth grade.


It was Bell and Hal, you know, and you could talk into it. And I couldn't believe it. I could hear my voice. Yeah. You know, and, and so, and so, I, I thought, I love my dad so much. I filled the tape. Okay, one day dad's gonna die and I'm gonna talk now. And here I am alive while he's still alive. And so I'm gonna say something to make me feel better. Say, man, I'm sorry, cv. Sorry, boo. I just filled tape up without this. Oh. As if you were impersonating your dad. Yeah, Yeah. Like, I can comfort myself later when I don world. No, dude. That's really interesting though. Yeah. It's so interesting. But I remember saying, Dave and Kerry, we loved each other so much. I, I thought, I can't bear to lose them. I could not bear it.


And I thought, but they love me that way. And so I, I said this even in a prayer. I said, God, if one of us has to stand back, if one of us has to be the only one, let it be me. Wow. Because I'm hard and I'm strong inside. Lord. God made me that way. But I didn't know it would ever happen. But I did say it, you know, You know, I used to have, I mean, this is like silly, but like, so when I was growing up, I didn't have any, like, whenever my dad died, I didn't have anything of his Right. I didn't have like a shirt or like a button or just anything to remember him by, you know. And so I used to write postcards to my kids.


Right. Whenever I was on the road, just traveling over the years doing comedy, I would write postcards to my kids. I don't have any kids yet, but I would send them postcards just so in the future they would be able to see that I was thinking of them. Right. Yeah. Like, I just wanted the, I wanted to prove I would like, that's so Smart, bro. Right at, but I just think it's the same type of thing. It's like you're just trying to like, I don't know. You're always thinking of like, how do I make sure that every, that somebody knew I cared or that somebody knew somebody else Cared it come to you. I'm gonna die someday. Yes. I'm gonna die someday. It just, stuff like that is interesting. I think a lot of people do little things like that. But that's interesting because you could have felt like you were deserted.


Yeah. But to end up feeling that you were chosen, that's pretty powerful. Well, I, I don't think I'd say that word chosen more. Like, I'd say that I, I, I would not want to put them through that, you know? Ah, yeah. Like, you were the one that could handle it than I think I, I would not want them to go through it. Yeah. I would rather me go with it than they did. And I think That's sweet of you. God might have gave me some credit for that, you know, because it's all about this. We're in a struggle, you know, it's like we're not on this earth to laugh it up and have fun. We have tests, real test. And life is hard. And that kind of stuff that kicks you in the nuts is what makes you stronger. Yeah. Makes you more strong.


And without that, you can't give advice to people about things you haven't been around, you know? But once you've had it and been and suffrage yourself, now you can say, listen up. Well, with that said, like, and I agree, you know, I was just thinking about that the other day. It's like, I've always had this outlook and they kind of don't teach you that when you're a kid as much that, and they really shouldn't when you're a young child. But I think they should teach you at some point that life is a test, that it is full of a lot of tests. And it's not all just gonna be like this perfect thing, or everything might not work out the way you think it, you know, you never really kind of get that education maybe, or maybe some parents do give it to their kids. But with what you said a second ago, if you had to share something with somebody who had lost a sibling or who had dealt with, you know, some grief from loss, something that you've learned, because I mean, you're like almost the, the Neil Armstrong of Loss.


I mean, you've, you've had, you've endured a lot in your life, you know, and watched and watched other loved ones endure a lot. You know what, what, what have you kinda learned that you feel like you could share, if anything? Well, thank you for giving that opportunity. 'cause that's what I want to do, is to try to make it positive for somebody, buddy. But, you know, it's tough. 'cause I wanted to tell people, like, when somebody dies, it's gonna get better, but it doesn't get better, man. You don't even get used to it. It just keep tolerating it and you just, somehow it gets a little better someday. But there's no good word to say to 'em. But when somebody's really busted up, you know, and it, it, it, when you overcome that and are able to maintain through that, well then it's, it, it's now you, now you've, you've achieved through a struggle, you've achieved over an, an ob obstruction, you've gone over a, a hurdle, you know?


And it's like, now you can say you won. Now you can say you won something. 'cause without a fight, there can't be a winner. There can't be a champion. There can't be a success unless there's that adversity, you know? And so God wouldn't put you through that unless you're gonna benefit and feel you got a great mind. You are an intelligent guy because Oh, Oh, thanks Man. Life is, he's knocking on your door too, my friend. You too. I feel like you and me are probably pretty similar in some ways. You feel that Sure Do. I do too. Do you was how, how, how therapeutic was having your own family for you?


Everything, man, that was what did it is what saved me. Because man, when you can have anything you want, you know, and your brother's gonna have anything they want and, and they come over and let's go do this, let's go do this. It's like, what a life. I mean, it's, it's a whole lot. But, well, I, I don't mean to bum me out now. I don't wanna start buing you out. I don't feel like you're bumming me out at all. Really. No, I was just thinking like, well, I was gonna ask you, what's something that you admire about each one of your children? And then I was gonna ask you, what's something that you maybe like something funny or something silly that you kind of admire or, or maybe miss something goofy or something about each one of your brothers.


Maybe just like a nice, like a, like a band they like to listen to. Just something like that. Oh Yeah. Well, we love good music. I can tell you, I've never told anybody this story, but we had our, we had a, like a tree house, but it was built on stilts, A little room on stilts, my dad by us. And so we had a cut. My mother was a third oldest, but there were, she had an older sister. And so her older sister came over and she had two sons and they were, they could pick on us, you know? And so we were hiding up there and they were trying to get it. We pull the rope up, wouldn't let 'em go. And we had rocks, we're throwing rocks at 'em. And, and so there, it got really bloody, you know, we're chunking rocks and hitting each other and, and, you know, and, and so I think I'll let one go and hit one of the guys right in the head, you know?


And, and my cousin, it would've kicked my ass if he could've caught me, you know? But, but, so he runs in the house to tell on me. So we'll get in trouble, you know? And so me, Dave, Kerry are calmed down from the tree house, you know, we're watching out. They're not gonna ambush us and beat us up over the house, you know, but they run to the house to tell on us, you know? So we, we run up there. And so the guy's bleeding, my cousin's bleeding, my cousin Steve, bleeding all over the place. And dad said, what the hell happened? And I was, and I was about to feel something. Dad. Kerry said, dad, he got a little whistle bleed, cut his head. And, and my dad started cracking up laughing, you know?


And, and, and so Dave and I kind of go with the story, you know, and I think he started laughing and he just let it go. But I think back on that, Kerry was such a cute little kid, you know? He was lying about it, huh? He Did. He was that way. He was quick, huh? Another time we were riding in the car and my friend had a BB gun, and so we were riding all the BB gun and shooting signs and warning lights and stuff, you know, so we drove by pickup and he shoots the windshield and Of your own vehicle? No, no. It was a friend of ours, a friend of ours, an old man that had a ranch just south of us.


And so shot up, He blew it out. Yeah. Shot the window out and the cops were gonna get us, you know, and we're running from 'em and all, and got in such trouble. And so we're answering for it all. We'd got away. And so they weren't sure that we were the ones, you know? And so the cops were all talking to us, and my dad was there, and I hear my dad say, my sons won't lie to me, so I'll, my, I'll ask him. My sons will not lie to me. And so he calls Kerry over there, or no, and Kerry already lied to him, you know? And, and so I heard dad say that. He said, come here, cuff. And I went, Kerry's over there. He we're going with the lie, you know? But I'm busted, and so I'm gonna sit.


I want to, I can't get the word to cur. I get it to tell you Dave can't get it cur. And I said, yes, sir. Dad, we did it. We all did it. And I said, Kerry, come here son. Kerry, look me in the eye. I want you to tell me the truth. Did you do it? He said, no, sir, dad. I swear, oh man. He never so could lie. Kerry could lie. That's all. Somebody's gotta lie, man. Man. Yeah. And what about Chris? What was something that was fun or just neat about him? What was something he liked to do? Well, oh, he loved Indian stuff, you know, and he had a, so he, he had, he stacked the rocks and all and Indian stuff.


He knew all about Chief Bowls and the Wonka talk. I don't know, I can't Remember Wampum, something like that Native. He, he knew a lot of Native American lore. Yeah. He loved all that stuff. And, and so where they lived, they had all arrowheads and spearheads. Yeah. He found that stuff all the time. So that's what he was really doing. But he was a great artist. He could draw anything, you know. And so I thought that, but he was, he had asthma. And so because he had to take medicine, it made his bone brittle. And he, he just wasn't gonna get big and strong, you know? It just didn't, when he worked out, it didn't really do anything, I guess. Well, y'all took all the bigness too, if he was the last one, y'all didn't leave any bigness for him.


That's what I thought. I thought maybe we took all the big, because Hell yeah. You took all of it, man. He wanted to be, no, I, I could've cared less, but he wanted to be big so bad. Bad. And what about Mike? What was something that Mike liked to do? Did, what kind of music did he listen to? Oh, He liked Metallica and, and a CTC. And Did y'all ever go to many concerts together? Oh, Always. A lot of concerts together. Yeah. What was one y'all went to? ZZ Top loved them and the those about, yeah. And Then isn't that ac DC? We had, I went to Fog Out concert and I think the band that warmed up for him was the, I Am Just a Cowboy or Owens Trail.


What's that story? Nights Campfire Lights. What was that song? The cowboy Song? Thin Lizzie Thin. Lizzie Thin. What is it? Thin Lizzie. Thin Lizzies, Yeah. That was a great concert. Cowboys song by Thin Lizzie. Yeah. I haven't heard that. I gotta listen to that one. Well, That was, oh, that's a great song. And that was gonna be Dave's song. See, I picked the music, but with Kerry picked his song. But I don don't The walkout music, I always did the music, but, and I picked that song for Dave, but he said, no, if I'm a cowboy and he picked When I die, I may not go to text. It is, it was nothing. We you want music? La Tonya Tucker. Yeah, But I mean, God. But it was terrible for Go to the Ring too. 'cause you want, I'm sure it was, dude, You wanna sound like a, a, an an interesting sound then a crescendo and you'll kick the door off and the lights and all.


Yeah. Yeah. So you don't want something like That. He's blasting some damn Shania Twain or whatever. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. That's different level, man. Okay. And so, and Jack had passed away before you. What about Kerry? What's something you remember about him that you like, you like, Shoot Kerry was just, Were you all the closest probably. Well, me, Dave and Kerry were real close. And then Mike was our baby, you know, so we were, we were really close. And then, but you know, Chris was a little bit, I told you about the divorce thing when I was a kid. One thing my mother insisted on my dad was that my dad, not discipline. Mike and Chris, like he did me, Dave and Kerry.


'cause he used a leather strap on us, you know? But I mean, we're boys, you know, and we got, It was kind of common back then. It was. Yeah. Yeah. And My principal beat me in office one time, a couple times. I think it's back when your principal could spank you. Yeah, I've been beaten there too. I mean, you know, we had it coming. That's, We had a comment, you know, Hey, Did we, I don't know. Well, you know, if we got away with it and we just done it again, you know, Look, he got me, I got away. I got over on him more times than he got over on me. I'll, I'll tell you that, Mr. Brady. Yeah, I think same with mine. I had a principal like that he'd come down from in the office and he'd, he'd open the, the, your classroom door and said, who parked on my grass?


You know, if the, if the, if any car was touching grass, it was his grass and you had to move it, you know, he was really obnoxious guy. Did you guys finish high school? You and your brothers? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah, we did. We, of course, I hated school and I hated it. I don know if you did or not, but Oh, If I could wrestle good, I wouldn't like damn spelling, Well, I wasn't wrestling then. You know, I was a little kid. I had to do my homework and all that stuff. But I had to listen to all that junk in class and about Susie Hess, two dresses and, you know, all that crap. I, I couldn't stand it. I was bored to death. And I, I just, and I, I and I, I'm not a very good parent. I told you, I, I just, when I see little boys, I say I hated school.


I wouldn't, I don't blame it for not wanting to go, you know, there's a lot better stuff to do. You got a dog, you got a BB gun, and that's all you need, you know, When you think back. What about your own parenting? So you have four children? Yeah. Okay. And what are they like? You have two boys and two girls. Yeah, two boys and two girls. But my oldest two are daughters, Kristen and Jill. And Kristen is, has always been my soft spot. I love her so much. And she's brilliant. She does everything for us. You know, she's so, she's so incr and she's such a good foster mom.


Or I know she, she and Hawaii, she take the kids for the, the police would, what do you call the idea? The, when the parent, when, Oh C-P-S-C-P-S, she would get those kids. And then for foster parents, she, they loved her there and said so many people that loved her in Hawaii. So many kids. And then there's my daughter Jill. Well, she was way more like me. She's like, she can swim endlessly. I, I've swam out to reefs before that were way too far for anybody without a boat. She'll swim out there without flippers and go down and dive with lobsters with me and, and grab 'em with their hands too.


I mean, I'm using gloves, but she's, and perverts, she's something else. She could, she can run like a deer. She, and she's, she loves her. And her, her sons are all athletic. I, I could go overboard talking about it. She's such an athlete. And, and then there's Ross and Marsh, And Marc and Marshall got into wrestling. Yeah. Did, were you scared when they got into wrestling or did you have any thoughts about it or that's just what they wanted to do? Well, not with Ross. I knew Ross is, he's been a ass kicker his whole life. And he's fights easily, you know, and that's not usually, there's not much for a man like that to do in today's world except for wrestling. And so where else is gonna be good there?


But Marshall, I did worry about him because Marshall is a super athlete. He went out to Hawaii and he was the quarterback and he was throwing the bombs. The newspapers were just, people would just want a picture of how far he could throw the football. He was, he was just a, a great athlete. But I worried about him getting that sun, that heat stroke out there, you know? 'cause he had a heat issue one time. So that's the only time I've ever been worried of 'em. Worried of 'em. 'cause they're both like bulls, you know? They're strong and healthy and I wouldn't worry about it either way. They, with their wrestling now too. They, they know what they need to know. They're, it's, I believe that the wrestling business about to really explode because it was just like this when my brothers and I got started, and when this covid got in, they had to wrestle in empty buildings.


I don't think I could have ever done that. Yeah. But it made it where the fa the people really have not seen them explode yet. They've, they've worked for a little, they went to Japan and wrestled and they worked for a little operation at MLW and now they're with a EW Oh really? A e W's been popping off, dude. Oh yeah. I keep hearing about it all the time now. Yeah, they're, they're gonna be, they're really gonna be special, I believe. And are Will they tag team? They've done both. They, they work tag teams Right now though. I mean, it's a lot of, you know, there's a tag. Teams are such an interesting, exciting match, you know, 'cause the guys don't have time to get a hold.


But they, they can do either one. They can wrestle single, they can work a tag, but probably they'll work a tag team. As a matter of fact, I don't wanna talk outta school, but we have a neighbor in Bernie and it's Bill Goldberg, the guy that wrestled at ww. Oh yeah, yeah. He, he, he's a Texas boy I think, isn't he? Or Oklahoma? Bill Goldberg. Yeah, I think Shem. Where's he from? Norman? No, Tulsa, Oklahoma. Did you ever fight Rocky Johnson? He, I was too young, but the, my first black and white pictures that I was trying to flex, you know, and I've never, I didn't know, you know, I didn't expect to have muscles, but that's rocky.


And so Rocky's was really good at flexing. And so Rocky taught me everything about flexing. You know, he was standing right behind the caman doing this and doing all these things and I, whatever Rocky did, I did for the picture, You know? So you learned a little from him then, huh? And Rocky's son is the Rock, you know? Oh yeah. Dwayne Johnson. And So we was like, that's, that's actually the picture. I Was like, that's hilarious, dude. But Little Rock was there. Oh, was he? Yeah. Yeah. He's a, he's a little boy. I mean, he was the cutest little kid. People say that Rocky was the nice, is a, is a very nice guy. He's still alive. He Is. I, I don't know. I don dunno about that, but, but Rock was a great guy too.


I mean, he, he was a, we, he was a little younger than us, you know, so we'd wrestle him and like, like his, we frustrate him and boy he, to see if he'd have the courage to be, to pep up with us. And he would too. Who? Dwayne jaunt the rock. He would fi he would wanna fight. He is, that pup was sniff will bite you. He was a beautiful little kid. Yeah. Y'all might have put the, y'all might have excite y'all might have put that fire in him, man. What about Bruiser Brody remember him? Yeah. He was something else. Smart guy on his wake up workout routine, he would just put on leather gloves and lay into that heavy bag and it thickened his chest.


And I mean, he did bench presses too, but he had a, an awesome bench press, but also his body was built so powerfully because he had a, I think he worked out different. He did a lot of strikes, you know, and that thickens joints and all it made him, makes you have kind of that raw strength, you know? And he'd have that. But if you wanted to talk about Puerto Rico, well, I could tell you too that What happened, Well, he was killed in Puerto Rico, you Know. Oh, he was killed in Puerto Rico? Yeah. I didn't know that. Well, Gosh, I never told this story, but I, I could tell you this one too. The he was Brody got, was real temperamental, and he would get pissed off real easy.


Well, the Puerto Rico wrestling office owed him about 80 grand. And so my, my dad was president of the Alliance back then, and so we worked out a payout schedule where they'd pay him a little each show. But Brody got that show and he wouldn't work for him because they owed him that money. And so dad worked it out where he would come back and boy, when they came back, they sold out San Juan and it was a great crowd. Well, Brody wanted his money that night because he saw that they had it. But, you know, there are other things that, that they've, you know, and that's all that started, that's all that started. So he winded his money and one to be, and so he kicked the guy's ass, you know, and the guy's a little, that invader, you know, forgot his name.


But man, this is an ugly story too, but the guy who, and so they got in a fight and the guy, Brody beat him up and he knifed rode him in the shower, but Damn In the shower. This is the kind of guy though. I mean, the guy that did it just about a week before that, his little daughter drowned in his swimming pool. Oh. So he's on edge, you know, and so I can't really, I know 'em both, you know, and they're both men that wanna earn their a living, you know, and it's sad. Oh, that's him. Jose Gonzalez. Yeah. Hmm.


Yeah. Life is, you know, like I said, we suffer. We, we find the beautiful moments in between those ugly ones, you know, and it's, yeah, it's good. It's got good and bad. Yeah. I, I'm trying to think if there was something else that you, you talked about using medicinal marijuana. How did you get into that? And then how did it help you? Do you feel like, Well, If you wanna talk about it, if you don't want to, that's fine. Yeah, yeah. I did. Well, well, I had the, a lot of ear knee surgeries too. And, and you can take a pain pill, but if you do, then it's gonna take a, an edge off of it. And so you'll want to take more.


And if you do, you're gonna get a problem. And so I didn't want pain pills, so I wanted a natural pain relief. And so I tried cannabis and I liked it. And it was, it's, it was just good all around for me. It was good. And so I, I actually grow it out in Kauai and, and so that's how I, you know, I have, have, have it, you know, I, I'm so grateful for it too. I mean, I hope they don't make it illegal again, because it was, it's like a wonder drug to me. It really was. Did you ever get involved in any other type of plant medicine or anything like that out there? I know there's like ayahuasca ceremonies and stuff like that.


We've done, I've done that before. And a lot of our listeners have, I think have considered it or tried it. Yeah. There's stuff called, oh, it's a, what's the name of that? Ca? K No, kava What? Ca Kava. Kava. Yeah. Kava Routes. Good for you. I say Good for you. It's, I read about the contraindications on that, and it's kind of, it can make your skin like sh have, what do you call those things? Shingles, Scales or Whatever scales like, yeah. So, damn, Make a damn dragon out of you. And I Guess that's, if you do too much of it or something. I, I tried it. It's not bad for you, But have you ever done like ayahuasca or like a plant medicine ceremony where I've heard of that.


Where they put you under Yeah, I aya Ayahuasca. Oh, it's like a medicine that you take and you kind of sit in a group of the shaman and it's usually, it's like a two day ceremony and you kind of go through these bouts of like, it's kind of like an emotional journey that you go on. It's really fascinating. Like A sweat lodge kind of thing, maybe. Wow. Really, really fascinating. If you ever get curious about it. I Got a friend in Israel that writes comedy shows, that writes soap operas and he does that. He goes to Africa and South America and finds indigenous people and does stuff like that with him. And he does, I mean, he's a wealthy guy, so he does, Yeah. Aaron Rogers.


We know who it is. What's your physical routine like today for yourself, Kevin? Physical routine Today? Yeah. Do you have like a daily routine or? Yeah. Well, Solomon comes in my bedroom about 8 45 or nine o'clock. And That's your grandson. And, and we go either catch lizards or snakes or frogs. We've caught, we've caught four rattlesnakes on our ranch, hell last year. And we caught king snakes and turtles, sea turtle, softshell, turtles, you name it as that little boy. And I have so much fun together. And, and he is the, I love him to death.


And Does he remind you any one of your brothers in particular at all? Or no? Or is that a weird Question? Yeah, he reminds me of Marshall and Ross. It's like I'm able to be dad again. You know? It's like, well, I I, I enjoyed being their father so much. I really love my sons and my daughters. But having Solomon again is just like having Marshall again, you know? And he's got Ross in him too though, you know, it's beautiful. For anybody that's wondering. I, Kevin von Eric, I consider myself the luckiest guy in the world. I mean, I know for that movie coming out, you may not believe it, but I am happy all day every day. And I mean, I look forward to tomorrow and I couldn't ask for a better way things turned out and to, to bitch about my brothers dying too young.


The truth is, we had a great time. We had a great time. A long time. Hell yeah. We're still talking about how good the town was. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying, Dick? So I'm not, I can't call it a bad day. Is there any message you think that your father, brothers like, felt like that you think that they would want to have given but they didn't get a chance to? Is there ever anything like that? That, Yeah, I gonna tell you something now. We watched my dad wrestle when we were little boys and we had an idea to make a wrestling show that would be different. It would be two different ca two hot cameras the whole time. So nothing's gonna look bad on television or use just the best camera shot. It would've done some, some extra time editing.


But, you know, we wanted wrestling to be, instead of the 20 and 30 minute matches, one hour time limits, we thought 20 minutes was plenty of time for a match to just, and pick up the pace, you know, and, and just make it more intense. And I think our shows were like that. I'm proud of 'em. I'm proud of all of our shows and my brothers and I, especially Dave and I, and had a great idea one time and it was gonna be to put our new style of wrestling on the show, on the, and it was great. We had a great TV rating and Vince offered us big part of his, half of his company up there to, to come in with him.


And I sat there with my dad and Bud said, Nope, what's in it for us? And you never disagree with a family in a business meeting. But I was thinking he's got everything we need, everything we need. But dad wouldn't go, wouldn't go with him To partner with wwe, you mean? Yeah. Wow. And the let dad keep San Antonio and Dallas too, But who knows, huh? Yeah. Who knows what would've happened. Yeah. 'cause there's many of Slip, Twix, the cup and the lip, you know, but I mean, we would've been ready, we've jumped all over that because we're little boys that had seen it for a whole life and we just knew how to make it better.


We'd watched the NFL, you know, and the slow motion, the collisions and all, and, and consorts with the lasers and all of the music, the way it fills you outta your chair, you know, we had it, we had how we wanted to do it. So, you know, that didn't come about, but we had a great time aiming at it. Yeah. And who knows, maybe things would've been different, you know? Yeah. I mean, you guys, yeah, I mean, I just, yeah, I mean on behalf of like, yeah, any kid that was like me. I mean, the second you guys, they put the name on the screen or it's just, man, it was awesome, dude. You felt like everything was possible.


You could fucking rip the drywall of the living room. You could fucking do whatever you want to do. You knew mom was coming home in an hour and a half, but you had a 90 minutes till she got there where you were free as a bird boy. Yeah, I'd break every damn chair we had and then spend the next two hours gluing them bitches back together for dinner. Dude, you Would've loved to stiffen the business. I know you liked it. You would've loved it. Well, Kevin, man, thanks so much. Dude. Got a show tonight? Yeah, we got a show tonight. I'd Love to take you to dinner, but Sure. Busy. Yeah, tonight I'll be busy, but you know what? I think I'm gonna be down to Austin in, in September. Oh, you are? Shoot. Call me up, man.


That's what I'm saying. I'll show you Texas when I am. I'll come out and see the ranch, man, throw it. That would be cool. That would be, man. What plants do you guys have out there? What plants? Yeah, do you plant any avocados or anything like that here in Texas or no? Oh, No, no. That's it. It won't, it won't grow in the, in the subtropics. But I say that I went to Israel, you know, it's on the 33rd degree ladder from the equator. I mean, that's way far north. They have Mancos there, papayas. I couldn't believe it. Yeah, they gotta Can't grow that in Texas. Yeah, you can't grow that in Texas, huh? But you can grow, you can grow a batch of Von Ericks, dude that are pretty damn impressive. I'll, I'll say that. They Sure can.


Kevin, thanks so much for your time, man. Just thanks for you and your family. Just, just all the enjoyment and excitement and invigoration and possibility over the years is, I think it's inspired a lot of people and it was so much fun as a kid, just fucking when that, when you guys came on the screen, just getting to be yvan Eric for a few minutes, man. It Was fun, man. It was a lot of fun, I think about it. And you know, when we get some stress built up, you know, you can just get in the ring and kick ass, you know, It was, well that's a motto for life guys. Those days are gone, But they're pretty close in our minds, you know? Yep. Right there. You can still feel 'em right on the edge of your skin sometimes. Dang right, dude. I'll fuck, I'll beat the shit outta somebody in the lobby here if we need to.


Well, let's find a quiet spot and I'll take you down somewhere and we can make a little news. Kevin Mud. Eric, thanks so much, man. My Pleasure, buddy. Now I'm full on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be cornerstone. But when I, I share this piece of I it


Podcasting was a revolution until big tech and big Money started rewriting the rules. What's a podcast? The Revolution Redefined is an urgent new docuseries featuring exclusive insights from industry experts like AJ Feliciano, general Manager of the Roost. I still want to kill the word podcast, plus pioneers like Ira Glass, Adam Corolla, Leo LaPorte, guy Raz, and more. If you care about the future of podcasting, listen now to What's a podcast, wherever you get your podcasts.