
Today's guest is an actor, a writer, a director. He's won an Oscar award. You know, his movies like Goodwill Hunting, gone Girl, Batman, the List goes on. He has a new film, The Accountant Two. It's in theaters this Friday with John Bernthal. You may have seen the first one. I had a great time getting to know him. Today's guest is Mr. Ben Ale.


Yeah, I lost my, I wonder if you lose vanity as you get a little bit older, like, not you, but like, do pe do, what does that Have? I don't know. I see some people like, mm, I don't know. It's hard to tell. 'cause you know, you see some people like doing crazy looking things and you think like, that looks crazy. Why are you trying to look 18 years old? You know what I mean? Yeah. Lose The guy who's on celebrity Big brother Right now. Who's that guy? He kind looks like Jack Sparrow. I don know. I don't know what you're talking about, but I can imagine, you know what I mean? You kind of can like a lose. I think you can go one of two ways. Like if you see yourself all the time, and especially if like the way you make a living is by kind of in part the way you look or whatever it feels like, you know, people can get like obsessed with it, you know what I mean?


Yeah. That's kind of who I was thinking about. Mickey Rourke, I think. Yeah. No, No judgment against him, but he tries, you know, it's like you can, it's definitely an active, yeah. Some people, it's like an active thing and then you're in a real kind of like conundrum with yourself because you have to get old. So then you, you would constantly be feeling like afraid to get older, I guess. Or you'd be in like in a Yeah, I think it's a tricky thing, right? Like you, you know, nobody wants to get older, right? Because what it means is like you're gonna die. Yeah. And nobody wants to really face that. And also you just find out like, you know, I, I, you know, you're 50 man, you'll, when you get there, you'll see like, just regular shit that used to be normal hurts, like moving around. You're like, damn, what, what happened to me today? You're like, oh, I why's my back hurt?


Because I got up and then I sat back down. You know what I mean? Yeah. I petted a small dog Movement creates like small injuries all the time, you know? Oh, yeah. And so you start to get a little bit that, that can kind of affect you. And I think if you, I think part of it's, you gotta just get comfortable with the fact that, you know, and I, I guess I'm lucky 'cause I'm, I don't feel like, oh shit, I better look young and I, you know, kind of am who I am. And, and I'm all right with that. And also kind of what I, what I like, what I'm interested in more and more is stuff that doesn't necessarily involve like, how I look like that pressure. I think like for women, I, for, for anybody who's sees himself all the time, it, it's like, I think that can turn into like a, a, a vicious cycle of trying to look at shit and fix it or look younger or something.


Whereas like, you don't have to look any kind of way to direct movies, you know what I mean? Or, or have a business, you know. So I'm, I'm, I guess I'm lucky with Do You, it's hard to know if you, it would seem like you seem like a guy who likes being in Hollywood or doesn't like being in Hollywood. I guess There's thing I really like about it and things I really don't like. Yeah. Right. And I wish they didn't have to be together, but they are. Right. Like, it's kind of life. It's, there's, you gotta take the good with the bad. I don't really like to like, do big social events or go out much. I'm kind of shy. I don't really want to be on camera. Certainly when I'm like in my regular life and I'm walking around in my, you know, whatever, underwear and t-shirt and sweat, I, I don't want people looking at me. I like, I'm my family in my kids and my life.


I, I wish that were more private. I don't, I don't know how many people really want to be sort of scrutinized in that way, but I, I really like making movies and I like telling those stories. And so, look, the truth is, I always knew that was kind of a part of it. And so, you know, I deal with it. I don't, there's things I, I don't love about this business. A lot of 'em, you know, it can make you kind of crazy. You know, it can record and, and there's stuff that's just no fun for me. Like, you know, events and shows and stuff like that. I don't, some people really know how to have a good time. I wish I, I did. I wish I was out there like, great, we're gonna hit it and I'm gonna, you know what I mean? Like, as if I had that attitude, I'd probably be happier about it. Yeah. You know What I mean? Oh yeah, dude, I'm always trapped inside of myself.


There's always like a lot of dis like, some people were like, you don't like being in a crowd? I'm like, I have a crowd inside of me Right now. There's a crowd in my head is busy enough. Right? I Got 30 people in here and we're out of hor d'oeuvres. So I, I got enough fucking problems on the interior Right now, so I can to dude, I can totally, I can totally relate to that. And every time there is a an and then we'll get off this. I want to talk, I know you, I I wanna talk to you about directing and acting, but 'cause Yeah, I was just, I was like, this bit, he's so, 'cause they always get pictures of you where you seem like you're like the, the, the dwarf that like, is kind of like the backup dwarf, you know, like you're on the side, you're smokey, you're like, what, what Is that guy? I didn't, I don't know that character, but It's like, like Is he pissed because He's, I think he's a little pissed.


Yeah, he's an understudy. He's the understudy dwarf. Okay. But, And not dwarf, like you're a regular heed guy, but it's like, but I, and I shouldn't have said dwarf, I shouldn't say anything, but it was like, I don't know, they all, and it's like they only put this chronology outta you. It's true. That makes you seem like you're kind of Bummed. It's, well, here's the thing. If the only time, like when somebody's taking a picture of me, yeah. I'm bummed because usually I'm with my kids, I'm trying to go somewhere and then there's four guys we're like, oh. And I'm like, Hey man, every time can you gimme some time? I'm trying to be with my kids. I'm, do you mind? Can you, you know what I mean? So the look on your face is kinda like, and then they go away not taking the picture. You go inside and you're having a good time. But it's this selective experience of like, take a picture of somebody every time they're feeling irritated, they're gonna look irritated.


Especially if you're the one I irritating 'em. Yeah. It's like, I'll come piss you off and then take your picture and then put, and then be like, look how pissed off. Yes. Exactly. Right. That's exactly what, that's exactly what that whole system is really. Right. But it, and it's like useful. 'cause that's why like, you know, I'm sure you've seen on all this stuff, like the, you know, it's kind of the idea is like follow somebody around, antagonize them. Right. And then hopefully they'll have like a nervous breakdown and go crazy on you and then your video will be worth more money. You know? Yeah. It's, It's such a, it's that whole thing gets really black mirrored man. You know, it really gets kind of like, Like I can remember a, I a long time ago, you know, years and years ago, like I really had a lot of empathy for Britney Spears because I remember that it seemed like it's not somebody that I, I knew or hung out with, but I just, like everybody else, you see All this shit that comes through.


And I, but having had my own experiences with myself, I knew like, th these are, people are following her around in a time where she may or may not have been having difficulty. I don't know. 'cause I don't know her, but I do know that the, the cycle of having people harangue you and yell at you and hassle you and follow you, it kind of seemed like that itself was kind of whipping up the whole thing into its tizzy. So it's it, and I like They're not helping Well yeah. For, and or they're kind of poking a stick at it that's sick and going, look, look, look at it. Look. And it's, it, it, that's where it felt kind of like, that's the first time I thought this is kind of a, a weird kind of unintentional, I think culturally, but kind of collective cruelty where what's taken out of the image that you see are the people around, right.


You know, waving the stick at the tiger or poking on it or whatever. And all you see is the, the growling animal, whatever it is. But like that, a part of that is because somebody's coming around and, you know, hitting on it or whatever to make it get active. And that's where you think, okay, well this isn't really news. It's not even real, it's not what would be happening if this effect wasn't taking place. Yeah. And, and that's where I thought, okay, you know, the, the sort of wise thing to do is to just sort of like maintain one's perspective and try to remove yourself a little bit. It doesn't, which is what I would like to do. I think there's this sense that like, that like if you see someone's picture all the time, they must want you to be seeing it. Right.


Right. Which is not the case at all for me. I'm self-conscious. I don't really want you to be seeing that. I don't see any reason for it. It's horrible as an actor, it's no good for you because I don't really want people, if they watch a movie to be like, that's not him. 'cause I saw him yesterday eating lunch and I know he's who he really is. It, it gets in the way of you being able to create like the illusion. It's really hard work to create the illusion that this person, like the character in The Accountant too, for example, is a real person in a real circumstance. And in order to get the audience to care about it, to laugh, to find it exciting and empathize with the character, they have to suspend disbelief. That's harder. Wow. If you're constantly being shown something else.


So I think it, it gets in the way, it makes it harder to, to be an actor. And it's also just, it's also not good for you. People start to resent you if they see you too much, no matter whether or not you're trying to be, well, no, no, I, I, I don't wanna do this. And nonetheless, like I remember 20 years ago going through an experience where I was like, it feels to the world, like I'm trying to shove myself in their face. Ah. And nobody likes that. Right. Nobody wants to be the, like you, the, the camera hog, the guy who's trying to Yeah. Get A bunch new Ben Affleck shoes or whatever. And I'm like, Man, you just leave me alone. And I, I'd be, I would be much happier. So in a way it also can damage your career. Although I think it's, I don't pretend to understand the nuances and the, of social media and how to manage that as celebrities who I don't do it.


Some people do it really well. But a a and I think there is a difference now because like, it's like if you have a hundred million followers that's actually valuable and meaningful in a different way. I still, I'm kind of old school I guess in a way of seeing I medium school. I think I'm middle school. Yeah. Yes, exactly. I'm a seventh grader Too. Oh dude. Yeah. I don't even think, I don't know if I graduated that when some of 'em, they let you skip, I guess if you're, you know, depending on what county you're in. But sometimes They hold you back, Sometimes they hold you back. Dude, bro, the scariest thing was when like the dumb bully kid got held back and you're like, and You had to stick around in your grade and you're like, oh man, dude. They'd Be like, bro, I remember we got word The kid's six 10 and in in like sixth grade, dude, We got word that Damien had gotten held back.


And people were like, oh hell No dude, we cannot do Damien again. Hold me Back too. We cannot do Damien again. Like Damien has to go out to pasture wherever they put these kids that leave sixth grade and they're like, Damien's coming back that's Finish their education sixth, sixth grade, Shut him down, dude. Tase him or something, you know, put a tire spike when he's leaving out of his driveway in the morning. But Damien cannot come back. But yeah, it is interesting and it is kind of a sickness. I think a lot of people see that stuff as a sickness these days. But I do think it's fascinating about the suspension of disbelief and that that was something that used to be amazing about celebrities is like you never got to see them.


Right. And so you only got to see them and actors and you only got to see them on screen and in this way. And so you really envision them that way. I mean, you would almost be shocked if you saw a celebrity in person or an, or an actor in person who didn't like, like Indiana Jones if he didn't have his head wet. But I was just gonna say that is that when I was a kid, I kind of thought Harrison Ford was that guy. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, and it, that's Harrison Ford. I think he's probably the biggest, you know, movie star Oh yeah. Of my childhood and whether it was like, you know, Indiana Jones or, or Star Wars, like he was the guy and I kind of thought he was that guy. And so it's a little weird to see that guy just like, you know, in his sneakers and his kind of raincoat Yeah. Walking around Brentwood. It's sort of like, of course it's disappointing or, or it's disillusioning or something.


'cause you, you have this, this thing in your mind that's, people went to a, you know, Steven Spielberg and George Lucas went to a whole, you know, use all their talent, went to a bunch of work to make this dude look like Indiana Jones and Han Solo. And I, I think what I've seen now is like, I actually don't even want to see like the actors that I really like. I don't want to go on your social because I don't wanna know what you had for lunch. 'cause it just makes it harder for me to get into like what, you know, what you're doing. I Love that. And that's, I think that is a real directorial way to think. I think, I mean, I can see that in your brain. I mean, I'm just a judge. I'm just a guy judging you. They just met in a room somewhere. But, but I never thought about that. That that's how it is.


That yeah, you don't want, you want them kind of, you want to, Hollywood has almost bitten its own tail in that way because there's this underlying like valueless current really that's kind of like a very cheap currency. It's Hollywood, it's, it's, it's Hollywood sort of adjacent. Adjacent, which is this side of media. That's what it's culture that, that profits from and circles. And there's a symbiotic relationship between Hollywood and obviously like here I am promoting my movie and running around and now I don't want to go on like a tabloid and do that or whatever it is. But that, that becomes part of that culture too. And, and then you have like any interview show or all these, and you're right, in a sense it is Hollywood because if you do a movie at Universal, you know, you'll see that person's doing all NNBC Comcast owned, you know, talk shows and appearances, right?


Like, it's not a, a coincidence. 'cause when they do their presentation in the boardroom for Comcast to their shareholders, they go, look, we make these movies, we spend a lot of money, and then we get the stars and we plug them into all of our other shows that we also own. And there's a lot of synergy, so on and so forth. The the idea though is like, okay, there's, that's a, a kind of a tax that you end up sort of paying on your sort of life and on the one hand and on this thing that you're trying to build, which is something that connects with people and moves them and that they want to go out to a fucking movie theater Yes. And pay good money to see. And it, it makes it a little bit harder than to have to kind of go around and do all that other stuff and be like, okay, well that's not who I really am.


And that's, and and, and to try to sort of be interesting and, and relevant in some other way that isn't really what you kind of even wanted to do. And so, so you're right, it's sort of part Hollywood and also kind of Hollywood adjacent it is eating. Its, it does eat its tail In a way because it's, because the acting and the creation, it's like a watch looking at the beauty of a lake, right? It's like, this is picturesque and this is like how they meant the waves to look. And there's a current here and there's an inflow and outflow and something landed in the water over here and left a ripple. And something else is, this is the B story and there's a ripple. But then it's this under, it's this, all this stuff under it. And it's almost starting to like kind of drain its own lake in a way. It's A good metaphor. Yeah. Like the Jesus, the movie as the kinda lake and the underneath of what's both what goes into it and what happens behind the scenes and also what's, and it's all the Same Thing.


And it does kind of like, it's interesting, like, yeah. Is it, I I I I if you overtax it, it lowers the lake and all of a sudden it doesn't look like a beautiful lake. It starts to look like, like the, the low country marsh and it pulls down, you start to see all the little black mud around the edges and the muck. And, and that's, yeah. I don't know how to kind of balance that, but as a, as a, a director, you know, you're right. Like I would say that's the way, the principle way I've always kind of looked at this stuff. So it used to be that you, you had an actor and you had people knew less about them. And now a part of even casting for me is what do people think or of, and expect this person to do and or be?


And how can I both, I have to rely on that and use that, but I also have the opportunity to kind of subvert that in a way. And, and so you have to be mindful not just of the story you're telling, but what does the audience bring into the theater with them or, or when they turn on television, you know? Wow. And expect That's, dude, that's, yeah. I think that's advanced thinking, to be honest with you. Thanks. I really do. But It's just a learned by lived experience. Yeah. Mostly, you know, find out, like, I even often make mistakes, you know, like if I sometimes have found, if I sort of, I did a movie where I had like a very blonde wig that was like a medieval You rick flair or something.


I, I wish I was Rick Flair. That would be spectacular. I'd love to play with, it was actually a good movie. I really liked it. It was called The Last U The Point. And it was great director Ridley Scott. And he had this, this idea for It. Oh yeah. Ridley Scott. And, and Yeah, there's the thing there, you see. And, and I liked the, if that, if no one had I think had ever seen me or whatever, that I thought that was really, yeah. Interesting. My, the problem is people, I think what it did, I thought that it was Aaron Carter created noise around, you know, look at this hair is this different and we know it's a wig, right? And so you now you look at it and you go, but I know he doesn't look like that. And so it causes you to kind of think it's false as an example of kind of probably not being able to go that far away from myself and still have people go, okay, I can sit aside what I know and just watch this story and, and like it and believe in it.


Dude, That's fast. That's insider baseball, man. Now I could, it it makes total sense. It makes total sense that I, that, that, that would start to affect how we see things. You know, there's something that's happening where it's hard to get people to believe in some of these movies, you know? And people's attention spans have changed. It's, it's gotten interesting. Yeah. There's A bunch of things. The the fact that like, even even the online world, for example, you see now that like shorter and shorter and shorter like clips or even my son who's constantly showing me clips of you, by the way. And he is always like, you know what I mean? So it's Is he a nice kid? He's a great kid. Yeah. He's a fabulous kid. And he's, and he's, he's, now, when I watch him like scroll, it's like he doesn't even get through the six seconds.


Right. You know what I mean? He's like that, that, that, that, you know, and he'll like a long period of time for was four or five seconds. And it's, and then I'm like, Hey man, you know, let's watch this show or watch this movie. And it's like, he gets bored fast. He gotta really love something to sit through it. And then he go, you know, binges like all the episodes, like, we just sat through like, and watched, you know, in invincible, this animated show, you know, and then it's like, let's keep going. So it's this weird dichotomy of, on the one hand it's like, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Okay, then plug in and like mainline this one thing and eat it all up till it's gone. And yeah. So it's all, it has really changed. You didn't used to be able to, to like pause and select or even have that much to choose from. Yeah.


Like those, that many choices is overwhelming to the, to the mind. Like, we weren't made, I don't believe evolutionarily and, and, and as human beings to like, you know, we're supposed to be living in like a village and see about a hundred people in our lifetimes. Yes. Yeah. Right. That's the, the vast majority of human history. That's how we did it. And I still feel like in a way that's how we're socialized. It's why, for example, if you're feel left out of a group, it's very painful because like in, you know, thousands of years ago, if you got left out of the, the, the village, the group, whatever, and they didn't take you to hunt, you died. Oh my God. Really? You need those people to live. And so, So it hits something really li inside of it feeling Now.


Like, and even social media for example, you're looking at stuff and you go, damn, why is everybody else's life so good? And I'm the seeing the life you're advertising looks so fucking cool. Yeah. And my inside life feels like shit. That also is like a, like a basic primal thing. And I think that's what, and you know, this stuff kind of touches, but, but the amount of information now that comes in, because really now everybody's a celebrity, right? Everybody is a celebrity. Everybody is followed. Everybody. Oh, everybody life is out there and There's newborns, there's four months old and 1100 followers. And it's really a f like 1100 followers is kind of, it's, it's just a, it's not any different from celebrities, it's just a matter of degree. But this is A four month, he can't even open his both of his eyes at the same time.


And It's like, yeah, exactly. And, and, and that's kind of become the, that as the currency of man that looks great. You know, that like the currency of like fame in and of itself as a desirable thing. Like, people go, man, I wanna be rich and famous. Like take rich. Yeah. You know what I mean? You know, famous is not not gonna make you happy. Yeah. It seems like it will. 'cause it's like, oh, people will like me and know my name and kind of know who I am and I'll feel like I've done something. I think a lot of times what happens is if it doesn't come with a real sense of like achievement or accomplishment Yeah. It actually feels hollow and empty and like bullshit and like, and undeserved. Do you think you wanted to start directing because it gave you even more of a sense of accomplishment?


Yeah, I wanted to, Is that a weird question? But does that make any sense? Like No, it does make sense. I wanted to, I really, I didn't, I wanted to fail on my own terms. Yes. Because I had gone through some movies that where I was like, I don't like this. I don't agree with this. But you mo you know, you gotta do how it's like being a, playing a football team, whatever, you gotta run the plays that the coach sets up, you know what I mean? They're gonna, you know, run a draw, play, you know, get the ball and, you know, turn around and run a sweep. Right. Because they're not blocking that way. You know what I mean? It's just, that's, that's not gonna work. Right. So you, that's how the, that whole art form is sort of structured by and large. And what I found was, you know, I had a real strong sense of the way I wanted to do it. Yeah. And I, when it, when it didn't work, when it worked, I, I didn't feel great because it wasn't me that had that feel, you know, I didn't feel like, I didn't feel proud of it.


And when it didn't work, I just felt pissed off. Like, fuck I, I didn't done done that. I don wanna fucking do it. God damn, I, I didn't wanna, you know, I, I said it or I knew it. And that's a terrible feeling. So I'd rather fail on my own terms or succeed on my own terms. And I, and that's where I, I kind of got into to directing and I, I always, I wanted to do, even when I was younger and I liked, I just didn't have the confidence and at a certain point I had kind of had nothing to lose. And that was really what kind of gave me the courage to take that leap In. In the directing you mean? Yeah. Okay. 'cause my, like, as an actor, I sort of, I got real cold and like had a couple of movies that didn't work and then, you know, all of a sudden it can be kind of over for you. That's why it's a tough, Really Business. Fuck. Yeah, man.


Like, there's no like seniority, there's no tenure, there's no, it's a good point. Retirement, there's no gold watch. If, if your show doesn't work or movie doesn't work and nobody wants to hire you, like they're just gonna hire someone else. Yeah. You know, it's, there's 130,000 people in SAG and there's only 30,000 people that work every year. Wow. Right. And then there's a even smaller amount of those roles where, you know, you have more than two lines. So it's a very, it's very tough. Right. And so if you're not, people aren't watching, they're not coming or it's not interesting. See you later. And now it's different because I think the movie theater, you know, it's like, it's a new attack. I think it takes novel thinking these days. I think it takes, I think that movies themselves long form, I think it's, they're gonna have to find some new, unless it is like great or new or so novel, they're gonna have to find some new ways to either present it or edit it.


I'm not sure what it is, but to me, just as a viewer, it feels like we're in this shift because so quickly have people gotten into these quick moments and it's not even that their attention span is short, their commitment. It's like they don't want, it's like, I'm not committing to that. We're Thinking about all the other options that you have. Oh, totally. Shit. Do. You're sitting, you have a computer, you have fucking, I was a kid and we went out. There weren't shit else. There was three channels of nothing on tv and it wasn't, and if you didn't go see the movie in the theater, you had to wait, you know, a year for it to come out on like VHS or DVD or whatever it was, or cable. And so you, you were kind of, or Rumor you just had to wait for it to come out in a diorama. Like it was bad. Exactly. The cave painting and shit. How long is it gonna take you to paint this on my cave? Or A tattoo? Tattoo? A guy came through with a tattoo and it told a story The whole thing.


Yeah. I, and so you had to like, It looked like a domestic dispute a lot. But, but you're like, hey, you know, there's every, there's a story for everything. But dude, even like this light, Danny McBride gave me this like two, like a month ago or something. This light, it's like a flashlight or something. Well this side is just like a flashlight, right? But the other side is like a wiener light. Like you can put like a wiener on something. It has like a, but I'm just saying like everything has like two, like seven things now. Right.


Ready to win some real cash during the basketball playoffs. Check out, pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts. DraftKings pick six poster rises the competition, hit all your picks and score higher. Minimum payouts on pick six plus even more cash if you outscore the competition. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. I've had a good experience with pick six from DraftKings. I like to get my picks in there. I like to get Yoic and more than 13 rebounds. And I like to get Anthony Edwards out there and more than 21 points. That's how it is. You pick players and you pick their stats. New players get 50 and pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. Download the DraftKings pick six app now and use code Theo. That's code THEO for new customers to play $5, get $50 in, Pick Six credits. Better payouts, Bigger wins Only with Pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem Call one eight hundred Gambler Help is available for problem gambling. Call eight eight eight seven eight nine seven seven seven seven or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer Bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick Six Credits that expire in fourteen days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Everyone likes a good hack. You know, like a buy one get one at the mall or a combo meal or even just a nickname. You know, that's Bartholomew there, but we call him Bark. That's a hack. But what if I told you there was a wireless hack Wireless that lets you live in the know? Well there is, and it's called Visible. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots, you can stay connected on the go. And it's powered by Verizon Visible runs on Verizon's 5G network. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection visible. Also gives you access to 4K streaming ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know, make the switch@visible.com, that's V-I-S-I-B-L e.com plan starting at $25 a month for our best features, get the new visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply see visible.com for plan features and network management details.


But I'm just saying like everything has like two, like seven things now. Right. You know it exactly like A And I think you're right. Put a, you wanna get people to go to the theaters movies either gotta be really good. Like you can't just used to be like, okay, there's go three movies in the theater every weekend. Yeah. People are gonna go to one of them now. You gotta have a reason to want to go out and see it. Yeah. Where And I'm lucky 'cause you know, the reason why I'm really confident about this movie, The Accountant Too, is actually plays great. It's a really good movie. People love it. I've been, you know, but I was the one where I was like, let's make, let's test this movie. Let's take it out there. And I'm like, okay, this movie belongs out there theatrically. And there's still, it's still more difficult. In the old days, this movie would've been a home run Easy, obviously. I'm like, the movie's great, it works great.


It's a big smash hit now you have to like, okay, work harder, get it out there because, because ahead of time you screen it for people, you see what they say. You and the reaction's pretty consistent, interestingly. Right. So, but now it's like y you know, I think your point about what you have to do, like the Minecraft movie or Barbie or, you know, it almost has to become like a cultural event. Like where people are going, acting the scenes at like, there's a whole reason to go do it Kind of. Unless I think it's else Really good. And that's really what I believe and You really believe in This, this movie is, listen, I, you know. Absolutely. It's really Would you come out and say it was good if it wasn't Not like that? Yeah. I I would've walked sort of talk around it or talk about, well there's some things I like about it, but now I wouldn't even want a movie to go out theatrically. Yes. I didn't think it was gonna work theatrically because it's, it, it know, I think, well, you know, there's people that will watch this on streaming because I do think the bar is lower and I think that different kinds of movies work on streaming and, you know, great movies work on streaming too.


But I would say I would choose to do that. This was one that was supposed to be, I wasn't, you know, it wasn't like we're gonna go out theatrical. It was when the movie came together and worked as well as it did. You know, we thought this is definitely a theatrical movie. And it's, it's, I think it's really good. I'm really proud of it. I love it. John Bernal's great. It's funny John Burn in it. The first one. John. Yeah, John Beth was my brother. He's great. He's your brother. Yeah. That's to me. And it's, we're like a what the fuck? Two hand? Didn't know that. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are brothers in the movie. He's not my real brother, but yeah. Oh shit. Yeah. He's, he and he's fucking amazing in the movie. And he Plays your So wait, so who is The Accountant? You can't tell Us The Accountant. No, it's me. Right. Okay. I'm this guy's accountant who's got, who's Are you a CPA?


We, I'm a CPA, but it's sort of one of these things where it's gonna sound a little bit Oh, farfetched when I tell you, but it's actually very close, which is, we grew up to, obviously together as we're brothers. And we had this father that was very tough on us, like heavy duty, the military guy in movie, this is in the first movie, right. When we were kids, you see flashbacks. And he kind of was, you know, trained Us. I seen this movie, seen You've seen the first movie, right? This is the second you saw the first one. Me and John came out like eight years ago. Oh Yeah, yeah. So this is the second one. This is the sequel of Yeah. Yeah. Oh, oh yeah. I didn't, sorry man. That's all right. I didn't put it together And it, but I think this, this actually, you know, which is rare and I definitely wouldn't say this, but weren't True, is it's better than the first movie. It's funny. It's got more kind of heart.


It's, it's more broadly accessible Actions better. And I really liked the first movie. So, and you Directed this one too? No, I acted a guy named Gavin O'Connor directed this movie who was a really good director, who directed the first one. And how do you decide who is a good director? 'cause you're a good director yourself. Thank you. But I guess the, the way you decide that honestly is by watching their movies. Okay. You look at it and you go kind of, you know, and, and, and if it's something that you do, you sort of watch it. And you can tell even movies where there's instances where it's like, might not be my kind of movie or it might, you know, might my taste. But you can still say, okay, well this is somebody who really understands this is like a master, or this is somebody who's very competent or it really is to, to my taste.


And I'm like, this is amazing. Yeah. But you know, it's hard to get good at. So, you know, there aren't very many great directors. And that's, that's one of the really tricky things about, about making movies. I'm really like, this is the third time I've worked with this director, Gavin, I really liked the guy he did Miracle. He did some movie Warrior. Warrior is with The Boxer George. And, and Yeah, No, char Jake Char. Well my fiance is name the dude from Venom, Tom Hardy. Oh, George and Nick. Ty. People love him. Yeah. And there's, and he did Miracle, which is about the Olympic hockey team and Oh, yeah. Against Canada, America versus Canada I think or something. Russia. Russia, right. Yeah, Russia.


The original. Oh no, Russia's like Dirty Canada was, Right. Exactly. Yeah. It's kind of like, and that's, yeah, no offense, anybody's Russia, but also, you know, it, so it's not like we're keeping secrets from him. We're advertising that. So is it, would you go work on it? So if you and John Bernthal, you guys are buddies, you get along well. I love the guy. Yeah. I, I knew him. I liked him. So that makes it fun. Came really close with him on this movie. Yeah. We just hit it off really well. And it's like, I, I I'm sure you experienced this like in your line of work, like some people you kind of just hit it off with. It works. It's a great, like, oh my God, you don't even know kind of how it happens. And sometimes the chemistry is just not there, you know What I mean? You got Tim Dillon. Have you ever met seen Tim Dillon? No. What about You? Just gotta watch him. Dude, he's so funny.


He's just one of the funniest guys he ever made. He just made me think like, he's somebody that's really funny, right? Shane Gillis. Yeah, Shane Gillis is funny, but I mean, and so, but I'm saying like, for you personally, right? Like you might find that like you sitting down talking to somebody works, even if somebody's great, they might come in and you guys just don't hit it off a hundred percent. Or, or you might be great together. In this case, I really felt like with John, like we got really lucky and we both kind of, it's like a two-hander. It's like a kind of odd couple sort of brother. 'cause I'm very reserved, very straight. He's very tough and ballsy. And so like, you know what I mean? And so we're kind of opposites, but we love each other, but we're kind of brothers so we drive each other crazy and we're frustrated with each other. And there's kind of those things really, those kind of relationships, dynamics and stories really depend on the chemistry you have.


And, and John's a just amazing actor. But also it was great to work with him. And I love the guy. I respect him. He's a good man. He's a great father. He works hard. He's just everything. I, I I, you know, I don I've heard a lot of, I've heard a lot of neat things about him. 'cause he podcasts as well, you know? Yeah, yeah. I think he has, he might have to take breaks from him if he's acting a lot. How long does, like, so how long are you shooting? Something like that. And then are there phases during a movie shoot where it's like, it starts off, you know, it's like, and you just kind of get burnt? Like, or is there a way to kind of, yeah, Because the way they set it up is like, you know, and I don't think this is like optimal necessarily, but because of how you got, get everybody together and, you know, build the sets and do All this Shit and all at once, you know, it gets, you end up working like, you know, 14, 16 hour days.


Oh yeah. And you know, there is, you know, it's a function of just the, some inefficiencies and the way it works and sometimes just what you have to do. So you, you're constantly working on sort of all you're thinking about morning moon night. And then you go home and go to sleep, wake up, go back to work. So you can get burned out on it. But you can also, like with The Accountant too, it was like, it started to just work better and better than I thought. And so every day I was thrilled to go to work, you know what I mean? I, as I get older, I'm like, I wanna work with people that I really like. Yeah. That make, 'cause like so much of your life is spent at work, that becomes kind of what, like obviously, you know, I have my family. That's the number one thing in my life and I just make the time for that. I have my kids, I'm divorced, I have them, you know, half the time. So I got 'em half the week.


Then I'm like with them, the other part of my life I'm gonna spend at work. And that's, so I've realized like, if you want my life to be, if I want be happy, I gotta have fun, then I want be working with people that I really like and respect. I enjoy being around. Yeah. And it's not always easy to choose that. Not everybody can you get lucky, you know? And so I, I was with, this was really lucky. I love John. Do have you ever made Yeah. 'cause David Spade and I wrote a movie that we just shot a couple months ago. Oh really? Yeah. So it was fascinating. I've just kind of learned about how to do it. Like we've been friends for about how Long, how long did you shoot For four years. We shot for 23 days. And we got, that's pretty quick. It was, it was quick. We got pushed by the fires, so everything kind of got messed up and we kind of, not everything got messed up, but we got like sandwiched in a moments where it was like, everybody's here.


The winds are 40 miles an hour today. Oh shit, we have to, there's no, we paid for it ourselves. So it was like, we have to Do this. Did you find out when people leave your own money on something, all of a sudden things like, okay, we're gonna do this. Like, people have a whole different attitude. That's something I've found. You know, they're like, Oh, we need a dalmatian. I'm like, we don't have a dalmatian. We'll fucking shave that sheep and fucking staple some, some Fucking tattoo some spots on this motherfucker and shoot And with removable glue, glue some Oreos to it and get that bastard out there. You know, teach it to bark. We have 40 minutes. Get on YouTube and teach that thing to bark. Have you ever made a movie that you, that you didn't put out or that wasn't put out? Oh yeah, early on I made, you know, a bunch of movies that were like independent movies that, you know, they didn't have like distribution that m like a studio that said, okay, we're paying for this and when it's finished we're gonna put a bunch of money in advertising.


'cause you gotta spend a bunch more money to advertise a movie after you make it. Right. And, or at least, you know, and that, that's one of the big things that's changing now. People are like, okay, how can we do this in a more intelligent way? Because all that money spent on television commercial is just a wasted now. That's, that's why I'm here. Like this much more effective way to do it. You know what I mean? Yeah, Dude, it seems exciting. I Well, here's the thing. I think when you tell me that it's good, I honestly think that, I believe you that it's gonna be good. Yeah. I'm telling the truth. I the movie's really good. I wouldn't be like, if, if you had a movie that wasn't good, crazy, you kind of do a few of the basic things, right? And because look, this's gonna turn out like, you know, you're gonna, it's gonna be bell curve, be curve one way or the other. Right? The better you are, you're gonna move your bell curve a little bit further down and have a better chunk of movies.


But I got about like 12 movies that I really love and I'm proud of and about 25 that are like, I like this. I didn't like that. I love, you know, and about 10 or 12, whatever that are like, that's fucking terrible. I hate this. I can't watch it. And it was awful. And when I did independent movies, you, they would sometimes they just didn't get distribution. Like no one wanted to put it out. Or I went to a film festival. I haven't had movies that were so, like, just something so terrible happened when the studio already was making it that it wasn't put out. But you know, you have like, they changed their plan. You can kind of see, oh, now we're gonna shift to this or that. Now you can put something on streaming and it, you don't, it used to be like you were gonna go out theatrical, so you kind of were like naked. You just had your, you know what I mean? Wow.


And if it didn't work, everybody knew. 'cause they'd say, look, this movie made 10 cents this weekend. Yeah. And you know, you'd want them to take the fucking billboard down. You drive past the billboard like was like, it was a bomb. The movie's bomb. You know what I mean? You're up there at night in your Batman costume, just painting over it with a big one Of those big Paint reachers. Dude. Do you ever see Family Man? Did you see that movie? I love that movie. Man, buddy. Man, that's like my, oh yeah. Family man. I liked really a lot. Dunk Kirk I liked, I thought was cool. Cool. Great movie. Crystal Owen's a brilliant, brilliant guy. Yeah. Tell me about your movie with Dave Big. What, who do you play? Like what is, is it comedy? Yeah, It's just busboy. It's like, he's like guy, he's just like, we're does two kind of dumb guys or whatever.


We just got the first edit through. So it's like, I'm watching it Right now, man. Lemme tell You. Like that first cut of the movie, like when I see the first cut of my own movie, I wanna kill myself really? So like, you should not go crazy seeing the first cut and not like it. I almost have never, like now I have a, a company and we make a bunch of movies and you know, the first cut, it's, this is one of the only movies where the first cut came in. I was like, it's great. Really? 90% of the time you're like, okay, we got a long way to go. It's a very iterative process. They get better and more work is done after you finish shooting to make it good. Yeah. That's I'm doing. So I'm meeting with an editor next week and Sit down and be like, this is what's supposed to be funny about this scene. Right. Like, and explain it to them what you think is funny and is good because they, it may seem obvious to you and it probably doesn't to that person.


Like, ah, you can lose track. And you go, look, the reason it's funny is because you think we're gonna do this. We, we know this about us from the first we know whatever scene and we come in. It's that take where I like yelled at the guy. That should be a surprise. Like, you'd be surprised how often it's hard to put for saying Go in and tell, it's tough. 'cause I've been spending my nights like watch and now I'm, I'm, it Feels shitty too to put your, all that work into it and look at it and go, the fuck is this? Oh, it's the worst feeling in the world. It's feels Fucking horrible. 'cause it's like, I'm very particular about like what I create, like you said in the beginning. It's like, I like to make things. I know what I want, you know, it's like I know my intuition and if I fail on my intuition, then that's exactly where I want to fail. 'cause that's pure to me. Right? Like that's okay. Yeah. And like, that's what you wanna do.


Great. Right. But it's a very tricky thing for other people to know that get you. Yes. And to know y you know what I mean? Sense of humor. That's my, my problem, my whole life of view is all obvious to you, right? Yeah. But it's just not to people. So a lot of times you have to spend a like more time than you would've thought. Literally going, here's what should be funny. Right. If you can explain the joke, like, you're a super funny guy, funny comedian, you understand comedy very well. So you can sit and break it down to him and go like, you gotta know this about it. What's funny is that, you know, we didn't expect me to do this. Right. Or that's a callback to this other moment or the, the whole thing that when I did it, what I thought was funny is this take where I did that. Like, because on the set, I'm sure you know, you're, if you're doing a comedy and you shot it, you had moments where you were like, that's funny.


Right? That I think that's funny. I think that's good. Yeah. You sometimes it's literally about going back into the dailies and saying, look, okay, go find the closeup or find this two shot. The thing where I said to David and David looked at me like this and whatever. That was the one that's where I and thought, yeah, that works. Like there's no mystery or magic to why they're doing it a different way. They oftentimes just need feedback. It's, it, it it is, this is not like sculpting or writing a novel. It's not a single person. You know, it's collaborative. It has to be collaborative. Right? Yeah. If I'm directing a movie with you in it, and it, obviously it's gonna have your comic sensibility. Like, I gotta know what's going on and get what's funny to you. Yeah. Or I'm not the guy, right. And I, and I'm, I'm gonna need help along the way. Any director is going like, so how come, well what, what do you imagine about this?


Or what do you think? You know what I mean? Like, that's why you have to explain it and sort of talk about it. 'cause that person's gotta understand all those things that made you be funny in the first place and start going, oh, people are laughing when I say, oh, these are funny. You know what I mean? Yeah. And you've put it together and professionalized it. But like you got share that with them otherwise, really. And then this is also where people sometimes get into fights of course. 'cause people's ego gets in the way by ego will kill you. You have to be able to hear, I don't care what you do, you have to be able to hear like, this doesn't work, this is dog shit. 'cause the audience will tell you, you know what I mean? Right. That's the thing. And it's like, I'm so partic I'm not particular, but I just know what kind of his work. You know? But That's valuable 'cause not everybody does. So what you have right, is that awareness. You don't think about it, you don't have, you feel it, right. You're like, that feels funny.


Or when you see something you're like, that feels wrong, like makes you uncomfortable. Right. You see? Yeah. So that is a thing that's unique to you. Right. So you need to like, give them access to that and get it. And when you, you know, and if somebody's gonna like, take it personally, it's, it's not personal. Like it's your, you know, and, and what David thought was funny, like, okay, like you have to be connected in that way. And you have to understand that it's not about like, okay, fuck you guys now I'm gonna go make my vision of this thing. No, that's a disaster. No, no, no. I just think like, yeah, like this is why this was written this way and this is why it's funny. And so this is the first time that we're like more hands on with it. Well then You should definitely be hands like, 'cause by the way, no one's gonna do it for you. Right. Oh, I Agree with that too.


You want to Get better on its own, man. It is gonna get better if you get in and work on it. And by the way, you're gonna see it again. And you're gonna have to go, okay, closer now let's try this, let's try that. And then again, the way movies like get better really is iterative. It's like a, it's like, it's like coats of paint, you know what I mean? You gotta keep on go. It's like a good paint job on a car. It as like 12 coats of paint. That's why it looks good. Yeah. You know what I mean? That Do movies. Do movies take a long time to edit Sometimes. Yeah. 26 weeks is the post-production schedule for most movies. Right. That includes music. That's half a one. Yeah. And it, and it's, it's longer than the production. You're trying to grab everything you can during production. That's more expensive every day to shoot editing is you rent the editing room, the facilities. Yeah. We needed an owl one day. We had an owl. Right.


This bitch, it was $1,100 an hour for an hour. Yeah. It was like a semi endangered, I don't wanna say in danger, whatever. But it was like wr writ admir. Do they charge more if it's like, you know what I mean? Like if you can get a chicken, they're not in danger, you can kill that shit. Just cut hiss head off. That's $10 for the owl. You can get a tall chicken, no one's gonna know the difference. You can take the chicken, break his neck and he's turned around. You can get a tall Curious chicken. We'll give you that. And so I think maybe that's just like one of those things where it's like, what's the rate for owls? You just get to make it up if you sell Owls. I know. It's just so, it's like, God, you get into there and there's just all this animal entrapment. I, what else was I thinking about? Would you let your children, well let's, I wanna talk to you a little bit more, more about directing.


So, 'cause Argo, you directed, right? And did you care about the Middle East that much? Were like a Middle East guy. I know you, I've read some Every was not really. I did, I I did study the Middle East in school and so I understood about it. I wouldn't have make a movie that I didn't, it'd be like, make a movie with you and not getting your humor. Right. Like, it would just be crazy. Like you if as the director, you gotta care more and be more interested in that movie than everybody else. Everyone else is gonna be bored of it. Right. And you gotta love it the whole time through. So the big key is like, this is gonna be interesting to me. There was a lot of things that were interesting to me about that movie. One was the real story, the Ccia H and who I had done it, the, the, the guy, the people that I met and talked to at the ccia. The actual nature of like intelligence work versus, you know, what you had seen with a like, you know, you know, like super spy shit that's not really realistic.


And, and this story was really interesting to me. And also I thought it was like, the fact that they had this like, bizarre connection to Hollywood and the Hollywood makeup artist and that we were trying to bridge those two worlds was, was really interesting to me. But it was a scary challenging movie. 'cause the director's main job is tone, right? Like, that's the main, that's what the director is gonna really create is like, what's the tone of this? Like, what's the vibe? What's are we, is this serious? What are we interested in? Like what do we consider funny? What do we, you know, all those things that, that, you know, go into all the choices we make in life from the B car. You got the clothes, you buy all that. What kind of, what is your taste? And not everyone's gonna like it, right? Some people, it's just not gonna be their taste. You gotta at least make it as good as you can to your own taste.


Like you said, your own instincts. Yeah. You gotta Find that tone that matches. 'cause people wanna belie, they, they're gonna expect a certain tone from you as well. I think, you know? Yeah. And You don effects on true. And when that tone doesn't work, you're like, this is kind of ccra this cheese fucking, you know what I mean? Corny, it's like, it's, it seems silly or whatever. And it's like, because you're asking someone to take something seriously that they can't take seriously or, or think is funny that they don't think is funny. And, and that's where it's a, it's a tricky kind of nebulous job, but that, that's the most interesting to me, important thing about it. And that's, yeah. You know. Do you, would you let your children act, do you think? Well, I wouldn't let 'em act professionally while they were children.


No. But I would, would let you know, if they wanna do plays and shit and make their own kind of stuff with their friends, that's fine. Me, I, I, I don't, I don't think it would be, I don't know, judgment against people that do it. I've done playing movies with, you know, child actors and stuff. Oh yeah. And that's fine from my experience acting as a kid and what I, and what I want for my children is not, is, is not that. But also you gotta understand that then they, you know, I got a 19-year-old, I wants 16, I wants 13. Oh wow. They can make their own choices. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's true, right? As a dad, you're just like, that is, that, is that gotta be tough for a, when you're a dad, like you kind of have already lived some life, so you were like, ah, and not even about acting about anything.


And then your kid is kind of like making it like, is that, and you don't wanna like probably push him too much or like, because then you're pressure some dude that's gotta be a real, like walking a police line or something. Yeah. I mean, that's the whole job of life. It's like for me, before I had kids, you know, I didn't really realize what my life was about. And then this becomes the central challenge of your life. And, and if you have a, everybody has complications and tricky shit in their life. And that's part of being a parent is managing that with what kind of life am I bringing my kids into? Yeah. Making a good life for my children. How do you know? And that, that's part of that is my kids are growing up out here in la I didn't grow up in la I didn't, I never met a famous person or actor or anything. That shit just seemed like a million miles away to me. And totally, If you're in the rest of the world, it and it feels so far away.


And then you forget after you're here for a while how far away it seems to other people. Like if you meet an, you know, like just anybody who was in and it just like, that's like, it was a, I remember I was 12 years old in Boston and I saw Christopher Lloyd who played the dude on Back to the Future, you know? Oh yeah. And I saw him walking down the street. I think he was doing a play. Yeah, exactly. That guy. I followed the guy for like six blocks. Yeah. Like now I'd be like, there's this fucking 12-year-old kid following me. Right. You know what I mean? Like, I stalked him. Like, I couldn't believe it that it was the guy from back to the future. I lost my mind. Mind. Yeah. And it was the only, you know, celebrity, famous, whatever person I'd ever seen or no. And, and so my kids are now, they are seeing different stuff.


Some of it's useful for them because it disabuse them of some illusions that I think are worth being disabused of. And also, but I'm also like, I, I don't look, they're gonna, if you, if you, they're kids are gonna kind of be and do what, who they are they wanna do, which your job is to let 'em know that they're loved, that they're keep them safe, you know, provide them opportunities and also not, you know, you gotta resist the temptation to, to try to get everything out of the way for 'em, because you're gonna learn anything or develop any grid or, or resilience if shit's just easy for you. Yeah. That's Crazy. I didn't even thought about that. It's like you're watching 'em walk and there's something kind of in their path and if you take it away completely, then they're not gonna learn how to deal with an obstacle. Yeah.


But if you leave it there, then you're gonna have to watch 'em go through an obstacle that's gotta be crazy. And it's hard wash your kids. The, like, even trying to climb over something you ear instinct is pick 'em up, take 'em over. But you have to like, yes. You don't want them put their finger in a socket, you know what I mean? Or tr a cliff. And but that doesn't mean life has to be hard. Yeah. It has to be difficult in some ways. It doesn't have to be, shouldn't be traumatic, shouldn't be, you know, awful or painful. But sh things have to be hard for you to learn to do hard things. Yeah. And this world, like it or not, is gonna demand that you do hard shit. If you want to have anything, you know, if you want to be able to provide for your own family, have your own dreams, have, you know, the things that you wanna have. 'cause if you don't do it, the guy next to you is gonna do it better or you know, or the woman over here is gonna do it better and you're gonna lose out.


Yeah. And also, you know, I don't want my kids to have that first big tough experience in life and like kind of fall apart. You know? You got it. Like, some of the best lessons I ever learned in life were from failure. In fact, for sure. I didn't learn much from success. I learned a lot from failure. You know what I mean? But the most important thing you learn is that you can survive it. You can be okay. Yeah. You can knock you the fuck down. And you, you know, you, it's like getting, like when I was a kid where I grew up, that, I mean, I don we used to get in fights all the time. Oh, fight all the time. Dude. People you found out that used to beat The shit outta Me. You get punched in the face, you get your ass kicked and that's not, and he'd be like, yeah, he kicked your ass. And you go like, and you get up and you come to school the next day and you know what I mean?


It's kind of like, oh, a tough day, Dude. That that first day was so Tough. Yeah. It was. Damn Randy kicked your ass. It's worse that you have to hear about it then. Like, just getting hit five times. It's like, yeah, you kind of get your bell rung, you know what I mean? And, and, but it's the, like that's kind of going back to that thing about like embarrassment. Like kids will suffer more from being humiliated than physically hurt, for example. Like that's the shit that really is painful. But no, I don't, I don't wish to be clear that on my kid. Like, it don't need to be fighting and shit all the time. No, no, no. But it's, you know, it is valuable to know that you can fail or have something difficult happen really painful or get your heartbroken, have some girl be like, you know, be like, I don't like, you know what I mean?


Embarrass you, whatever. Oh yeah. You are gonna be okay. Like things are not gonna kill you. In fact, they actually do make you stronger if you kind of go like, okay, that was, if I didn't have some of the resilience that I picked up by, you know, my early life trying to, you know, CC yeah. I would have just kind of given up or collapsed or had bad people say bad shit. I'd be like, oh, you know, and I'd fall down and never get up again. Yeah. You'd have no experience. And you also, it sharpens your intuition. You start to, it all learns. It's all it, it is, if you can see yourself as a tool, sometimes it's definitely harder when you're younger because some of those, those feelings are new and it hurts so much. You know, Here's the thing, getting better at anything really never feels good. Like if you're building resilience, it's, it's not a time that you're liking, you know what I mean?


Yeah. It, it doesn't feel good. Like, so that's what, okay, I don't like this, this feels like shit. But because it's hard because I can't lift these weights anymore because I, these other, you know, I'm exhausted and the other kids are still, you know, running sprints or whatever the, you know, but like tho those are the moments for what it's worth where you're getting better, you Know, what is, what's something that you admire about each of your children? Just so one day they can look back and, and you know, is that uncom? Oh God. I mean the thing I really, that I care most about, and it's, it is true of all three of my kids, is that all of them have like an innate like goodness of character. Like a kindness. They don't, they're not trying to go out and hurt other people. They, they, and they have empathy, like they care about and respect other people doesn't mean, you know, that obviously they don't make mistakes or they're perfect or whatever.


Oh yeah. That basic thing about them is, it is really, really important. I think it's, it's definitely also credit to their mom who's, who's amazing and who's spectacular and is great. Like, we're divorced, but we, we I think do pretty good together raising the kids, going back and forth and all that stuff. And they're, I mean, they're all looked at. I think, you know, like any parent, you're gonna be like, my kid's so cool. And my Yeah. But I love like something you admire like individually about 'em that's maybe unique Personal, I think My oldest kid, I'm not Trying to, no, not at all. Listen, okay. I think truly there's so much that I don't want, I just don't want to come off. And I know my kids will be like, dad, don't fucking go on there and talk about me. You know what I mean? Fair, fair, fair, fair. So my son especially is like, dude, he's Right now watching.


It's like, oh no, no, no. But here's the truth. My, my oldest one has got a beautiful like, commitment and sense of like, wanting to make the world truly a, a better place. And she'll put her money where her mouth is. Like, she doesn't want to do something she's not asking other people to do. She makes personal sacrifices. She has that kind of integrity. You know, my middle child is really, is this incredible, like, feels things deeply like artist, you know, kind of is is brilliant and so funny. And my son has got like this incredible like, joy of life and magnetism and sweetness and goodness to him.


And like that's the stuff where it's like, whether you can like dunk a basketball or write a great paper, like great. And I'm not, you know, but like that that's the shit that to me is more important like kind of internal character stuff. Yeah. That's cool dude. That's nice man. Yeah. It's nice to hear dad talk about their kids. You know? I think sometimes you just don't hear it enough sometimes, you know? I Agree. And I think it's, it's so important. Like, Oh yeah, it's most Important thing in the world. There's not as many male leaders. There's as many male teachers as there were. There's not as many. Like there's, there's a space where we're missing a gap of mentorship from male to male. 'cause a lot of people, well some people were pedophiles, whatever. But outside of those people, it's like there's not as many. Let's rule those fuckers out. Yeah. Those guys are out. Well also, anybody paparazzi who's driving around taking pictures of kids, anybody else would be arrested for.


I agree. Taking a photo of a kid in public. Yeah. But, but, and I think absolutely boys need important male mentors. And so do girls. Like you need to see that there's good men. You don need to understand that good men are accountable and tell the truth. They can say they're sorry when they make mistake. They're strong. You can rely on them. They're funny like that. They can show you strength and love and and, and all this stuff that is good and beautiful and what you, the people you want to be drawn to in your future life about masculinity. You want to know, know, and see that model. And if you don't, first of all, you in your there children who are expecting, 'cause we are as children expecting to have that. It's important. If You don't, it fucks you up. And if you don't see what that looks like, you don't know kind of what to look for you, You know?


Oh yeah. Dude. Did you have a fun, like do you have a memory of your dad that was like fun with for you? I'm trying to think of one. My dad would, dude. My dad was like, I'm trying, my dad was really old when I was born. And so my dad was 70 when he, when when I was born. Right. He was born in 1910. So dad was A serious guy. Yeah. I wish he had some money, which was crazy. 'cause usually if a woman's hooking up with an older guy, he's got some money, you Got some money. He's like, what Did your dad Have going for him? It was Not money. It wasn't money. It must have been charming. He Didn't have a bank. He must have, he was very charming. My dad was very, very charming. But he would like, take me to the, like he would like go sometimes have a beer by like this bar at the railroad tracks. And he would like, let me walk on the bar. He'd like, and they had like these little bowl of chocolates, whatever.


And if the bartender, I remember if I danced good, he would like gimme some, some of the chocolates or whatever and he'd be like, go wiggle for chocolates or whatever. And I, so I just remember, I think You like when my dad pimped me out, that was a good time. Well he was just a, he was just pimping me for confections, you know, or sugars. You know, it was kind of an outtake from that movie C Chuck a lot if you've ever seen that. But, but yeah, he would be like, go wiggle for chocolates. And I just remember that was one thing that I remember anyway, sorry I made that about me. But It was, it was nice to, to take that walk down memory lane. Yeah. I, I enjoyed it. It's fun. Well, like there's, there's things I remember about it, like the bowls of peanuts and just like being at a bar like at like 5:00 PM 'cause my dad was older. He would go to rest. He would rest pretty early. But I remember, that's funny 'cause I, I was gonna say, oh, I don't have that, that kind of memories of my dad really.


But the truth is like, you know, after he, he got outta the house, you know, as a kid he, we, he worked at bars and so I, that's where I'd go see him up at the bars and he was like a bookie and, you know, taking bets on the side. Oh, really? Run. Yeah. A little bit. And, and he was, but that, that's what he did. He was, was bartender. And then for, for, for that, for that period of life when I was kind of 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, Whatever. Did he have a jukebox in there or anything? They Have a jukebox. And then he'd be like, oh, go get the cigarette machine. And I went in the bar and it was cool to visit him in there. Remember the cigarette machine? They had that pullout thing. Yeah. You pull on him. But that was days. And they'd be like, tell you the kid that go to the store and get some cigarettes. You walk in eight years old, buy cigarettes. So. Yeah, exactly. But yeah. And also we were, I mean, my brothers to the bar. Yeah.


And that, that those were, there was some, I do have some kind of fond memories of, of, of that. I, I wish I had more of 'em. Which is one of the reasons why, like, it's important for me in my life to make sure I don't fuck, you know, that I create those for my own right. Children. Right. Yeah. I think that's something that we probably learn I think as we go along.


I want tell you about True Classic God. You wanna feel good, you wanna feel something good on your body and look good to people. True. Classic. The official basics where partner of the UFC has one mission to make sure guys look good and feel even better. They've nailed fit, feel, and price across your entire wardrobe. Not just tees, but hoodies, jeans, gym gear, everything you need to level up your everyday style. I've been wearing true classics and I enjoy 'em from the first piece I put on, I said, okay, daddy's home. I knew it was different. Snug where you want it relaxed where you need it. No weird bunching, no awkward, tight spots. Forget overpriced designer nonsense. Skip the cheap Throwaways True Classic delivers premium essentials built for real life. Grab yours at Target or Costco or head to True Classic dot com slash t to get hooked up today. That's True Classic dot com slash theo.


I am excited actually to get ahold of NRA fall. That's something I've got coming in the mail to me. 'cause I've still got enough hair to need a cut and, and I wanna keep it that way. I wanna keep it healthy. Neutrophil men, that's who I ordered from. You may have heard of Neutro Fall's hair growth supplements and wondered do they actually work? Well, it's a fair question. You know, many hair supplements over promise and under deliver, but Neutro fall is different as the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand. It's trusted by over 1.5 million people and it's clinically tested to deliver real results in just three to six months. Neutrophil Men is clinically proven to improve hair growth and quality. Plus men also reported no impact to sexual performance. Start your Hair growth journey with Nutri Fall for a limited time. Nutri Fall is offering our listeners $10 off your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to nut nutri fall.com/men. And enter the promo code. Theo, find out why Nut Nutri fall is the leading hair growth supplement brand on the market@nutrafall.com slash men. Spelled N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com/men promo code. Theo, that's nutri fall.com/men promo code. Theo,


what else is something I wanna ask you about? Did you, was it weird? Were you, were you famous before your brother was famous? Is that a weird Question? Not at all. You know, I guess yeah, a little bit like in the sense that he was in Goodwill hunting with me and Matt. Oh, I forgot about that. And he was fucking brilliant in it. And then, but you know, like anybody like, and, and Matt's like, who's like, you know, my best friend is a kid and stuff like Matt Damon, you know, you had like, and he got more famous of good one thing and then my brother, you know, so you kind of, and you know, people if you really like, try to map it out, like those sort of how famous are, which is kind of a weird and a hard thing to tell.


Right? I agree. It kind of moves around. But my brother was always a working actor and then he became, you know, he, he, he really established and of course won the Oscar for acting and, and kind of established himself just as a great actor. And which the one a more steady kind of arc In Pittsburgh. Remember Michelle? Oh yeah. You're talking about by the Sea? Yeah. Manchester by the Sea. Yeah. Yeah. That's what he, what he won the Oscar for. It was, he's amazing in that movie. Yeah. Yeah. God, it was so good. Is it? Yeah, I just always, he's A great actor, my brother. Is it? Yeah. Are you guys pretty close? We are. You know, we're, we're, we're close. We, he's got great kids. I love his kids and he's a great guy. And you know, you, you, you, you know, I guess you get through phases in life too, where you're kind of like people are you, you're kind of doing the same thing or you're just in different spaces.


Well That's what happens when you kind of really like get a older and then we were like, it was up to 30 or whatever. I was just like hanging out with guys all the time, you know what I mean? We, you're going out, we're doing this or whatever. And that was kind of life, most of it. So you see all your friends all the time. And my brother's one of the, you know, we'd all hang out and then you have kids, you have family and then it's kind of like, okay, I'm gonna have Friday at five or whatever for seven or, and, and then you kinda have to, you lose a little bit of that bigger network of like who are, who are the, like I know who 10 of these guys are, who are the other six. Oh yeah. You know, that starts to kind of go away and he, and you kind of have to be more selective. But, you know, my brother's is, is is a brilliant, funny, amazing guy. And, and his kids are, it is a joy to see his kids grow up and be, you know Yeah.


Being an uncle's fun. Oh, it's the best. Because then You don't really, you can kind of just like let him do shit. You know, you don't have to be really the dad. Yeah. You know, I'll tell you this. So there was, I live in Nashville, so I moved there about four years ago and there was, so the other night there's like tornadoes or something and I didn't know, like, and I live in like, it's a nice neighborhood, but it's nothing crazy. It's not like rich enough where you're away from tornadoes. You know, I, you better be pretty how rich you have to be to get away from tornadoes, you know? I don know I'm still in the wind district, you know, so there's a fricking tornado warning, there's sirens going off over town. I didn't even know we had sirens. So I'm texting my nephew, thank God I called him twice. And then finally I texted him, I was like, dude, I was like, bro, tornado warning, what do I do?


And he's in middle school or whatever and thank God, he's like, get under your desk. That's what he fucking says at 4:00 AM And I was like, dude, I don't have a fucking desk. You know what I'm saying? And he goes, don't curse at me over text. And I'm like, this fucking kid does not know how to support a family member. It just like, who curse? That's what he's, that's hilarious. Anyway, I don't even know what I told you that story about, what were we talking about weather? I'm not even, I Don't know, but Family members. Oh yeah. And what it's like to be an uncle. Yeah. Yeah. I get to see my nieces and they're coming for Easter tomorrow, so I'm excited about that. But yeah. Yeah, being an uncle is so much fun. How many like nieces and nephews you got? I got five total. One of 'em just went to prom, so I got to be there when she took pictures.


I was in Baton Rouge for that. Oh, that's great. It's fun. Yeah. And you kind of get to be like a little bit of the confidant, like you're kind of like on the edge of dad. Yeah. Because They'll tell you stuff that's kind of like, you can't talk to your parents about like whatever, you know something. Yeah. But you can kind of let you know, the uncle kind of know and you, so you can be kind of on the side a little bit, a little cooler even if you're really not that much cool. And they're like, know fucking don't try to play it off like that. But you kind of get away with it a little bit and you know, you gotta like, you can't, you can't push it. You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. But It's like, and you gotta know when to snitch too on 'em too. Yeah. And tell the dad what's going on. Yeah, exactly. Did you, let me think about a movie thing. Oh, did you get to keep your Batman outfit? I did. Yeah, I did. In fact, it's at our office and it's, it's one of those things people like, it's like, it's one of those things that sort of like, I don't know, people like to see it.


It kind of reminds me a little bit of like planet Hollywood a little bit because I'm always like, I don get this bats rubber bat suit here. It's just, yeah. But it's like, I don't know, it's hard to tell. Like, look, I get it. I, that's a kind of a cool movie souvenir sometimes I feel like if you put a grapefruit on like TV every week, you know what I mean? And then you just put it to the mall. People will go by and be like, oh there's that grapefruit from tv. You know what I mean? So it's sometimes hard to tell whether something's interesting 'cause it's interesting or because, but, but I can see how that is kind of interesting. The most interesting thing about it when people see it is like, damn, how do you wear this? And it's true. It, it is like of all the, those type of roles and stuff, like the superhero thing, that the outfits make it a lot harder to do your job 'cause you're kind of constrained and they're real hot.


It's like, you know, when like wrestlers, like when I was a kid, used to run around with like trash bags to lose weight 'cause you just dump all the water. You know what I mean? Like that's sort of what those outfits do. Oh yeah. You see like some guy that's with his, yeah. You see some guy in your neighborhood who's on the wrestling team or whatever. I didn't know the Wrestlers. Yeah, exactly. Had a wrestling team and then he's running down the street. Yeah. A California RAI child Lose Yeah, exactly. 15 pounds in 10 minutes. You know what I mean? He's just spitting on his family members and he's just cursing. 'cause they say cursing helps you burn calories or whatever. Yeah. That's kind of interesting. But you would, but you never like, put it back on for anything fun or to surprise family Members. I did it for my kid's birthday when he was Yeah, my son's birthday. And he was like, he was a little young, but I, it was fun.


I got the pictures now. Now he is like, I guess that was cool. You did that at the time. I didn't know what the fuck you were doing. And I'm like, but it was cool though. Do I get credit for it now? He's like, I guess barely dope. But, but I, I had fun and that, that was the whole reason I did it. Like, Ilum be Batman, my son. Like how cool is it? Your dad's Batman? Yeah. My son was like, you know, three and shit. And so he, he was like scared of the movie. But, but, but you know, since then it's like he'd be, it's become kind of in retrospect, I think kind of cool. It's hard to tell what your kids think is cool. 'cause most the time they're kind of like, Yeah, they don't really tell you kind of. 'cause it's almost like you're like, yeah, I don't know. I just watch my brother have nephews. Like I want to get a wife and children. I don't have a wife yet, but Yeah, you, it's Like, look, your, your parents are never gonna be like, 'cause like part of the thing is like, you don't, you can't, like, you need to separate from your parents, right.


You need to like move away, get outta the house, that whole thing. Like move on, become your own, your own man and all that stuff. And if you're too wrapped up and like your folks and you know, you can, you know, it gets in the way of that. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. You gotta start to slowly separate in those ways that kids do. So there's part of it where they're like, you know, and it comes off like where I'm like, Hey, you guys wanna play some game? But like close the door. Yeah. Get outta my room. Close the room. Like just so, just leave. You know what I mean? And then there's that moment. It's the first time you kind of close the door when there's that moment where the dad's just by the door man, he's kind of sad that he's in the hall, but then he goes in his room, he takes three steps and he is like, oh good. I got some free time actually that, but there is that moment. It Is. Yeah. Absolutely do. And they come back around, you know what I mean? Do you think I auditioned for a Project Greenlight movie that you guys had years ago?


Really? Yeah. It was one where there was like a guy in a wheelchair and there were like, dangerous people were coming in. Like you were trapped in a bar or something. Feast maybe the horror movie. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just remembered that. That's crazy. You audition For it. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I was not any good. That's wow. I'm not a good a I would not, I think it's a bad idea to do that. I, I just, but anyway, I just remember that it popped in my head. Do you still have Project Greenlight? It's, no, it's not. I mean, it's not currently we did it with the company. We haven't, but we, we are not doing it now. And it, we took it, we, we had it on for a while back then, and then brought it back. And it's interesting. I really liked it and I thought it was interesting that like, 'cause it's because that's what I do and I know, okay, that's tricky.


Like, it's hard. You got all this drama that comes up on a movie, but I mean, we had like a million dollars to make the movie and everybody like a million dollars. Like that's like nothing. And now it's almost setting people up. It would kind of just be like, then you'd just be doing a show about people getting in arguments and smashing things and having a breakdown because you can't really even do it for a million dollars. Like Yeah, tons have changed Unions and wages and all that stuff. Like you're, you know, so, but I, I, I really liked that idea of that show and, and what we were able, because to me it was about like also creating opportunities for people that are Oh, That's what it felt outside Hollywood. Oh, that's, you know, who could come in and be like, look, I know what I'm doing. I wanna do something. And then you got to like, okay, well let's see what you can do. What, how do you think Tom Brady's good as an announcer?


Yeah, I think Tom's good as an announcer. I think he's look Me too, dude. I think he's really smart, obviously about football. I think that like, it's a, it's a people kind of, you and you're the, like, the greatest quarterback who've ever lived. They think, well, okay, now he's gonna come in and change broadcasting for good and, and like, just being a normal human being. Yeah. Seems kind of like, but I, I, I mean mean who do you wanna listen to? Analyze something? Like if I wanna like somebody tell me about like a mu you know, s a concert. Like I want to hear from, you know, some great musician. You know, if I'm, if you're, you figure, well nobody's gonna have better or wiser analysis. Analysis than Tom God is maybe not about like, telling jokes or whatever.


That's something different. Yeah. But yeah, I think so. And I, but he's a surgeon. He seemed like a surgeon when he is talking about it. And the way he breaks down certain moments and how long it takes to do certain things. He's like, well, they got about this many yards. They're gonna have to move about this many, this many yards a second. Like, he's definitely, you start to see how to See all, like, how much analysis went into that. I still think one, one of his like real, like one of the things that really separated him, 'cause you know, everybody knows about how like, you know, he, you know, he was like drafted late and all this stuff. Like, and his, you know, his his like combine numbers weren't like, you know, all that stuff. People weren't just like, this guy's gonna be amazing. I feel like one of the things that he has that people don't really talk about is like, and this is so fucking important, is like, I feel like he, he has this thing where he doesn't get tight.


He just doesn't get nervous. Mm. Like I think that the, there is a huge advantage. Imagine like you're in Super Bowl. Oh yeah. And it's like, you know, fourth and eight and you got, you know, You don You win, you're Good. Everyone else's heart rate is banging their head adrenaline's. I think It's what makes actors good too. Good actors at certain moments. I you getting relaxed, the ability to relax in intense situations where other people get tense, 'cause tension and stress. It locks you up. You know, you panic. It's like everything, it's all bad, right? Oh, It's horrible. That's when, yeah, dude, it's definitely, there's moments, the first time I'd ever audition, I was like, open the windows. Open the windows and like, there's not a lot of windows in here. And they're like, they're already open. I remember I was just kept blacking out and then I had to like do some scene that I didn't even care about.


What are we doing here? Why are we doing that? I'm sorry, that was not a plan. I, I just, oh yeah, dude, I wanna tell you about, do you ever see that Dunkin Donuts commercial? 'cause I know you did a commercial with them. Yeah. You ever see the one where they shut down that one and is it Boy sh Shabo? What is it? I play Shamokin Dunkin's closed by five. It's my favorite dude. A coffee shop in Shamokin is closed following an arson over the weekend. Police say a teenager is responsible for all that damage. These watch sixteens Nikki cries joins us live from the central Pennsylvania newsroom with more tonight Nikki, Julie, a lot of people in Shamokin are upset that Dunking Donuts is closed because they didn't have anywhere else to go for coffee and donuts Today.


We also learned new information about the teenage girl police charged with setting the place on fire setting. The fire is currently, currently at a juvenile detention center. Many people who live in Shimo are upset that Dunking Donuts is closed. Now I have to rely on myself to go to maybe a Turkey Hill or something where I don't like their donuts. I'd rather the donuts at Dunking Donuts like donut. And I'm dealing with it donut. But I really miss Dunking Donuts. I go There every day. I get a chicken baker croissant where I get some coffee. Powerade, if I dehydrated, I sit there all the time. If I have any like legal work that I need to do, I go there. I meet with my attorneys there. I'm gonna miss that place.


What's Going on That don't open up. Yeah. A lot of my friends go in there, get The cold coffee with ice coffee, I guess it's called. Yeah. People Missed their local hangout and Hope Dunking Donut. Yeah. Anyway, that's just when that one closed down man, it was just like a real, people kind of went bananas on The internet because it turns out guys like the legal clinic got shut down Too. That's was I sit there with my, my Legal work, my, you know, my probation officer meets me in there. I usually deal outta that place. M like, all right. You just, I mean, you don't know when a Dunking donut closes down, you don't realize how many lives intersect in that one Place. Whole community is paralyzed. Yeah. What's something else that you want to direct, man?


Where is there something? What about you directing Timothy Shaima? That'd be so dope. Oh, he's Terrific actor, man. I, I, he's great. You know, and I think, and that that's really what you kind of like, no matter what you do, a big part of it is, you know, 90% of it is, is is they say, is like picking the, the right actors. 'cause you, there's really nothing you can do. You're, you're, you're kind of like, okay, now go ahead and you can, you know, get about 10% calibration. But the right people for the right role is, is is so much a part of what goes into directing. That's what I was talking about. Like kind of understanding what people sort of think about or assumptions they have about actors that they are gonna watch. There's a lot of actors that I would love to work with the hot market that I, I'm lucky to have worked with some great ones so far.


And I have, I have a movie that I've just finished shooting called Animals. That's, and it's your own movie. It'll be out on Netflix that I directed. Let's go. Congrats Dude. Yeah. And I got, and I, I may even direct another movie next year, which is actually pretty quick, but it's not all set up yet. But I, I, it's something that I really love doing and I'm, I will do it like, especially like as I got one kid that's, you know, in college now and the other two, like by the time my son who's, who's 13 goes to college, then I plan on kind of just directing all the time. But like I said, it takes so much focus and energy that one of the regrets I have even about movies that I, I really like and I'm proud of is like, what periods of time that I miss with my kids.


Right. 'cause that, that, that just doesn't come back. You know? So you almost have to plan ahead. Like, okay, maybe they're gonna be on a semester abroad or this is gonna Be going on. Yeah. Or like, just as I'm like, I do 'em in LA you know what I mean? So I'm not travel so I'm can be home for dinner and come, you know, and just make that a, make that the priority. But it's, it's, it's a part of what, why I slow down a bunch from directing because it just, in order to do it in a way that I understood that it required, like it just requires almost total commitment and concentration. Yeah man. 'cause we, yeah, we gotta keep telling good stories. 'cause it's important. That's how people learn things and that's how you remember things and then become part of like, you know, history. They really kind of tell history a lot of times. Yeah. It's definitely interesting about, oh, you said something about Oh yeah, the shooting in Hollywood has become so tough, huh?


But it's supposed to, it is supposed to be getting easier. Well, You know, it's tricky because what hap one of the things that's happened is that like, first of all, movies just used to be made here. Like, you know, country music was made national. Oh, everywhere. Like, that's how it was. And then you had other states and countries that started kind of offering incentives because that felt like, you know, if we bring this business here and like it stimulates all our other businesses. 'cause there's this huge kind of trickle down effect of from the restaurants to dry cleaners to, you know, drivers to blah, blah, blah, blah, all this money into the economy. And you know, LA or California didn't really, I think whatever, I'm not sure what happened. They respond or try to compete.


What they have a s a small incentive now. And they've, they've actually broadened it some, and I think they're aware of it, but, but it's, it's tricky. Whereas other states, and they're kind of controversial. Some states have have felt like they worked out for 'em and they're happy. Georgia's got a huge incentive program. They get Oh, I mean, you know, oh yeah, Marvel moves shoot down there lot. I got place, place in Georgia and I, you know, that's, that's, I filmed in Georgia. It's, it's in fact The Accountant was, we filmed in Georgia and that's why Right. They start offering you incentives obviously been successful for Georgia. Yeah. It's like California has ego about it in some weird way. It's hard to figure out. Yeah. I'm not, I don't really know enough about the politics of it to know. It seems to me like, and I think it's like, well, we've always had it here. We don't have to give the incentives. Like that's what's pulling people away. Right. People that, but it's like, at a certain point you have to, But it's like, but now everybody's moved and, and moving away and move around business.


And if you can't make a movie without the, the, the crew is what's gonna make or break your movie. You Now you have 3000 people flying to like Tibet or whatever to shoot for. You know, like The uk they give out, they do these big relays. So like you Louisiana did it for a long time. Harry Potter movies and all the like DZ movies, all these, this stuff goes and shoots like out of the country. You know, look, it's, I obviously selfishly like this is where my kids are, so this is where I wanna be. I wanna be, but also the best technicians I believe in the world, by and large are here. And they're really artists too. And, and They're ready to work too. A lot of 'em, they've Been waiting. They gotta work. And look, you have these fires I know. And all this stuff. It's like, but I look, it's hard all over and I get it. I don't begrudge anybody anything I, I would like to preserve, like, look, it's a big business for this country, right.


Like show business. It's something that we make that everybody buys all over the world. Oh for sure. We buy a lot of shit from other countries. Right. Like, this is something that people wanna buy from us. Well, I'm amazed that I was talking about this with somebody and it may have been, damn, I can't remember my brain's off on the weekend. But, but we're talking about how California hasn't really done a great job of like kind of museum, some of the, all, a lot of great parts about that. Were in movies and like, you know, Sidney Poitier, this is where he lived for 20 years. Right. Or you know, this is the bad news Bears Park where they play like The Brady Bunch House. Right. There's some of it, but, and it's like bits and pieces on the internet, but it doesn't seem as preserved. Like when you get here, you almost think, I know it would seem like more of a museum in itself, the city.


'cause at the time I think people just didn't think about it or somebody's house they rented whatever it was. Yeah. But yeah, they haven't really, I mean, you know, you can do some of these tours and stuff, but it's kind of like, I think California, I'm not, I still feel like even though I'm a resident now, like that I'm from somewhere else, you know, from Boston. And so yeah, we'll say, yeah, for sure. Massachusetts's Like California is like, is felt I think in a way like, hey, people come here. Right. You know what I mean? Right. So we don't need to bring people here, but like times are changing. Movie business, like you say, is changing it's theatrical business. It, it's all, you know, the, the number you're looking at, the thing that pe one thing that people watch more than anything else, which is fire, The Dunking Donuts YouTube. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Oh, for sure. Exactly. Sure. But accountant two is in Count.


Two's out in theaters on Friday and this Friday. Yes. See it. Yeah. Go out and see it. It's great's really, really good. Do I take a date? Do I take my cousin? Who do I Take? Take your whole family. Everybody. You know, actually the truth is, is a movie that anybody can see, like real kids could see real accountants better. Like it, that's the core. If accountants don't like it, we're still fucked. I mean, you know what I'm saying? You're balance sheet, you're gonna call the movie the waiter and waiters don't go. You think anyone else is coming. But it, it's, yeah man, it's, it is a movie that I think honestly like works for it. You know, it's, it's smart and it's not like, oh well only young people like this, or only old people like this. It's got everything. It's, it's hard to make a movie that I think strikes this chord and kind of works for a broad audience and it is better seeing it in the theater.


So, and I, it's one that I'd be willing to leverage my kind of personal word and credibility. Amen. Like, go see it. You won't regret it. It's really good. You heard that Ben Affleck. Thanks man. Thanks for coming in and just sharing. Thank you. I appreciate it. And thinking with me and just having a good time. Thanks for Having me man. This was cool. We're Excited. I promise that I'll go see it. And thank you. And I think a lot of people will. I hope so. Listen, a lot of people listen to your show, so I appreciate it very, very much. Thanks for having Me. Well see. Tell your son I said hello. I will Dude. Bet that's, that's right there. That's the whole reason for coming right there. I got that Makes me cool right There. Now I just on and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone.


Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of I I bones.