
You know, life's better with a good hack. Like learning the secret menu at your favorite restaurant, or stumbling upon a buy one, get one sale at the mall. Well, there's a wireless hack too, and it's called Visible Visibles. Like ordering from the secret menu in wireless, you get unlimited data and hotspot and playing. Start at just $25 a month for one line taxes and fees included. Plus visible runs on Verizon's 5G network for great coverage, fast speeds, and a seamless connection. And it's all digital. Don't like going to the phone store. Visible doesn't have them. You switch from your phone and manage your plan in an app. Now that's a hack. If you're ready for wireless, that'll let you live in the know. Make the switch@visible.com. Plans start at $25 a month. For our best features, get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, see visible.com for planned features and network management details.


I have some tour dates to tell you about Miami, Florida on May 10th, Cedar Rapids, Iowa on June 19th, St. Paul, Minnesota on June 20th Fargo, North Dakota on June 21st. Rapid City, South Dakota on June 22nd. Winnipeg and Calgary in the Canada. All tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. Please go through those links so you get accurate pricing. And I appreciate your support for the Return of the Rat tour. Today's guest is an entrepreneur. He's an inventor, he's a philanthropist. He is one of the richest men in the world.


And it, it's, you know, and a consensus of wealth and power exists in only so few people. He co-founded Facebook in 2004, when he was 19 years old, the company that turned into Meta, which is where we are today in their headquarters. I'm thankful to spend time and get to know Mr. Mark Zuckerberg.


You drink Coffee Man, or no? Nah. Really? Yeah. How many of you you've had it? I have sometimes on vacation. I'll drink it recreationally. It's like every once in a while. Just like a, yeah, just like a, like a celebration. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's really, yeah. No, I, I just like hate anything that messes, like, I don't, I don't like any kind of chemicals or anything like that. Oh, really? So you'd like to keep everything the equilibrium? Yeah. My sister gives me such a hard time about this. She's like, you're just sitting there raw dogging reality. Wow. It's kind of true. Like, so you, but have you, you've had it before.


Yeah. But you just don't like it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like it. I Don't like it. So when you get up in the morning, that's not your thing? Like, is there something you do do? No, No, no. Yeah. I mean, I wake up and I fight people. Yeah, yeah. No, I mean, I, I wake up in the morning and are are we going by the way, I mean, we should, we should get this. Yeah, we're going. What's Up? All right. Good. Oh, you mean you wake up and do jujitsu, you mean? Oh, yeah. No, I mean, yeah. So I probably wake up like, I, Don Dunno, 7, 7 30. Whenever like the kids start making noise around the house, it's like, all right, sleep is done. Yeah. And, and then like, it's like I look at my phone and I'm just like, all these things that these people are doing, like you did, what? Are you fucking kidding me?


It's like, I have to go fucking deal with this. Yeah. It's like, like, it's like this partner did are really to goddammit. Alright, so, and then it's like I compose myself and go fight for two hours, like, recenter myself. Then it's like, now I can go deal with this stuff. But no, it's, So that helps. It's almost like your coffee in the morning sometimes. Like rolling, like rolling Jiujitsu kind of. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, Right now I'm, I'm doing more striking. So I mean, that's really fun. I, I just, I think it's like the greatest sport. Yeah. I mean it's, it's like neurologically stimulating. It's, you know, it's good cardio, good strength. Oh yeah. Yeah. A little bit of a threat. Right? So it keeps you on, you know, it's not, not like, just like running. I used to like run around the neighborhood, but running is not that thrilling.


Running compared to jiu-jitsu is for running is a, running is not really neat. Once you can do juujitsu. Yeah. Know. That's good. 'cause I think one cool thing about Juujitsu is just like, you can lose a match with somebody. Right? You can lose, like, like they can submit You Yes. Can. Yeah. But you'll learn something along the way, right? Yeah. Yeah. And they, a lot of times the guys submitting you also wants to help you learn too. So it's like you can lose and win at the same time. I think that's what's kind of masterful about it. Yeah, totally. Do you, do you do It? I don't do it as much as I would like to, you know? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Striking. Yeah. Yeah. No, I never got enough striking, but I would just kind of like, but I would just do juujitsu on the mats, you know?


Oh, yeah. No, it's so fun. It is just like fun to do with friends and Oh, yeah. And some guy chokes you so hard and then you're just like, you're like, ugh, It's a good day. It's, yeah. It's just, yeah. It's a cup of coffee. Yeah. If a big fella just squeezing, you can't handle it. It's a cup of coffee Better than caffeine for me. Yeah. I don't know. I, I, I'm, I'm just not into that stuff. Is there a, like a, is there like a vitamin or some staple that you kind of keep in your diet? If it's not caffeine? Is there some like, I mean, I Drink a very large amount of protein. Yeah. I mean, creatine. Do you, do you got that? I mean, I don't know. Like, yeah. I don't know. Vitamin D like all that stuff. I, yeah, vitamins good. But, but like, yeah.


It's not your thing. No, no. Never been my thing. I, yeah. Where'd I see? Oh, well, we saw each other, the UFC and you and your wife were there, right? Yeah. Which one was that? I'm trying to think. It wasn't three 12. Was that, that was Alex fighting maga bed. Oh, Yeah. Yeah. I was sad about that, man. Yeah. Yeah. Did your Wife I could see she could like, really, it it like, she was like head in her hand sometimes. Yeah. No, I think she, I think she would say she enjoys it, but I think she mostly goes to, to support me. Yeah. No, she's into it. I think, you know, it's tough. I mean, we've gotten to know a bunch of the fighters.


Yeah. And it's just like, when you see someone who you know and like, get hit or go down, that's like, that's tough, right? I mean, it's like, I, I've gotten to like, train with Volk a few times and, you know, we were there at, at 2 98 when he fought Ilya. And like, oh yeah. That was like, and that was like really Tough. Did you get to walk out with him or no? Yeah. I Mean, he asked me to to, to walk out with him, and I was like, all right, yeah, this will be a cool experience. And then I'm just like, you know, standing there while they're walking. Did you see that whole meme? Where, where they're like, he's like passing off all his clothes and I'm just like sitting there like useless. Yeah, no, there you go. That's, that was, that was a fun, that was a fun one. Was that Scary? Like what? Because I guess you feel like, yeah, what do I do now?


No, I mean, this was a fun moment. But, but I mean, but watching him get hit by Ilya, so cl I mean, it was like right cage shot him, it was like three feet from us. And I mean, he's like a big, he's like a tough guy, right? And so that, that was, that was tough. But, so I think after that, Priscilla was like, oh man, I, I don't know if I can go watch vul in, in person again. But, but we, I mean, you know, I mean, we just have friends over. It was fun watching him fight Diego. It was good. Oh yeah. It was a great fight. Oh, that Was great. That was awesome. Tough, tough moments in, in round two and four. But he's his heart man. Like, I mean, the way he described it after of like, did you see the, the shot in round four where Diego grazed his eyelid and with his Glove?


Yeah. And he lost his vision. Yeah. And, and he like, and you could see it was kinda like, like just the, the head movement and everything, trying to stay in good place, but kinda Survive, like watching an animal try to survive on one of those animal planet shows or something when you're cheering for the, you know, you're like, oh, it's not gonna go well. But then he does Good. Yeah, no, he, he's an amazing guy. He's, he's he's really cool. Very talented. Lot of heart. Oh yeah. And you get to know some of the fighters. I think that's one thing that is great about social media these days is you get to know the fighters a little bit more. Some of the regular lot, like you can get involved in who they are. Yeah, totally. So it gives you so much more of a person to cheer for. Is it tough to take your wife since you're a, and I'm just gonna, just gonna Go for it Since you're a go for it.


I'm gonna say the word really fast, just so it's like a, people don't dwell on it. But since you're a billionaire, is it tough to take your wife on a date? Like, at that, you know, like, do you have to live up to a standard or what's like a, like a nice date night? What is that like? I don't know. No, I think she's pretty chill. She's a trillionaire, huh? Sorry, there's A horrible Term. My niece will like it. Yeah, there you go. No, I mean, I, I think the, the main thing for me is like, like life is busy. There's like a million things that I could be doing at any given point in time. I, I just think it's important to like, take time, you know, each week, like, you know, Wednesday night we really try to have a date night, you know, try to hang out with the kids and put them to bed every night.


It's like that, that's like an important part of my routine. I, I think, I think that's important stuff to do. But, but no, I mean, we, we try to like, go out somewhere, but every once in a while we'll just cook or, or eat at home and, and that's all good. The UFC stuff, I think is probably more for me than for her. Yeah. But, but she is, she's a, she's a good sport about it. Is there something you'll do for her? Like, or is there like a fancy date because you could, you could afford to take your wife on like a date of Yeah. Like that, that a lot of us could only dream of. Right. That most pe that most people could only dream of. Is there something that you, like a, is there some magical date that you took her on one time? I don Dunno. That is a good question. Let's see. She's pr she's pretty simple on this stuff.


I think most of the, you know, I I, I like doing, I like making things right? So I don know if you saw this thing I like, I, I like working with like, great artists and stuff. So I, I did this project where I've always admired Daniel Arsham. And, and he's, he's this like, great sculptor and we, and I, I worked with him to make this sculpture of Priscilla because I thought it was cool. And Yeah, you're pulling this up and the, and like, Oh Yeah. First of all, I think it's like, you know, make a sculpture of Priscilla partially because that's cool. Partially 'cause I'm like, I'm not gonna make a sculpture of myself. It's like that, that's crazy. Right, right. It's like, whoa. Like who fuck does that?


But like, yeah. So, so it's like she's kind the target of my creative energy. Lot of Places like the Meuse in a way. So There's all these memes online after Yeah, there you go. Where people are like, whoa, I wonder what Zuckerberg did wrong that he had to make a sculpture of his wife. And I'm like, no, you guys are totally missing this, this is the thing I did wrong. It's like, you can't, like, you're gonna have to wait to see what I have to do to make up revving ma a makeup for having made a sculpture and putting it on our front lawn. It's like she didn't want a sculpture of her in the front lawn. It's like, that's that's weird. Right? It's like, you know, it's, but no, but she, she's a good sport about it. And that, And at least you can tell the DoorDash guy, like, just set it by the sculpture. Yeah. Just by the sculpture. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.


That's Kind of nice. It becomes like a Yeah. And an, I think having like a woman as a lookout in your yard is kind of nice, you know? Yeah. No, it's got like a good angelic form factor thing. It's a, it's a good vibe. But did she make you make any adjustments to it? Or is she like, okay, I'll accept it as is? No, I mean, I don't think she was that happy with it. 'cause again, I, I mean like, who wants it? Sculpture of themselves, I know in the, in the, in the front yard. But, but you know, I think she thinks it's sweet and I think she appreciates that. I mean, there's a lot of like more destructive things I could be doing with my creative energy. Yeah. You made an effort too. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So, and so it's like, I, I designed her this, this Porsche minivan thing.


It's like we took like a cayenne and extended it to be bigger. And it's like, do that. 'cause it's like, alright, I like cars, but I'm not gonna design a super car for myself. Let's like just design a sweet minivan for my wife. Right. It's like, yeah. It's just fun. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So I guess creative stuff like that. Trying to be creative and show her some creativity. Yeah. Oh, that's nice. There you go. I mean, look at that. And where did you meet your wife at? I met her in school. So, at, at, at, we were in college and I had just done this prank, and all my friends and everyone was convinced. They were all convinced I was gonna get thrown outta school. Okay. And where were you at in, in school? At Mark Harvard. Okay. And so, so I, I was a sophomore. She was a freshman.


My friends were convinced I was about to get kicked outta school. I was like going in front of this like, trial for the kind of like school discipline committee. My friends threw a going away party for me. And it was in the bathroom line at the end of the party where I was just like, next to Priscilla. And we were talking, and you Had nothing to lose. This was your last meal, let's Say. I was just like, look, man, like it's, you know, I have pregnancy, man, but it's like, it was not, not very romantic situation. It's like we're waiting in line for the bathroom. She's just funny. She, she, it is just cute. And it's like, I was like, all right, hey, you know, if we're gonna go out, we better go do this quickly.


'cause I'm probably gonna get kicked outta school in like two or three days. That it, like, that's a good pickup line. Right? It's like, yeah. That's, that's how you really show that you have potential in the world. Right. It's, you know, it's a, It's, well, it's a Limited time offer. Yeah. But it's not like very aspirational. It's like, Hey, that's true. It's like, I am going nowhere in life and I'm, I'm about to get kicked outta school, so Yeah. You're gonna wanna, you know, you're gonna wanna go out with me really quickly. Right. It's like, yeah. Yeah. I guess another way to look at it's very sale rack in a way, you know, very Sale rack. Yeah. So, but, but I mean, but everyone I knew thought that this whole thing was over. I mean, my parents drove up. We lived in New York. They drove up to help me pack up my dorm room. 'cause they were like, it's over. You're coming, coming home wrap.


Yeah. But it didn't then of course, I, I made Facebook and a few months later I dropped out. Anyway, so jokes on them, but, but it's how, but that's, that's how, yeah, no, that's, that's About Did you have to go to the trial at school or you didn't? Oh, No, I did. Oh, you did? And, and it was like, the questions that they asked were even worse than the questions that I get at like the congressional hearings. Yeah. It was like, don't you know that once you put this terrible prank website online, it is there forever. Mm. And it's like, no, actually that's not how it works. The site's already down. They're like, you're a smart ass. And I'm like, yeah, that's probably true. That's Probably true.


But, but half of a smart ass also is smart. Yeah. So that's good. I'll take that. Yeah. It's better than being a dumb as it's Yeah. Well, you know, it's like maybe smart and a little bit of an ass and Yeah. You know, it's, it's, it Works. Yeah. I'd rather be a smart ass, I think. Do you know about, what was a prank site? What was it? That wasn't Facebook though. No, No. It was this thing called Face Mash, which, you know, the, in the whole lore of the thing, there's this whole movie that got made about all this stuff. They made it seem like Face Mash was a predecessor to Facebook. It wasn't I, when I was in college, I, I just like making things. Yeah. So that's what, whether it's statues or minivans or internets or glasses, like whatever, you know, I, I just like making stuff. So you Like being creative? Yeah. So I, so like, I, so it was, it was, it was, it was very mean-spirited.


It was very mean-spirited. I basically, I downloaded everyone's Id photos from their ID cards. And I made the site where it showed two photos and you clicked on the person you thought was more attractive. Oh. And then it used, and it basically looked, took all the matchups and ranked everyone in the school based on Oh. Who everyone thought was the most attractive, very mean-spirited in retrospect. Not connected to Facebook in any way. Right. But just like a, just, Just like, just a college kid kind of being a jerk. Yeah. But you know, it's like, okay. So that was not, not my, not my best move, But you gotta take ba you know, it's baby steps.


I mean, yeah. And also pretty cool to make something. Some Of the things I did were, were, were useful and and fun. That one I put it together in a weekend. Not my best work. Yeah. As, yeah. No, not my best work, but That's fair. Not your best work, you know? Not my best work. Yeah. We've all had things that we made that weren't, you know, that weren't the best probably. Did you, let me think what I'm gonna ask you. Oh, did you, what kind of car do you drive? What kind of car do you drive Right now? Blackwing ct. CT five. What is ctb? I mean, it's a Cadillac. It's nice. It's, oh, it is. It's, it's Cadillac. It's here. Pull it up. It's, I I really like driving manual transmission cars. Oh Yeah.


Huh. And I like that type of thing, baby. And It's, it's a good one. Oh God. That's nice. Yeah. That thing will just shift. That thing. It just gets shifty out there. No, it's good. It's good. It's got A nice last on it. You want, I feel like you want your car to have almost as much horsepower as your helicopter, I feel like is a rule of thumb. It's probably a rule of a very rich thumb. Yeah. Yeah. So for a while. Okay. So my security team kind of convinced me for like 10 years that I should just let them drive me places. Which, I mean, realistically, I probably should.


But, but then eventually I was just like, I can't, I can't, I can't do this. Yeah. It's like, I, like, I need like, the freedom I need to be able to drive myself. So I started learning how to fly helicopters. And then it's a all, well, this is just ridiculous. It's like we have the security team driving me to my helicopter that I then go fly away. It's like, that makes no sense. It's like I'll just, let's just go, let's get a car. It's kind of Batman. It's almost as a Batman vibe, but I guess it is true. 'cause then you're just by yourself out there. What do you mean? Or will you take somebody with you in the cop? Oh, no, no. In the car. The helicopter. In the helicopter. Helicopter. Yeah. I definitely have like a real professional pilot fly with me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh, that's wild though.


Yeah. But I guess a chopper would get you somewhere pretty quick, right? Yeah. I mean, it's, it's a good, it's a good tool to have in the arsenal. Unreal. Yeah. No, It's California. He's like a damn emperor dude. Does that feel like That ever? No. No, man. It's like, I feel like I wish that people did what I wanted them to do. It's like, that would be, that would be fun. But it, but in the meantime, you can have some fun. Yeah. Oh yeah. I would've a chopper. I would have a, I don't even know what I would have. I would've an underground tunnel even that it came right back up next to where it started. I do, I do have an underground tunnel. Do you really? Yeah. Yeah. In u S a Well, there's a ranch in Kauai. Yeah. Where there's this whole thing where people were like, there's this whole meme about how people were saying, I built this like bunker underground.


It's, it's like more of underground storage. Bring it up situation. But, but yeah. No, it's a, it's a, Oh wow. Zuck got that funky. What's under the ground is just more water. Right. It's basically what you just said. It's sort of a tunnel that just goes to another building. Yeah. But it's, It's a good place to hide a little bit of dope though. I, that's what I would say, dude. Those are the good. That's what I would do anyway. But You and I defer there. Yeah. So you don't use, you've never used drugs or, I, I mean, I, I don't know. Dare really worked on me Right. When I was in third grade. It's like, I don there's all this stuff about how it, like, how it, it backfired and like, it just kind of taught people how to use drugs for me.


It like really scared me. Yeah. It was like, I don't, no, I don't like any of that stuff. It's like a friend will show up and be like, oh, I was like getting an IV to feel better. It's like, I don't even want people to like extend their arm and show me their vein. Yeah. Like, it's like, that's shit. Like, no, Not me. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Dude. No, I'm, I'm raw dogging reality as my sister. God. Yeah. No, it's, There's kind of a, that's kind of insane really these days. It used to be kind of that somebody who was like really straight edge and sober that they was, that that was a nerdy thing, I think. But now I never even thought about it before. Now that's almost the most insane thing you can do. It's like, wait, you're under the influence of nothing, Nothing, nothing from Sunup to sundown.


You are a fucking animal. You know? It's kind of crazy that it's that that things have gone That's that. Yeah. That, that the perspec perspective of that has kind of changed. How big is that tunnel? Is your tunnel pretty big? Or what's it like? It's not that big of a tunnel. Yeah, it's, I, I made a a, I put a reel on Instagram one day of, of, of Priscilla kind of making fun of me playing video games with some friends down there. But it's, yeah, no, it's, it's, it's, it's all good. Yeah. Definitely. But this is a crazy area. I haven't spent a lot of time there. You know how The internet is. The internet will, will, will always make things seem like they're crazier than they are. But, you know, what's an under, I mean, and in Hawaii it's like having a, having a little storm shelter, underground tunnels pretty sweet.


That's the thing right there. No, I don't think so. Insane. Insane. Just someone Wondering. That's insane. Is that Roblox? Who built It for you? That's closer to Roblox. Than, than, than what? Than what the thing is. Dude. The future is def things are definitely getting weird with cars is, dude, I saw four Waymo's meeting up behind the Ikea over here Having a meeting, huh? Yeah. I don dunno deciding what they're gonna do next. It just like, it's like, what's your next move? Kind of was like, where you going? Who you Yeah, I think it Was Are you seen hot tub time machine? I haven't seen it. You, You, you would like that really? That's good. Yeah, no, I think that there's, there's the self-driving car that's like hunting down the guy who is mean to it in it. It's, it's, it's good. Yeah. That's what it yeah, that's what it seemed like. Dude. There was four. I don dunno if they were smoking a blunt or whatever, but there was four Waymo's all meeting.


Yeah. I don't know. They were meeting up. I'm like, what are, who are they? What are they doing? You know? And then my buddy said he was in one and it was crying to him. 'cause it like The Waymo was crying. Yeah. The Waymo Waymo was like complaining about his spouse or whatever. And it was like, What form does that take? I don dunno. Is it like speaking English or is it like R 2D two? No, I think he had said it on a British setting. So it was like, oh me Mrs. Is really getting up. Me know. So I think 'cause you can change the voice to like, Indian guy or British guy or whatever. Or like, or female or semi female or whatever, Semi Female. But like, yeah, I just think it like, yeah, just some of that Waymo stuff's just getting outta line. I never thought like, oh, what are these cars doing?


Until I saw four of 'em meeting up and I was like, this seems like a lot to me. You know? That's where the future starts to get a little bit scary is moments like that where you're like, well, what are they doing? What were they doing? Probably just waiting to pick people up. But they'd have to do it in a group behind an ikea. Yeah. I dunno what that's, that does seem like an unlikely place to pick people up. That's True. And well, it just seems, I I'm Not gonna defend them. Okay. Okay. Okay. No, it's, it just seemed like an interesting place to meet up, you know? Yeah. And then I, I was in, I was in one Waymo and it was like, you want to gamble? And what, I think it was like sponsored by DraftKings or something and it was like, you want to gamble with me?


The Waymo? Yeah. I was like, it's like, I bet you $40 you'll never get where you're going. And it was like, this is, this seems insane As the doors lock. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, picks up speed. Yeah. Yeah. And why are all the Waymo's white too? I'm like, this is, I don't know. I just think we gotta start to diversify the portfolio. I feel like a little, you know. Yeah. But What do I know? You So let me switch topics. Sorry. Sometimes I get a little bit nervous. Is that all right? Yeah. Okay. I mean, there's no way that you're less nervous than me. Let me think about how you said that. Yeah, Let me think about that too. Did I There's more nervous. More nervous. Yeah.


See, I, I didn't even say it correctly, Really? Oh. But I think that's a trap. I think that I am, I think I'm more nervous than you, you think? Yeah. Man, I wake up. I am a, an alarm clock. That's how I feel all the time. I feel like, what does that mean? I just feel like I'm always, you know, ah, why? You know? I don't know. I just think I've always felt like that. I've always felt like kind of frenetic, you know? It's like, how do I get things to calm down more than how do I get things to amp up? You know? Hmm. Like, I'll even wear earplugs a lot of the day now and it makes things a lot easier for me to kind of navigate. Interesting. Yeah. It just makes everything easier to focus on. It makes it easier if I'm doing sauna, steam, bath, ice bath, working out any of those things, it makes it everything you wear earbuds In the I'll wear earplugs.


Okay. Oh, I see. Okay. Ear. And I'll wear 'em all night while I, it just makes everything a lot easier.


Ready to win some real cash during the basketball playoffs. Check out, pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts. Draft Kings pick six poster rises the competition. Hit all your picks and score higher. Minimum payouts on pick six plus even more cash if you outscore the competition. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. I like to pick Kevin Durant the de and more than 22 points. Or sometimes I'll pick Ick and more than 11 rebounds. It's up to you. New players get 50 in, Pick Six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. Download the DraftKings pick six app now and use code Theo. That's code THEO for new customers to play $5, get $50 in, Pick Six credits. Better payouts, Bigger wins Only with Pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Make sure to be responsible Gambling problem. Call one eight hundred Gambler Help is available for problem gambling. Call eight eight eight seven eight nine seven seven seven seven or visit cpg.org. Connecticut must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer Bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick Six Credits that expire in fourteen days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Hi everyone. So I've been telling you guys about Moon Pay for a while now, right? And honestly I'm not gonna stop because it's just that good. You've heard me talk about the Moon Pay app and for good reason. It's incredibly user friendly for buying and selling crypto. But today I wanna share more about what makes Moon Pay so cool. Moon pay powers the entire world of crypto. Some people say they are the PayPal of crypto because just like you could use PayPal to buy anything on the internet, now you can use Moon Pay to buy anything in crypto. And while we're on the subject of Cool Moon Pay partners, you've definitely gotta check out Unis Swap. It's your go-to decentralized exchange where swapping tokens is as easy as pie. And guess what? You can use moon pay to buy more crypto for your swaps. Whether you're a newbie or a seasoned pro. Unis swap lets you trade directly from your wallet. Keeping things smooth and simple. Remember, while Moon Pay makes buying crypto straightforward, it's essential to do your own research and understand the risks involved. Crypto trading can be volatile and you could lose your investment. Moon Pay is a tool to facilitate your transactions. Not a source of financial advice. Trade responsibly.


You, you dropped outta college, right? Yeah. And Alexander Wang, he came on one time. He and, and yeah, we were talking about him earlier, but he had dropped outta college also. Is that a, do you think people need college still or, 'cause it's just, you know, that you have these creative guys who are having success and they didn't go through college. Do you feel like people still need college? What do you feel like that looks like for now in the future? I don't know. Well, I mean, college, There's a question of how much of it is about the learning and how much of it is about the kind of like learning how to be a grownup before you kind of go out into the world.


I mean, for me it's like the, the classes were fine. I mean, that was fun. Sort of entertaining part of, of college. But I mean, I met a lot of people who were really important in my life, right? It's like, I mean, Priscilla, my co-founders at, at the company, a bunch of people who are still friends, close friends to, to this day. So I think that's almost more of it than, than like whatever class you took, right? But yeah. Yeah. That's the, so that socialist learning to be around others learn learning to not be at your parents' house. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, and I went to boarding school for two years and then before I went to, to college for two years.


So I feel like even though I dropped outta college, I kind of got a, a full experience in a way on that. But it was good. I, I feel like you just like, you know, you need some time kind of away from home a bit before you like fully go out, but, so I, I don dunno. I I think that that'll be a thing. But I, I do think like a lot of people, I'm not sure that college is preparing people for like, the jobs that they need to have today. I mean, I think that that's, like, there's a big issue on that. And like all the student debt issues are like really big issues. I mean, the fact that colleges, it's just so expensive for so many people and then like you graduate and you're in debt, Well, you're not even guaranteed a job either. You would think No.


Yeah. At a certain rate you're paying, you'd be guaranteed some sort of beginner employment. Yeah, no, I think that's, that's probably the big, the the, the biggest issue with it is it would be one thing if it were just kind of like a, a social experience, but you started off neutral. The the fact if if it's not preparing you for the jobs that you need and you're kind of starting off in this big hole, then I, I think that's, that's not good. I mean that, that I think there's gonna have to be a reckoning with then It's a good point. People Are gonna have to, to kind of figure out whether that makes sense. But I, I don't know, people, it's sort of been this taboo thing to say of like, like, maybe not everyone needs to go to college. And I think there's like a lot of jobs that don't require that and Yeah. But I think people are probably coming around to that opinion a little more now than, than than maybe like 10 years ago.


Yeah. Do you think, I was just talking earlier with Colin, I think one of your assistants, one of your coworkers, sorry, I don't wanna say assistants, but, and we're kind of saying that Yeah. Like what classes do you think like kids should be learning now? Because like with AI coming along and with technology starting to like really multiply itself pretty quickly, like our ability to advance is, is gonna only grow faster, it seems like. Would you feel like that's true overall statement? Oh yeah, Totally. I mean, I think it's accelerating. Yeah. Accelerating. Yeah. That's the word I'm looking for. Sorry. Yeah. So with that happening, what are like, I feel like they should be teaching how to like kind of use AI to children Right now in elementary and middle schools.


Does that, that sounds very real to me. Do you feel like that that's like, not not how to code or anything, but it's how to do it? So, I mean, it's interesting. The technology changes a lot, right? I mean it's obviously it's a lot different now than it was 20 years ago when I got started with the company or when I started coding when I was a kid. So it's not like the specific things I learned to code when I was 15 are the skills I'm using today. But you, I don know, I I, I think that there is something about kind of understanding the technology and understanding how to use it and getting on that train that I think is, is valuable. Right? But the other thing is, I, I just think like having good mentors or teachers, no matter what the actual classes, like when I was in boarding school, I really liked studying Latin and Greek.


And that's like not useful for any practical thing, but it's, it's Like no ship, But it's, it's fun and like, it's fun. It's fun, it's fun. I think it's, there are parts of it that are fun for sure. And the Tests that we, that I had to take were, you know, it's, they would, you know, you'd be reading these kind of great works and the test would be they'd pull out any word in like, whatever the, you know, third of a book was that was kind of that, that kinda section of the class. And they'd, they'd like show you a sentence and they, they'd say, okay, this word, like, give us the full kind of grammatical and, and like poetic significance of, of kind of how this word is used by this author in this piece.


So, okay. I'm not like, I'm not that good at language. So the way that I did that class was I basically just sat and studied word by word the, like historical significance of, of each word over like tens of pages, you know, preparing for these exams and Okay. I don't remember that much of that at this point. Right. I mean, there were a few quotes that I think are pretty good from some of those books, but Yeah. And I put them on shirts. But have you Plur of Assume I have you heard that one? Yeah, no, that's A good one. What does that one mean? Let's ball out or whatever? From, from From many one. I think it's talking about how we come together as, as a, as a people or as states into one union.


Oh, that's nice. Bu union. But no, I, But so you did it word by word, but it still helped you. But I, I just think like the lesson from that is, you know, it kind of gave me this confidence that it's like, okay, that was like a crazy thing to do or to have to like go learn what every word, significance, like poetic significance and grammatical, the structure and all that is, and after I took that class, I was basically like, I can work hard enough to do anything that I want. Mm. Right. Because like, I just like fucking learned all these words that don't matter in order to like nail this thing.


And like, and I won and, and, and kind of did that and, and got that to, to kind of, and kind of, you know, had some fun doing it. So. Right. It's like you, like you found a, a model kind of. Yeah, exactly. That worked. And it was hard. It was a, yeah, it was a tough model. Yeah. So I mean there, there's like, there's that, I mean there's like the math version of that. I mean, you're talking about Alexander Wang on here, it's like, I mean, I did a, a bunch of the same kind of math competitions that, that he did. I had this like, super hardcore math instructor in high school. His name was Zooming Fung and he and He Chinese guy. Oh yeah. And, and I think at some point he, he had worked with Zooming Fung, bring him up maybe Zooming Fung now he is, he Won the Fung.


You ever hear that song? They would used to play that? Well this Guy's just like a badass. And he, he basically was involved in training the, the US math Olympiad team Oh wow. For a long period of time. And, and he, he made a huge impact on, on me kind of growing up. And, and, and he kind of taught me a little bit about like how I approach problems. He's like, look, you actually, he's like, he's like, you kind of have this, he's like, look, You're not that good at math. I'm like, no, I, I, yeah, but I'm kidding. He, he, he kind of taught me that I, I had this sort of like, intuitive ability to have a sense of like what zone the right answer was in.


So he's like, I look at your work and you do a bunch of stuff that like, doesn't really make sense, but then at the end you come to a conclusion and you realize that that conclusion doesn't make sense. And then you kind of check yourself and go back and do it. And you keep on doing it until you get the right answer is like, I don't, I don't understand how you like, have this intuitive sense for like, what the shape of the right answer is. But like, that's really good as long as you like couple that with working really hard, you're gonna be able to kind of succeed and get a lot and get a lot done. But So that give you a map of how to navigate yourself, like your intuition Yeah. With your hard work. Yeah. So, so I don't know. So, okay, like, does the specific like, you know, high dimensional geometry or whatever the thing is that we were working on together, like, do I do any of that today?


No, I, I don't remember any of that stuff. Yeah. But like, but I think it's like, like you have some good teachers who teach you how to think and how to work hard and like that stays with you forever. Hmm. And I think that that's like some of the stuff that I, I mean, I, I think it, it builds confidence. It like teaches you how you approach problems, then you just get better and better at, at some things and you, you build confidence. And So that's the value you're saying in seeing in college? Like those are some of the other values you might not see. Like Oh yeah, I think so. That you might be not be able to be seen on paper, but the but the value of that. Yeah, that's a good point, man. It's like, yeah, I remember like some of my favorite people still to this day in my life have been some of my teachers that challenged me or that believed in me or that set a certain like, man, I admire the way you do this or this, you know, and, and it really encourages you once kind of plants a lot of seeds to make you wanna do those things so much more.


Yeah. And and they don't have to be teachers, although obviously, you know, that's, that's a Or Mentors. Yeah. I think a lot of, a lot of these days a lot of people get their mentorship probably I would guess from teachers unless they play a sport, you know? Yeah. I mean, I think, you know, the main way that you learn those from colleagues, right? It's like people you, you work with, you know. And I, I remember, you know, growing up I, I was like, I was really into computers and like, When did you get your first computer, you think? So my family had a computer probably when I was like eight or nine. And then I think I probably got one. And Would you be in there on that thing all the time? It's Rod, the Keys. Yeah. So my, my dad's a dentist and, and like he's like, I I just got a tooth with yesterday.


Yeah. Yeah. How's that? How's that there, there you Go. I just got a, a half of a Gotta see Dr. Zuckerberg. Really? Yeah. It's he'll, he'll take care of you. Did your parents give you love or just sonic care? That's just an old dentist joke. Well, glad you got that taken care of. Yeah. I feel a lot better about it. Yeah. But what were we talking about? I was just talking about how my, my dad was the type of dentist who like, was really into technology. Okay. Right. So whenever like a new laser thing came out to like drill your teeth better. Like he was on that first Right. And, and, and that was kind of cool to, to be around. Right. It's, and, and kind of see like he, he clearly he loved technology and I think I sort of got introduced to a bunch of stuff through that.


So like, he had, like, in his dental office, there were like a bunch of different, you know, operatory rooms I guess. And, and they each had computers and I was like, all right. You know, like, Oh yeah, it feels like the future in there. Yeah. It's Like you, it is like, but it was still, you know, he'd still like go between them to talk to the different people. I was like, you need like a chat app so you can just like, send messages to everyone across the, the dental office. So I like wrote that for him and it's like, all right. That's cool. So you were code, so you were drive, you were putting coding into like dental war. You were, you were already thinking of how to connections. I was like making stuff. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean that's sort of been the theme for me is the intersection between like computing technology on the one hand and like people and connecting people.


You know, when I was in college, I, I wasn't there for long, but I mean, I was technically a psychology major. I mean, I took a bunch of computer science and math classes too, but Dude, if somebody even went to Harvard for four days, dude, I would hire him to be my therapist or whatever. Yeah. I wouldn't really, no, it's, I mean I don dunno, I, I think I, I'd rather have someone who I, I definitely subscribe to the theory of like, you want people who did well at whatever they did, not just like, who have some random credential. So Oh yeah. So yeah, I guess. But where I'm from, if you heard Harvard, it was like somebody had gone to like Mars or something. It was very, you know. Yeah, no, I get it. So, but I think, so it kind of differs from place to place whenever you drop, whenever you did you have to tell your parents you were dropping outta college.


Was that a crazy day? Did you DM 'em? Yeah. Or would you do So? I mean, I'd already started Facebook and Harvard had this nice policy where you, you didn't have to make a hard decision to drop out, you could just postpone. So I just didn't go back for the next term. But later my mom told me that she always knew I wasn't gonna finish college. I was like, mom, what the hell does that mean? But no, but actually, Oh, but that's gotta be the worst. Imagine this. Okay. Say your son or child or daughter or mixed ra or mixed child or whatever. Imagine it's a big test at school, right? You have to hug your kid goodbye. You know, your kid is not gonna do good on that test. Right. But you still have to stay in there in the kitchen and give him a little bit of chocolate milk and be like, you're gonna do good out there today, Benny, or whatever his name is.


Right. But then the second he leaves, you're just like, that kid doesn't have a, It's like, You know, Benny's screwed. Yeah. Benny's screwed. No, I don know. I don dunno. I don dunno what we're talking about. I don dunno what it's like. No, but my younger sister Is our conversation going okay. I feel like it's cool you Yeah, no, this is, yeah, I mean it's, it's less random than I expected it to be. You know, it's, it is. I'm just kidding. Yeah. I think it's just hard to talk sometimes to people. No, before I went to college, my, no, my mom I think told me that she thought I was gonna drop out. My younger sister bet me that she was gonna finish college before me. Ooh. I like that attitude. And, and I was like, now I'm gonna get a degree.


And they all came true. I dropped out. My younger sister finished college and then I got an honorary degree, so, you know, bonus. Oh, you got a, they gave you that. I know. Yeah. Oh, dang. Did you even get your GED at all either? No, I did finish, I did finish high school. You did? I I GE D'S high school, right? Is that, I don't know. I think they make a GED Premier now. I don't know. I don't know anyone. No, no. Gigi's high school equivalent. High school. All right, thank you. I got a real, I got a, I got a high school diploma. You got a high school diploma? Yeah. That's my, that's my education Dude. That's 94% of our country. So you're in good hands brother. You're right there with some of the greats. So when you started, when you first started, lemme think if, I wanna think, oh, where was your first date that you took Priscilla to?


Do you remember? Yeah, for, for Priscilla. That was, we went to this place Burdick's. It was Burdick's, Burdick's La Bird's. This like chocolate place hot chocolate. That was, that was pretty good. And was it just like y'all went and sat down or you, is it like a restaurant or just a place to get like a Yeah, it's Like a little coffee place, little like hot chocolate type coffee place. It's, yeah, no, it's nice. They, they, they make good chocolates. They make these little mice things. Ooh. Yeah. Chocolate mice. So now every year on our anniversary we get some mice. Oh Yeah. Good deal. Hell yeah. Oh look, nothing like a couple of tech emperors are enjoying a couple of mice. You feel me?


I think that's very normal. That's very normal to me. Dude. Sorry, that made me laugh dude. I'm sorry Mark. That just made me forgive laugh. It's just crazy to think Well, chocolate mice. Yes. Chocolate mice. Yeah. Yeah. And that, yeah. And we'll put that in the notes. In the notes. Yeah. No, it's not. I, I feel like when you go like full Roman empire, it's like, give me, give me the live mice. Give the live mice and then one mouse shows up and he has like a bad leg. You're like all of them fully live.


Dude, if somebody sees a mouse with a bad leg, nobody even cares. That's the saddest thing about sun mice. But actually, I used to sell hamsters. My first job was selling hamsters growing up. And a lot of that market, they brought in these Russian hamsters. Right. And it took away a lot of the American market and the Russian ones. They're called like the Rob Barovsky bringing up a couple of Rob Barovsky. Man. They were, they, they, they took away like the fluffy kind of American ham. And they, I mean they're pretty cute. They are cute. But the ones that we were getting, a lot of 'em were from Russia, put from Russia, put Rob Barovsky hamsters from Russia with the small white ones with kind of the red eyes.


Yeah. They, they really, I think they, they put some visual effects on some of their eyes. There you go. These were really not helping people feel good. Yeah. No, that's like, that's like a vampire. It was a little bit much, it was a lot for some of the children, you Know. So one of my daughters is really into hedgehogs, so we, we found what we were in, like, we took them to Japan and there's this hedgehog cafe that you can just go in and they can just like, play with the hedgehogs. Wow. I've never seen a hedgehog. Yeah, No, it's, it's, they're, they're pretty cute. It kinda looks like that, but less red eyes, but Ooh. Yeah, no Cute dy bay. Yeah, She's out there. Those are beautiful. Now those, the, the idea of cafes, oh my God.


Where you can hang out with animals. Priscilla's telling me that she took the kids to this cat cafe and like, it's like my daughter was like hanging out with the cats and was like, couldn't find a cat that she liked and then like finally found a cat that she was into. And then like fi just as she was sitting down, like hanging out with the cat, someone came in and was like, oh, this cat has been adopted and took, came and addicted. It's Oh, just like that issue that's going on with that guy that deported El Salvador Right now. It sounds like very, I dunno if it's similar to that, but it sounds like there's like a lot of That seems completely different. Yeah, you're right. Absolutely. A completely different thing. You're right. That's, Yeah, you're right. It's not the same fairytale.


I don't know how though either one of those fairytale ends, but that's so sad that, Well, the cat at least got a home. Yeah. The cat got a home and this, I think that guy will get home. I don't know a lot about it. It just like spawn me on that. That could be something like that. Do you, you have, how many do you have a three daughters. Three daughters, yeah. And you had three sisters? I did, yeah. So you're, it's kind of surrounded by girls. God. Yeah. And did you, what's it like, like bedtime with your daughters at night? Like what is that like at, at the Zuckerberg's home? Yeah. I mean it's just, it's like, so because I'm so busy during the day, I try to make it so that like, the time that I know I'm gonna hang out with the kids at night, I try to spend like half an hour with each of them at night. And, and they're different ages. So we got like a nine, a 7-year-old, a 2-year-old.


Oh Wow. That's Fun, huh? Yeah. So bedtime, I don't know. I mean, the kids are all crazy in different ways and, and just kinda like try to connect with them on, on whatever they want. Like What do they like to, or if it's not, I, well, 2-year-old Children No, no, no. The 2-year-old is just like starting to learn how to speak and she, I'll be Gonna say code, which would've been crazy. Yeah. No, well, well she is like, yeah, no, the 2-year-old has very strong opinions and I think it's gonna be very interesting. Really? Yeah. Yeah. But it's like, let, let me, let me think about what I mean, she's, I don't know, I need to, lemme think about something funny that she's doing, but while, while, while I'm thinking about that the, the 7-year-old is just like purely generative, constantly just creating things.


Hmm. You know, she's the one who's like, we'll do like 3D printing, she'll create like 3D worlds in this like horizon metaverse system that we're building. She codes, she writes books. She, she basically like makes music. She is, She is. She's seven years old. She's seven. Yeah. Seeing her has really like, I think helped me understand myself in a way because it's like, it's kinda like, okay, like why do I just keep like building stuff? Like why do I care so much about creating stuff? And it's like, I don't know, I think some people just like have a thing in them where it's like they have to create stuff. Like the stuff just like comes outta them.


They're constantly generating things and like, and, and kind of producing stuff. And And you notice that in her, She's like that. Yeah. Yeah. I think, yeah. I mean, I think before, before kinda she started growing up and doing that, Priscilla was, and, and was just like, why don't you just like, relax? Right. It's like you've done, you've built enough things. Right. It's like your company is good. Like you can just chill. And, and now, now I think after seeing this one, she's just like, okay, no, I get it. Yeah. You, yeah, you got, you have the same thing. You have what she has, right? It's like you're just constantly creating stuff. He's like, dude, yeah. You're Thomas medicine. There you go. There you go. Is that pretty good? I like that. Yeah. No, it's, yeah. Thank you, dude.


Every now and then, and then, You know, our oldest daughter is just like, is And the oldest one is nine, you said? Yeah, She's nine. And So that's getting up there a little bit in kids age. She is, So she's getting into like the zone where she's like, she competes, she's doing like history B and like competing in math and, and really wants to like, understand the world. So, so my, my activities with her is like, we'll usually like go through the news and I'll find, she'll find like one thing, we'll pick out a story and then we'll just like talk about it. And it's, it's really interesting 'cause like, it hadn't occurred to me before how much, in order to understand, like technology, you need to really understand like, government and civics and politics and law and like, all of these different things.


So trying to explain to like a child who hasn't thought much about these things is, it's both very fascinating for, for me. But it's just been like a cool bonding experience of like every, and you, you start off and it's like really basic understanding. But then after you've done it for like a year or two, the like, okay, she has like a very good understanding of like the tech industry and the world and all this stuff. And it's, it's, it's pretty interesting to, to talk through. Well, I think it's inspiring just to even parents to hear like, what can you talk to your kid about? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, if your kid's 13 and you're still reading Embarrassed Same Bears or whatever, some of that's on you.


Like, you gotta evolve some of the curriculum for your child, you know, because yeah, a lot of parents think you probably can't kind of build these worlds in a child's head, but if you start with the basic blocks, then you kind of can, you know, and help 'em get bigger ideas about things. I think that's cool. I think there's nothing more important than how a parent communicates with their child, you know, and what they communicate to 'em. Because so often we just expect like, teachers and different curriculum out in the world, or just the world to do that for our children. But man, I think the, the biggest faucet for a child is the, is the parent, you know? That's pretty cool. And the little one is just a little can, just two. We got, we got a, we got a bonus.


Yeah, no. So it's, no, she's, she's good. But I mean, obviously very, she's just obsessed with her older sisters. Oh yeah. Like, so one day she just decided like, I'm not a baby. And we're like, oh, you're the family baby. She, I'm, I'm a big girl. It's like, that's like a core part of her identity is she is a big girl to you. He's like, email me now. Yeah, no. It's like, yeah, email me now. She email Me at Sucker Baby at Meta. It's like, meanwhile she can't even like fully pronounce it. She goes, I'm a bit girl. It's like, okay. It's like, well, maybe you learn how to pronounce it first and then I'll believe you. But, but no, she's, she's like, I weigh six terabytes, you know, like, calm down, you know?


Yeah, Yeah. No, she is, that's So funny. Being like a, like a, And the stuff that we do, it's like, I mean, it's Two, You're trying to like, teach them like basic stuff. So it's like, we have this book, it's like, how do I feel? Right? It just like pictures of other kids and like their facial expressions and it's like the only emotion that she identifies with is happy. Hmm. And so she'll be having like a terrible meltdown and like, sobbing and I'm like, Oreo, how, how are you feel? She goes, happy. And it's like, no, you don't have to, you don't have to say happy all the time. It's like, it's normal, like in light. It's like we have all these different emotions.


Like, you, like, it's, it's important to understand when you're sad or, or like angry or frustrated or something. But it's, But that's hilarious. So We're still working on that. We're working on, we're, we're still in the remedial emotional emotions phase, so She'll be like crying, like, how do you feel? But she knows that's the Well she's like, she Knows. Yeah. No, it's like Oreo Is her name Aurelia? Or we call her Oreo, which I'm sure we're gonna regret when, when, when she's older. Well, it's cute. I think Oreo is A cute, she probably marry a basketball player, I'm guessing. Who knows? Mark, who knows what'll happen. It could go, you know, Oreo Zuckerberg, dude, that's when you take, that's when you like, that's when you get into the food industry.


Yeah. Oreo, Zuckerberg, I don Dunno. She's, she, she, I think could be Sugar Empress. Well See. Not kids of Menlo Park. Kids love, like, you know, kids love, like, they go through a phase where they love cleaning and they love like playing cooking, right? It's like, oh, just give me some like, oh yeah, like a pan. Or I like, I don't know if that's, Yeah, I think a lot of kids are like that. Yeah. She's just like, give me a desk. Like, I want, like I wanna work like dad does, like gimme a desk and like, like, I don't wanna do this like, cooking shit. Like Yeah. It's like, yeah. She's like, we wanna own a Popeye's. And she's like, but I think she has. But I like that though.


She has like a pie, you know? No, she's, she's a bit girl. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's, I love that idea that some child somewhere, this is gonna make my day so much better. Just knowing that a child is just, there's A child behind a desk, just like demanding. It's like, like, yeah. Yeah. There's not enough bandwidth in this crib. Bother, there's not, not enough bandwidth to the crib. Yeah. To pull off what I need to pull off. I know the kids, you know, I don't, Is it fun being a dad? Do you feel like you enjoy it? Does it feel kind of, is it tough to connect with your children? Does that ever feel like a thing as a dad with girl daughters? With or with Yeah. I, I don't know. I think it's like, there's probably some things that they connect better with, with Mother about, but like, but I feel like there's also like, I don dunno, there's all these weird dynamics.


I think that there's some things that they like probably just connect with me better about where it's, you know, it's, it's just a different dynamic with, with Father. Right. So, And what do they call you? Do they call y'all dad, father, mother, Dad. Although sometimes they're, if they're being disobedient, mark, it's like, no, dad is a dad. Is a title, a title, an honorific title that I've earned? Mark re like, It's Like, what is going on? It's like Oreo. That is bullshit. Get back in your crib. Yeah. I'll see you in court. Yeah. No, it's, These diapers are too tight. Tell my lawyer. That's hilarious.


That's, I I think like, it's just good for them to, to have good role models. Right. You know, part of the way that I, I feel like when kids grow up, they either end up wanting to like, marry people who are the opposite of their parents. If it was a bad experience or people who they like, think of as sort of like, oh, this was a good role model. Right. And so I, I feel like as long as they look up to us, that's like, that's kind of the, the, that's, that's, you wanna like, set a good example. Right? So, but I don know, I, I kind of, for me, we talked about this a little bit with, with the fighting stuff early on, but for me it's always just been important that it's like, I, I don't just wanna like be a person who like sits and works all the time.


I think like, you know, it's, we're not like meant to just sit at a desk all day long and one day Oreo will learn that. But you know, I think like a lot of life is like, you move around you like, you know, it's like we're like meant to be active and, and do stuff. And I think that that's a big part of it. And I, I try to like, it's important to me that, that the kids get that too. And, and the kids are very active. Do your kids have a lot of like, screen time? Like how much screen time do you allow your kids? Yeah, it's different for the different ones. We don't just like let them do whatever, but I actually like, want them to be fluent with this stuff.


And like, kinda like we talked about earlier, you know, I want them to learn how to code, how to use technology. I think it's important because a lot of socialization, you know, obviously like happens online at this point. Like people need to get used to the norms and stuff around that. So, I mean, they're not on, and they're still too young to be using like social media, but, but they have Messenger kids, you know, we, we make it so that they can video chat and, and chat with their friends and, you know, we'll, we'll obviously monitor to make sure that they're, that they're just connecting with the people who, who we think that they should. But like, I, I think it's actually good. I think people need to kind of grow up.


I don need to is strong, but I, I, I think is, I think it's good if you have an engaged parent and, and they, and, and as a child you learn up. You, you, you kind of grow up learning how to use a bunch of this stuff. So I think that that's, I think that's all good. I, I want the kids to the extent that they're interested in it, to learn how to code, learn how to create stuff, whether it's in like Horizon or VR tools or they play, you know, Roblox and Minecraft and stuff like that. I think that's good. And then, you know, there's a lot of educational study type tools that, you know, when, when, when our daughter's studying for her competitions or whatever, she can, she can kind of make a lot of progress on that.


So I, I think that that stuff is good, but we're not just like letting them just kind of sit and watch stuff all day long. So you think that Unless you're on a plane, then you do whatever you need to do to get through that flight. Yeah. It's then Thank you dude. Somebody else needs to say that. Yeah, No, it's, Where's the, I want to, when do we come out with that pacifier that really shuts these kids down for a couple hours? It's, I'm not saying this be anything crazy, nothing illegal, but we need, we need a high voltage pacifier back in society Mart. Oh man. Give us something, brother. Yeah. These kids are screaming. They, they sometimes do.


I I, Yeah. The craziest thing happened to me one time. I'm on a plane, I'm dreaming right? And I'm like, man, I'm really having some nice dreams because I never have good sleep or anything. So every now and then I come to the surface of my dreams and I'm like, wow, I'm still dreaming. And I go back underwater. But I heard a ukulele playing Right? Ukulele. And at some point I wake up and there is a effing child, or child as some people call him playing a ukulele with his parents on this plane. I walked up and I put my hand on it in front of the parents. I think I was still groggy from being asleep. And I was like, we can't do this today.


We can't. It's like the ukuleles, it's, it's, it's a lot. It's time out for ukulele. Yeah. It's, we're shutting down this little hand Hawaii you got going on right here, rather. I mean, it probably took a lot of restraint and not just pick up the ukulele and smash it. Oh, It really did. Yeah. I mean it's, Yeah, it really did. So I just said, we're not doing this today In a tone. That was, That seems, seems stern for a child. It was. Yeah. So, and both of his parents were right there, especially for a child who you is not your child. You don't know. I very fair type of thing that you could cause a scene with That. Very fair. I got lucky. The parents were, They agreed. They were probably pissed about the ukulele too. They like, they Were afraid to tell their kids something. Yeah. It's like, so you did them a favor?


Yeah. It's like, Hey, Oreo, sometimes business is closed. Okay. Yeah. No, it's like, yeah, Working hours are over for today. Okay. So, Well, you'll be back in the office tomorrow. Like, sometimes you just have to, you know. Yeah. But sometimes, so I agree. Please do whatever you can to stop these kids from being on planes or screaming on planes because we are looking. That's one thing we are all looking to you for. Well, maybe one day we'll deliver that. Nobody needs help spend.


One of the easiest and most important decisions I make every day is securing my home with Simply Safe. Whether I'm out on tour or just home with a movie, I feel better knowing my home is protected so I can focus on what I've gotta get done. Knowing Simply Safe has my back in a crisis, I travel a lot, but since I use SimpliSafe, which I'm also getting put on my mother's home, I don't have to think about if someone strange is lurking around my house, looking into Windows being goofy, et cetera. SimpliSafe has active guard outdoor protection that helps prevent break-ins before they happen. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans start affordably at around a dollar a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. That's what's Simply Safe is offering. Visit Simply Safe, S-I-M-P-L-I s A F e.com/theo to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simply safe.com/theo. There's no safe, like simply safe


their money. Sometimes it feels like the whole world is just trying to spend your money. We're gonna spend your money, but people don't need help spending their money. People need help growing their money. That's why there's Acorns in a world that wants to spend your money. Acorns hopes to grow your money into more of your money. With simple saving and investing. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got Right now. Even if all you've got is spare change and You don't need to be an expert. Acorns recommends a diversified portfolio that can help you weather all of the markets ups and downs. Acorns even works for children. I recently got my niece and nephews set up on Acorns so they can see how savings works. Sign up now and join the over 14 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion. With Acorns Plus Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available to Acorns dot com slash THEO. That's A-C-O-R-N s.com/ TE to get your $20 bonus investment today. Paid Non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns investing in multi risk Acorns advisor, investment advisor View important soldiers at Acorns dot com slash do


Podcasting. It felt like everything you had to do it yourself, you had to make sure your backdrop and your curtain was set up and clean and you had to make sure this thing was in focus and then sit down and get it back in focus. It was just, and you had to do the editing. It wasn't overwhelming, but it was a lot. Right? That's all I'm saying. I'm not complaining, but that's how it is. Until you get some help. For millions of businesses, the tool that helps is Shopify. Shopify is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world, and 10% of all e-commerce in the US From household names like Mattel and Gym Shark to brands just getting started. Shopify helps you build a beautiful online store to match your brand style. Turn your big business idea into with Shopify on your side. Sign up for your $1 per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash THE. Go to Shopify dot com slash theo Shopify dot com slash theo.


I know it's may pretty much almost, it's before May, but I'm still recovering from the holidays. I know it sounds crazy, but I know I'm not the only one. Life in general can be chaotic, but if you're in charge of order fulfillment for an e-commerce business, you know that that's its own special kind of chaos. But with ShipStation, you can count on your day to day remaining calm. ShipStation saves hours and money every month by shipping from all your stores with one login, automating repetitive tasks and finding the best rates among all the global carriers. You'll never need to upgrade. ShipStation grows with your business no matter how big it gets. Calm the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to ShipStation dot com and use code theo to sign up for your free trial. That's S-H-I-P-S-T-A-T-I-O n.com. And use code theo, that's ShipStation dot com code. Theo,


I I do think a future version of the glasses will get there. I I think you had a chance to, to play around with this a bit. Yeah, I it's, Yeah. Did are those the ones you have on Right now or No, No, this is sort of, I mean, these are the ones that are available today. Right. And these are like REI glasses. So I mean it's, you know, the, they're glasses. They can, you know, the, the main thing is they can, you can take photos or videos with them. I love just using them for listening to music and taking phone calls on them because your ears are open. Right. So it doesn't like, it doesn't obscure your ability to hear anything else. The audio quality is really good, right? Because it has a microphone, like it's a contact mic that's like basically in the nose pad. Yeah. Audio quality is great. So when I'm, yeah. So when I'm like, you could be on a plane and take a phone call and like the other person on the other side can't even hear that you're on a plane.


Like, just like the, you can be in a wind tunnel on it. It's just like whatever. It's the, the sound quality is, is amazing. But then the main thing is they're AI glasses. So you can, glasses I think are like the perfect form factor for a device where if you want to have an AI that you let see what you see, hear what you hear, it can talk to you. You can talk to it throughout the day. I think glasses is, that's like, you know. Yeah. If you want to have something that has the same context of the world that you do, that's, it's gonna be glasses. And there's like, there's like a billion or 2 billion people in the world who wear glasses already. Mm. So to me the, you know, the chance that we look back like a decade from now and like all those glasses aren't AI glasses by that period, it's kind of like, like obviously all the flip phones were gonna become smartphones, right?


I mean that, like, that was clearly a thing that was gonna happen. I think that's gonna happen with, with glasses. With glasses too. But the, the other piece of this is that you're gonna get the ability to kind of put holograms in the world, right? So our, our experience with technology today is, I dunno, it's kind of funny in a way how it's divided where it's like you, you know, we have the physical world all around us, and then if you want to interact with something digital, you need to like put a screen up. Right? So maybe it's like this, you know, you have your, your small glowing rectangle, your phone with you. You know, you, you have like, you know, your screen if you want to like project something Yeah. Your Computer. But I, I think in the not too distant future, this should be blended together, right.


You'll have like the physical world. But all this digital stuff should just basically be holograms. It, you shouldn't need like a physical screen. Like there's no reason why in the future, you know, you wanna have a screen there, you'll just have glasses and that screen will be a hologram. Right. And that's what you, what you got, you'll see it. That's what you put me in. Yeah. Somebody put me in a damn. Yeah. Yeah. No, That's, That's the final season of Stranger Things back there. Yeah. I got put in whatever they put on me. It was like, LensCrafters makes LensCrafters look pretty, you know, lame. Well, It's, It's different. It's, it was, well it was crazy. I'll say it was like, can I say what happened on it? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It was, so they put it, you put the glasses on and they're, they're, it's like an advancement of the pair that you have on now, right?


So it's like years down the line. How many years down the line do you realistically think that that was could, I'm hoping that we'll have a version of that as a product in a few years, but it's going Like four years or eight years. Hopefully closer to four. Okay. Or even less. But, but it's, I I think that there will still be simpler glasses like this and then there will be more complex glasses. Those will be more expensive. There's more technology. Right. What's you want? Kind of. Yeah. But, so some people will want like more tech, they'll want the holograms. Some people just want a simple experience where it's like, all right, I got the ai, I got the ability to listen to music and phone calls and, and do all that. And then obviously the less tech that you put into them, the thinner they can be.


Which, I mean, some people like bulky glasses, some people want thin glasses and Yeah. It was fascinating. Yeah. Yeah. They had a, a thing on my wrist. Right. Like neural interface. A neural interface. Yeah. I mean you could basically control the glasses with your mind through signals that you're sending from your brain to your hand. Yes. It was fascinating. It was like I could like touch different nodules that I needed to and stuff. Or different nodes, whatever it's called. Yeah. I could look at certain things and that would highlight what it was. And it was like a sc it was just a screen in midair and I could walk around the side of the room and then come back and the screen would still be there. But it wasn't really there in real life. It was just there with the glasses on.


Yeah. It's a hologram. Yes. And it was, it was crazy, man. I don't know. And then I was like, well my first thought was like, well how do you just get people to adapt to this? 'cause people aren't just gonna go from where we are Right now to adapt. And then I realized, okay, there's different stair steps. There's like, almost like when you got the first smartphone, like you're saying. Yeah. And then in advance or the first mobile phone and then you have the first meta glasses and then it advances and stuff like that. So it was fascinating. There was a part where me and another man who I just met him and we played ping pong and I believe it was an Asian guy and I don dunno if they did that on purpose or not. And I don't know if ping pong is Asian, but it's, people think it is. And I started playing with this man back there, you know, and the table.


Did you win? Huh? Did you win? Dude, Who knows. We're in the future. I don know if they keep score. I think everybody gets a medal. No, You definitely keep score. Oh you do? Yeah. And then in our future, not everyone gets a medal. Yeah. I like that. It's Or you no or no. It's like, yeah, no, that's, that's more, yeah. Oreo fire up The grill. Yeah. No, it's Loser burns. But no, the, but the, we could play a game of, and it was a not real, it was a ping pong table in front of us that was not real. Nah, there's like 3D ping pong too. Yes. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So it wasn't the, it wasn't there. Someone could ride their bike. Like your dumb brother could ride his fricking bike, but dang it. Yeah. Ricky, bro, you fricking rode right to our net.


So, I mean, I think it's an interesting thought experiment. How many of the things that we physically have, That's what's fascinating, Aren't gonna need to be there in the future. Right. Right. So pretty much every screen doesn't need to be there. Right. It, it'll just be a hologram. Any media, any book that you're playing, any board game, any cards that be nice. Those are, Yeah. That'd be nice. 'cause one thing I hate is at the airport, all these TVs are on our air. Yeah. It's like everything is so loud now. It's like, can you just make it for you? Just Turn it down. Why Yeah. Person Every, why do we all have to experience this? Yeah, no, exactly. Painful noise sometimes. Yeah. It's like you're driving through a, a city and there's billboards and nothing is personalized. It's like how TV used to be. Right. I mean, in the, in the future, you know, now, like all the stuff that you use on your phone, it's like you get exactly what you're interested in and it's just a much more, much higher quality experience.


Yeah. But that there's all this physical stuff that just stuck. Right. And, and a static and yeah. I mean, everything I think is gonna be able to, sorry, not, not not everything, but, but it's, I think it's an interesting thought experiment. How much of the stuff that we physically have today that just doesn't actually need to exist in the future. So Do you think is social media bad? I mean, I don't think so, But yeah. Maybe that's not the right term. No. Like at a certain point does Yeah. Like how much, you know, there's been like studies done where it's like doom scrolling and stuff like that can lead to depression, that sort of thing.


Like do you Yeah. What do you think about that? Like, yeah. So, so look, I mean, we obviously study this stuff pretty carefully. You guys Do. Yeah. I mean, we study it, we work with academics to study it. You know, as you can imagine there, there's a lot of like media coverage of this stuff that's like very sensationalist that tries to like, have a skewed point of view. Right. My understanding of the current state of the research is that there isn't kind of a conclusive finding that this is negative for people's wellbeing. So I, I think that that's, and in general, you know, some of the stuff that ends up being positive for people is, is building relationships. So there's sort of the media part of social media and there's the social part of social media.


I think the, the interacting with people to the extent that that's helping you build good relationships, I mean friendships and good relationships is one of the things that correlates the most strongly with positive wellbeing and like, feeling good about your life and all that. The media stuff. I mean, I think that's more entertaining. You know, I think you can, you know, people want things that are fun, right? Yeah. People want be entertained for sure. It doesn't Necessarily like correlate with good wellbeing or bad wellbeing. But I guess like, the way that I think about this stuff is that it's our modern online environment. Is it, it's just an environment in which we live in a way that has pros and cons.


Like whether you live in a city or a rural place, right? It's like, okay, like some people may prefer living in a city. There's like things that are good about a city. There are things that are bad about a city. Okay. Like the fact that we went from being primarily offline as a society to now like this kind of hybrid kind of physical and digital reality. There's some things that are better about that. Some things that are, that are maybe less good. It's not that every single thing improves that each step along the way, but I think overall it's, it's kinda the overall effect is significant improvement. And I, I just don't see a way that people would wanna, like, go back to not having services where they can get the content that they're interested in and where stuff is personalized to them and where they can communicate with the people who they want and don't need to like, be constrained just the people who are physically around them.


Yeah. It's just, I mean, like, we're, we're just, you know, we're not going back to that. And if you look throughout history, it's like when people like first built cities, you know, there were all these, there's a lot of kind of nostalgia for the, the simpler life and things like that. It's like, okay. Yeah. And, and yeah, sure. Maybe, maybe cities aren't better in every single way and some people might prefer to kind of only go sometimes or whatever. But, but I I, I just think it's like we're, we're building more and more capabilities as society and I think that that's sort of, I I just think about the stuff more as like an environment in which we live. So then it's more like if, yeah, like sometimes I think like, 'cause I've been thinking a lot about this, I think a lot of people have, it's like, well, we're moving into such a, like, technology is advancing so much faster, right?


Yeah. It's accelerating the advancement speed and then we are just humans and we're in this, this space now where there's like one generation to the next, where one generation was completely grown up online and one hasn't really. Yeah. So I wonder, and I think the older generation probably sees it as like, man, this is so negative, everybody's stuck. But I wonder if the younger generation, do they even know any different, right. You know, like just I start to wonder what is the value of being human like, like what is the, does that start to dissipate as we become more technologically advanced? Or does that alter, like do you think about that sometimes? Yeah. I mean, look, I think it's gonna give people the freedom to focus more on the things that they want.


I, I think that if you look at the arc of, of history, go back, like, I mean before, you know, in ancient times life was like pretty brutal, right? It's like, oh, okay, so then, then you go to like, maybe right before the industrial revolution where They had team toilet paper at one time, they had like group toilet paper and it was like, yeah, That's, I mean, that's not good. That's not good. That's not good. That's not, yeah. I don't think, I mean, I don't, you don't wanna, yeah, no, it's, I I think anyone who has nostalgia for the past really is not taking into account the disease and the lack of hygiene that existed in the past. Oh. So I think that there's is, so anyway, but pre-industrial revolution, I think some huge percent of the population was farmers because basically everyone needed to be focused on growing things in order to have enough food.


Then we basically got to the point where, okay, now we can start to produce food much more efficiently. So that actually frees up a lot of people to not have to be farmers. Now maybe like 2% of people can be farmers and 98% of people can do other stuff. So now we, people start doing more kinda other creative stuff and inventing new things and, and at each step along the way, kind of like being a farmer is a really hard job, right? And it's like you're working like a lot of hours and, and, and, and now, and as kind of people got more options, they, they took other jobs. But then we've also seen this mix where the percent of people's time that has gone towards leisure and entertainment has just steadily increased over time.


And I just think that that's gonna continue to be the case with technology. We'll have more stuff that will make it so that the basic needs are taken care of, which will free people up to do some combination of more creative jobs and not have to work as hard if they don't want to. But I think some people are going to like working all the time like me. And, and you'll be able to do that too and get more done than you could have ever possibly done in the past. But that'll be sort of AdChoices and, yeah. Well, since you're kind of like a leader in innovation and technology in our world, you know, do you, how do you know that what you convictions are, how do you gauge if what your convictions are are the best for everybody?


Kind of like, how do you kind of figure that out? You know, it seems like such a challenge. Yeah. Well, does that make sense to the question or no? Yeah, no, I, I, yeah, no, I, I I think I get what you're asking. I mean, look, at the end of the day, there are still a lot of options of things that people can do. Just because I build something doesn't mean that people are gonna use it. Actually, a lot of the things that I build, like yeah, some of, some of them work, some of them don't. And like, I think part of the reason why the company has been successful is because, you know, maybe we have a slightly higher hit rate of things working than others, but it's kind of like, I don't know, in baseball, it's like most people don't get on base most of the time. Right? It's so, it's, it's like, like running one of these companies, you, you, more of the stuff doesn't work than does.


And if we do something that doesn't work, then in general, people aren't gonna use it and then the future doesn't go in that direction. So I, I see, So you're saying it's up to the user more? Yeah. I mean, look, I, I, I kind of think one way to look at the world is that there, there's a version of history that says that like, individual people are very powerful and have a lot of kind of autonomy and ability to, to kind of go in the direction that they think is right. And then there's like all these other narratives where people try to kind of diminish people's autonomy and authority.


And I, I'm just like, I've always been a person who really kind of believes that people understand people are smarter than people think. Yes. And, and I think in general, are able to make good decisions for their lives. And when they do things that, like the media or whatever, things don't make sense, it's generally because the media doesn't understand their life, not because the people are stupid. Like if people are saying something that seems wrong, it's not usually misinformation, it's usually that You don't understand what's going on in that person's life. And I, I just think that there's like a certain kind of paternalism in, in some of the like, mainstream narratives and some of the media narratives, but Like a know-it-all is almost, Yeah.


It's Like, I think there has been for sure for years. Yeah. I think it's starting to change more. Yeah. I Think it's a little more receptive as, as maybe some of those cultural or media elite people, like, are having a harder time predicting what's gonna happen in the world. Maybe there's a little more humility of like, okay, maybe we don't understand all of this. But, but to me, the best predicting thing has always been like, all right, if you build something, do people actually think it's good? Because like, at some level, you know, it's like, I just believe that people are actually very smart and understand their lives very well. And if you're building something that is useful for them, then they'll use it. And if you're using something, and if you're building something that is not useful for them, then they have other options. They will, they will do something else.


And so, I don't know, it's always served me well to generally have faith in people and believe that people are smart and can make good decisions for themselves. And whenever we try to like, adopt some sort of like, attitude of oh, we must know better than them. It's like we're like, we're the people building technology, that's when you lose. Right. And if you do, and if you have that attitude for long enough, then you just like become a shitty company and you lose, and you lose and you lose, and then you're irrelevant. Hmm. So, so I, I, I tend to just think that at the end of the day, yeah, I mean, I think people are smarter than, than a lot of people think. And I think ultimately drive the direction that society goes in You.


So, like people a lot of times, like, there's guys who are like kind of, you know, Elon Musk is probably like a socially awkward guy. And I would say that, I mean, I think it's okay. Yeah. Yeah. We all are Right. We all are. Right. Yeah. I think we all are. Yeah. And it's interesting that there's like, probably people have, I mean, have you ever felt socially awkward over your years? No, I'm, I'm, I'm really smooth. No, no, No. Obviously yes. Yeah. I'm like the most awkward person. People have been calling me a robot online for 20 years. It does wonders for my confidence. No, your confidence cannot be impaled. I don't think that's one thing you have that's probably a, a sheer north star inside of you. It's gotta be, well, I'm, I I I you might have become bulletproof.


I think there's times where, yeah, you seem like a guy who probably like, like watched a video of how to be a guy on YouTube or something, you know? But I think we all, we all go through like, we're all like awkward in different ways. You know, you put you in certain environments and you're not at all. I, but I think it's interesting that there's, I I Haven't found those environments yet, but maybe, you know, it's, Well, dude, even being here today, bro, is is nice of you. No, it'ss good. It's nice of you to be here today. No, I I think the podcasts are awesome. 'cause you're just like, you get to explore something and Right. For sure. I mean, I, but here's my question. Sorry Mark. I didn't mean to interrupt you. No, go for it. But I'm not gonna get another chance to. So my question is, is it interesting that they have kind of people who have, would probably self-describe as socially awkward at times, kind of creating technology that socially connects people.


That's the thing that, do you ever kind of find that kind of fascinating? Because I've always had a belief that that that like sometimes socially awkward people are almost a mix between human and like machine, like, like the future or something. Does that make any sense to you? Yeah, you know, I, it's an interesting question. I I I just think that there are a bunch of factors here that you need to peel apart. Yeah. I think someone can be socially perceptive and understand kind of what is going on in social dynamics and have a lot of empathy and care about other people while still being quite awkward and how they communicate.


And, and, and so I, I don't think you can build a great, Yeah. I'm trying to build too broad of a bridge. No, well I I think it's a fair point, right? I mean, it's like, all right, A lot of social media is like people creating great content and, and kind of communicating really well. And those are not my biggest strengths. Right? It's like, I'm, I'm, I don't think I'm the best communicator by a long shot. I mean, I think I kinda got to where I am because I, I, I think I kind of understand what people like, and I have the ability to build it, but I, I don't think my strength is like, oh, I can really like, communicate about why what I'm building is awesome.


I, I generally let to like, to make it that my work speaks for itself and I try to explain it so I can kinda explain how I'm thinking about it. But, but I don't think people primarily like using our stuff because, you know, they saw me talk about it and they're like, oh yeah, this seems super exciting now. But, but I think the ability to kind of communicate in a way that is not awkward is a different skill than the ability to kind of understand and have empathy for, for kind of people and, and kind and social interactions. And it's, you know, there's an interesting thing where I actually think sometimes a lot of the people who can communicate in the smoothest way sometimes have a lot less empathy and understanding of social dynamics than the kind of nerdy guy who may not be able to express himself quite as well, but sort of understands a little bit better what's going on.


Hmm. And I don't know, the world's complicated and there's like multiple dimensions to all this stuff, and no one's good at all of them. So you just, you know, try to do the things that you're, you, like hone the things that you're good at and try to put it to service to, you know, do as good of work as you can. Yeah. I think we're in this unique place where I believe it's like one or two generations think that one, something isn't social and then the younger generation thinks that it is social. Yeah. And so I feel like in some senses we're at this crossroads kind of, of like how we communicate as humans a little bit. Yeah. And this advancement and sometimes those steps are, are kind of tricky to take. This is my last question 'cause I know you have to go.


So I feel like Elon Musk has like a, like he wants to get on Mars and he wants to like impregnate different planets or whatever, you know, or whatever he's doing. Dude, he's just blasting his seat outta the different rockets, whatever, you know, he's just out there, you know, he's like the Johnny Apple solar system, you know, but God bless. But no, God bless a hundred percent dude. And yeah, a a hundred percent. And I'm just joking. He, I think he probably would know that. But I, I just think it's interesting. Like, you get his, you get what his ideas are. He wants to like, we want to be on Mars and we wanna sit the rockets and we wanna make everything solar powered and stuff. And you're such an innovator and a leader. Like what is, what do you feel like is your kind of, it's not a goal, but kind of where do you, what do you, what draw Like what is the thing where you see us, you know, like where you're at a point where like, man, this is what I'm really proud of and this is where I see us going because Yeah.


You know, we're all on this bus together going somewhere and we don't exactly know where we're going 'cause it's the future. Yeah. But you're kind of, you're kind of one of the guys driving the bus, you know, you're at least riding shotgun. So it's like, where are we going? I, I mean, I think different people just care about, about different parts of, of the future, right? So the space thing, I think it's cool. I'm glad that people are working on it. It's never really been my, my main thing for me it's all, it's, it's kind of been about the intersection of, of how do you build technology that helps people connect with each other and understand the world better and, and just taking different formats over time.


Right. So, you know, when we got started, people, you know, mostly like, you know, writing text, then, you know, then we got smartphones and we got cameras with the smartphones. We started taking a lot of photos and sharing that. And now, now most of what we do is video. Right. The mobile networks are, are good enough that you can like, share great video. It used to be Oh yeah, it's great. Yeah. Like 10 years ago, oh you try watching a video, it's like buffering, buffering. It's like, okay, this is, this is terrible. But now, now it's good. People always want to both kind of express their ideas and experience other people's ideas in whatever the richest format is that they can. So if that was gonna be text, then that was the best that they had great photos, visual, great.


A picture's worth a thousand words video better than photo for most things. But I don't think that's the end of the line, right? I just think we're gonna be here whether it's five years or 10 years. And I think the ability to like fully capture moments to really be able to experience them, I think that's sort of the hologram thing that we're talking about. I think that that's just gonna be like the next level of, of people being able to express like ideas like the next in their life. Yeah. Yeah. I like the next like blank canvas. So I think that's One thing. And then there's the whole AI thing, which we haven't spent Much time on. I what you need to, sorry. But we, we should, we should, which that is really going to give people a lot of new tools to, to kind of both just get smarter at everything they do.


And, and if you look at the world like I do through this lens of how do we express ourselves and how do we kind of take in an understanding of what's going on? AI is just gonna be super powerful for, for both of those. It's, I mean, you can already see some of the basic stuff with like, people creating images or, oh, It's unbelievable. I mean, it's crazy how fast it's happening too. Yeah. That's what I'm amazed at is just how fast it's happening. Yeah. Yeah. But do you think, like, do you envision this, like are you just like, like what do you envision that will be on these like surf, do you have like a like kind of like a utopian idea or do like, I just wonder how do you see things? 'cause you're the only, like, you're probably one of the smartest people to ever use thought, I don't know.


I don't know. Well that we, you know, or, or one of the most unique people to ever use thought that we have in our time. So it's like, how do you, what is it, what is it like out there? I I mean I, I think that we're going to get general intelligence. We're gonna have systems that are smarter than, than any individual. And I think it's mostly gonna be very empowering for people. Fir first of all, look, I mean, there are already systems that are smarter than any one individual today, right? If you take like a company, right? It's like, okay, you got like a thousand people or 10,000 people who are all kind of like working towards, you know, ostensibly working towards a goal together. Like I, you know, if the intelligence of a 10,000 person company is not greater than the intelligence of a single person and like, what are we doing here?


Right? Right. So there, there are already these systems in the world that have this sort of super intelligence that is far exceeds what any one person can do. And I, I just think like instead of having relatively few people be able to kind of harness the power of like, you have the ability of, you know, you have a 10,000 person organization that can, that can help you build the things that you think are good. I just think in the future almost everyone is gonna have that. And that's cool. What does that mean? It means that more ideas are gonna get tried out. So you might be up like leveling up in an overall idea of creativity Yeah. In the universe with ai. Yeah. And, And I think it's gonna be every field, right? So like science will get more advanced, like, will get more productive.


But like, I think a big part of the internet is stuff just gets more fun and funnier and like the memes get weirder and more specific. And like, that is advancement too, right? It's almost seemed like universal basic technology kind of in a way. Yeah. It's just The, the ability to, to kind of express these like, very complicated ideas in like a very simple piece of media. I, I think we're gonna get better and better at that and that advances our kind of understanding of ourselves as a society. So yeah. I don know, I I I think we'll get super intelligence and I would guess that it will be a continuation of this trend that humanity has been on for a hundred plus years of basically getting more time to do creative things, less time having to do drudgery, not having to spend as much time working if you don't want, but if you want to dedicate your life towards that, you're gonna have more powerful tools than you could ever have possibly imagined.


So It's not as much a conviction as much as it is a space of choice is how you see that. Like, just kind of that sort of thing. What, what do you mean? What, it's not like you're like, like convicted to this sort of like future as we advance, like it's just a space of choice. If you still want to be able to do these things, you can do those. And if you wanna be able to do these things, you can do those. Yeah, there you are. On the bus. Right there. There You go. I mean, that's a little weird of a photo, but I did not think That is good's. I did not think that is good. I don I don't, I don't like that at all. And We No, I Thank you for telling us that though. It's horrible ai. Yeah, I think that was open AI dude. So sorry about that. Do you think you'll, do you think you'll live forever? Mark? Is that a thought coming to your head? Oh man, that is an interesting question.


I, I think, Do you have two minutes to answer and then you have to leave? Yeah, No, I, I, I don't know, live forever. Gosh, I I think at some point we will like a lot of, well, lemme comment at it this way. Our outside of meta, my, the philanthropy that I do with, with Priscilla, the Chan Zuckerberg initiative is primarily focused on curing diseases. And the way we're doing that is not by focusing on any single disease, it's by focused on kind of basic technology of the intersection of AI and biology to accelerate the pace of science. And we originally thought that kinda a hundred years when we started was sort of around the timeframe to be able to cure and prevent and like deal with all diseases.


I think there's a chance that that happens sooner than, you know, because of, 'cause of all the work with, with ai. I guess I'm, I'm more optimistic about that now. Well that means that like, we are gonna live forever or we just have healthier lives for the period that we're supposed to be living. And then at some point, like your human body is done. I, I don't, I don't think we understand that yet enough. Mm. But but a lot of curing diseases is not just about living forever, it's about having better lives and, and it's like, and it's like while you're alive, like you don't want to have to deal with shit. Right. It's like, you, like, where you're just like, you feel terrible. Yeah. 'cause you're sick or like you're injured or there's, you know, so I, do you Think it's possible?


Like, do you, when do you, because you have an understanding of like science and being human that is, that is way supersedes a lot of people's. Do you, do you think it's possible that we could figure that out Curing all diseases To be able to like live, to keep life? Like do you think it's possible we could figure out how to Do it? I think it's, I think it's possible. I, I don't know, it's honestly, it's not an area that I've studied that much. Cool. It's, I didn't know 'cause we don't know, we don't know what's going on, mark. We just want you to tell us. Yeah. I mean, no, I don't know. I don't know. I, let's let's check back in, in 10 years on that. I think that as, as the, the AI stuff makes more progress, I think, we'll, we'll kind of get a sense of the trajectory for that. But, but I, I think it's just gonna unlock a lot of creativity and productivity and fun.


And like, I, I think people, the technology industry misses fun a lot. I think that that's like one observation that I've had building stuff out here is people are very focused on like, all right, we're gonna make like a better word processor. We're gonna like process information better. Cool. But I dunno, a lot of what people care about is just like, all right, I wanna like be entertained. I want like, I want my life to be fun, right? I want, I want something that's funny that I can then go show to my friends and then we can talk about that and like, and then just hang out and have a good time. Like showing each other funny things. Yeah. And like talking about what the world is. And I think AI is gonna make this stuff all great.


So I don't know. I mean it's, I I do think this is, this is a big, a big focus for us and we're building this meta ai, it's our, we call it personal ai. I mean, our goal on this is not just to build something that's like, I mean, yeah, it's gonna be super smart, right? It's, it's like, yeah, we're, we're trying to solve full general intelligence and super intelligence and all that. But I, I think in order to build a product that people are gonna want to use, you're gonna wanna build something that's fun to use. And that means like, you're not just gonna wanna like type to it. You wanna like have a conversation, right? And, and, and it's not just about having it be like only able to answer hard questions.


It should like get to know you and like what you think is funny and like what you ate, right. So that way you know, it can like, or you know, what your hobbies are so that way it can kind of relate to you. And I Think people don't know that AI can do that. I think that we need, we're, we're missing quickly I think in education, educating people how to, what AI is and how to use it. I think I notice even in my own life, and I spend a lot of time online and involved in stuff, but I think people are not understanding what's going on. So I don't know how we get people educated quickly so that they can, I think whoever can also serve people the best way to educate themselves Yeah. Is gonna be able to best exert or be able to best co coagulate people to their AI model or whatever.


You ever heard Coagulate used that way or, Yeah, something like that. I get what you, you're saying. Yeah. But, because that's the big thing, a lot of the people are like, we have the best EI, but most people are like, what the hell is, what are we doing? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So anyway, sorry. I think I kept you longer than we were supposed to, but Yeah. Sorry. We got into a lot of technological stuff, I think. No, I think we, it's just kind of like, you know, we don't know what's happening and sometimes we want to talk, we get to talk to somebody like you, and it's important, you know? Yeah. No, It's good. This is a fun conversation. Yeah, man. I enjoyed it too, man. Yeah. Thanks for sharing just some of what your life is like with us and just, I hope that, yeah, just keep, make sure we stay alive or whatever if we're supposed to, and just keep taking, working On It. Okay. That's all we can ask for now, sir.


All awesome, mark. Thanks you. Yeah. Appreciate it, brother. Yeah. Now I'm just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of I, I can feel it. I also wanna say a thank you to the people at Grace Dental. That's Grace Dental in Palo Alto, California. They glued, my tooth was broken and they glued it back together before the interview today.


So I'm thankful that they helped and I'm grateful that I got to meet them. Thanks.